Steward Fang was punished yesterday, but he didn't see him today. After a few servants put on leather armor and shackles for Luo Zheng, he was taken to the Martial Arts Hall.
As usual, a group of Luo Family disciples were training hard in the Martial Arts Hall in the morning mist.
With their bare arms, they punched the rows of stone men in the corner with all their might. Every time their fists landed on a stone man, there would be a slight explosion, and even the air would vibrate along with it.
The human targets standing on the other side were all grief-stricken, their faces drooping, and their mouths full of bitterness.
This kind of life of being punched and kicked day and night was really hard to endure. Sometimes, with a body full of injuries, they would lie in bed, tossing and turning in pain, unable to sleep. Unfortunately, they had no freedom at all. They had no choice but to be beaten.
"Human targets, stand properly!" The Luo Family instructor shouted loudly.
All the human targets stood in a row, their backs straight. The human targets knew the instructor's temper very well. If they were the slightest bit careless, they would be whipped. The Luo Family instructor's whip was not an ordinary whip. The slightest touch would cause their skin to split open.
The Luo Family disciples each chose their own human targets. The one who chose Luo Zheng was a branch family disciple with a body as sturdy as a bear. This branch family disciple was called Luo Dalong.
When the other human targets saw that Luo Zheng was chosen by Luo Dalong, they all showed a pitiful expression.
This Luo Dalong's talent was average. His strength was only in the Skin Refining Realm, but he was born with divine strength. His strength was comparable to someone in the Flesh Refining Realm. Moreover, he was ferocious, even a bit brutal. Many human targets were either killed or injured by him. Being chosen by him as a human target was undoubtedly very miserable.
Luo Dalong raised his fist and warmed up a bit. He looked at Luo Zheng with a hint of excitement. Recently, there were fewer prisoners on death row. Many of them were bought by other families. The Luo Family's human targets had been difficult to replenish, so the Luo Family's human targets could be considered a scarce resource.
Beating the human targets could not only exercise the body, but also vent the unhappiness in his heart. This was the reason why Luo Dalong was so excited. What was even more valuable was that this human target was once the Luo Family's young master.
The once high and mighty Young Patriarch was now begging for mercy under his fist. Just thinking about it made him feel good.
Facing Luo Dalong, Luo Zheng frowned. This Luo Dalong's strength was especially great. Last time, he had suffered a loss under this person's fist. He was beaten by this person and suffered internal injuries. He had to rest for half a month to recover.
However, after two years of being a human target, he had learned to be as calm as still water. He quickly calmed down and even carefully adjusted the leather armor on his chest. Only then did he straighten his posture and face Luo Dalong.
Then, Luo Dalong rushed towards him. Luo Dalong practiced an extremely fierce and overbearing fist technique called "Raging Bull Rushing Fist". This fist technique was fierce and overbearing, full of power.
Luo Dalong was like an enraged bull. Bringing along a burst of chaotic wind, he threw a Bull Rushing Punch straight at Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and puffed out his chest. This way, he could rely on his leather armor to offset the power of the punch to the greatest extent.
"Puff!"
Although the thick leather armor on his chest reduced the power of the punch, the powerful force of the punch still seeped through the leather armor and hit his chest like a muffled hammer. At this moment, he quickly exhaled the air in his chest, making his chest deflate in an instant.
"Deflecting Force!"
Exhaling the air quickly made his chest shrink to form a buffer zone, which could offset the opponent's power again. This little trick was also the secret of Luo Zheng's survival as a human target for two years!
However, Luo Dalong's punch was too fierce. After the power was reduced twice, it was still overbearing. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile. His whole body was like a kite with a broken string, and he fell back heavily.
Lying on the ground, Luo Zheng was still a little dizzy. He thought that he was finished this time. This punch would probably cause him serious internal injuries. But at this moment, he strangely found that he didn't feel the slightest bit of pain.
Not only did he not feel pain, but a strange warm current emerged from his chest. As soon as the warm current appeared, Luo Zheng's body immediately reacted. He felt that his body was like a hungry wolf, quickly swallowing up the warm current.
Then the warm current spread to his internal organs, his four limbs, his hair, and his skin, making his whole body feel warm. Not only did he not feel pain, but he also felt extremely comfortable.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment. "This warm current is actually cleansing my body!"
Although Luo Zheng had been reduced to a servant, he was, after all, the young master of the Luo family. He still had this kind of knowledge.
Medicines that could cleanse the body were very rare. For example, the Luo family's Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir had the effect of cleansing the body. But how rare was the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir? The Luo family had only accumulated two Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixirs in several hundred years. From this point, one could see how precious it was.
This warm current that could cleanse the body appeared without reason. Luo Zheng lay on the ground and thought for a while. Soon, he connected the dots that appeared yesterday.
"Using my body as a tool, using my own body as a spirit, tempering my body thousands of times, cleansing my body …"
Could it be that this so-called thousands of times of tempering was to be beaten?
Just like what was recorded in the gold foil, his own body was like a magical weapon. Didn't refining weapons require thousands of times of tempering in order to forge a high-grade magical weapon?
As long as he was beaten, he could produce a warm current that could cleanse the body! As long as he was beaten, it was equal to continuously swallowing Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixirs!
Thinking of this possibility, Luo Zheng's mind became heated. His heart even trembled with excitement.
In order to verify his guess, Luo Zheng got up.
Although he wasn't injured and Luo Dalong's punch had greatly benefited him, he still pretended to be in pain and stood up with great difficulty. In order to pretend to be more realistic, he even trembled non-stop.
When Luo Dalong saw Luo Zheng get up, his trembling face revealed an astonished expression. He originally thought that after taking this punch, Luo Zheng would be crippled if not dead. However, Luo Zheng was actually able to get up. This made Luo Dalong feel somewhat embarrassed.
"Heh, as expected of someone at the peak of the Flesh Refinement Realm. You're so resilient! Lie down for me! "After saying this, Luo Dalong threw another punch straight at Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng was sent flying again. He was like a human-shaped sandbag, rolling several times on the ground. When he landed, he secretly felt refreshed. That warm current appeared again the moment he was beaten. It turned into small snakes that drilled into his internal organs and meridians, constantly refining his body and cleansing his organs.
It was too comfortable. Luo Zheng felt as if he was bathing in the spring breeze. His whole body was extremely comfortable. His eyes were brimming with vigor. The more he was hit, the brighter and more energetic his eyes became.
"Go to hell!"
"Bang!"
"I'll kill you!"
"Boom!"
Every time a warm current appeared, it purified Luo Zheng's body. To Luo Zheng, Luo Dalong was a hardworking blacksmith, constantly tempering Luo Zheng's "magical weapon" with his own fists.
This kind of beating continued for quite a while before Luo Dalong stopped. Panting, he looked at Luo Zheng on the ground. He was extremely surprised. Before this, he had heard that Luo Zheng could take a beating very well. He didn't expect this guy to be so tenacious. After taking so many punches from him, he could still get up. Although he was trembling every time he got up, it looked like he was struggling very much …
How could Luo Dalong know that Luo Zheng's weak and feeble appearance was completely faked? In fact, he was full of vitality and was enjoying the refreshing feeling of the warm current washing his body.
When those human targets saw this scene, they secretly cursed Luo Zheng for being an idiot. Since he couldn't get up, he shouldn't force himself. In any case, he could have been sent back to rest for a day. Now that he got up, he was still beaten. Wasn't this shameless? Could it be that this guy was addicted to being a human target and liked to be beaten by others?
Luo Zheng didn't get up for the last time. In fact, he was somewhat unsatisfied. He was addicted to the feeling of the warm current washing his body!
However, he was beaten down again and again and got up again and again. It was really too valiant.
If he got up again, he was afraid that this show couldn't go on. It was inevitable that someone would see a flaw and suspect him. Therefore, he decided … to get beaten again tomorrow.
Seeing that Luo Zheng couldn't get up again, Luo Dalong was relieved. If he couldn't even beat him down, he would have lost a lot of face.
At night, Luo Zheng limped back to the cellar. When the Luo family's servants locked the cellar door, he was immediately full of energy.
Today, Steward Fang still didn't show up. Instead, the servants sent over three pills. This time, he didn't embezzle the pills. It was enough.
Yesterday, he punished Steward Fang a little and he became obedient? Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't believe it.
He was very clear about the thoughts of a villain like Steward Fang. He definitely wouldn't let it go. He reckoned that Steward Fang was hatching some evil plan to harm him.
Who cares! He had to be wary of this kind of villain. However, he also couldn't take him too seriously. He would deal with whatever came his way.
He threw the three pills to the side. With his current body condition, he didn't need these cheap pills.
After being beaten up for the whole day, his body was very dirty. Then, he took off his clothes and scooped out a large ladle of cold water from the water tank. He poured it from head to toe.
Hualalala …
The clear and transparent cold water poured down from his head. When it flowed to the ground, it became black muddy water. The black muddy water was mixed with some light white impurities.
When he was being beaten, he discovered that because of the warm current washing, the impurities in his body were constantly being forced out.
What was the Flesh Refining Realm?
It was to refine out the impurities in the body.
What was the Bone Refining Realm?
It was to refine out the impurities in the bones.
What was the Viscera Refining Realm?
It was …
The Five Stages of the Flesh Refining Realm was a process of refining the body. First, the skin was refined, then the flesh was refined, then the bones were refined, and then the organs were refined. From the outside to the inside, it was done step by step. When the impurities in the spinal cord were all cleaned out, one could break through the Flesh Refining Realm and raise one's life to a higher level.
The biggest difference between Luo Zheng and other people was that he needed to rely on his own training to be able to remove the impurities in his body. This process was very slow and needed to accumulate over a long period of time. If it was short, it would take a few years. If it was long, it would take a few decades or even a lifetime.
However, Luo Zheng now needed to passively take a beating. Using the warm current that was comparable to the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill to wash himself, he could expel the impurities in his body!
Compared to other people who painstakingly cultivated and could only expel a little bit of impurities in a year, his speed was a hundred times or even a thousand times faster!
Luo Zheng was already at the peak of the Flesh Refining Realm. However, because he had been a human target for the past two years and had no time to cultivate, his realm had remained at the peak of the Flesh Refining Realm.
However, after today's beating, the impurities in his body had been washed out. He felt that his body seemed to have undergone a qualitative change. His body was already incomparably pure. When he was bathing just now, he had already discovered that among the black impurities, there was also a portion of light white impurities.
The impurities that were expelled from his body were pure black filth. As for the light white impurities, they were the impurities that he had forced out from his bones. This was the proof that he had entered the Bone Refining Realm!
He moved his iron bed aside and opened up a space in the cellar. He operated the Red Sandalwood Fist. His entire body was bathed in a layer of purple light. This layer of purple light was actually comparable to the purple light that covered Luo Peiran's body.
He punched the air, and the air immediately produced an explosive sound.
"Bo!"
The powerful sound wave produced a scattered airflow. The candles, papers, and other small objects in the cellar were stirred into a mess.
Unfortunately, the cellar was narrow and there was no stone lock. The stone man could allow him to test his strength, but he was also afraid of making too much noise and letting others know.