"Luo Zheng, it's a bit too much for you to insult your elders like this …" An elder of the Luo family said with a frown.
"Shut up!" Luo Zheng scolded, "When my father was murdered, what were you, the third, fourth, and fifth branches … the entire Luo family doing at that time? Are you worthy of the favor my father gave you? You're helping the tyrant, you're all accomplices in the murder of my father! "
The anger and injustice he had endured for two years finally erupted at this moment. Luo Zheng's voice was fierce, like an angry demon god, looking down on everyone in front of him. Everyone who saw Luo Zheng's eyes either avoided or lowered their heads, not daring to meet his eyes.
Luo Junyi didn't intend to continue this topic with Luo Zheng. "I'm not going to talk nonsense with you, little bastard. Hand over your body protection technique, and I'll allow you to kill yourself on the spot. I'll let you die painlessly, and I'll leave your body intact and bury you in the Luo family's ancestral grave." Then, a purple light as fine as hair extended from his arm.
"You're actually still coveting my body protection technique? In your dreams! " Then, Luo Zheng's feet stepped on the edge of the arena, and he rushed out with extreme speed. Since he couldn't leave in a dignified manner, he could only fight his way out.
Luo Zheng's speed was fast, but Luo Junyi's was even faster. After all, Luo Junyi was a famous expert who had entered the Viscera Refining stage for a long time. When he ran, he left behind a purple afterimage. He arrived in front of Luo Zheng and said, "Little bastard, your strength is not enough to see, you can't escape. I'll say it one more time, hand over your body protection technique! Otherwise, I'll let you suffer all kinds of torture, and then I'll grind your bones and scatter your ashes. You'll die without a burial place. "
"Get lost!"
What answered Luo Junyi was Luo Zheng's iron fist!
Facing Luo Zheng's attack, Luo Junyi didn't put it in his eyes at all. He stretched out his hand and lightly pushed away the strength of Luo Zheng's fist. At the same time, he got close to Luo Zheng's body and threw dozens of short punches in a breath.
Luo Junyi's strength was far from what the Luo Family disciples could compare with. A Bone Refining stage disciple's strength could reach one ding of strength, while a Viscera Refining stage disciple could reach three ding of strength!
The terrifying power of the fist poured into Luo Zheng's body. His body crazily transformed into a warm current. However, the power of the fist was too great, exceeding the limit of Luo Zheng's transformation. There was still a part of the power that he couldn't transform in time. It was this remaining power that injured Luo Zheng.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng was sent flying and smashed into the ground. He immediately stood up and spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing that Luo Zheng could still stand up after taking so many punches from him, Luo Junyi's heart was also burning: "This protective cultivation method is really amazing. Hand it over, and I can consider letting you live in the Luo family!"
"You despicable people speak like farts. Do you think I'll believe you?" Luo Zheng said as he adjusted his breathing. After landing, Luo Zheng felt that the bones in his body were incomparably light. It seemed that after Luo Chengyun and Luo Junyi's tempering, the warm current had already washed away the impurities in his bones!
After a month of tempering, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the peak of the Bone Refining stage. However, because his body's strength had increased and the Luo Family disciples' strength was insufficient, he lacked the warm current to cleanse his bones, making it difficult for him to break through.
However, after being beaten up by Luo Chengyun and Luo Junyi, a large amount of warm current was produced in his body. It actually helped Luo Zheng temper the remaining impurities in his bones.
Now that the impurities in his bones had been cleansed, every bone in his body was incomparably pure.
At this moment, he felt that his body was incomparably light. Every bone in his body had spirituality, allowing him to freely control them. The frequency of his breathing had also changed. Every time he breathed, it took half as long as before. His breathing was long and continuous, and he could breathe in and out freely.
This was the sign of stepping into the Viscera Refining stage!
Power, a strong power poured into Luo Zheng's body. He was incomparably ecstatic, but his face did not show it.
"Stubborn! I hope that when we torture you later, your mouth can still be so stubborn! "Luo Junyi once again approached. This time, he wanted to capture Luo Zheng in one fell swoop.
However, at this moment, an astonishing scene appeared!
The moment Luo Junyi got close, Luo Zheng threw out a punch at lightning speed.
The speed of this punch was extremely fast. Luo Junyi was caught off guard and this punch hit him directly.
After entering the Viscera Refining stage, Luo Zheng's control of his bones had already reached perfection. The power he could display was far from what a Bone Refining stage martial artist could compare with. However, Luo Junyi did not know that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Viscera Refining stage. He had a wrong estimation of Luo Zheng's strength.
When this punch landed on Luo Junyi's body, Luo Junyi was immediately sent flying three zhang away. He rolled several times on the ground before he could get up.
"You, you actually stepped into the Viscera Refining stage!" Luo Junyi clutched his chest and spat out several mouthfuls of blood. His face was full of disbelief.
Luo Zheng sneered and scoffed at Luo Junyi's words.
He scanned the Luo family from top to bottom and asked, "Now, who else dares to stop me?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aggressiveness and arrogance were clearly visible.
No one dared to answer. The entire Drill Ground was dead silent.
Even Luo Junyi was injured by Luo Zheng's punch. Who else present could be Luo Zheng's opponent?
At this moment, a voice floated out from the corner, "I dare to stop you."
Then, a middle-aged man dressed in white walked out from the corner. This middle-aged man was handsome and had an elegant figure. He was like an immortal who had cultivated to become a sage. His every movement had a graceful bearing.
"Luo Bingquan!"
Seeing this person, Luo Zheng frowned.
If there was one person Luo Zheng didn't want to meet at this moment, it would be his second uncle, Luo Bingquan. He was the mastermind behind his father's murder. His third uncle, Luo Junyi, who was injured by Luo Zheng, could only be considered an accomplice!
As soon as Luo Bingquan appeared, his body emitted an almost tangible aura that swept towards Luo Zheng. As if facing a great enemy, Luo Zheng bowed slightly. Every muscle and bone in his body entered a state of alert!
Luo Bingquan's strength had already surpassed the Marrow Refining stage. Although he hadn't stepped into the Xiantian stage, he already had one foot in it. He was a "half-step into the Xiantian stage" expert!
And Luo Zheng had just stepped into the Viscera Refining stage. There was an entire Marrow Refining stage between him and Luo Bingquan!
To Luo Zheng, this was an existence he couldn't surpass. They weren't on the same level as each other.
But he would never give up!
If he wanted to give up, Luo Zheng would have done so two years ago!
The heavens had taken pity on Luo Zheng and gave him a chance to turn things around. He frantically warned himself that he couldn't die here. At this moment, his desire to live was incomparably strong.
Luo Zheng was silent for a while. He quietly took a big gulp of air. Without any warning, he crazily circulated his strength and strode out with his powerful legs.
But before he could get far, a long sword wrapped in purple aura flew towards Luo Zheng and nailed itself in front of Luo Zheng, blocking his path.
Luo Zheng twisted his waist, trying to avoid the purple long sword. However, another purple long sword blocked his path. Then, purple long swords continuously shot towards Luo Zheng, forcing Luo Zheng to retreat step by step.
Under the pressure of the purple long swords, Luo Zheng actually retreated to his original position. His expression turned ugly. Although Luo Bingquan was only a half-step into the Xiantian stage and couldn't use his True Qi freely, the power was already so terrifying …
Luo Bingquan said with his hands behind his back, "You bastard, I let you live in the Luo Family for the sake of our family. I didn't expect you to not know your place. You even injured your third uncle and tried to leave the Luo Family! Since you want to die, I'll fulfill your wish! "
The purple long swords spun and flew up from the ground, stabbing towards Luo Zheng from different directions. Luo Zheng's eyes were about to pop out of their sockets. He couldn't dodge now. Even if he was as tough as a Profound Weapon, his defense was as fragile as paper in front of a half-step into the Xiantian stage like Luo Bingquan!
Luo Zheng couldn't accept this. Deep unwillingness rose in his heart.
At this moment, Luo Junyi suddenly stopped him and said, "Second Brother, don't kill him first."
Luo Bingquan controlled the purple long swords that were stabbing towards Luo Zheng and asked, "Why?"
"I don't know what kind of fortuitous encounter this kid had. His body is much stronger than ordinary people. Moreover, his cultivation speed is comparable to Pei Ran and Cheng Yun who ate the Fortune of Heaven and Earth Elixir," Luo Junyi explained.
Luo Bingquan aimed a purple long sword at Luo Zheng's forehead and said expressionlessly, "Tell me, what kind of fortuitous encounter did you have?"
Luo Zheng sneered. He would die if he didn't speak, so why waste his breath? He didn't even want to say a single word.
At this moment, the plaque on the Luo family's gate suddenly exploded. A bronze cauldron as tall as a person suddenly fell from the sky and heavily smashed into the ground with a "bang". The sound of the collision made the ears of the Luo family disciples go numb.
After the bronze cauldron smashed into the ground, it rolled down the steps, knocking the disciples of the Luo family all over the place and causing them to scream repeatedly.
"Who's causing trouble?"
Luo Bingquan snorted coldly. However, he controlled the purple long sword to change direction. It floated up and stabbed towards the tumbling bronze cauldron.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding!"
The purple long sword and the bronze cauldron collided, producing crisp sounds. However, they couldn't stop the cauldron from moving forward.
After the bronze cauldron rolled down the steps, it suddenly turned in a strange circle and unexpectedly rolled towards Luo Zheng. Seeing this, Luo Bingquan cursed. Using his body movement, he hurriedly grabbed at Luo Zheng.
But in the end, the bronze cauldron was still a bit faster. When it approached Luo Zheng, a withered hand suddenly reached out from the cauldron and pulled Luo Zheng into the cauldron.
"You want to leave? No way!" Luo Bingquan saw that Luo Zheng had been taken away by the person in the cauldron. He reached out and grabbed the edge of the cauldron, forcibly fixing the cauldron in place.
In the cauldron, the withered hand turned into a sharp claw and suddenly grabbed at Luo Bingquan.
Luo Bingquan's reaction was also very fast. He backhanded his palm and hit the withered hand. Luo Bingquan immediately retreated a few steps and said with an ugly expression, "Are you Xie Lang?"
As soon as Luo Bingquan's voice fell, an old man crawled out of the cauldron. This old man was extremely thin. There wasn't much flesh on his body. He was as scary as a skeleton.