Luo Zheng also thought that he would meet Luo Peiran sooner or later if he entered the Blue Cloud Sect. However, he didn't expect to meet him here before he even participated in the assessment.
From Luo Peiran's tone, it seemed that he already knew about the day he caused a ruckus in the clan and crippled Luo Chengyun.
"The Blue Cloud Sect only accepts people from all over the world. If you can enter the Blue Cloud Sect, so can I!" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Luo Peiran laughed and said, "Everyone has the right to kill this unfilial son of yours. You still want to enter the Blue Cloud Sect? What wishful thinking. Today, I will cripple you!"
After saying that, the purple light on Luo Peiran's body intensified. He smiled coldly and walked towards Luo Zheng step by step.
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. All the muscles on his body tightened as he entered a state of alert. Luo Peiran's strength seemed to have improved, but wasn't Luo Zheng the same as well? Even Xie Lang, a Half-step Innate Ranker, was defeated by him. What could Luo Peiran do to him?
At this moment, a black-robed disciple reached out and pulled Luo Peiran. At the same time, he said, "Brother Peiran, this is the Blue Cloud Sect. Pay attention to the rules and be careful of the punishment."
After the black-robed disciple finished speaking, Luo Peiran frowned. When he heard the words "Sect rules", he obviously had some misgivings and hesitated for a moment.
At this moment, in the middle of the group of black-robed disciples, a noble-looking young man walked out. His every move revealed a noble temperament. He should be the core of this group of black-robed disciples. At this moment, he said, "Peiran, does this person have a grudge with you?"
Luo Peiran was very respectful to that black-robed disciple. He nodded and said, "Yes, he is an unfilial son of my family. As the young master of the Luo Family, I have to clean up the family."
"Then kill him. Although the Blue Cloud Sect's rules are strict, this kid only signed up. He didn't even participate in the Sea Test, so he didn't harm the Sect's disciples. I, Wang Hengzhi, can still resist." Wang Hengzhi's expression was indifferent. With one sentence, he decided Luo Zheng's life.
Luo Peiran originally wanted to make a move, but after hearing Wang Hengzhi's words, he dispelled the idea. Wang Hengzhi was Luo Peiran's benefactor, and a benefactor's favor was very precious. Luo Peiran felt that there was no need to waste his favor on Luo Zheng, so Luo Peiran said, "There's no hurry. I want to see if this brat can enter the Blue Cloud Sect. If he can't, then I'll kill him like killing an ant. If he can enter, then there will be plenty of opportunities.
There's no need to rush. "Luo Peiran turned his head and said to Luo Zheng," I'll let you live for a few more days. Your life, I definitely want it. "
At this time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to laugh. He laughed extremely hard and pointed at Luo Peiran, "Hahahaha, Luo Peiran, aren't you afraid of making people laugh to death by saying such big words? I don't know if the Luo Family's people told you the truth! Even Luo Junyi was defeated by me. You! What qualifications do you have to want my life? "
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's entire body's aura instantly exploded. His body had been tempered and burned for twenty hours by the True Fire. The strength of his body had reached the level of a mid level Xuan Weapon.
Although he was only in the Viscera Refining Stage, his aura was extremely domineering. It was as if his aura was tangible and rushed over. At this moment, Luo Peiran even had difficulty breathing.
Facing Luo Zheng's shocking aura, Luo Peiran's complexion was somewhat unsightly. Two days ago, the Luo Family had sent a messenger pigeon and briefly explained what had happened in the family. The letter only mentioned that Luo Zheng had crippled Luo Chengyun, but it didn't say that Luo Zheng had defeated Luo Junyi.
Not long ago, Luo Zheng was only in the Flesh Refining Stage, but now his aura was unexpectedly so powerful.
Originally, Luo Peiran was quite confident in himself. He had eaten the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir, and his cultivation speed was as if it was assisted by the gods. Moreover, by a freak combination of factors, he had met Wang Hengzhi, a benefactor, who had allowed him to reach the heavens in one step and become an Inner Sect disciple. His status had undergone an earth-shattering change.
A guy like Luo Zheng had already been left far behind him. He didn't even have the interest to look at him directly.
The letter from home had reported that Luo Zheng was already dead. Since he was dead, then he was dead. Luo Peiran had only treated it as a trivial matter.
However, how could Luo Peiran have imagined that Luo Zheng, who was supposed to be dead, would actually appear in front of him in a dignified manner? Moreover, from the aura emanating from his body, his strength had actually advanced by leaps and bounds. It seemed that he was no longer below him.
Facing Luo Zheng's arrogant aura, the faces of several Inner Sect disciples on Luo Peiran's side sank.
Not to mention that Luo Zheng wasn't even a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect right now. Even if he had successfully passed the assessment and entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he would only be an Outer Sect disciple. What qualifications did he have to be arrogant in front of a group of Inner Sect disciples?
For a brat like this who didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth, they could only use their fists to fiercely teach him a lesson and make him realize what reality was.
Their target was Wang Hengzhi, who was now the core of this group of people.
Wang Hengzhi smiled. He still had that understatement look on his face as he said to Luo Peiran, "Peiran, your family's dog is a bit fierce. Why aren't you making a move? What are you waiting for?"
As soon as Wang Hengzhi finished speaking, Luo Peiran prepared to make a move.
However, at this moment, a stream of light flashed through the Blue Cloud Sect's gate. It was a Flying Chariot that flew over.
Two armored soldiers stood on the Flying Chariot, constantly patrolling in the air.
"It's an inspector," a black-robed disciple said.
Luo Peiran's expression turned ugly when he saw the Flying Chariot in the air. The Blue Cloud Sect's rules were strict. Under normal circumstances, disciples were prohibited from fighting each other.
However, there were so many disciples in the sect, and all of them practiced martial arts. This kind of thing couldn't be completely avoided. Therefore, as long as they weren't caught on the spot by the inspectors, they would usually turn a blind eye to it.
The inspectors in front of them were right above their heads, so Luo Peiran's group couldn't make a move.
Seeing this, Wang Hengzhi sneered at Luo Zheng. He patted Luo Peiran's shoulder and walked away with his hands behind his back.
Luo Peiran said to Luo Zheng, "You're lucky today. However, since you've come to the imperial capital, regardless of whether you enter the Blue Cloud Sect or not, there's no reason to let you leave alive. I'll let your cheap life live for a few more days. I'm not in a hurry. There's still plenty of time in the future! If you're afraid, it's best to find a corner and commit suicide. Death is your only choice! "After saying this, Luo Peiran and the black-robed disciples followed behind Wang Hengzhi and left.
After the group of black-robed disciples had completely left, Mo Can, who was standing far away, slowly came over. He said with a face full of admiration, "Luo Zheng, you're too fierce. Even the outer disciples don't dare to touch the inner disciples. You've just registered and you dare to clash with them."
In addition to Mo Can, there were many people who came to register who cast strange looks at Luo Zheng. Some people thought that Luo Zheng was reckless, while others thought that Luo Zheng was courageous. However, most people thought that Luo Zheng had offended the inner disciples before even entering the Blue Cloud Sect. He was undoubtedly seeking his own death.
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. Who liked to offend people for no reason? Especially in this kind of large sect, there were hidden dragons and crouching tigers. Experts were as common as clouds. He was just a young master from a small family who had lost power. The best way was to endure and cultivate.
Luo Zheng could endure other things, but not Luo Peiran. Thinking about his father's death, Luo Zheng couldn't sleep at night. If he could bury this hatred and erase it, then he was a son in vain!
Mo Can was also a child of a family. When he saw Luo Zheng's appearance and thought about the conversation between Luo Zheng and that person, he had already guessed that this matter was most likely an internal dispute within the family. It wasn't good for him to say too much, but Mo Can still reminded him, "Just now, among those black-robed disciples, you have to pay special attention to the one at the back."
"Who is that person?" Luo Zheng also noticed that person called Wang Hengzhi. Luo Peiran was respectful to that person, but that person didn't take others seriously at all.
"If I'm not wrong, that person should be a descendant of a landowning household from the Wang family," Mo Can said.
Descendant of a landowning household?
No wonder Luo Peiran could wear a black robe and become an inner disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. He must have hooked up with a descendant of a landowning household.
It must be known that landowning households were the true privileged class in the Empire. Some of their privileges were even directly written into the laws of the Imperial Capital.
But even so, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to obediently lower his head. Luo Zheng's life was worthless now. If this trouble really came to him, he could only fight with his life on the line.
After leaving the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng temporarily found an inn to stay in.
The Imperial Capital was indeed different from Chongyang County. Almost everything was two to three times more expensive than Chongyang County. However, Luo Zheng had stolen Xie Lang's Sumeru Ring and had a great harvest. Just the value of those square crystals was enormous. Just one square crystal was more than enough to buy ten inns like this.
At night, Luo Zheng blew out the fire on the candlestick. He climbed onto the bed and sat cross-legged, but he didn't fall asleep right away.
With a thought, he took out the blood-colored sledgehammer from the Sumeru Ring and placed it in front of him.
Previously, the black fire in the furnace in his mind flew out inexplicably and swallowed the Karmic Fire Sword. Then, it lit up a dragon scale, which significantly increased his strength. If he could light up a second dragon scale, his strength would increase by a lot.
Originally, this matter wasn't necessarily so urgent. However, after meeting Luo Peiran today, Luo Zheng felt a sense of crisis in his heart.
There was no other way to deal with this crisis. He didn't have anyone to rely on in the Imperial Capital. Thus, increasing his strength was the only way.
After all the preparations were done, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and entered a state of meditation. He tried to construct the Heaven and Earth Furnace in his mind.
Last time, the black fire appeared from his mind on its own initiative and smelted the Karmic Fire Sword into molten iron essence.
Luo Zheng wasn't very confident that the black fire would appear again this time.
The giant furnace floated quietly in his mind without any movement. Luo Zheng's consciousness slowly approached, trying to awaken the furnace.