Over the years, there had been countless geniuses who had entered the Blue Cloud Sect.
Some of them had extremely high comprehension abilities and cultivated at an extremely fast speed. In just one year, they had gone from the Bone Refining Stage to the Xiantian Stage.
Some of them had special physiques and were extremely strong. They were only in the Bone Refining Stage but they had the ability to move mountains. Their strength was comparable to a half-step Xiantian Stage.
In comparison, the kid in front of them was not that outstanding.
Even if he used his Organs Refining Stage strength to withstand the attacks of four Marrow Refining Stage cultivators and still managed to reach the 30 mile stone tablet, in the eyes of the white-browed elder and Teacher Su, he could only be considered outstanding.
Take Teacher Su's Xiao Yufeng as an example. She was ranked last in the 33 Green Cloud Peaks, but she could find at least three disciples who could withstand the attacks of Marrow Refining Stage cultivators and still complete the Sea Test.
But …
A Viscera Refining Stage cultivator was actually able to withstand the pressure of fifty cauldrons, and was even able to stand under such enormous pressure without collapsing.
Not to mention that there was no other disciple like him in Xiao Yufeng, even if they searched the entire 33 Green Cloud Peaks, they would not be able to find a second one.
Teacher Su wanted to go forward and pull Luo Zheng out of the huge gravity.
However, the white-browed elder did not stop her. "Don't rush. Look at what he is doing."
Instructor Su looked carefully and saw streams of blood-red liquid flowing out from his body. The surprise on her face became even stronger. "He's actually refining his organs!"
The two of them were much more knowledgeable than the four people just now. They could tell that the red liquid was not blood, but the impurities in the organs. However, most people had to force the impurities out of their bodies over a long period of time. However, this kid was able to force out such a large amount of impurities in such a short period of time.
"This kid's future …" The white-browed elder was about to say something. It was probably the uncreative "limitless future."
However, Teacher Su suddenly said, "His future is gloomy, right?"
The white-browed elder was puzzled. "Teacher Su, what do you mean by that?"
"I think this kid's talent is mediocre. He is lucky to have barely passed the Sea Test. As for the scene in front of you, I want you to pretend that you didn't see it." Teacher Su smiled sweetly. However, the meaning behind her words was very unreasonable.
The white-browed elder wasn't a fool. Judging from Instructor Su's words, he wanted him to keep this a secret.
However, according to the rules of the sect, if they found an especially outstanding disciple in the sea test, they had to report it to the higher-ups. Someone like this kid definitely met this rule.
"This …" The old man with white eyebrows hesitated again. If Luo Zheng's performance was the same as before, he could turn a blind eye to it. But now, Luo Zheng's performance was that of a once-in-a-thousand-years genius. If he continued to hide this matter, wouldn't it be too much?
Seeing the white-browed elder hesitate, Instructor Su's bright smile froze. "There's no need to hesitate. Do you need me to use the Emperor's Token?"
"Cough cough …" Hearing about the emperor's order, the white-browed old man coughed violently. Ever since Instructor Su entered the Blue Cloud Sect, his health had been deteriorating day by day. Every time the sea test was held, this lass would make him anxious. It would be strange if his health could recover.
What was the Emperor's Medallion?
He could ask "that person" in the Burning Heaven Palace to do something for him.
Extermination of clans, killing people, massacring nations …
To that person, these big things were just simple and trivial matters.
The prerequisite was that you had to have the Emperor's Token in order to have the qualifications to make a request.
In the past two hundred years, there were only six Emperor's Tokens that came out of the palace.
The Ouyang Family of the Imperial Capital had once obtained an Emperor's Medallion by chance. Later, they enshrined it in the family's main pavilion. With the power of the Emperor's Medallion, they actually jumped from an ordinary small family to one of the top ten noble families.
Although it was inseparable from the painstaking efforts of the Ouyang Family and their diligent cultivation, the Emperor's Token had undoubtedly played a huge role. With such a token enshrined, who would dare to touch you?
The young man in front of him was indeed a rare genius. But to casually use the Emperor's Token was a bit too exaggerated.
Although he understood that this lass was using the Emperor's Token to threaten him, he knew even more clearly that with her personality, if he continued to dawdle, she might really do it.
Since she had already said so, what else could the white-browed elder say? He could only obediently say: "Since you've already decided, then there's no need to report this matter."
"Remember, I want no one to know about this matter. The images recorded on the letter tablet must be completely deleted. A third person must not see it!" Instructor Su thought for a moment and warned again: "In a moment, it's best to make this kid shut up. If the people from the other peaks really know about this, then the trouble won't be small."
After saying this, she looked at Luo Zheng with a fiery gaze, as if she was looking at an unpolished gem.
Luo Zheng was focused on letting the warm current wash his body. Now that he was continuously absorbing pressure, the impurities in his internal organs were almost all expelled.
He took a deep breath and his entire body trembled violently. Large amounts of red impurities poured out from his pores. From afar, he looked like a man made of blood.
"I've finally reached the peak of the Viscera Refining Stage! There is only a fine line separating me from the Marrow Refining Realm! "
Luo Zheng's eyes released a hint of radiance. This type of speed of improvement left him extremely happy. Right now, only by quickly increasing his strength could he contend against Luo Peiran, only then would he have the qualifications to head to Purgatory Mountain to save his younger sister.
According to his plans, he still wanted to continue cultivating here. Perhaps he could cross that line and break through the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, his legs instead began to tremble. Under this tremendous pressure, his legs finally couldn't hold on any longer. It looked like he was about to lose his footing and fall to the ground.
However, right at this time, a pair of hands grabbed Luo Zheng's neck, dragging him out from this path.
Luo Zheng felt his body become lighter, that formless pressure also disappearing. He turned around, only to see that the one who dragged him out was that white-browed elder, as well as the one in charge of invigilating this sea examination. At this white-browed elder's side was a jade-green clothed woman who was as beautiful as a fairy.
"You already passed the sea examination, so why are you still lingering here?" The white-browed elder said sternly.
After being berated like this, Luo Zheng calmly said, "This disciple didn't know that I couldn't stay here."
"Now you know? Bring the jade pendant to exchange for a trial tile and wait to participate in the trial examination. "The white-browed elder said.
Luo Zheng obediently turned around and left. He naturally didn't want to provoke this white-browed elder for no reason. However, after taking two steps, he turned around and asked, "Examiner, if I am fortunate enough to enter the Blue Cloud Sect, can I still enter this path?"
Using pressure to refine his body allowed Luo Zheng's cultivation to advance extremely quickly. He was already a bit addicted to it, so he naturally cared about this issue greatly.
When he heard this, the white-browed elder laughed coldly and said, "This is the place where Natural Secret Realm experts cultivate. If you want to enter, you have to use sect points to have the qualifications. Since you violated the rules this time, this great one won't look into your responsibility. However, I ask that you keep this a secret and not speak of it to anyone else!"
Luo Zheng nodded and quickly left.
After Luo Zheng walked far away, the white-browed elder turned around and said to Mentor Su, "What do you think of what I said?"
"Yes! Not bad. As a token of my gratitude, this is for you! " Mentor Su wore a five-colored flower ring on her hand. It was inlaid with five different colored gems. It was very beautiful. With a light tap of her finger, a bright silver elixir appeared in her hand. She casually threw it to the white-browed elder.
When the white-browed elder caught the bright silver elixir, his expression suddenly changed greatly.
Mentor Su's gift was indeed extraordinary. This bright silver elixir was actually a "Longevity Elixir"!
This Longevity Elixir could extend a person's life by one year! It was a fifth-grade sacred medicine, which was very rare!
An inch of time was worth an inch of gold, and even ten thousand gold couldn't buy an inch of time. For many old people in their twilight years, a year's time was extremely precious, and it could change too many things.