"There are two methods!" Zhou Xian gestured. "The first method is to spend a hundred points to exchange for a chance to visit Purgatory Mountain."
"Points?"
Ever since he entered the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had heard people talk about points several times.
For example, when he participated in the sea examination, that elder told him that if he wanted to enter that powerful pressure space, he needed points.
Before participating in the Trial of Blood and Fire, he had a dispute with that Wang Family disciple. In the end, that Wang Family inner disciple had a thousand points deducted.
"What exactly are these points? And how do I obtain them? "Luo Zheng asked.
"In the Blue Cloud Sect, as disciples, we have to deal with all kinds of things. I really do need to tell you all in detail." Then, Zhou Xian told Luo Zheng and the others tirelessly. "When we are promoted from outer sect disciple to inner sect disciple, we need points. We need points to exchange for pills for cultivation. Even our daily meals and accommodations need points! These points will be recorded in your disciple tokens! "
"How do you obtain a hundred points? How long do you need to obtain them? " Luo Zheng didn't care about the various uses of points for now. What he cared about was how to obtain a hundred points and enter Purgatory Mountain to visit Luo Yan.
"Our Xiao Yufeng's teacher will issue missions every day. By completing these missions, you can obtain points. The rewards for outer sect disciples are very low. If you want to rely on completing missions to obtain a hundred points, it will take about half a year. I have been in the Blue Cloud Sect for so long, but I haven't even obtained a hundred points." Zhou Xian said with a smile.
"Half a year?" Luo Zheng frowned. This was too long. He couldn't afford to wait. "Is there a faster way?"
"There is. You can buy points. Two square crystals can be exchanged for one point. A hundred points will cost two hundred square crystals." Zhou Xian said.
When he heard that he could use square crystals to buy points, Luo Zheng's mind immediately jumped. He didn't have many other things, but he still had over a hundred square crystals in his spatial ring. But when he heard that the points were so expensive that two square crystals could only buy one point, Luo Zheng was a little depressed.
According to this exchange rate, any outer sect disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect would be able to live like a rich man for the rest of his life.
One hundred square crystals could only be exchanged for fifty points. Where was he going to get another fifty points?
If it was a mission, it would take at least three months of time. Luo Zheng really wanted to head to Purgatory Mountain right now.
"Just now, you said that there were two ways to enter Purgatory Mountain. I want to know what the other way is." Luo Zheng asked.
Zhou Xian chuckled. "It's simple. If you purposely violate Blue Cloud Sect's rules, you'll receive the punishment you deserve, be sent to Purgatory Mountain."
"…"
Luo Zheng was silent for a while before he laughed involuntarily and said, "This is a good idea."
It was a good idea, but in the end, it was still just a joke.
He wasn't a descendant of a landowning household, nor did he have anyone he could rely on in Blue Cloud Sect. He didn't have a better way to enter right now, so this matter couldn't be rushed. He could only take things slowly.
Even though Luo Zheng really wanted to grow a pair of wings and fly into Purgatory Mountain to rescue Luo Yan, Luo Zheng understood that this type of thinking wasn't realistic.
In the following few days, Luo Zheng wasn't in a rush to take on missions. He wanted to first digest the two secret manuals in his hands.
He had a Saint Grade Cultivation Technique and a Heaven Grade Cultivation Technique.
Wanting to completely digest and comprehend them in a short amount of time was undoubtedly the ravings of a fool. No matter how great one's talent was, it was still impossible.
He roughly read through the [Demonic God Fist], immediately understanding why that elder said that this sacred level technique was extremely difficult to cultivate.
The most important point of cultivating the Demonic God Fist was to grasp the Demonic True Energy!
When Luo Zheng cultivated the [Red Sandalwood Fist], his entire body would produce streaks of purple radiance. This was precisely the true energy of the [Red Sandalwood Fist].
Different cultivation methods would produce different types of true energy.
For example, that Artificer Xie Lang's cultivation method produced a type of lotus shaped true flame, which was actually also a type of true energy.
Luo Zheng's comprehension ability was extremely great. Back then, when Luo Zheng cultivated the [Red Sandalwood Fist], he only used a single day to produce energy. In three days, his body produced the first strand of purple radiance.
When he opened the first page of the [Demonic God Fist], there was a diagram on it. It depicted a Demonic Race individual in a strange posture.
His arms spread outwards, at the same time, his legs bent inwards, and then his waist straightened.
When Luo Zheng did this, it was extremely awkward.
After assuming this posture, Luo Zheng operated the power within his body according to the diagram's instructions.
After a cycle, his body was completely empty. There wasn't the slightest reaction.
The first time, it was ineffective.
The second time, there was still no reaction.
The third time …
Luo Zheng was very patient. It would be strange if he could master such a saint level cultivation technique in such a short period of time.
…
The fiftieth time …
The hundredth time …
The two-hundredth time …
During these three days, Luo Zheng didn't rest or sleep. He repeatedly cultivated in his own room.
In the end, there wasn't the slightest effect.
After three days, Luo Zheng's eyes finally revealed a trace of doubt.
The [Demonic God Fist] was difficult to cultivate. Luo Zheng had already mentally prepared himself for this.
After all, this was a holy level cultivation method. Moreover, it came from the Demonic Race. The operation method recorded in the mental cultivation method was different from many human mental cultivation methods.
For example, "Force from the front, surge from the back, force from the back, float up, up and down, without beginning or trace, cycle back and forth." This passage was to repeatedly spread the power from the front of the chest and circulate it along the five viscera and six bowels.
Most people couldn't do this alone.
According to this method, one would suffer internal injuries after one cycle. After two or three cycles, one's ribs would probably be broken.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical. This little trouble was no trouble for Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng clearly operated his power according to the mental cultivation method, but he couldn't produce even a trace of Demonic Qi.
Could it be that there was something wrong with his cultivation method?
He wasn't afraid of going astray, but he was afraid of going astray. Luo Zheng decided to put the [Demonic God Fist] aside for the time being, and turned to study the Heaven level cultivation method [Frightening Divine Thorn].
Compared to the [Demonic God Fist], the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was much easier for Luo Zheng to cultivate. Although the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was a Heaven level cultivation method, it wasn't difficult to cultivate. However, it had extremely high requirements for the strength of the soul.
The [Frightening Divine Thorn] actually taught Luo Zheng how to release his soul for a short period of time. At the same time, it transformed into a long soul thorn that could pierce the opponent's soul like the Xingtian Will, causing the opponent to be caught off guard and fall into a temporary dizziness.
The advantage was that it was very practical. During a battle, if the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was used unexpectedly, it would often affect the battle due to a short period of dizziness. If it was a battle of life and death, it might decide the outcome of the battle!
However, the [Frightening Divine Thorn] had a very fatal flaw. If the opponent's soul was stronger than his, the [Frightening Divine Thorn] would be ineffective against him.
At this stage, there were probably not many people whose soul was stronger than Luo Zheng's.
With Luo Zheng's comprehension ability, the speed at which he cultivated the [Frightening Divine Thorn] was not slow. In three days, Luo Zheng had comprehended the method of "releasing the soul" mentioned in the [Frightening Divine Thorn].
There was a big difference between releasing the soul and releasing the Vital Essence.
To release the Vital Essence, one had to enter the Xiantian Secret Realm to be able to transform one's natal Vital Essence into Vital Essence and control it to leave the body at will to attack the opponent.
However, releasing the soul was to directly release one's soul outside the body. Therefore, the [Frightening Divine Thorn] cultivation technique did not have any requirements for one's realm, but it had extremely high requirements for one's soul.
This was because a person's soul was very fragile. Once it left the body, it would be injured by the evil aura outside.
If a person with a weak soul were to cultivate this [Frightening Divine Thorn] cultivation technique, it would not take long for him to "injure his soul".
However, this was not a difficult thing for Luo Zheng.
He could be considered to have succeeded in releasing the soul, but the next step, "Transforming the Soul into a Thorn", was very troublesome for Luo Zheng.
"Transforming the Soul into a Thorn" sounded very simple. It was to transform one's soul into a sharp thorn.
It was easier said than done. When Luo Zheng really tried to cultivate it, he discovered that this was not the case. Every time he condensed his soul into a thorn, he would have an uncomfortable feeling in his heart. As a result, he naturally failed.
In the following ten days, Luo Zheng was stuck at the step of "Transforming the Soul into a Thorn". No matter how much he studied, he was unable to successfully condense it.
In the end, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. As expected, it was not so easy to successfully cultivate a heaven-class cultivation technique.
If he wanted to comprehend a Heaven class cultivation method and a Saint class cultivation method in a short period of time, it was undoubtedly a fool's dream. The path of cultivation relied on the accumulation of hard work day and night, and it was something that couldn't be rushed.
Luo Zheng had been in seclusion for so long that he had not had time to take a good look at the Xiao Yufeng. Today, he put aside these matters and decided to go out and take a look.
He had only just entered the Xiao Yufeng, yet he had been in seclusion for half a month. Luo Zheng's strange actions attracted the attention of many outer sect disciples.
Luo Zheng walked out of his small room. He looked at himself in the bronze mirror at the door. Looking at his sloppy appearance, he almost did not recognize himself.
Coincidentally, Mo Can was passing by. He pulled Mo Can to the Xiao Yufeng's bathhouse to take a bath.
On the Xiao Yufeng, there was a bathhouse, a dining hall, a forest garden, a tea room. All kinds of living facilities were available.
After taking a comfortable bath, the two went to the dining hall to eat.
In this dining hall, there were neatly arranged tables and chairs in a row. The large dining hall was beautifully decorated. It was comparable to the imperial palace's forbidden courtyard. It was magnificent.
The two of them sat down, and someone served them an exquisite meal.
The food was delicious. Even the rice was Dragontooth Rice, which was specially provided in the Eastern Domain. Generally, only the core members of the family were qualified to enjoy this kind of rice. It was glutinous but not sticky. It was sweet but not greasy. In the Blue Cloud Sect, it was a common thing. All outer sect disciples could eat it at will.
When the two picked up their chopsticks and were about to eat, six or seven people walked in from the entrance of the dining hall. They went straight to Luo Zheng and Mo Can.