"Why is Luo Zheng so stupid as to accept Xu Lie's challenge? If it were me, I would keep my mouth shut and never agree! "
"Hehe, I guess he's arrogant and thinks he's invincible after passing the trial assessment and becoming an outer disciple. Guys like him have to pay the price in blood."
"I heard that's not the case. Luo Zheng is too domineering. He even took the initiative to ask Xu Lie to challenge him!"
The news that Luo Zheng wanted to challenge Xu Lie quickly spread throughout Xiao Yufeng's outer sect and became the biggest hot topic in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect during this period.
As one of the protagonists of the arena, Luo Zheng sat on his bed very indifferently and continued to meditate and practice the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》.
There were still a few days left before the arena. Since he had already agreed, he would never be a coward.
If he could master the 《Soul Transformation》 of the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》, he would have a higher chance of winning in the arena.
Soul Transformation …
How on earth could one transform the soul into a sharp thorn?
The soul was invisible and intangible. Under normal circumstances, it would maintain its original appearance.
Because when people meditated, they would unconsciously substitute themselves for themselves.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's soul would appear as Luo Zheng's own appearance.
As long as he didn't forget himself, Luo Zheng's soul would always maintain his own appearance. It was impossible for him to change into another appearance, let alone transform his soul into a thorn.
Only by completely forgetting himself could he change into another form.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng had a flash of inspiration.
"I understand. The key to this step is to forget oneself!"
How to enter the realm of forgetting oneself? Completely forget oneself? How could this be possible?
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
He closed his eyes and tried to forget who he was.
After more than an hour, except for bursts of tiredness, there was no effect at all.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel a little anxious and depressed. The reason was that he couldn't comprehend any of the two Upper Level cultivation methods because of his poor aptitude. For Luo Zheng, it was indeed a blow.
Extremely depressed, Luo Zheng left his room and walked up Xiao Yufeng's steep mountain path.
It was only five o 'clock outside the room. The sun hadn't risen yet, so the surroundings were quiet.
After walking up the mountain path for about sixty to seventy feet, he saw a steep mountain wall in front of him. It extended outwards and formed a natural viewing platform.
The craftsmen of the Blue Cloud Sect naturally didn't abandon this place. They had renovated an exquisite pavilion on the viewing platform.
At this moment, there wasn't a single person in the pavilion.
Luo Zheng walked up and stood in the small pavilion. He gazed into the distance and saw that the endless mountain peaks were all immersed in a sea of white clouds.
....................................
These mountains had stood tall in this world for millions or even tens of millions of years. No matter how talented or enchanting a disciple was, to them, it was nothing more than a fleeting moment.
Luo Zheng stood in the middle of these majestic mountain peaks. He felt as small as a grain of sand in a large river.
Facing this magnificent scene, Luo Zheng's heartstrings were suddenly tugged.
He slowly closed his eyes and imagined himself to be even smaller than sand. Dust was smaller than dust. Dust was smaller than dust. Dust was smaller than dust was …
So small that it could be ignored. So small that it was nothingness …
With a loud bang, Luo Zheng felt as if a huge golden door had opened in his mind.
At this moment, Luo Zheng used his own method to enter the realm of nothingness. He made himself completely disappear and cease to exist. This was the realm of selflessness!
Although his eyes were open, everything in front of him wasn't in his eyes. It was as if he could become a tree if he wanted to. He could become grass if he wanted to. He could transform into anything in the world if he wanted to.
As for the "Soul-Transforming Stab" technique of the 《Soul-Transforming Stab》, Luo Zheng's mind moved. A gray, translucent stab suddenly shot out from between his eyebrows.
He finally succeeded!
When he succeeded, he released the "Soul-Frightening Stab". This translucent stab was transformed from Luo Zheng's soul. Except for Luo Zheng, no one else could see it. It was impossible to guard against it!
Although he hadn't practiced the 《Soul-Frightening Stab》 for a long time, this stab could only attack within a distance of about one meter. It was far from the "within a kilometer, it's impossible to guard against" recorded in the Cultivation Method. But now he had comprehended the "realm of selflessness" and opened a bridge to cross the river. The following road would be easier.
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Originally, he was a little worried about the competition in the arena three days later. But now, he was looking forward to it.
Three days passed in the blink of an eye.
In the Xiao Yufeng School, going to the arena had always attracted a lot of attention.
In the arena, one could observe the real battle and experience things that were difficult to experience through ordinary cultivation.
Many Outer Sect disciples were able to make breakthroughs only after they had gained some insights from observing and comprehending their own mental cultivation methods.
In the boring cultivation life, this kind of arena competition, which was full of gratitude and grudges, was quite enjoyable.
Not to mention that this battle was between a Viscera Refining Stage and a half-step Xiantian Stage!
If the half-step Xiantian Stage Xu Lie was a lion, then the Viscera Refining Stage Luo Zheng was like a mouse. The two were not on the same level at all.
Most people asserted that the duration of the battle would be very short. The result was needless to say. Xu Lie would definitely one-sided slaughter Luo Zheng.
Xu Lie and his group had arrived at the arena early and were waiting there.
Today, there was an additional middle-aged man beside Xu Lie.
The middle-aged man wore a square headscarf on his head and was dressed in gray cotton clothes. He looked like a servant.
But when the many outer disciples in the Xiao Yufeng School saw the Eight Trigrams pattern embroidered on the middle-aged man's gray cotton clothes, no one dared to look down on him.
The Eight Trigrams pattern was the emblem of one of the Seven Noble Families, the Family Zhuge.
Although this person looked like a servant, he still came from the Family Zhuge. The Seven Noble Families were famous giants in the entire empire. They weren't something that an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect could look down on.
"Our family's young master said that this person must die today, no matter the price." The servant's tone was not ambiguous. Even when facing the half-step Xiantian Stage Xu Lie, his face was full of arrogance. He didn't put Xu Lie in his eyes at all.
Cultivators who were able to step into the half-step Xiantian Stage would more or less have some pride in their hearts. But even though he was unhappy, Xu Lie's future path still depended on the "young master" that the servant spoke of. Therefore, he suppressed his temper and nodded, "This is inevitable. On the arena, fists and feet don't matter. He, a mere Viscera Refining Stage cultivator, dares to accept my challenge. He is already dead without a doubt."
The servant nodded, "That's good. Haven't you always wanted to be promoted to an inner disciple? The young master said that after today's matter is settled, you will be transferred to Black Rock Peak next month and become an inner disciple! "
Hearing the servant's words, Xu Lie was immediately overjoyed. He quickly said, "Then I'll thank the young master first."
Wanting to become an inner disciple was an extremely easy matter for a descendant of a noble family. But for Xu Lie, who was born from the grassroots, it was extremely difficult.
Xu Lie had already been in Xiao Yufeng for more than five years. In these five years, his strength had greatly improved and he had wholeheartedly wanted to become an inner disciple.
No matter which peak it was, the difference in treatment between an inner disciple and an outer disciple was extremely large. As long as one became an inner disciple, the medicinal pills used for cultivation, various kinds of monthly allowance, and the cultivation space provided would all have a significant increase.
However, if one wanted to become an inner disciple, one had to stand out among tens of thousands of outer disciples. Although Xu Lie's strength was good and he was ranked 30th in Xiao Yufeng's outer disciples, every time he competed for an inner disciple's position, he would fall short.
After waiting for five years, Xu Lie's patience had finally been exhausted. Now, someone wanted him to kill Luo Zheng and he could be transferred to the second ranked Black Rock Peak. Moreover, he could be promoted to an inner disciple of Black Rock Peak. This was definitely a huge temptation.
It was impossible for Xu Lie not to be tempted.
As for Luo Zheng, who had just entered Xiao Yufeng, his life was just a stepping stone for his own future. Who would care about it?
Thinking that he would soon be promoted, Xu Lie's face couldn't help but reveal a trace of excitement.
After waiting here for half an hour, the impatient Xu Lie felt that time was passing too slowly. At the same time, doubts arose in his heart. That kid wouldn't regret accepting the challenge, right?
The people who were waiting here to watch the fight were also discussing spiritedly.
Xiao Yufeng's outer disciples were a large group. Everyone's reputation was very important. If Luo Zheng agreed and then went back on his word, it would be a considerable blow to his reputation.
"This Luo Zheng probably doesn't dare to come. He said big words, but he backed out at the last minute. This kind of person is doomed to have no future!"
"Let's go, let's go. There's nothing to see. If we have time, we might as well use it to cultivate. I knew that our Xiao Yufeng had another good-for-nothing!"
After an hour, many people had lost their patience and were preparing to leave.
Xu Lie was originally an impatient person. After waiting for a long time, Luo Zheng still hadn't come. Xu Lie was very impatient.
"Xu Lie, you said that Luo Zheng would accept the challenge today. Why hasn't he appeared yet?" The Family Zhuge servant asked.
Xu Lie smiled and said, "Don't worry, Steward Zhu. That kid wouldn't dare to not come!"
Steward Zhu coldly snorted and said, "That's good. I hope you won't waste my time and disappoint my family's young master."
"I wouldn't dare!" Xu Lie was just speaking when he saw Luo Zheng's figure flash and stride over from the door.
＝＝＝＝＝