The lightning on Xu Lie's body gradually disappeared, and his Zhen Qi also gradually dissipated. At the same time, his body also underwent some changes.
Some wrinkles unexpectedly appeared on his face, and a lot of white hair appeared on his head. Xu Lie, who was originally in his twenties, now looked as old as a thirty-four-year-old man.
"This Rushing Thunder Sacred Body is incomparably tyrannical, but the backlash is actually so terrifying." Seeing the changes in Xu Lie's body, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
Around the stage, most people looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of fear in their eyes.
This brat had just entered the Xiao Yufeng, and in less than a month, he had actually defeated Xu Lie, who was ranked thirtieth in the outer court. This kind of unbelievable thing had indeed happened in front of everyone's eyes.
Moreover, it was said that Luo Zheng was only in the Viscera Refinement Stage.
In time, after entering the Marrow Refinement Stage and reaching half-step Xiantian, wouldn't he be able to challenge Xiantian Secret Stage experts?
Everyone unanimously made this assumption in their hearts.
Whether this assumption was true or not, it was an established fact that Luo Zheng's strength far exceeded those of the same stage.
Seeing Xu Lie lose, He Bing suddenly reached out and shouted at Mo Can, "Give it to me!"
It turned out that during the bet, He Bing's high-grade profound artifact "Zi Qing Sword" and Luo Zheng's hundred square crystals were all given to Mo Can. At that time, He Bing thought that Xu Lie wouldn't lose no matter what, so he lent the Zi Qing Sword to Xu Lie as a bet.
After all, from He Bing's point of view, the risk of this bet was not great. He could earn fifty square crystals just by selling his Azulet sword. He would be an idiot if he didn't take advantage of such a good deal.
The result was so unexpected. Xu Lie actually lost to that brat Luo Zheng.
At this moment, He Bing couldn't care less about his face. He naturally wanted to take back the Zi Qing Sword first.
Mo Can saw that He Bing wanted the Zi Qing Sword back, and his expression was a bit nervous. He took two steps back and said, "Isn't this the bet? Since Xu Lie has lost, this Upper Grade Profound Artifact naturally belongs to Brother Luo Zheng. "
"This is mine. I'm just lending it to Xu Lie. I don't care if you win or lose!" A High Grade Profound Armament was an extremely precious item to an Outer Sect Disciple. At this moment, He Bing didn't want to reason with him.
Luo Zheng suddenly took two steps forward, grabbed the "Zi Qing Sword" and said coldly, "I won this from Xu Lie. If you want it, go ask Xu Lie!"
"But this Zi Qing sword …" He Bing was a little anxious.
However, Luo Zheng stared coldly at He Bing and said, "If you don't agree, we can meet in the arena!"
Luo Zheng's words immediately shut He Bing up.
He Bing's strength was not weak. She was ranked thirty-fifth among the outer disciples.
However, even Xu Lie, who was ranked 30th, was defeated by Luo Zheng. How could Xu Lie be Luo Zheng's opponent?
Therefore, He Bing could only choose to shut up. His debt could only be settled by Xu Lie.
Manager Zhu, who had been watching the battle, saw Xu Lie lose. He shook his head and softly cursed, "Trash." Then, he turned around and was about to leave.
However, a sword shadow shot out and stabbed into the ground in front of Manager Zhu. That sword was the Zi Qing Sword. The sword body violently swayed in front of Manager Zhu, blocking his path.
"This Xu Lie challenged me. Was it you who instigated him?" Luo Zheng walked over and coldly stared at Manager Zhu.
Manager Zhu's face revealed a slight smile, "So what if it was? Who can't escape death after offending my Family Zhuge? If my Young Master wants you to die, you will naturally die. I advise you to quickly write down your last words and prepare for your funeral. Otherwise, you will die too hastily and won't have time to prepare! "
"Family Zhuge? Who are you in the Family Zhuge? "Luo Zheng asked again.
"Me?" The fat on Manager Zhu's face trembled twice. His smile became wider, "I am the personal servant of the Third Young Master Zhuge."
"The Third Young Master Zhuge? So it's the Third Young Master Zhuge who wants to interfere in this matter! "
"When did this Luo Zheng offend the Family Zhuge? Why did he have to offend that madman! "
Obviously, many people present had heard of the Third Young Master Zhuge.
The Third Young Master Zhuge's original name was Zhuge Feng. He was the third child of the Family Zhuge and was nicknamed the "Third Madman."
The reason why he got this nickname was because Zhuge Feng's actions were ruthless and strange. He was extremely crazy and arrogant. Therefore, he got the nickname "Third Madman."
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange look, "The personal servant of the Third Young Master Zhuge, what a great reputation! How impressive! You actually dared to instigate internal strife in the Xiao Yufeng. You have guts! "
In the Xiao Yufeng, there had always been a lot of internal strife. However, these strife were all internal affairs of the Xiao Yufeng.
Once it involved the matters of the other peaks, the entire Xiao Yufeng would immediately become an iron plate. In fact, the 33 peaks of Qingyun Peak were all like this. Everyone had countless conflicts behind closed doors. However, once it involved the people of the other peaks, they would immediately become incomparably united.
This Manager Zhu had instigated Xu Lie to make trouble for Luo Zheng, which could be considered a taboo.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng said these words, he pushed Manager Zhu to the heart of the struggle.
At this moment, the expressions of the onlookers also became unfriendly.
Everyone had the same thought. Even if our Xiao Yufeng was the last of the 33 peaks, it was not up to an outsider like you to criticize us.
Zhuge Feng's strength was indeed powerful, and his Family Zhuge was also a big shot.
However, because of these, our Xiao Yufeng people deserved to be ridden on top of our heads? Moreover, this person in front of them was only a servant by Zhuge Feng's side!
At this moment, Manager Zhu was very calm and composed. In his mind, these outer sect disciples were a bunch of mobs. When they heard Zhuge Feng's name, they should all be scared to the point of kneeling down. He sneered and said, "So what if I have the guts? I've already done so today. What do you want? "
"What do I want?" Luo Zheng turned his head and found Zhou Xian in the crowd. He immediately asked loudly, "Zhou Xian, do you need to take responsibility for teaching this kind of person a lesson?"
Zhou Xian walked out from the crowd and glanced at Manager Zhu. He then said, "This person is only a servant who lives here. He is not a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Moreover, he instigated the people of Xiao Yufeng to fight amongst themselves. Of course, we need to teach him a lesson. Even the teachers will support us!"
After listening to Zhou Xian, Luo Zheng's face hung a smile. He slowly walked towards Manager Zhu and said, "Very good!"
"You, what do you want to do?" After realizing that Luo Zheng wanted to make a move, Manager Zhu took a few steps back and shouted with a sharp voice, "I am the personal servant of Third Young Master Zhuge. If you dare to make a move on me, Third Young Master Zhuge will, will …"
Before Manager Zhu finished speaking, Luo Zheng's hand had already reached out like lightning. He twisted Manager Zhu's fat neck and pressed his neck against the blade of Zi Qing's sword. He then stepped on Manager Zhu's back and said, "If I make a move on you, what will your Third Young Master do to me?"
The blade of Zi Qing's sword was pressed against Manager Zhu's neck. As long as Luo Zheng exerted a bit more strength, Manager Zhu's head would be separated from his body.
Manager Zhu's face was red. He let out a squeal like a pig being slaughtered. How could he still speak?
But at this moment, an Outer Sect Disciple came forward. He reached out and pinched the blade of Zi Qing's sword with two fingers.
"Luo Zheng, this person is Third Young Master Zhuge's servant. If you really kill him, I'm afraid it will be difficult to explain to Third Young Master Zhuge. With the Family Zhuge's strength, you can't afford to offend them." The Outer Sect Disciple's skin was dark. He wasn't tall, but his body looked very sturdy.
Luo Zheng actually didn't have the intention to kill Manager Zhu. It was just that this person came to Xiao Yufeng to instigate Xu Lie to deal with him. After he defeated Xu Lie, he still dared to be so arrogant. This kind of person must be taught a profound lesson.
But as soon as the person in front of him appeared, the situation changed again.
"What does it have to do with me whether Third Young Master Zhuge has an explanation or not?" He stared at the Outer Sect Disciple and said coldly. This person's words sounded like he was on his side, but in reality, he was using the Family Zhuge to pressure him.
Before that person could answer, Manager Zhu, who was at Luo Zheng's feet, howled again. "Cao Lei, help me kill him. Kill this Luo Zheng. Third Young Master Zhuge will remember you!"
Cao Lei was ranked 15th in Xiao Yufeng's Outer Sect. Although he was only a Half-step Xiantian, his strength was much stronger than Xu Lie's. Although this person couldn't get close to someone like Zhuge Feng, he had a very good relationship with a few collateral disciples of the Family Zhuge.
At this moment, Cao Lei's purpose of making a move was to give some face to Zhuge Feng.
"Luo Zheng, I respect you for being able to defeat Xu Lie as a newcomer. That's why I'm advising you nicely. Don't refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit." Seeing that his words didn't have any effect and Luo Zheng was so stiff, Cao Lei's tone suddenly became tough.
"Is that so? What forfeit or toast? I don't like to talk nonsense. If you don't agree, we'll meet in the arena. "In this situation, he didn't give in at all.
"Don't fight in the arena all day long. It's not good to fight and kill. I think it's better if each of you take a step back." At this moment, another person walked over. This person was fat, had a round face, and was smiling wholeheartedly.
"Zhang Wuxian, you're here to meddle in other people's business again?" Seeing that fatty, Cao Lei's face suddenly darkened.
Fatty Zhang Wuxian was ranked 7th in the Outer Sect Disciples. Among the tens of thousands of Outer Sect Disciples, he was definitely a top existence. He revealed two canine teeth and smiled. "Meddle in other people's business? Cao Lei, I know you have a good relationship with the Family Zhuge, but you shouldn't have stood out today. This kind of servant is spoiled and arrogant. He thinks that just because he's a servant of the Family Zhuge, he can see everything. Little does he know that even if he's a servant of the Imperial Family, he's still a servant! In my opinion, killing him is too serious, but letting him go like this definitely won't do. How about this, Brother Luo Zheng, you use your fists to teach him a lesson! It's good for each of us to take a step back in this matter! "
This fatty was really interesting. Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. Although Fatty Zhang Wuxian's words seemed to be impartial, discerning people could see at a glance that he was taking sides. Most people understood that Luo Zheng wouldn't kill Steward Zhu on the spot, but a violent beating was unavoidable.
In the end, Zhang Wuxian still let him beat him up, but it sounded like both sides were taking a step back.
Seeing this, Cao Lei could only clench his teeth and retreat.
The strength that Luo Zheng had just displayed had already made Cao Lei somewhat afraid. Now, with Zhang Wuxian meddling in other people's business, he couldn't guarantee Steward Zhu's safety.
"Brother Luo Zheng, now you can 'teach' Steward Zhu a lesson," Zhang Wuxian said with a smile. He especially emphasized the word 'teach'.
Luo Zheng nodded and grabbed the back of Steward Zhu's neck. At this moment, Steward Zhu suddenly became ruthless. His eyes were red: "Luo Zheng, if you have the guts, beat me to death. Third Young Master Zhu will definitely exterminate your entire family and burn your bones to ashes!"
Luo Zheng shook his head. These guys kept repeating the same lines over and over again. There was no creativity at all. Then, he flipped his palm and gave two slaps. Then, he slapped Steward Zhu's chest and sent him flying and rolling on the ground.
Seeing this, everyone's faces showed surprise. They felt that Luo Zheng was too gentle.
Steward Zhu still got up from the ground, cursing and swearing. He didn't seem to have suffered too much damage. However, as soon as he stood up, a dull explosion sounded from his body.
"Pu pu pu …"
From his hands and feet, a bloody hole spurted out. Then, he fell to the ground with his head back, motionless like a dead pig.
"What a good move!"
"This kind of idiot deserves it. How dare he cause trouble in our Xiao Yufeng? He's simply tired of living!"
A few people praised loudly, but most people were still somewhat silent and didn't echo. They knew very well that this matter was difficult to resolve. Family Zhuge's Third Madman wasn't a reasonable person. This Luo Zheng seemed to have no one to rely on. No one could protect him. They believed that he wouldn't be able to stay in Xiao Yufeng for long …
"Aren't you afraid that you've offended Family Zhuge?" Zhang Wuxian asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "I've offended too many people. There's no need to think so much."
"Good! Bold enough! To become a great hero, the most important thing is courage. Let's go and have a drink? "Zhang Wuxian suggested.
Luo Zheng didn't say much. He dragged Mo Can and Zhou Xian and went to drink with Zhang Wuxian.
In a small building not far away, Su Lingyun breathed a sigh of relief. This Luo Zheng was indeed not easy to deal with. Not only did he beat Xu Lie to the ground, but he also didn't give Family Zhuge the slightest bit of face.
This was also good. Only under great pressure could one make rapid progress.
What if Family Zhuge really wanted to use harsh means against Luo Zheng?
Su Lingyun thought for a moment. Her big eyes blinked twice. When the time came, she would appear. That Family Zhuge's Madame Qiushan still owed her a favor!
＝＝＝＝＝