Facing six blade insect leaders at once, even an expert of the Xiantian Secret Realm would feel a little flustered.
Whether it was in terms of speed or strength, the blade insect leaders were far more powerful than ordinary blade insects, but these were not the most frightening. The most frightening thing about them was the poison on their spikes.
In the desert, there was a kind of poisonous scorpion whose stinger would cause any creature to fall down and die on the spot. In the forest, there was a kind of butterfly that looked like a ghost face. The poisonous powder of this ghost face butterfly could turn a radius of several miles into a land of death.
In the face of these poisonous creatures, experts of the Xiantian Secret Realm were generally not too afraid, because the existence of Zhen Yuan allowed them to quickly isolate the poison from their bodies, making it difficult for the poison to invade their bodies.
However, the poison of the blade insect leaders would not kill, but it would produce a severe paralyzing effect. Moreover, this kind of poison ignored the isolation of Zhen Yuan and directly penetrated into the human body. Even experts of the Xiantian Secret Realm would be unable to move after being poisoned.
Therefore, when facing the blade insect leaders, everyone would be very careful, fearing that they would be accidentally poisoned and be paralyzed and unable to move. At that time, they could only become food in the blade insect's mouth.
Others were afraid of the poison of the blade insect leaders, but Luo Zheng was not afraid at all.
His body was a Xuan Weapon Body. To put it bluntly, it was a high-grade Xuan Weapon. A weapon would not be afraid of any poison.
Luo Zheng rushed up alone. Although it was a little reckless, he was actually well prepared.
At the same time he jumped high, a ring was fastened to Luo Zheng's hand. It was a pair of copper rings given to him by Mentor Su. There was an invisible chain between the copper rings, and the other copper ring was fastened to the broken throwing knife.
The six blade insect leaders in front of him surrounded Luo Zheng in a fan shape. At the same time, they emitted a sharp whistle from their mouths, and the purple poisonous stingers on their bodies suddenly shot toward Luo Zheng.
In the face of the poisonous stingers that everyone could not avoid, Luo Zheng did not dodge. He let these poisonous stingers hit his body, and then suddenly threw out the broken throwing knife in his hand.
Whoosh!
At the same time, Luo Zheng pulled hard on the ring in his hand, and the broken throwing knife immediately swung in a circle around him.
The broken throwing knife was extremely sharp. It drew a circle and just happened to cut across the heads of the six blade insect leaders. Then, Luo Zheng's leap was exhausted, and he landed lightly on the ground.
In the air, the six blade insect leaders maintained their original flight for a while before their heads separated from their bodies. The six blade insects that had lost their bodies fell from the air and heavily hit the ground.
The six blade insect leaders instantly died...
"Beautiful! Brother Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan of Luo Zheng's eyes.....
. He Luo Zheng...... Of the blade insect leader's Luo... of the blade insect leader Luo Luo Zheng..... Luo Zheng....... Luo of of Luo Zheng of Luo Zheng....
. Luo Zheng.... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng... Luo Zheng...
... Luo Zheng was hit by more than just one poisonous stinger.
Those poisonous stingers rained down on Luo Zheng's body. Let alone a human, even an elephant would be paralyzed and unable to move.
But looking at Luo Zheng's lively appearance, how could he be poisoned at all?
"Is this kid still human?" Lu Xiao couldn't help but sigh.
Meng Changjun stood in place with his sword in hand. Although he had a rough estimate of Luo Zheng's performance, Luo Zheng's performance still exceeded his expectations.
"Originally, I thought it was too boring to stay in the Blue Cloud Sect, so I came out for a walk. I didn't expect to meet such an interesting guy." Meng Changjun smiled. This kind of enchanting talent had a limitless future. As long as he didn't die prematurely, he would become an overlord.
However, there was no need to deliberately rope him in. If this kid had trouble in the future, he might be able to help him. Thinking of this, he unsheathed his sword and faced the wave of blade insects.
At this moment, this large wave of blade insects swept over, and everyone began a new round of hunting.
Luo Zheng... His whole body was shrouded in purple qi. The more he fought, the braver he became.
A Saber Bug Leader's demon beast core was worth one point. Just now, he had killed six Saber Bug Leaders in one move, which was six points. This speed of accumulating points was much faster than killing ordinary Saber Bugs.
However, these blade insect leaders were different from blade insects.
They had intelligence. Since they had intelligence, they wouldn't be as fearless as ordinary blade insects.
When they discovered that Luo Zheng had killed six blade insect leaders in an instant, the remaining blade insect leaders scattered and avoided Luo Zheng. They also commanded more ordinary blade insects to pounce on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's hand was constantly waving. With the help of the strong centrifugal force, the broken throwing knives madly revolved around Luo Zheng.
"Huff huff huff …"
Dozens of blade insects rushed toward Luo Zheng. However, after Luo Zheng adjusted his direction, the dozens of blade insects were instantly cut in half by the spinning throwing knives. The broken limbs scattered on the ground. These blade insects, which made people's expressions change, were as weak as ants in front of Luo Zheng.
Soon, the blade insect corpses were piled up like a small mountain. Among the mountain of blade insect corpses, there were a few purple blade insect leaders from time to time.
This wave of blade insects was much more numerous than the previous ones. However, with Luo Zheng's "windmill" existence, the speed of killing them was actually a bit faster. After killing the dozens of blade insect leaders, the remaining small wave of blade insects actually began to retreat.
Luo Zheng didn't pursue. There was still a pile of blade insect corpses on the ground, waiting for him to dig up the spoils.
However, at this moment, Lu Xiao saw the blade insects flying back. His face was full of doubt, but after thinking of a certain possibility, his expression suddenly changed.
"Not good! Everyone, retreat! "Lu Xiao suddenly shouted.
Luo Zheng was using the broken throwing knives to pick out the crystal cores from the blade insect leader's chest. Hearing Lu Xiao's words, he asked in puzzlement, "Why should we retreat?"
"Those ordinary blade insects are actually running back. Nearby … there must be …" Lu Xiao's face was deathly pale.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng saw that Lu Xiao was frightened and realized the seriousness of the problem.
"Blade Insect … Queen Mother," Lu Xiao said these three words, his throat gurgling.
Lu Xiao had been in Dragon Castle for many years and was very clear about the habits of blade insects. Whether it was the blade insect leader or the ordinary blade insects, they were all under the command of the blade insect queen. Although the blade insect leader had the ability to think independently, the real commander of the blade insect army was the blade insect queen.
Because blade insects didn't have the ability to think, every blade insect was a fearless death warrior. Even in the face of a powerful enemy, they would rush forward without hesitation. Therefore, under normal circumstances, blade insects wouldn't have the concept of retreating or running away.
From this point of view, they were natural fighters.
However, once the blade insect retreated, it meant that there must be a call from the blade insect queen nearby.
The Blade Insect Queen was the emperor of the blade insects. All of the blade insect armies were produced by the Blade Insect Queen. Even a Xiantian Realm expert would have to flee if they saw the Blade Insect Queen. Only a higher level expert would have the power to fight the Blade Insect Queen.
If a blade insect queen appeared at this time, everyone present would die.
This was the root of Lu Xiao's fear. At the same time, he was also very puzzled.
It was reasonable to say that the daily tasks assigned to the Supreme Army by Dragon Castle wouldn't be too risky.
Although the blade insect queen was powerful, there were countless experts in Dragon Castle. For example, the famous "Flying Dragon General" in Dragon Castle had personally killed several blade insect queens.
The Supreme Army's investigation work was very good. Under normal circumstances, they wouldn't assign such a dangerous task to the Qinglan Squad.
However, it didn't make sense to send the Qinglan Squad to such a dangerous area today. Unless someone wanted the Qinglan Squad to die!
Although he thought so, Lu Xiao didn't voice the doubts in his heart. At this moment, he only wanted to take his Qinglan Squad and retreat quickly.
Everyone couldn't be bothered to dig for crystal cores. They put down their work and quickly left the place.
However, just as everyone turned around, they felt a tremor coming from the ground.
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
It was the sound of a behemoth walking.
The sound was getting louder and louder. The tremor on the ground was getting stronger. This meant that this powerful creature was rapidly approaching.
Everyone's hearts began to sink. Lu Xiao was right. There really was a blade insect queen nearby.
However, a human's desire to live was infinite. Although they knew it would be difficult to escape, everyone still ran.
Luo Zheng maintained a uniform speed and followed behind Meng Changjun. The four disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were also secretly complaining at this time.
The probability of encountering a blade insect queen was very low in such a large area outside Dragon Castle. Even if a blade insect queen occasionally left its nest, it would be quickly killed by the experts in Dragon Castle. However, they encountered it today …
Just as everyone passed through a forest, a huge red blade suddenly appeared in front of them.
The red blade neatly cut through the forest. At the same time, it also cut through the dozens of soldiers at the very front.
"Ah!"
The dozen or so landowning households were cut in two. They only had time to let out a scream before they were quickly devoured by the ordinary blade insects lurking in the surroundings.
Luo Zheng and the Green Mist Squad quickly came to a halt. In front of them, a sixty to seventy foot tall Saber Insect Queen was blocking their path. The Saber Insect Queen's entire body was bright red, and its two huge blades were constantly grinding against each other. Its huge compound eyes were firmly locked onto the group.
Being stared at by such a huge creature, Luo Zheng immediately felt his hair stand on end. There was only one thought left in his mind. Run!
Even under such circumstances, Lu Xiao didn't give up easily. At this moment, his quality as an imperial army was clearly visible. "Go to the side, as many as you can! Everyone run! "
As soon as Lu Xiao's voice fell, the Blade Bug Queen's huge body moved again. Although it was huge, its speed was shockingly fast. It nimbly sealed off the side of the tunnel, and the two giant blades once again slashed towards the group.
In the face of this giant blade, Luo Zheng jumped up at the critical moment, barely avoiding the blade's horizontal cut and rolling over the piece of land.
The others weren't so lucky. Another seven or eight soldiers were cut in two by the blade insect queen's blade.
Yang Tai was originally standing behind the landowning households. Seeing the huge blade cutting towards him, it was too late for him to dodge. Yang Tai's face showed a desperate and determined expression. At the last moment, he gathered all the strength in his body, and his whole body shone with a golden light.
This half-step Xiantian master's strength couldn't be underestimated when his life was hanging by a thread.
"Boom!"
Yang Tai used all the strength in his life to blast the golden light in his hand onto the huge blade.
His tyrannical strength could only block the blade insect queen for a moment, and then the blade mercilessly cut Yang Tai in two. It was extremely tragic.
＝＝＝＝＝