The scene in the small courtyard was extremely strange.
The Xiantian secret realm was divided into ten levels and the gap between each level was huge.
For example, Meng Changjun and the Twin Ghosts of Black and White had just stepped into the Xiantian secret realm and were at Xiantian Realm Stage One.
Xiantian experts were able to condense their inner Yuan and use it as a weapon to kill people without them noticing.
As for He Tiancheng and Gou Hantian, they were the cream of the crop in the Imperial Army and had already reached Xiantian Realm Stage Four. Experts who had reached this level were very skilled and experienced in controlling their inner Yuan.
He Tiancheng's strength was much stronger than Meng Changjun and the Twin Ghosts of Black and White.
Moreover, he had also comprehended "Intent". His Intent of Extreme Cold could silently cause frostbite to the opponent's soul!
Gou Hantian's mouth trembled. He was willing to help because he wanted to give Meng Changjun some face. Otherwise, he wouldn't have offended He Tiancheng. His strength was on par with He Tiancheng, but He Tiancheng had comprehended 'frost intent'. In a battle with He Tiancheng, he had to be wary of his' intent '. He was a very troublesome opponent.
But what happened just now?
If he wasn't wrong, the junior that Meng Changjun brought wasn't even at the Half-step Xiantian Realm. A little fellow at the Marrow Refining Realm couldn't even release his inner Yuan, not to mention his inner Yuan …
Such a little fellow actually berated He Tiancheng. What was' displaying one's slight skill in front of an expert '? What was' asking for humiliation '?
Moreover, this little fellow didn't just say it out of impulse. He really did it!
Gou Hantian saw it with his own eyes. He Tiancheng's extreme frost intent didn't cause any trouble to Luo Zheng. Instead, Luo Zheng's cold snort made He Tiancheng hold his head and cry out in pain!
How did he do it?
Gou Hantian felt that his brain wasn't enough.
Cao Lei's mouth was so wide open that it could fit a large wok. Although He Tiancheng had never displayed his strength in front of them, he could feel that He Tiancheng's strength was astonishing from the faint pressure he emitted during their normal interactions. He was definitely much stronger than the Black White Double Ghosts.
If it wasn't for Third Young Master Zhuge, people like He Tiancheng wasn't someone they could associate with.
But just now …
Luo Zheng's cold snort was enough to cause He Tiancheng so much pain. What was going on?
Compared to other people, Cao Lei was more clear about Luo Zheng's background. He was a guy who was born in the grassroots and had just joined Xiao Yufeng for a few days. He had once defeated Yang Lie from Xiao Yufeng with a little bit of luck.
It was precisely because he knew Luo Zheng's background that he felt even more shocked at this moment!
Within Meng Changjun's eyes, a flame rose.
Meng Changjun had always felt that he had a unique vision and was very accurate in judging people. He felt that he had a clear understanding of Luo Zheng's strength. Although Luo Zheng was only at the Refining Marrow level, but even if he was at the Xiantian first stage, he would still have the strength to fight.
This evaluation was already quite high.
Meng Changjun believed in his own judgment, but if he told others, they would definitely not believe him.
But at this moment, Meng Changjun realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng.
How many secrets does this Luo Zheng have? How many trump cards does he have?
This was naturally a mystery. No one would expose all of their trump cards to the other, unless it was a close relative. Of course, Meng Changjun would not ask.
However, it seemed that his decision to help Luo Zheng was very correct.
Perhaps in the near future, the Meng family of Wang Chuan would really need this abnormal guy!
He Tiancheng felt that his head was about to split open. Just now, he felt a sharp thorn ruthlessly piercing a hole in his soul. This kind of soul level pain was difficult to describe with words.
Fortunately, the soul was originally a special form. After a hole was pierced in the soul, it would slowly repair itself. It was just that his head felt as if it had split open, causing him great pain.
What made him even more painful was that in front of so many people, he had actually been tricked by a Refining Marrow level junior!
When Gou Hantian saw this scene, he was afraid that he would wantonly spread it throughout the barracks! Today, he had lost all of his face.
This brat, he must kill him!
He Tiancheng slowly stood up from the ground. His entire body was surging with True Essence. The temperature of the entire small courtyard suddenly dropped by dozens of degrees. It was clearly a hot summer day, but at this moment, it made people feel gloomy and cold!
"Brat, even if you want to die, you should use a simpler method. You will definitely regret provoking me, because I will make you die very unhappy!" He Tiancheng said slowly. That enormous aura was like an avalanche as it pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Facing He Tiancheng, Luo Zheng's body immediately tensed up. That aura was like a huge iceberg. If it fell down, it could crush him into pieces. This brat's strength was too strong. He was definitely not an ordinary Xiantian expert!
"Gou Hantian?" At this moment, Meng Changjun gave a meaningful glance.
How could Gou Hantian not understand the young master's meaning? He took a step forward and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. He said in a low voice, "Old He, you are so calculative with a junior. Do you have any shame?"
"Old Gou, get out of my way. I will definitely take this brat's life!" If it was under normal circumstances, He Tiancheng might still have some misgivings about Gou Hantian. But now, he was on the verge of exploding with rage. He only wanted to tear Luo Zheng into two pieces.
"Old He, do you really think that you can act recklessly just because you have the protection of Old Third from the Family Zhuge?" Gou Hantian's face sank. It seemed that He Tiancheng did not want to give him any face today.
"So what? Do you want to fight with me? " He Tiancheng clenched his fist. White frost condensed around his hand, emitting a dense chill. That was He Tiancheng's True Essence.
"Do you think I am afraid of you?" Gou Hantian did not relent when facing the furious He Tiancheng.
Seeing that the two were about to fight, Meng Changjun, who was at the side, became impatient.
"I am not in the mood to watch the two of you fight. I only want you to let Lu Xiao go. Gou Hantian, if you can't handle it, I will go find my uncle, "Meng Changjun said with a face full of displeasure. He originally thought that this matter could be handled by Gou Hantian. He did not expect that the other party would be so shameless. Then, don't blame him.
Hearing that Meng Changjun was going to find his uncle, Gou Hantian's face suddenly changed. If Meng Changjun really went to find his uncle, this matter would be blown out of proportion. This was something that Gou Hantian did not want to see. He quickly said, "Young Master, there is no need to disturb him for such a small matter."
Meng Changjun shrugged and pointed at the current situation, "The other party does not want to let him go. Do you have a way?"
Gou Hantian turned his head and said to He Tiancheng, "Did you hear that? My Young Master said that if you don't let him go, he will go find General Fei Long. At that time, I am afraid that you will not be able to bear the consequences!"
General Fei Long was one of the two deputy commanders in the Dragon Castle. He was the most famous general in the Imperial Army. His strength was unfathomable. He was known as the stabilizing force of the Dragon Castle!
"He … knows General Fei Long?" He Tiancheng revealed a fearful expression, but at the same time, he was somewhat suspicious.
If the other party could really bring out General Fei Long, He Tiancheng would naturally let him go without saying anything. However, He Tiancheng was also someone who had climbed out of a mountain of swords and a sea of flames. He should not be frightened by a single sentence.
"Whether I know him or not, won't you know once you try?" Meng Changjun said indifferently. Facing He Tiancheng who was much stronger than him, he was even more indifferent than Luo Zheng. This was a kind of aura that only a person born in a superior position would have. Only a descendant of a landowning household would have this kind of aura.
"This is the young master of the Meng Family of Wang Chuan. As for whether he knows General Fei Long or not, you can consider it yourself!" Gou Hantian sneered.
Hearing the Meng Family of Wang Chuan, He Tiancheng finally understood. He had been wondering why this Gou Hantian had the guts to go against the Family Zhuge. It turned out that the Meng Family of Wang Chuan was behind him! Not only did they use their family to suppress him, they even brought out General Fei Long.
He Tiancheng was not a child. He knew how to judge the situation.
Although the Third Lunatic of the Family Zhuge was famous and was indeed a big backer, the Meng Family's master was right in front of him.
At this moment, he understood that there was no turning back. He glared fiercely at Luo Zheng, but he still looked somewhat unwilling.
Meng Changjun sneered and turned to leave.
Seeing this, He Tiancheng thought that if he and the Meng Family's young master really invited that great god, then he would be in trouble. He gritted his teeth and nodded. "Let him go! I will let Lu Xiao go! "
Meng Changjun turned his head with a face full of ridicule. "Very good. If you had done this earlier, why would you waste your breath?"
He Tiancheng did not utter a word. He just turned his head and ordered someone to bring Lu Xiao up.
Meng Changjun only said a few words and the domineering He Tiancheng was suppressed. Luo Zheng was also amazed. The descendants of landowning households were indeed powerful. They used their power to suppress others, making them unable to resist!
Luo Zheng himself did not have any power to borrow. He could only rely on his own strength and his fists.
But it did not matter. As long as he became stronger and climbed to the peak of martial arts, then he would have his own 'power'!
After He Tiancheng gave the order, Lu Xiao was brought up.
At this moment, Lu Xiao's body was full of scars. It looked like he had suffered a lot of whips. However, he was still in high spirits and had a calm expression. For a half-step Xiantian like him, these injuries were nothing.
When Lu Xiao saw Luo Zheng, he, like the others, revealed an expression as if he had seen a ghost!
"Brother, Luo Zheng, you are fine! You are still alive! "Lu Xiao said excitedly.
Brother Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Brother Lu Xiao, I am fine."
"That's great, that's great …" Lu Xiao muttered. During the time that Lu Xiao was captured, the most painful thing for him was not the whipping, but his dead brothers and Luo Zheng, who had lured the Blade Bug Queen away for him. He had been blaming himself. If he had not been careless and had not noticed that something was wrong with the marching route, they would not have died.
What Lu Xiao did not expect was that Luo Zheng would appear in front of him. How could Lu Xiao not be surprised? How could he not be happy?
"Brother Luo Zheng, I already know that the instigator of this matter is that old man He Tiancheng!" Lu Xiao changed the topic. He pointed at He Tiancheng's nose and scolded, "He Tiancheng, I, Lu Xiao, have no enmity with you, but you changed the marching route without permission and trapped my brothers in the Qinglan Unit in a desperate situation. I, Lu Xiao, will find an explanation regardless of whether I am dead or alive!"
＝＝＝＝＝