He Tiancheng was really depressed.
He already knew that Lu Xiao wouldn't let it go. Otherwise, Lu Xiao wouldn't have kicked up a fuss with him, and he wouldn't have locked Lu Xiao up.
Unfortunately, the young master of the Meng Family was helping him. For the sake of the third young master of the Family Zhuge, not only did he offend the young master of the Meng Family, but he also got himself into trouble.
However, it was too late for regrets now.
"Brother Lu Xiao, if there's anything, let's talk about it when we get back." Luo Zheng gave Lu Xiao a look and advised him.
Now that Lu Xiao had been rescued, other things needed to be discussed at length. Otherwise, it wouldn't be easy to force the other party to turn hostile.
Although Lu Xiao was stubborn, he was also clear about the situation. After hearing Luo Zheng's words, he glared at He Tiancheng and shut his mouth.
Then, Gou Hantian led everyone out of the small courtyard.
He Tiancheng stood in the small courtyard, upset. He glanced at Cao Lei, who was still there, and said angrily, "Didn't you say that Luo Zheng was just a nobody? Why does he have the support of the Meng Family?! "
If He Tiancheng had known about this earlier, he definitely wouldn't have bothered with this matter.
With He Tiancheng's bad temper, he really wanted to rush up and beat Cao Lei up now!
However, Cao Lei came to the Dragon Castle as a representative of the three young masters of the Zhuge Family. He didn't dare to offend Cao Lei too much because He Tiancheng had already offended the Meng Family of Wangchuan. If he didn't get on the good side of the third young master of the Zhuge Family, his situation would be even more difficult.
"This, this …" Cao Lei couldn't explain it. "That Luo Zheng is just a nobody. He doesn't have any backing in the Blue Cloud Sect. I also don't know how he got to know the people of the Meng Family …"
Cao Lei was also baffled. Why would the young master of the Meng Family help Luo Zheng?
He was very clear about the temperament of these nobles. If one wanted to mingle with them, one would either have to provide them with great benefits or become their dog. They would never treat one as a true friend!
However, this young master of the Meng Family was actually willing to stand up for Luo Zheng and protect him in all ways. What did this guy do to get on the Meng Family's good side? Cao Lei couldn't figure it out either.
Cao Lei, you idiot, you still want to ask someone else to do it. You want those blade insects to kill Luo Zheng. This time, they didn't kill that kid, and he came back alive. With your ability, the Third Young Master actually asked you to do something. What a joke! "Bai Sha complained.
"It's not too late now. As long as that brat leaves the Dragon Castle, we can kill him immediately," Hei Sha said sinisterly.
"You're right. Since we've already offended the Meng Family, then all the more reason for Luo Zheng to die. Otherwise, not only will we have to face the Meng Family, we'll also have to bear the wrath of the Third Young Master!" He Tiancheng said with a gloomy expression.
Cao Lei nodded, "In that case, do as Hei Sha said. When Luo Zheng walks out of the Dragon Castle, kill him completely."
Several people nodded at the same time, their eyes bursting with endless murderous intent.
They were very clear about the rules of dealing with the landowning households. If you were useful to the landowning households, then you would be able to obtain endless benefits from them. However, if you were useless, then you would be like a dog to the landowning households. Perhaps, the landowning households would personally slaughter you without the need for others to do anything.
… …
… …
After leaving the small courtyard, Gou Hantian sent Luo Zheng and the others out of the main camp. He warned, "You've offended He Tiancheng. In my opinion, they won't let it go. They'll definitely find an opportunity to make a move. I advise you to quickly leave the Dragon Castle and return to the Blue Cloud Sect."
Meng Changjun agreed with Gou Hantian's words, "Luo Zheng, since you've already obtained the crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen, you can exchange it for a lot of points. This trip has not been in vain. Can you go back now?"
"I'm just curious. How did you kill the Blade Insect Queen?" Before this, Gou Hantian had already heard the ins and outs of this matter. He knew that not only had Luo Zheng escaped from the Blade Bug Queen, but he had also obtained the Blade Bug Queen's crystal core. This matter was too strange.
With Gou Hantian's insight, he knew that Luo Zheng's strength was not ordinary. But even Gou Hantian himself was not a match for the Blade Insect Queen. He would rather die than believe that Luo Zheng could kill a Blade Insect Queen.
Faced with Gou Hantian's question, Luo Zheng smiled but did not say anything. Naturally, he would not answer. He could not tell him that the Blade Insect Queen was killed by the Fire Scorpion Lion. The crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen might not be worth their attention, but the crystal core of the Fire Scorpion Lion was not ordinary.
The crystal core of the Fire Scorpion was a top-grade material for refining pills. Even the seven major landowning households would not be able to remain calm in the face of the crystal core of the Fire Scorpion Lion. When they learned of the appearance of the Fire Scorpion Lion, they would definitely send people to hunt it down. If they found the corpses of the Fire Scorpion Lion and the Blade Insect Queen, they might speculate that the crystal core of the Fire Scorpion Lion was in Luo Zheng's hands. This was a huge hidden danger. Luo Zheng was not that stupid.
Thus, Luo Zheng changed the topic, "Meng Changjun, how many points can the crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen be exchanged for?"
Zhao Xuyong, who had been silent for a long time, coughed violently when he heard Luo Zheng suddenly ask such an idiotic question. "Cough, cough, Luo Zheng, you don't even know this?"
Luo Zheng shrugged, indicating that he really did not know. He had never thought that he would really have the crystal core of the Blade Insect Queen, so naturally he had not investigated it.
"A Blade Insect Queen's crystal core can be exchanged for a thousand points. It's a small sum." Meng Changjun smiled.
"Small sum …" Zhao Xuyong and Luo Zheng both suffered a huge blow when they heard this. A thousand points was basically equivalent to two thousand square crystals. In the entire Heaven Burning Empire, the number of families that possessed two thousand square crystals might not exceed fifty, and a large portion of them were landowning households …
However, in Meng Changjun's eyes, it was just a small sum of money. Luo Zheng and Zhao Xuyong couldn't help but sigh in admiration. Landowning households were all filthy rich after all.
"A thousand points is indeed quite a bit, but it's still not enough. I still need to stay here and earn more points." Luo Zheng looked forward and said.
Luo Zheng's initial goal was only a hundred points. He only needed to exchange for a ticket to enter Purgatory Mountain.
However, now, Luo Zheng changed his mind. He wanted to kill as many Blade Insects as he could to earn points.
Rescuing Luo Yan from Purgatory Mountain required over a million points. Meanwhile, what Luo Zheng accumulated right now was merely a thousandth of that amount.
Hunting Blade Insects, especially hunting Blade Insect Leaders, was a good opportunity for Luo Zheng to accumulate points. This insect tide normally only lasted two to three months. After this period, he could only wait until next year. That was why Luo Zheng did not want to waste this opportunity.
Meng Changjun and the others all gave Luo Zheng a look of shock. They didn't know what Luo Zheng needed so many points for. Exchange for pills? Exchange for secret manuals? Exchange for magical treasures and divine weapons? For the current Luo Zheng, a thousand points was already more than enough.
"So many points are still not enough? Then how many points are enough? "Zhao Xuyong asked in bewilderment.
Luo Zheng released a bitter laugh and said, "Probably over a million points."
When Zhao Xuyong heard this, he immediately coughed violently again.
Even Lu Xiao who knew very little about the Blue Cloud Sect was shocked by the million points. After all, Lu Xiao had come into contact with the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples before. He even knew that a Blade Insect Leader's crystal core could only be exchanged for a single point. This Luo Zheng actually wanted over a million points. This was equivalent to killing a million Blade Insect Leaders. This number … was too terrifying.
Only Meng Changjun was stunned. He began to think. What was Luo Zheng trying to do by needing over a million points?
A million points was equivalent to two million square crystals. Even for landowning households, this was a huge sum.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, the number of things that required over a million points could be counted on one's fingers.
Exchange for an immortal artifact?
That wasn't too likely. Luo Zheng couldn't display the power of an immortal artifact at his current stage, nor could he use an immortal artifact.
Walk the Blue Clouds Road once?
That was also impossible. Even though a million points could indeed make an exception and open the Blue Clouds Road once, with Luo Zheng's current strength, walking the Blue Clouds Road was completely courting death.
Fishing someone out of Purgatory Mountain?
Meng Changjun felt like his own deduction was already close to the truth.
There were quite a few people who were locked up in Purgatory Mountain during these two years, but most of them were locked up for three to five years.
A million points, that was also a thousand years …
Could it be her?
That almost monstrous girl was sentenced to face the wall in Purgatory Mountain for a thousand years. She was also surnamed Luo.
This Luo Zheng had the same surname as her. Their relationship was …
These million points were precisely to rescue her from Purgatory Mountain!
When he deduced up to this point, the result was already extremely clear. Meng Changjun was extremely confident in his own deduction.
Even though Meng Changjun didn't know her, as a core figure of the Meng Family, there was no way he wouldn't pay attention to the great matters that happened in the Blue Cloud Sect.
These siblings were both monstrous figures. Meng Changjun couldn't help but sigh. Only, it was a pity that she was born with humble roots, offending people everywhere. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been locked up in Purgatory Mountain.
This Luo Zheng's way of thinking was a bit too simple. Did he really think that just by accumulating a million points, he could rescue her from Purgatory Mountain?
The matters involved were far from that simple … If Luo Zheng really could accumulate a million points, if he really had the strength to bring Luo Yan out of Purgatory Mountain, then Forgotten River's Meng Family could also give him an appropriate push from behind.
However, strength was the prerequisite for everything. It all depended on whether or not Luo Zheng had this type of ability.
Thinking like this was one thing, Meng Changjun actually didn't realize that he still cared quite a bit about Luo Zheng. "Since you insist on staying behind to hunt the blade bugs, then you have to carefully deal with those people!"
"I will naturally pay attention to this. I still have to thank Meng Changjun for your help." Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Meng Changjun and thanked him.
Meng Changjun carried a faint smile. He patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and said, "There is no need for thanks. The sooner you accumulate a million points, the sooner you can bring her out of Purgatory Mountain!"
When he heard Meng Changjun's words, Luo Zheng immediately stared blankly. He only said a million points, yet he was able to deduce his objective just from this bit of information!