Smart people always stopped at a certain point in their conversation.
On the other hand, Zhao Xuyong was stunned. He didn't understand what Meng Changjun was talking about. He wanted to ask, but he realized that he couldn't get a word in, so he could only give up.
"When I return to the Blue Cloud Sect this time, I might need to cultivate in seclusion. If Brother Luo Zheng wants to find me, you can go directly to Wang You Peak," Meng Changjun said.
Wang You Peak was very powerful. It was ranked fourth among the 33 peaks of Qingyun Peak. Most of the disciples of the Meng family of Wangchuan were on this peak.
"So Meng Changjun is a disciple of Wang You Peak. When I return to the Blue Cloud Sect, I will definitely pay you a visit," Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng didn't have any intention of climbing up. He understood that if he wanted to establish himself in the world, it was useless to borrow other people's "influence." Under any circumstances, only one's own strength was the most reliable.
However, Meng Changjun was someone worthy of Luo Zheng's friendship.
After saying goodbye, Meng Changjun and Zhao Xuyong took the giant flying chariot back to the Blue Cloud Sect.
On the way back from the main camp, Lu Xiao didn't say anything.
Lu Xiao knew that Meng Changjun and Luo Zheng had put in a lot of effort to "fish" him out, and he was grateful for it.
However, when he thought of his dead brothers, how could he be in a good mood? As a centurion of the Emperor's army, Lu Xiao should be used to life and death situations. He had seen his own brothers die on the battlefield before, but he hadn't been so worried.
However, it was different this time. Those soldiers of the Qinglan Unit had died unjustly because of He Tiancheng's intentional actions!
He couldn't get rid of the anger in his heart.
Seeing He Tiancheng like this, Luo Zheng pulled him aside, "Let's go and have a drink first!"
In the tavern, Lu Xiao drank more than a dozen wine jars in one go. At his level, he had full control over his body. As long as he didn't want to get drunk, he wouldn't die.
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his wine glass and apologized, "Brother Lu Xiao, you don't know. This matter started because of me. I caused the death of your brothers. I'm really sorry."
At this moment, Luo Zheng still didn't know why He Tiancheng wanted to harm him. When he heard what He Tiancheng said, he asked curiously, "It's clearly He Tiancheng who harmed me. Why should Brother Luo Zheng apologize?"
"They didn't want to harm the Qinglan Squad. Their real target was me. Someone wanted me dead, so they had He Tiancheng change the route of the Qinglan Squad," Luo Zheng said.
The Qinglan Squad was indeed implicated by Luo Zheng. That was why they sacrificed nearly half of their soldiers for nothing. Luo Zheng felt very sorry for this. Lu Xiao clenched his fists.
Lu Xiao clenched his fists. He finally understood why He Tiancheng would harm the Qinglan Squad even though he had no enmity with him. He glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. After pondering for a while, his expression gradually relaxed. He sighed and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, don't take all the responsibility on yourself. Even if it's like what you said, the real villain is still He Tiancheng. He flouted the military rules, tampered with the military route without permission, and harmed my brother. Naturally, I'll take revenge on him!"
Luo Zheng drank the wine in his bowl and nodded, "This hatred must be avenged. I'm staying here to earn points, and it's also because of this!"
"Brother Luo Zheng, do you have a way?" Lu Xiao's eyes flashed.
Although he hated He Tiancheng so much that his teeth itched, He Tiancheng was his immediate superior. Secondly, He Tiancheng was too powerful. Lu Xiao could only look up to a Xiantian stage four expert. He simply had no way to deal with him.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I definitely have a way. I know these people's temperament very well. As long as I'm here, they will definitely give up. I'll wait for an opportunity … I'll completely exterminate them!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with coldness.
Luo Zheng's temperament was completely different from Meng Changjun's. Meng Changjun was born in a landowning household. He had too many things to consider and needed to weigh the benefits at all times.
However, Luo Zheng was a commoner with no one to rely on. He treated his friends and brothers without the slightest interest.
Although it had only been a few days, Luo Zheng understood what kind of people were worth befriending.
Luo Zheng had to take revenge for Lu Xiao. He also had to take revenge for Yang Tai. Facing these evil hands behind his back, Luo Zheng wanted to let them understand what a bloody lesson was.
In the next five days, Lu Xiao reorganized the Qinglan Squad and continued to go out of the city to hunt Blade Insects.
According to the rules above, half of the Blade Insect crystal cores hunted by the soldiers of the Emperor's Army had to be handed over. However, Lu Xiao had a lot of discretion on this point. He gave almost 90% of the Blade Insect crystal cores hunted by the Qinglan Squad to Luo Zheng.
Lu Xiao's command, coupled with Luo Zheng's use of broken flying daggers, made the entire process of hunting the Saber Insects very smooth.
In these five days, Luo Zheng's harvest was quite bountiful.
In addition to the Blade Insect crystal cores he had accumulated before, Luo Zheng had about 4,000 ordinary Blade Insect crystal cores. As for the Blade Insect Leader's crystal cores, he had accumulated more than 200!
In total, he could exchange them for 500 points. If the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core was added to Luo Zheng's, he would have 1,500 points.
He had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect for less than a month, and he had accumulated 1,500 points completely by relying on his own efforts. If other Blue Cloud Sect disciples knew about this, they would probably sigh at the unfairness of fate.
On the sixth day, early in the morning, Luo Zheng still followed the Qinglan Squad out of the city to hunt.
They went into the jungle and killed two groups of Blade Insects in a row. While the soldiers were stripping the Blade Insect's crystal cores, Lu Xiao asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, you said that as long as you stay here, they will definitely go out of the city to look for you. Why haven't there been any movements these past few days?"
With Luo Zheng's promise, Lu Xiao didn't go to the main camp to cause trouble. As the saying goes, a higher official can crush people to death. Lu Xiao also knew that he wouldn't be able to bring down He Tiancheng.
However, Luo Zheng said that they would definitely make a move again. It had been five or six days in a row, but he still hadn't seen them. This made Lu Xiao somewhat apprehensive.
"These guys are pretty patient. It doesn't matter. We'll just kill our Blade Insects and slowly wait for them." Luo Zheng was also a little surprised by their patience. He lowered his head and took out the crystal core of a Blade Insect Queen, storing it in his spatial ring.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head. He frowned slightly and looked in a certain direction in the jungle. "I just praised them for being patient. Today, they can't hold back anymore."
Luo Zheng's soul was far more sensitive than the average person's. Standing in place, he could already feel the dense killing intent coming from not too far away.
Not long after, three people walked out of the forest.
The leader was Xiao Yufeng's Cao Lei. As for the other two, Luo Zheng had seen them in a small courtyard in the barracks. Because of the sharp contrast between the two, one was black and the other was white, Luo Zheng had a very deep impression of them.
Cao Lei quickly walked forward and sneered, "You know we want to kill you, yet you still stay in Dragon Castle and dare to come out to hunt Blade Insects. I say, are you confident or stupid?"
In these six days, Cao Lei had many opportunities to deal with Luo Zheng, but they didn't make a move.
Meng Changjun was too much of a deterrent to them. Before they made a move, they needed to investigate clearly.
The conflict between the Meng Family and the Zhuge Family had to be handled carefully. Otherwise, the insects in the cracks could very well become the sacrificial lambs unknowingly.
After six days of observation and intelligence, they understood clearly.
Luo Zheng and Meng Changjun only met by chance and went on adventures together with the Qinglan Squad. In fact, they didn't have a deep friendship with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was able to persuade Meng Changjun to intervene in Lu Xiao's affairs. Meng Changjun had already given him a lot of face.
Since the Meng Family was no longer a concern, they could now act boldly.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and shook his head. He pointed at Cao Lei and said, "Cao Lei, you followed me all the way from the Emerald Cloud Sect and tried to take my life. I haven't settled this debt with you yet, so how can I leave? I didn't expect you to be as timid as mice. I waited for you for six days before you dared to show up. Alas, I still overestimated you. "
After that, Luo Zheng sighed, but there was no trace of fear in his expression.
He had just experienced the baptism of the "Earth Core Fire" and stepped into the body of a spirit tool. He wanted to see how much his strength had improved.
And the three people in front of him were suitable opponents.
For some reason, Cao Lei saw Luo Zheng's eyes full of confidence. His heart actually beat fast in an instant. This kid was clearly in the Marrow Refining Stage. Why did he feel fear? Looking at his confident appearance, it should be fake! Yes, it must be so!
"Really? Since you can't wait to lose your life, then we will fulfill your wish. Black Fiend, White Fiend, two big brothers, let's see your magical powers next! "Cao Lei said as he stepped back.
The Black Evil Spirit and the Black Evil Spirit could no longer hold back. They had followed Cao Lei to the Dragon Castle for many days. They thought they could solve the problem in one day, but it had dragged on for so long, which made them very dissatisfied.
At this moment, the billowing Genuine Qi was constantly flowing along the Black Evil Spirit and the Black Evil Spirit.
With sneers on their faces, they stared at Luo Zheng and stepped forward slowly, exuding the momentum that only the Primordial Experts could have.
Seeing this, Lu Xiao shouted, "Qinglan Squad, prepare to meet the enemy!"
Hearing Lu Xiao's order, the soldiers of the Qinglan Squad held their weapons and got into a battle formation.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and stopped him, "Brother Lu Xiao, you don't need to get involved in this. They originally came for me. I have to solve this problem myself."
After saying this, Luo Zheng took the lead and stood in front of them. He had to solve his own problem by himself.
The Black Evil Spirit and the White Evil Spirit looked at Luo Zheng and laughed strangely from their throats.
"Today, not only will you die, but the whole Qinglan Squad will also die!"
"If I were you, I would immediately kneel down and commit suicide. We brothers won't let you die so easily!"
After the Black Evil Spirit and the Black Evil Spirit finished speaking, their Genuine Qi instantly turned into black and white smoke, which turned into two giant pythons and swept towards Luo Zheng along the ground.
"External Release of Genuine Qi!"