That person had a square face. Under his thick, sword-like eyebrows, there was a pair of large eyes that gave off an aura of authority. He was wearing heavy armor, and the front of the armor was actually carved with a lifelike flying dragon.
This person was one of the two deputy commanders of the Dragon Castle, General Feilong, known as the Sea Stabilizing Needle, Xun Feilong.
When all the ice crystals shattered, he still maintained the posture of extending his finger.
Xun Feilong only used one finger to shatter the entire ice crystal valley.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng couldn't help but click his tongue. This man's strength was too terrifying!
"He Tiancheng, I thought highly of you and promoted you by three levels. Is this how you repay me?" Xun Feilong's eyes flashed with disappointment.
"General, General … it's not like this. It's the Family Zhuge …" Seeing Xun Feilong, He Tiancheng was scared out of his wits. At this moment, he finally realized that this chase was a trap!
"Family Zhuge? Family Zhuge is too powerful, but it can't affect our Imperial Army! As a general of the Imperial Army, you don't care about military discipline. You disappoint me. "Xun Feilong shook his head and shouted," Tell me, what are your last words! "
The Imperial Army was directly under the control of the Burning Sky Palace. Although many people from the seven noble families held positions in the Imperial Army, Xun Feilong held an important position and wouldn't easily give face to the Family Zhuge.
"I …"
He Tiancheng's face turned pale. He understood that General Feilong wanted to kill him on the spot, so he turned around and ran!
He Tiancheng chased after him at an extremely fast speed. His escaping speed was definitely not slow either.
However, Xun Feilong only took one step.
With this step, he crossed a distance of hundreds of feet and arrived behind He Tiancheng in an instant. He stretched out his finger and gently tapped on He Tiancheng's back.
"Pu!"
There weren't any wounds on He Tiancheng's body. He spat out a mouthful of blood and then his vitality was extinguished. He fell to the ground and turned into a corpse.
"So … so strong!"
This was a true martial arts expert!
Seeing Xun Feilong's attack, Luo Zheng felt his blood boiling.
Xiantian stage four He Tiancheng was as weak as an ant in front of General Fei Long!
If I have the ability to do so in the future, I'm sure that saving Luo Yan would only be a matter of a few words!
After Xun Feilong dealt with He Tiancheng, he turned around and said to Gou Hantian, "Let's end this matter with He Tiancheng. I don't want this matter to affect the morale of the Dragon Castle!"
Gou Hantian's face turned solemn: "Yes, General!"
Xun Feilong took a deep look at Luo Zheng, and then walked away quickly. After a few steps, he quickly disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
Luo Zheng felt a great pressure from Xun Feilong's glance, as if all his secrets had been seen through by him. Even after Xun Feilong had left for a while, Luo Zheng's heart was still thumping.
After a while, he calmed down and cupped his hands towards Gou Hantian, saying, "Thank you, Lord Gou. If it weren't for you, I'm afraid that I wouldn't have been able to deal with him …"
Gou Hantian laughed and said, "There's no need to thank me. Since it's Young Master Jun's orders, I naturally have to do it cleanly. But you, kid, are really abnormal. You actually managed to lure He Tiancheng so far away while he was chasing you!"
Gou Hantian already knew that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond his peers. But Gou Hantian was even more clear about He Tiancheng's strength. Among the middle-level generals of the Dragon Castle, only He Tiancheng had comprehended "Intent". He was definitely the backbone of the Dragon Castle. Even Gou Hantian himself wasn't sure that he could defeat He Tiancheng.
But Luo Zheng was actually able to run so far away from He Tiancheng's pursuit. Gou Hantian couldn't help but have a whole new level of respect for Luo Zheng. At the same time, he also understood why Meng Changjun had instructed him to do his best to cooperate with Luo Zheng's actions.
If this kid didn't die prematurely, he would definitely become an overlord. He was someone worthy of being roped in by the Meng Clan.
However, there were many geniuses in the world. Only a few could successfully mature. His future path still depended on how this kid walked.
After dealing with He Tiancheng's corpse, Gou Hantian returned to the Dragon Castle.
Luo Zheng followed the original route back to meet up with Lu Xiao.
Lu Xiao wasn't clear about Luo Zheng's plans. But Luo Zheng was able to escape the Blade Bug Queen's pursuit safely. This gave Lu Xiao great confidence. Lu Xiao believed that Luo Zheng could escape He Tiancheng's pursuit.
He led the Qinglan Squad and stayed behind. After waiting for four hours, Luo Zheng finally arrived.
"Brother Luo Zheng, where's that bastard He Tiancheng? Could it be … "Lu Xiao originally wanted to ask if He Tiancheng had been killed by Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng had obtained the Blade Bug Queen's crystal core.
Luo Zheng nodded. "He Tiancheng is dead."
"You didn't really kill him, did you?" Lu Xiao's eyes opened as wide as copper bells.
Luo Zheng shrugged and said with a smile, "How can I be so capable? He Tiancheng was killed by General Fei Long. "
"General Fei Long!" At the mention of the deputy commander in the Dragon Castle, Lu Xiao's face was immediately filled with awe.
"He Tiancheng has been killed. General Fei Long doesn't want this matter to be spread around, so take care of your soldiers," Luo Zheng reminded him.
"Don't worry, I'll make my brothers keep this matter a secret!" Lu Xiao replied cautiously. He didn't expect that this matter would alarm General Fei Long.
On this day, the Qinglan Squad and Luo Zheng returned to the Dragon Castle after completing the mission of hunting the Blade Bug.
The depression that had accumulated in Lu Xiao's heart for several days was also swept away. He took Luo Zheng to the tavern to drink several jars of old wine. If it weren't for Luo Zheng's reminder that they couldn't spread it around, Lu Xiao would have laughed to the sky. In the end, Lu Xiao still got drunk.
After drinking, Luo Zheng returned to his residence and used the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi to circulate in his body, gradually dissolving the drunkenness in his body.
He had gained quite a lot from this trip to the Dragon Castle.
Not only did the Blade Bug's crystal core exceed Luo Zheng's expectations, but he also unexpectedly obtained a Fire Scorpion's crystal core. Moreover, his body was also promoted to a Spiritual Tool Body under the smelting of the Earth Core Fire.
Sitting on the bed, Luo Zheng turned his hand and took out the two short halberds of the Black and White Double Ghosts from his ring.
These two short halberds, one black and one white, were Upper Grade Xuan Weapons. Although one of the halberds was cut into two by the broken dagger, it shouldn't have any effect. Anyway, it was going to be smelted into Molten Iron Essence.
He sat upright on the bed and communicated with the furnace in his body. The black fire rolled out and smelted the two short halberds into Molten Iron Essence in a flash.
According to Luo Zheng's inference, this short halberd should be able to smelt five drops of Molten Iron Essence. Two halberds should be able to smelt about ten drops.
But to Luo Zheng's surprise, after the two short halberds were smelted by the black fire, they actually produced fifteen drops of Molten Iron Essence!
Luo Zheng was completely confused about how much Molten Iron Essence could be smelted from a Xuan Weapon. However, the higher the grade, the more Molten Iron Essence could be smelted. This should be true.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that if this pair of short halberds were used together, their power would be comparable to an Immortal Weapon. Unfortunately, before the Black and White Double Ghosts could use the short halberds to attack, one of them had been killed by Luo Zheng. Therefore, the short halberds' power simply couldn't be brought into play.
The fifteen drops of Molten Iron Essence were sucked into his mind by the black fire. After a while, the sculpture of Qinglong lit up with a burst of light. Three more dragon scales were lit up, emitting a dark green light.
At this moment, seven dragon scales on the sculpture of Qinglong had been lit up. Luo Zheng's power had increased by a lot.
But now, Luo Zheng realized that his shortcoming wasn't in his power, but in his realm!
Compared to those hedonistic nobles, Luo Zheng could be said to be on the opposite end of the spectrum.
Those nobles who were too lazy to cultivate often relied on all kinds of magic pills and miraculous medicines. Whether it was in terms of power or actual combat experience, there was a huge gap between them and Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was the opposite. His power now far exceeded his peers, but his realm was too low. He was only in the Marrow Refining Realm.
But Luo Zheng was also somewhat helpless. The improvement of one's realm depended on the accumulation of time, one step at a time, to build a solid foundation.
He had only been in the Blue Cloud Sect for a little more than a month. In this one month, his realm had risen from the Viscera Refining Realm to the Marrow Refining Realm. This speed was already quite terrifying. During this period of experience in the Dragon Castle, Luo Zheng felt that the marrow in the depths of his bones had become much purer. He was faintly moving towards the peak of the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, within the Blue Cloud Sect, there were experts in large numbers. The Marrow Refining Realm really wasn't enough.
From the looks of it, after returning to the Blue Cloud Sect and visiting Luo Yan in Purgatory Mountain, he had to find a way to take a few more beatings. This way, the warm streams could quickly cleanse his body and raise his realm.
If he really couldn't find anyone, spending a bit of crystal to hire someone to beat him up wasn't a bad choice either …
Luo Zheng's imagination ran wild for an entire night.
The next day, Lu Xiao brought a few soldiers from Green Mist Squad to see him off.
As an imperial army's centurion, Lu Xiao didn't receive much. He only gave him some good wine to express his sincerity.
Luo Zheng accepted the wine. After expressing his thanks, he got on the giant flying carriage.
Several hours later, the giant flying carriage returned to the Blue Cloud Sect.
When he passed by that Purgatory Mountain that towered into the clouds, Luo Zheng's heart began to beat faintly.
The reason he participated in the Blade Bug hunting mission was to accumulate points. Meanwhile, the reason he accumulated points was to enter Purgatory Mountain.
When he thought about how he would be able to meet Luo Yan before long, how could he not be excited?
When the giant flying carriage slowly stopped on the Green Sky Platform, Luo Zheng and the other disciples who returned to the Blue Cloud Sect filed out. Then, Luo Zheng quickly ran towards Xiao Yufeng.
Luo Zheng received the mission from Instructor Su, so he should also look for Instructor Su to hand in the mission.
Luo Zheng was thinking about this along the way. However, when he climbed up Xiao Yufeng's Central Peak, which was also the outer sect disciples' cultivation area, he discovered that all of the outer sect disciples were gathered together. They all had nervous expressions as they discussed something.
"Zhou Xian, Mo Can, what are you all doing here? Why are all of the outer sect disciples gathered together? "Luo Zheng asked in bewilderment.
When Zhou Xian and Mo Can saw Luo Zheng, their eyes immediately lit up.
"Luo Zheng, you sneaked down the mountain and disappeared for half a month. Are you fooling around in the capital?" Zhou Xian said with a smile.
"Brother Luo Zheng, he's not that kind of person. Perhaps he had some urgent matter to attend to?" Mo Can shook his head. His strength was lacking, but he was quite good at judging people.
＝＝＝＝＝