"Get out of the way, get out of the way! If you get hit by this beast-like guy, I'm afraid all the bones in your body will be broken! "
"Is Luo Zheng in a daze? Or does he want to compete with Hu Tie in terms of strength? "
"Alas, Luo Zheng has such strength in the Marrow Refining Realm. He has a bright future ahead of him, but this time he's in a bit of a rush. If he is crippled by Hu Tie, I'm afraid such an enchanting person will die prematurely!"
The strength of the outer sect disciples on Xiao Yufeng's platform is not good, but there is no lack of knowledgeable disciples. They know very well what kind of glory a disciple with such strength in the Marrow Refining Realm will have in the future. Because of this, they feel even more sorry for Luo Zheng.
Facing Hu Tie's attack, Luo Zheng still stubbornly sticks out his fist.
It's still a punch.
Seven dragon scales erupt with a terrifying power. Using the body of a Spirit Tool, Luo Zheng's punch hits Hu Tie's sturdiest part: the shoulder.
Hu Tie originally planned to use his shoulder to hit Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng sticks out his fist, Hu Tie doesn't dodge, but directly hits the fist.
Hu Tie estimates that if this fist hits his shoulder, Luo Zheng's arm will probably break inch by inch.
But when Hu Tie's shoulder hits Luo Zheng's fist, his face suddenly changes color.
From Luo Zheng's fist comes a power even greater than his.
If Hu Tie's power is like an enraged beast, vigorous and heavy, with the strength to pull up a mountain, then Hu Tie's power is like Luo Zheng's.
But Luo Zheng's power is like the sea, vast and boundless, unfathomable.
"Bang!"
The moment the two powers collide, the winner is immediately decided.
Luo Zheng's punch consumes all of Hu Tie's impact. At the same time, a huge rebound force is transmitted to Hu Tie's body, causing him to retreat more than ten steps.
Hu Tie wants to stop himself, but Luo Zheng's power is endless. Soon, Hu Tie retreats to the edge of the arena. He steps on air and falls off the arena.
Another punch.
Just one punch.
In terms of strength against strength, Luo Zheng won completely.
Xiao Yufeng's disciples felt like their hearts were about to jump out of their chests.
Luo Zheng's performance today could be said to have completely subverted some of their perceptions of this world.
Now, Luo Zheng's performance could no longer be described as outstanding. If it had to be described, it could only be described as "monstrous."
Who would have thought that Hu Tie, who was known for his great strength, would also be knocked out of the ring by Luo Zheng with a single punch? What's more, Luo Zheng didn't use any tricks. Instead, he used an even more domineering force to counterattack.
Luo Zheng continued to move his arms and asked the people of Vulture Peak with an indifferent expression, "Who else?"
Hu Tie's skin was rough and his flesh was thick. Although he was knocked off the stage by Luo Zheng's punch, he wasn't injured at all. The expression on his face was very stubborn. He was still unconvinced. "Wait a minute, I wasn't prepared just now. I didn't expect your strength to be so great! I want to try again! "
"According to the rules of the challenge, you've already lost when you fell off the stage. Next." Luo Zheng shook his head. He had just returned to Xiao Yufeng today. What he wanted was to end the battle quickly. Naturally, he wouldn't agree to Hu Tie's request.
Subsequently, Vulture Peak sent out another person.
In two consecutive rounds, Luo Zheng defeated his opponent with only one punch.
This undoubtedly gave the outer sect disciples of Vulture Peak a great deal of pressure.
Although Luo Zheng was only at the Marrow Refining stage, the people of Vulture Peak had already completely stopped looking down on him.
Luo Zheng didn't rely on tricks or luck. Instead, he defeated Hu Tie with his true strength. This already proved that Luo Zheng's strength far surpassed his peers.
After the fourth person from Vulture Peak entered the ring, he was very cautious.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng still didn't give him a chance.
Once again, he sent Vulture Peak's fourth challenger flying off the stage with one punch.
At the sight of this blood-boiling scene, all of the Little Rain Peak disciples present were unable to use words to describe their feelings. They could only shout with all their might. It was as if this was the only way to express their excitement.
A thousand feet away from the arena, there were two women standing on top of a small building, watching everything that was happening on the other side.
These two women were both outstanding beauties. They were devastatingly beautiful.
"Instructor Su, I'm going to die because of you! You asked me to lead some people to spur the outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng. Without another word, I led the elites of Vulture Peak here. Who knew that such a monster would appear on your peak … "The woman who spoke was surnamed Mu. Her name was Mu Qingyang. She was one of the instructors of Vulture Peak.
The challenge this time was actually arranged by these two mentors.
In order to motivate their disciples to train diligently and painstakingly, these instructors had practically used all the methods they could think of.
Wasn't the challenge of the peak a very effective method?
If Xiao Yufeng was defeated, it might affect the mood of these outer sect disciples, but it would make them understand that they had to work harder in order to catch up.
To achieve this, they had to truly understand that the weak had to be beaten. That was why Su Lingyun had agreed to Vulture Peak's challenge.
Su Lingyun pursed her lips and looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. "This outer sect disciple received a mission from me and left Xiao Yufeng to go to the south to kill saber bugs. I didn't expect him to come back in just over half a month. Moreover, his strength has increased so quickly. I didn't expect it either …"
"What? A Marrow Refining Realm disciple went to kill saber bugs? Did I hear it wrong? But the strength that this boy has shown is indeed enough to accept this mission. "Mu Qingyang looked at the arena with a helpless expression." This boy is too merciless. His attacks are so ruthless. He only uses one punch every time! "
Hearing Mu Qingyang's words, Su Lingyun suddenly felt a little proud. She smiled and said, "Sister Qingyang, that's your Vulture Peak's disciple. He's too weak!"
"You little girl, how dare you laugh at me when I'm helping you! However, although this boy called Luo Zheng is powerful, our Vulture Peak doesn't lack people. The last one should be Liu Cunshi. Liu Cunshi ranks first in our Vulture Peak and is already a Primordial Spirit. As long as Liu Cunshi comes out, Luo Zheng won't be able to win, "Mu Qingyang said.
"Primordial Spirit? You actually let him stay in the outer sect? " Su Lingyun said in surprise. Under normal circumstances, many outer sect disciples would be promoted to the inner sect every year. Not to mention Primordial Spirit, even many outer sect disciples who were half a step to the Primordial Spirit were promoted.
Mu Qingyang smiled and said, "Are you saying that only your Xiao Yufeng can have geniuses? Can't our Vulture Peak have any? Liu Cunshi has only been in our Vulture Peak for half a year, but he has already broken through. We haven't had time to transfer him to the inner sect, so he's naturally an outer sect disciple now. "
Primordial Spirit? Su Lingyun felt a little conflicted. On the one hand, she really wanted to see whether Luo Zheng could defeat a Primordial Spirit. On the other hand, she didn't want Luo Zheng to win.
"Alas, let's wait and see." Su Lingyun sighed in her heart.
In the arena, there was one more person opposite Luo Zheng. This was the fifth person sent by Vulture Peak. He should be the strongest outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak.
Liu Cunshi, a Primordial Spirit.
Liu Cunshi's appearance was very ordinary. He didn't seem to have any imposing manner. If he was thrown on the street, he was the kind of person who couldn't be found at a glance.
After Liu Cunshi entered the arena, the outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng realized that they were probably going to win this challenge. This Liu Cunshi in front of them couldn't be compared to the disciples sent by Vulture Peak before.
However, when Liu Cunshi condensed his Vital Essence and formed a ring in his hand, everyone's expression changed drastically.
"Primordial Spirit! This guy is actually a Primordial Spirit! He's an outer sect disciple? "
"Vulture Peak is too much. They actually sent an inner sect disciple to challenge Luo Zheng. This is against the rules. If they sent an inner sect disciple, our Xiao Yufeng should also send an inner sect disciple!"
Many people looked at the black-robed people who were watching the fight. Although these black-robed people stood proudly not far away, they were Xiao Yufeng's inner sect disciples after all. At this moment, they should be the ones to step forward.
Primordial Spirit was a threshold for warriors.
The difference between Vital Essence and Vital Essence was also like heaven and earth.
Luo Zheng had indeed defeated the three people on Vulture Peak with one punch each.
However, to fight a Primordial Spirit, one had to be a Primordial Spirit first. Otherwise, this challenge would be too unfair.
Therefore, the crowd began to clamor.
"Liu Cunshi is the number one outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak. He just entered the Primordial Spirit not long ago and hasn't had time to advance to the inner sect! Naturally, he's an outer sect disciple. How can he break the rules? If you can't compete, then don't compete. Just admit defeat! " Liu Cunshi was the biggest backer of Vulture Peak. When they heard Xiao Yufeng's words, they naturally rebutted.
The two sides couldn't agree and the scene became chaotic again.
However, the two people on the stage completely ignored the commotion below the stage.
The ring in Liu Cunshi's hand spun slowly. He said, "You are indeed very strong. You defeated three half-step Primordial Spirit disciples of Vulture Peak consecutively. I, Liu Cunshi, have never heard of such a battle record."
"Thank you for the compliment." Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
"However, this is the end of it. Although I challenge you with the advantage of being a Xiantian lifeform, which is a bit of a bully, I must win today's mountain challenge. Otherwise, the entire Vulture Peak's outer door will have no face to stand in the Blue Cloud Sect," Liu Cunshi said in a calm tone. There was no excitement in his tone, nor contempt, as if he was a person chatting with you.
Faced with such an attitude, Luo Zheng smiled calmly. "Then I hope Brother Cunshi will go easy on me in the following exchange."
"Don't worry. I will only make you lose the ability to resist. I won't hurt you!"