This wasn't the first time Luo Zheng had faced a Xiantian lifeform.
A few days ago, he'd used a broken throwing knife to kill the Black White Double Demons.
However, it had to be said that his broken throwing knife had played a huge role in killing the Black White Double Demons.
But now, they were in the arena.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect didn't restrict the use of weapons in the arena, when a broken throwing knife was used, there was bound to be blood. Luo Zheng didn't want to appear too bloodthirsty in this kind of mountain-level challenge.
The golden ring was condensed from True Essence, but it flickered with a metallic luster. It floated in the air and buzzed.
When the ring flew in front of Luo Zheng, it suddenly expanded, wanting to encircle Luo Zheng.
"Come on!"
Luo Zheng's body flashed with a purple light, and he fiercely punched the golden ring.
"Clang!"
With this punch, the golden ring made a crisp sound. It suddenly changed from a circular ring to a deflated one. Luo Zheng sent it flying fifty or sixty feet away, out of the arena.
Liu Cunshi smiled slightly. He reached out with his hand, and the golden ring flashed with a golden light. It immediately returned to its original shape, and continued to encircle Luo Zheng.
Not only that, but True Essence circulated around Liu Cunshi's body. Another golden ring appeared in his hand, and it also went to encircle Luo Zheng.
"Clang! Clang! "
Luo Zheng still struck out twice, making these strange rings unable to get close to him.
But soon, Luo Zheng understood Liu Cunshi's intentions.
Liu Cunshi stood in place, continuously waving his hands. One golden ring after another continuously appeared in his hands.
After a few breaths, seven golden rings were flying above the arena.
Although Luo Zheng continuously used his heavy punches to knock these rings away, once there were too many of them, Luo Zheng couldn't deal with them all.
Finally, a golden ring took advantage of a gap in Luo Zheng's attack. Together with Luo Zheng's arms, it encircled Luo Zheng.
"You want to use this thing to trap me?"
Luo Zheng exerts his strength with both hands, trying to break free from the restraints of the ring.
With his current strength, he wouldn't be at a disadvantage even if he were to face a Xiantian lifeform head on. Presumably, this golden hoop would shatter into pieces if he were to struggle.
This golden hoop was indeed unable to withstand Luo Zheng's strength. As Luo Zheng struggled to break free, faint cracks appeared on the golden hoop. But at this moment, the other golden hoop encircled Luo Zheng one by one.
If one golden ring couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's power, two golden rings wouldn't be able to withstand it either.
However, when the seven golden rings tightly bound Luo Zheng, the combined power of the ten golden rings made it difficult for Luo Zheng to break free.
It was just like how it was easy to break a chopstick, but hard to break a pair of chopsticks.
After being bound by these golden rings, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and shouted in a low voice.
The power of the seven dragon scales immediately blossomed with a jade-green light. Surging power surged from his body, the veins all over his body bulging.
Even when he exerted all his strength, the golden rings still wouldn't budge!
Liu Cunshi strolled over and smiled. "You can't break free. Even a Xiantian lifeform has no way of breaking free after being bound by my Binding Sky Hoop. Although your strength is far greater than others of the same level, you still can't break free. You've already lost."
The people of Vulture Peak all let out a deep breath when they saw this.
The people from Vulture Peak had seen Liu Cunshi's Tian Huan many times before.
Before Liu Cunshi had stepped into the Xiantian realm, just the Binding Sky Hoop formed from his true qi was already incomparably sturdy. No one on Vulture Peak could break it.
Now that Liu Cunshi was a Xiantian lifeform, the Binding Sky Hoop formed from his true qi was like a real object. There was no way that Marrow Refining kid could break free.
Luo Zheng was trapped in place. He tried twice and found that he couldn't break free, so he gave up. But at the same time, a smile appeared on his face. "Does it mean I've lost if you bind me like this?"
Liu Cunshi was slightly taken aback. "You can't move your hands and feet. Of course you've lost."
"But aren't I standing in the arena now?" Luo Zheng retorted.
There were only two ways to lose an arena battle. The first was to knock the opponent down so that they couldn't get up. The second was to be thrown off the arena.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Liu Cunshi's face showed faint mockery. Playing such petty tricks in this situation? "Then I'll just throw you off the arena!"
Liu Cunshi pointed with a finger. The golden hoop binding Luo Zheng made a buzzing sound, then dragged Luo Zheng to the edge of the arena.
But just as Luo Zheng was moved to the edge of the arena, Liu Cunshi suddenly felt a sharp pain in his head. This pain came from the soul, and he almost fainted on the ground.
"Ah!"
Liu Cunshi held his head and uttered a miserable cry.
The change in the arena made the onlookers a little confused.
Especially Xiao Yufeng's disciples. Seeing Luo Zheng being bound so easily, most of them had already accepted the fact that Luo Zheng had lost.
Liu Cunshi was a Xiantian lifeform after all. Losing to him was not an injustice!
At least, Luo Zheng had helped Xiao Yufeng regain a lot of face. He defeated three opponents by himself, and each time, he only used one punch! This battle record, in the entire Azure Cloud Sect's Outer Sect, was probably unprecedented, and would not be surpassed in the future.
So what if he lost? Luo Zheng had already worked hard enough.
But when Luo Zheng was moved to the edge of the arena, there was a sudden change in the arena.
Liu Cunshi seemed to have encountered something extremely painful. He hugged his head and howled incessantly.
"Could it be that he suddenly contracted a serious illness?"
"Haha, if that's the case, that's great. But Liu Cunshi is a Xiantian lifeform. His body has already surpassed the body of an ordinary person. How could he be seriously ill?"
"Luo Zheng's hands are tied. He can't cause any harm to Liu Cunshi. If there's nothing wrong with his body, how could it be like this?"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples discussed one after another, but no one was able to get to the point.
On the contrary, the black-robed inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng who came to watch the fight saw some clues.
The inner disciple named Yu Quan said to the people beside him, "You see, I just said that this guy has such strength in the Marrow Refining Realm. He can't just rely on his own strength. He must have some other means."
The inner disciple next to Yu Quan was dumbfounded. "I don't see what means he used to make Liu Cunshi suffer so much."
"If I'm not wrong, Luo Zheng should have used a soul attack." Yu Quan's eyes flashed with a complicated look.
"Soul attack? That kind of means requires an abnormally strong soul to use. This guy's body is already so abnormal. How can his soul be so strong? "The black-robed disciple's eyes were full of disbelief.
Yu Quan sighed and patted the person next to him on the shoulder. "The world is big and there are all kinds of strange things. When I left my hometown, I was ranked first among the younger generation in Sky Lion County. At that time, I thought I was the favored son of God and the target of God's pity. But when I came to the Blue Cloud Sect, I finally understood the meaning of the phrase 'there is always someone better than you' …"
Luo Zheng's attention was now focused on Liu Cunshi. Naturally, he didn't hear Yu Quan's sigh.
Liu Cunshi covered his head for a long time and finally got over the pain. His calm face was now full of anger. At the same time, he showed a deep fear of Luo Zheng.
In Liu Cunshi's view, he and Luo Zheng were not at the same level.
Even if this guy's performance was very amazing, especially the fact that he was only in the Marrow Refining Realm, it was very precious.
But he was a Xiantian lifeform.
Below the Xiantian lifeforms were all living beings.
He was like a fully armed adult, and Luo Zheng was like a little brat who hadn't experienced the world.
With the power of his vital essence, he could easily crush Luo Zheng.
He didn't even use any killing moves. He just wanted to use Shu Tian Huan to tie up Luo Zheng and throw him off the arena.
However, just when he thought that this competition was going to end without any suspense, Luo Zheng gave him a fierce blow.
The pain of his soul being injured was unforgettable for Liu Cunshi.
Therefore, after he regained his senses, he quickly retreated.
While Liu Cunshi was retreating, a broken throwing knife appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. The broken throwing knife jumped into Luo Zheng's hand, spun around, and then nimbly pulled upward. "Ping, ping, ping, ping …" Several sounds were heard.
The seven golden Shu Tian Huan were all cut by Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife. The shining golden light of the Shu Tian Huan quickly faded, turned into threads of vital essence, and dissipated between heaven and earth.
Seeing Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife, Liu Cunshi's eyebrows suddenly rose. This guy actually had such a sharp throwing knife. Why didn't he use it before?
He didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't plan to use the broken throwing knife to fight. After cutting these Shu Tian Huan, Luo Zheng casually stuffed them back into his Sumeru Ring. With a smile on his face, he said, "It seems that the outcome of this match is a bit difficult to determine."
"Interesting!" From the beginning, Liu Cunshi also didn't plan to use his full strength. However, Luo Zheng's performance just now had made Liu Cunshi take him seriously.
Faint golden vital essence seeped out of his skin, and the vital essence began to slowly condense again.
"Since you insist on creating more problems, I'll show you the true strength of a Xiantian lifeform! Splitting Sky Ring! "
As soon as Liu Cunshi's voice fell, another golden ring formed in his hand. However, the shape of this golden ring was somewhat different from that of the Shu Tian Huan. The golden ring was covered with neat sawteeth, and at the same time, it was constantly rotating at high speed.
"Huff, huff, huff, huff!"
Soon, seven Splitting Sky Rings were floating around Liu Cunshi, crazily rotating.
"Go!"
Liu Cunshi stretched out his hand, his eyes full of indifference. Being forced to this step by a junior in the Marrow Refining stage made Liu Cunshi very unhappy. Anyone who made him unhappy had to pay the price.
The seven Splitting Sky Rings flew over from seven different angles.
Two Heaven Splitting Rings flew high into the air, drawing a parabola in the air.
The other three Splitting Sky Rings shot towards Luo Zheng in a straight line.
The remaining two Sky Splitting Rings followed the ground of the arena and slashed towards Luo Zheng's legs. As the two Sky Splitting Rings rolled across the arena, the arena became like mud as the Sky Splitting Rings left deep grooves in its wake.
Facing these seven Splitting Sky Rings, Luo Zheng's expression was very nervous.