"Ah, Liu Cunshi has gone too far. It's just a mountain challenge, but he used such a ruthless move. Does he want Luo Zheng's life?"
"The arena is made of fine iron. It's as soft as mud under the cutting of the Golden Ring! If it were a knife, wouldn't he be beheaded? "
"It's too dangerous. How will Luo Zheng deal with it?"
Now, everyone was sweating for Luo Zheng.
Just as the Sky Splitting Rings were about to reach Luo Zheng, his body suddenly twisted strangely. He actually went around the three Sky Splitting Rings in the middle.
At the same time, he used the momentum of his charge to dodge the four Sky Splitting Rings above and below him. He quickly took a step forward and charged towards Liu Cunshi.
The previous round of fighting between the two was only the prelude. Now, it was the real fight.
Liu Cunshi looked at Luo Zheng, who was rushing toward him. He didn't panic at all, but his expression became more and more serious. He waved his hand, and the seven Sky Splitting Rings behind Luo Zheng changed their direction and swept toward Luo Zheng.
The seven Sky Splitting Rings were transformed by Vital Essence. They were as light as a feather and flew extremely fast.
Although Luo Zheng's speed was also very fast, if he didn't dodge, Luo Zheng would be cut into pieces before he could get close to Liu Cunshi.
This was why Liu Cunshi was so calm. He was sure that Luo Zheng didn't dare to use his body to bear the damage of the Sky Splitting Rings.
But this time, Liu Cunshi was wrong.
If Luo Zheng was still a Xuanji Body, he would be very afraid of the cutting power of the Sky Splitting Rings.
But his body, after being purified by the Earth Core Fire, had greatly improved its strength. It was a world of difference from the Xuanji Body. Therefore, Luo Zheng wanted to bear the attack of the Sky Splitting Rings.
Why didn't he dodge now? Did he want to die?
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest intention to dodge, Liu Cunshi was very confused. Because in Liu Cunshi's opinion, Luo Zheng's action was no different from suicide.
"Dodge, Luo Zheng!"
"Oh no, if I don't dodge now, I'll be cut in half by the Heaven Splitting Ring!"
"Luo Zheng, are you crazy? Let's not compete anymore. Luo Zheng, quickly get down from the stage!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't dodge, the hearts of the audience were already in their throats.
Although Xiao Yufeng was full of all kinds of open and covert struggles, at this moment, they were particularly united and worried about the same thing.
We can lose this challenge, but Luo Zheng can't throw his life away!
The group of people from Vulture Peak sneered coldly.
"Heh, this kid is crazy."
"It's good that he's dead. In any case, fists and feet have no eyes on the arena. This kid can't do anything about it even if he wants to die."
"What a pity. Xiao Yufeng just had a genius disciple, but he's going to be cut into pieces by Senior Brother Liu Cunshi …"
For the people of Vulture Peak, this was a pretty good result.
Just now, Luo Zheng had defeated three of the top twenty outer disciples of Vulture Peak by himself. Moreover, he'd only used one punch each time. This was absolutely a great humiliation.
Moreover, this humiliation couldn't be washed away no matter what they did.
Moreover, Luo Zheng was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. If this kid was allowed to grow, he'd probably bathe Vulture Peak in blood in the future!
This kind of thing had happened before.
Two years ago, Jade Maiden Peak's genius disciple Luo Yan had appeared out of nowhere and bathed the sixth ranked Tenshou Peak in blood. He'd defeated the enchanting disciples of Tenshou Peak one by one and pushed Tenshou Peak's ranking from sixth to the top twenty. How could the word "tragic" be enough to describe it?
Therefore, at this moment, when the people of Vulture Peak saw this scene, they didn't feel that there was anything wrong with it. Instead, they felt that suppressing this genius Luo Zheng to death in his cradle was the right thing to do.
However, what happened next left everyone dumbfounded once again.
"Clang!"
The first Sky Splitting Ring cut Luo Zheng's body, but it didn't cut Luo Zheng into pieces. It only made a crisp sound of metal colliding and then bounced off to the side.
However, Luo Zheng's white disciple robe had been cut into pieces, revealing Luo Zheng's back.
There was only a shallow bloodstain on Luo Zheng's back. From the looks of it, the Sky Splitting Ring had only scratched Luo Zheng's skin a little and didn't even bleed …
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
Every time the Sky Splitting Ring hit Luo Zheng's back, it would make a loud noise.
However, every Sky Splitting Ring was unable to cut through Luo Zheng's flesh. At most, it left a shallow and deep bloodstain before bouncing off.
Liu Cunshi's pupils dilated as a sense of extreme danger welled up in his heart.
Liu Cunshi was the most enchanting outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak after all. At the moment, he and everyone else were still in shock. Why was Luo Zheng's body so tough? However, that sense of danger woke him up from his shock!
Luo Zheng, who had withstood the Sky Splitting Ring's attack, raised his fist and smashed it towards Liu Cunshi's face.
His fist was extremely fierce. Luo Zheng, who had awakened seven dragon scales, had the power of a tsunami as it rushed towards Liu Cunshi.
Liu Cunshi reacted quickly. As Luo Zheng's fist was about to hit him, he had already raised both his hands. At the same time, the Quintessential Essence between his hands instantly condensed into a green ring.
"Thick Earth Ring!"
This was Liu Cunshi's defensive move. The green rings interlocked with each other to form a shield in front of Liu Cunshi.
"Ding Ding Dang Dang!"
The Thick Earth Ring took on Luo Zheng's attack and made a crisp sound when it collided with each other.
Even though Liu Cunshi's Thick Earth Ring blocked Luo Zheng's punch, the huge force did not disappear. It was transmitted from the Thick Earth Ring to Liu Cunshi's body, instantly sending him flying.
With another powerful punch, Luo Zheng sent Liu Cunshi flying out of the arena.
However, Liu Cunshi was not an ordinary person.
If he had only relied on hard work to enter the Connate Mystic Realm, he might have only become a very mediocre inner sect disciple of Vulture Peak.
However, he was now the number one outer sect disciple of Vulture Peak!
To become the number one outer sect disciple of any of the 33 peaks of Qingyun Peak, it was simply impossible to rely on hard work and hard work to become the number one outer sect disciple.
Liu Cunshi was an absolute genius of Vulture Peak. He was now the number one outer sect disciple and would also become the number one inner sect disciple in the future!
Luo Zheng sent Liu Cunshi flying out of the arena with one punch, but his feet did not touch the ground. He was still in mid-air. According to the rules, he had not lost yet.
In mid-air, Liu Cunshi waved his hand and sent the Thick Earth Ring in his hand flying out.
The Thick Earth Ring hit the ground beside the arena at an extremely fast speed, then bounced off the wall and flew back towards Liu Cunshi.
Liu Cunshi straightened his body and tapped his feet in the middle of the Thick Earth Ring. With the rebounding force of the Thick Earth Ring, he flew back towards the arena.
"Beautiful! Senior Brother Cunshi's flying back and forth is perfect! "
"Indeed, in our Vulture Peak, only Liu Cunshi can remain calm in such a situation!"
"To send his Thick Earth Ring out at such a time, and to calculate the angle and strength, this is not something that ordinary people can do."
The hearts of the Vulture Peak group sank when they saw Liu Cunshi being sent out of the arena. They thought that the mountain challenge was over. But at this critical moment, Liu Cunshi's move pushed him back into the arena. They immediately cheered.
At this time, Luo Zheng had gained the upper hand. He definitely did not want Liu Cunshi to return to the arena easily.
Before Liu Cunshi landed, Luo Zheng had flashed to the edge of the arena. He raised his fists and suddenly smashed them towards Liu Cunshi, who was rushing towards him.
Liu Cunshi had nothing to rely on in the air. Seeing Luo Zheng's aggressiveness, he was really depressed. He really did not want to confront Luo Zheng directly. He did not know how this guy cultivated his strength. It was too amazing.
Unfortunately, he had no choice but to crash into Luo Zheng.
Liu Cunshi had no choice but to use the Thick Earth Ring in front of him again.
The result was the same as last time. Liu Cunshi was sent out of the arena by Luo Zheng before he could touch the ground.
Liu Cunshi was not willing to give up. He used the same method to push himself back into the arena with the rebounding force of the Thick Earth Ring.
Therefore, a very strange scene played out in the arena.
Liu Cunshi desperately wanted to get back into the arena, but Luo Zheng did not let him.
No matter which side of the arena Liu Cunshi rebounded to, Luo Zheng would be one step ahead of him and send Liu Cunshi flying out with a punch.
Liu Cunshi was like a grasshopper that could not land on the ground, jumping around in the air above the arena.
The first and second time the two of them fought like this was thrilling. Everyone held their breath and did not dare to speak.
But the third, fourth, and fifth time … it was the same. Everyone was speechless.
Mu Qingyang and Su Lingyun, who were watching the battle from afar, were also speechless. They watched the strange battle in the arena and could not speak for a long time.
After a long time, Mu Qingyang gritted his teeth and said, "Lingyun, that outer disciple called Luo Zheng is too much. How can he treat Liu Cunshi like a child's ball and throw him into the air? Come down!"
Su Lingyun stroked her black hair behind her head and said, "Well … I think Luo Zheng is also afraid of Liu Cunshi's strength. After all, he is a Connate lifeform and has too much of an advantage."
"But it can't go on like this!" Mu Qingyang was a little anxious.
A crafty smile appeared on Su Lingyun's face. She was naturally not anxious. After all, she had already thought it through. She was already prepared to lose this mountain peak challenge. However, if she coincidentally won, she would not reject it.
Of course, Mu Qingyang was anxious.
Although Liu Cunshi was a Connate lifeform, he had just stepped into the Connate Secret Realm. The Vital Essence in his body was not unlimited. If this continued, Liu Cunshi was likely to be defeated.
Since Mu Qingyang realized this, Liu Cunshi, as the person involved, naturally realized it as well.
Even if he could block Luo Zheng's strength with the Thick Earth Ring, he would not fall to the ground at the same time.
But if this continued, the Vital Essence in his body would dry up, and he would be defeated in the end.
Liu Cunshi absolutely could not accept this result.
Therefore, when he was sent flying by Luo Zheng for the ninth time and rushed to the arena for the ninth time with the help of the Thick Earth Ring, the Vital Essence in his body surged again. This time, he had almost exhausted all the Vital Essence in his body!
He wanted to fight with all his strength!
＝＝＝＝＝