Early in the morning, Luo Zheng got out of bed and washed himself up from head to toe.
Although his body was sturdy, he had still suffered many injuries from Liu Cunshi's repeated attacks.
However, these injuries were all superficial. With Luo Zheng's body's ability, he was almost completely healed after a night of recovery.
Fighting Liu Cunshi like this was quite beneficial to Luo Zheng.
Most of the power of the World Destruction Ring had been absorbed by Luo Zheng to cleanse his bone marrow.
Now that the impurities in Luo Zheng's bone marrow had been cleansed, it was only a matter of time before he stepped into the peak of the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, Luo Zheng was not very satisfied with his own realm.
If he was placed in one of the counties under the imperial capital, he would be able to make a name for himself with just the Marrow Refining Realm.
However, he was now in the Blue Cloud Sect, where Marrow Refining Realm cultivators were everywhere, not to mention that he still had to face those landowning households!
After he was ready, Luo Zheng left his room and walked towards the mountain ridge.
On the way, many outer sect disciples greeted Luo Zheng warmly when they saw Luo Zheng.
Previously, Luo Zheng had defeated Yang Lie, who was ranked 30th. At that time, many outer sect disciples realized that Luo Zheng, this newcomer, was not simple. In the near future, he would definitely become famous in the outer sect of Xiao Yufeng.
However, no one had expected that Luo Zheng would rise so quickly! And in such a way!
After this battle, Luo Zheng still did not have a ranking in Xiao Yufeng, but in everyone's hearts, he was already number one in the outer sect.
Su Lingyun knew very well that Luo Zheng would come looking for her.
To be able to come back from the south, Luo Zheng must have gained a lot.
With the previous battle with Liu Cunshi, Su Lingyun realized that she had still underestimated Luo Zheng.
At that time, when Luo Zheng had insisted on going south to complete the mission of killing the blade insects, Su Lingyun felt that the risk was too great, and that Luo Zheng was too impatient.
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng was very confident.
But Su Lingyun still couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng was in such a hurry to get points.
How many points could he get from one trip to the south?
A thousand blade insects? Or two thousand blade insects?
These Demonic Beast Cores could only be exchanged for one or two hundred points at most. What could they do?
At this stage, the points wouldn't be of much use to Luo Zheng.
"Mentor Su, I'm here to submit my mission." Luo Zheng knocked on the door gently and then walked in.
Su Lingyun's face was still gloomy as she nodded coldly.
Although Luo Zheng came back safe and sound, it didn't mean that Su Lingyun forgave Luo Zheng.
"Xiao Yufeng's outer disciple, Luo Zheng, participated in the hunting mission. How many did you kill? I wonder if it's a hundred? Or two hundred? "Su Lingyun said with a mocking smile.
Hearing Su Lingyun's tone, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. This woman's temper was really not small.
Then, Luo Zheng silently took out the ordinary blade insect's crystal cores from his spatial ring.
One, two, three ….
Gradually, the blade insect's crystal cores piled up into a small mountain on the ground.
"I counted them again yesterday. There should be a total of 4,626 ordinary blade insect crystals," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Su Lingyun curled her lips. "More than 4,000 ordinary blade insect crystal cores can only be exchanged for 200 points. Is that a lot?"
Hearing Su Lingyun's words, Luo Zheng took out the blade insect leader's crystal core from his spatial ring.
"In addition, there are also the blade insect leader's crystal cores. There are a total of 266 of them," Luo Zheng said again.
Su Lingyun's thin lips curled even more. She didn't expect that Luo Zheng would actually get so many blade insect leader's points. Counting it this way, these two crystal cores could be exchanged for nearly 500 points. For an outer disciple, 500 points was quite a lot.
"Mm, adding it all up, it can be exchanged for almost 500 points. Your harvest in the south this time was indeed good, but 500 points can't do much in the Blue Cloud Sect …"
Women were all stingy. Even though Su Lingyun's status was high, her eyes narrowed slightly, and her words were still full of sarcasm.
But then, Luo Zheng took out an even larger crystal core from his spatial ring.
The fist-sized demon beast crystal core flickered with a purple light. That was the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core.
This time, Su Lingyun was finally moved.
Su Lingyun was well aware of the Blade Insect Queen's strength. She had also gone to the south and participated in the extermination of blade insects. She had personally killed two Blade Insect Queens, but she had also won at that time, and it hadn't been easy.
With Luo Zheng's strength, ordinary blade insects were certainly not a problem. Even if it was a blade insect leader, being able to kill more than 200 of them could only mean that Luo Zheng had worked very hard.
But what was the deal with the Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core?
If Luo Zheng encountered the Blade Insect Queen, he probably had no other choice but to run away.
Could it be that some powerful figure had killed the Blade Insect Queen, and then gave the Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core to Luo Zheng?
This was unlikely. A Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core was worth 1000 points, which was equivalent to 2000 square crystal stones. No matter who it was, it was not a small value.
Luo Zheng had no power or influence. Who would give this thing to him?
"Who gave you this Blade Insect Queen's demon beast crystal core?" Su Lingyun asked with a complicated expression.
"I picked it up." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Su Lingyun did not believe him at all. She saw Luo Zheng's smiling expression and lightly snorted. She stretched out her hand and said, "Give me your disciple card and your mission token!"
Luo Zheng obediently handed over both of them.
Then Su Lingyun made a record on the mission token. Her slender white orchid finger gently stroked Luo Zheng's disciple card. After a flash of light, she stretched out her hand and handed it to Luo Zheng. "Okay, a total of 1500 points have been recorded in your disciple card."
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's face immediately lit up and he reached out to take it.
But Su Lingyun withdrew her hand and said with a smile, "I can give you the disciple card, but I have a condition!"
Luo Zheng was suddenly stunned. "What condition?"
"Tell me, how do you plan to spend these points?" Su Lingyun asked again.
Su Lingyun had asked this question when Luo Zheng accepted the mission.
At that time, Luo Zheng did not answer directly.
Now, Luo Zheng was also unwilling to answer. Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I have a very important matter."
"What important matter? You can tell me. Maybe I can help you?" Luo Zheng's disciple card was dangling in Su Lingyun's hand, but she did not give it to him.
"This is my own matter, Mentor Su. It has nothing to do with you," Luo Zheng said in a deep voice.
Everything he was doing now was to see Luo Yan. Luo Zheng did not want anyone to get involved in this matter!
"You!" Su Lingyun pouted and her two willowy eyebrows suddenly raised.