Luo Peiran lay on top of the black gravel, his eyes filled with despair.
What went wrong?
Luo Peiran couldn't figure it out no matter how hard he tried.
He swallowed the Heaven and Earth Fortune Elixir and his strength soared. He smoothly entered the Blue Cloud Sect and got acquainted with the Wang family. He used Luo Yan to obtain great benefits from the Wang family and even became a Xiantian lifeform in a short period of time!
In the entire Luo family, only Luo Xiao was a Xiantian lifeform!
He was still young, and he could imagine that his future path would be smooth and smooth.
When his strength improved further, he would be able to openly lead the Luo family into the ranks of the number one family in Chong Yang County.
But today, he was defeated by Luo Zheng in just a few moves.
"I'm a Xiantian lifeform! Why am I so weak in front of you, a Marrow Refining cultivator? "Luo Peiran opened his eyes in a daze and looked at Luo Zheng unwillingly.
Luo Zheng sneered, "Your cultivation was built up by pills. What's the use of that?"
Among the great aristocratic families, there were many trash like Luo Peiran who were built up by pills. Their cultivation was high, but in terms of real combat ability, they were far inferior to Luo Zheng, who had climbed out of mountains of corpses and seas of blood.
After saying this, Luo Zheng turned his head and blinked his eyes. There was a sad expression on his face.
If his father hadn't died in vain, Luo Zheng wouldn't have wanted to kill his own family. After all, they were all clansmen with the surname Luo!
But the second and third branches were the murderers who had murdered his father. He had to avenge his father's death.
"Wang Hengzhi, Luo Peiran has been crippled by me. Are you going to avenge him?" Luo Zheng sneered at Wang Hengzhi, his eyes cold.
Wang Hengzhi was about to rush up, but he was stopped by Wang Yanmiao. "Big brother, this kid doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. Not only did he cripple Luo Peiran, but he also dares to talk back to you. Are you going to let him go like this …"
Wang Yanmiao shook her head and walked over to Luo Zheng. "You're only in the Refining Marrow Stage, yet you have such courage. You're worthy of being Luo Yan's brother. Both brother and sister are extremely talented. Not bad, not bad!" Wang Yanmiao's eyes revealed some praise.
Wang Hengzhi suddenly didn't understand. Previously, his elder brother had bowed to Luo Zheng three times in a row, and now he was giving him such high praise. Why?
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He had just scolded Wang Yanmiao, but he was not angry at all. This person was too scheming.
"But …" Wang Yanmiao suddenly changed the topic. Her gentle gaze suddenly became extremely sharp, completely different from before.
The 'lotus killing intent' on Wang Yanmiao's body already completely erupted at this time. The streaks of gentle light on her body were like hedgehogs, stabbing towards Luo Zheng.
Wang Yanmiao continued, "You are Luo Yan's brother, yet you can't even ascend to Purgatory Mountain's peak, let alone rescue Luo Yan. Right now, the number of people in the entire Blue Cloud Sect who can help Luo Yan leave Purgatory Mountain is extremely few, and I, Wang Yanmiao, am one of them. That is why I want to know, where did your words of 'I am not worthy of Luo Yan' come from?"
The 'lotus killing intent' released from Wang Yanmiao's entire body crushed towards Luo Zheng like a great mountain. If not for Luo Zheng's soul being exceptionally powerful, right now, even standing when facing Wang Yanmiao would be extremely difficult.
When facing this type of expert, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest trace of fear. "Even if this is the case, so what? My own little sister, so I will naturally be the one to rescue her! There is no need for outsiders to take action! "
Wang Yanmiao released a light chuckle, shaking her head. With her hands behind her back, she said, "Even though you can easily deal with the Xiantian first level Luo Peiran through the Marrow Refinement Realm, your methods admittedly exquisite and formidable, you are still … too weak, no different from an ant. If not for the fact that you aren't Luo Yan's older brother, with your strength, you don't even have the qualifications to stand here and speak to me! "
After speaking, a tender and glistening flower bud appeared on Wang Yanmiao's shoulder. After that flower bud appeared, it quickly expanded, and then it suddenly blossomed. It was actually a pink lotus flower.
When that lotus flower blossomed, a streak of white radiance erupted from her body, rushing into the sky!
This pillar of light that rushed into the sky seemed to have lit up half of Purgatory Mountain.
In this instant, everyone's eyes were drawn over.
Even those Purgatory Mountain's dedicated cultivators all cast over looks of shock.
"Who is actually burning true essence? It actually possesses such great power! "
"Divine Illumination Realm! It is actually a Divine Illumination Realm expert! Why did he come to Purgatory Mountain?! "
"That person is wearing purple clothes, a direct disciple. The one in front of him is a white robed disciple?"
"How is this possible? Outer sect disciple? In front of a Divine Illumination Realm expert, he is an ant-like existence that can be killed bare-handedly. Why does he still need to burn true essence? "
Many Purgatory Mountain's cultivators discussed amongst each other.
Divine Illumination Realm!
That was an existence even more powerful than Xiantian life forms.
Within the several hundred thousand Blue Cloud Sect's disciples, only a minuscule number could reach this realm. Moreover, all of them were direct disciples.
They couldn't understand why that direct disciple would use such power to suppress an outer sect disciple.
Normally speaking, if a Divine Illumination Realm expert wanted to deal with an outer sect disciple, they could turn the latter into scattered ashes with a wave of a finger.
Under such power, perhaps that outer sect disciple would be scared into an idiot, right?
Xiao Yufeng, within the small pavilion.
Through Xin Gui's observation, Su Lingyun already had a panoramic view of the scene that just happened.
"This brat, he really isn't an ordinary troublemaker!" Su Lingyun's brows furrowed. She raised her head and stared towards the northwest. Even from such a far distance, Su Lingyun could still see that fine thread-like pillar of light that rushed between heaven and earth.
"I don't care about you anymore! Just let you live or die on your own! "Su Lingyun curled her lips, her face completely filled with anger.
Luo Zheng's talent was admittedly outstanding, but this brat was too stubborn. He didn't listen to any of her suggestions at all!
In reality, regardless of whether it was Xiao Yufeng or the other instructors on the other thirty-two peaks, they didn't have much ability to control their disciples. After all, the relationship between an "instructor" and a disciple wasn't a true master-disciple relationship. Within the Blue Cloud Sect, only the relationship between a direct disciple and a master could be considered master-disciple.
The reason why she was angry at Luo Zheng for not listening to her was actually completely because of her own temperament …
Two breaths of time later, she lightly clenched her teeth. She looked at Xin Gui, at Luo Zheng's resolute face. In the end, she walked out of the small pavilion, stepped on a flying carriage, and then sped towards the northwest corner of Purgatory Mountain.
Purgatory Mountain, mountain peak.
Luo Yan's eyes were calm. That slingshot was still in her hands, as if she was immersed in her memories. From time to time, a sweet smile would appear at the corners of her lips.
In her head, the endless memories of her childhood were the things she cherished the most.
Right at this time, she suddenly saw a streak of white radiance suddenly appear at the waist of the mountain, rushing into the sky!
"This is Wang Yanmiao's true essence burning. Did he start to fight with someone?" Luo Yan turned her head slightly, indifferently gathering her gaze over.
Even though the distance between Purgatory Mountain's peak and waist of the mountain was extremely far, Luo Yan's pretty eyes could see everything that happened at the waist of the mountain.
Her eyes first focused on Wang Yanmiao. Then, she shifted her gaze away from Wang Yanmiao, and then she noticed the person opposite Wang Yanmiao.
"White-robed? Outer sect disciple? " The corners of Luo Yan's lips curled slightly. This really was a rare thing. She wondered which white-robed disciple was actually this daring, daring to confront Wang Yanmiao.
When Luo Yan's eyes shifted upwards, seeing that outer sect disciple's face, her watery eyes suddenly widened …
"Bro … brother?"
Even though she hadn't seen Luo Zheng for many years, how could she forget her older brother's appearance?
Why would Luo Zheng appear in Purgatory Mountain?
Why didn't Wang Yanmiao mention it? If her older brother came to Purgatory Mountain, there was no way her cousin Peiran wouldn't know.
Why would Luo Zheng confront Wang Yanmiao again?!
A string of questions appeared in her mind.
Let's put these questions aside for now. The one her older brother was facing was Wang Yanmiao. Wang Yanmiao was a Radiant Deity Realm expert, while her older brother was only an outer sect disciple. Wang Yanmiao could kill her older brother just by igniting her true essence!
When she thought of this, Luo Yan's mind immediately became anxious.
"Definitely not!"
She stood at the edge of the platform. Even though there was several thousand meters of distance between them, she still leapt up, and then jumped down.
Weng weng!
The instant Luo Yan jumped off the cliff, several hexagonal energy barriers appeared below her. Those energy barriers formed a semicircular wall, forcibly blocking Luo Yan behind.
"Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation!"
Luo Yan's face immediately fell.
After being punished to face the wall in Purgatory Mountain, she also understood clearly that there was a Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation trapping her within.
Only, Luo Yan never thought of escaping from this place, so she never took the initiative to trigger the Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation. She never expected that at this moment, she would actually be stopped by this formation.
She gave the area below another look. With her older brother's strength as an outer sect disciple, under Wang Yanmiao's pressure, he wouldn't be able to hold on for long. She had to go down today!
"Break for me!"
The young lady reached out her slender white jade finger, jabbing towards the hexagonal energy barrier.
Even though this finger was extremely ordinary, it contained terrifying power.
Bang!
The Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation was an extremely powerful formation.
After being jabbed by Luo Yan, the three connected hexagons immediately shattered.
However, just as they were about to shatter, another three hexagons appeared to block the gap.
What to do …
What to do!
Luo Yan became more and more anxious!
She jabbed her finger at the Six Sides Heavenly Star Formation again and again, but this formation's energy seemed to be endless. No matter how many energy barriers she destroyed, they would always be repaired in an instant.
In the face of Wang Yanmiao's sudden eruption of tremendous pressure, Luo Zheng stood in place, not moving at all.
This type of pressure was already no longer imposing manner, but the pressure released by burning true essence.
Just a small portion of the pressure released was already so terrifying. This person's strength might have already surpassed the Xiantian level.
He was an Illuminating Deity expert!
"Do you feel the difference in strength between you and me? I only need a light finger to kill you! However, even if it is me, if I want to rescue Luo Yan, it is still an extremely exhausting matter. And you … you don't even have the qualifications to meet her! "Wang Yanmiao waved her sleeves, pointing at Luo Zheng as she spoke.
Under his feet, pink lotuses continuously bloomed, withered, and bloomed again.
＝＝＝＝＝