With the strength of the Marrow Refining stage, Luo Zheng was able to face his pressure head-on without retreating or trembling. Just this point alone showed that Luo Zheng's strength was far superior to those of the same stage.
Even Wang Hengzhi, who was at the Xiantian second stage, had not faced Wang Yanmiao's pressure head-on. At this moment, his face was deathly pale, and he had no choice but to circulate the vital essence in his body to resist this pressure.
Luo Zheng was only at the Marrow Refining stage and did not have vital essence. At this moment, it was very difficult for him to even condense his vital essence.
Relying on the strength of his body and the tenacity of his soul, he did not retreat a single step.
"This person's' intent 'is not that strong. It's far inferior to the intent of Xingtian in the Heavenly Book Pavilion. However, the violent pressure caused by the burning of his vital essence is so terrifying …!" Although Luo Zheng's willpower was like cast iron, it was still very uncomfortable under the erosion of this pressure.
Many people who encountered such a strong opponent would find it difficult to even have a trace of resistance in their hearts when the gap between them was so huge. Luo Zheng was the same.
He suspected that in the next moment, his whole body would be crushed by this pressure …
"No, I can't retreat!"
In this world, having a willpower that was far stronger than ordinary people could indeed create miracles.
The gap between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao was too big. It was like the gap between heaven and earth. This gap could not be made up with willpower alone.
Therefore, at this moment, Luo Zheng was bitterly holding on. One could imagine the pain he was suffering.
Seeing Luo Zheng struggling in front of him, Wang Yanmiao's face revealed a trace of surprise. This guy's tenacity was far beyond his imagination.
Wang Yanmiao was very clear about how strong the burning of his vital essence was. In order to make Luo Zheng remember it more deeply, he deliberately pressed most of the pressure towards him.
Marrow Refining stage …
His body had not yet surpassed the limit …
You can actually stand in front of me?
"Stubbornly holding on? Let's see how long you can hold on! " A faint sneer appeared on Wang Yanmiao's face. Then, the True Essence burst out from his body and burned even more crazily. The beam of light from his body became even more dazzling.
At the same time, the Lotus Killing Intent emitted from Wang Yanmiao's body became more and more intense. The Lotus Killing Intent, wrapped in a huge power, seemed to want to devour Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's body was far different from ordinary people's. He could withstand the pressure caused by the burning of his True Essence. After all, he had a Xuan Weapon Body.
However, his soul was finding it hard to bear.
Previously, he had relied on the Qinglong roar in his mind to resist the corrosion of the Heaven Punishing Intent. However, at this moment, the Heaven and Earth Smelt in his mind was completely silent.
"I can only rely on myself!"
This might, after combining with his "Lotus Killing Intent", was indeed terrifying, but it was unable to cause any substantial harm to him.
It's mainly because Wang Yanmiao oppressed my soul and affected my state of mind.
Only by stabilizing one's soul and maintaining one's state of mind would one be able to resist it!
"That's right, use that move!"
The state of selflessness!
Completely forget about oneself!
The state of selflessness was actually a very profound state of soul cultivation.
Even with the strength of the Divine Reflection Realm, there were very few people who could comprehend this state. This was because cultivating the soul and cultivating the body were two completely different things.
Completely selfless, with no desires or desires.
After entering the state of selflessness, Luo Zheng looked down on himself with a completely different attitude. It was as if his body was just an empty shell that could be destroyed by others. He was not the slightest bit moved or afraid.
As for Wang Yanmiao, no matter how powerful your Lotus Killing Intent was, if you wanted to rely on these to destroy his body, it would be a dream.
After entering the state of selflessness, Luo Zheng had completely calmed down. His deathly pale face gradually returned to normal. His eyes revealed an ethereal color. He looked at Wang Yanmiao very calmly and even revealed a faint smile.
You're strong, you're strong. No matter how much killing intent or power you, Wang Yanmiao, I will remain unmoved!
Wang Yanmiao originally thought that Luo Zheng would not be able to hold on. Just now, he had poured in even more True Essence to burn and explode. This was enough to be the straw that broke Luo Zheng's back.
He didn't expect this brat to be so tenacious. Not only did he not retreat half a step, he faced him with an even more relaxed expression. That smile on his face, was it ridicule?
Wang Yanmiao felt that he was a giant, and Luo Zheng was an ant crawling on the ground. This ant was very tenacious. He gently blew at it, but it actually firmly clung to the ground, not moving at all. So he blew at it again, but this ant still stubbornly clung to the ground and even mocked him, a giant!
Unconsciously, anger rose in Wang Yanmiao's heart!
With his status and strength, he was actually angered by a mere Marrow Refining Stage cultivator.
This was equivalent to an adult getting angry while teasing an ant.
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, it would have sounded unbelievable.
Wang Yanmiao's previous politeness, modesty, and restraint towards Luo Zheng had disappeared without a trace.
He became serious towards an ant.
"Kneel for me!" Wang Yanmiao slowly raised his hand and gently pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Since I can't suppress you with just my aura, I'll use my true strength!
Wang Yanmiao gently waved her arm and lotus flowers appeared around Luo Zheng. Then, like rain, they began to fall down in bits and pieces.
The weight of these lotus flowers was astonishing. When some lotus flowers touched the ground, they immediately crushed the black gravel on the ground, causing it to sink deeply.
Each lotus flower had the weight of more than ten cauldrons!
Some of the lotus flowers scattered on Luo Zheng's shoulders and took root and sprouted on Luo Zheng's body!
In the blink of an eye, more than ten exceptionally beautiful lotus flowers fell on Luo Zheng's body, head, and back.
These lotus flowers had the strength of more than a hundred cauldrons.
Equivalent to more than a hundred cauldrons, a terrifying gravity of more than a hundred thousand jin, pulled Luo Zheng's body to the ground.
"What a terrifying weight!"
Luo Zheng's back was bent under the weight of the lotus flowers.
This enormous force was too much for him to bear.
However, no matter how bent his spine was, his legs were still straight!
"You want to make me yield with this little bit of strength?" Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and stiffened his body. His eyes revealed an unyielding look.
"Oh? Thirteen lotus flowers, that's 130 cauldrons of strength, and it's still not enough to make you kneel? " The mockery in Wang Yanmiao's eyes intensified. With another wave of his hand, more than ten lotus flowers fell lightly and attached themselves to Luo Zheng's body at the same time.
More than 200 cauldrons of strength!
"Let's see how you're going to hold on," Wang Yanmiao said indifferently.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's feet sank deeply into the ground. Thick black gravel wrapped around his legs.
Luo Zheng gasped for breath. Looking at Wang Yanmiao's disdainful face, a wave of anger rose from his heart.
The enormous pressure pressed him into the ground step by step. His knees were also bending little by little. It was only a matter of time before he knelt down in front of him.
"Yes, just like that. Kneel down. With your little strength, only kneel down will you have the right to talk to me!" Wang Yanmiao said with a chuckle.
Just as Luo Zheng's knees were about to touch the ground, Luo Zheng suddenly roared, "You want me to kneel down with you? In your dreams! "
At the same time as he roared, Luo Zheng communicated with the sculpture of Qinglong in his mind. The seven dragon scales lit up at the same time. A power that originated from ancient times, from the wilderness, and from the depths of the universe rushed towards Luo Zheng's body in an extremely turbulent manner.
At the same time, every muscle in Luo Zheng's body tensed up.
In an instant, Luo Zheng broke free from the 20 lotus flowers all over his body!
"Xiu!"
The broken throwing knife in his hand suddenly shot out.
"Soul-Shaking Spike!"
The grayish Soul-Shaking Spike arrived first, fiercely stabbing towards Wang Yanmiao's head.
Luo Zheng had used this set of attack countless times in actual combat. He was already incomparably adept at it. It was almost done in one go!
This was also his greatest killing move now!
Wang Yanmiao was caught off guard and was stabbed by Luo Zheng's Soul-Shaking Spike.
If an ordinary expert was stabbed by Luo Zheng's Soul-Shaking Spike, their soul would definitely be damaged and the pain would be unbearable.
Even an expert of Xiantian Stage Four like He Tiancheng would suffer the same.
However, when the Soul-Shaking Spike pierced Wang Yanmiao's head, a red light curtain suddenly appeared on his head and blocked the Soul-Shaking Spike.
However, the Soul-Shaking Spike was a Heaven Stage technique after all. The Soul-Shaking Spike was only slightly blocked. It still pierced through the red light curtain and stabbed into Wang Yanmiao's head.
Wang Yanmiao was worthy of being an expert of the Divine Reflection Realm. His soul was also very strong. The Soul-Shaking Spike only made him dizzy for a moment before he recovered.
However, it was this moment that almost took Wang Yanmiao's life.
Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife shot over. By the time Wang Yanmiao regained his consciousness, it was only a few feet away from his head.
A lotus flower suddenly appeared in front of the broken flying dagger, and was immediately pierced through by the broken flying dagger.
Two more lotus flowers blocked the path of the broken throwing knife but were still pierced by it.
It wasn't until the third lotus flower, which contained more than ten ding of strength, heavily smashed into the broken throwing knife that the extremely sharp throwing knife deviated from its target.
However, even though it deviated, the throwing knife still left a bloody mark on Wang Yanmiao's incomparably handsome face.
One could imagine that if Wang Yanmiao's reaction had been just a bit slower, he would have most likely become a lifeless corpse at this moment.
Wang Yanmiao's talent was outstanding since he was a child. His journey on the martial path was smooth sailing. He was already in the Divine Reflection Realm at a young age and became a rising star among the imperial city's landowning households.
Although the Wang Family was a landowning household, it was originally only a small landowning household compared to the seven major landowning households.
However, because the Wang Family produced Wang Yanmiao and Wang Yanmiao's father, Wang Daonan, these two people brought the Wang Family step by step into the top ten ranks. They were faintly on par with the traditional seven major aristocratic families!
It was impossible for any cultivator of the martial path to reach where they were by smooth sailing.
However, this was the closest Wang Yanmiao had ever come to death.