According to the method recorded in the 《Demonic God Fist》, Luo Zheng once again assumed that strange posture.
After all, it was a cultivation method practiced by the Demon Race. If a human wanted to forcibly practice it, they would have to pay a high price.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's physique was far stronger than that of ordinary people. If it was another person practicing the 《Demonic God Fist》, it would be difficult to achieve even the first step.
After circulating his power, Luo Zheng's brows slightly wrinkled.
He couldn't feel the slightest bit of Demonic True Qi in his body.
Why was that?
Thinking back, yesterday, Luo Zheng only managed to cultivate a trace of Demonic True Qi. Then, like a wild beast, that Demonic True Qi swallowed up all the Purple Sandalwood True Qi in his body and transformed it into Demonic True Qi.
But yesterday's last punch, "Demonic Moves the World", exhausted all the Demonic True Qi in his body …
Generally speaking, one only needed to find the trick to practicing a cultivation method. After the first time, it was equivalent to opening a door. The following practice would be smooth for a while until they encountered the next obstacle.
But Luo Zheng, who walked back the same path, was rare.
Yesterday it was obviously fine, but today it was not …
What was the reason? Did he miss something?
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng still couldn't think of a reason. This Saint Class cultivation method was indeed powerful, but it was actually so difficult to practice. This was something that Luo Zheng didn't expect.
What was the difference between yesterday and today? Luo Zheng pondered deeply.
Yesterday, when he faced Wang Yanmiao, it was almost a certain death situation. At that time, Luo Zheng completely held the mentality of treating a dead horse as a living horse. He tried three times in a row, and finally condensed a trace of Demonic True Qi.
Today, Luo Zheng was in Xiao Yufeng, but it was a very safe environment.
Could it be that the 《Demonic God Fist》 could only be used when one was forced to the brink of desperation?
Yesterday, in that absolute adversity, Luo Zheng felt that he had fallen into a very wonderful state. In this state, every action he repeated, every thought became extremely slow. This kind of comprehension was hard to describe, but at the same time, it was wonderful beyond words.
In the room, Luo Zheng tried hard to recall the feeling he had yesterday.
It was as if he was possessed, pacing back and forth in the room. Unknowingly, he had walked like this for nearly an hour.
Suddenly, a bright light flashed in his eyes, and he leaped up. When he landed on the ground, he was already in the starting position of the Heavenly Demon God Fist.
"If there is any demonic intent in the upper and lower body, use your heart to balance it …"
Luo Zheng's arms swayed gently in a certain direction. After making a circle, they gathered at his Dantian. At this moment, a trace of dark purple Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi appeared between his hands!
Looking at the tiny trace of Heavenly Devil True Qi, Luo Zheng's face lit up with excitement.
He had seen the power of the Heavenly Demon God Fist the day before. The Demon Shakes the World could actually fight against a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse!
Of course, Luo Zheng was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. Wanting to use the Heavenly Demon God Fist to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse was undoubtedly wishful thinking. However, he had forced Wang Yanmiao to use all her strength to block his move, which was enough to prove the terror of a Saint Class Cultivation Method.
However, condensing this Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was abnormally difficult. Just now, he had only managed to condense a trace of it. At this speed, it would take several months for the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi to fill Luo Zheng's Dantian …
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly had an idea!
Since this Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi could devour other types of Genuine Qi, then I don't need to condense it.
Just like yesterday, his body was clearly filled with Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi, but after condensing a trace of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi, it instantly devoured all of the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi and transformed it into Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi. Not only that, the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi also devoured Wang Yanmiao's Genuine Yuan.
Since the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi had such a miraculous characteristic, why wouldn't Luo Zheng use it?
Then, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged and began to practice the mental cultivation method of the Luo Family's "Purple Sandalwood Fist".
Luo Zheng had been practicing the "Purple Sandalwood Fist" for many years, and under Luo Zheng's practice, streams of Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi vigorously gushed out of Luo Zheng's Dantian.
When the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi emerged, the trace of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi in his Dantian was like a shark that smelled blood. It rushed toward the Purple Sandalwood Genuine Qi, and at the same time, quickly devoured and transformed it …
Luo Zheng practiced the mental cultivation method of the "Purple Sandalwood Fist", but the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi in his body grew more and more. After about two hours, the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi finally filled his Dantian.
Luo Zheng stretched out his arm, and the rolling Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi spiraled out of his arm, like a purple-black fairy, swaying in his hand.
Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and the purple-black fairy unexpectedly left his palm, jumped out, and bounced in the corner of the wall.
"Hey! Genuine Qi is released from the body! "
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng himself was stunned.
At the fifth level of the Physical Body Realm, Genuine Qi could only exist in the body or on the surface of the body. Once it left the body, it was like a rootless source, dissipating between heaven and earth.
Only after stepping into the half-step Xiantian realm could Genuine Qi leave the body!
Just like when Luo Zheng left the Luo Family, Second Uncle Luo Bingquan was able to pour Genuine Qi into several long swords, and then control the Genuine Qi to control the sword to kill the enemy. Only half-step Xiantian cultivators could do that.
Luo Zheng was still in the Marrow Refining Realm. Although he could also pour Genuine Qi into the long swords, once the long swords left the hands, the Genuine Qi would disappear without a trace, losing its effect.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng saw with his own eyes that after the purple-black Innate Genuine Qi left the body, it still didn't disappear!
"Could it be that I have already broken through the Marrow Refining Realm?"
Before entering Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng had already faintly reached the peak of the Marrow Refining Realm.
Yesterday, when he fought with Wang Yanmiao in Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng's body was suppressed by Wang Yanmiao's lotus. The power he bore almost broke the limit of what he could bear, causing a huge amount of warm current to flow in his body, cleansing his body.
Could it be that at that time, the impurities in his bone marrow had already been cleansed?
Yesterday, he was too excited and had already completely neglected this matter. Now that he thought about it, the possibility of this was very high.
After Luo Zheng immediately checked his body, a faint smile appeared on his face. His bone marrow was indeed incomparably pure, without the slightest trace of impurities. He had already become a half-step Xiantian cultivator.
The fifth level of the Physical Body Realm was the foundation of martial cultivation.
Only after removing all the impurities in the body could one become a Xiantian lifeform with a pure body.
There was only one difference between the half-step Xiantian realm and the Xiantian realm, and that was the difference between Genuine Qi and Genuine Essence. Only after transforming Genuine Qi into Genuine Essence could one truly become a Xiantian lifeform.
During yesterday's trip to Purgatory Mountain, although he didn't see his sister, stepping into the half-step Xiantian realm could be considered a considerable gain. On this day, Luo Zheng was consolidating his cultivation and exploring the technique of releasing Genuine Qi.
Three days passed in a flash. Only then did Luo Zheng leave his room.
On Xiao Yufeng, as usual, the outer sect disciples came and went in a hurry, busy with cultivation.
Those who could enter the Blue Cloud Sect, regardless of their talent, must have strong perseverance. They wouldn't be obsessed with external things and understood the principle that the heavens reward the diligent.
The only difference was that when those people looked at Luo Zheng, their eyes flashed with a fiery light. A considerable portion of the outer sect disciples took Luo Zheng as their role model and constantly worked hard to cultivate.
"Brother Luo Zheng, today is the day to receive the medicinal pills. Are you going to receive it too?" Before he took two steps, Mo Can and Zhou Xian walked over.
The day to receive the medicinal pills?
Luo Zheng stared blankly. He had forgotten about this matter.
Those who could become a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect would naturally enjoy the benefits of the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect would distribute a sum of benefits every month according to each person's cultivation realm and status.
Luo Zheng then nodded. As a member of the Blue Cloud Sect, these benefits were originally his to receive. He immediately followed Mo Can and Zhou Xian to Xiao Yufeng's side peak.
Along the way, Mo Can began to fiddle with some of his gossipy news.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you've been cultivating in seclusion these past few days. Have you heard about Purgatory Mountain's matters?" Even though Mo Can entered the Blue Cloud Sect later than Zhou Xian, he was now even more well-informed than Zhou Xian.
Luo Zheng pretended to be surprised and asked, "Oh? What happened in Purgatory Mountain? "
"Sigh, then you've missed it. Several days ago, there was a Radiant Deity Realm disciple who displayed great might in Purgatory Mountain! That scene was too shocking. Even from our Xiao Yufeng, we could see that pillar of light that rushed into the sky! "Mo Can's saliva splashed everywhere. When he described it, it was as if he was personally there that day.
When he heard Mo Can's words, Luo Zheng was instead inwardly shocked. He originally thought that in a place like Purgatory Mountain, the bitter cultivators who personally witnessed it wouldn't be able to come out. He never expected that this matter would still spread in the Blue Cloud Sect. Fortunately, from Mo Can's tone, he shouldn't know that he was also in Purgatory Mountain back then.
"A Radiant Deity Realm expert, that really is formidable!" Luo Zheng nodded, a yearning expression appearing on his face.
At this time, Zhou Xian instead took over and said, "Actually, even though Radiant Deity Realm experts are rare in the Blue Cloud Sect, they aren't that rare either. They can be seen in the inner peak competition every year. However, what is strange is that it is rumored that the one who fought against that Radiant Deity Realm expert was a Marrow Refinement Realm outer sect disciple …"
"Ah?" Luo Zheng pretended to be shocked. "This rumor can't be trusted, right?"
"I feel like it is impossible!" Zhou Xian shook his head. "This rumor is just too ridiculous. What kind of concept is the Radiant Deity Realm? Just the pressure released from burning true essence alone can suppress a Marrow Refinement Realm expert to death. The difference between the two is like the difference between an ant and an elephant. "
"That's hard to say! Brother Luo Zheng didn't rely on the Marrow Refinement Realm to defeat a Xiantian Realm expert! "Mo Can clearly had a kind of blind optimism about the weak defeating the strong.
However, Zhou Xian, who had been in the Blue Cloud Sect for a long time, truly understood just how great the gap between realms was. "Mo Can, you might not understand what kind of concept the Radiant Deity Realm is. The Burning Heaven Empire is vast, and its population is in the millions. How many people can enter the Radiant Deity Realm? The difference between the Radiant Deity Realm and Xiantian Realm is much greater than you imagine! It's best if you don't take this kind of rumor too seriously. "
"I actually believe that there will always be miracles …"
"You want to say that something like an ant eating an elephant …"