In a side hall on Xiao Yufeng's side peak, several attendants from the Blue Cloud Sect were currently handing out pills.
Right now, there weren't many people receiving pills. Luo Zheng's group of three took out their disciple tokens and received several pills from the attendants.
These second rank Energy Gathering Pills could increase the speed at which one condensed true energy, and could be used to assist in cultivation. If they were sold outside the Blue Cloud Sect, they could be sold for a good price. However, if they were sold inside the Blue Cloud Sect, they would be rather ordinary items.
After putting away these pills, the three of them saw a fat figure quickly walk over from the mountain path.
Even though that person was fat, his walking speed was extremely fast. There was only one person like him on Xiao Yufeng. It was precisely the fatty Zhang Wuxian who was injured on the arena a few days ago.
"Brother Wuxian." The three of them greeted him.
When Zhang Wuxian saw Luo Zheng's group, he also greeted them with a smile.
"Brother Wuxian's injuries have all healed, right?" Luo Zheng asked. Ever since he returned from Purgatory Mountain, he had been in seclusion for three days in a row. He didn't have time to visit Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian swung his thick arm. "These injuries are nothing! I've already healed! "
Luo Zheng nodded. "Then that's good."
"Brother Wuxian, you seem to be in a hurry. Receiving pills isn't an urgent matter. Could it be that you still have important matters to attend to?" Zhou Xian asked from the side.
Zhang Wuxian nodded and said, "Yes. In a bit, I need to make a trip out of the Blue Cloud Sect. Today, the Imperial Capital's Tianlu Auction House is going to make a big move. My older brother wants me to go and observe."
"Tianlu Auction House?" Mo Can and Zhou Xian's eyes immediately widened. As if they thought of something, they said almost simultaneously, "Brother Wuxian, don't tell me you're someone from Tianlu Zhang Family?"
It was Luo Zheng who was the slowest. When he saw the two's reactions, he was completely confused.
Zhang Wuxian, on the other hand, nodded his head and admitted it.
The Tianlu Zhang Clan was a legendary clan in the Burning Heaven Empire.
This family didn't have any outstanding geniuses. The Zhang Family couldn't even be considered a noble family!
However, the strength hidden behind this family was far beyond that of an ordinary landowning household! In fact, they could even faintly be on par with the seven great aristocratic families!
The reason was that the descendants of the Zhang family were almost all business geniuses.
The members of this clan almost controlled the economic lifeline of the entire Sky-Scorching Empire. The biggest ticketing companies, auction houses, and trading centers in the empire were all owned by the Zhang Clan.
Even the currency system that used square crystals as the core of the transaction was established by the Zhang family.
Therefore, the Zhang family's economic status in the empire could be said to be unparalleled.
The famous Tianlu Auction House was one of the properties of the Zhang Clan.
Every year, ninety percent of the major transactions and auctions in the empire were conducted through the Tianlu Auction House.
"I can't tell! Brother Wuxian, I didn't expect you to be a disciple of the Zhang Clan! "Zhou Xian exclaimed as he shook his head. He never expected this.
"The Tianlu Auction House is very difficult for ordinary people to even set foot in. Brother Wuxian, can you take us there to broaden our horizons?" Mo Can was the most interested in this kind of thing. Naturally, he wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
Zhang Wuxian nodded, "Sure! This is a small matter! "Then, he looked at Luo Zheng," Brother Luo Zheng, why don't you come with us? "
Luo Zheng originally wanted to refuse Zhang Wuxian's invitation. He had just broken through to the half-step Xiantian Realm. He still needed to cultivate diligently and stabilize his realm. To him, time was never enough.
Luo Zheng was about to refuse, but at this moment, he changed his mind, "Brother Wuxian, can any item be auctioned in this auction house?"
Zhang Wuxian smiled, "It's not just any item. It has to be valuable at least. If it's too ordinary, it won't be qualified to enter the Tianlu Auction House."
The value of items that could be auctioned in the Tianlu Auction House was naturally not low.
After hearing Zhang Wuxian's words, Luo Zheng wanted to go and take a look. The last time he went to the south, he obtained a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core.
This Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was temporarily useless in his hands. Naturally, he wanted to sell it as soon as possible.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Since everyone is going, I'll also join in the fun!"
"Okay, I'll take everyone there after I get my elixirs!" After Zhang Wuxian finished speaking, he went to the deacon to get his share of elixirs. Then, he took the three of them down the Xiao Yufeng.
After walking down the Xiao Yufeng, Zhang Wuxian took the three of them to a pavilion in the Blue Cloud Sect. He spent a square crystal to rent a Flying Chariot.
Seeing Zhang Wuxian's extravagant spending, Luo Zheng and the other two couldn't help but be speechless.
Although Luo Zheng also had a lot of square crystals on hand, and even more than a thousand points, he couldn't bear to waste a square crystal just for transportation.
After the four of them boarded the Flying Chariot, they flew out of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Ever since Luo Zheng came to the Imperial Capital, he hadn't had the chance to properly appreciate the scenery of the Imperial Capital. Now that he was standing on the Flying Chariot, the scenery of the Imperial Capital was unobstructed.
With the vastness of the Imperial Capital, even if the Flying Chariot flew at full speed, it still took half an hour.
"Look, it's the Burning Sky Palace!" Mo Can suddenly pointed to the left and said.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked in the direction Mo Can was pointing. He saw a huge circular wall.
Inside the wall, there were all kinds of giant pavilions and magnificent buildings. Around the wall, there was a seven-colored light covering it, faintly exuding a fierce power. There must be an extremely powerful array on the upper level of the Burning Sky Palace.
This was the center of the Burning Sky Empire!
Not long after bypassing the Burning Sky Palace, Zhang Wuxian controlled the Flying Chariot to descend, finally stopping in front of a large building.
At the front of the building, there were a few large words written on it, and they were even covered with a layer of gold foil.
The big words were "Tianlu Auction House."
In addition to Luo Zheng's group, there was a steady stream of Flying Chariots coming over and stopping in the surroundings.
Those who could enter the Tianlu Auction House to participate in the auction were either rich or noble, and there was no lack of people from various landowning households.
Zhang Wuxian was very familiar with his own auction house. He led Luo Zheng's group to the side, where there was another door to enter the venue.
"It's better to arrive at the right time than early. I heard from my brother that today's auction will be very exciting!" Zhang Wuxian said as he walked.
"Oh? What's the finale item today? " Zhou Xian and Mo Can came with the mentality of watching a good show. After all, they were Outer Sect disciples, how could they have the financial resources to buy anything?
Zhang Wuxian smiled mysteriously and said, "Everyone will know in a moment!"
Just as everyone took a detour to the side, they suddenly heard a stern shout in front of them, "Stop! This is the Tianlu Auction House. Unrelated people, please leave quickly."
A man wearing a red brocade robe and holding a long stick blocked the path of the four people.
Zhang Wuxian walked forward without batting an eyelid, took out a token, and waved it in front of the man.
When the man saw Zhang Wuxian's token, his expression changed immediately, and he said hurriedly, "I didn't know you were the Young Master of my family. This, this …"
Zhang Wuxian shook his head and said coldly, "It's not your fault that you didn't know. I'll bring my friends in."
"Please, this way please!" The man politely led the four people in.
The Zhang Family was indeed the wealthiest family. Even a random servant was a Xiantian Realm expert. Luo Zheng, Mo Can, and Zhou Xian sighed inwardly.
"Brother Wuxian, you didn't have any temper at all on the Xiao Yufeng. Now that you're back home, you're like a different person!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but laugh when he saw Zhang Wuxian's tense face.
Usually, when they saw Zhang Wuxian, they would smile. Now that they saw Zhang Wuxian like this, they were not used to it.
Zhang Wuxian looked around. After confirming that there was no one around, the muscles on his face relaxed, and he regained his smiling expression. "I can't help it. My family has taught me that people with the surname Zhang must show their dignity in front of others! Unfortunately, I'm not born to do so. "
After bypassing a long corridor, Zhang Wuxian led Luo Zheng and the others into the auction house.
The auction house was fan-shaped, and the seats were arranged in order from the high platform of the auction house. Luo Zheng and the others were in a wing room.
After settling the three of them down, Zhang Wuxian handed a token to Luo Zheng and the others and said, "You can stay here and watch. I'll take my leave first."
After saying that, he left. Zhang Wuxian came back today to help the family, so naturally, he could not accompany them here.
At this time, Luo Zheng followed Zhang Wuxian out of the wing room.
"Brother Wuxian, I want to ask you, how did this item end up in your auction house?" Luo Zheng asked in a low voice.
Zhang Wuxian looked at Luo Zheng in surprise. "Do you really have something you want to auction?"
It was not that Zhang Wuxian looked down on Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's strength was very strong, and his future potential was limitless, people like Luo Zheng were also people that the Zhang family wanted to rope in, and even invest in. However, as an outer sect disciple, what kind of good things could he take out?
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, I do have something I want to auction."
"Can you tell me what it is?" Zhang Wuxian was curious. He also knew that Luo Zheng was not a person who spoke without thinking. If the item he said had no value, he would not mention the auction.
Luo Zheng lowered his voice and said, "A Fire Scorpion Crystal Core."
The fat on Zhang Wuxian's face suddenly trembled twice.
The people of the Zhang family all had talent in business. Zhang Wuxian had been influenced by them since he was young, so he was very sensitive to the value of all kinds of treasures and rare materials.
When Zhang Wuxian heard Luo Zheng say that he had a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core, he wondered if he had heard wrong.
The Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had extraordinary uses. It was a precious material in the eyes of Alchemists and Weapon Refiners. Its uses aside, the most important point was that the Fire Scorpion Lion was on the brink of extinction. In Zhang Wuxian's memory, the last time a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was auctioned was three years ago.
Three years ago, the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had been auctioned for nearly twenty thousand square crystal stones. Moreover, according to Zhang Wuxian's knowledge, that Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was the core of a young Fire Scorpion Lion.
If Luo Zheng really had a Fire Scorpion Crystal Core to auction, then Zhang Wuxian had inadvertently won a big business for his family.
"Brother Luo Zheng, please come with me!" Zhang Wuxian saw that Luo Zheng did not seem to be joking, so he led Luo Zheng to a secret room in the auction house. Afterwards, Zhang Wuxian said, "Can you let me take a look at that Fire Scorpion Crystal Core?"
Seeing Zhang Wuxian's cautious appearance, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the Fire Scorpion Lion was very popular in the Empire, and its value was also very high, Zhang Wuxian's appearance was just too cautious.
Luo Zheng's finger rested on his spatial ring. Not long after, a Demonic Beast Crystal Core that flickered with the luster of flames appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
This Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was the size of a fist, and it was well protected. It was clearly the core of a young Fire Scorpion Lion.
＝＝＝＝＝