In the end, the halberd was sold for five thousand square crystals.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips, but he didn't find it a pity.
According to the market price, Luo Zheng could purchase those spirit tools of lower quality. After all, what he cared about was the molten iron essence contained in the spirit tools, and not the power of the spirit tools themselves.
Very quickly, Elder Hou auctioned off a few more items.
At this moment, Old Hou's voice changed. He said very seriously, "The next item will be the finale of today's auction. Everyone knows that two years ago, our Imperial Capital's Master Artificer, Che Daozi, passed away. This was a great loss to our entire Burning Heaven Empire. Fortunately, Che Daozi had countless descendants, and someone inherited his legacy. Today, I'd like to auction one of Che Daozi's' Artifact Refining Arts'. It's said that this book is a secret of his. Anyone who wishes to advance in the path of artificing should be able to learn from Master Che Daozi's teachings. With this book, they'll advance at lightning speed! "
Elder Hou's words sent the entire auction house into a frenzy.
Although there were three great artificers in the Sky-Scorching Empire, none of them could compare to Che Daozi.
Since the Artifact Refining Arts was a secret, it must contain Che Daozi's experience and techniques.
Every landowning household dreamed of having a top artificer.
But how could it be so easy to invite an artificer?
Of the three great artificers, one was in the Wang Clan, one was in the Blue Cloud Sect, and one was in the Sky-Scorching Palace. Even if one spent a fortune, they wouldn't be able to invite them out.
If a Grandmaster Artifact Refiner was born in his family, it would be a great thing for the entire landowning household.
Everyone knew that even if they obtained the Artifact Refining Arts, they wouldn't necessarily become a grandmaster refiner. After all, Che Daozi had personally taught so many disciples and grand-disciples, but none of them had ever produced a grandmaster. However, no landowning household was willing to give up this opportunity.
"This Artifact Refining Arts belongs to our master. Please return it to us!"
"The Artifact Refining Arts is our master's legacy. How can we let you sell it as you please?!"
At this time, at the front of the auction house, seven or eight people suddenly clamored. These seven or eight people wore red robes with a small crafting furnace embroidered on their chests.
Seeing the crafting furnace, most of the people in the auction house understood the origins of these people.
It turned out that Che Daozi had once founded a sect called the Divine Refinement Gate. The disciples it recruited were all blacksmiths.
In all these years, although the Divine Refining School had not given birth to a Weapon Refining Grand Master, there were quite a few Weapon Refining Master s that had walked out. These Weapon Refining Master s were also of good quality, and they were basically all consecrated by the major clans.
No one expected that the people from the Divine Refining School would come to the auction house to cause trouble today.
"How can the items auctioned by the auction house be yours?"
"Interesting. You guys couldn't protect Che Daozi's relics well. Now that it's been leaked, you won't let others auction it?"
Several landowning households who originally wanted to bid for the book also began to clamor at this time.
"We don't care about that. Anyway, the Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique belongs to our late master. We must take it back now!" The leader of the Divine Refining School pointed at Elder Hou and said, "Your Tianlu Auction House, quickly hand over the Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique!"
Elder Hou had always been smiling, but at this moment, his face turned gloomy, "Since the first day of our Tianlu Auction House's establishment, we have not asked the origin of the auction items. Whoever gives this item to us, we will help them auction it. If you want to take it back from us, you absolutely can't do it!"
When the seven or eight people from the Divine Refining School heard this, their faces were immediately filled with anger. The leader said, "If that's the case, then we can only offend your auction house!" With that, the people from the Divine Refining School wanted to snatch it.
"Offend? Haha, you don't have the qualifications to offend our Tianlu Auction House! "Elder Hou sneered. With a wave of his hand, two people walked out from both sides of the stage.
Although these two people were wearing ordinary guard uniforms, no one dared to look down on them. Both of them were at the Xiantian ninth stage!
Elder Hou gave the two of them a look and said indifferently, "Teach them a lesson and then throw them out!"
The two guards nodded. Like wolves that had pounced into a flock of sheep, they started to attack the disciples of the Divine Refining School.
Although these people from the Divine Refining School were all Xiantian lifeforms, they were all Weapon Refiners. Their True Essence was all kinds of Weapon Refining True Fire …
If it was refining, they could be considered pretty good. However, when it came to fighting, they were definitely not a match for the two guards from the Zhang family.
In the blink of an eye, everyone heard a series of "pa pa pa pa" slaps. Basically, one slap was enough to make one faint. Then, the seven or eight people all fainted on the ground. Then, many servants rushed out of the auction house. They raised their heads and lifted their feet to carry the palanquin. Very quickly, they cleaned up the scene and the order of the auction house returned to normal.
Elder Hou placed the brocade box on the table and said, "I'm sorry. Everyone, a small interlude happened. Now, we will continue to auction this" Weapon Refining Art ". The starting price is five thousand square crystal stones.
As soon as Elder Hou finished speaking, someone in the auction house immediately raised the price, "Six thousand square crystal stones."
It was a lazy voice. In one breath, he increased the price by a thousand square crystal stones. Everyone looked over curiously.
In the corner, there was a young man dressed in silk. He was lying lazily on the body of a young woman. He looked rather tired.
When everyone saw the eight trigrams pattern tattooed on the young man's chest, they understood that the young man was from the Family Zhuge. Some people had already recognized that the young man was the third son of the Family Zhuge, Zhuge Feng.
This Zhuge Feng was known as the Three Lunatics. Usually, he acted strangely and craftily. His temper was also irritable. Why would this person bid for a "Weapon Refining Art"?
Frankly speaking, many people were unwilling to bid with Zhuge Feng. After all, this person was too unreasonable. If they really angered Zhuge Feng, it would bring them a lot of trouble.
"Six thousand one hundred square crystal stones." On the other side, an old man raised five hundred square crystal stones. For some people, this "Weapon Refining Art" was a must-have item. Therefore, some people did not choose to back down.
"Seven thousand!" Zhuge Feng's lazy voice sounded again.
"Eight thousand!" Another person joined the bidding team.
"Nine thousand!"
"Twelve thousand!"
"Fourteen thousand."
This "Weapon Refining Art" was just a few pages. However, the price was rising steadily under the bidding.
When the "Weapon Refining Art" rose all the way to twenty thousand square crystal stones, most people chose to give up.
Only the old man who competed with Zhuge Feng at the beginning was still persisting.
"Twenty thousand!" At this time, Zhuge Feng directly increased the price by six thousand square crystal stones!
Hearing Zhuge Feng's increase, the old man frowned and shook his head. In the end, he did not bid again. It was not that the old man was willing to give up, but that he could not afford more square crystal stones.
In this world, there were not many people who could take out twenty thousand square crystal stones in one go.
Zhuge Feng looked at the old man's sad face and sneered. At first, the old man was like a dog-skin plaster, following behind him and raising the price. He directly increased the price by six thousand square crystal stones to get rid of the old man!
"Is there anyone else who wants to bid?" Old Hou asked on the high platform. "If there is no one else, this" Weapon Refining Art "will be bought by Third Young Master Zhuge!"
At this time, a voice floated out from the side room.
"I bid twenty one hundred square crystal stones!" The person who spoke was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng suddenly joined the bidding and called out an astronomical number. Zhou Xian and Mo Can were shocked.
"Luo Zheng, are you crazy?"
"Do you have that many square crystal stones?"
Mo Can and Zhou Xian asked in a low voice. They were so anxious that sweat appeared on their foreheads.
Today, they followed Zhang Wuxian to the auction house with the mentality of watching a good show.
The items being auctioned were easily hundreds or thousands of square crystal stones. An ordinary outer disciple could not afford them.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng called out twenty one hundred square crystal stones, the two of them were shocked.