Luo Zheng indeed didn't have that many square crystals on hand.
However, on the way back from the rear hall, Luo Zheng had asked Zhang Wuxian that if there was anything he liked, he could bid for it first, as long as it didn't exceed the reserve price of the Fire Scorpion Crystals.
That was why when Luo Zheng saw that < Weapon Refinement Arts >, he didn't hesitate too much. When most of the bidders were eliminated, he directly bid from the back.
Twenty thousand one hundred square crystals.
If it was before he went to Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't be willing to spend such a large amount of square crystals to buy < Weapon Refinement Arts >. He would rather save up these square crystals and exchange them for Blue Cloud Sect points.
However, only after entering Purgatory Mountain, did Luo Zheng truly understand just how great the gap between him and Luo Yan was.
If he wanted to cross this gap, he had to improve himself in all aspects.
It wasn't only in terms of strength.
If he learned how to refine weapons himself, even became an Weapon Refinement Grandmaster, then his right to speak on Luo Yan's matters would be much greater.
Even though even if he obtained this < Weapon Refinement Arts > and familiarized himself with the contents, Luo Zheng still might not be able to become an Weapon Refinement Master. However, Luo Zheng didn't have too many choices right now, he could only work hard in the direction he planned for himself.
That was why this < Weapon Refinement Arts > was something Luo Zheng had to obtain.
"Don't worry, Brother Mo Can, Brother Zhou Xian, since I dare bid for it, I naturally have that many square crystals." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Even though the two of them were confused as to where exactly Luo Zheng obtained several tens of thousands of square crystals, when they thought about how Luo Zheng was never one to act recklessly, since he said he could take it out, then he definitely could. Only then did they relax a bit.
In the auction house, quite a few people cast their eyes towards the side room.
When they saw that the one bidding in the side room was actually a youngster, moreover a Blue Cloud Sect outer disciple, their faces immediately revealed looks of shock.
Twenty thousand cubes of crystal was a huge fortune, no matter where you went.
It was impossible for an ordinary family to gather so much money. Then, this white-robed little fellow who was only at the Half-step Xiantian Realm, was he a disciple of a great aristocratic family?
Some people on the scene were whispering, speculating about Luo Zheng's identity.
Zhuge Feng raised his eyebrows and shouted, "Twenty thousand!"
The Zhuge Family's most important goal this time was to obtain the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques. The family heads had urged Zhuge Feng to obtain the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques no matter the cost. This was because the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques contained many of Che Daozi's secrets, especially some of his accomplishments in refining.
In fact, from Zhuge Feng's point of view, 20,000 cubic crystals for a lousy book was not worth it at all.
Although he looked calm on the surface, he was actually very angry in his heart.
However, the elders in his family had asked him to come forward and obtain the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques no matter what. At this moment, he couldn't express his anger in the slightest. Otherwise, if his competitors saw through it and fought him to the death, it wouldn't be worth it. The auction itself was a kind of psychological game.
Therefore, although Zhuge Feng was bidding recklessly, he had actually carried out a psychological game.
"Twenty-one thousand and one hundred cubes of crystal." After Zhuge Feng raised the price, Luo Zheng added another hundred cubes of crystal to Zhuge Feng's bid.
Luo Zheng's voice was very steady. He didn't shrink back, nor did he bear to give in. At the same time, he was very confident.
Zhuge Feng realized that he was in trouble. This kid was probably going to fight him to the end.
This trouble didn't only come from the kid who increased the price, but also from someone else.
Although Zhuge Feng had always acted crazy and absurd, those who truly understood him knew that his craziness was nothing but a disguise.
If Zhuge Feng continued to compete with the kid in the side room and raised the price of the Refiner's Ancestral Techniques too high, it would definitely arouse the vigilance of the other landowning households, which would then lead the other landowning households into the bidding.
"Twenty-one thousand and one hundred cubes of crystal!" Old Hou shouted from the stage. "Is there anyone who wants to bid higher?"
"20,000 taels of crystal." Zhuge Feng shouted again. He touched the face of the young woman beside him. "Concubine Zhuo, make that kid shut up!"
Concubine Zhuo's face was full of charm. She straightened her slender waist and twisted towards the side room in the back row.
"Twenty-two thousand and one hundred cubes!"
Luo Zheng had just added another hundred cubes of crystal when a beautiful woman suddenly appeared at the door of the side room.
That beautiful woman swayed her waist as she leaned against the door of the side room. She revealed a seductive smile and said, "Little brother, can I talk to you about something?"
Mo Can and Zhou Xian were hot-blooded youths after all. Seeing the mature and seductive Concubine Zhuo, their hearts immediately raced.
However, Luo Zheng turned his head and calmly looked at Concubine Zhuo. He asked, "What is it?"
"My family's young master said that you should give up on this auction." Concubine Zhuo's eyes moved as she stared straight at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded towards Concubine Zhuo. He smiled and said, "Why should I give up?"
"Because it was my family's young master who said it." Concubine Zhuo said with a light smile, but her brown eyes faintly contained a threatening intent.
My family's young master said it so confidently and confidently.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Ever since he came to the imperial capital and entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had encountered too many unreasonable fellows. Luo Zheng revealed a trace of ridicule. "Your family's young master? Who is your family's young master? "
"My family's young master's surname is Zhuge." Concubine Zhuo felt that the Family Zhuge name was already big enough. As long as it was a normal person, when they heard the two words' Zhuge ', they would understand the weight. Unless this youngster in front of her was an idiot, only then would he continue to insist.
"Surnamed Zhuge?" Luo Zheng's face sunk. Ever since he entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had incurred quite a bit of enmity with this Family Zhuge. From Purgatory Mountain all the way to the southern part of the empire, this family's people had always been reluctant to part with him.
"Right, my family's young master's surname is Zhuge, and his first name is a single 'Feng'. I believe you have heard of him before. Therefore, I ask you to stop bidding, or else you will be in a lot of trouble." When Concubine Zhuo saw Luo Zheng's expression, the corners of her lips curled into a smile.
"Oh! Zhuge Feng! "Luo Zheng nodded." The one known as the Three Madmen? "
Concubine Zhuo laughed and said, "It seems like you have also heard of my family's young master's nickname …"
"Just tell him to go die." Luo Zheng's tone suddenly changed as he sneered.
In this instant, Concubine Zhuo's smile froze on her face. She originally thought that this youngster would obediently submit, but she didn't expect his attitude to suddenly take a 180-degree turn.
The problem was that this youngster clearly knew who Zhuge Feng was, yet he still dared to speak like this. This meant that he didn't have much of a fear towards Zhuge Feng.
A streak of true essence escaped from Concubine Zhuo's hair …
Concubine Zhuo's green hair surged like the waves of the sea. It condensed together in a spiral shape, forming four or five sharp cones that pointed at Luo Zheng. "Those who offend my family's young master are all repentant in their graves. Do you want to die?"
Luo Zheng's face carried a smile. He pointed at the auction's surroundings and said with a light chuckle, "You want to fight? Let's figure out where this place is first. "
The dispute in the side room immediately attracted the attention of the entire auction house.
Several guards of the Zhang Family also walked over from the corner when they saw that there was a dispute. The Tianlu Auction House had to protect the safety of its customers. Fighting was absolutely prohibited in the auction house.
Concubine Zhuo dispersed her true essence, and the sharp cone-like hair immediately returned to its original shape. She then snorted coldly and left Luo Zheng's side room.
Luo Zheng looked at the woman's seductive back and shouted, "Twenty-four thousand one hundred!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's bid and seeing Concubine Zhuo's ashen face, Zhuge Feng already understood that Concubine Zhuo's threat had failed.
"What did that fellow say?" Zhuge Feng asked with a smile.
Concubine Zhuo said gloomily, "He told you to go die!"
"Oh?" When Zhuge Feng heard this, his face didn't rise. Instead, he reached out and touched Concubine Zhuo's face. He smiled and said, "Such an arrogant fellow? I haven't seen him in a long time! Since that's the case, I'm withdrawing from this auction! "
Concubine Zhuo widened her eyes and looked at Zhuge Feng. She asked, "Why are you withdrawing? Young Master, are you really afraid of that fellow? "
Zhuge Feng shrugged his shoulders. "If the bidding continues, those old fellows won't be able to sit still. If this book falls into the hands of those old fellows, I'm afraid that we won't be able to get it back. It's better to give it to that arrogant fellow first and then take it back from him."
Concubine Zhuo finally understood Zhuge Feng's idea.
It was true that they couldn't make a move in the Tianlu Auction House, but that fellow would definitely leave the auction house. Moreover, he was wearing the outer disciple robe of the Blue Cloud Sect. It wouldn't be difficult to investigate his identity. For Zhuge Feng, taking the book back from him was a piece of cake.
Since Zhuge Feng had stopped the bidding, there was no one to compete with Luo Zheng. The book naturally fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
However, according to the rules, the auction items had to be settled in cash. At this moment, Luo Zheng's Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had yet to be auctioned, so the book couldn't be handed over to Luo Zheng.
On the high platform, Old Hou said, "There was a small accident during the auction of the book, but it was sold for a good price. After this, our Tianlu Auction House still has two more treasures. They were originally going to be the finale of the auction, but now we've decided to sell them in advance! The starting price of these two treasures is much higher than the book, but I believe that everyone here will be very interested! "
After Old Hou finished speaking, he took out a small jade bottle from his hand.
Then, Old Hou shook the small jade bottle in the air. At the same time, he released a stream of vital essence from his hand and rolled it towards the opening of the small jade bottle.
Some small particles escaped from the opening of the jade bottle. They were like water droplets, but they had a metallic luster.
"There are 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence here! The starting price is 20,000 square crystals. Everyone can make their own bids! " Old Hou waved his hand and used his vital essence to spread out the drops of Sky Amplification Essence so that everyone in the auction house could see them more clearly.
"Wow —"
Hearing the words "Sky Amplification Essence", the entire auction house was in an uproar.
This Sky Amplification Essence could be directly added to a Dharma treasure, and it could forcefully upgrade the Dharma treasure by one grade!
For example, a Dharma treasure that was originally a middle-grade spiritual weapon could be upgraded to an upper-grade Dharma treasure after Sky Amplification Essence was added.
However, Sky Amplification Essence was extremely rare. Until now, not many drops had appeared. Moreover, every time Sky Amplification Essence appeared, it would immediately be injected into the weapons of others.
It was said that Sky Amplification Essence was the foundation of all Mystic Weapons, Spiritual Weapons, and even Immortal Weapons!
The reason why these Dharma treasures and weapons were so powerful and could contain such terrifying power was because they had fused with a trace of the Dao of Heaven's Divination during the refining process. The essence of the Dao of Heaven's Divination was the pure Dao of Heaven's Divination!
Logically speaking, even a low-grade Dharma treasure would contain a trace of Sky Amplification Essence. However, until now, no one had been able to extract it from it.
In the side room, Luo Zheng opened his mouth wide. He looked at the small silver particles that were held in the air by Old Hou's vital essence. His heart was also violently shaken.
Weren't these small things the molten iron essence left behind after the Dharma treasure was smelted by the black fire in his mind?
＝＝＝＝＝