Luo Zheng did not know what those silver droplets were.
In order to figure it out, Luo Zheng had flipped through the blacksmithing techniques left behind by Xie Lang, but to no avail.
Luo Zheng reckoned that it was on par with Xie Lang's level.
In Chongyang County, Xie Lang could be considered a decent craftsman. However, in the Imperial Capital, he was completely insignificant.
Luo Zheng was very puzzled by the reaction of the entire auction house.
Were these silver droplets really that valuable?
"Twenty-three thousand square crystals! These Heaven Derivation Essences are mine! " An old man stood up and shouted. He had a head full of white hair, but his face was rosy and full of vitality.
"Hehe, Old Huang! This Heaven Derivation Essence cannot be enjoyed by you alone. Twenty-five thousand square crystals. "A low, muffled voice came from a dark-skinned old man.
The rosy-faced old man raised his eyebrows and said, "Yu Qiu, I must have these Heaven Derivation Essences. Don't fight with me today!"
The two of them stood up and looked at each other. Their auras were released, and the auras of everyone in the auction house were reduced by a notch.
In the side room, Mo Can said, "These two people, one of them is surnamed Huang and the other is surnamed Yu. I believe one of them is from the Heavenly Dragon's Huang Clan and the other is from the Forbidden City's Yu Clan. They are both famous clans in the Imperial Capital. If that's the case, the price of the Heaven's Evolution Essence today will probably be astronomical."
None of the seven aristocratic families were short of money.
These two people seemed to be highly respected in the aristocratic families. If they really fought for it, one of them would probably not care about the cost.
However, although the Huang and Yu families were famous, there were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers in the auction house.
Other than the two old men, there were still others who were unwilling to give up. They also joined in, determined to win the Heaven Derivation Essence.
Only Luo Zheng was still staring at the high platform with his eyes wide open.
"What is this Heaven Derivation Essence? Why is it so valuable? Why is everyone fighting for it? "Luo Zheng asked in a daze.
Mo Can laughed. "I thought that Brother Luo Zheng was knowledgeable, but this time, you are a little ignorant. Have you really not heard of Heaven Derivation Essence?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. Although he had read books on blacksmithing, he had never learned about it. The first time he saw Heaven Derivation Essence was after the black fire in his mind had refined it.
Mo Can did not miss the opportunity to show off his knowledge. He cleared his throat and said, "Heaven Derivation Essence, actually, decades ago, someone discovered Heaven Derivation Essence. How could those blacksmithing Xuan weapons, Spirit, and even Immortal weapons? The reason is that when refining weapons and magic treasures, a trace of the Dao of Heaven's Divination is injected into the weapons. To put it simply, the more powerful the weapon, the more Heaven's Divination Essence it contains! "
...
Luo Zheng finally understood the whole situation.
For so long, the molten iron essence that Luo Zheng had devoured could be considered Heaven Derivation Earth Derivation Earth.
In his mind, Qinglong's sculpture needed to devour Heaven Derivation Essence to light up its dragon scales.
However, a high-grade Xuan weapon contained five to six drops of Heaven Derivation Essence. Logically speaking, Heaven Derivation Essence should not be as valuable as imagined. Why was that small bottle of Heaven Derivation Essence worth at least tens of thousands of crystals? And it seemed that the final transaction price was much higher than that?
Hence, Luo Zheng asked this question.
Mo Can smiled and said, "Indeed. Logically speaking, the Heaven's Derivation Essence exists in almost all ranked magic treasures. Even low-grade profound weapons contain the Heaven's Derivation Essence. However, no matter the grade of the magic treasure or weapon, no one can extract the Heaven's Derivation Essence. Regardless of whether you burn it or completely destroy the magic treasure, you will not be able to obtain a trace of the Heaven's Derivation Essence. This is also why there are so many people fighting over the Heaven's Derivation Essence whenever it appears and the price is so high …"
"Since no one can extract Heaven Derivation Essence, why is there one here?" Luo Zheng pointed at Elder Hou's hand on the stage.
Mo Can shrugged his shoulders and said, "I'm not sure about that. In this world, there are always some people with extreme luck who can find this thing by accident!"
While Luo Zheng was learning about the origin of Heaven Derivation Essence, the bidding continued to rise!
From the starting price of twenty thousand crystals, it soared to eighty thousand crystals in a short while.
Even for a great landowning family, more than a hundred thousand crystals was not a small sum.
However, the two old men had no intention of stopping. They kept bidding, and from time to time, others would join in the fun.
In the end, the fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence were won by "Old Man Huang" from the Huang family at a sky-high price of one hundred and twenty thousand crystals.
One hundred and twenty thousand crystals to buy fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng calculated silently in his heart.
One hundred crystals were enough to buy a superior-grade mystic weapon. A superior-grade mystic weapon could at least produce five drops of Heaven Derivation Essence.
Ten superior-grade mystic weapons, which was equivalent to one thousand crystals, were enough to produce fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence.
If these fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence were given to Qinglong, he could light up ten dragon scales.
However, if he sold these fifty drops of Heaven Derivation Essence, he could earn more than a hundred thousand crystals …
To Luo Zheng, this was a profitable business. It was definitely the way to get rich!
If everything went smoothly, Luo Zheng would be able to accumulate a considerable amount of wealth in a short period of time. Furthermore, the crystals could be exchanged for points. This way, rescuing Luo Yan would not be too difficult.
For a moment, Luo Zheng's emotions were surging. He did not even pay much attention to the auction. It was only when Elder Hou took out the fire scorpion crystal core that Luo Zheng reacted. It was time for the item he had entrusted to be auctioned off.
The fact that the fire scorpion crystal core was taken out after the Heaven Derivation Essence meant that it was more valuable than the Heaven Derivation Essence!
This was indeed the case.
The moment the fire scorpion crystal core appeared, the entire auction house went into an uproar.
Judging from everyone's reaction, they seemed to be more interested in the fire scorpion crystal core than the Heaven Derivation Essence. After all, it had been so many years since an adult fire scorpion crystal core had appeared.
However, the final price of the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core disappointed Luo Zheng. Although the final price was much higher than the base price, it was only seventy thousand cubic meters of crystal stones in the end. It was far less than the Heaven's Divination Essence.
The reason for this was that the Heaven Derivation Essence had been obtained by the Huang family. Since Elder Hou had already spent such a large sum of money to purchase the Heaven Derivation Essence, he naturally would not participate in the auction for the fire scorpion crystal core. In the end, the person who won the bid was the old man called Yu Qiu from the Forbidden City's Yu family.
"Seventy thousand cubes of crystals is enough! After deducting the handling fee from the Tianlu Auction House and the cost of the Weapon Refinement Sect manual, I still have about forty thousand crystals left. More importantly, I understand the use of the Heaven Derivation Essence! "
While Luo Zheng was in a daze, the auction at the Tianlu Auction House had already ended.
The people in the auction house began to leave in a single file.
Those who had won the bid had to stay behind to complete the transaction of cash and goods.
Luo Zheng had just stood up when he saw a young man dressed in silk smiling at him from afar. Beside him was the seductive woman who had visited Luo Zheng's room.
Luo Zheng immediately understood that this person was Zhuge Feng, the person who had been causing trouble for him and even sent people to kill him!
Zhuge Feng made a throat-slitting gesture and then grinned, revealing his white teeth. His face was full of evil charm.
Luo Zheng did not back down. He stretched out his finger and pointed at Zhuge Feng with a cold smile on his face.
Tit for tat!
When some people saw this scene, they could only sigh silently.
If two people of similar strength were to go against each other like this, it would indeed be considered tit for tat.
However, the guy in the room was only a Half-step to Connate. Why was he so arrogant? He dared to face Zhuge Feng directly. Was he crazy or did he have something to rely on?
On the other hand, Zhuge Feng was a little strange …
This should be the first time he had met that guy.
Even if he was a little unreasonable, why did that guy seem to be targeting him on purpose? Zhuge Feng could not figure it out.
At this moment, a servant in the Family Zhuge uniform walked over.
"I asked you to investigate. Have you found anything?" Zhuge Feng asked.