"Luo Zheng? So it's him? "
Zhuge Feng had a deep impression of this name.
Initially, this guy seemed to have kicked out his younger brother, Zhuge Hong, during the Trial of Blood.
After that, Zhuge Hong begged him to get rid of Luo Zheng.
Zhuge Feng naturally wouldn't personally deal with a Viscera Refining Stage junior. Thus, he ordered one of his subordinates, Manager Zhu, to handle this matter.
To Zhuge Feng's surprise, not only did Manager Zhu fail, he was even beaten up by Luo Zheng and came back crying to him with injuries all over his body.
At that time, Zhuge Feng still thought that Luo Zheng was just a clown who wasn't worth the effort. Until Cao Lei from the Xiao Yufeng came looking for him, Zhuge Feng sent the Black and White Double Demons to the south to kill Luo Zheng.
In the end, the Black and White Double Demons and Cao Lei both died in the south.
What Zhuge Feng didn't expect was that in just a few days, Luo Zheng actually stood in the auction house and looked for trouble with Zhuge Feng!
Thinking of this, the smile on Zhuge Feng's face became even wider.
He walked along the aisle of the auction house and slowly walked towards the side room.
Many people in the auction house saw this scene and immediately became nervous.
Zhuge Feng's personality was well-known in the imperial city.
Crazy, arrogant, and without a bottom line. If he fought here, the Zhang Family would really be in trouble.
At this time, Zhang Wuxian also came in from another door with his men.
Zhang Wuxian already knew that Luo Zheng and Zhuge Feng had a dispute. Zhang Wuxian also knew that Luo Zheng already had a grudge with Zhuge Feng's subordinates at the Xiao Yufeng party. Thus, he hurried over with his men and blocked in front of Zhuge Feng.
"Young Master Feng!" Zhang Wuxian walked up with a smile and greeted Zhuge Feng.
As the saying goes, don't hit a smiling face. Zhang Wuxian's simple and honest smile made it hard for people to get angry at him.
Zhuge Feng nodded and pointed at Zhang Wuxian. "You're … the second son of the Zhang Family. Zhang Wuji is your brother?"
Zhang Wuxian nodded. "Yes. My brother just went to see the guests out. He's not here right now..."
Zhuge Feng suddenly walked up and hugged Zhang Wuxian's fat body!
Everyone in the auction house was stunned. The two guards behind Zhang Wuxian also looked embarrassed and didn't know what to do.
They had to protect Zhang Wuxian's safety, but they were also wary of Zhuge Feng. Moreover, Zhuge Feng didn't want to hurt Zhang Wuxian. He just hugged him out of the blue.
Everyone said that Zhuge Feng was crazy. In fact, that was indeed the case. Otherwise, his nickname of "The Three Crazy Men" wouldn't have come from nothing.
Zhuge Feng indeed didn't do anything to Zhang Wuxian. He only stuck his head in Zhang Wuxian's ear and said, "I will give face to the Zhang Family and your brother, Zhang Wuji, so I won't do anything in the Zhang Family's territory. However, I have something to say to the little guy upstairs. Can you step aside first?"
Zhang Wuxian's forehead was full of sweat. He knew Zhuge Feng's strength very well. Perhaps Zhuge Feng only needed to use a little strength to kill him. However, Zhuge Feng was so polite. Zhang Wuxian could only nod stiffly.
Zhuge Feng let go of Zhang Wuxian and patted him on the shoulder. Then, he walked around Zhang Wuxian and walked up to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was on high alert. The Sky Devil True Qi in his body began to surge and spread out through his meridians. He was ready to attack.
"You're Luo Zheng?" Zhuge Feng asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded calmly. "What's the matter?"
"You beat up my family's dog and killed the Black White Double Demons?" Zhuge Feng asked again.
"Your family's servant offended me, so he deserved to be beaten up. The Black White Double Demons wanted to take my life, so he deserved to be killed!" Luo Zheng answered.
"Clap clap clap clap …"
Zhuge Feng suddenly clapped his hands. At this moment, almost everyone in the auction house had left. The remaining people didn't say a word, so the sound of Zhuge Feng's clapping was unusually ear-piercing.
"You've got guts. You even asked me to die just now. You've got guts. I haven't seen someone like you in a long time!" Zhuge Feng laughed. "But people like you usually die very quickly!"
What Zhuge Feng enjoyed the most was to put mental pressure on his opponent and torture them ruthlessly. Zhuge Feng had investigated Luo Zheng's background before. He was just a nobody with no background. Zhuge Feng had ten thousand ways to kill someone like him.
However, compared to physical injuries, Zhuge Feng preferred mental pressure. This was Zhuge Feng's hobby.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's lips curled into a mocking smile. "Although you like to threaten people in such a crazy way and seem very arrogant, I, Luo Zheng, have heard countless of such threats. Do you think you're very creative? Too old-fashioned! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the smile on Zhuge Feng's face suddenly froze.
Luo Zheng continued, "If you want my life, then go ahead and take it. I don't care about you. I don't care about your Family Zhuge. I don't care about these senseless tricks. Also, once the" Weapon Refining Arts "falls into my hands, I will naturally memorize every single word of it and burn it to ashes. If you want to take it from me, then please split open my head and see if you can find any words of that secret manual!"
Zhuge Feng had never thought that Luo Zheng could be so unyielding.
In other words, Luo Zheng wasn't just gutsy. He was completely arrogant!
Family Zhuge was one of the seven great families of the Burning Sky Dynasty. It was a family that had stood tall since the founding of the Burning Sky Dynasty!
If he didn't even care about Family Zhuge, then what else could he care about?
Zhuge Feng had always prided himself on his crazy nature, but that was only because his Family Zhuge was a strong and powerful backing.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, the difference between Zhuge Feng and Luo Zheng wasn't small at all.
Luo Zheng was too crazy!
For a moment, Zhuge Feng couldn't find a way out of this embarrassing situation.
In Zhuge Feng's heart, he almost wanted to tear Luo Zheng into pieces!
Actually, he could have done that.
Even if he killed someone at the Tianlu Auction House and angered the Zhang Family, his Family Zhuge could still bear the consequences.
There was never a death grudge between the Family Zhuge and the Zhang Family would shut up if the Zhang Family got a share of the profits.
However, he was too crazy previously and thought that he could suppress Luo Zheng. That was why he calmly told Zhang Wuxian that he would give face to the Zhang Family and Zhang Wuji …
It wouldn't be appropriate for him to make a move now.
The crazy smile on Zhuge Feng's face had completely disappeared and was replaced with an ashen expression.
"What right does an outer sect disciple have to not care about Family Zhuge?" Zhuo Fei, who was following behind Zhuge Feng, couldn't hold it in anymore. She had never seen such an expression on Zhuge Feng's face before. Moreover, he was facing a half-step Xiantian outer sect disciple!
"Forget it, Zhuo Fei!" Zhuge Feng turned around and scolded Zhuo Fei.
"But Feng …" Zhuo Fei said unwillingly.
"Let's go!" Zhuge Feng interrupted Zhuo Fei's words and turned around to leave. He didn't even bother to threaten her.
Zhuo Fei glared fiercely at Luo Zheng, as if she wanted to swallow Luo Zheng whole. Only then did she leave with Zhuge Feng.
After the two left Tianlu Auction House, Zhang Wuxian, Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others gathered around them.
"Brother Luo Zheng, Boss Luo Zheng! You were too awesome just now! "Mo Can and Zhou Xian exclaimed.
They were already very nervous when they saw Zhuo Fei coming over to warn them on behalf of Zhuge Feng. However, they didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so arrogant! He didn't even put Zhuge Feng in his eyes! He directly told Zhuge Feng to go and die! Now, he gave Zhuge Feng a hard slap in the face and didn't give him a way out.
Zhang Wuxian said with a serious face, "I've never seen Zhuge Feng suffer in front of anyone. Luo Zheng, you're the first person I've seen!"
Zhang Wuxian didn't usually reveal his talents. As a member of the Zhang Family, his vision and information were much better than Luo Zheng, Mo Can, and Zhou Xian. The Zhang Family was able to develop to its current level under the suppression of the Seven Great Families. Their foundation was far beyond the average family. Therefore, Zhang Wuxian saw the problem more clearly.
"Zhuge Feng is probably really angry this time. That's why he turned around and left," Zhang Wuxian said. "Brother Luo Zheng, if you treat him like this, I'm afraid …"
Luo Zheng smiled. "Brother Wuxian, tell me, if I'm weak and humble, and I'm polite to him, will he let me go?"
Zhang Wuxian was stunned. He thought for a while and said, "You're right. Even if you give in to him, he won't show any mercy."
"Since the result is the same, why should I be afraid?" Why should I be afraid of him? Why should I tolerate him? "Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, a trace of ruthlessness in his eyes.
His thoughts were very clear. Dealing with such an enemy was like dealing with a cunning wolf. Only by being more ruthless and crazier than it would you have a chance to win a chance of survival. If you showed the slightest intention of retreating, they would pounce on you and tear you to pieces.
"Admirable! Admirable! "
At this moment, another person came in through the door of the auction house. He was eight feet tall and had a strong build. He looked 70% similar to Zhang Wuxian, but he wasn't as fat as Zhang Wuxian.
That person said admiring and walked over slowly. Then, he said to Zhang Wuxian, "Wuxian, is this your friend?"
"His name is Luo Zheng. He's Xiao Yufeng's disciple." Zhang Wuxian introduced him to Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, this is my older brother, Zhang Wuji."
Luo Zheng didn't feel much about this name. However, since he was Zhang Wuxian's older brother, he naturally had to be polite. He cupped his hands and bowed to Zhang Wuji.
"You're the first person who can make Zhuge Feng suffer so much!" Zhang Wuji smiled. "Wuxian, your friend is amazing!"
"Senior Wuji, you flatter me. If there were other ways to deal with it, I wouldn't have provoked Zhuge Feng." Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
"What senior? I'm only a few years older than you. I'm not that old." Zhang Wuji smiled. "Brother Luo Zheng, you haven't delivered the goods you bought. Come with me to the back hall and I'll give you the crystal stones and the 'Weapon Refining Sect Technique'."
Zhang Wuji looked simple and honest, but he was strong and smart. He admired Luo Zheng for slapping Zhuge Feng in the face, but he couldn't express his opinion on this matter. Although Luo Zheng was Zhang Wuxian's disciple, it was impossible for the Zhang Family to stand behind Luo Zheng and help him fight against the Family Zhuge.
The Zhang Family was a business, not a charity. If Zhang Wuji took on everything at this moment, it would be a loss for him.
However, as members of the Zhang Family, Zhang Wuxian and Zhang Wuji both had extraordinary wisdom.