It was not a coincidence that the Zhang family could develop to this point just by relying on money. It was almost on par with the seven noble families.
Not only did they know how to invest, but they also knew how to invest.
People like Luo Zheng, who had risen from the grassroots, would always be the target of their investment.
Therefore, although they would not openly help Luo Zheng fight against Zhuge Feng, they would secretly help him a lot.
"Generally speaking, our Tianlu Auction House will take ten percent of the auction proceeds as commission," Zhang Wuji said. "However, you are Zhang Wuxian's friend. Thus, our Tianlu Auction House will not take this commission from the auction proceeds."
"That's not very good …" Luo Zheng wanted to refuse.
"Brother Luo Zheng, if you think so, then you don't treat me as a friend, right?" Zhang Wuji did not protect Luo Zheng too much in front of Zhuge Feng's Zhang family. Zhang Wuji was determined to do him a favor.
Since Zhang Wuji said so, Luo Zheng naturally had no reason to refuse. He could only nod and express his gratitude.
"Huala!" At this time, Zhang Wuji stretched out his hand and pulled open the curtain in the back hall, revealing a small mountain of square crystals. "Brother Luo Zheng, your Fire Scorpion Crystal Core was sold at a high price of 70,000 square crystals. After deducting the 25,000 square crystals from the 'Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique', there are still 45,000 square crystals left. They belong to you."
So many square crystals were shining with a strange light. Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others were stunned. The two of them seemed to be completely dumbfounded.
"Brother, Brother Luo Zheng, that Fire Scorpion Crystal Core is yours?" Mo Can finally understood why Luo Zheng was so confident to participate in the auction of the 'Weapon Refining Ancestral Technique'. It turned out that he was not short of money at all.
"Oh my god, I have never seen so many square crystals in my life …" Zhou Xian also murmured.
They were all outer disciples, but the gap was too big. How long had Luo Zheng been in the Blue Cloud Sect? He had earned so many points!
Faced with this mountain of square crystals, Luo Zheng was in a bit of a dilemma. He had a spatial ring in his hand, but the spatial ring's space wasn't very large. There was no way for him to store these square crystals.
He couldn't just carry these square crystals away, could he? That was simply unrealistic.
Seeing Luo Zheng's awkward expression, Zhang Wuxian smiled and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, you don't have to take these square crystals with you. We'll help you deposit them into the Zhang Family's Tianlu Bank!"
As he spoke, Zhang Wuxian handed over a thin token in his hand. This token was framed with a layer of glittering gold foil, and the words "Tianlu Ticket Office" were written on it in ancient characters.
"If Brother Luo Zheng needs to spend money, you can directly withdraw it from the Tianlu Ticket Store. Even if it's a large transaction, you can directly open a receipt. Our Tianlu Ticket Store's receipt is the best currency in the capital! You can use it as square crystals, "Zhang Wuxian said.
Luo Zheng rubbed the token in his hand for a while. The Tianlu Ticket Office was spread throughout the entire Burning Heaven Empire. It was the most trustworthy ticket office in the empire. Luo Zheng nodded and put it into his spatial ring.
Then, Zhang Wuji handed over a small brocade box to Luo Zheng. "This is Che Daozi's 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》. Brother Luo Zheng, please take care of it."
Luo Zheng opened the brocade box and saw a tattered and yellowed manual.
25,000 square crystals for a tattered book. Luo Zheng's investment was extremely risky.
Luo Zheng couldn't tell whether this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 would be beneficial to him. However, since Luo Zheng had planned it out, he had to do it. Even if he had to pay a high price, he had to try.
After putting away the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》, Luo Zheng and the others left the auction house. Zhang Wuxian had to stay behind to do some inventory work, so he didn't come out with them.
This time, he followed Zhang Wuxian to the Tianlu Auction House. Not only did he trade the Fire Scorpion Core, but he also obtained a large amount of crystal stones and a 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》. It could be said that this trip was not in vain.
However, Luo Zheng believed that the biggest gain was a piece of news.
That was, Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the Molten Iron Essence, which they called "Sky Amplification Essence".
When he thought of being able to extract the Sky Amplification Essence from a profound artifact, Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel excited. However, this matter couldn't be rushed, so he suppressed this impulse. Everything had to be planned at length.
At this time, Mo Can and Zhou Xian were still somewhat worried.
After all, just now, Luo Zheng was directly threatened by Zhuge Feng.
Although Luo Zheng didn't show any weakness in his counterattack, Zhuge Feng's strength was there for all to see. Luo Zheng's situation was very dangerous.
Seeing their expressions, Luo Zheng comforted them, "Zhou Xian, Mo Can, don't worry. We'll deal with whatever comes our way. He's not the only one who wants to kill me, Luo Zheng. I'm still alive and well!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng himself was so optimistic, the two of them didn't think too much about it.
"Let's go and relax!" Luo Zheng suddenly suggested. After being in the capital for so long, he really hadn't had a good time to play in the capital.
"Good idea. You can make a fortune today. You've made a lot of money! You have to treat us! "Mo Can said with a smile.
"Okay, I'm not familiar with the capital. You guys lead the way. I'll pay for all the expenses!" Luo Zheng nodded.
"Then we'll have to extort Brother Luo Zheng!" Zhou Xian and Mo Can looked at each other. Suddenly, a trace of a smirk appeared on their faces.
Then, Mo Can seized the opportunity and said, "In the capital, the most expensive place to go is naturally the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building! But it's too expensive. Let's not go! "
"Yeah, let's not go!" Zhou Xian quickly echoed, "It's too expensive, ai …"
Luo Zheng pointed at the two of them and scolded with a smile, "You two brats, just say it if you want to go. Are you afraid that I can't afford it?"
"We were waiting for Brother Luo Zheng to say that!" Mo Can clapped his hands and said, "Let's go now."
Then, Mo Can led the way in front. The three of them walked along the main road of the capital for a while and stopped in front of a building.
The prosperity of the capital was difficult to describe.
This prosperity was reflected in many details.
"This Golden Breeze Drizzle Building is entirely built with jade?" Looking at the emerald green pavilion in front of him, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of surprise. Isn't this too luxurious?
Mo Can laughed twice and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, that jade is soft. How can it be used to build a pavilion?"
"But …" Luo Zheng pointed at what he saw in front of him and said.
"This pavilion is only covered with a layer of jade outside. It looks like it's made of unpolished jade," Mo Can explained.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded. Even so, this Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was still a masterpiece.
After the three of them looked at it for a while, they stepped on the emerald green steps and entered the pavilion.
As soon as they entered, there was a well-dressed waiter at the door and greeted them with a nod and a bow.
Compared to Zhou Xian and Luo Zheng, Mo Can was more familiar with the place. After chatting with the waiter for a while, the hunchbacked waiter brought the three of them to the second floor of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building.
The entire Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was decorated very exquisitely. It was almost luxurious. Every detail was done to perfection.
In the private room, Luo Zheng and the others had just sat down when Mo Can waved his hand and said with a smile, "Everyone says that listening to Miss Qing Ling play a song is worth living. Would Miss Qing Ling be willing to come and play a song today?"
"This …" The waiter's face revealed a hesitant expression.
Miss Qing Ling was the star of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building. Her entrance fee was shockingly high. The waiter of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building had seen countless people come and go. The people in front of him were wearing white disciple robes. They were only outer disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. They didn't look like gentry either. Could they afford the price?
It must be known that every year, there were many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who used their status to cause trouble at the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building.
Mo Can shrugged and spread his hands towards Luo Zheng with a smile, "It's up to you, Brother Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng was usually very frugal, but when it came to spending money, he was not careless at all.
"If you're afraid of not having enough money, will these be enough?" Saying this, Luo Zheng flicked his hand and a dozen square crystals fell out from his spatial ring.
A square crystal was enough for an ordinary person to live on. It was more than enough for several lifetimes.
Although the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building's expenses were high, these square crystals were more than enough to invite their star out.
Seeing the square crystals, the waiter's eyes suddenly lit up. There was no longer any hesitation on his face as he said repeatedly, "Dear guests, please wait a moment! I'll invite them for you right away! "
Before long, the sound of small steps came from outside the private room. Before he could see the person, a fragrance assailed his nose.
＝＝＝＝＝