It was a young lady dressed in green. Behind her were four young maids who were holding musical instruments such as yangqin, erhu, pipa, and so on.
"I am Qing Ling. Greetings to all of you." Qing Ling gracefully walked over and bowed to greet them.
Qing Ling was born with good looks. Her black hair was perfectly arranged on both sides of her head. Her exposed skin was as white as snow, and her eyes were clear and bright. Her entire body was bathed in a celestial aura. Compared to those prostitutes, she lacked a hint of coquettish aura.
Luo Zheng rarely participated in such occasions. However, Mo Can waved his hand and smiled. "Miss Qing Ling, please sing a song!"
Qing Ling nodded and took a few steps back. She pulled out a chair and sat down. She took a pipa from the young maid beside her and played it with her jade-like fingers. Then, her red lips opened slightly, and a light song floated out from her mouth.
That voice was melodious and sweet like a nightingale. When it entered one's ears, it was also an extreme enjoyment.
At this moment, a few servants began to serve the wine and dishes. When Luo Zheng saw this scene, he sighed in his heart. Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was indeed a place to squander money.
However, before Qing Ling finished her song, a rough voice suddenly came from the door.
"Miss Qing Ling, I asked you to accompany me yesterday. You said your throat was uncomfortable, but now you are playing and singing here. Do you think I, Master Hong Si, am easy to fool?" Before the voice died away, a rough man dressed in a black robe walked in from the door. There were a few people following behind him. All of them were dressed in black robes. They were all inner sect disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Beside the boorish man, there was a waiter who kept bowing and apologizing to the boorish man.
Qing Ling stopped singing and frowned slightly, as if she disliked the person in front of her. She only said, "Master Hong Si, my throat was indeed uncomfortable yesterday. I already have a guest today. If you want to hear me play and sing, please make an appointment another day!"
"Yes, yes. Master Hong Si, Qing Ling already has a guest today. Please come this way. Our Golden Breeze Drizzle Building has other red cards." The waiter nodded and bowed.
"Get lost!" Master Hong Si kicked the waiter to the side. "Customer? I am also a guest. Today, I want Qingling to accompany me. "As Master Hong Si spoke, he stared at Luo Zheng and the others with his bull-like eyes. Seeing that they were wearing white robes, he revealed a contemptuous smile." Just a few outer sect disciples. I think you are willing to obediently give Miss Qingling to us, right? "
Mo Can's and Zhou Xian's faces suddenly sank. When men entered a brothel, the best thing was to have face. If they really gave up Qing Ling, then their face would really be lost. However, several people on the other side were wearing black robes. They were all Blue Cloud Sect's Inner Sect disciples. Although they didn't know which mountain's Inner Sect disciples they were from, no matter which mountain's Inner Sect disciples they were from, they were far more powerful than the Outer Sect disciples.
Luo Zheng, who was sitting at the side, had a leisurely expression as he poured a cup of wine and slowly sipped it into his mouth. The wine of the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building was soft and had an excellent taste. After he finished the cup of wine, he sneered. "Everything is based on first come, first served. Miss Qingling is invited by us. If you want to hear her play and sing, you can come again another day."
Master Hong Si and the group of people he brought originally thought that the three white robes in front of them would be very obedient. After all, they, inner sect disciples, had always been able to do whatever they wanted in front of outer sect disciples. They didn't expect that the young man who was drinking wine actually dared to say such words.
Master Hong Si sneered. "First come, first served? Follow my fist and talk about first come, first served! "
Luo Zheng frowned. He stretched out his hand and said softly, "If that's the case, then please scram!"
Scram? The faces of Master Hong Si and the other black robed disciples instantly changed. They all doubted if they had heard wrongly.
Since when did outer sect disciples dare to be so arrogant in front of inner sect disciples?
"Seems like you're the kind of person who won't give up until you see the coffin." Master Hong Si clenched his fist that was as big as an iron bowl. His entire body's True Yuan gushed out from his Dantian. That aggressive aura brought about a fierce wind, causing Qingling's hair to flutter.
"Is that so? Today, you're the second person to threaten me. However, compared to the first person, you're just a piece of trash. "Luo Zheng lightly threw the wine cup on the table. That wine cup was still spinning on the table. Soon after, his figure transformed into a strong wind and disappeared from his seat.
Almost no one saw how Luo Zheng moved. When everyone saw Luo Zheng's figure again, he had already appeared in front of Master Hong Si.
"Pa!"
A crisp slap landed on Master Hong Si's face.
Master Hong Si didn't react in time. When he realized that he had been slapped, his face flushed red. He was about to yell and make things difficult for Luo Zheng.
"Pa!"
Before Master Hong Si could make a move, Luo Zheng gave him another slap.
"You, I'm going to kill you …" Master Hong Si was already extremely angry.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng continued to give him another slap, causing Master Hong Si to swallow back the words he wanted to say.
When the inner sect disciples behind Master Hong Si saw this, their faces instantly darkened. They all wanted to make a move.
However, before they could circulate their True Yuan, each of them received a punch on their chest.
Luo Zheng's punch seemed casual, but it was after all activated by the Sky Demon True Qi. Its power was extremely great.
A fist mark appeared on their chests. Then, they flew out, smashing through the delicate railings on the second floor and falling heavily on the ground on the first floor.
After that, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and appeared in front of Master Hong Si again.
Master Hong Si was confused by Luo Zheng's slaps. He didn't know that the people he helped had already been sent flying by Luo Zheng. He roared angrily, "Brothers, attack! Tear these untactful outer sect disciples into pieces! "
Luo Zheng, Mo Can and Zhou Xian all looked at Master Hong Si with a mocking expression.
Only now did Master Hong Si realize that something was wrong. He turned his head and saw that his brothers behind him were gone. Only then did his facial expression change. He realized that the young man in white robe in front of him was not someone to be trifled with.
It was obviously too late for him to realize this problem now.
"Do you want me to help you get out, or do you want to get out yourself?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
"I, I, you, you …" Master Hong Si's brain wasn't enough to process this. He stuttered and didn't know what to say.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng kicked Master Hong Si in the chest. Master Hong Si rolled down the stairs of the second floor with a clanging sound.
Luo Zheng then returned to his seat. Just as he was about to pour wine, the waiter beside him quickly lifted the wine pot and poured a cup of wine for Luo Zheng. "Sir, we can do such a small thing as pouring wine!"
When the people in Golden Breeze Drizzle Building saw that Master Hong Si and his gang were taught a lesson by Luo Zheng, they felt very happy.
These guys relied on their black-robed disciples to leave the Blue Cloud Sect and come to Golden Breeze Drizzle Building for entertainment.
If it was just for entertainment, it would be fine. However, Master Hong Si and his gang liked to create trouble. Every time they drank wine, they would create a mess here.
However, ordinary people didn't dare to provoke them. Today, they kicked an iron plate and were taught a lesson by this white-robed disciple.
Regardless of whether it was the waiter, the manservant, or the top singer, Qing Ling, they all had the same question.
Being in the imperial city, they had more or less interacted with the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. They were very clear about the difference between the white-robed and black-robed disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect.
But what was up with this white-robed disciple today?
She had easily defeated several black-robed disciples by herself …
When did the world turn around?
Although they were puzzled, they didn't dare to ask. Anyway, Luo Zheng had already helped them vent their anger. They believed that Master Hong Si and his gang would behave themselves in the future.
In comparison, Mo Can and Zhou Xian were even more shocked.
Previously, they had seen Luo Zheng defeat an Innate Realm expert.
On Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng challenged several people from Vulture Peak by himself. In the end, he defeated Liu Cunshi, who had already entered the Innate Realm.
However, Luo Zheng also spent a lot of effort to defeat Liu Cunshi.
But today, Luo Zheng defeated several inner sect disciples so easily.
These inner sect disciples were all Innate Realm experts, but they didn't even have the strength to fight back in front of Luo Zheng.
Could it be that in just a few days, Luo Zheng's strength had another qualitative leap?
Mo Can and Zhou Xian looked at each other. They seemed to have thought of the same thing. Their eyes were full of astonishment.
If Luo Zheng continued to improve at this speed, how terrifying would it be?
In fact, Luo Zheng's strength didn't increase so much when he entered the Half-step Innate Realm from the Marrow Refining Realm.
The key reason was that the essential Qi in Luo Zheng's body had transformed from Red Sandalwood Essential Qi to Heavenly Demon Essential Qi.
One must know that Red Sandalwood Fist was only a Profound-level technique, while Heavenly Demon Fist was a Saint-level technique. There was a huge difference between the two.
Mo Can and Zhou Xian could only sigh inwardly. They were also outer sect disciples, but their speed of advancement was like a snail's. How could there be such a huge gap between them?
After the singer Qing Ling sang a few songs, the wine tasted great.
After paying for the drinks, Luo Zheng looked at the singer called Qing Ling and took out two square crystals as a reward.
Unexpectedly, Qing Ling retreated and only said, "Young Master has already paid. This reward is too much. I can't accept it."
Luo Zheng nodded but didn't say anything. This girl was born with outstanding beauty, but she was reduced to singing and selling. It could only be said that her fate was full of misfortune. However, Luo Zheng wasn't a savior, so there was nothing he could do to help.
After leaving the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building, it was time to return to the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng had Zhou Xian and Mo Can return to the Blue Cloud Sect first, while he walked in the opposite direction.
Before returning to the Blue Cloud Sect, he still had things to do.
In order to rescue Luo Yan, Luo Zheng lacked the Blue Cloud Sect's points more than anyone else.
And square crystals could be exchanged for points.
Two million square crystals could be exchanged for a million points.
Now that Luo Zheng had a way to earn money, how could he resist and not try it out?
After asking around, Luo Zheng found the largest market square in the Imperial Capital.
Looking at the buildings on both sides of the market square, he saw "Green Cloud Pill House", "Golden Pill Pavilion", "Ten Thousand Treasures Building", and all kinds of shops.