This Thousand Secrets Pavilion could be considered the largest shop in the market.
Although Luo Zheng was clear that the truly exquisite treasures and weapons may not appear in such a large shop. But Luo Zheng's goal was not the exquisite spirit weapons.
What Luo Zheng wanted to buy today was profound weapons.
This Thousand Secrets Pavilion was so large, presumably there should be a lot of profound weapons stored.
Entering the Thousand Secrets Pavilion, what greeted him was a dazzling array of weapons.
Pure gold axes, emerald green spears, large swords that looked like flowing blood, everything was here.
Luo Zheng glanced at the weapons. They were all low-grade profound weapons.
The business of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion was also very good. Many people came and went. Inside, there were dozens of servants wearing yellow robes busily greeting customers.
Luo Zheng walked around for so long. He wanted to find someone to ask, but not a single servant came.
Those servants probably saw Luo Zheng's outer sect disciple robes. The people working in the market were very clear that the majority of outer sect disciples had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect. Even if the Blue Cloud Sect distributed some benefits, they still had to bravely cultivate. They simply could not take out any money. Therefore, they had no interest in Luo Zheng.
After waiting for a long time, a servant finally freed up some time. Seeing Luo Zheng's appearance, he reluctantly came to greet him.
"This guest, what kind of weapon do you want to choose? Our Thousand Secrets Pavilion is all-inclusive. As long as it's a weapon you want, we can find it. "The servant said these words about a hundred times a day. Coming out of his mouth, it was very smooth.
Luo Zheng nodded. Looking at the weapons, he said: "I see that these are all low-grade profound weapons. Where are your high-grade profound weapons?"
"High-grade profound weapons?" The servant was stunned. He looked up and down at Luo Zheng.
This manservant was a clever person and didn't have the bad habit of looking down on others. Although he guessed that Luo Zheng most likely couldn't afford a high-grade Xuan Weapon, he was also clear that there were some aristocratic children in the Imperial Capital who liked to pretend to be poor. The person in front of him wasn't necessarily unable to afford a high-grade Xuan Weapon.
Thus, the manservant carefully hid the impatience on his face. At the same time, he put on a slightly courteous smile, "The upper grade profound artifact is not in this area. If you want it, you can follow me."
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the manservant into the depths of Thousand Secrets Pavilion.
The interior of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion was extremely spacious. After walking around in a large circle, the weapons placed on both sides of the pavilion gradually transitioned from Low Grade Xuan Tools to Mid Grade Xuan Tools, and from Mid Grade Xuan Tools to High Grade Xuan Tools.
"These are our Thousand Secrets Pavilion's Upper Grade Profound Armaments. Every one of them is the finest of Profound Armaments!" The manservant introduced.
Luo Zheng swept a glance along the counter. Just as the manservant had said, these Xuan Weapons were all top grade, but whether they were fine or not, they needed to be discussed.
Although they were all Upper Grade Xuan Tools, there was still a huge gap between them.
For example, the Upper Grade Xuan Tools that Luo Zheng seized from Xie Lang could only refine five to six drops of Sky Spill Essence.
However, the two halberds in the hands of the Black White Double Demons unexpectedly refined fifteen drops of Molten Iron Essence.
From Luo Zheng's own observation, these Upper Grade Xuan Tools in front of him were far from the standard of fine.
Although these Xuan Tools did not reach the standard of fine, one Upper Grade Xuan Tool refined into five drops of Molten Iron Essence. Luo Zheng was very satisfied.
"How many Upper Grade Xuan Tools do you have here?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the manservant was somewhat puzzled. This guy only wanted to buy one Xuan Tool. Why did he care about the number of Upper Grade Xuan Tools in Thousand Secrets Pavilion?
However, the manservant still patiently took out a record book and said, "In our Thousand Secrets Pavilion, there are thirty-two Upper Grade Xuan Tools in the sword category, eighteen Hammer category, twenty-six Blade category, and more than a hundred other categories. In total, there are two hundred and twenty-three Upper Grade Xuan Tools."
Luo Zheng slightly nodded his head.
Although the prices of these Upper Grade Xuan Tools were not the same, on average, one Upper Grade Xuan Tool could be sold for a hundred square crystals.
"This guest, which one have you chosen?" The manservant asked. He felt that he was already very patient.
"Two hundred and twenty-three Upper Grade Xuan Tools, I want all of them." Luo Zheng suddenly said lightly.
"What?" The manservant was stunned. He thought that he heard wrong.
These manservants' monthly salary was relatively low. A considerable part of their salary was taken from the Xuan Tools they sold.
Therefore, they naturally hoped to sell as many as possible.
However, when an average person entered Thousand Secrets Pavilion, they would at most buy one or two Xuan Tools. Very few people would buy three or four Xuan Tools.
However, this young man in front of him, the moment he opened his mouth, he wanted all of the Xuan Tools. What kind of concept was this?
"This guest, don't joke like this … Do you know how much it costs to buy these Upper Grade Xuan Tools?" The manservant's face gradually became somewhat unsightly. It seemed that he had met a madman today.
"On average, based on a hundred square crystals, it would cost around twenty thousand square crystals. Am I right?" Luo Zheng slightly smiled.
Twenty thousand cubes of crystal stones … Even for the Thousand Secrets Pavilion, this was a huge transaction.
Although there were many customers in Thousand Secrets Pavilion, the majority of them came to purchase Lower Grade Xuan Tools and Middle Grade Xuan Tools. The monthly transaction amount was probably only around ten thousand square crystals.
"Twenty thousand square crystals, you think that anyone can take out that much? Go go go, if you want to make fun of this young master, then go to the side! " The manservant suddenly became angry. He saw that no one was serving Luo Zheng, so he took the initiative to come over. He did not expect that he would meet a madman who opened his mouth and wanted to buy all of the Upper Grade Xuan Tools.
"What? You can't make the decision? If you can't make the decision, then I can find someone else. "Luo Zheng lightly said as he reached out to take a sword and observed it.
"Go find whoever you want!" The manservant's face was stiff as he turned around to leave.
Luo Zheng's mouth hung a smile, but he calmly walked to the end of the counter. There was a middle-aged man in brown who was checking the accounts.
"Are you the person in charge here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The middle-aged man raised his head, looked at Luo Zheng, and asked: "What do you want?"
This time, Luo Zheng directly took out the token that Zhang Wuxian gave him and said: "I want to buy a batch of Upper Grade Xuan Tools."
The middle-aged man saw that Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe, but he did not take Luo Zheng seriously. These days, doing business relied on clothing to distinguish customers.
But when the middle-aged man saw the token in Luo Zheng's hand, his expression suddenly changed.
The middle-aged man recognized the token. He knew it even better than Luo Zheng.
The token of "Tianlu Ticket Store" had a total of four colors: purple, white, cyan, and gold.
Among them, purple was the most common, and gold was the most honorable.
The token in Luo Zheng's hand was the most honorable one.
Even if this token did not contain crystal stones, it could be borrowed from any Tianlu Ticket Store for 10,000 crystal stones.
As far as the middle-aged man knew, there were no more than 1,000 holders of this kind of golden token.
The middle-aged man instantly realized that he had met a big customer. His face suddenly looked like it had been blown by a spring breeze. He walked out from behind the counter and said politely: "Friend, what do you want to buy? In addition to Xuan Tools, we also have several Spirit Tools for sale on the second floor. I can take you to see them! "
"No need." Luo Zheng turned around and pointed to the row of Upper Grade Xuan Tools: "I want to buy some Upper Grade Xuan Tools."
"Oh!" The middle-aged man's eyes flashed with a touch of imperceptible disappointment. After all, a big customer with a golden token only wanted to buy some Upper Grade Xuan Tools. He was slightly disappointed in his heart, but he absolutely did not dare to show it in front of Luo Zheng. After all, this kind of customer was absolutely not to be offended. Maybe in the future, he would bring in a big business. "Which Upper Grade Xuan Tool did you choose?"
"This one, this one, and this one." Luo Zheng pointed.
"Customer, you want these three Upper Grade Xuan Tools? I'll have someone wrap them up for you. "The middle-aged man said.
"No, except for these three, I want to buy all of the other 220 Upper Grade Xuan Tools." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"…"
The middle-aged man stood there for a long time without saying a word.
He had been the shopkeeper of Tianji Pavilion for so many years. What kind of customer had he not seen?
But this was the first time he had seen someone buy things like this.
"You're not joking, are you?" The middle-aged man asked cautiously. If he had not seen Luo Zheng's Tianlu Ticket Store's golden token, he was afraid that at this moment, he would have already ordered someone to drive Luo Zheng out.
But the middle-aged man was very clear that the person in front of him completely had the financial resources to buy those 120 Upper Grade Xuan Tools.
"I'm not joking. I'm buying so many at once. Won't you give me a discount?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Discount! Of course I'll give you a discount! " Hearing Luo Zheng's affirmative tone, the middle-aged shopkeeper was already convinced that he really wanted to buy 120 Upper Grade Xuan Tools in one go. Even though he was not clear on what Luo Zheng wanted to do with so many Upper Grade Xuan Tools.
"Guys, come over here!" The middle-aged shopkeeper shouted, which attracted a lot of people.
After seven or eight manservants came over, the middle-aged shopkeeper said, "Help this honored customer wrap up all of these Upper Grade Xuan Tools!"
After those manservants heard the order, they all started to take out the Upper Grade Xuan Tools one by one.
That manservant from earlier was also among them. When he heard the shopkeeper's request to wrap up all of the Upper Grade Xuan Tools, his face instantly turned extremely ugly …
At this moment, that manservant's intestines were green with regret.
He had originally thought that Luo Zheng was a lunatic who was deliberately teasing him. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would really buy all of the Upper Grade Xuan Tools …
His salary was a large part of the commission from selling the Xuan Tools.
The commission from selling one Upper Grade Xuan Tool was equivalent to several months of his salary.
If he were to sell over 200 Xuan Tools in one go, the commission from selling them was enough for him to not need to work for the rest of his life!
But what kind of attitude did he have towards the other party earlier?