More than two hundred profound armaments were neatly placed together.
The middle-aged shopkeeper held a golden abacus in his hand, his fingers constantly fiddling with the beads, making a crackling sound.
"A total of two hundred and twenty profound armaments. These profound armaments have different prices. According to the average of one hundred square crystal stones per profound armament, the total is twenty-two thousand square crystal stones." After the middle-aged shopkeeper calculated the result, he said to Luo Zheng, "Since you can buy such a large amount at once, our Qianji Pavilion will naturally give you a discount. According to the 10% discount, we'll take twenty thousand square crystal stones. Are you satisfied with this price?"
A 10% discount was more or less enough. Luo Zheng nodded in agreement.
Soon after, Luo Zheng, accompanied by the middle-aged shopkeeper, left the Qianji Pavilion and found a Tianlu Ticket Store in a corner of the market.
Luo Zheng entered the Tianlu Ticket Store and took out the golden token. The attitude of the people there changed greatly. The people of the Tianlu Ticket Store knew best that those who held this kind of golden token were either rich or respectable. Naturally, they had to serve them well.
Soon after, the people of the Tianlu Ticket Store immediately wrote out a bill for twenty thousand square crystal stones and handed it to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng then handed it over to the middle-aged shopkeeper.
This business was considered a success.
The middle-aged man suppressed his excitement. Although he had worked hard in the Qianji Pavilion for so many years and muddled his way to the position of shopkeeper, selling this large amount of high-grade profound armaments would also allow him to earn a considerable amount of income.
Returning to the Qianji Pavilion, Luo Zheng used the Sumeru Ring to collect the pile of profound armaments in front of him.
The Sumeru Ring's space was not large. It could only store more than two hundred high-grade profound armaments. Almost all of the space inside was used up.
Soon after, Luo Zheng left.
After Luo Zheng left, an old man with a goatee walked down from the second floor and said to the middle-aged shopkeeper, "What do you think this Blue Cloud Sect's outer sect disciple bought so many profound armaments for?"
The middle-aged shopkeeper was also puzzled. He could only guess, "Could it be that this youth bought so many high-grade profound armaments to distribute in the Blue Cloud Sect?"
The old man with the goatee shook his head, clearly not satisfied with this answer.
They might never be able to figure out the truth of this matter in their lifetime.
When they returned to the Blue Cloud Sect and climbed into the Xiao Yufeng, it was already late at night.
Entering his own house, Luo Zheng still had a trace of excitement in his eyes.
If one high-grade mystic weapon could produce five drops of Heaven Amplification Essence, there would be a total of 1,100 drops of Heaven Amplification Essence.
If Qinglong absorbed so much Heaven Amplification Essence, it would be enough to light up more than two hundred dragon scales!
Currently, Luo Zheng had only lit up seven dragon scales, which made his strength far surpass his peers. If he could light up more than two hundred dragon scales in one go, his strength would increase to an unimaginable level.
But that was what Luo Zheng thought.
Naturally, he would not pour all of the Heaven's Divination essence into the mouth of Qinglong's sculpture.
Luo Zheng's heart warmed at the thought of the price of the Sky Derivation Essence.
If 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence could be auctioned off for 120,000 cubes of crystals, wouldn't 500 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence be auctioned off for 1,200,000 cubes of crystals?
Of course, Luo Zheng also understood that the rarer something was, the more valuable it was.
If he auctioned off so much Heaven's Divination Essence in one go, there would be too much of it on the market and it would not be worth the price. Therefore, he had to sell it off in batches.
Before that, Luo Zheng still had to smelt the high-grade mystic weapons in his Sumeru Ring one by one.
Without further ado, Luo Zheng took out a high-grade mystic weapon from his Sumeru Ring. It was a pair of green short swords.
Luo Zheng placed the pair of green short swords in front of him and then communicated with the giant furnace in his mind. The wisp of black fire that he hadn't seen in a long time flashed out of his mind like a cheerful little bird and pounced toward the pair of green short swords.
"Buzz buzz …"
In the blink of an eye, the pair of green short swords disappeared in front of Luo Zheng and turned into seven drops of Heaven's Divination Essence, floating in front of Luo Zheng.
Just as the black flame was about to absorb the Heaven's Divination Essence into his mind, a bottle appeared in Luo Zheng's hand and he poured the Heaven's Divination Essence into the bottle before the black flame could.
The black flame seemed to have human intelligence and circled Luo Zheng a few times as if it was protesting Luo Zheng's actions.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng tapped his Sumeru Ring lightly with his finger and took out another golden axe.
The black flame swept toward the golden axe as usual.
Among Luo Zheng's more than 200 high-grade mystic weapons, this golden axe was one of the best weapons in terms of appearance. Luo Zheng had thought that it would be able to produce more Heaven's Divination Essence in the past.
After all, the pair of short swords had produced seven drops of Heaven's Divination Essence. This golden axe would not be any worse than that pair of short swords.
What surprised Luo Zheng was that this golden axe only produced three drops of Heaven's Divination Essence in the end.
Luo Zheng could not figure out how much Heaven's Divination Essence was contained in a high-grade mystic weapon.
Fortunately, the quality of these high-grade mystic weapons was not uniform, but there were also good and bad ones.
The highest-grade mystic weapon produced nine drops of Heaven's Divination Essence, while the lowest-grade mystic weapon produced only two drops.
Overall, one high-grade mystic weapon could produce five drops of Heaven's Divination Essence on average. This was within Luo Zheng's estimation.
It took him an entire night to do so.
Luo Zheng used the powerful black flame to melt more than 100 high-grade mystic weapons and obtained more than 500 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence.
After working from late night to early morning, the originally cheerful black flame seemed to have run out of energy. Its flying speed was far less powerful than before, and it floated dispiritedly in front of Luo Zheng.
It seemed that the black flame could also get tired.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng could not bear to watch and stopped the smelting.
At the same time, Luo Zheng took out 200 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence from the bottle and threw them to the black flame.
The black flame was like a puppy that had smelled a bone. Its originally dispirited appearance was swept away and it sucked in the 200 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence that Luo Zheng had separated out. Then, it returned to Luo Zheng's mind.
After a breath, 200 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were poured into the mouth of Qinglong's sculpture in the giant smelting furnace.
Then, a dragon scale lit up and emitted a clear, bright green light.
Following that, more and more dragon scales lit up one after another.
After a while, 40 dragon scales lit up on Qinglong's sculpture!
Including the dragon scales that Luo Zheng had lit up earlier, a total of 47 dragon scales lit up on Qinglong's sculpture.
Those dragon scales were placed side by side. Observing them in his mind, they formed a small piece, which was very spectacular!
Observing that piece of green light, Luo Zheng was slightly excited. If he borrowed the power of 47 dragon scales at once and added it to Luo Zheng's own strength, what level could he reach?
Now, even if Luo Zheng was completely bound by Liu Cunshi's Binding Sky Ring, he might be able to break free!
If he punched those Xiantian lifeforms who had just entered the Xiantian realm, he might be able to smash them into pieces.
After smelting hundreds of Upper Grade Xuan Weapons in one night, Luo Zheng temporarily stopped. After all, the black flame was a little weak, so he let it rest for a few days.
During these few days, Luo Zheng occasionally went out, but most of the time, he stayed in his room to cultivate.
A few days later, all the Upper Grade Xuan Weapons bought from the Qianji Pavilion were completely smelted by Luo Zheng. He put half of the Sky Spill Essence into the mouth of Qinglong's sculpture in his mind, lighting up hundreds of dragon scales in total.
In Luo Zheng's hands, there were still more than 600 drops of the solution left. Luo Zheng planned to sell these drops of solution.
But at this time, Luo Zheng still had some misgivings.
He thought of the 50 drops of Sky Spill Solution at the auction, which had caused such a big commotion.
If he put out 600 drops of Sky Spill Solution in one go, would it cause trouble?
As the saying goes, a man's wealth is his own ruin. Before he had absolute strength, Luo Zheng had so much Sky Spill Solution on him. Once people found out, it would bring about a disaster.
Although Luo Zheng believed that Zhang Wuxian was trustworthy, and he could even directly give the solution to Zhang Wuxian, Zhang Wuxian was not the only person in charge of the Zhang Family. If others coveted more and traced the source to him, it could be imagined that there would be trouble.
Therefore, the auction of the Sky Spill Solution still needed to be planned at length.
During these few days, Xiao Yufeng's days were peaceful. The disciples on Xiao Yufeng were also diligently cultivating and comprehending.
Luo Zheng was no exception.
The Sacred Level Martial Art 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 was very powerful, but it was also very difficult to practice.
At sunrise, with the first ray of sunlight rising from the east, Luo Zheng operated the Heart Sutra and punched the sky.
After exhausting all the Heavenly Devil Qi in his body, Luo Zheng sat in meditation and operated the Heart Sutra of the Red Sandalwood Fist. He cultivated the Red Sandalwood Qi, and then used the Heavenly Devil Qi's characteristics to devour the Red Sandalwood Qi to quickly replenish his Heavenly Devil Qi.
Although the "Heavenly Fiend Fist" was extremely difficult to cultivate, Luo Zheng gradually became proficient in it after repeated attempts and repeated cultivation.
Not only did he master the first move, Demon Shakes the World, to the point where he could do it with ease, but he also mastered the second move of the Heavenly Devil Fist: Ten Thousand Demons Surge.
Although the second move of the Heavenly Devil Fist, Ten Thousand Demons Surge, was not as powerful as Demon Shakes the World, it could attack many targets at once. It was very effective when facing a large number of enemies.
On this day, while Luo Zheng was still practicing in a secluded corner of Xiao Yufeng, the sound of a bell suddenly came from the mountainside of Xiao Yufeng.
"The bell is ringing to summon all the Outer Sect disciples. I wonder what's going on?" Standing on the cliff, Luo Zheng looked at the mountainside. Many disciples filed out and gathered in the square on the mountain peak. Luo Zheng also stopped practicing, jumped down from the cliff, and ran to the square.
On the square, almost all the outer disciples had gathered here.
In the center of the square, Su Lingyun stood in a light blue dress, and beside Su Lingyun, there was a huge monster.
However, at this moment, the huge monster was covered by a yellow curtain full of Talismans. The outer disciples could not see what was inside.
＝＝＝＝＝