All the outer sect disciples had curious looks on their faces.
What did Instructor Su want to do by ringing the bell and gathering all the outer sect disciples here?
After about a quarter of an hour, all the outer sect disciples who were still on the Xiao Yufeng who could come had arrived.
Su Lingyun's gaze swept through the crowd and soon found Luo Zheng standing at the back of the crowd. Then she slowly said, "I gathered everyone here today to announce a mission."
"What mission?"
"Looks like it's a very important mission. Otherwise, she wouldn't have specially gathered us."
"Isn't a mission usually obtained by resources? Why does it have to be like this? "
Many outer sect disciples were also puzzled and discussed animatedly.
Su Lingyun didn't speak either. After everyone finished discussing, she slowly said, "This mission is to slay demons!"
"Demons?"
"Slay demons! It can't be! "
"She actually wants the outer sect disciples to slay demons. Isn't that sending them to their deaths?"
When it came to slaying demons, it had to be said to exterminate demons.
Many martial artists in the Burning Sky Dynasty often heard a phrase when they first stepped into the martial path, and that was "slay demons and exterminate demons."
But who would have thought that hundreds of years later, demons still needed to be slain, but demons didn't need to be exterminated.
The human race, the demon race, and the demon race were the three major races that existed side by side on the continent.
There were many frictions between these three major races, to the extent of endless wars and massacres …
In the thousands of years of fighting, the human race and the demon race gradually declined, while the demon race grew stronger and stronger, faintly wanting to annex the human race and the demon race.
The human race and the demon race naturally wouldn't sit still and wait for death. As the saying goes, the enemy of an enemy is a friend. In desperation, the human race and the demon race chose to form an alliance.
This was also why the demon race would marry their Princess Qi to the Burning Sky Dynasty in the form of intermarriage.
This was also why Yun Mengjun of the Burning Sky Palace would also marry the demon race in the form of intermarriage.
At this point, the demon race became the common enemy of the human race and the demon race.
"This demon slaying mission isn't for you to go to the Asura Battlefield. It's just for you to go to the Canopy Forest to undergo trials! Demon Slaying Trial! Each of the thirty-three peaks of Qingyun Peak will send five inner disciples and five outer disciples! " Su Lingyun paused for a moment before continuing, "Demon-Slaying is a compulsory training for our Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. If you can pass this trial and survive, it will be a form of training for all of you. At the same time, the top three people who slay the most demon-slaying will obtain a mid-grade spiritual weapon!"
"Middle-grade spirit weapon!"
Upon hearing these words, many outer sect disciples' eyes lit up with a fiery light.
Not to mention a mid-grade spiritual weapon, even a high-grade profound weapon would be considered a generous reward for an outer court disciple. Furthermore, the reward this time was actually a mid-grade spiritual weapon.
One had to know that the value of a Middle-grade Spiritual Weapon was extremely shocking. To the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, most of them would struggle their entire lives to obtain a Low-grade Spiritual Weapon. However, the reward this time was actually a Middle-grade Spiritual Weapon, which was one level higher than a Low-grade Spiritual Weapon.
Right now, the one who was the most calm and collected was instead Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng didn't meet Luo Yan right now, he might be just like everyone else, showing great interest in this reward.
However, that fleeting glimpse in Purgatory Mountain and his confrontation with Wang Yanmiao made Luo Zheng understand that there was still a long and far road ahead of him.
That was why Luo Zheng's current state of mind was extremely calm.
This wasn't to say that Luo Zheng wasn't interested in this mission. If he could refine his willpower through this mission, increase his strength, then Luo Zheng obviously wouldn't refuse!
Su Lingyun then said, "I believe that most of the outer sect disciples here have never seen a demonic before."
"The reason they can be called demonic isn't only because they are of a different race! Instead, it is because these demonic creatures innately possess demonic energy. "As she spoke, Su Lingyun waved her hand, lifting up a piece of the yellow curtain next to her.
Only a corner of that yellow curtain was lifted. Before everyone had time to clearly see what was inside, they immediately felt a wave of powerful demonic energy assault them.
This demonic energy seemed to be the natural bane of humans!
Even though there were many outer sect disciples here, when faced with this wave of demonic energy, most of their faces immediately became deathly pale, quite a few of them revealing expressions of fear.
"This is demonic energy?"
"So terrifying, as if even my soul is being controlled by the demonic energy, I'm so scared …"
"I clearly know that the demonic creature under the yellow curtain isn't a threat, so why do I still feel fear?"
When faced with the wave of demonic energy that assaulted his face, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Just now, this wave of demonic energy, even though it was extremely weak, Luo Zheng's heartbeat still sped up.
If Luo Zheng didn't have such strong confidence in his own strength, he would most likely be very scared at this moment!
"Among the outer sect disciples, I will be recruiting five people as candidates for this Demon-Slaying Trial. These five people will be selected in the following tests." Su Lingyun said, "I believe everyone has already guessed that the creature under the yellow curtain next to me is a demonic creature. This is an ordinary adult demonic creature."
"Although the demonic race is powerful, many human cultivators will lose to demonic creatures that are much weaker than them. The reason for this is related to the demonic energy just now!" Su Lingyun continued to explain.
Emitting demonic energy was almost an instinct of the demonic race.
And this demonic energy had a great impact on the human state of mind. Therefore, when a human expert fought with a far weaker demonic creature, it was usually the demonic creature that tore the human into pieces.
The reason for this was that demonic energy could disturb the mind and instill fear in humans, causing them to lose without a fight.
"Therefore, the first step to killing a demonic creature is to be able to overcome the pressure from the demonic energy!" After Su Lingyun finished speaking, a sword appeared in her hand.
Su Lingyun held the long sword in her hand and walked around the demonic creature covered by the yellow curtain. At the same time, she drew a circle on the ground with the long sword.
After drawing the innermost circle, Su Lingyun walked another two feet outside and drew another circle.
In a short while, Su Lingyun had drawn a total of ten circles. Each circle was bigger than the previous one, and each circle was connected to the previous one.
"From now on, in the next three days, the person who is closest to this demonic creature will be qualified for this Demon-Slaying Trial!" After speaking, Su Lingyun stretched out her hand and directly lifted the yellow curtain.
At this moment, everyone finally saw the demonic creature's true appearance.
At the same time, a strong demonic energy was emitted from the demonic creature's body. The outer sect disciples, who were originally in a circle, immediately retreated backward. The crowd kept retreating until they were about seventy to eighty feet away before they could stop.
That demonic creature had a human form, but its body was horrifyingly bloated. Its entire body was brownish-yellow in color and its two ugly eyes kept scanning its head. Occasionally, its gaze would lock onto those outer sect disciples.
"It's looking at me, it's looking at me!" An outer sect disciple screamed and actually sat on the ground. His legs kept kicking as he moved backward, leaving a long trail of water under that person's buttocks. That outer sect disciple was so frightened that he actually wet himself.
The others were in a slightly better situation than that outer sect disciple, but anyone who was stared at by that demonic creature could not help but retreat and run away.
Su Lingyun looked coldly at those disciples who kept shouting, then shook her head and said, "This demonic creature no longer has the ability to fight. Those who want to participate in the Demon-Slaying Trial can try to get close to it now!"
Just as Su Lingyun finished speaking, an outer sect disciple had already jumped out and cupped his hands towards Su Lingyun, saying, "Teacher Su, I want to try!"