"Luo Zheng is actually smiling! That guy can actually smile in the face of such a terrifying demon! "
"It's only the first and second laps. What's the big deal?"
"Why don't you try? Look at those people in front of you. Who can smile? Even Hao Shige can't smile! "
Hao Shige's face turned ugly when he heard their words.
He could force a smile in the face of a demon, but he also understood that his smile was probably uglier than crying. This Luo Zheng really loved to show off. He had to find a chance to teach him a lesson for being so ostentatious! Hao Shige was faintly displeased.
These discussions reached Luo Zheng's ears and made Luo Zheng feel somewhat helpless. Therefore, after entering the second laps, Luo Zheng simply stopped smiling.
After entering the second laps, Luo Zheng felt that the demon aura was thirty percent denser, but it was still acceptable.
Moving forward, Luo Zheng quickly passed the third, fourth, and fifth laps.
At this moment, the demon's huge body suddenly shook. It raised its ugly head and roared at Luo Zheng.
If it were an ordinary demon beast, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid at all if it roared at Luo Zheng like that.
However, this demon's demon aura magnified its terror by a hundred times.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt as if his heart was being seized by fear!
"Thump, thump!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng was surrounded by demon aura, as if he was the only person left in the world.
This fear seemed to be innate, and Luo Zheng couldn't avoid it at all.
Not only was his heart beating rapidly, but even his body couldn't help but tremble.
Human instincts were to seek good fortune and avoid evil. In the face of danger and threat, they would almost instinctively avoid it.
Luo Zheng was a human. Naturally, he also had such instincts.
He could also feel fear, shrink back, and be troubled by negative emotions.
"The demon aura emitted by this demon is indeed strange! But if this little threat can scare me, Luo Zheng, it's looking down on me too much! " In Luo Zheng's eyes, a bright light suddenly burst out. His eyes were filled with resolute and unyielding courage.
Driven by this courage, Luo Zheng kept his feet on the ground and continued to move forward.
"Roar!"
Just like humans, the Demon Clan was highly intelligent. It knew very well that once it was captured, there was no way it could survive. Even so, it still wanted to torture these weak humans mentally.
When facing other humans, its demonic aura was very effective, successfully scaring them into pissing their pants.
However, the young man in front of it didn't seem to be affected by its demonic aura at all. That was why it was so enraged that it roared with all its might.
The surging Demon Aura surged toward Luo Zheng like a tide, wrapping him up tightly.
These demonic auras were like invisible chains that constantly tore at Luo Zheng, consumed Luo Zheng's courage, and prevented Luo Zheng from moving forward.
When Luo Zheng entered the seventh lap, it finally seemed to be difficult. He stopped and closed his eyes.
"Luo Zheng stopped, seventh lap! This result is not bad! "
"What is he thinking with his eyes closed? If he can enter the eighth lap, he will tie with Hao Shige's result. "
"Alas, I don't think he can do it. Look at him standing there in a daze. Is he scared silly?"
The Outer Sect disciples began to discuss again.
The Outer Sect disciples who entered the seventh lap either moved forward quickly or were immediately scared to the point of pissing their pants. However, Luo Zheng was very unique. He was actually standing on the seventh lap with his eyes closed and thinking about life?
How could Luo Zheng have the time to think about life?
Deep down, Luo Zheng kept telling himself that the person in front of him was just a piece of trash who was bound up and posed no threat to him. The fear in his heart was just an illusion. It was all just a bubble!
At the same time, there was another voice in his heart that was also telling Luo Zheng to stop moving forward! That demonic beast was an existence that he could not defeat. As long as he took another step forward, it would tear him to pieces, and he would fall into the abyss where he would never be able to reincarnate.
Luo Zheng's will and instinct were constantly fighting inside his body!
Seeing this, the demonic beast howled even harder!
Its whole body was constantly struggling, as if it could break free at any time and pounce on Luo Zheng, swallowing him in one gulp.
The surrounding Outer Sect disciples had already retreated a considerable distance, but under the demonic beast's desperation to release its demonic aura and howl unceasingly, they retreated a few more steps.
Only Luo Zheng was like an old monk in meditation, not moving at all.
"When facing a demonic beast, you must have an absolutely calm heart," Su Lingyun, who was standing not far away, said indifferently, "This demonic beast's strength is only equivalent to a Xiantian lifeform's strength. Think about it, would a Xiantian lifeform make you so afraid?"
Xiantian lifeform? Luo Zheng thought to himself. Even Zhuge Feng, who was at Xiantian Realm Stage Eight or Xiantian Realm Stage Nine, did not scare him!
Logically speaking, this demonic beast in front of him shouldn't be a cause for fear!
That was because its demonic aura had almost seeped into Luo Zheng's body, controlling Luo Zheng's instincts, and directly fighting against Luo Zheng's will.
Therefore, Luo Zheng had to use a strong willpower to suppress his instincts.
Defeating oneself was far more difficult than defeating others!
But at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly had a brainwave. That's right, I can use that move!
"Selfless State!"
Luo Zheng forced his soul to enter the Selfless State.
He pulled his consciousness out of his body, and in a state where he had completely forgotten himself, he looked down at himself!
Even though his body was incomparably fearful, Luo Zheng was able to control his body very calmly, and he was completely unaffected by the demonic aura.
All of a sudden, the negative emotions that made him fearful and fearful disappeared without a trace!
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, there was no more courage or fear in his eyes. His clear eyes were devoid of any positive or negative emotions.
Luo Zheng stepped into the range of the eighth lap.
After two or three steps, he entered the ninth lap.
Luo Zheng has surpassed Hao Shige and stepped into the ninth lap! "
"He's so close to the demonic beast. Is he really not afraid?"
"If it were me, I'm afraid my heart would have been scared out of my wits …"
At this moment, the demonic beast was only six or seven steps away from Luo Zheng.
The demonic beast was even more furious now. Its ugly eyes were completely red, and the sharp teeth in its mouth were constantly gnashing. As long as Luo Zheng dared to approach, it would eat him in one bite!
However, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the tenth lap. He arrived in front of the demonic beast and sized it up with a calm gaze.
Facing the furious demonic beast, Luo Zheng, who had already entered a state of selflessness, was completely calm. It was as if he was not facing a demonic beast, but a kitten or a puppy.
"Alright, Luo Zheng, you've already entered the tenth lap. You've already passed. Don't go any closer, or you'll be in danger," Su Lingyun reminded him.
Although the demonic beast was bound, it would still attack him if he got too close.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to Su Lingyun's words, and continued to approach the demonic beast.
The demonic beast also did not realize that this human would take the initiative to throw his life away.
According to the classification of human ranks, this human was only half a step into the Xiantian Realm, right? God knows how many of these weak humans this demon had already devoured.
Since you want to throw your life away, then I'll swallow you in one bite!
"Brother Luo Zheng, come back! You've already stepped into the innermost circle. There's no need to go any closer! "Seeing this scene, Mo Can's face was covered in sweat, and he shouted from behind.
"Is this Luo Zheng scared out of his wits? Does he want to throw his life away? "someone else said.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to the others' voices, and continued to approach the demonic beast.
When he was only a foot away from the demonic beast, the demonic beast suddenly tilted its neck, opened its mouth full of sharp teeth, and bit at Luo Zheng's head.
At this moment, many people could not help but cry out in alarm.
Luo Zheng's blood was about to splatter everywhere!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's fist also blasted out.
The dragon scale on his body suddenly lit up.
Seven dragon scales had already erupted with a powerful force, making Luo Zheng's strength far surpass his peers.
How terrifying would the power of more than a hundred dragon scales be?
"Pfft!"
Before the demonic beast could bite him, his fist had already smashed into the demonic beast's head.
Luo Zheng did not even circulate his True Essence for this punch.
He used pure strength to hit the demonic beast's head.
This force was like the most destructive tsunami in the sea.
The tsunami-like punch covered and drowned the demonic beast in the blink of an eye.
"Pop!"
When the force entered the demonic beast's body, it turned into a bloody mist in the blink of an eye.
Apart from its skeleton, which was shattered inch by inch, all the flesh and blood on its body were blown up by Luo Zheng and turned into fine powder.
Seeing such a terrifying scene, all the outer sect disciples were speechless.
In fact, many of the outer sect disciples had the strength to kill this demonic beast. Since the demonic beast was already bound and sealed, it was not difficult to kill it as long as they kept their distance.
The difficult part was how to overcome their own fear!
Although some of the people before had performed very dazzlingly and dared to enter the seventh and eighth circles, in fact, they had not overcome the fear in their hearts.
It was just that their courage was stronger than ordinary people, and they had temporarily suppressed the fear in their hearts.
But Luo Zheng not only suppressed his own fear, but after entering the state of selflessness, he was not affected by the demonic Qi at all!
That was why he dared to face the demonic beast and blow it up with one punch!
＝＝＝＝＝