The protagonists of this demon-slaying mission were naturally the inner sect disciples.
To the outer sect disciples, this mission could only be considered as an experience. It was unrealistic for them to face the demonic beast personally and kill it.
However, if they could overcome their fear of the demonic aura through this experience, it would be very beneficial for their future growth.
However, to everyone's surprise, Luo Zheng directly blew up this demonic beast the moment he came up!
Many outer sect disciples saw very clearly that Luo Zheng did not use True Qi in this punch! He only relied on pure strength.
The reason why humans were strong was not because of their strong physical strength, but because they used True Qi, True Essence, and various magical abilities to unleash unparalleled power.
However, Luo Zheng directly smashed this demonic beast, which was equivalent to the Xiantian Mystic Realm, into pieces with pure strength. Such terrifying strength was beyond everyone's imagination.
If Luo Zheng used True Qi, how strong would his strength be?
This question arose in the minds of many outer sect disciples at the same time.
Su Lingyun's eyes also revealed a hint of surprise. In this short period of time, Luo Zheng's strength had obviously improved by a large margin, and his strength was completely different from before.
In fact, this was indeed the case.
After Luo Zheng lit up over a hundred dragon scales, just by relying on the power of the dragon scales, his strength had increased by more than ten times!
If he purely relied on strength, an expert like He Tiancheng would end up like this demonic beast if he was hit by his punch.
Seeing Luo Zheng's rapid growth, Su Lingyun also revealed a hint of joy in her heart. Luo Zheng's growth completely proved that her vision was unique. Back then, in order to recruit Luo Zheng into the Xiao Yufeng Academy, she had clashed with the mentors from the other mountain peaks. This was worth it.
She wondered how the mentors from the other mountain peaks would react if Luo Zheng really rose in the future. Would they regret it so much that their intestines turned green?
Su Lingyun was secretly happy, but there was no trace of a smile on her face. Instead, she stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "I only let you try to get close to it. Why did you kill it?"
Hearing Instructor Su's question, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. "Instructor Su, I accidentally got too close to you. You didn't use any protective measures and this guy wanted to bite me. Naturally, I had to fight back and accidentally ended up like this …"
"Oh? So you're blaming me? "Mentor Su's eyebrows raised. This guy was simply too shameless.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded, expressing his agreement with Mentor Su's words.
Su Lingyun snorted. She also understood Luo Zheng's character. He was a stubborn guy. After thinking for a while, she said to all the outer sect disciples, "If there's anyone else who wants to be qualified, you can come to me alone. I'll arrange for other members of the Demon Clan to take the test. In three days, I'll decide on the qualifications of the five outer sect disciples. Everyone, please hurry up."
After speaking, Su Lingyun turned her head and glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. Then, she stepped onto a Flying Chariot parked in the corner and flew away.
After Su Lingyun left, the outer sect disciples in the square gathered and surrounded the skeleton of the Demon Clan.
This Demon Clan's flesh and blood had been completely destroyed by Luo Zheng's enormous strength. Only a pile of bones was left. Naturally, it could no longer emit that kind of frightening Demon Qi.
Many people gathered around the skeleton, discussing and clicking their tongues in amazement.
"How strong does one have to be to be able to beat this Demon Clan into this state?!"
"You're the one who doesn't know. I've seen a Xiantian stage eight expert who used all his strength to turn a mountain into flying ash."
"You said it yourself. Can a Xiantian stage eight expert's strength be mentioned in the same breath as Luo Zheng? Luo Zheng is only a half-step Xiantian expert. You also saw that he didn't even use his True Essence. He only used his pure strength! My God … Is he still human? "
Hao Shige stood alone on the spot, his eyes still somewhat dazed.
He originally thought that he was very outstanding.
Facing a Demon Clan for the first time, he was able to walk into the eighth circle and maintain his composure. This result was indeed very outstanding. At least, he was the only one in Xiao Yufeng who could do this.
But Hao Shige never imagined that not only did Luo Zheng surpass him, but he also directly killed the Demon Clan!
Luo Zheng's incomparably powerful punch kept reverberating in his mind, constantly shaking his soul.
He wanted to maintain his usual nonchalant attitude!
No matter how powerful a genius was, as long as he was willing to work hard, he would definitely be able to surpass him!
What was a mere Luo Zheng?
But Luo Zheng's strength was too shocking, too stunning, too powerful. In Hao Shige's heart, there was a voice telling him that he would never be able to surpass Luo Zheng in this lifetime!
Suddenly, Hao Shige suddenly shouted, "Brute strength, the courage of an ignorant man! Humans have always relied on True Essence to establish themselves in this world! This kind of pure strength is useless on the battlefield. The opponent simply won't give you a chance to display your strength! "
One had to admit that what Hao Shige said was reasonable. No matter how strong one was, what was the use if they couldn't hit the opponent?
But Luo Zheng also cultivated True Qi. His true strength was far more than what he showed!
Many of the outer disciples had strange expressions on their faces when they heard Hao Shige's loud shout.
Hao Shige, as the number one outer court disciple, shouted like this, unavoidably showing his narrow-mindedness and loss of self-control.
After Hao Shige finished shouting, he saw the outer court disciples looking at him with strange expressions. Only then did he realize that he had lost control of his emotions. His face sank, and he turned around and left the square.
After Su Lingyun left, Luo Zheng also left the square with Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others. Naturally, they didn't see this scene.
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng would definitely participate in the Demon Slaying Competition. He had to make more preparations for this.
After returning to his room, Luo Zheng took out the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》.
This 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 cost more than 20,000 crystal stones to bid for it. For this reason, he had a head-on conflict with Zhuge Feng.
After all, this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 was Che Daozi's secret. If he could glimpse the techniques of a Weapon Refining Grandmaster through this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 and was lucky enough to be able to refine a Spirit Weapon or even an Immortal Weapon, then the 20,000 crystal stones he had invested this time could be repaid with interest.
Luo Zheng opened the first page of the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 and began to read.
Strictly speaking, this was not a serious Weapon Refining Technique.
Che Daozi himself had written very casually. The words on the cover were flamboyant and flamboyant, like flying birds startling snakes. They were all Che Daozi's mental cultivation methods and insights when he was refining.
Because of this, this 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 was not as dry and boring as other Weapon Refining Techniques. On the contrary, Luo Zheng found it interesting after reading it in one breath.
"The so-called Weapon Refining Technique is actually the same as a martial artist's cultivation. All roads lead to the same goal. It's all about comprehending the Heaven's Evolution Law!" Reading up to this point, Luo Zheng also gained some insight.
For example, when Luo Zheng had obtained that mysterious Weapon Refining Technique, he had cultivated himself like a weapon. In fact, he had also obtained a trace of the Heaven's Evolution power through tempering. Because of this, Luo Zheng had been able to strengthen himself through the Heaven's Evolution essence.
"Weapons can naturally absorb a trace of the Heaven's Evolution power through continuous tempering. This is also why a weapon must be cleansed by True Fire and tempered a thousand times in order to take shape!"
Luo Zheng had gained a lot of insight after reading up to this part of the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》. Previously, Luo Zheng had read through Xie Lang's Weapon Refining Secret Manuals. Many of the questions he had encountered in the process had been resolved in the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》.
If Luo Zheng was given a Weapon Refining Furnace and a wisp of True Fire, he would be able to refine weapons.
However, Luo Zheng still had many doubts.
Was the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 worth more than 20,000 crystal stones?
There was no need to doubt Che Daozi's own insights. If the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》 was just a secret manual that taught people how to refine weapons, then its value wouldn't even be worth one square of crystal stone. If that was the case, Luo Zheng would have made a huge loss by spending 20,000 square of crystal stones on it.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng quickly flipped through the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques》, pondering over the problems within.
Zhuge Feng seemed to want this book very much, and Che Daozi's disciples were also determined to obtain it. There was definitely some big secret hidden within!
As Luo Zheng flipped through the pages, he finally sensed that something was wrong.
Logically speaking, all the pages in a book should be the same thickness.
However, as Luo Zheng flipped through the pages, he discovered that one of the pages was thicker.
"Eh? Could it be that two pages have been glued together?"
Luo Zheng carefully flipped open the page. Indeed, he discovered that there was a universe within this page.
Following the edges of the page, Luo Zheng carefully tore the edges apart, and finally pulled the two pages apart from the middle.
In between the two pages, Luo Zheng found a piece of white satin as thin as a cicada's wing.
"This is snow satin woven from the silk of ice silkworms."
Ice silkworms were a kind of strange insect in the Northern Territory. The silk they spat out was very cold. When these silk were woven into satin, this kind of material was called snow satin. It was very cool and comfortable to wear.
When Luo Zheng was young, he had worn several pieces of snow satin, so he had a very deep impression of it.
He reached out and pinched the piece of white satin between his fingers, and saw that there was a painting on it.
This painting was also very messy, but Luo Zheng could still recognize that it recorded a map.
"Nine Yin Mountain … Jade Dragon Valley … There is also an Eight Trigrams next to it. It says Qian Three, Kun Six, Kan Two, Li Nine …"
Luo Zheng frowned as he read it out in a soft voice.
From the looks of it, this should be a treasure map.
Che Daozi was a Weapon Refining Grandmaster, but he didn't pass down many treasures. Could it be that this was his treasure trove?