Although Luo Zheng was not a scholar, he had read a lot of books over the years. He was familiar with the famous mountains and rivers of the Sky-Burning Empire.
However, Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with these two places. He had never heard of them before.
After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng carefully put the snow satin into the "Weapon Refining Secret Arts", and then put it back into the Sumeru Ring.
There might be priceless treasures here, but he would have to look for them in the future.
At this stage, Luo Zheng still had to make preparations to kill the demons.
Although Luo Zheng had killed a demon with a punch today, that demon had been completely bound and sealed. It had no power to fight back.
It was just a test of Luo Zheng's courage.
But once he went down the mountain, he would face the real demons!
During this time, Luo Zheng still practiced diligently, constantly consolidating his strength and refining his Yuan Qi.
A few days later, Su Lingyun finally made a list of five outer disciples, and Luo Zheng was one of them.
In addition to Luo Zheng, there was also Hao Shige, who was an outer disciple, and Guo Ziyao, who was now ranked third in the outer disciples. There were also two and a half outer disciples, who were also half-step to Xiantian.
After choosing the list, Su Lingyun gave Luo Zheng and the others a few days to prepare.
A few days later, the five outer disciples and five inner disciples on Xiao Yufeng gathered on the Azure Sky Platform.
The Azure Sky Platform was also full of people today.
Half of them were inner disciples in black robes, and the other half were outer disciples in white robes.
To be able to pass the demon's test, it could not be said that these people were the strongest among the outer and inner disciples of each mountain, but it was certain that these disciples were the most courageous. At least they could control the fear in their hearts and overcome themselves.
In the center of the Azure Sky Platform, a mentor was standing there, loudly announcing the rules of this demon slaying and some things to pay attention to.
Regardless of whether it was the outer or inner disciples, they could not directly enter the Asura Battlefield to face those powerful demons. With their current strength, facing the truly powerful demons was not enough to fill the gaps between their teeth.
Behind the Asura Battlefield, there was a forest bordering the empire. This forest was called the Sky Forest.
The demon race would often send some demon scouts to infiltrate the empire to investigate the enemy. A total of 330 disciples from the 33 Green Cloud Peaks would infiltrate the Sky Forest to slay the demons.
After the mentor finished speaking, the giant flying chariot in the sky slowly descended.
"Alright, disciples, you may set off." After the mentor finished speaking, he stepped to the side.
Many Azure Cloud Sect disciples entered the giant Flying Chariot one after another.
Even the order of entry was very particular. Everyone was ranked according to Qingyun Peak's ranking, first and second.
The first to enter was the disciple of the Lone Sky Peak, which was ranked first among the 33 Green Cloud Peaks.
Then it was the second ranked Black mountain Peak
Next, the third place Black
…
Xiao Yufeng was ranked last. Naturally, he was ranked last.
After the five inner disciples entered, Luo Zheng, Hao Shige, and the others followed behind and entered the giant flying chariot.
More than 300 disciples were the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. They carefully sized each other up, and there was a hint of provocation in their eyes.
Luo Zheng was still sitting in the corner with his eyes closed. He did not pay attention to his surroundings.
The purpose of this trip was to slay demons and train. Other than that, he did not want to cause any trouble.
However, even though Luo Zheng did not want to find trouble with others, there would always be people who would find trouble with him. There were many things in this world that could not be helped.
Just as the giant flying chariot slowly moved and steadily rose into the air, someone stepped on the deck of the flying chariot and walked toward Luo Zheng.
That person was wearing a black robe. Although he was a man, his hair was tied into small braids. At the end of each braid was a sharp dart.
"You're Luo Zheng, right?" the person asked as he stood in front of Luo Zheng.
Hearing that person's question, everyone in the cabin knew that there was going to be a show to watch.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and blinked. He stared at that person and said, "What's the matter?"
"I'm Zhuge Ye. Zhuge Feng is my older brother. You insulted him a few days ago. This time, I'm going to take your life," that person said casually, as if he was talking about something very easy.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally showed an impatient expression. He said coldly, "Why didn't Zhuge Feng come himself?"
"You're not worthy of him making a move," Zhuge Ye said.
Hearing Zhuge Ye's words, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up and laughed loudly. His laughter immediately spread to every corner of the giant flying chariot.
This time, the people who came to kill the demon were the most courageous disciples of each mountain peak of the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, everyone was very restrained.
Although there were provocations between each other, they were very subtle and did not want to be too conspicuous. After all, after entering the Cang Qiong forest, if they were targeted by the people of other mountain peaks, they would also have to deal with the demon race in the forest.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng was laughing so wildly that even the inner disciples frowned.
Not far away, Hao Shige saw this scene and felt very happy in his heart. He thought, "Luo Zheng, ah, Luo Zheng, this is the price of being arrogant and making enemies everywhere. I'm afraid you won't be able to survive in the Cang Qiong forest this time!"
Zhuge Ye said sternly: "You are only a half-step Xiantian master, and I have the strength of Xiantian fifth stage. Killing you is like slaughtering a pig. You are about to die, what's so funny about that?"
"I'm laughing at your family's famous third son. What bullshit Zhuge Feng, he is just a coward. He has sent people to find trouble with me time and time again, but the result is no exception, he is courting death!" Luo Zheng said coldly: "Don't talk nonsense with me. There are many people who want to kill me, and you are just one more. It's best if you send a few more people at a time so that I can deal with them all at once and save so much trouble!"
Previously, when Luo Zheng was laughing so loudly, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect thought that Luo Zheng was crazy and did not know how to restrain himself.
Now, they finally saw that the previous laughter was just a child's play. This half-step Xiantian outer disciple seemed to be boundlessly arrogant!
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had all heard of Zhuge Feng's name. Although this person had the nickname of the third madman, he was extremely strong and quick-witted. He was a very difficult opponent to deal with.
They did not expect that Luo Zheng would dare to call him a coward!
Even if Zhuge Feng was not here, Zhuge Ye's strength was definitely not weak.
With the strength of Xiantian fifth stage, he could be considered one of the best among the inner disciples.
At least, it was more than enough to deal with a half-step Xiantian brat!
But that half-step Xiantian brat dared to scold Zhuge Ye and Zhuge Feng in front of his face without the slightest fear, without the slightest taboo … …
These people who passed the Demon Slaying Assessment belonged to the most courageous group of people. But compared to Luo Zheng, they were not on the same level.
Zhuge Ye's mouth was far less eloquent than Zhuge Feng. When Luo Zheng said this, he did not have much to say. His whole body's Zhen Yuan was boiling as he pointed at Luo Zheng and said: "You dare to scold my brother, you are courting death!"
"I'm courting death? Hehe, even if I'm not courting death, do you think your Family Zhuge will let me off? Do you think your brother will let me off? Since we're both courting death, what's wrong with me scolding you a few times? "Luo Zheng replied coldly.
"I … …" Zhuge Ye's face turned red. It seemed that he wanted to fight on the huge Flying Chariot.
Luo Zheng calmly took two steps back and sneered: "If you want to fight, I'll accompany you!"
But at this time, another two inner disciples walked over and put their hands on Zhuge Ye's shoulders: "You can't fight here. If you really damage the Flying Chariot, you will be in big trouble. When we reach the Cang Qiong Forest, you can kill him however you want!"
Under the persuasion of the two inner disciples, Zhuge Ye finally calmed down. Finally, he snorted coldly at Luo Zheng and turned around to return to his seat.
At this time, Luo Zheng slowly circulated the Sky Demon Qi in his body and forced it back into his Dantian.
It would be a lie to say that he did not feel any pressure when facing Zhuge Ye who was at Xiantian fifth stage.
Just now, Luo Zheng seemed to be fearless, but in fact, he was in a state of full alert. As long as Zhuge Ye showed the slightest killing intent, he would immediately counterattack, even if they were on the huge Flying Chariot.
Luo Zheng had lit more than 100 dragon scales and had also comprehended the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》. His strength was at a small peak and he wanted to test his limits.
Returning to his seat, Luo Zheng closed his eyes as the massive Flying Chariot shuddered as it flew. He enjoyed the last bit of peace he had.