Cang Qiong Forest got its name from the tall spruce trees.
Each of these spruce trees was dozens of feet tall. Each of the spruce trees pierced through the clouds, pointing straight to the sky. The ancient people named it Cang Qiong Forest.
This forest was huge, vast, and dense. Standing at the entrance of the forest, one could feel a trace of gloominess and sadness.
After leaving the giant Flying Chariot, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect formed groups of ten. Five inner disciples led five outer disciples towards Cang Qiong Forest.
Luo Zheng had just jumped out of the giant Flying Chariot when the five inner disciples on the Xiao Yufeng surrounded Luo Zheng.
One of the black-robed disciples walked up to Luo Zheng and said arrogantly, "Brat, I don't care about the conflict between you and Zhuge Ye. If you want to survive in Cang Qiong Forest, you'd better listen to us! If you are as arrogant as you were on the Flying Chariot, there will only be one outcome. You will become food in the demon's stomach! "
"Even if you are arrogant, you must have the capital. You are just a Half-step to Xiantian and an outer disciple. You still need our protection to participate in the Demon Slaying Mission. If you provoke Zhuge Ye for no reason, won't you be causing trouble for us? Let me tell you in advance. If Zhuge Ye attacks you, we will not stop him! "Another black-robed disciple said to Luo Zheng.
"I heard that you have made a name for yourself in the outer sect recently. But let me tell you, the outer sect is just the foundation of the foundation. Your achievements are not worth mentioning in front of the inner sect disciples! Today, I will teach you a lesson. Don't be arrogant. Think thrice before you act! "Another black-robed disciple said to Luo Zheng.
The other two black-robed disciples looked at him coldly. Then, the five of them turned and walked forward.
Guo Ziyao, Hao Shige, and the other outer sect disciples followed. When they passed by Luo Zheng, they looked at him with pity.
Among them, Hao Shige was the happiest.
The demon extermination mission this time was exceptionally dangerous. If Luo Zheng lost the protection of those inner court disciples, then other than death, there was probably no other way out for him. Now that Luo Zheng suffered a loss in front of those inner court disciples, he was naturally extremely delighted in his heart!
Faced with the reprimands of the inner sect disciples, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly. At the same time, he felt a slight chill in his heart.
Luo Zheng was not the kind of person who would turn hostile.
It was just like when he faced the Luo Clan's disciples. Even if they hit him while he was down and tried to kill him, Luo Zheng still spared their lives out of consideration for their old friendship.
. Luo Zheng might's Luo Zheng didn't stay on Xiao for a long time, but he still regarded as a group..... Luo Zheng as a group. He felt a sense warmth's friendship...
But these Inner Sect disciples had such a bad attitude! Just because he provoked Zhuge Ye, he wanted to draw a clear line between them.
In any case, I've never planned on being protected by anyone. Who knows who will be begging whom later!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stopped smiling. He resumed his indifferent expression and walked into Cang Qiong Forest.
Compared to the tropical rainforest in the south, Cang Qiong Forest's light was blocked by the huge spruce trees. Only the occasional sunlight shone through the gaps. The whole environment was dim and quiet.
Not far away, strange bird cries could be heard from time to time. They were far and near, but they couldn't distinguish the source of the sound.
After entering Cang Qiong Forest, everyone was infected by the atmosphere. They were on high alert. After all, this was Cang Qiong Forest.
Although there was Baidi City in front of Cang Qiong Forest, which was resisting the Demon Clan's army on the Asura Battlefield, there were still many Demon Clan scouts sneaking into Cang Qiong Forest. Although each of the inner sect disciples had the strength to fight against ordinary Demon Soldiers, once a real battle began, no one could say for sure who would win or lose.
Hao Shige, Guo Zirao, and the other outer disciples of Little Rain Peak were also very nervous at this moment. They all took out their weapons, and while being on guard, they followed behind the five inner disciples.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's expression was the most relaxed.
His soul had been refined and was far stronger than that of ordinary people. Even the souls of the five Xiantian lifeforms in front of him were far inferior to Luo Zheng's.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's perception was stronger. He was more aware of the movements around him.
As Xiao Yufeng's group went deeper into the forest, they became more and more separated from the disciples of the other peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect.
They followed the small path in Cang Qiong Forest for about ten to twenty kilometers.
An inner disciple who was scouting ahead suddenly stepped on a piece of rotten wood and broke it with a crackling sound.
"What's the matter!" Hao Shige, who had been very nervous, shouted.
The inner sect disciple turned his head and said with a sneer, "Hao Shige, don't be so nervous. It's just a log."
"Be careful!" Just as the inner sect disciple was talking to Hao Shige, a big snake that looked like dead wood suddenly emerged from behind the thick and big spruce trunk.
The big snake's whole body was greenish-gray, which was very similar to the color of the spruce bark. Therefore, no one noticed it when it was entrenched there.
As soon as the snake appeared, it opened its bloody mouth and bit towards the inner court disciple. It looked like it wanted to swallow the inner court disciple in one bite.
At this moment, a silver light flickered in the air. The silver light swept past the big snake's head and instantly cut it in two.
"Junior Brother Qiu, although we haven't encountered any demons yet, you'd better be careful!" The inner sect disciple who attacked said indifferently. In his hand was a sword shining with silver light.
When the inner sect disciple surnamed Qiu saw this, he immediately cupped his hands and said with a smile, "Senior Brother Lin Geng, thank you for your help!"
Luo Zheng, who was standing at the back, saw Lin Geng's sword and raised his eyebrows. Even though Xiao Yufeng was the last mountain peak, there was no lack of experts in the inner sect. Lin Geng's strength was very strong. Although he killed a rank four demon snake, his reaction speed was not much slower than Luo Zheng's.
Just now, Luo Zheng had already put his hand in the sumeru ring. If Lin Geng didn't help, Luo Zheng would have killed the big snake with a flying knife.
Lin Geng nodded, put away the sword, and led the team to continue forward.
The ten disciples of Xiao Yufeng were led by Lin Geng.
Along the way, they did not encounter any Yao Clan members. However, they did manage to kill off quite a number of Yao Clan members. Amongst them, there was no lack of powerful Yao Clan members. However, under the siege of the five Little Rain Peak inner disciples, their corpses were quickly torn apart and their Yao Cores dug out.
As for Hao Shige, Guo Ziyao, and Luo Zheng, the five outer sect disciples, they became complete spectators.
Just like that, they stumbled all the way until noon, when they finally stopped at the edge of a valley.
The inner sect disciple surnamed Qiu suddenly pointed at Hao Shige and Guo Zirao, "You, and you, go find some firewood and make a fire here!"
Hao Shige and Guo Zirao were two of the top figures among the outer sect disciples. When had they been ordered to do this kind of work?
Their eyes flashed with a touch of anger. Obviously, they were very dissatisfied with the task assigned by the disciple surnamed Qiu.
"What? You don't want to? If you don't want to, then don't follow us. Go wherever you want! Since you enjoy our protection, you have to do something! "The disciple surnamed Qiu said coldly.
Hao Shige and Guo Zirao looked at each other, showing a helpless expression. They really had no choice. People under the eaves had to bow their heads. They couldn't go back to participate in this Demon Slaying Trial, right? Cang Qiong Forest was so big. If they turned back, they were afraid that they would only die.
Seeing that they had no choice, the two could only lower their heads and look for firewood.
After the disciple surnamed Qiu gave the order, his eyes swept over Luo Zheng and the others, and said, "You guys, go to the valley and keep watch!"
Luo Zheng wanted to say something, but after thinking about it, he gave up.
After all, now that Xiao Yufeng had ten people, it was considered a team. It was not too much to do something.
Luo Zheng climbed along the edge of the valley, climbed up a slippery stone, and looked into the distance.
The Cang Qiong Forest was vast. As far as the eye could see, except for the green spruce forest, it was difficult to distinguish anything else.
"We said we were here to slay demons, but we didn't even see a demon!" The outer disciple who came with Luo Zheng to keep watch said.
"The Cang Qiong Forest is so big, how can there be so many demons? If you really want to see the demons, just cross this forest and stand on the city wall of White Emperor City. There are as many demons as you want! "Another outer disciple said.
Hearing the conversation between the two, Luo Zheng was silent. Since the establishment of the Fengtian Dynasty, the human race in the Eastern Region had created a prosperous situation. However, in the past hundred years, the demons had been incessant. For a time, the entire Fengtian Dynasty felt that it was in imminent danger.
Fortunately, there were two people in the Fengtian Dynasty. One was the peerless master of the Fengtian Palace, and the other was the sect master of the Blue Cloud Sect. The strength of these two people was unfathomable.
If it weren't for the fear of these two people, the demon race would have already captured White Emperor City and swallowed the entire Eastern Region.
After about half an hour, a wisp of smoke floated up from the valley. Then, someone called Luo Zheng and the other two people over. The lunch was already cooked.
Everyone gathered around the bonfire, either standing or sitting, and began to eat just like that.
"Senior Brother Lin Geng, have you really slain a demon?" While everyone was eating, they heard the disciple surnamed Qiu ask.
Lin Geng tore a piece of roe deer meat and showed a proud smile. He nodded and said, "Four years ago, I was still Xiao Yufeng's outer disciple. At that time, the Asura Battlefield was about to close. I also participated in the Demon Slaying Trial. Coincidentally, a few of us surrounded a Demon Soldier. The most fatal sword was slashed by me!"
To be able to kill a Demon Soldier as an outer disciple was indeed enough to make Lin Geng proud. "But at that time, my strength was still weak. Killing that Demon Soldier was pure luck. If I encounter a Demon Soldier now, I'm afraid I won't be able to last three moves under my sword!"
While Lin Geng was talking, an inner disciple lowered his head and ate meat. Suddenly, he screamed in a strange voice, "Is that so? I wonder if I can last three moves under your sword? "
Suddenly, a torrential demon aura came from the inner disciple's body!
＝＝＝＝＝