At this moment, everyone's expressions changed greatly.
Faced with the surging demon aura, everyone immediately distanced themselves from the inner sect disciple.
"Zeng!"
Lin Geng pointed his sword at the inner sect disciple and said, "You're not Xu Heng. Who are you?"
"Cough, cough, cough …"
The inner sect disciple named Xu Heng let out a strange laugh. Then, a few spikes extended from his body. Strangely, the spikes pierced his skin, but no blood flowed out.
"After hiding in the Cang Qiong Forest for so long, I finally met a human. Human flesh is indeed delicious!" The inner sect disciple stuck out a strange long tongue and licked his lips. Then, his head split apart, revealing his body.
This inner sect disciple was actually a demon!
"When did you swallow Xu Heng's flesh and blood and hide in his body?" Lin Geng asked, the treasured sword in his hand shining with a silver light.
The demon smiled, revealing his sharp teeth. "Human, do you think I need to tell you?" Then, the demon suddenly let out a shrill cry. From the side of the valley, more than ten demons rushed out. They were all ugly, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, exuding a thick demon aura.
"Kill!"
There was almost no way out in the face of demons. Lin Geng was indeed an inner sect disciple. He was unusually decisive.
This time, Xiao Yufeng's disciple was unlucky.
Usually, when demon scouts sneaked into the Cang Qiong Forest, they would move separately and rarely in groups. After all, the Emperor's Army in Baidi City was not useless. If there were too many demons and they were detected by the Emperor's Army, they could be killed by humans.
However, there was a demon that had killed Xu Heng, an Inner Sanctum disciple, and devoured all of his flesh. Wearing Xu Heng's skin, the demon had followed the disciples of Rain Peak all the way. Naturally, this gave the demon a chance to gather helpers.
"Ah …"
Just as Lin Geng gave the order, an outer sect disciple screamed.
To be able to pass the test, that outer sect disciple could be considered a valiant person. But this time, several Demon Soldiers appeared at the same time. His heart was too fearful, and he completely lost the ability to resist. His head was bitten off by one of the Demon Soldiers!
The Demon Soldier understood the fear of humans and deliberately raised the corpse of the Outer Sect Disciple to show off its spoils of war.
The four Inner Sect disciples were now fighting the Demon Soldiers on their own.
On the other hand, Hao Shige, Guo Zirao, and the others' faces were deathly pale, their teeth chattering uncontrollably as they stood there in a daze.
Among the outer court disciples, only Luo Zheng was able to remain calm.
At the moment of the sudden change, Luo Zheng had already clasped the broken flying dagger in his hand. With his back to the valley, he squinted his eyes.
These demon soldiers were like evil spirits that had crawled out from the eighteenth level of hell. In their eyes, humans were like delicious food.
One of the demon soldiers went to Luo Zheng.
The Demon Soldier brandished the spikes in his hands as he moved his scaly long legs and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
"Now!" The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth slightly curled, and the broken flying dagger in his hand suddenly shot out.
"Pu!"
The flying dagger pierced through the Demon Soldier's head and then cut its entire body open. By the time the Demon Soldier fell to the ground, it had already been cut in two.
"One." This was the first Demon Soldier that Luo Zheng had truly beheaded.
Just as he beheaded this Demon Soldier, another Demon Soldier pounced at him from the side. Facing this Demon Soldier, Luo Zheng's fingers pulled slightly, and the broken flying dagger that had just been shot out shot back at him.
"Pu!"
The flying dagger pierced through the Demon Soldier's head, and brain matter flowed out. It was immediately dead.
"Two." Luo Zheng remembered the number and continued to fight.
At this time, Luo Zheng looked towards Hao Shige and saw two Demon Soldiers brandishing their spikes and about to pounce on Hao Shige and Guo Zirao!
In fact, these Demon Soldiers were not very strong. Hao Shige and Guo Zirao were ranked first and third respectively in the Outer Sect. They had the strength to kill Demon Soldiers.
But at this moment, the two of them were scared out of their wits. They could do almost nothing but stand in place and tremble.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng shook his head. He could only push off with his feet and rush 30 feet away. At the same time, he threw out the broken flying dagger in his hand.
"Pu pu!"
Two sounds like watermelons bursting rang out. The broken flying dagger instantly exploded the heads of the two Demon Soldiers.
Luo Zheng walked in front of Hao Shige and Guo Zirao and said, "With only this much courage, you still want to come out and kill Demon Soldiers?"
When Hao Shige saw that it was Luo Zheng who saved his life, his face showed gratitude and surprise. But after being questioned by Luo Zheng, he and Guo Zirao both felt somewhat ashamed.
In fact, it was not that they did not dare to resist, but at this time, their hands and feet did not listen to them at all.
"I didn't expect that our Xiao Yufeng's Outer Sect First Disciple is a waste!" Luo Zheng sneered.
A touch of dark red color suddenly spread from Hao Shige's neck. He, Hao Shige, had a smooth journey in his life. From childhood to now, who didn't call him a genius when they saw him? But now someone actually called him a waste!
This was worse than killing Hao Shige.
"Not convinced? In the face of Demon Soldiers, you don't even dare to move. Tell me, aren't you a waste? "Luo Zheng still sneered.
Hao Shige roared, "I am not a waste!"
Luo Zheng nodded, "Since you are not a waste, then prove it. The strength of these Demon Soldiers is only in the Xiantian Realm. They are even weaker than you. Go and fight, go and risk your life. Even if you die in battle, it is better than standing here like a waste and being trampled on."
A person's potential was infinite. Under Luo Zheng's provocation, Hao Shige roared and unsheathed the three feet long Qingfeng Sword in his hand. With red eyes, he actually slashed towards the Demon Soldiers.
This Hao Shige was able to become an Inner Sect Disciple because his talent, speed, and strength were all excellent. In the future, when he became an Inner Sect Disciple, he would be far stronger than ordinary Inner Sect Disciples. After being provoked by Luo Zheng, his strength was also very amazing.
Waves of wind and thunder rippled out from his green-tipped sword. Under his frenzied sword attacks, he actually sliced a demon into pieces!
After Hao Shige beheaded a Demon Soldier, his chest violently heaved up and down. His eyes were also wide open. He could not believe that he had actually beheaded a Demon Soldier with his own hands.
Only by relying on his own hands, after beheading a Demon Soldier, would he be free from that kind of fear. Hao Shige stood in place in a daze and murmured, "I have comprehended! I am finally free from the Demon Qi! "
He turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng.
However, he saw that Luo Zheng only glanced at him indifferently. Holding that strange throwing knife in his hand, he attacked another Demon Soldier.
At this moment, the number of Demon Soldiers that had fallen at the hands of Luo Zheng had already reached four.
Seeing that those Demon Soldiers could not even last one move in front of Luo Zheng, Hao Shige's heart was filled with emotion. His jealousy towards Luo Zheng had now completely transformed into admiration. He now truly realized that he and Luo Zheng were two completely different people. His status as the number one Outer Sect disciple should have been given up long ago.
The battle in the valley was in full swing. At this moment, Hao Shige did not have much time to think. He raised his True Essence to assist the other Inner Sect Disciples in the battle.
Lin Geng's sword was a low-grade Spiritual Weapon. His sword was extremely fast and sharp. Facing the first Demon Soldier, he had already slashed thirty times in a breath.
However, out of these thirty slashes, not a single one was able to pierce the Demon Soldier.
"Didn't you say three slashes? I've given you so many chances. Why haven't you finished me off yet? "The Demon Soldier spoke in human language. His voice was extremely ear-piercing.
Lin Geng's expression was very ugly. This Demon Soldier was very strange. His speed was much faster than ordinary Demon Soldiers. At this moment, Lin Geng had a guess in his heart. A guess that terrified him. "You're not a Demon Soldier!"
"Ga ga ga ga!" The Demon Soldier let out a shrill laugh. Soon after, several bronze spikes extended from his yellowish-brown body. His body suddenly increased by several feet. From one person's height to two people's height, he stood in front of Lin Geng like a small mountain.
At the same time, this Demon Soldier's Demon Qi also increased rapidly! This Demonic Qi was far more powerful than the Demonic Qi emitted by ordinary Demonic Qi soldiers, filling the entire valley!
Xiao Yufeng and the other Inner Sect Disciples who were in the midst of a fierce battle all paled.
Lin Geng swallowed a mouthful of saliva. His expression was as if he had lost his parents. His heart sank as he spat out two words: "Demon General!"
The strength of a Demon General was far greater than that of an ordinary Demon Soldier.
But generally speaking, Demon Generals rarely appeared in Cang Qiong Forest!
Because the Demon Generals' Demon Qi was too strong, it was very difficult for them to completely conceal their Demon Qi and avoid White Emperor City's search to sneak into Cang Qiong Forest.
But there were exceptions to everything. No matter how this Demon General entered Cang Qiong Forest, it was now standing in front of Lin Geng.
"Even if you're a Demon General, die for me!"
Lin Geng also understood that there was no other choice but to fight. He was different from Hao Shige. He had experienced the Demon Slaying Trial and had personally killed a Demon. At the same time, he also understood that fear was the most useless emotion.
Fear was useless. It would only make one die faster.
Streaks of sharp white light shot towards the Fiend General with all their might. It was a dazzling sight, too much for the eyes to take in.
Such a fierce attack, but the Demon General was able to easily dodge it.
"Dang!"
Lin Geng's sword struck a bronze spike. A crisp sound rang out, causing Lin Geng's arm to go numb.
Not good! Lin Geng knew something was wrong and wanted to retreat.
The Demon General had been waiting for this opportunity. How could it let Lin Geng escape so easily?
The Demon General stretched out its sharp claws and grabbed Lin Geng's sword. With a forceful tug, Lin Geng's sword flew out of his hand and stabbed into the ground, swaying non-stop.
Then, the other claw grabbed towards Lin Geng's chest.
This grab would probably rip open Lin Geng's stomach!
But at this moment, the Demon General seemed to have sensed something. The hand that should have grabbed Lin Geng actually retracted like lightning. At the same time, a flying dagger passed between Lin Geng and the Demon General.
If the Demon General hadn't retracted his hand, he would have been hit by the flying dagger.
Lin Geng saw this scene and found it very strange. This Demon General wasn't even afraid of his low-grade spiritual weapon. Why was he so afraid of this broken flying dagger? He turned his head and saw that not far away, Luo Zheng's hand was still in the posture of throwing the flying dagger. His eyes revealed a look of regret.
"He's too alert. Even like that he didn't hit," Luo Zheng said as he spread out his hands.
The Demon General looked at Luo Zheng. Its ugly eyes revealed a look of fear. It said in a harsh and unpleasant voice, "Human, you're a bit special."