Not only Lin Geng, but all the inner disciples knew that the outer disciples who came with them had no capital to fight against the demon race except for their courage.
These outer disciples were all burdens.
However, according to the Blue Cloud Sect's rules, the five inner disciples had to bring along five burdens to participate in the demon-slaying mission.
Therefore, when Xiao Yufeng was still an inner disciple, Lin Geng and the others had discussed how to deal with these burdens so that they wouldn't be a burden to the inner disciples during battle.
At that time, Lin Geng never thought that he would be saved by a burden.
At the same time, Lin Geng was even more confused. That demon general wasn't even afraid of his Nine Elements Diffraction Sword, so why was it so afraid of Luo Zheng's flying dagger?
"If I'm special, will you let me go?" Luo Zheng said as he retrieved the broken flying dagger.
The demon general stuck out its tongue from its mouth full of sharp teeth and licked it, "Of course not, special people taste even more delicious! Ga ga … "
After the demon general finished speaking, it threw Lin Geng aside and pounced on Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, Lin Geng stretched out his hand and a bright silver True Yuan shot out from his hand. The Nine Elements Diffraction Sword that was stuck in the ground was rolled back into his hand and stabbed towards the demon general. He knew that if he didn't get rid of this demon general, everyone would die, so he had to seize every opportunity.
However, the Fey General actually ignored Lin Geng's attack. It suddenly twisted its back and a few bronze spikes extended from its back, neutralizing Lin Geng's attack.
The demon general's demon aura was far from that of an ordinary demon. Even Lin Geng was helpless against it.
Luo Zheng stood on the spot with his eyes wide open and his face unprecedentedly cautious.
He knew that if he wasn't careful, he might die on the spot!
Just as the Daemon General rushed over, Luo Zheng gently tossed out the broken flying dagger. Then, he reached out and pulled, causing the broken flying dagger to circle in an arc and shoot towards the Daemon General.
However, the demon general's speed was far beyond Luo Zheng's estimation. It used a very strange speed to follow the broken flying dagger's trajectory and quickly avoided the flying dagger's attack!
Tricky!
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and more than a hundred dragon scales in his mind flashed with a green light at the same time. He fiercely punched the demon general's head with unparalleled power.
A turbulent power spread out from Luo Zheng's body. Only Luo Zheng, who had a Spiritual Tool Body, could bear this enormous power. If it was any other human, they would be crushed by their own power before they could use it.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng and the Daemon General clashed head-on.
The two pure forces clashed. It was as if they had the power to destroy the heavens and the earth. The huge force shook the surrounding stones into dust.
The Demon General's strength was not to be underestimated either. The tremendous counterforce sent Luo Zheng flying hundreds of feet away. Luo Zheng's body was forcefully thrown into the ground, creating a concave path. A pile of soil was piled up behind him.
Since Luo Zheng had become a Spiritual Tool, ordinary strength had long lost its effect on him. However, the demon general's punch made Luo Zheng feel incomparably comfortable. A warm current spread throughout his body and enveloped him in an extremely comfortable feeling.
According to the martial artist's path of cultivation, when an ordinary person entered the half-step Xiantian realm, they would begin to consolidate their foundation and cultivate their Yuan.
The so-called consolidation was to strengthen the dantian and increase the dantian's ability to bear the scouring of True Essence to a higher level.
As for Essence Cultivation, it naturally meant cultivating True Essence.
The warm current was generated from Luo Zheng's body. It flowed along the major meridians and slowly flowed into Luo Zheng's dantian. Luo Zheng felt as if there was a flame burning in his lower abdomen. He knew that this warm current should be helping Luo Zheng strengthen his dantian.
Luo Zheng was blasted dozens of feet away by this punch. The demon general's situation was similar. His whole body flew into the forest on the side of the valley. His hard body directly broke several huge spruce trees.
"Boom!"
These spruce trees, which had been growing for hundreds of years, slowly toppled and fell to the sides.
Although the demon race's body was not as strong as the demon race's, this demon general was, after all, a demon general. After climbing up from the ground, his face was slightly unsightly.
Although this demon general had seen through Luo Zheng's uniqueness at first glance, he hadn't expected Luo Zheng's strength to be so terrifying. Just now, in a pure competition of strength, that kid's strength was even 30% higher than his own.
The demon general slowly walked towards the valley. Along the way, the spruce trees that blocked his path were broken one by one, making loud noises. Endless demon energy soared into the sky, almost changing the color of the sky!
At this moment, the one who was the most shocked was Lin Geng.
Lin Geng was an expert among the Xiantian realm experts. He also believed that his strength was far inferior to that demon general.
When he saw Luo Zheng and the demon general collide head-on, he thought that Luo Zheng was dead for sure.
A half-step Xiantian kid was hit by a demon general's fist head-on. His entire body was probably going to collapse, right?
But the result of this punch didn't develop as he had imagined.
Luo Zheng and that demon general were both pushed back several tens of Zhang by a huge force!
Lin Geng couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had done it. But at this moment, he didn't think too much about it. After all, Luo Zheng's tyrannical and unparalleled strength gave him hope.
But then, he saw that demon general climb up and walk towards him as if nothing had happened. Then, he saw that Luo Zheng was lying motionless on the ground. The glimmer of hope that had just risen in his heart disappeared without a trace at this moment.
Lin Geng also thought that he had thought too much. If he had been hit by a demon general head-on, even he would have been seriously injured. How could he have climbed up?
What Lin Geng didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't climb up from the ground, not because he couldn't.
When his dantian had absorbed almost all of the warm current, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped up from the big pit. He moved his body a bit and pinched his entire neck.
This demon general's strength was admittedly tyrannical, but Luo Zheng's spirit-tool body was also incomparably hard. "Good strength! Again! "After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he also stepped forward to meet the demon general.
Luo Zheng naturally hoped that he could exchange a few blows with that demon general.
The warm current produced by the demon general's strength could quickly strengthen Luo Zheng's dantian, allowing him to cultivate true essence as soon as possible!
However, after the demon general exchanged a blow with Luo Zheng, he had already recognized Luo Zheng's strength. At this moment, the demon general's brown skin was surging with a raging demon aura. Two bronze barbs grew out of his arms in an instant.
The demon general roared. He bent his arms and pointed the two bone spurs at Luo Zheng. Then, he attacked Luo Zheng with both hands!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng stopped the power in his feet and suddenly slowed down his speed. He wanted to rely on this sudden stop to dodge the demon general's attack.
In fact, Luo Zheng's dodge was effective. The two bone spurs didn't hit their target. They just brushed past Luo Zheng's sides.
However, right at that moment, a cruel smile suddenly appeared on the Monstrous General's face. It opened its mouth, which was filled with sharp teeth, and suddenly let out a roar.
"Roar!"
From the demon general's chest, back, shoulders, and all over his body, more than a dozen bronze bone spurs suddenly shot out.
When Luo Zheng saw the demon general's strange smile, he knew something was wrong. Although his reaction was extremely fast, it was already too late. One of the bone spurs stabbed straight at Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Luo Zheng couldn't avoid the attack of the Bone Spur, he twisted his body in a weird way and forcibly avoided the fatal part of his body when the Bone Spur pierced into his chest.
"Puchi!"
Although this bone spur didn't pierce Luo Zheng's chest, it still directly pierced through Luo Zheng's shoulder.
Luo Zheng was pierced through by this bone spur. His feet didn't touch the ground, and he was suspended in midair …
The demon general let out a dry laugh. He stretched out a big bark-like hand and pinched Luo Zheng's legs. "A special human's flesh is even more delicious, haha …"
He actually wanted to forcibly tear Luo Zheng apart from the middle.
When the Xiao Yufeng disciples, who were doing their best to resist the other demon soldiers, saw this scene, their hearts quickly sank.
They all knew very well what it meant to run into a demon general.
As long as Lin Geng died, the others wouldn't be able to last more than one round against this demon general.
All the disciples of the Xiao Yufeng would be dismembered and eaten by these demons.
Just now, when Luo Zheng and the demon general clashed head-on, everyone was shocked, but at the same time, they all had a glimmer of hope.
But this hope was shattered so quickly …
At this moment, a strange smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
The intelligence of the demon race wasn't lower than that of humans. When they saw Luo Zheng's smile, they became a little suspicious. But this time, this little guy was completely under his control, and there was no hope for him to turn the tables. He was just about to use all his strength to tear Luo Zheng in two.
"Swish —"
From the side of the demon general, that broken throwing knife shot at him from a very tricky angle.
Before Luo Zheng was pierced by the bone spur, Luo Zheng threw the broken throwing knife out, then secretly pulled it back and shot it back at the demon general.
"Hmm?"
The demon general's reaction speed was extremely fast. He instantly discovered that throwing knife. He was just about to twist his body and use the spikes on his body to block that throwing knife.
But at the same time, a pale yellow light condensed between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. The light turned into a sharp spike and fiercely pierced towards the demon general's head.
"Ga ga ga!"
The demon general that was pierced by Luo Zheng's Spirit Spike let out an extremely painful roar. His soul was seriously injured by Luo Zheng's "Soul-Shaking Spike", so he had no time to deal with that broken throwing knife for a moment.
"Slash!"
The broken throwing knife directly slashed across the demon general's chest. At the same time, Luo Zheng's hands hugged that bronze bone spur. More than a hundred dragon scales in his mind instantly lit up, and a tremendous force was transmitted from his body.
"Crack!"
This bone spur was forcibly broken by Luo Zheng just like that.
The moment Luo Zheng broke the bone spur, he pulled the bone spur out of his shoulder. Taking advantage of the fact that the demon general's mind had not completely recovered, he reversed the bone spur's tip and fiercely stabbed it into the demon general's head!
"Ga ga ga ga …"
The demon general struggled in pain, holding his head and rolling on the ground.
Luo Zheng's state of mind was not affected at all. With a light clasp of his thumb, the broken throwing knife flew back to his hand. He jumped on the demon general's body, held the broken throwing knife in his hand, and madly cut at the demon general!