With the sharpness of the broken Flying Dagger, there was almost nothing in the world that could block its blade.
Every blade could leave a destructive wound on the Demon General's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was like the most barbaric butcher, desperately waving his Flying Dagger and dismembering the Demon General in a frenzy.
It was said that the Demon Clan's vitality was extremely tenacious. No matter how serious the injury, they could recover in a short period of time.
"Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!"
"I'll kill you while you're sick!"
Since Luo Zheng had succeeded in one move, he would not give the Demon General any chance to revive.
Only when the Demon General's head, arms, and body had been cut into pieces of flesh and blood did Luo Zheng stop and gasp for breath.
The Demon General had been cut into pieces by Luo Zheng. Obviously, he was dead, and there was absolutely no possibility of recovery.
Seeing this, the surrounding Demon Soldiers retreated and fled in all directions.
Luo Zheng's body was stained with Demon Blood. His whole body was like that of a Demon Clan, emitting a strong killing intent.
Xiao Yufeng's disciples stared blankly at Luo Zheng with a trace of fear in their eyes.
This fear was not because of the remaining Demon Aura on Luo Zheng's body, but because Luo Zheng's performance just now was too frightening. He was like a crazy demon god!
Although Luo Zheng was only a half-step Xiantian, the Demon Aura emitted from his body made those Xiantian lifeforms feel fear!
Lin Geng sheathed his sword and slowly walked over. He glanced at the wound on Luo Zheng's shoulder, then took out a small bottle from his waist. He took out a pill from the bottle and threw it to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he said, "This is the Muscle Growing Pill from the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion. Catch it."
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He took the pill and stuffed it into his mouth.
Although this Muscle Growing Pill was not as good as the Red Cloud Pill given to him by Instructor Su, it was still a very expensive pill for Inner Sect disciples.
Previously, when Luo Zheng had just walked down from the giant Flying Chariot, Lin Geng and the others had been mocking Luo Zheng. But now, they were saved by Luo Zheng.
Lin Geng was willing to take out the Muscle Growing Pill because he felt a little apologetic.
The disciple surnamed Qiu and a few other inner disciples walked over to the corpses of the demon soldiers and reached out to pluck a gray bead from the corpses.
"Yao core!"
Seeing the gray bead, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
The bodies of demons and humans were completely different. The power of humans came from their Dantian, while the power of demons came from their Dantian.
The assessment for this mission was based on the number of Monster Cores collected. Therefore, even though they had lost two people, they didn't forget to collect these Monster Cores.
The disciple surnamed Qiu silently collected the Monster Cores, and obediently handed four of them over to Luo Zheng.
These four Monster Cores had been killed by Luo Zheng.
The disciple surnamed Qiu had seen Luo Zheng's true strength and naturally didn't dare to have the slightest bit of greed.
Lin Geng raised his sword and stabbed the chest of the demon general on the ground. He also plucked out a Monster Core from the chest.
This demon general's Monster Core was one size larger than that of an ordinary demon soldier. Lin Geng said, "Brother Luo Zheng, this is the demon general's Monster Core. Take it!"
Luo Zheng put away the demon general's Monster Core and the four demon soldiers' Monster Cores into his sumeru ring.
If he could obtain first place in this mission, in addition to the mid-grade spirit weapon, he could also obtain a considerable amount of points.
Although the inner disciples of the 33 peaks, especially the Lone Sky Peak and Black Rock Peak, were quite strong, Luo Zheng wouldn't give up the opportunity to compete.
After this battle, Xiao Yufeng had lost two people, an outer disciple and an inner disciple.
"Sigh, it's just a pity that Xu Heng and Yang Hu were swallowed alive by that demon soldier," an inner disciple said in a muffled voice.
Lin Geng shook his head. "In the past, when we participated in demon-slaying missions, there were also people who encountered demon generals. That time, the demon-slaying mission ended miserably. A total of 120 disciples from 12 peaks died at the demon general's hands. This time, if it weren't for Brother Luo Zheng, none of us would have survived."
Encountering the attack of a demon general and several dozen demon soldiers, eight out of ten people were lucky enough to survive. This was already a great fortune amidst misfortune.
Hao Shige's attitude towards Luo Zheng was already very different.
With Hao Shige's intelligence, he thought he could clearly see through the various states of the human world and understand how enchanting the world was. There was always a mountain higher than the other. However, the arrogance in his bones was indeed difficult to erase.
However, participating in this demon-slaying mission had indeed taught him a hard lesson, making him clearly understand his own position.
This could also be considered a kind of tempering, a tempering of the mind.
After cleaning up the mess, the remaining eight people continued on their journey.
At this time, the mentality of Xiao Yufeng's disciples had already changed.
In the past, those inner sect disciples all regarded the outer sect disciples as burdens and burdens.
But now, everyone already understood that the true leader of this team was Luo Zheng.
Even Lin Geng himself thought so.
They slowly shuttled through the Canopy Forest. Until the sun set and night came, they didn't encounter any more demons.
"Demon beasts will appear at night. I think it's better for everyone to find a place to rest," Lin Geng suggested as he walked to the side of the team.
Luo Zheng nodded. "It's indeed not suitable to wander around at night."
"There's a fire ahead!" Guo Zirao suddenly shouted at this time.
Everyone looked ahead. In the distance, there was indeed a bonfire burning fiercely.
If there was a bonfire, it meant there were humans. They should be disciples from other peaks.
This demon-slaying mission involved a demon general. Naturally, everyone didn't dare to be careless. If they were together with disciples from other peaks and looked after each other, their safety would also be guaranteed.
Therefore, everyone walked towards the bonfire.
Unexpectedly, just as they approached the bonfire, they heard a burst of dense mechanical sounds.
"Tut tut tut …"
Silver needles, like rain, shot towards Lin Geng, who was standing at the front.
"Pearflower Storm Needles!"
Lin Geng's face suddenly changed. At this moment, it was too late to dodge. He could only unsheathe his sword and brandish it, creating a silver-white sword flower that wrapped around himself. But Lin Geng was clear that there were gaps in his sword flower. The Pearflower Storm Needles were so numerous that it was like a rainstorm falling from the sky. He couldn't block every single one of them.
And each of these Pearflower Needles was highly toxic. As long as he was pierced by one of them, he wouldn't be able to survive for long.
At this moment, only a figure casually floated by and stood in front of Lin Geng.
That person was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He completely blocked Lin Geng behind him, letting these Pearflower Needles shoot at him like raindrops.
In a short while, Luo Zheng's body was densely covered with Pearflower Needles. It looked very terrifying.
Seeing this, Lin Geng stammered, "Brother, Luo Zheng, are you all right?"
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and brushed off all the Pearflower Needles on his body. He said with a smile, "Don't worry, I'm all right. It's just some embroidery needles. They can't hurt me."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Lin Geng, Xiao Yufeng and the others were speechless.
The Pearflower Storm Needles were one of the most famous concealed weapons of the Divine Needle Family. Because they were extremely fast and numerous, it was often impossible to dodge them.
Moreover, these Pearflower Needles were extremely fine. They could easily penetrate the vital energy of a Xiantian lifeform and pierce into the skin, releasing the poison on the tip. It was impossible to guard against them.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to have any reaction to the Pearflower Storm Needles …
When Lin Geng, the disciple surnamed Qiu, Hao Shige and the others saw Luo Zheng's carefree appearance, they couldn't help but think of one word at the same time: monster.
Indeed, Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to that of a demon general. Moreover, he wasn't at a disadvantage. Now, he was invulnerable to poison and completely ignored the Pearflower Storm Needles. He was a living monster!
After brushing off all the Pearflower Needles on his body, Luo Zheng continued to open the path in front of him, walking towards the bonfire.
Before Luo Zheng could get close, he heard a feminine voice, "Stop!"
＝＝＝＝＝