Luo Zheng faced the light emitted by the bonfire and raised his head to look. He saw dozens of female disciples standing on the broad branches of the spruce tree.
The female disciple in the lead held her long sword horizontally. Her expression was very nervous. She loudly shouted at Luo Zheng: "Don't go any further. Which mountain are you disciples from?"
Luo Zheng raised his head and replied: "We are Xiao Yufeng's disciples!"
In the entire Blue Cloud Sect, there was only one mountain peak with female disciples. These ten female disciples were definitely from Jade Maiden Peak.
Ever since Luo Yan appeared in Jade Maiden Peak, the strength of the entire mountain had increased by a lot. Although Luo Yan was currently trapped, Jade Maiden Peak's strength had always been hovering around the middle.
In any case, they were much stronger than Xiao Yufeng, who was ranked last.
Jade Maiden Peak was probably the most popular mountain peak among the 33 peaks of Blue Cloud Sect. This was because only Jade Maiden Peak had female disciples. If one wanted to find a partner, Jade Maiden Peak was the best choice.
The female disciple standing on the tree was called Zhu Qianning. As a descendant of the Spirit Needle Family Zhu and an inner disciple of Jade Maiden Peak, she was a core member of this Demon Slaying Trial.
"Xiao Yufeng? You guys stand there and don't use it! "Zhu Qianning warned again. She held a small jade box in her hand and faced Luo Zheng and the others.
Although Zhu Qianning was very surprised that the Torrential Pear Blossom Needles had no effect on Luo Zheng, as a descendant of the Family Zhu, she still had several powerful mechanisms in her hands.
For example, the small jade box in her hand was called "Frightening Dragon". Although it didn't look amazing, Zhu Qianning knew that once it was activated, the power it would release was almost equal to the full power attack of a Divine Realm expert!
Luo Zheng probably also felt the power contained in the small jade box and very obediently stopped his steps.
Soon after, Zhu Qianning handed the jade box to another female disciple of Jade Maiden Peak. She then jumped down from the tall tree.
Jumping down from a height of several zhang, her jet-black hair was a mess. Fortunately, her body was light and she steadily stepped on the ground in the forest. She used her hand to comb her hair before cautiously walking towards Luo Zheng.
Only when she got closer did Luo Zheng clearly see this girl's appearance. This girl's skin was whiter than snow. She was bright and beautiful with white teeth.. Although her figure was petite, it was extremely well-proportioned........... under the light of the bonfire, it added a hazy color.....
"Don't move!" Zhu Qianning raised her beautiful eyebrows and warned, "My Junior Sister's courage is even smaller than mine. If you move even a little bit and scare her, she will activate Frightening Dragon and all of you will die!"
Hearing the two words "Frightening Dragon", Lin Geng and Xiao Yufeng's faces suddenly changed. They were in the Blue Cloud Sect and were more familiar with the situation of the eight noble families than Luo Zheng. Naturally, they had heard of this powerful mechanism called "Frightening Dragon". This "Frightening Dragon" was said to be able to instantly kill all Xiantian lifeforms. Even Xiantian Stage Nine or Stage Ten would have no chance of survival after being hit by the "Frightening Dragon".
"Since you can carry Frightening Dragon with you, then you should be a member of the Divine Needle Family Zhu?" Lin Geng suddenly asked.
Who knew that after hearing Lin Geng's words, Zhu Qianning's face darkened. "I didn't ask you to speak. Don't speak!"
Looking at Zhu Qianning's appearance, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Who knew that Zhu Qianning's face became even colder. "I didn't ask you to smile, so you can't smile!"
Therefore, Luo Zheng quickly withdrew his smile and stared at Zhu Qianning with a very innocent look.
Luo Zheng's artificial expression eased the tense atmosphere a lot. On the contrary, Zhu Qianning burst into laughter. Then, she waved her lily-white hand and a jade needle suddenly appeared.
She held the jade needle in her hand and waved it in front of Luo Zheng. Then, she carefully examined the color of the jade needle. Then, she walked towards Lin Geng and waved the jade needle in front of him. Xiao Yufeng had a total of eight people. She waved the jade needle in front of them one by one.
In the end, Zhu Qianning let out a sigh of relief. Her expression also relaxed a lot. She said to Luo Zheng and the others, "Okay, now I've ruled out the possibility that there are demon soldiers among you!"
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "You can tell by using this jade needle?"
Zhu Qianning faintly smiled. "This is our Family Zhu's Demon Breaking Needle. It's very sensitive to demon aura. If one of you was eaten by a demon and draped in human skin, no matter how hard you tried to hide it, you would still emit traces of demon aura. When this Demon Breaking Needle comes into contact with the demon aura, it will turn from green to red."
Luo Zheng nodded. Sure enough, each of the Eight Major Aristocratic Families had their own strengths. The Family Zhu was good at concealed weapons and all kinds of skills, so they could make such a clever thing.
Zhu Qianning immediately turned around and shouted, "Junior Sisters, you can come down. There are no demons among them."
Hearing Zhu Qianning's words, the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak who were hiding in the trees jumped down and surrounded the bonfire.
Everyone gathered around the bonfire and sat down on the ground. Luo Zheng asked again, "You're all so cautious. Did you also encounter a demon attack before?"
When Luo Zheng asked this question, the expressions of the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak dimmed. From the looks of it, they had already answered Luo Zheng's question.
Zhu Qianning nodded. Her eyes seemed to flicker with tears. "I originally thought that participating in the Demon Slaying Trials this time wouldn't be too dangerous. Moreover, we had Qi Fei, Senior Brother Long Yan and the others to protect us. Who would have thought …"
There were demon-slaying missions every year, and they were held every year.
The human race and the demon race could be considered as mortal enemies. Even though for so many years, due to the existence of the Burning Heaven Palace and the Blue Cloud Sect, the demon race had not taken even half a step into the Burning Heaven Empire.
However, in order to train the inner disciples, it was necessary to train them so that when fighting against the demon race, they would not be suppressed by the demon race and would be able to display their own strength.
The Demon Slaying Trials in Cang Qiong Forest required them to directly face the demon race. Their lives could be in danger at any time. It did sound very frightening.
However, in reality, there were very few cases of disciples dying in the Demon Slaying Trials every year. The reason was that in Cang Qiong Forest, only the demon race would appear to serve the disciples. And the so-called demon race serving the disciples were demon soldiers scouting the path.
The strength of the demon soldiers was not strong. At least, the inner disciples who were able to pass the selection and enter Cang Qiong Forest all had the strength to fight against them.
And this time, Jade Maiden Peak's participation in the mission was allied with the inner disciples of Black Rock Peak.
The so-called alliance was actually Black Rock Peak's willingness to protect the many female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak.
Black Rock Peak was ranked second among the Green Cloud Peak's thirty-three peaks. Even if the disciples participating in the Demon Slaying Trials were not the strongest disciples of Black Rock Peak, their strength was already very strong. For example, although Qi Fei and Long Yan were not on the Green Cloud Ranking, they were already quite famous in the Blue Cloud Sect. Their strength was evident.
However, when they were exploring Cang Qiong Forest, a demon general mixed in with them.
"You also had a demon general mixed in?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
Zhu Qianning nodded and said with a sorrowful face: "Yes, that demon general ate a disciple of Black Rock Peak and hid in his body. Later, under a sneak attack, he killed Qi Fei. Long Yan led a group of Black Rock Peak's disciples to fight and protect our Jade Maiden Peak's disciples to escape, but they … …"
Speaking up to here, several female disciples lowered their heads and tears faintly flickered in their eyes.
Facing a demon general, they were afraid that they would have already met with disaster.
This time, the strongest inner disciples participating in the Demon Slaying Trials were at Xiantian stage four or five. They were completely no match for a demon general.
Black Rock Peak was able to protect the Jade Maiden Peak's disciples to escape under such circumstances. They were indeed very brave!
At this moment, the atmosphere suddenly became silent. Everyone was lost in thought as they looked at the gently swaying flames.
"Don't worry, this time, I will protect you!" Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and broke the sad atmosphere.
When Luo Zheng said this, the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak showed a strange expression and stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
If this sentence was said by Lin Geng of Xiao Yufeng, they would not find it strange.
However, Luo Zheng was a half-step Xiantian. His strength did not seem to be outstanding among Xiao Yufeng's disciples. Although they understood Luo Zheng's intention, they knew that he was just comforting them.
Lin Geng saw this and smiled bitterly, "We also encountered a demon general. In the end, we relied on Luo Zheng to kill him. If it were not for him, our Xiao Yufeng's disciples would have been wiped out."
When the female disciples heard Lin Geng's words, their faces showed an expression of disbelief.
Zhu Qianning's beautiful eyes looked at Luo Zheng and smiled. She shook her head and said: "I don't believe it!"
"Sister Qianning, I don't believe it either!" Another female disciple said.
Lin Geng still smiled bitterly. If he did not see it with his own eyes, he would also not believe it if someone told him that a half-step Xiantian martial artist killed a demon general with his own hands.
However, the truth was the truth. Even if the female disciples did not believe it, it was the truth.
Luo Zheng did not deny or admit it. The reason why he said this was to liven up the atmosphere.
As the saying goes, a defeated army is bound to be defeated. People should never lose their courage at any time. As Luo Zheng saw it, Zhu Qianning probably had more than one powerful hidden weapon for self-defense. If she did not have enough courage, she would have had a chance to fight the demon general.
The night was getting darker and darker. The dense spruce tree crown covered the faint moonlight. The entire Cang Qiong Forest fell into darkness. Except for a pile of fire, it was almost impossible to see the surrounding things.
Occasionally, a large demon beast would pass by not far away, making rustling sounds.
Zhu Qianning and the female disciples, after experiencing the encounter during the day, were now very sleepy. They leaned on each other and fell into a deep sleep.
Xiao Yufeng's disciples took turns to keep watch and take turns to rest.
This night, time seemed to pass very slowly. The sentries were always on tenterhooks, but those who were resting also could not sleep well. From time to time, some people would wake up from nightmares.
In this kind of torment, the sky finally brightened. This night, it was peaceful.
Luo Zheng did not sleep this night. His soul had stepped into a realm that ordinary people could not compare to. Even if he did not rest for several days and nights, Luo Zheng's spirit was still full.
He meditated the whole night, comprehending the second move of the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》, 《Ten Thousand Demons Surge》.