Although the sky had brightened, the crisis was still there.
If there were only demon soldiers in the Cang Qiong Forest, then the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples would use the forest as a hunting ground. The inner sect disciples could easily hunt down those weak demon soldiers.
But now that a Demon General had appeared in the Canopy Forest, all of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were the Demon General's prey!
Yesterday, not only did Luo Zheng and the others encounter Demon Generals, but the disciples of Jade Maiden Peak also encountered Demon Generals. This showed that there were many Demon Generals in the entire Canopy Forest.
In the past, demon generals rarely appeared in the entire Cang Qiong Forest.
This time around, there were actually so many Demon Generals. What was the reason?
The disciples couldn't understand. After all, White Emperor City was like an impregnable fortress that stood firmly in front of the Asura battlefield. How could it have allowed these Demonic Generals to sneak in?
Could there be a problem with White Emperor City?
They were full of questions, but they couldn't get an answer. It became a stone that weighed down on the hearts of all the Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
After the rays of sunlight penetrated through the leaves and lit up the entire forest, the group extinguished the bonfire and continued their journey.
Although everyone was very worried, no one chose to give up. Moreover, even if they wanted to give up, they would have to turn back the way they came. Who could guarantee that they would not encounter the Demon Clan on the way back?
Xiao Yufeng and the disciples of Jade Maiden Peak continued to advance along the predetermined path.
Because of yesterday's lesson, everyone was much more cautious today. In order to prevent the Demon General from eating them, they put on human skin and hid in the group. Everyone moved in groups of four. At the same time, every hour, Zhu Qianning would wave the Demon Breaking Needle in front of everyone.
After walking like this for two hours, they suddenly heard a shout coming from the front.
Then, there was a series of explosions.
"There's a fight ahead!" Lin Geng's expression changed as he unsheathed his sword.
Many disciples held their weapons in their hands at the same time. At the same time, the men and women divided into two groups and walked forward quickly.
Sure enough, in the forest ahead, there were disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect engaged in a fierce battle with the Demon Clan. For a time, the Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan's Demonic Beast Clan
In that battle, the most dazzling person was a young man holding a pair of black and white swords.
In the man's hands, one was black and one was white. Two simple swords were incomparably sharp in his hands. Strands of true essence were attached to the two swords, turning into layers of sword light that shot out in all directions. Facing a Demon General head on, he was actually not at a disadvantage!
"Ah, that's Zhu Tianlai! It's Lone Sky Summit's Senior Brother Zhu! "Zhu Qianning said softly.
Luo Zheng discovered the young man from afar. This inner disciple named Zhu Tianlai was indeed quite strong. Relying on the strength of Xiantian fifth stage, he was actually able to confront a demon general head-on!
There was a reason why Lone Sky Peak was able to surpass the Blue Cloud Sect and become the leader of the thirty-three peaks.
Under normal circumstances, the Demon-Slaying Trial would not send the top inner disciples of their mountain peaks. However, Zhu Tianlai was actually able to deal with a Demon General alone.
But Lone Sky Peak's situation was not much better either.
Because Lone Sky Peak was facing two Demon Generals and dozens of Demon Soldiers.
Aside from Zhu Tianlai confronting a Demon General alone, there were three other inner disciples who were using all their strength to pin down another Demon General. However, those three inner disciples were barely able to face that Demon General. At this moment, they were already surrounded by danger. As long as that Demon General killed any one of the inner disciples, then the scales of victory and defeat would tilt.
"Let's go help!" After Lin Geng finished speaking, the treasured sword in his hand flickered with silver light as he pointed it at a Demon Soldier.
Jade Maiden Peak's disciples and Xiao Yufeng's disciples all rushed towards the surrounding Demon Soldiers.
If it was in the past, the disciples of each mountain peak would not interfere with each other in the Demon-Slaying Trial because the danger was not great.
But now that they were facing a crisis, everyone could only huddle together for warmth. Only in this way would they have a chance to survive.
Although Xiao Yufeng and Jade Maiden Peak's disciples had joined the battle, there was not much change to the battle situation because they did not dare to participate in the battle between Demon Generals.
The Demon General's strength was too terrifying. If one's own strength was insufficient and rashly participated, then one would be killed by the Demon General.
At this moment, only one person was charging towards the Demon General. That person was Luo Zheng.
The three inner disciples of Lone Sky Peak were all at Xiantian stage four.
These three people seemed to have come from the same origin. They formed a triangular formation, each standing on their own position, forming an exceptionally ingenious battle formation. Only then did they barely manage to block the Demon General's attack.
No matter how crazily the Demon General attacked, the three people were always able to find an ingenious angle to neutralize the Demon General's attack.
Theoretically speaking, if the three people cooperated closely, then they would be able to display three times their strength, which would be enough to contend against the Demon General.
However, the battle formation formed by the three people still had a flaw in the end.
Because it was impossible for the three of them to cooperate without any mistakes. As long as any one of the three people made the slightest mistake or took a wrong step, then the Demon General would certainly seize the opportunity to kill one of them. The other two people's lives would also be in danger.
After a series of nerve-wracking changes, a flaw finally appeared in the battle formation of the three people.
One of them was very nervous under the pressure of the Demon General's enormous Demon Aura, so he took a wrong step and pulled too far away from the other two people. By the time he realized it and wanted to save him, it was already too late.
The Demon General let out a loud roar, stretched out its yellowish-brown palm, and grabbed towards one of the three inner disciples.
That person already understood that there was a problem with the battle formation of the three people. Seeing the sharp claws close at hand, his face turned ashen. Other than closing his eyes and waiting for death, he seemed to have no other choice … …
Although everyone was doing their best to resist the Demon Soldier, the majority of people's attention was focused on this side. They all understood that these two Demon Generals were the key to the battle situation. At this moment, seeing the Lone Sky Peak's Iron Triangle Formation being broken by the Demon General, everyone's heart quickly sank.
It was over. The Lone Sky Peak's Iron Triangle Formation had been defeated. Zhu Tianlai had been dealt with by the two Demon Generals. It wouldn't be long before the remaining people … … would all die.
Many people were already calculating whether they should escape at this critical moment. If they could escape, then it would be better!
However, right at that moment, a figure rushed toward the Monstrous General at an extremely fast speed.
That person rushed to the front of the Demon General. His speed didn't decrease in the slightest, and he actually forcefully crashed into the Demon General!
If a human's body was said to be made of flesh and blood, then the Demon Clan's body would be made of steel!
Under such a violent collision, wasn't it equivalent to an egg hitting a rock? Was he seeking death?
Most people thought so.
Only Xiao Yufeng's Lin Geng, Hao Shige, and the rest understood how abnormal Luo Zheng's body was.
"Ah, Senior Zhu, look at that Luo Zheng. Does he not want to live anymore?" A female disciple from Jade Maiden Peak shouted.
When Zhu Qianning saw Luo Zheng charging over without any regard for his life, her expression was unusually complicated. Although she didn't believe that Luo Zheng could actually kill a Demon General with his Half-step to Xiantian strength, how much courage did he need to dare to charge towards a Demon General so bravely under such circumstances?
This young man was definitely a very brave person!
That Demon General had focused all its attention on the three people in front of it. Now that a person suddenly charged out from the side, it glanced at the person from the corner of its eyes. A hint of mockery flashed in those unique ugly eyes of the Demon Clan.
He wasn't even a Xiantian lifeform. Was this human brat courting death by charging at him like this?
Whether it was a Demon or a human, they all felt that Luo Zheng was courting death.
But when Luo Zheng's body, which was much shorter than the Demon Clan, collided with the Demon General's body, a strange scene occurred.
"Bang!"
A muffled sound was heard.
That Demon General's body, which was close to the height of three people, was forcefully sent flying by Luo Zheng. It broke a dozen spruce trees beside it before it came to a stop.