The Demon Clan's emotional expression was different from that of humans.
But at this moment, the other Demon General who was fighting fiercely with Zhu Tianlai had obviously slowed down. His ugly eyes were staring at Luo Zheng, and his eyes were constantly shaking.
Shaking the eyes was the Demon Clan's way of expressing shock.
At this moment, it should be a good opportunity for Zhu Tianlai to attack.
But Zhu Tianlai, who was holding the black and white swords and attacking fiercely, actually let go of an opportunity to attack. He looked at Luo Zheng with the same shocked eyes.
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed that a half-step Xiantian boy could knock a Demon General away with brute force.
Zhu Tianlai was also very anxious. Although he could rely on the black and white swords and his secret technique to ensure that he wouldn't be defeated by a Demon General, he was very clear about the strength of his three Junior Brothers from Tianyi Peak. Their battle formation couldn't hold on for long, and once the three of them were defeated, he wouldn't be able to resist the two Demon Generals.
It was just that Zhu Tianlai never expected that a half-step Xiantian warrior would appear halfway. Looking at that guy's clothes, he was actually wearing a white robe. Was he an outer disciple?
It was this white-robed man who, under the violent impact, had actually knocked the Demon General several feet away!
This sudden attack surprised Zhu Tianlai, but at the same time, he saw hope. The black and white swords in his hands attacked the Demon General even more fiercely.
Zhu Qianning gently covered her small mouth with her hand and stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who was in a cloud of dust.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aura was completely different from before. The aura he exuded was abnormally confident and domineering, with a kind of spirit that said, "Who else but me can do it?"
Although she and Luo Zheng had only known each other for a short time, for some reason, that aura made her heart beat extremely fast!
At this moment, only Xiao Yufeng's disciples were slightly calm, because they had already seen Luo Zheng's brute force and his strange attack methods.
"Roar!"
After being hit by Luo Zheng's attack, the Demon General was sent flying several meters away. With a howl, it crawled up from the ground.
With a furious roar, a crazy demonic aura immediately spread out. Within the demonic aura, there was boundless anger. Anyone could feel that the Monster General was truly furious.
The Demon General also understood that Luo Zheng was special. However, the enraged Demon General was only thinking about how to tear Luo Zheng to shreds.
Through their last exchange, Luo Zheng had already understood the strength and weaknesses of the Demon Generals.
Compared to humans, Fey Soldiers' attacks were more simplistic. They mostly relied on pure strength and the collision of their bodies. It was the same for Fey Generals. However, Fey Generals could use the bone spikes in their bodies to launch a sudden attack. The toughness of the bone spikes was comparable to a spiritual weapon! Moreover, when it pierced out from the body, it would often catch people off guard.
In terms of pure physical strength, Luo Zheng was the least afraid!
Facing the enraged Demon General, Luo Zheng spread out his hands. The Heavenly Devil True Qi stored in his dantian slowly flowed along his meridians.
Luo Zheng clenched his fist and pushed it forward, pointing it directly at the Demon General who was madly charging over. His eyes were filled with calmness.
"Get out of the way!"
"Be careful of the Demon General's bone spikes!"
Someone warned.
Even though Luo Zheng's terrifying impact just now had knocked away the Demon General who was caught off guard.
However, many people still stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng's strength was not enough to deal with the Demon General.
Humans were used to comparing their strength to others.
For example, the person who warned Luo Zheng was already a Xiantian lifeform. However, thinking back to when he was a half-step Xiantian lifeform, he was afraid that he would not be able to last more than one round against this Demon General.
These people's warnings were also out of goodwill. Luo Zheng had no time to be distracted. He could only stare at the Demon General who was charging towards him without any distractions.
Four bone spikes had already protruded from the Demon General's shoulder. When Luo Zheng was still a few meters away, the four bone spikes rapidly pierced out from its body, ruthlessly stabbing towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng lowered his body, retreated, dodged, turned around, and circled around to the side. His movements were coherent and smooth. He was already close to the Demon General's side, and his fist was aimed at the Demon General's ribs.
"Demon Moves the World!"
Luo Zheng's movements looked extremely nimble, but in fact, every movement and every detail had been carefully calculated by him. He strived to not make the slightest mistake.
Compared to the Demon General's huge body, Luo Zheng's fist was pitifully small.
However, just as Luo Zheng's fist was about to hit the Demon General's body, a huge purple-black fist shadow appeared and drilled into the Demon General's body at an extremely fast speed.
The speed at which that fist shadow appeared was extremely fast, and the speed at which it disappeared was similarly extremely fast. Almost no one noticed it.
Everyone only saw Luo Zheng's light fist, but they didn't know just how terrifying of a power this fist carried.
"Pu!"
A light muffled sound could be heard from that Demon General's body.
That Demon General suddenly backed up, his steps a bit staggering, swaying back and forth as if he was drunk.
When he saw this Demon General's current appearance, Luo Zheng was also greatly shocked.
Up until now, Luo Zheng had only used the Demonic God Fist against a single enemy, and that was precisely Purgatory Mountain's Wang Yanmiao.
However, that time, Luo Zheng's' Demon Moves the World 'was easily stopped by Wang Yanmiao, neutralized by Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers one after another.
It was also precisely because of that fist that Luo Zheng was able to survive under Wang Yanmiao's tremendous pressure.
That was why Luo Zheng couldn't predict just how powerful this Demonic God Fist truly was.
The Fey General kept retreating in extreme pain. When he raised his hand, the brownish-yellow arm fell from his body. From the wound on the arm, purplish-black Yuan Qi constantly emitted. The flesh and blood in the arm had been completely devoured by the Heavenly Devil True Energy!
At the same time, within the Demon General's chest, waves of Demonic True Energy also surged. All of the flesh within this Demon General's body was already 'eaten' by the Demonic True Energy.
This Demon General's state of death was extremely miserable. Luo Zheng didn't expect this Demonic True Energy to be so tyrannical either. Only when all of the flesh was completely devoured, when that Demon General was completely eaten, did the purple-black Demonic True Energy gradually scatter between heaven and earth …
The Blue Cloud Sect disciples here were all martial artists, more than half of them Xiantian lifeforms, so they were naturally extremely familiar with true energy and true essence.
However, none of them had ever seen such tyrannical true energy. It was actually able to infiltrate another's body and devour their flesh and blood!
Although Luo Zheng understood that the Demonic True Energy seemed to have the property of 'devouring', this Demonic True Energy seemed to have only devoured the lotus formed by Wang Yanmiao's true energy, as well as the 'Purple Sandalwood True Energy' in Luo Zheng's dantian. He didn't expect that the Demonic True Energy could actually devour the flesh and blood of a Demon …
Therefore, when Luo Zheng saw that his attack had caused such terrifying damage, he was also extremely shocked.
Demons were different from saber insects.
Most blade insects didn't have intelligence. Even the leader of the blade insects was controlled by the Blade Insect Queen. If the Blade Insect Queen ordered them to die or commit suicide, those blade insects wouldn't resist at all.
However, even the lowest level of the Demon Race had their own consciousness and intelligence. Like humans, they could feel fear and dread.
The Demon General that was currently fighting with the Lone Sky Peak disciple, Zhu Tianlai, saw that his companion had died tragically, and that he was continuously entangled with this brat wielding black and white swords in front of him. After attacking for a long time without success, the Demon General began to have thoughts of retreating.
However, the situation was often like this.
In the beginning, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were fearful. None of them dared to charge at the Demon General and throw their lives away. However, when they saw that Luo Zheng had killed a Demon General in such a short period of time, their morale was greatly boosted. They all surrounded the Demon General.
The Demon General feinted and forced Zhu Tianlai to retreat. Then, he immediately tried to escape.
"Whoosh!" A dazzling silver sword beam shot over. It was Lin Geng's attack. He wanted to block the Demon General's escape route.
However, how strong was the Demon General's body? It completely ignored Lin Geng's sword beam and allowed the silver light to cut its body. It only left a few shallow cuts on its skin. It didn't get in the way at all.
Apart from Lin Geng, the other inner sect disciples also took action. However, none of them could stop the Demon General from escaping.
At this moment, everyone felt their eardrums tremble. Immediately, a buzzing sound was heard. It was extremely uncomfortable in their ears.
Everyone looked towards the source of the strange sound and saw Zhu Qianning holding a jade box. That jade box was one of the Family Zhu's ultimate weapons: Frightening Dragon.
She had already activated "Frightening Dragon".
The moment "Frightening Dragon" was activated, a strong flow of energy was activated. The jade box in her hand began to glow and heat up. In the blink of an eye, a burning dragon-shaped vital essence rushed out of the jade box.
Only those in the Illuminating Spirit Realm could burn their True Yuan to obtain more power.
Luo Zheng looked at the giant dragon that was constantly burning with true essence, and couldn't help but sigh in his heart. The Zhu Family's level of concealed weapons was so high, they could really create a strike that was comparable to the full power of a Divine Reflection Stage powerhouse!
The power of "Frightening Dragon" was unparalleled. It could kill any Connate lifeform below the Divine Reflection Realm.
After the crazily flying dragon rushed out of the jade box, it rushed forward. Judging by its power, it seemed to want to turn everything that dared to block its path into dust.
Seeing this, the Demon General jumped in fright. It was one thing for a Half-step to Inborn fella to kill his Demon General comrade, but now, the Demon General had been killed.
However, the attack released by the little girl in front of it made it even more fearful!
The Demon General sighed inwardly. Was it just bad luck, or had humans improved to such a level? Why were these juniors so difficult to deal with?
In the nick of time, the Daemon General rolled on the ground in a sorry state to avoid the direct impact of the dragon. However, a portion of the dragon still managed to hit the Daemon General, severely injuring his left arm.
"This little girl seems to be using some kind of hidden weapon. Her strength isn't that high." Thinking of this, the Demon General got up from the ground and rushed towards Zhu Qianning.
"Unfortunately … Zhu Qianning isn't a Divine Reflection Realm master. Otherwise, with this attack, she would definitely be able to severely injure the Demon General … What does that Demon General want to do!" Luo Zheng was still sighing, but when he saw the Daemon General rushing towards Zhu Qianning, he was the first to react. He took a step forward and rushed forward.
＝＝＝＝＝