Right now, the three individuals who reacted the fastest were respectively Luo Zheng, Zhu Tianlai, and Lin Geng.
However, the difference in speed between the three of them and the Fiend General was too great.
When that Fiend General approached Zhu Qianning, it reached out its arm, grabbing Zhu Qianning under its ribs, and then began to run.
Zhu Qianning didn't expect that when she used 'Terror Dragon' to attack that Fiend General, she would instead be captured by that Fiend General. An expression of alarm and uneasiness appeared on her face, at the same time frantically struggling.
Unfortunately, the difference in strength between her and the Fiend General was too great. That Fiend General only exerted a bit of force, a slight squeeze, and then she fainted.
When they saw that Zhu Qianning was captured, everyone's expressions became a bit ugly.
Those female disciples from Jade Maiden Peak even more so lost their color. After all, Zhu Qianning was the core of their Jade Maiden Peak.
"What do we do? Senior Sister Zhu was captured by that Fiend General! "
"Who can save her?"
"Now that she has fallen into that fiend race's hands, everything points to disaster for senior sister."
Apart from crying, these female disciples could only feel their hands bound and helpless.
Lin Geng, Zhu Tianlai, and some inner disciples' expressions were also a bit overcast. They originally thought that they could rely on Luo Zheng to win today's battle beautifully, to the extent where they could even create a miracle against the Fiend General. They never expected that in the end, they would be caught in a trap by that Fiend General!
Chase? That didn't seem too realistic.
Even if it was Zhu Tianlai, even though he could face a Fiend General without being defeated, if he wanted to kill or capture a Fiend General, that was something that was almost impossible.
Luo Zheng stood in place, his expression complicated.
Normally, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so nosy as to save the life of a woman who didn't have much relationship with him.
However, when he saw that Zhu Qianning was captured by that fiend race, the expression she revealed instead made him recall his own younger sister, Luo Yan.
That day on Purgatory Mountain, even though Luo Zheng didn't see Luo Yan's true appearance, he reckoned that Luo Yan was just like Zhu Qianning, this helpless!
"Chase!"
Therefore, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. The Heavenly Devil True Qi in his body surged, and streams of power gathered on his legs.
Then, he took a step forward and chased after the Daemon General.
Before this, everyone had already seen Luo Zheng's strength. He was the only one who could kill a Daemon General. If there was anyone present who could save Zhu Qianning, it could only be Luo Zheng!
A ray of hope suddenly rose in everyone's heart.
After Luo Zheng left, the remaining people began to clean up the battlefield.
In the battle with the two Daemon Generals and the Daemon Soldiers, not a single Blue Cloud Sect disciple died. Only a few disciples were injured.
However, everyone understood that if it weren't for Luo Zheng, it wouldn't have been a matter of getting injured. Everyone present would probably have died.
As soon as Luo Zheng left, another ten Blue Cloud Sect disciples gathered.
These ten Blue Cloud Sect disciples were Heavenly Fury Peak's disciples. Compared to the other peaks, Heavenly Fury Peak's group's luck was a bit better. During this Monster Slaying Trial, everything went smoothly. Apart from encountering a few Daemon Soldiers, they actually didn't encounter a single Daemon General.
The one leading Heavenly Fury Peak's group was precisely the inner sect disciple Zhuge Ye.
Even though Zhuge Ye's strength could only be ranked second in this group.
However, Family Zhuge's disciples all occupied Heavenly Fury Peak, for example, Zhuge Shenhun, Zhuge Feng, and other peerless geniuses. That was why Zhuge Ye's status in Heavenly Fury Peak also rose. The other disciples didn't dare offend Family Zhuge.
When Zhuge Ye approached, his eyes landed on Lin Geng's body. His face sunk, and then he asked, "Where's Luo Zheng? Could it be that he's already dead? His life should be taken by me. If he died in the hands of a Daemon Soldier, it would be too easy for him. "
Zhuge Ye touched a sore spot. Luo Zheng had just saved everyone's life, and he immediately said such words. When Tianyi Peak, Xiao Yufeng, and Jade Maiden Peak's disciples heard this, they instantly exploded. Each and every one of them frowned and looked at Lin Geng coldly.
Lin Geng also said with an unfriendly expression, "Luo Zheng naturally didn't die. However, you want to take his life?" Lin Geng sneered and shook his head, "You're not qualified."
"How dare you! Try saying that again?" Zhuge Ye coldly shouted.
"Who do you think you are? Xiao Yufeng is at the bottom of the thirty-three peaks. How dare you say such words? "
"You're called Lin Geng, right? You're a bit famous on Xiao Yufeng. However, if you were placed in our Heavenly Fury Peak, I'm afraid you wouldn't even be able to enter the inner sect. Haha! "
The two inner sect disciples beside Zhuge Ye immediately chimed in.
Lin Geng seemed to have thrown caution to the wind. He unsheathed his sword and pointed it at the people of Heavenly Fury Peak, "Although I, Lin Geng, am a nobody, I'm not someone who's afraid of death. With your Heavenly Fury Peak's skills, you don't even have the qualifications to fight with Luo Zheng, let alone take his life!"
The biggest impact on Lin Geng in this Demon Slaying Trial was Luo Zheng.
Previously, Lin Geng looked at Luo Zheng with prejudice and threatened Luo Zheng. However, he didn't expect Luo Zheng to not care about the past and even save him from danger.
Lin Geng wasn't an ungrateful person. At the same time, he understood the difference in strength between himself and Luo Zheng. He also understood the principle of knowing shame and then bravery.
Seeing Lin Geng unsheathe his sword, Xiao Yufeng and the others also unsheathed their weapons. For a moment, swords were drawn between the two peaks!
Zhuge Ye said with a sinister smile, "Since when did Xiao Yufeng's disciples have the qualifications to be so unyielding? Do you really think you can win against my Heavenly Fury Peak? "
Heavenly Fury Peak was ranked sixth among all the peaks, while Xiao Yufeng was ranked 33rd, last place.
Previously, when Xiao Yufeng's outer sect was challenged by Vulture Peak, it was obvious that they were at a disadvantage. It was all thanks to Luo Zheng's strength that they turned the situation around.
One could imagine how big the difference in strength was between Xiao Yufeng and Heavenly Fury Peak.
Therefore, Zhuge Ye didn't think much of Xiao Yufeng and the others. Other than Lin Geng, who could withstand a little, the others didn't have the qualifications to last more than three moves from him.
Although Xiao Yufeng and the others were holding on, their expressions were still ugly. This was because they knew that they weren't a match for Heavenly Fury Peak!
However, after being influenced by Luo Zheng, they understood that true courage was to do something despite knowing that it was impossible!
Just as swords were drawn and the battle was about to start, Zhu Tianlai slowly walked over with the black and white swords in his hands.
"It might be a little difficult for Xiao Yufeng to win against your Heavenly Fury Peak, but what if my Tianyi Peak joins in?" Zhu Tianlai said indifferently.
"You? Zhu Tianlai? "Zhuge Ye's expression instantly turned ugly.
Among the 33 peaks of Green Cloud Peak, Tianyi Peak was the strongest!
Although Zhu Tianlai wasn't the strongest disciple in Tianyi Peak, he definitely wasn't weak.
Zhu Tianlai nodded, "I also agree with Lin Geng. You … don't have the qualifications to challenge Luo Zheng!"
Zhuge Ye's face darkened, "Zhu Tianlai, do you really want to join in? Aren't you afraid of our Family Zhuge? "
Zhu Tianlai smiled, "I'm not a descendant of a landowning household, but Zhuge Ye, do you really think that everyone will be afraid of your Eight Great Landowning Households?"
The Blue Cloud Sect had always favored powerful and talented disciples, and Zhu Tianlai was definitely one of them. With Zhu Tianlai's current status in Tianyi Peak, even if the Family Zhuge wanted to touch him, they would have to think for a long time and weigh the price.
The Family Zhuge wouldn't pay a high price to deal with Zhu Tianlai for such a small matter.
Therefore, Zhu Tianlai had nothing to fear.
"Why? Why would the dignified Tianyi Peak stand up for Luo Zheng? "Zhuge Ye didn't understand, and so did the disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak behind him.
As the strongest peak of the 33 peaks, Tianyi Peak had always thought highly of themselves. When had they ever looked down on the disciples of other peaks?
But now, they were willing to stand up for Luo Zheng. There must be a reason behind it.
Zhu Tianlai smiled faintly and counted the number of disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak, "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, ninety. None of you died. It must be interesting to wander around Cang Qiong Forest, right?"
"We also encountered a few waves of Demon Soldiers. What do you mean?" Zhuge Ye frowned even more. He couldn't understand what Zhu Tianlai was trying to do.
Zhu Tianlai laughed, "This time, the Demon Soldiers that sneaked into Cang Qiong Forest weren't the only ones. There were also many Demon Generals."
"What? Demon Generals? "Zhuge Ye's face changed.
The disciples of Heaven's Wrath Peak also revealed fearful expressions.
They were very relaxed on the way here. It was just some Demon Soldiers. As long as the inner disciples performed well, dealing with those Demon Soldiers would be as easy as cutting vegetables.
But when they heard the words "Demon Generals", they naturally understood how dangerous it was. At least in their Heavenly Fury Peak, no one could deal with Demon Generals. If they encountered Demon Generals, they wouldn't even be able to escape. There was no other choice but to die.
"Do you know why I said that you don't have the qualifications to challenge Luo Zheng?" Zhu Tianlai smiled disdainfully, "Luo Zheng killed a Demon General."
Lin Geng suddenly said, "No, it's two! He killed one before this! "
Hearing Zhu Tianlai and Lin Geng's words, Zhuge Ye's expression was very rich. It kept twisting and changing. In the end, he said, "Impossible!"
With Zhu Tianlai's strength, he didn't want to waste time with Zhuge Ye. He just waved the black and white swords in his hands, "I don't care if you believe it or not. If you meet Luo Zheng in the future, you can challenge him. I guarantee that you'll lose like a dog. Also, I advise you not to cause trouble here. If you're afraid of death, then stay with us obediently. If you're not afraid, then you can choose to leave. But if you cause trouble here — — I don't think any of the ten of you are a match for me. "
Zhu Tianlai's words immediately put the disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak in a dilemma.
If they stayed here, it would be too embarrassing. Everyone was ridiculing them.
If they left, it was said that there was a Demon General in Cang Qiong Forest! If they encountered a Demon General, how miserable would their fates be?
But after thinking about it, the disciples of Heavenly Fury Peak decided to stay. Losing face was a small matter, but losing their lives was a big matter!