An agile figure was running madly in the Canopy Forest.
Luo Zheng had already raised his speed to the limit.
Borrowing the power of the dragon scale, he poured that heaven-defying power into his legs and madly strode forward.
Every time Luo Zheng stepped on the ground, the soft soil would be crushed, creating a huge pit! Borrowing this power, Luo Zheng took another step and continued to run forward.
He sprinted all the way, like a giant beast making a huge noise in the forest, creating thousands of huge pits … …
Although using this method to increase his speed was very clumsy, it was very effective. It was also the only way Luo Zheng could use.
Even if he maintained this speed, Luo Zheng still couldn't catch up with the Goblin General in front of him. Moreover, the distance between them was getting wider and wider.
When he had just started, Luo Zheng could still see the Goblin General and Zhu Qianning.
Now, he could only faintly see the Goblin General's figure through the gaps between the spruce trunks.
Under this chase, the Goblin General and the Goblin General were both extremely fast.
If they kept running at a relatively uniform speed, whether it was Luo Zheng or the Goblin General, they would probably run for a month or even two months without a problem. Whether it was a martial artist or a Goblin General, they had already surpassed the limits of life.
However, Luo Zheng and the Goblin General were both sprinting at an extremely high speed. It wouldn't be a problem for them to continue like this for the time it takes to burn a stick of incense.
However, this continued for an hour, two hours, four hours … …
Even the Goblin Clan, which was known for its endurance and tenacity, gradually couldn't hold on and gradually slowed down.
However, Luo Zheng's physical condition was far better than that Goblin General's.
The reason was that Luo Zheng's power was extracted from the dragon scale of the Qinglong sculpture in his mind. As long as Luo Zheng felt that his strength was slightly exhausted, the dragon scale would flicker and Luo Zheng's strength would be restored.
However, after repeatedly extracting the power from the dragon scale, the green radiance on the dragon scale slowly dimmed.
From the looks of it, the power within the dragon scales was not limitless. If too much was extracted, the power within would be squeezed dry.
"But that Demon General is getting slower and slower. He shouldn't be able to last much longer," Luo Zheng thought to himself. His feet didn't stop for even a moment as he continued to chase. No matter what, he had to save Zhu Qianning from that Demon General.
The Demon General at the front also felt helpless.
The bodies of demons were far stronger than that of humans.
The Demon General didn't think that the human kid could catch up to him at all.
In fact, this was indeed the case at the beginning. That human brat's speed was far behind from the beginning, but it soon discovered that the human brat seemed to have activated some kind of secret technique, and his speed increased greatly. Now, he was only slightly faster than it.
From the moment that human brat killed his Demon Clan companion, this Demon General had already sensed the strangeness of the human brat. The strength that was hidden in the depths of his heart was far more powerful than it seemed.
However, no matter how strong it was, there had to be a limit. This guy was only a Half-step to Inborn. How could he catch up with it?
Furthermore, as a dignified Demon General, why would it be afraid of a Half-step to Inborn guy?
That guy didn't even have Vital Essence. There was only Vital Essence in his body. Wasn't it as easy as squashing an ant in front of it in the past?
It really didn't make sense …
The Demon General wanted to stop and counterattack. He wanted to get rid of that brat first.
However, when it thought of its companion, who was also a Demon General, dying miserably at the hands of that brat, it put away this thought.
Along the way, the Demon General had already used its Demon Aura to release a special signal that could summon other Demon Generals not far away. If it waited for three or four Demon Generals to meet up with it, it would be too easy to get rid of this brat.
Thinking of this, its already exhausted body gained some strength out of thin air, and it continued to run forward.
Luo Zheng also understood the principle of not chasing a cornered enemy. However, he had to save Zhu Qianning no matter what, so he couldn't give up.
Seeing that the distance was getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng's fingers moved slightly, and the broken flying knife jumped into his hand!
Taking advantage of the moment when he stomped his foot on the ground and rushed forward, the broken flying dagger had already shot towards the back of the Demon Clan.
"Whoosh —"
Because the speed was too fast and the strength was too great, the broken flying knife cut through the air in front of it, making a violent whistling sound.
When the Demon General heard the sound behind him, he turned around and saw the flying knife. A cold smile appeared on his ugly face. His shoulder trembled, and a bone spur grew out from his shoulder and shot towards the broken flying knife.
If the bone spur had shot at the broken flying knife from the side, it might have been able to deflect the flying knife.
However, this Demon General had never seen the power of the broken flying knife. He thought that with the hardness of his bone spur, it should be easy to block the flying knife.
However, when the bone spur that he was so proud of clashed with the broken flying knife, an inconceivable scene appeared.
The bone spike, which was as hard and strong as a spirit weapon, was unable to stop the flying dagger in the slightest. It was cut in half by the flying dagger, and the flying dagger continued to fly towards the demon general with great inertia.
Due to his previous misjudgment, the distance between the flying knife and the Demon General was not far.
Under the circumstances, the Demon General could only roll on the ground to avoid the terrifying flying knife.
This roll greatly affected the Demon General's speed. Luo Zheng quickly caught up from behind. At the same time, he jumped up and clapped his hands. Streaks of purple-black Heavenly Demon True Qi gathered in Luo Zheng's hands. Then, he slapped the Demon General with all his strength.
A dignified Demon General was in a very sorry state at this moment.
Seeing Luo Zheng's attack, not only did he not dare to face it head-on, he took advantage of the momentum to roll on the ground again to avoid Luo Zheng's palms. He continued to carry the unconscious Zhu Qianning and ran forward.
Luo Zheng's palms slapped into the ground. Only a rumbling sound was heard. Under the force of Luo Zheng's powerful palms, a hill bulged out from the ground. The Heavenly Demon True Qi continuously swallowed, shuttled, and surged through the ground.
After a while, the hill quickly sank into the ground and turned into a huge sinkhole in the blink of an eye!
Although the power of the Heavenly Demon God Fist surprised Luo Zheng himself, now was not the time to be surprised.
He pulled out his palms from the ground and gently clasped the iron ring with his thumbs. The broken flying knife, which was lost somewhere, flew back into his hands. He continued to walk and chased after the Demon General.
With the lesson just now, the Demon General was extremely vigilant towards Luo Zheng's every move.
Every time Luo Zheng shot it with the flying knife, it would punch the spruce trees on both sides. These spruce trees were as thick as a person. Although the falling tree trunks could not block the sharp flying knife, being hit by the spruce tree trunks was enough to affect the accuracy of the flying knife.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's several flying knives did not have any effect.
For a moment, the chase between Luo Zheng and the Demon General became an unbreakable deadlock.
However, this deadlock did not last long.
The Demon General stopped on his own initiative and faced Luo Zheng. Its pair of strange eyes stared at Luo Zheng, and it spoke in an unpleasant voice, "Human, have you chased enough?"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The broken flying knife spun and cut off two spruce tree trunks before returning to his hands.
Holding the flying knife, Luo Zheng moved his body and said coldly, "Put her down and I'll let you go."
"The mechanism on this woman's body is very interesting. I have to take her away!" the Demon General said.
"In that case, I'm afraid you won't be able to leave." Luo Zheng pointed the flying knife at the Demon General. His body slightly leaned forward, like a cheetah about to pounce on its prey, ready to strike.
The Demon General let out an ear-piercing laugh: "Is that so? I think I don't know who won't be able to leave now! "
Just as the Demon General's voice fell, from Luo Zheng's side, behind, and right … came waves of intense Demon Qi at the same time!
Three Demon Generals?
No! It was five!
Including the Demon General in front of him, there were six Demon Generals in total.
Facing the six torrent-like Demon Qi pressure, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly became very unsightly.
With Luo Zheng's current true strength, dealing with one Demon General was not too big of a problem.
Facing two Demon Generals, Luo Zheng was confident that he was in an invincible position. But if he ran into three Demon Generals, he was afraid that he could only run for his life.
But now there were six Demon Generals coming at once …
Even if he could escape, he was afraid that there was no hope.
"Keke!" Looking at Zhu Qianning, the Demon General let out a strange laugh. Although that ugly face was completely different from a human's, Luo Zheng still felt that it was very proud.
"Kekekeke …"
Behind Luo Zheng, the Demon Generals surrounding him also let out the same laugh.
Standing in the center, Luo Zheng's expression was unusually calm.
The number of times Luo Zheng walked between life and death was already very many.
Facing this kind of predicament, Luo Zheng deeply understood that he absolutely could not panic, because panic would not help the situation at all. Instead, it would make him panic.
In a desperate situation, he could only fight!
Even if he died, he would have no regrets.
"Puff."
Luo Zheng threw the broken throwing knife on the ground. The knife's edge aimed at the ground and shot into the depths of the earth without any obstruction. Then he smiled at the Demon General in front of him.
That Demon General suddenly stared blankly. Was this human brat crazy? How could he still smile at a time like this? And he even stabbed his weapon into the ground? What kind of trick was he trying to play?
"Keke, no matter what kind of trick you play, don't even think about escaping. You'd better accept your fate. Miraculous human brat, your flesh is already very delicious …" After saying that, the Demon General waved his hand. The several Demon Generals around him all rushed towards Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng no longer listened to the Demon General's nonsense. Demons were not humans, so it was meaningless to communicate with him.
Luo Zheng opened his hands completely horizontally. Then his body suddenly started to spin.