Luo Zheng was like a spinning top, spinning faster and faster. Due to the drag of the ring on Luo Zheng's thumb, the flying dagger was affected by the centrifugal force, causing it to spin several times faster than Luo Zheng himself.
The soil underground was loose and soft. Even if it came into contact with a hard rock, it would be instantly cut open by the flying dagger, not to mention the tree roots, earthworms, and other mollusks hiding in the ground.
But from the ground, there was no movement at all.
The Demon Generals were getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng.
Twenty zhang …
Ten zhang …
Fifty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
The Demon Generals were getting closer and closer, and the Demon Qi was getting denser and denser.
But Luo Zheng, who was in the center, was not affected by the Demon Qi at all. It was as if he had forgotten everything and was madly spinning on his own.
"Now is the time!"
When the Demon Generals were only one zhang away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his hand and jumped high into the air.
The flying dagger was spinning at an extremely high speed on the ground with Luo Zheng as the center. As soon as Luo Zheng raised it, the flying dagger suddenly broke out of the ground. After drawing a crescent moon on the ground, it slashed towards the Demon Generals who were surrounding him.
This attack was extremely covert, and it was out of the Demon Generals' expectations. Before they could dodge, the flying dagger slashed through their bodies.
"Puff puff puff …"
One of the Demon General's arms was neatly cut off.
A terrible wound appeared on the chest of the second Demon General.
The stomach of the third Demon General was cut open by the flying dagger …
The fourth …
"Ouch!" The Demon Generals all howled in pain.
They originally thought that this prey was like a white rabbit that was surrounded in a blind spot, and that they could easily catch it. They didn't expect that this human brat's counterattack at the last moment would be so sharp!
In fact, Luo Zheng was gambling when he thought of this move at the last moment!
If one of the Demon Generals had pounced on him in advance, his move would not have been effective!
But the Demon Generals' movements were too uniform, and Luo Zheng controlled the range of the flying dagger with great precision. That was why he was able to seriously injure the Demon Generals in one blow.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was not at ease. The Demon Race's body was much stronger than that of humans. If a human was seriously injured, they would definitely lose the ability to fight, but the Demon Race often had their last breath left, and could fight until the last moment!
While they were howling, Luo Zheng rushed towards the Demon General who had lured him in the beginning.
Luo Zheng wanted to leave, but he also wanted to take Zhu Qianning.
Luo Zheng's eyes.................................
The Demon General was holding onto the unconscious Zhu Qianning, immersed in the sudden change of events. Seeing the flying dagger, he suddenly reacted. In a moment of desperation, he suddenly lifted Zhu Qianning and used her as a shield.
If the flying dagger wanted to hurt the Demon General, it would inevitably pierce through Zhu Qianning.
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only shake his hand and pull back the flying knife that was shot out.
Luo Zheng's mood didn't change in the slightest as his fierce attack was neutralized by the Demon General using such a despicable method.
There was no such thing as despicable in a battle against a foreign race. Only by defeating and killing the other party by fair means or foul could the race survive.
Holding the flying dagger in his hand, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Zhenqi surged through his body like a tide. He approached the Demon General with an even faster gait.
As long as he took Zhu Qianning back from the Demon General's hands, Luo Zheng wouldn't have to continue fighting.
But just as he was about to approach the Demon General, his expression darkened. A bone spur suddenly shot from his body towards Luo Zheng.
Even though Luo Zheng had a body of spiritual aura, he couldn't avoid being injured when pierced by this hard and sharp bone spur.
He could only lower his body to avoid this bone spur.
"Whoosh!"
Immediately after, another bone spur forced Luo Zheng to take two steps back.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The injured Fey Generals all shot out the bone spikes in their bodies.
Six Demon Generals continuously shot bone spurs at Luo Zheng. Among them, Luo Zheng could only dodge. He simply couldn't find a chance to catch his breath!
In the beginning, Luo Zheng still had room to dodge. But as the number of bone spurs increased, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge anymore!
"Puff!"
A bone spur directly hit Luo Zheng's thigh. The entire bone spur pierced through his inner thigh and came out from the outside!
"Puff puff puff!"
After the first bone spur pierced through Luo Zheng's thigh, the long bone spur embedded itself in his leg, hindering his movements. The other bone spurs stabbed Luo Zheng like a swarm of bees. His arms, arms, and legs were all pierced by bone spurs in succession …
Although Luo Zheng had cultivated a Spiritual Artifact Body, his body still felt pain. Previously, his body was able to generate warm currents. If it was palm force or fist force, most of it would be converted into warm currents. Therefore, Luo Zheng had never suffered such serious injuries, nor had he ever felt such pain!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was half-squatting on the ground. Seven or eight bone spurs pierced through his body. He couldn't even walk normally and could only maintain that half-squatting posture.
"Jiejiejiejie …"
The demon general who kidnapped Zhu Qianning laughed again at this moment.
The demon generals who were injured by Luo Zheng's broken flying daggers recovered very quickly. At this moment, they stood up one by one and kept talking in the demon language. They were probably discussing whether or not to kill this strange human brat.
After all, a half-step Xiantian human brat still had considerable research value. If they captured him and brought him back, they might be able to dig out some secrets from Luo Zheng.
If an intelligent race wanted to continue to grow stronger, they had to absorb the advantages and specialties of other races!
In the past, the demon race didn't have their own culture. But in the constant battles with humans, they obtained some human culture and finally formed their own language. Step by step, they unearthed the cultivation methods of humans, and so on, and used everything they could.
On this point, the human race and the demon race also realized the principle of taking advantage of other people's strengths to make up for their own weaknesses. They broke the moral fence of the past. Therefore, the human race and the demon race became friendly and learned from each other's characteristics.
Drop by drop, blood flowed out from the wounds and dyed the bone spurs that pierced Luo Zheng's body red.
For most people, being pierced by several bone spurs was already a dead end.
But Luo Zheng still didn't give up. He knelt on one knee and looked at the demon generals quietly. At the same time, he quietly operated the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi in his dantian.
He wanted to use the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi to devour the bone spurs that were stuck in his body!
No matter how great the adversity, he had to keep calm. Only in this way could he have a chance to turn the tables …
While controlling the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi, Luo Zheng kept reminding himself in his heart to stay calm, stay calm!
At this moment, Zhu Qianning, who had just fainted, opened her eyes.
Her long eyelashes trembled slightly. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw Luo Zheng kneeling on one knee on the ground. Several long bone spurs had completely pierced through him, and he was covered in blood.
"Luo … Luo Zheng?"
Zhu Qianning couldn't help but cry out.
When she was taken away by the demon generals, she already knew that she was really in danger this time.
But Zhu Qianning never expected that Luo Zheng would be willing to risk his life to save her. Looking at the demon generals around her, Zhu Qianning also understood that Luo Zheng was also in a desperate situation this time.
This young man, who had only known her for a day, was actually willing to take such a big risk to save her …
Thinking of this, Zhu Qianning was extremely moved.
Hearing Zhu Qianning's cry, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly at her. At this moment, he had no time to be distracted. He was fully operating the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi to devour those bone spurs bit by bit …
The demon generals around Luo Zheng were discussing and discussing in their demon race's language.
From the looks of it, they seemed to have finally discussed a way to deal with him.
A bone spur suddenly protruded from the arm of one of the demon generals. That demon general aimed the bone spur at Luo Zheng's head.
"It seems that they still want to kill me." Looking at the bone spur aimed at him, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of ruthlessness. The Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi in his body also accelerated the devouring speed by thirty percent.
Just as that demon general was about to stab Luo Zheng with the bone spur, several muffled sounds came from Luo Zheng's body.
"Pa, pa pa …"
That was the sound of the bone spurs piercing Luo Zheng's body breaking.
At this critical juncture, Luo Zheng finally swallowed all the bone spurs in his body and cut them off!
Those bone spurs broke in the middle and fell from Luo Zheng's wounds. Luo Zheng, who was no longer bound by the bone spurs, regained his freedom!
"Even if I die, I'll drag you down with me!"
At this moment, that demon general was already stabbing at Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng tilted his head slightly and avoided the bone spur. Then Luo Zheng straightened his body and got close to that demon general!
There were several big holes in Luo Zheng's body from the bone spurs. Just now, when those bone spurs pierced into Luo Zheng's body, they actually stopped the bleeding. Now that the bone spurs had left his body, Luo Zheng moved, and blood immediately gushed out like spring water!
Fighting a bloody battle!
As soon as Luo Zheng got close, he threw out a quick punch.
"Demonic Shaking the World!"
"Bang!"
That demon general's tall body was sent flying several meters away by Luo Zheng's punch. Then it howled in pain, as if its body was being gnawed by thousands of demons.
The fate of having the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi poured into the body was very miserable.
The Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi rapidly gnawed at every tissue and every piece of flesh in that demon general's body!
After a while, wisps of Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi came out of the demon general's eyes, mouth, and ears. Finally, the demon general was gnawed into a shell by the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi. It lay on the ground and turned into nothingness together with the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi …
Seeing that their comrade had ended up like this, the other demons' faces were extremely ugly.
They had never expected that a half-step to the Innate Realm human brat could still fight back in such a situation. Moreover, he even killed their demon comrade in front of them!
Except for his head, Luo Zheng's entire body was stained with blood. The white robe of the Blue Cloud Sect looked like a "blood robe" at this moment!
Even so, Luo Zheng's eyes were still filled with determination and incomparable sharpness!
＝＝＝＝＝