Regardless of whether it was the Yao Clan, the Human Clan, the Demon Clan, or any other intelligent race.
Since they possessed intelligence and the ability to think independently, they would have all the emotions that humans had.
Adoration, fear, sadness …
When these Yao Generals saw Luo Zheng standing upright, bathed in blood, and felt Luo Zheng's perseverance and imposing manner, they were all stunned. For a moment, none of the Yao Generals rushed forward!
"Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng, don't worry about me. If you can kill your way out, then escape by yourself!" Zhu Qianning said softly with tears in her eyes.
Luo Zheng's not-so-tall figure was like a brand that was deeply imprinted in her heart.
Hearing Zhu Qianning's words, Luo Zheng turned his head. He still didn't respond to Zhu Qianning's words. Instead, he gave her a faint smile.
This smile warmed people's hearts.
A flying knife, covered in blood, faced the Yao Generals directly.
"Gugugugugu …" The Yao General holding Zhu Qianning hostage said a few more words in the Yao Clan's language.
At this moment, the Yao Generals surrounding Luo Zheng finally moved. It seemed that this time, they were going to swarm him.
A mass of purplish-black Sky Devil True Energy rose from Luo Zheng's hand. At this moment, Luo Zheng emptied all the Sky Devil True Energy in his body. Luo Zheng used the single blade to protect his chest. His other hand was clenched into a fist, constantly emitting Sky Devil True Energy.
His meaning was very simple. If you're not afraid of death, then come at me!
The first Yao General rushed forward. Luo Zheng retreated, but the other Yao General's bone spur stabbed toward his chest. Facing the bone spur, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He allowed the bone spur to enter his body. Not only that, but he also exerted force in his legs and pushed his body forward.
"Puchi!"
At the same time that the bone spur pierced through his body, Luo Zheng also pushed against the bone spur and approached the Yao General.
The bone spur that had pierced through Luo Zheng's back had already turned from bronze to scarlet. Drops of blood were dripping down the tip of the bone spur …
When the Demon General saw that Luo Zheng was completely unafraid of death and actually withstood the Bone Spear that pierced through his chest and approached him, he immediately panicked. He wanted to break the Bone Spear and distance himself from Luo Zheng.
But it was too late.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng punched the demon general's chest, and wisps of Heavenly Devil True Qi poured into its body …
At this point, Luo Zheng didn't even look at the Demon General. He turned around and faced the other Demon General. Luo Zheng knew that once the Heavenly Demon True Qi entered the Demon General's body, the Demon General would die without a doubt!
The first one …
Just as Luo Zheng turned his head, another Bone Spur pierced into Luo Zheng's body. Using the same technique, Luo Zheng once again rushed forward and injected the Heavenly Demon Vital Qi into that Fey General's body …
The second one …
Again …
"Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng …"
Looking at Luo Zheng in such a tragic battle, Zhu Qianning's eyes were already blurred from crying. Her lively eyes were now swollen like walnuts.
But at this moment, she couldn't do anything!
The opponent was from the Demon Clan, not one of them!
She couldn't even beg for mercy!
Luo Zheng could no longer hear anything. There was only one thing that kept him from collapsing, and that was the belief that he would never admit defeat!
He had to exhaust every wisp of True Qi in his body, squeeze out every bit of strength, and drain every drop of blood until it dried up!
Before he did this, he couldn't collapse, and he couldn't die.
The fourth one …
The fifth one …
Relying on a desperate fight that was close to self-mutilation, Luo Zheng killed these five Demon Generals one by one.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's body was already full of Bone Spurs.
Unlike the Bone Spurs at the beginning, the Bone Spurs before only pierced Luo Zheng's limbs, and didn't hit any vital parts.
But now, the Bone Spurs all pierced through his body, and almost every part of his body was pierced on his vital parts!
Luo Zheng couldn't walk anymore. Those Bone Spurs pierced through his body from front to back. At this moment, he looked like a hedgehog, standing in place and facing the last Demon General.
For a Demon Soldier to become a Demon General, he had to go through countless bloody battles to obtain his current strength.
Compared to humans, the Demon Clan's willpower, tenacity, and vitality were all far stronger than humans. They were born with weapons that could be used in battle — Bone Spurs. They had undergone strict training since childhood, and that training often meant elimination between life and death …
Even the Demon General, who grew up in such a cruel environment, was deeply shocked by Luo Zheng's willpower.
The Demon General grabbed Zhu Qianning with one hand, and a Bone Spur protruded from his other arm. He faced Luo Zheng and said in a strange tone, "Human brat, I also admire your willpower and courage. But you and I belong to different races. Today … you must die …"
Whether it was the Demon General, Zhu Qianning, or Luo Zheng, all three of them knew that Luo Zheng's injuries were extremely serious. Even if the Demon General didn't attack Luo Zheng, leaving Luo Zheng here, he would undoubtedly die.
But just in case, the Demon General still decided to kill Luo Zheng with his own hands.
The Bone Spur in his hand began to contract under the Demon Clan's strong and powerful muscles. When the muscles in the Demon General's body contracted to a certain extent, he would shoot the Bone Spur out like an arrow.
Just as the Demon General was about to shoot the Bone Spur out, Zhu Qianning's vital essence suddenly surged!
At this moment, she absolutely wouldn't allow the Demon General to harm Luo Zheng in any way.
Zhu Qianning's vital essence turned into thin red needles and shot toward the Demon General.
But her attack didn't work. The Demon General only stretched out his arm and blocked Zhu Qianning's eyes. Then, he waved his hand and pushed Zhu Qianning away.
Zhu Qianning's weak body fiercely crashed into a huge spruce tree trunk and slowly slid down.
But at this moment, this descendant of a landowning household, who had grown up surrounded and protected since childhood, showed incomparable tenacity. She flipped her hand and a small golden box appeared in her hand. Just as she was about to open the golden box, a short and powerful Bone Spur shot toward Zhu Qianning again, directly shattering the golden box.
It wasn't the Demon General who shot this Bone Spur. In the nearby spruce forest, several Demon Generals appeared. This Bone Spur was shot by one of them.
In addition to those Demon Generals, there were dozens of Demon Soldiers beside them.
Seeing those Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals, Zhu Qianning finally lost all hope. She could only stare blankly at Luo Zheng and say in a daze, "I'm sorry, I can't help you …"
After experiencing this small setback, the Demon General said to Zhu Qianning, "It's useless. You really can't help him." Then, he turned his head and aimed the Bone Spur at Luo Zheng again, "Die!"
But at this moment, a sudden change occurred!
In the sky, a small silver sword appeared out of thin air.
When that small silver sword appeared, it spun nonstop. When it finally stopped spinning, it chose the direction of the sword tip and pierced straight down.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
After the first small silver sword appeared, a second, a third, a fourth appeared …
Each of the small swords started to spin. After determining the direction they were going, they started to fall freely like raindrops.
These small swords were formed from True Essence, and each of them was incomparably sharp. Their power was also frighteningly great.
Before the Demon General in front of Luo Zheng could shoot out his Bone Spur, he was enveloped in a rain of small silver swords.
These small silver swords covered a very large area. Not only did they appear above the Demon General's head, but they also appeared above the heads of the Demon Generals and Demon Soldiers who had just appeared.
This was a rain of swords, a rain of swords controlled by the God of Death …
All the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals covered their heads and fled like rats. They let out roars of despair, but none of them could escape the fate of death.
When the last small sword stabbed into the ground, it immediately turned into a little bit of vital essence and disappeared between heaven and earth. The entire Canopy Forest was silent. All the Demon Clan present had been wiped out by the rain of swords formed by the small silver swords.
In the air, there was a person floating there.
It was a middle-aged man in a dirty Daoist robe. His face was red, and his hair was messy. He looked very sloppy.
Zhu Qianning, who was originally listless, suddenly had a look of endless joy on her face when she saw the middle-aged man. "Second Uncle!"
This middle-aged man with a ruddy face was Zhu Qianning's Second Uncle, Zhu Feihang.
In the Family Zhu, Zhu Feihang's strength could be ranked in the top three among the elders. He was an expert in the Sword Transformation Technique of Vital Essence. However, he was a little sloppy and usually did not care about his appearance. Therefore, outsiders gave him the nickname "Sloppy Sword Celestial".
"Qianning! Are you okay? As soon as I received your message, I rushed over here! " Zhu Feihang saw that Zhu Qianning seemed to be fine and his heart was at ease. He stepped on a small silver sword and slowly descended from the sky in front of Zhu Qianning.
The moment Zhu Qianning was kidnapped by the Demon General, she had triggered a special button made by the Family Zhu. This button was specially designed by the Family Zhu for the Family Zhu. As long as it was triggered, the disciples of the Family Zhu who were closest to the button would receive the message!
However, there was a huge drawback to the button. Humans were too fast and could not arrive in time. Usually, when they arrived, it was already too late.
Zhu Feihang was originally representing the Family Zhu to go to Baidi City to kill demons on the Asura Battlefield. However, this time, something big happened in Baidi City and he was forced to leave. Coincidentally, he was not far from Canopy Forest. Therefore, when he received the message from the button, he quickly rushed over.
Zhu Qianning was not destined to die!
"Second Uncle, I'm fine! I'm fine! Save him! Save Luo Zheng! "Zhu Qianning cried emotionally.
Zhu Feihang turned his head and saw Luo Zheng covered in blood. Then, he saw the corpses of several Demon Generals lying beside Luo Zheng. His expression changed slightly.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was so young, he should be a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. He should be participating in the Demon Slaying Trial like Zhu Qianning. This kid was so capable that he could kill a group of Demon Generals alone?
White Robe!
If he remembered correctly, White Robe should be an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect!