Zhu Feihang had been fighting outside for many years, so he was unfamiliar with the Blue Cloud Sect. He only remembered that the Blue Cloud Sect was divided into the Inner and Outer Sects. As for whether the Outer Sects had the strength of an Innate Expert, he was not so sure.
However, from the trace of genuine Qi coming from Luo Zheng's body, he was very sure that the boy in front of him, who was bathed in blood, was only a Half-step Innate Expert. It was just that the genuine Qi in his body was a little strange.
Even a strong man like Zhu Feihang felt that it was a little unbelievable for a Half-step Innate Expert to be able to do this.
Zhu Feihang took two steps forward and looked at Luo Zheng, who was standing like a statue. He reached out his hand and placed it on a meridian on Luo Zheng's neck.
"Five organs damaged, meridian severed … To be able to stand with such injuries, such willpower …" Zhu Feihang was amazed. He turned back and asked, "Little Qianning, who is this boy to you?"
"Second Uncle, you don't need to know who he is. You must save him." Zhu Qianning said in a trembling voice, "Can he be saved?"
Zhu Feihang smiled and said, "This boy's body is so tough that he can still hang on to his last breath after suffering such serious injuries. Of course, there are ways to save him, and there are more than one. However, no matter which way it is, we will have to pay a high price. That's why I asked you, who is he to you?"
Zhu Feihang had seen too much life and death. For Zhu Qianning, he could pay any price. However, if it was for a boy of unknown origin, he might not be willing to go all out. That was why he asked.
"He … he is my savior. He became like this because of me …" Zhu Qianning looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression.
In fact, with Zhu Feihang's experience, he understood at a glance that Luo Zheng wanted to save Zhu Qianning. Luo Zheng just wanted to prove some of his conjectures. Seeing Zhu Qianning's expression, Zhu Feihang smiled slightly. As an elder, he didn't ask too much, so he said, "Well, in that case, we must save this person!"
With that, Zhu Feihang flicked his finger and a sparkling Vital Essence appeared in his hand. The moment the Vital Essence appeared, it turned into a golden needle.
The Zhu Family of Golden Needles was not only good at concealed weapons. In fact, the Zhu Family was famous for a set of needle techniques. This set of needle techniques was called "Great Yin Yang Golden Needles". This set of needle techniques could not only be used to defend against enemies, but also to save people.
Zhu Feihang couldn't treat Luo Zheng's injury, but he could save his life with the Great Yin Yang Golden Needle.
"Pu!"
Zhu Feihang clapped his hand casually and the long golden needle went straight into Luo Zheng's Shenque Acupoint.
Afterwards, Zhu Feihang flicked his hands continuously and golden needles appeared in his hands one after another. He inserted them into the Shanzhong, Rugen, Guanyuan, and Taiyuan acupoints …
Zhu Feihang clapped 14 times in a row and sealed all 14 of Luo Zheng's important acupoints in one breath.
After Zhu Feihang finished this series of actions, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. The wounds on his body, which had been gushing with blood a moment ago, also stopped bleeding.
At this time, Zhu Feihang stretched out his hand and pulled out the bone spurs that had pierced into Luo Zheng's body one by one.
Even Zhu Feihang, who had been on the battlefield for a long time, trembled with fear when he pulled out the bone spurs. This brat's injury was really terrifying. At the same time, Zhu Feihang couldn't understand why. If an ordinary Xiantian life form was pierced by one of these bone spurs, they would probably lose their life.
But this brat was actually still alive after being pierced by so many bone spurs. How tenacious was this brat's vitality?
After pulling out all the bone spurs, Zhu Feihang grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder and lightly pushed. At the same time, a strand of vital essence on the ground converged into a small silver sword, supporting Luo Zheng on top of it.
After taking care of all this, he walked towards Zhu Qianning and checked whether Zhu Qianning was injured or not. Afterwards, he stepped onto the small silver sword with Zhu Qianning and the three of them soared into the sky, flying towards the depths of Cang Qiong Forest.
"Second Uncle, my companions are still in Cang Qiong Forest …" Zhu Qianning suddenly thought of the disciples of Jade Maiden Peak. Not only were there her sisters from Jade Maiden Peak, but there were also people from Lone Sky Peak and Xiao Yufeng.
"Don't worry, there was an accident in Cang Qiong Forest this time. Quite a few Yao Generals were let in. White Emperor City has already sent many people in to search and rescue the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect," Zhu Feihang said.
Zhu Qianning stared at Luo Zheng, who was lying beside her, and asked, "Second Uncle, why did so many Yao Generals sneak into Cang Qiong Forest this time? I remember that Yao Generals rarely appeared in Cang Qiong Forest in the past. In my impression, the Blue Cloud Sect has been conducting the Yao Slaying Trial for so many years, and they have only encountered Yao Generals once or twice. But this time, so many actually appeared. Could it be … "
Zhu Qianning was a descendant of a landowning household, after all. Her vision and vision were very broad. With so many Yao Generals appearing here, she suspected that something had happened to White Emperor City.
One had to know that White Emperor City was located on the Asura Battlefield. For so many years, it had always been the strongest and most important pass of the Fengwang Dynasty.
Other than the occasional unimportant Yao Soldiers that were let off from the Asura Battlefield, it was very difficult for Yao Generals, who were far more powerful than Yao Soldiers, to escape the surveillance and pursuit of White Emperor City.
But this time, there was an accident.
Zhu Feihang did not deny it. Instead, he nodded and said, "There is indeed something wrong with White Emperor City. The Yao Clan on the Asura Battlefield is getting stronger by the day. Half a month ago, the Emperor's Army fought fiercely with the Yao Clan's army on the Asura Battlefield. In the end, they were defeated. The Qiankun Pagodas have now been lost, and all the Emperor's Army has retreated to White Emperor City."
Zhu Qianning's eyes revealed a hint of surprise. In these years on the Asura Battlefield, the Human Clan had built two huge pagodas in front of White Emperor City. One was called the Qian Pagoda, and the other was called the Kun Pagoda. She did not expect the situation to be so serious this time. The Yao Clan had taken over the Qiankun Pagodas …
The speed of Sword Kinesis Flight was much faster than running in the forest on foot.
All the way to the northwest, a sword shadow was as fast as lightning. Before long, a snow-white city appeared in front of Zhu Qianning.
"White Emperor City!"
In White Emperor City, whether it was the buildings or the city walls, they were all built with a type of rock called "Dolomite." This type of Dolomite was snow-white in color and was very hard. Therefore, whether it was the city walls or the buildings in White Emperor City, they were all built with this type of rock.
Zhu Feihang brought Zhu Qianning and the unconscious Luo Zheng to the city gate of White Emperor City.
Then, a few Emperor's Army soldiers walked out of the city gate. They looked at Zhu Feihang and respectfully cupped their hands. "Sir, if you enter the city, you will need to show your jade pendant and check your identity!"
Zhu Feihang was naturally aware of these rules. He took out his jade pendant from his waist and threw it to the soldiers.
The soldiers carefully checked Zhu Feihang's jade pendant before returning it to him.
Then, the soldier waved his hand at the city wall. On the city wall, a few more soldiers were controlling a large mirror. That mirror was the Demon Revealing Mirror.
The Demon Revealing Mirror's function was similar to the Family Zhu's Demon Breaking Needle. It could capture the subtle Demon Aura and prevent the Demon Clan from hiding in people's bodies and sneaking into White Emperor City.
The large Demon Revealing Mirror swept over Luo Zheng, Zhu Qianning, and Zhu Feihang's bodies one by one.
After confirming that there were no problems, the soldiers bowed to Zhu Feihang before opening the city gate and letting Zhu Feihang in.
As a military fortress, White Emperor City's buildings were mainly for defense. Naturally, they were not beautiful or elegant.
After entering the city, they were not allowed to fly on their swords. Zhu Feihang used his Vital Essence to refine a small silver sword and supported Luo Zheng on it. Zhu Feihang and Zhu Qianning walked on foot.
Not long after, the three of them arrived at a low white building.
"Qianning, Luo Zheng's injuries are too serious. It's safest to find Xue Taiping, the miracle-working doctor in White Emperor City, to treat him. However, his price is extremely high!" Zhu Feihang reminded her.
Zhu Qianning pouted and said, "Second Uncle, no matter what price we have to pay, we have to save Luo Zheng. At worst, I'll sell the set of Taiyi Magic Needles given to me by my grandfather …"
"You can't do that!" Zhu Feihang suddenly looked shocked. The set of Taiyi Magic Needles was a very important family heirloom for the Family Zhu. Zhu Feihang wanted to get it but did not get it in the end. However, the head of the Family Zhu, Zhu Xianhe, loved his granddaughter very much. Later, he gave the set of Taiyi Magic Needles to Zhu Qianning.
"Can't you sell the Taiyi Magic Needles?" Zhu Qianning asked, pretending to be innocent.
"Of course not!" Zhu Feihang felt a little dizzy.
Zhu Qianning pouted again and said, "Alright, then I'll sell the Tianji Case …"
"That's even worse!" Zhu Feihang felt even more dizzy.
"What about the Fish Dragon Spitting Pearl? What about the Sky Star Double Hoops? And … "
When Zhu Feihang heard Zhu Qianning spit out a series of family heirlooms, he felt that he was not just dizzy anymore. He was going crazy!
He cursed his grandfather in his heart. He really spoiled Zhu Qianning too much. Why did he give all these things to Zhu Qianning?
Finally, Zhu Feihang interrupted Zhu Qianning and said, "Forget it, forget it. I'll pay for Luo Zheng's treatment!"
Hearing her Second Uncle's words, Zhu Qianning smiled slyly.
Then, Zhu Feihang knocked on the door of the white building. The person who opened the door was a middle-aged man with a crooked back. He had a moustache and a pair of small eyes that looked like a mouse's.
"Xue Taiping, I'm looking for you to save someone!" Zhu Feihang said angrily.
Xue Taiping's voice was very sharp. When he saw Zhu Feihang at the door, he laughed sinisterly and said, "It's you, Zhu Feihang. Didn't you say that you would never look for me again?"
There had been some conflicts between the two of them before.
The reason was that Xue Taiping was too greedy. Although his medical skills were high, the price he offered was also frightening.
Last time, Zhu Feihang brought a wounded comrade from the Asura Battlefield to Xue Taiping, and was ruthlessly slaughtered by him. Therefore, Zhu Feihang had always been very angry with Xue Taiping, and even gave him a four-word evaluation: Clever hands and ruthless heart!
Zhu Feihang also said that even if he died in the Shura Battlefield, he would never look for Xue Taiping for treatment.
"Can't I pay?" Zhu Feihang said in a muffled voice. He was very depressed. If it wasn't for Zhu Qianning, he wouldn't have bothered to look for this greedy guy.
Xue Taiping laughed again and said, "Of course it's fine as long as you have money. I've always only recognized money and not people. Of course, I won't hold a grudge against you. Hehe!"
Then, Xue Taiping invited the three of them into the house.