Xue Taiping leisurely walked over and looked at Luo Zheng, who was riddled with holes. He frowned and said, "This person has been pierced into a sieve by the bone spikes. So miserable!"
"If he wasn't so miserable, why would I look for you?" Zhu Feihang said angrily. If it was a normal injury, Zhu Feihang had several kinds of elixirs that could cure Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng only had a slim chance of survival now. Zhu Feihang had no choice but to be the scapegoat.
Xue Taiping stretched out his thick and short fingers and slowly pressed down on Luo Zheng's neck. At the same time, he carefully avoided the golden needles on Luo Zheng's body.
Xue Taiping's hand went all the way down and finally pressed on Luo Zheng's Dantian. His face suddenly changed.
"This kid's body … is very strange! I have diagnosed at least eight thousand people, if not ten thousand, but I have never seen such a body! "Xue Taiping said in surprise.
"Hehe, with the strength of a Half-step Xiantian, he was able to kill several Demon Generals by himself. If you say that this brat has nothing special, I won't believe it even if you beat me to death!" Zhu Feihang knew very well that those who were capable naturally had their own strengths.
Some people could practice special martial arts, some people had special magic weapons, and some people had special abilities.
The world was so big, and there were countless strange people and capable people. With Zhu Feihang and Xue Taiping's experience, they wouldn't make such a fuss. Zhu Feihang said again, "Xue Taiping, don't pretend. You just want to raise the price. I'm warning you, don't make such a big fuss!"
Xue Taiping, who was seen through by Zhu Feihang, smiled awkwardly and said, "I'm telling the truth. Look at this kid's meridians. Each of them is as hard as metal, as if they are not made of flesh and blood. Can you find a second person like him in this world?"
"Cut the crap, get to the point!" Zhu Feihang said angrily.
Xue Taiping nodded and said, "This person is only seriously injured. His five internal organs are destroyed, and his vitality is weak. I can save him, but the price is this!" Xue Taiping said and stretched out three fingers.
"Thirty square crystals?" Zhu Feihang asked.
"Hehe!" Xue Taiping sneered and said, "Three thousand!"
Zhu Feihang's red face turned even redder as he screamed, "Three Thousand Roots, just kill me!"
Xue Taiping waved his hand and said, "If you don't have that much, then take him away. I'm afraid that we won't be able to find a second person in White Emperor City who can treat him."
"Three thousand square crystals. I'll pay." Zhu Qianning, who had been silent all this time, spoke up.
"Forget it, forget it. Qian Ning, I promised you. How can I let you pay for it? Your second uncle can still afford it, "Zhu Feihang said in a muffled voice." Isn't it just three thousand cubic crystals? Take it as a meeting gift for my future son-in-law. "
Hearing Zhu Feihang's words, Zhu Qianning blushed and said angrily, "Second Uncle! What are you talking about! I've only known him for a day! "
Zhu Feihang chuckled and said, "So what if it's a day? I've never seen you so worried about anyone before. "
"Second Uncle, if you keep talking nonsense, I will ignore you!" Zhu Qianning said and turned her head away.
"Alright! Second Uncle is just joking. "Seeing that Zhu Qianning was angry, Zhu Feihang could only comfort her.
Xue Taiping waved his hand and said, "Since we've agreed on the price, you two can go out and wait. I'm going to treat this boy!"
After driving the two out, Xue Taiping had four different colored elixirs in his hand. He pushed the red one into Luo Zheng's mouth and then gently smashed the remaining three into powder. He mixed them together and sprinkled them on Luo Zheng's wounds one by one.
The powder formed by the elixirs was very magical. As soon as it landed on Luo Zheng's wounds, the rotten flesh on Luo Zheng's wounds fell off automatically. At the same time, new granulation began to grow. The granulation grew very quickly and soon joined together. After a while, the wounds caused by the Bone Spurs on Luo Zheng's body healed.
However, this only healed the surface. The real injury in Luo Zheng's eyes was inside his body.
Then, Xue Taiping reached out and started to remove the golden needles that Zhu Feihang had buried in Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, Luo Zheng's life was basically being protected by these golden needles. Therefore, every time Xue Taiping removed a golden needle, Luo Zheng's life would decrease by a little.
However, when Xue Taiping removed the golden needles, a blood-like True Yuan appeared in his hand and fiercely slapped Luo Zheng's acupuncture points.
As a result, Luo Zheng's chances of survival rose and fell in the span of a single strike …
After a while, Xue Taiping's head was covered in sweat.
Six hours later …
Xue Taiping walked out of the room.
Zhu Qianning hurriedly asked with concern, "Miracle Doctor Xue, how is Luo Zheng?"
Xue Taiping chuckled and said, "It's not some incurable disease. It's just a serious injury. He's fine now. I estimate that he'll be fine after resting for two more days!"
Luo Zheng's injury was just a serious injury. If he had a top-grade medicine like the "Red Cloud Pill" or the "Nine Revolutions Creation Pill" when he was dealing with the Demon General, he wouldn't even need Xue Taiping's treatment. He would be fine after eating the pill.
It was just that after a long time, Luo Zheng's life force gradually dissipated. That was why he had to rely on Xue Taiping's methods to restore Luo Zheng's life force.
Luo Zheng only felt that he had a big, empty dream.
When he woke up and regained his consciousness, he realized that he was lying on a bed.
He reached out and wiped his chest, only to realize that the wounds had already disappeared without a trace.
"I'm fine? Those wounds have all healed? " When Luo Zheng realized that his body was fine, he sat up and jumped off the bed to stretch his body.
He walked back and forth for dozens of steps. At the same time, he tried to circulate his True Qi. Only then did he make sure that his body was fine.
Although he had a big dream, Luo Zheng clearly remembered what happened before.
At that time, he was facing six Demon Generals alone. He was fighting with his life on the line. He used the Heavenly Devil True Qi to kill all the Demon Generals.
Even though Luo Zheng had a Spirit Tool Body, it was very difficult for him to recover after being seriously injured by the Demon General's bone spurs.
Before Luo Zheng's physical strength was exhausted and his consciousness gradually dissipated, he remembered that countless small silver swords fell from the sky. It was those small swords that pierced through the Demon General …
Now that he thought about it, that Inner Sect Disciple named Zhu Qianning should have been saved.
At this moment, the door of the room was opened. A woman in a lavender dress stood at the door. A thin and long golden hairpin was inserted into her hair bun. Her appearance was delicate and beautiful. For a moment, Luo Zheng was somewhat stunned.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" The woman smiled at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng blinked. Hearing her voice, Luo Zheng was sure. "You're Zhu Qianning?"
It was said that women were fickle. Previously, she was wearing a black Inner Sect Disciple robe. Now that she was dressed up, she was completely different.
Zhu Qianning smiled and said in a low voice, "Just call me Qianning!" Her expression was somewhat unnatural as she spoke. Until now, she had never taken the initiative to let a man call her so intimately.
"Qianning." Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't notice anything unusual.
"Where is this?" Luo Zheng looked out the window. The white buildings and the surrounding environment were very unfamiliar.
Zhu Qianning smiled and said, "Come with me!"
The two walked out of the room. On the way, Zhu Qianning told Luo Zheng, "This is White Emperor City!"
"White Emperor City, this is White Emperor City guarded by a million Emperor soldiers?" Luo Zheng turned his head and looked around. Although it was written in the book that White Emperor City was built with white dolomite, it was completely white and guarded the Asura Domain …
Luo Zheng originally had a rough impression of White Emperor City. He knew that White Emperor City was built with a type of "white dolomite" and was very magnificent.
But seeing was believing. Now that he saw it with his own eyes and saw the white buildings, he was quite shocked.
Seeing Luo Zheng's astonished expression, Zhu Qianning covered her mouth and secretly laughed. Then she took the initiative to pull Luo Zheng. After taking a turn on the road ahead, they arrived at the top of White Emperor City.
White Emperor City was built on top of a mountain. As a military stronghold, the entire city was very flat. The city walls were built using the natural drop formed by the mountain. Therefore, standing on the city walls was equivalent to standing on top of a mountain.
At this moment, looking into the distance, Luo Zheng could see the scenes in the distance. Luo Zheng's eyes widened even more.
"This is the Asura Battlefield!" Luo Zheng said softly.
In the distance, there was a black crack that split heaven and earth. It stood there in a strange way, and lightning constantly lingered around the crack.
It was said that this crack was opened by a powerful expert of the Demon Race, and it opened up the fence between two spaces.
For a period of time, the Human Race had almost slaughtered all the Demon Race that came out of the crack. They killed their way to the end of the crack, but the Human Race was somewhat helpless in the face of this spatial crack.
No one knew how to repair this spatial crack.
And as long as this spatial crack was not repaired, the Demon Race and zombies would always be a hidden danger to the Human Race.
Not far from White Emperor City, there was a vast expanse of land that was covered in darkness. These were the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals that had gathered together!
The Imperial Army of White Emperor City fought with the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals all day long to resist the invasion of the Demon Race.
"It's said that White Emperor City is impregnable. As long as it's a Demon General, it won't be able to pass through. Why would there be Demon Generals in the Canopy Forest?" Luo Zheng asked.
Zhu Qianning said, "Look, the two Universe Pagodas in the distance have already been lost. Those Demon Generals took advantage of the two pagodas to sneak into the forest …"
"It seems that White Emperor City is in trouble?" Luo Zheng looked at the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals gathering together and asked.
Zhu Qianning nodded and said, "It's more than trouble. My Second Uncle said that this time, the Demon Race sent four Demon Kings! This has never happened before in the history of the Demon Race. It's very likely that they want to take down the entire White Emperor City in one fell swoop! "
If White Emperor City was lost, then the Demon Race's path would be smooth. The Demon Race's army could flatten everything along the way and directly invade the Burning Sky Imperial City!
Seeing Luo Zheng's worried appearance, Zhu Qianning smiled and said, "You seem to be very worried?"
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "What do I have to worry about? If the sky falls, there will naturally be tall people to hold it up. Although the Demon Kings are powerful, our Eastern Region Human Race isn't weak either! "
Luo Zheng's thoughts weren't unreasonable. Although the Demon Race had gathered an unprecedented army, the Burning Sky Empire had also sent many experts to guard the city. White Emperor City had been stationed here for so many years, and it wasn't the first time it had faced such a big crisis. Every time, it had safely passed through it. Presumably, this time would be no exception.
"Right, we left the Canopy Forest. What about the other disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect?" Compared to the safety of White Emperor City, Luo Zheng was more concerned about the safety of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples.
"Don't worry. Because of the appearance of the Demon King in the Canopy Forest, White Emperor City has already sent people to pick up the people from the Canopy Forest. I'll take you to see them!"
After a while, Zhu Qianning brought Luo Zheng to the temporary residence of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. It was a spacious military camp. After Luo Zheng entered, he immediately saw Lin Geng, Hao Shige, and the others.
"Luo Zheng! Are you okay? "Lin Geng's eyes lit up when he saw Luo Zheng.
They already knew that Luo Zheng had survived. However, Luo Zheng had been recuperating for the past two days. They were also very concerned about Luo Zheng's recovery.
Luo Zheng shrugged and said with a smile, "Do I look like I'm not okay?"
At this time, Zhu Tianlai and the others from the Lone Sky Peak also came over. Obviously, they were very concerned about Luo Zheng.
Everyone surrounded Luo Zheng and chatted for a while. Luo Zheng already knew that the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples had suffered heavy losses in the Demon Slaying Trial.
Almost every mountain had suffered casualties. The Black Rock Peak suffered the most. In order to protect the Jade Maiden Peak's disciples, ten Black Rock Peak disciples were completely annihilated. Other than the Black Rock Peak, the disciples from the other three peaks also died at the hands of the Demon Generals.
Just as everyone was discussing, a few disciples from the Heavenly Fury Peak walked in from outside the military camp.
When Xiao Yufeng and the Jade Maiden Peak's disciples from the Lone Sky Peak saw the people from the Heavenly Fury Peak, their faces darkened.
When Luo Zheng went to kill the Demon Generals, they had a conflict with the Heavenly Fury Peak.
At that time, the people from the Heavenly Fury Peak thought that they were no match for the Lone Sky Peak, so they stopped.
However, after entering the White Emperor City, the leader of the Heavenly Fury Peak, Zhuge Ye, suddenly became arrogant. It was said that Zhuge Ye's brother was a member of the White Emperor Army and held an important position in the White Emperor City!
At this moment, when Zhuge Ye saw Luo Zheng, he revealed a sinister smile and walked towards Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝