"Luo Zheng, you're really lucky. You're still alive after falling into the hands of a Daemon General!" Zhuge Ye said loudly with a mocking smile on his face.
Most of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were settled in White Emperor City, waiting for the Blue Cloud Sect to send people to pick them up. They had all escaped death, so they were all glad that they had a new lease on life. All the disciples in the barracks were very harmonious, and there were no disputes. However, Zhuge Ye's voice broke this harmonious silence, and it was very unpleasant to the ears.
"Zhuge Ye, you've been obedient for a day in Canopy Forest, and now you're in White Emperor City. Do you think you're so arrogant now that you have someone to protect you?" Before Luo Zheng could speak, Zhu Tianlai and Lin Geng were already standing in front of Luo Zheng. Zhu Tianlai took the initiative to speak.
Zhuge Ye said disdainfully, "Zhu Tianlai, White Emperor City is my territory. Your strength is nothing here. I advise you to mind your own business!"
Zhu Tianlai was about to retort, but Luo Zheng stopped him. At the same time, he stood in front of Zhu Tianlai and said indifferently to Zhuge Ye, "I'm in a good mood today. I'll give you a chance. Scram!"
Zhuge Ye was stunned. He could do whatever he wanted in White Emperor City with his identity as the elder brother. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so unyielding, and didn't put him in his eyes at all. Zhuge Ye suddenly felt his face burning. "Luo Zheng, you really think you can do whatever you want just because you can kill a Daemon General? There are countless enchanting geniuses in this world. You don't have the right to ask me to scram! "
"I don't know if Luo Zheng has the right, but I know that you definitely don't have the right!" At this moment, all the disciples suddenly felt a murderous aura. They looked towards the source of the voice.
They saw a graceful woman holding an inconspicuous jade box facing Zhuge Ye. That person was Zhu Qianning.
Zhuge Ye was stunned. Other people might not know how terrifying Family Zhu's hidden weapons were, but as one of the seven noble families, Zhuge Ye knew very well how powerful the small jade box in Zhu Qianning's hand was!
If he really allowed Zhu Qianning to trigger the mechanism on the jade box, he was afraid that he would be blasted into powder by the "frightening dragon" inside!
For a moment, Zhuge Ye stood there, not daring to move at all. At the same time, he was secretly alarmed. Was this girl crazy?! Even if I provoke Luo Zheng, what does it have to do with Zhu Qianning? As for wanting to take someone's life right from the start?
"Zhu Qianning, what do you mean?" Zhuge Ye's face turned red and white as he spoke.
"Luo Zheng told you to scram, so you should scram. Do you think I don't dare to trigger this' Frightening Dragon '?" Zhu Qianning's finger was already on the mechanism on the jade box. As long as she exerted a little force, the 'frightening dragon' bound in the jade box would be released!
Seeing this, Zhuge Ye hurriedly took a few steps back. "Zhu Qianning, don't be rash. Our Family Zhuge is not afraid of your Family Zhu. My brother is …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng extended his hand and blocked Zhu Qianning. "Qianning, put away the jade box. I will handle this matter myself."
Zhu Qianning tilted her head and smiled at Luo Zheng with her beautiful face. She obediently put away the jade box.
Then, Luo Zheng slowly walked in front of Zhuge Ye and said, "I will give you one last chance. Scram from the military camp!"
The most important thing for a descendant of a landowning household was their face. They were most afraid of losing face in front of others. Previously, when he heard that Luo Zheng killed a Demon General by himself, he was naturally afraid of him.
But now that he saw that Luo Zheng had just recovered, he might not be as strong as he imagined. At this moment, he didn't want to give in. Moreover, his brother was in the city. What was there to be afraid of?
If he really wanted to be afraid, the only person he was afraid of was Zhu Qianning.
This little girl was incredible. Her position in the Family Zhu was extremely high. If he was really injured or even killed by Zhu Qianning … the Family Zhu would protect Zhu Qianning. Although Zhuge Ye was a direct descendant of the family, he was really weak. In terms of position, he was far inferior to his own brother, Zhuge Qingyun and Zhuge Feng!
Thinking of this, Zhuge Ye's heart calmed down. His confidence increased. "What if I don't scram?"
"You don't want to get lost, do you?" Luo Zheng moved as soon as he finished speaking.
"Slap!"
Luo Zheng approached Zhuge Ye at a strange speed and heavily slapped Zhuge Ye's face.
Luo Zheng had already checked the doctor's medical skills. The doctor's medical skills were very high. Not to mention, this injury was only a physical injury.
As long as he didn't die, Luo Zheng's spiritual body would recover ten times faster than an ordinary person. At this moment, Luo Zheng's body had just recovered and his body had already reached its peak state.
Zhuge Ye was a noble descendant of a landowning household. When had he ever been slapped in front of his face? His face was red and Zhen Yuan was flickering all over his body. It seemed that he was about to explode.
However, Luo Zheng's control of the rhythm was extremely good. Just as Zhuge Ye was condensing his Quintessential Essence, Luo Zheng kicked Zhuge Ye's Dantian and forcibly scattered his Quintessential Essence.
"Slap! Are you going to scram or not? "
After kicking Zhuge Ye, Luo Zheng slapped Zhuge Ye and asked in a deep voice.
It was reasonable to say that Zhuge Ye was also a master of Xiantian fifth stage and his strength should not be so weak. He was just slapped in the face and did not even have the strength to fight back. This was the biggest joke in the world.
Unfortunately, he was completely stunned by the slap!
At this moment, Zhuge Ye's mind was blank and his conditioned reflex was to revolve his Zhen Yuan and use his power technique to kill Luo Zheng.
He had already forgotten to dodge and to fight back. He was constantly trying to extract Zhen Yuan from his dantian.
However, every time he tried to extract Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng would kick him again and scatter his condensed Zhen Yuan … …
"Slap! Are you going to scram or not? "
Luo Zheng asked every time he slapped Zhuge Ye.
He asked more than a dozen questions in a row and did not wait for Zhuge Ye to answer. Instead, he slapped him more than a dozen times.
How powerful was Luo Zheng's strength?
He had held back seventy percent of his strength. If Luo Zheng had used his full strength, perhaps Zhuge Ye's head would have been chopped off with one slap.
At this moment, Zhuge Ye's face was swollen like a pig's head. His originally handsome face was badly mutilated and it was difficult to distinguish his original appearance.
The disciples of Tian 'Nu peak behind Zhuge Ye originally wanted to come up and help, but Lin Geng, Zhu Tianlai, and a few others also stepped forward bravely and blocked in front of Luo Zheng. If a fight broke out, the disciples of Tian' Nu peak were not Zhu Tianlai's match. Moreover, Xiao Yufeng, Tian 'yi peak, and even the female disciples of Jade Maiden peak were watching covetously from the side.
"Slap! Are you going to scram or not? "Luo Zheng continued to slap Zhuge Ye.
Zhuge Ye was on the verge of collapse. At this moment, he finally became well-behaved and nodded like a chicken pecking rice: "Don't hit me, I'll scram, I'll scram!"
He no longer cared about condensing his Zhen Yuan. Enduring the intense pain on his cheeks, he left with his disciples of Tian 'Nu peak dejectedly.
"This Zhuge Ye clearly knows that his strength is not as good as Luo Zheng, but he still came to humiliate himself!" Lin Geng laughed.
Although Luo Zheng was still a half-step Xiantian, the Xiantian lifeforms present had basically forgotten this fact. They only thought that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond theirs.
Zhu Tianlai frowned and said: "Zhuge Ye's brother is a strategist in the Imperial Army. If we let him leave like this, he will definitely find someone to take revenge."
After all, this was not the Blue Cloud Sect, but White Emperor City. If Zhuge Ye had the intention to let his brother take revenge, it would be very troublesome.
The Family Zhuge wasn't the strongest among the seven noble families, but it was the most resourceful. They were good at the art of war and crafty, and they could set up eight formations of surprise troops.
Zhuge Ye's brother, Zhuge Qingyun, wasn't very strong. He was only at Xiantian Sixth Stage. In terms of strength, he wasn't considered outstanding in the Imperial Army. After all, White Emperor City was filled with talents and experts.
However, Zhuge Qingyun relied on his extremely smart brain and managed to get the position of a strategist in White Emperor City.
Although Zhuge Qingyun was qualified for this position, it was largely due to the Zhuge Clan's contribution in the background. However, Zhuge Qingyun's own performance was equally important. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to stand firm on the Asura Battlefield.
Everyone discussed for a while and reminded Luo Zheng to be careful of Zhuge Qingyun.
Luo Zheng looked at everyone and smiled indifferently. He looked calm on the surface and even comforted everyone. However, everyone was still worried in their hearts. After all, the Imperial Army was different from the Blue Cloud Sect. Most of the time, the Imperial Army wasn't as reasonable.
Zhu Qianning stood not far away. Her pair of charming eyes were secretly staring at Luo Zheng. She secretly made up her mind that no matter who wanted to harm Luo Zheng, she would do her best to stop them!
Just when everyone was talking about when they would be able to return to the Blue Cloud Sect, they suddenly heard a muffled sound.
That muffled sound wasn't loud, but it seemed to come from deep underground.
Then, everyone felt the floor under their feet start to tremble.
"The demon race is attacking the city!"