Luo Zheng led the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and climbed up the stairs to a rooftop in the military camp. The scene that unfolded before their eyes immediately shocked everyone.
The sky that was originally clear and boundless had already changed color at this moment.
Looking from afar, the top of the city wall was filled with Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals. They were surging over like a tide.
In the sky, there were black human-shaped Demon Birds with huge wings. These Demon Birds were holding large black bows and constantly shooting arrows from the sky.
Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals were hanging from the feet of these Demon Birds. When these Demon Birds reached the top of White Emperor City, they opened their feet and released the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals.
These Demon Birds, Demon Generals, and Demon Soldiers were not the main force of this war. Compared to the truly powerful existences of the Demon Race, they were only considered cannon fodder.
Because of the existence of the Universe and Kun Pagodas, the war had not been able to topple White Emperor City for many years. After the Universe and Kun Pagodas were destroyed by the Demon Race this time, they actually planned a second attack in such a short period of time. Moreover, this attack was directed at White Emperor City!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Several Demon Birds discovered the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect standing on the rooftop and continuously shot arrows in their direction.
The black arrows were like raindrops, covering Luo Zheng's group.
The arrows of the Demon Birds were not considered fierce. Faced with these arrows, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect used their own abilities to block them.
Luo Zheng's method was the most direct. He waited until the arrows were close to him before he stretched out his finger and lightly pointed at them. Under the pressure of Luo Zheng's enormous strength, the arrows were directly shattered into pieces.
As for Lin Geng, he used his treasured sword to brandish countless silver sword lights. These silver lights formed a light screen in front of him. All the arrows that were shot at Lin Geng were cut into pieces by his silver sword lights.
On the other side, Zhu Tianlai had already grasped his black and white swords in his hands. The black and white swords continuously slashed out black and white sword intent.
Not only did Zhu Tianlai block all the arrows, but the black and white sword intent from his black and white swords soared into the sky and slashed at the demon birds. Unfortunately, those demon birds maintained a relatively high altitude. By the time the dual-colored sword intent shot up into the sky, those demon birds had already dodged.
Apart from the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples, the White Emperor City's Imperial Army also launched a frenzied counterattack.
In comparison, the Imperial Army's counterattack was more aggressive and effective.
Fire God Crossbows were pushed out from the streets of White Emperor City by the Imperial Army.
These Vulcan Crossbows were also made by the Jinzhen Family Zhu. Later on, they were popularized throughout the Imperial Army and became the best weapon to defend the city.
On a rooftop not far from Luo Zheng, three soldiers of the Emperor's Army set up brightly colored Vulcan crossbows. Two of them placed a long crossbow bolt on top of the crossbow. One of them frantically shook the mechanism on top of the crossbow, pulling the bowstring to the extreme.
Buzz!
The bowstring suddenly loosened, shooting the powerful crossbow bolt into the sky.
Bang!
When the crossbow bolt hit one of the Demon Birds, it instantly burst into flames. The crossbow bolt and the Demon Bird turned into a huge ball of fire. A mournful cry came from the ball of fire, and then the ball of fire kept falling to the ground.
The Vulcan Crossbows were constantly shooting into the sky. It was as if someone was setting off fireworks in the sky, and huge fireballs exploded one after another.
Those demon birds also fought back with all their might. They threw the demon soldiers and demon generals hanging on their bodies at the Vulcan Crossbows with great precision.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a black shadow suddenly fall from the sky, smashing a hole in the rooftop opposite him. Then, a tall figure jumped out of the hole. It was a demon general. The moment the demon general jumped out, it saw the Vulcan Crossbows not far away and the three soldiers of the Imperial Army who were preparing to set the crossbow bolt. Its mission was to destroy the Vulcan Crossbows.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect also noticed the demon general. However, other than Zhu Tianlai, the others were far from being a match for the demon general. For a moment, no one dared to go over.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng lightly bit the broken flying knife and jumped from rooftop to rooftop.
When the three soldiers of the Imperial Army saw the demon general, their faces immediately turned green.
These three soldiers of the Imperial Army were the most ordinary soldiers. Their strength was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. When encountering demon soldiers, they could resist for a while with all their strength. However, when facing a demon general, they could only wait to be slaughtered.
However, according to military orders, they could not retreat a single step. There was a saying among them, "As long as the person remains, the crossbow will remain."
If they gave up on the Vulcan Crossbows and ran for their lives, what awaited them was an even more cruel punishment. Moreover, the Imperial Army's sense of honor did not allow them to escape.
Facing the demon general, two of the soldiers continued to busy themselves beside the Vulcan Crossbows. Meanwhile, one of the soldiers drew his military knife and faced the demon general.
Even a praying mantis had the courage to stop the carriage. These soldiers of the Emperor had been fighting against the monster race in White Emperor City all year round. Even if they were in the Marrow Refining Realm, they could still resist the dense monster qi and control their fear. They could even draw their blades against a monster general.
The Daemon General didn't put the soldier in front of him in his eyes at all. He walked straight towards the Vulcan Crossbow. The moment he passed by the soldier, he just waved his thick and solid arm and slapped the soldier away with a slap.
The immense strength directly smashed the soldier into mincemeat!
Following that, it continued to advance towards the Vulcan Crossbows.
The remaining two soldiers used their fastest speed to set up a crossbow bolt and shot it towards the demon bird in the sky. A demon bird and a demon general were turned into balls of fire. However, the two soldiers knew that they would meet their deaths just like the other soldier.
Just as the demon general was about to wave its hand and tear the two soldiers to pieces, it suddenly felt an extremely dangerous killing intent coming from behind.
When the demon general turned its head, it discovered that the killing intent had vanished without a trace.
When the demon general turned its head again, there was a shiny throwing knife in front of it!
The demon general wanted to dodge, but it was already too late. Therefore, it extended its hand to block the throwing knife. With its thick skin and thick flesh, ordinary weapons were unable to harm it.
However, when the throwing knife struck its hand, the demon general realized how foolish and absurd its thoughts were. The throwing knife's sharpness far exceeded its imagination.
Its tough and strong arm could not stop the throwing knife at all. Instead, its entire arm was sliced apart from the middle by the throwing knife.
After the broken throwing knife sliced through the demon general's arm, it continued towards the demon general's head.
"Puah!"
The Fey General's ugly head was directly sliced into two by the broken flying dagger. The Fey General's massive body fell limply to the ground. Its ugly eyes were still trembling at the moment before its death, indicating that the Fey General was extremely shocked before its death.
After retrieving the broken throwing knife, Luo Zheng smiled and nodded at the two soldiers.
The two soldiers had escaped death, and they looked at Luo Zheng with extremely grateful gazes. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng making a move, the two of them would have been obliterated just like before, and they would have been smashed into a pile of pieces by the demon general.
Besides Luo Zheng, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect also joined the battle. Of course, with their strength, they did not dare to find trouble with the demon general, but killing the demon soldiers was not a problem.
The scale of this battle was not large. After the first wave of attacks, the demon army suddenly retreated hastily. Other than leaving behind a pile of demon corpses, the demon army did not manage to gain any advantages.
As for White Emperor City, other than losing several dozen Vulcan crossbows and the lives of a few ordinary soldiers, it had suffered almost no losses.
Although the demon army had been repelled, everyone was still faintly worried.
This attack was very likely to be a test by the demon army. Next, the demon army would launch a large-scale attack on the city.
"We need to leave White Emperor City as soon as possible!" another Blue Cloud Sect disciple said after returning to the barracks.
"That's right. The demon army's attack this time was only a small-scale attack. Once the demon army launches a full-scale attack, the experts overseeing White Emperor City will not have the time to care about us," another Blue Cloud Sect disciple said.
People always sought advantages and avoided disadvantages.
The Blue Cloud Sect disciples were not the imperial army. They indeed had no obligation to remain in White Emperor City.
Even though White Emperor City had been impregnable for so many years, it had never been completely breached.
However, once the demon army launched a full-scale attack, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples would not even have a place to hide. In the end, only death awaited them.
"Didn't the Blue Cloud Sect reply that they would soon send a giant Flying Chariot to pick us up?" a Blue Cloud Sect disciple said.
"Who knows? Perhaps the giant Flying Chariot did not dare to come because of the demon army's attack?" someone guessed.
In fact, that person had guessed correctly.
It was precisely because of the demon army's large-scale attack that the Blue Cloud Sect's giant Flying Chariot was unable to come over.
Ever since the Two Universe Pagodas were attacked by the demon army, a flock of demon birds led demon soldiers and demon generals to the rear of White Emperor City.
In fact, the Blue Cloud Sect had already sent a giant Flying Chariot. However, the first giant Flying Chariot was besieged by demon birds and eventually crashed. The second giant Flying Chariot was also intercepted halfway.
The construction of a giant Flying Chariot was not cheap. After losing two giant Flying Chariots, the Blue Cloud Sect finally decided to wait until the demon army retreated before sending people to pick up the Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
"Even if the Blue Cloud Sect doesn't send people to pick us up, we can just walk on our own. Can't we just avoid the demon army?" another disciple suggested.
That disciple's suggestion was quickly approved by the majority.
In White Emperor City, they could not determine the outcome of the battle. Once the demon army launched a large-scale attack, it was impossible for the imperial army to arrange for someone to protect the Blue Cloud Sect disciples alone.
If only one or two demon generals landed near the Blue Cloud Sect disciples, the situation would be fine. At the very least, Zhu Tianlai and Luo Zheng would be able to handle it.
However, if a large group of demon generals charged over, who could stop them?
In an even more extreme case, if a demon king attacked, it could instantly kill everyone present! With the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's inner sect disciples, they were clearly too weak in such a huge battle.
While everyone was discussing, the sound of orderly footsteps suddenly came from the door.
A row of imperial soldiers stood at the door.