Luo Zheng, who was standing in the crowd, stared at the high-ranking officer. This high-ranking officer looked very strange, and Luo Zheng had never seen him before.
"Why don't I have to leave? Who are you? "Luo Zheng asked in a deep voice. The opposite party had come for him, and most likely, it was not a good thing.
At this time, a person, who had wrapped his head tightly in gauze, came out from the side and said to Luo Zheng: "Luo Zheng, I said that you will die a horrible death. Do you think you can still escape?"
Although this person was wrapped in gauze and only his eyes were exposed, Luo Zheng still recognized him from his voice. Before the demon race had attacked the city, Luo Zheng had crazily slapped Zhuge Ye in the face.
"Oh, so it's Zhuge Ye. Why? Did you really bring your brother here? " Luo Zheng asked casually, but the throwing knife in his hand was already in the air. The strength of the high-ranking officer in front of him was not bad, not to mention, there were two soldiers beside him.
These two soldiers should also be at Xiantian sixth stage, but from the murderous aura they were exuding, their strength could not be underestimated.
Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond the realm, so he would not judge the strength of the opposite party only by the realm.
"I am Zhuge Qingyun. I have heard from my younger brother about you. It is said that you have offended many people in our Family Zhuge. First, it was Zhuge Hong, then Zhuge Feng, and now you beat Zhuge Ye? There are not many people who dare to offend my Family Zhuge. Today, you have come to White Emperor City, so I naturally have to treat you well. My advice is that you had better break your own arms, then put on this chain and obediently come with me. Otherwise … I am afraid your end will be even more miserable! " Finished speaking, Zhuge Qingyun took out a chain and threw it on the ground. Obviously, this chain was used to tie up criminals.
"Break my own arms?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and suddenly burst into laughter, as if he had just heard an extremely ironic joke. Then he said, "You're just a counselor. As an Imperial Army soldier, can you really do whatever you want in White Emperor City?"
"As a strategist of the Imperial Army, it is naturally impossible for me to disregard military orders. However, if I am dealing with a few commoners, I believe that no one would dare to gossip about me. At least for you, if I kill you, then so be it. Who would dare to say 'no' to me?" Zhuge Qingyun waved his hand and said.
Luo Zheng held the flying dagger horizontally and sneered, "Since that's the case, you can try and see if you can kill me!"
On this side, Luo Zheng assumed a fighting stance. Xiao Yufeng and the disciples of Tianyi Peak pulled out their weapons one after another and stood on both sides of Luo Zheng.
"You still dare to side with Luo Zheng? Aren't you afraid of death? " Zhuge Qingyun was a little surprised that these people actually dared to stand on the same battle line as Luo Zheng. He didn't expect for Luo Zheng to actually have such a cohesive force.
Furthermore, when others encountered his Family Zhuge's matters, who would dare to casually get involved? He had overestimated his own clan's deterrence, which was why his expression was a little unsightly.
Zhu Tianlai's black and white dual swords were already unsheathed as he spoke faintly, "It is said that the Zhuge Noble Clan is extremely intelligent. Why is it that along the way, the people with the Zhuge surname that I have encountered aren't intelligent but rather stupid?"
"What do you mean?" Zhuge Qingyun asked.
"It might not be too troublesome for you to kill Luo Zheng alone. You might be able to kill him in the early stages. Furthermore, there are so many of us, and you intend to kill all of us? How are you going to explain to the Blue Cloud Sect? If the Blue Cloud Sect were to hold the Imperial Army accountable, you are just a puny counselor. Do you really think that with the protection of your Family Zhuge, you will be safe and sound? "Zhu Tianlai shook his head as though he couldn't understand Zhuge Qingyun's intelligence.
When Zhu Tianlai spoke, Zhuge Qingyun's imposing manner instantly weakened.
He really didn't expect the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect to be so united.
Zhuge Qingyun thought for a moment and suddenly spoke with a sinister tone, "Didn't you want to evacuate White Thearch City? Now that the demon race is surrounding the city, it won't be easy for you to leave unscathed. I can send people to escort you out! If you wish to leave, you can come over here! "
Zhuge Qingyun's words immediately tempted all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
After all, the Blue Cloud Sect had 33 mountain peaks, and the disciples of the other mountain peaks weren't related to Luo Zheng. They naturally couldn't be bothered to get involved in the Family Zhuge matters. It was just that when Lone Sky Peak's Zhu Tianlai took the lead and stood on Luo Zheng's side, they didn't say anything.
Now that Zhuge Qingyun had promised to escort them down the mountain, they were naturally tempted.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect walked over one by one. Soon enough, Luo Zheng's side was only left with the disciples of the Heaven's Fury Peak, Xiao Yufeng's group, Zhu Qianning, and the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak.
Seeing the people on Luo Zheng's side disappearing one by one, Zhuge Qingyun's smile intensified as he spoke with delight, "Apart from Luo Zheng, everyone else can leave. I believe that as long as they aren't fools, they should know how to make the choice!"
Just as Zhuge Qingyun's voice faded, he saw a flash of light coming from the hands of a female disciple behind Luo Zheng.
That flash of light rapidly converged into a dragon-shaped quintessence, which then rushed towards Zhuge Qingyun with incomparable prowess.
"Roar!"
At this moment, Zhuge Qingyun felt the threat of death as a chill rose up from his spine. He immediately leaped and forcefully dodged that dragon.
The Startling Dragon rushed forward and finally crashed into a house behind Zhuge Qingyun. The entire house instantly collapsed under the impact of the Startling Dragon.
"Rumble!"
When the house collapsed, the entire ground was filled with smoke and dust.
Zhuge Qingyun's expression was unsightly, and so was the group of soldiers that he brought with him.
Zhuge Ye's face was wrapped in gauze, and his expression couldn't be seen. However, from his eyes, it was obvious that his expression wasn't any better.
"Dragon Shock? She is from the Family Zhu! "Zhuge Qingyun glared at Zhu Qianning with a vicious expression.
Zhu Qianning had a calm expression and even had a trace of mockery. However, she didn't say anything and continued to stand beside Luo Zheng. As long as she stood behind him, Zhu Qianning would feel a sense of security from the bottom of her heart.
The descendants of landowning clans rarely had any grudges as they understood each other's clan's strength. As a descendant of a landowning clan, they would normally be cautious when they encountered other landowning clans.
However, that woman from the Family Zhu was actually so unreasonable. He, Zhuge Qingyun, didn't even intend to make a move, and that woman actually dared to release the "Dragon Shock" to deal with him. She was simply trying to take his life!
Zhuge Qingyun was already extremely furious. "I don't care who you are from the Family Zhu. You are going to die today. No, I will let you serve my army brothers first before killing you! Ge Lun, Ge Clan, attack! I suspect that there are demons hiding here. Kill anyone who resists without mercy! "
Hearing Zhuge Qingyun's words, Luo Zheng's expression was very calm. However, in the depths of his eyes, a deep killing intent finally emerged.
Luo Zheng was only a little afraid of Zhuge Qingyun and the group of people that he brought along, but it was far from being afraid.
After all, the other party had the identity of a soldier, and they were in White Emperor City.
If he had a choice, Luo Zheng wouldn't be willing to make a move against the other party. For example, Zhu Tianlai had used the Blue Cloud Sect to suppress Zhuge Qingyun, which made him a little afraid.
However, Zhuge Qingyun's words had already reached such a stage. There was no turning back today!
Anyone who understood Luo Zheng knew that the calmer he was, the deeper the anger that was hidden in his heart.
Luo Zheng gently took a step forward. His gait was very steady, as though he was taking a stroll in a courtyard.
Just as his right foot touched the ground, the power of over a hundred dragon scales in the depths of his sea of consciousness suddenly erupted!
The tip of his right foot lightly touched the ground and turned Luo Zheng's foot upside down, causing an extremely terrifying force to touch the ground.
"Pa!"
With the tip of Luo Zheng's foot as the center, the hard ground began to crack. These cracks rapidly spread and covered the entire room's ground. These cracks even spread to the walls, beams, and even the roof of the room.
Relying on this enormous thrust, Luo Zheng was like an arrow that left the bow as he shot towards Zhuge Qingyun!
The two bodyguards beside Zhuge Qingyun had the fastest reaction. When they saw Luo Zheng's sudden burst of power and speed, their expressions slightly changed.
However, he was only a Half-step Xiantian. No matter how strong he was, there was a limit to his strength. After the two bodyguards exchanged glances, they were like two doors blocking in front of Luo Zheng.
Facing Luo Zheng's ferocious momentum, the two bodyguards didn't dare to be negligent. They circulated all the True Essence in their body and used it to condense two earth-yellow shields.
These two bodyguards had been on the battlefield for a long time and didn't cultivate any fancy martial arts. The earth-yellow shields they condensed with their True Essence looked unremarkable, but they were able to resist the attack of a Demon General.
'It should be more than enough to block this brat, right? With this brat's speed, just the recoil will be enough to make him suffer! 'The two bodyguards had the same thought.
"Get out of my way!"
When Luo Zheng arrived in front of them, he brandished his fists and smashed them towards the earth-yellow shields condensed by the two bodyguards.
Luo Zheng's fists sunk deeply into the thick earth-yellow shields. These two shields were three inches thick. Because they were formed from True Essence, they had intentionally lowered their hardness. This way, they could effectively dissolve most of the force.
These True Essence Shields were indeed effective!
Even though Luo Zheng had borrowed all the energy from the dragon scales in his mind, he still wasn't able to shatter the shields.
However …
When he realized that his strength couldn't shatter the True Essence Shields, Luo Zheng's fists emitted two strands of Heavenly Demon True Qi.
When the Heavenly Demon True Qi poured into the True Essence Shields, it was like pouring cold water into boiling oil. The Heavenly Demon True Qi quickly engulfed and transformed the two shields!
The two bodyguards' complexion changed greatly. They knew that the situation wasn't good and quickly let go. Only God knew if the purplish-black True Qi would engulf their bodies.
Their instincts from fighting on the battlefield all year round saved them. If they didn't let go, the Heavenly Demon True Qi would quickly engulf their bodies.
However, after losing the protection of the True Essence Shields, the two bodyguards had to face Luo Zheng's fists directly!
"Bang! Bang!"
Luo Zheng's fists smashed onto the two bodyguards' chests. The two bodyguards were like kites with their strings cut as they flew out.
When he punched, Luo Zheng held back. After all, the two bodyguards were only following Zhuge Qingyun's orders. They didn't commit any major mistakes and wouldn't take their lives.
After the two bodyguards were sent flying by Luo Zheng, there was no longer any obstruction between Zhuge Qingyun and Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Zhuge Qingyun's complexion was extremely marvelous!
Although he was also a martial artist and was at Xiantian Stage Six, he relied on elixirs to cultivate his cultivation. His personal strength wasn't considered valiant. His forte lay in his strategy and art of war!
However, he was very clear about the strength of the two bodyguards by his side. When the two of them worked together, they had once fought against four Daemon Generals!
However, these two bodyguards weren't able to block a single attack from Luo Zheng!
When Zhuge Ye told Luo Zheng about the situation, he had repeatedly mentioned that he must not treat Luo Zheng as a Half-step Xiantian.
Therefore, Zhuge Qingyun rushed over with his two bodyguards.
However, Luo Zheng's strength was still beyond Zhuge Qingyun's expectations …
At this moment, the only thing Zhuge Qingyun could do was to retreat!
Zhuge Qingyun retreated extremely quickly. At the same time, tiny Willow Leaf Darts were shot out from his body!
Luo Zheng didn't even put those Willow Leaf Darts in his eyes. He allowed them to hit his body as he charged towards Zhuge Qingyun.
＝＝＝＝＝