With one chasing and the other retreating, the two of them left the barracks and arrived at the street outside.
When facing Luo Zheng's pursuit, Zhuge Qingyun used all the methods he could.
Seeing that the Willow Leaf Darts were ineffective against Luo Zheng, he took out a brown talisman.
"Ding Jiabing!"
Zhuge Qingyun tossed out the paper talisman, which instantly combusted. A soldier wearing rattan armor appeared in front of him and immediately slashed at Luo Zheng with his saber.
"Break for me!"
Luo Zheng punched again and turned the Ding Jiabing into nothingness. He then waved his fist and chased after Zhuge Qingyun.
Seeing this, Zhuge Qingyun clenched his teeth and crushed a pendant in front of his chest.
This pendant was a family heirloom of the Family Zhuge. It was bestowed to him by his family after he became a strategist of the Imperial Army. It was said that it could save his life at a crucial moment.
When the pendant was crushed by Zhuge Qingyun, a light blue circular light screen appeared around Zhuge Qingyun.
"Break!"
Luo Zheng smashed his fist on the light screen.
The light screen shook a few times and returned to its original state.
"So hard?"
To be able to block Luo Zheng's astonishing strength, this light screen was indeed very strange. After all, it was a family heirloom of the Family Zhuge.
"Pong, Pong, Pong, Pong, Pong, Pong!"
Luo Zheng smashed over a dozen punches. Although the light screen was shaking violently, he was still unable to break the light screen.
Seeing this, Zhuge Qingyun let out a breath of relief. As long as he persisted for a while, someone would come and save him. This was the White Emperor City, and he was a strategist of the Imperial Army! How could he allow this guy to behave so atrociously?! Zhuge Qingyun sneered and said, "Don't even think of breaking it. This is a supreme treasure, the Nine Chi Spectroscope. Once it is released, even a Divine Reflection Realm expert would not be able to break it in a short period of time!"
After trying for a while, Luo Zheng found that his brute force really couldn't break the light curtain. A trace of Heavenly Devil True Energy jumped out of his hand. He gently patted the light curtain and injected the Heavenly Devil True Energy into it.
It was very effective. With the Heavenly Demon True Qi's ability to devour everything, it instantly swallowed a hole in the light screen. At the same time, it quickly spread to the surroundings.
"How is that possible? What is this True Qi of yours?! " When Zhuge Qingyun saw this, his face instantly turned green as he said, "Luo Zheng, this is the White Emperor City. If you dare to touch me, you will be making an enemy out of the million-strong Emperor Army!"
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. Before the light curtain was completely engulfed by the Heavenly Devil Qi, he reached out his hand from the gap and grabbed Zhuge Qingyun's neck. "Go against the army of a million emperors? You're just a mere strategist. How can you represent a million soldiers? "
"I can't represent the army of a million emperors, but my surname is Zhuge. If you go against the Zhuge Clan, I will capture you and kill you no matter what!" Zhuge Qingyun threatened again.
Luo Zheng sighed and increased the strength of his hand that grabbed Zhuge Qingyun's neck. "Your Family Zhuge. Other than constantly saying the word 'Zhuge', what other abilities do you have?"
Right at this moment, Zhuge Qingyun suddenly patted on Luo Zheng's hand. He suddenly revealed a sneer and said, "Of course, I have the ability to kill you!"
After speaking, a blue talisman paper appeared in Zhuge Qingyun's hand. He fiercely stuck it on Luo Zheng's hand and it rapidly burned. Soon after, a large amount of fine lightning emerged from the talisman paper!
The lightning instantly covered Luo Zheng's entire body. It didn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng, but it paralyzed every muscle in Luo Zheng's body. In other words, Luo Zheng couldn't move at all.
"Tss tss tss …"
Luo Zheng could only stand firmly on the spot and couldn't move at all.
Zhuge Qingyun's face revealed an insolent smile again. "Insolent brat. You didn't expect this move, right? Die! "
Another shiny dagger appeared in Zhuge Qingyun's hand and stabbed towards Luo Zheng's neck.
Zhuge Qingyun knew that his strength wasn't enough, so he prepared a lot of unexpected things on him. At the critical moment, these little things could be of great use and save his life!
It was a pity that when Zhuge Qingyun's dagger stabbed halfway, he felt an intense pain in his head that caused him to palpitate. He immediately held onto his head and rolled on the ground.
"Spirit Stun Thorn!"
Luo Zheng looked coldly at Zhuge Qingyun, who was rolling on the ground. There wasn't a trace of pity on his face, and the killing intent in his eyes gradually intensified.
After the lightning released by Zhuge Qingyun's blue talisman paper disappeared, Luo Zheng moved his paralyzed body. He picked up the dagger from the ground and stabbed it towards Zhuge Qingyun, who was rolling on the ground.
"Audacious! If you dare to kill my Imperial Army's strategist, you will become the enemy of the entire Sky-Scorching Empire! " Not far away, another person was rushing over. When he saw Luo Zheng's dagger was about to land, he immediately roared in anger.
"Another representative of the Empire." Luo Zheng frowned and stabbed the dagger towards Zhuge Qingyun. "Die for me!"
"Puchi!"
The dagger entered Zhuge Qingyun's body, and blood splattered everywhere. Luo Zheng wasn't fond of killing, but if he didn't know the Spirit Stun Thorn, he might have been the one to die. Luo Zheng would never be merciful to someone who wanted to take his life.
"Courting death!" The approaching Imperial Army's commander surged his True Essence and turned into a Five-Clawed Golden Dragon that charged towards Luo Zheng. The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was incessantly burning, and waves of heatwaves assaulted with horrifying might.
"Divine Reflection Realm expert!"
Luo Zheng frowned. This was the second Divine Reflection Realm expert he encountered.
Previously, when Luo Zheng faced Wang Yanmiao, who was also a Divine Reflection Realm expert, he didn't even have the strength to retaliate.
Divine Reflection Realm experts could burn their True Essence and amplify the power of their True Essence by more than ten times. Dealing with a Xiantian lifeform was like dealing with an ant.
Luo Zheng was fully aware of the might of a Divine Reflection Realm expert. Therefore, he could only evade the attack and retreat.
However, that Five-Clawed Golden Dragon formed from True Essence seemed to possess intelligence. It bit Luo Zheng's back tightly, as if it wouldn't give up until it swallowed Luo Zheng in one gulp.
At this moment, Luo Zheng heard Zhu Qianning's voice shouting, "Luo Zheng, get down!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and rolled forward, lying flat on the ground.
"Roar!"
A Frightening Dragon rushed over Luo Zheng's head and collided with the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon in an instant.
Zhu Qianning's Frightening Dragon was originally equivalent to a Divine Reflection Realm expert's all-out attack. However, Zhu Qianning didn't have the ability to control this Frightening Dragon. Therefore, although this type of concealed weapon in her hand was powerful, it often didn't hit its target.
At this moment, Luo Zheng lowered his body, and the Frightening Dragon collided with the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
The two Divine Reflection Realm experts' all-out attacks collided with terrifying might. After the Frightening Dragon and the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon collided, they immediately lit up with a blazing white light. The surrounding disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, as well as the soldiers brought by Zhuge Qingyun, all closed their eyes out of reflex.
After the ball of light disappeared, the Thearch Army general walked over with a gloomy expression and shouted, "Even if you are a member of the Family Zhu, you still have to give me an explanation. Why did you kill Zhuge Qingyun?"
Facing the Thearch Army general's shout, Zhu Qianning didn't have the slightest fear. She stood out bravely and coldly replied, "Because he deserved to die!"
"Whether Zhuge Qingyun deserved to die or not, it is not up to you to decide. He is a member of our Thearch Army. Only the Thearch Army has the right to judge him!" The Thearch Army general's hand flickered with true essence, and another mini Five-Clawed Golden Dragon coiled around his hand. "If you can't give me an explanation, all of you must die!"
After Luo Zheng got up from the ground, he spat a mouthful of blood on the ground. When the Frightening Dragon collided with the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, the aftershock was too strong. Luo Zheng, who was lying at the side, was affected. "What? Are you trying to say that Zhuge Qingyun's saber is already on my neck, and I can't retaliate? Should I extend my neck for him to kill me? "
"Our million-strong Thearch Army is stationed in the White Thearch City. We have always been disciplined. If Zhuge Qingyun wants to kill you, he naturally has sufficient reasons!" The Thearch Army general spoke solemnly.
"Hahaha, I truly admire you. You can say such shameless words in such a sanctimonious manner. Why are you still asking us for an explanation? Just kill me! " Luo Zheng might have said so, but he was already on full alert. The Heavenly Devil True Qi in his body was also quietly circulating.
Even if he was facing a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Luo Zheng wouldn't just sit and wait for death.
"Is that so? Then you can go and die! " The Thearch Army general waved his hand, and the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon in his hand expanded. It turned into a huge Five-Clawed Golden Dragon that coiled around with astonishing prowess.
"Roar!"
With a push from the Thearch Army general, the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon's entire body was burning intensely as it pounced at Luo Zheng.
The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was formed from True Essence. Once the True Essence was ignited, its prowess would increase by several folds.
At the sight of this, Lin Geng, Zhu Tianlai, and the others who were standing at the entrance of the military camp turned pale.
Luo Zheng might be able to defeat a Demon General, and his strength was simply heaven-defying in their eyes. But so what if he was strong? The opponent was a Divine Reflection Realm expert.
There was an entire realm between the Half-step Xiantian Realm and the Divine Reflection Realm!
The gap between the realms could indeed be bridged with other things, such as supreme-grade weapons, special cultivation techniques, extraordinary talents, top-secret special techniques, and so on.
However, the gap between Luo Zheng and the Thearch Army general was like a natural chasm. Even after taking everything into consideration, it was impossible to surpass this natural chasm!
When the Thearch Army general made a move, it was equivalent to pronouncing Luo Zheng's death sentence.
Facing the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon with unparalleled prowess, the Heavenly Devil True Qi in Luo Zheng's body gushed out from his dantian like a tidal wave and converged on his fists.
"Heavenly Devil God Fist's Devil Shakes the World!"
Luo Zheng had once used this fist to block an all-out attack from a Divine Reflection Realm expert.
Now, Luo Zheng's strength and strength had risen to a new level. Moreover, Luo Zheng felt that the Thearch Army general in front of him was far less oppressive than Wang Yanmiao. There should still be a certain gap between their strengths.