Compared to the Five-clawed Golden Dragon, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Fist was much weaker and more restrained.
After all, Luo Zheng was only half a step away from the Primordial Realm, so he could only condense Genuine Qi. Even though the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was very powerful, there was an essential difference between Genuine Qi and Genuine Qi. Moreover, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon was constantly burning its Genuine Qi!
The two people's attacks were like the pecking of an eagle and a chick. They were not on the same level.
"Boom!"
After colliding with the Five-clawed Golden Dragon, Luo Zheng's Fist Shadow quietly drilled into the dragon's body and disappeared without a trace.
A faint smile appeared on the general's face. Facing his Phantom Dragon Fist head-on, this brat really didn't know how strong he was and overestimated himself. His Five-Clawed Golden Dragon forcibly dissolved the brat's Fist Intent formed by his Genuine Qi.
Zhu Tianlai, Lin Geng, and the others also shook their heads.
Everything that had happened in front of them was within their expectations.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, if it had been anyone else present, the result would have been the same. They would not have been able to fight back at all!
At this moment, Zhu Qianning's eyes revealed a trace of ruthlessness. She had brought three Frightening Dragon Jade Boxes this time. In order to block the first Five-clawed Golden Dragon, she had used the last Frightening Dragon.
However, Zhu Qianning did not only have Frightening Dragon as a hidden weapon for self-defense.
She also had a Thunder Cleansing Stone in her hand. This small Thunder Cleansing Stone was one of the three most powerful hidden weapons of the Family Zhu.
Because it was extremely troublesome to make a thunderwashing stone, and the materials were expensive, the cost of making one thunderwashing stone was almost ten thousand crystal cubes. Throwing one thunderwashing stone was like throwing ten thousand crystal cubes. It was like throwing money at the other party.
Therefore, the entire Family Zhu had only made seven Thunder Cleansing Stones, and one of them was in the hands of Zhu Qianning.
If Luo Zheng could not resist the Five-clawed Golden Dragon, Zhu Qianning would use this Thunder Cleansing Stone.
Zhu Qianning held the Thunder Cleansing Stone tightly in her hand and watched every move in front of her. She looked very nervous.
After the Five-clawed Golden Dragon shattered Luo Zheng's Fist Intent, it continued to pounce on Luo Zheng. When it was close to Luo Zheng, a sudden change occurred.
A purplish black dot suddenly appeared on the chest of the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon. The purplish black dot rapidly expanded as soon as it appeared.
Zhu Qianning's eyes widened, she knew that the dark purple True Qi was Luo Zheng's True Qi!
Luo Zheng's True Qi went from engulfing to spreading. It was a slow process. When the Five-clawed Golden Dragon reached Luo Zheng, it had been completely engulfed by the Heavenly Devil True Qi.
The originally glittering Five-clawed Golden Dragon had now turned into a dark purple dragon. It stopped abruptly in front of Luo Zheng and did not move forward.
The Imperial Army general's expression changed. His Illusory Dragon Fist could summon a Five-clawed Golden Dragon to meet the enemy. In the process of meeting the enemy, he could control the Five-clawed Golden Dragon to change its direction and even let out a dragon's roar to increase its power.
But at this moment, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon cultivated by his True Qi had not only turned dark purple, but he had also lost contact with it. In other words, he could not control this dragon at all.
"What's going on? Why did the Five-clawed Golden Dragon turn dark purple? What did this brat do? "Faced with something he could not understand, all kinds of doubts arose in his heart.
Luo Zheng looked at the dark purple dragon floating in front of him and suddenly thought of something. When he released his True Qi, he had never thought of controlling it. After all, with his Half-step Xiantian strength, he could not do this.
After entering the Half-step Xiantian realm, he could only release his True Qi out of his body. Although the True Qi could not be destroyed after leaving the body, it often needed to attach itself to other things to kill the enemy from a distance.
Only after entering the Xiantian Secret Realm and transforming True Qi into True Qi, could one use True Qi to control objects and kill the enemy.
However, the dark purple dragon in front of him was originally formed by the Imperial Army general's True Qi. After being engulfed by his Heavenly Devil True Qi, it became Luo Zheng's thing.
In this case, should I be able to control this Five-clawed Black Dragon?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng released his soul and inserted a strand of his consciousness into the Five-clawed Black Dragon.
"Roar, roar!"
The Five-clawed Black Dragon seemed to have awakened from a deep slumber. It roared at the sky and circled around Luo Zheng.
"Yes! I can control it! " Luo Zheng reached out and patted the Five-clawed Black Dragon. He looked at the Divine Reflection Realm general opposite him with a smile on his face.
Seeing this scene, the crowd could not wrap their heads around it for a moment.
What was going on? Just now, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon was about to turn Luo Zheng into ashes. But in the blink of an eye, the Five-clawed Golden Dragon turned into a Black Dragon? And this Black Dragon seemed to be under Luo Zheng's control?
Was there anything stranger in the world than this scene in front of them?
Zhu Qianning's eyes flashed with a beautiful luster. Her hand holding the Thunder Cleansing Stone trembled faintly. She thought to herself, I've been too lenient. Luo Zheng is a genius that appears once in a million years. So what if he's only a Half-step Xiantian?
So what if he's facing a Divine Reflection Realm expert?
He'll always have a way to deal with it!
Zhu Tianlai, who was holding the black and white swords, had his mouth wide open. In fact, he was just wondering if he should help Luo Zheng.
Zhu Tianlai was very conceited. Although his strength was not in the top ten of the Tianyi Peak, his speed of advancement was the fastest. Even if he was not in the top ten now, he would definitely be in the top ten in the future!
Conceited people did not like to owe others favors!
In the Cang Qiong Forest, Zhu Tianlai was saved by Luo Zheng once. So, along the way, Zhu Tianlai was very protective of Luo Zheng. There was no other reason than that he wanted to return the favor to Luo Zheng.
Although the Divine Reflection Realm expert was powerful, Zhu Tianlai also cultivated a secret technique that could greatly increase his strength in a short time. He was confident that he could block half of the Imperial Army general's attack. As for the other half, Luo Zheng would have to face it himself.
But what Zhu Tianlai didn't expect was that Luo Zheng would use some strange method to not only easily dissolve the Divine Reflection Realm expert's full power attack, but also grab the five-clawed golden dragon back into his hand. This was the strangest thing Zhu Tianlai had ever seen in his life …
Lin Geng, the disciple surnamed Qiu, Hao Shige, Guo Zirao, and the others finally understood what "method" meant.
Luo Zheng had completely redefined "method"!
If Luo Zheng could take the full power attack of a Divine Reflection Realm expert, then there was probably no one in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect who could be his opponent.
Hao Shige and Guo Zirao were only outer sect disciples, so they naturally didn't know the situation in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect.
Lin Geng and the disciple surnamed Qiu looked at each other. They both understood that they were thinking the same thing.
In fact, Xiao Yufeng was ranked last among the 33 peaks, but the true strength of Xiao Yufeng's inner sect was definitely not weak.
Since Instructor Su's arrival, he had discovered several extremely talented disciples in succession. The entire Xiao Yufeng was accumulating strength, waiting to explode when the 33 peaks were rearranged!
Lin Geng had always thought that the current top three inner sect disciples, Lu Tianwu, Yu Quan, and Liu Tianquan, were Xiao Yufeng's future hope.
But now it seemed that Liu Tianquan wasn't a match for Luo Zheng, and Yu Quan wasn't a match for Luo Zheng either. Even the number one inner sect disciple, Lu Tianwu, wasn't a match for Luo Zheng!
Who was the dark horse? Outer sect disciple Luo Zheng was the true dark horse!
Luo Zheng manipulated the five-clawed black dragon to circle around him a few times, but quickly discovered that he couldn't keep it by his side forever.
The reason was simple: he didn't have enough true qi.
After transforming true qi, he had to continuously transfer his true qi to the dragon.
Although Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people, and his Zhen Qi was far more powerful than others of the same level, compared to an Illuminating Spirit expert, his Zhen Qi was nothing at all!
Just now, Luo Zheng had used his Heavenly Devil True Qi to devour the general's five-clawed golden dragon and transform it into a five-clawed black dragon. But now … Luo Zheng was manipulating the five-clawed black dragon to circle around him, consuming his Heavenly Devil True Qi.
The rate at which his True Qi was being consumed was too shocking. The amount of True Qi in his Dantian was decreasing at a visible rate.
"If that's the case, then … go! Give him a taste of his own medicine! "
Luo Zheng reached out and pushed lightly. The five-clawed black dragon raised its head and roared. The dragon's roar caused the eardrums of the surrounding people to buzz.
Then, the five-clawed black dragon pounced on the general in the distance!
Seeing the five-clawed black dragon pouncing on him, the general's eyes twitched. No matter who it was, they would be unhappy to see their own attack being neutralized, and the general had to suffer his own attack …
There was no time for the general to think. His five fingers turned into claws, and a five-clawed golden dragon instantly appeared in his hand. With the same posture and speed, the five-clawed black dragon pounced on Luo Zheng's five-clawed black dragon.
The five-clawed black dragon and the five-clawed golden dragon were entangled in mid-air.
In less than a breath's time, the outcome of the battle had been decided.
The five-clawed golden dragon's attack was far more powerful than the five-clawed black dragon's. After several attacks, Luo Zheng's five-clawed black dragon was torn into pieces.
A smile appeared on the general's face. "A fake is a fake! If you encounter a real five-clawed golden dragon, you'll be exposed immediately! "
In fact, the strength of the two dragons was not at the same level.
The five-clawed golden dragon was transformed from true qi, while the five-clawed black dragon was formed from true qi. The two were fundamentally different. What's more, the five-clawed golden dragon was constantly burning its true qi, increasing its power by more than ten times.