The Five-Clawed Black Dragon was indeed torn into pieces by the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, but after it was torn apart, the Heavenly Devil True Qi drilled into the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon's body.
Therefore, the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon turned into a Five-Clawed Black Dragon in an instant. Furthermore, it looked even bigger than before! Its might was even more astonishing!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "You have suffered once, but you still don't learn your lesson …"
The Imperial Army general looked at the Five-Clawed Black Dragon that was twice its size and opened his mouth wide. He stammered, "This … this … how could this be!?"
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, who were watching the battle from the back, were speechless at this moment.
The purplish-black true qi in Luo Zheng's body was too abnormal and too shameless.
The Five-Clawed Black Dragon that was twice its size circled in the air before pouncing towards the Imperial Army general again.
Seeing that might, the Imperial Army general's face turned pale. He couldn't think of a way to break it at this moment. Under the circumstances, another Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was shot out from his hand.
This time, even the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't stand it anymore.
"That Imperial Army general is a Divine Reflection Realm expert. How could he be so stupid? Isn't he sending himself to his death?"
"I wonder how he managed to cultivate to the Divine Reflection Realm. It is truly inconceivable … he is too stupid!"
The evaluation of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect was correct. After the third Five-Clawed Golden Dragon rushed up, it was also devoured by the Five-Clawed Black Dragon. Therefore, Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon became three times its size.
A Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was already extremely huge and could wrap around an entire house.
Now that Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon was three times bigger than the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, it was like a colossal object. This colossal object was circling in the air. If it were to smash down on the Imperial Army general, it would have the power to destroy the world!
Looking at the Imperial Army general in the distance, Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest bit of pity. With a wave of his hand, the colossal Five-Clawed Black Dragon let out a violent dragon roar and charged towards the Imperial Army general in a ferocious manner.
At this moment, the Imperial Army general was completely dizzy and regretful in his heart.
He only had some friendship with Zhuge Qingyun!
There were countless capable people in White Thearch City, so why did he have to stand out for Zhuge Qingyun? Who would have thought that he would lose his life just like that!
But he couldn't be blamed for this! That brat was just a half-step Xiantian brat, while he was a Divine Reflection expert. Could it be that he couldn't even deal with a half-step Xiantian brat? At the thought of this, the general of the Imperial Army was completely disheartened. Apart from fear, a deep sense of defeat rose in his heart.
Just as the five-clawed black dragon swooped down and was about to reach him, a strange barrier suddenly appeared in front of him.
The barrier was squarish and looked like a small box. It completely enveloped the general.
No matter how the five-clawed black dragon attacked, gnawed, and eroded … it was unable to break through the square barrier at all.
Luo Zheng, who was not far away, saw this scene and sighed. It seemed that a big shot had intervened!
In fact, Luo Zheng also knew that it was impossible to alarm those peerless experts in White Thearch City with such a huge commotion.
No matter how Luo Zheng manipulated the five-clawed black dragon, it was unable to break through the square barrier. Finally, after the Heavenly Devil True Qi in the five-clawed black dragon was used up, the five-clawed black dragon dissipated from the world.
At this moment, a young lady wearing a nine-colored long dress appeared in the sky.
That young lady waved her jade-like hand in the air, and the barrier around the general of the Imperial Army disappeared piece by piece.
It was obvious that the barrier was summoned by this young lady.
"Ah, she can't be …" Among the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, someone shouted in astonishment.
"She is Yun Luo!" Another disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect called out her name.
"Heavens, this is my first time seeing Yun Luo. She is too beautiful, but she is as cold as the legends. Does she really have no feelings?"
"She is known as the Maiden of Slaughter. Do you think she has feelings?"
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect discussed animatedly. They were obviously very interested in the young lady in the sky and knew a lot about her.
The young lady in the air slowly walked down the stairs.
Only those in the Divine Reflection Realm could fly, but this young lady's method was very unique. Transparent stairs continuously appeared under her feet. She walked down leisurely, her nine-colored long dress swaying gently. Her snow-white feet were wearing a pair of wooden clogs, which made clattering sounds as she walked on the stairs.
She seemed to be moving very slowly, but she arrived in front of Luo Zheng in just a few steps.
At this time, Luo Zheng took a good look at the young lady in front of him named Yun Luo.
Yun Luo looked to be about 13 or 14 years old. Her face still had some baby fat, which made her look round and cute. However, her eyes were snow-white, as if they were shrouded in a white mist. Compared to Zhu Qianning and Su Lingyun, her eyes were much less lively. At least, Luo Zheng could not capture any emotion from her eyes.
There was no sadness, no joy, no surprise, and no disappointment …
If a person had no feelings, then she was not a puppet?
Luo Zheng thought so, but he certainly did not dare to say it out loud. Facing Yun Luo, Luo Zheng was still a little nervous.
Even though she had only saved the general of the Imperial Army, the strength she had displayed made Luo Zheng wary. At the very least, Luo Zheng knew that he was far from being a match for her at this stage. He couldn't even resist her!
"What's your name?" Yun Luo suddenly asked.
Her voice was very pleasant, better than any woman's voice that Luo Zheng had ever heard. Whether it was Zhu Qianning, Su Lingyun, or Miss Qing Ling, who made a living by singing in the Golden Breeze and Drizzle Building, none of their voices were as pleasant as hers.
However, Luo Zheng did not like this voice at all!
Because there was no trace of emotion in her voice. It was not salty, not faint, not strict, and not gentle. It was as if she was a complete stone or a puppet …
"My name is Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng still nodded and answered her question.
Yun Luo replied with an "oh" and said at the same time, "You're very strange. You're only a Half-step to Innate Realm, but you were able to defeat Xu Xiu. It's really strange!"
Looking at Yun Luo's expression, Luo Zheng found it funny. She said it was strange, but he could feel that she had no expression at all. It was Luo Zheng who felt strange talking to such a person!
"You seemed to have used a very unique type of vital energy to transform Xu Xiu's Five-clawed Golden Dragon. However, if I were Xu Xiu, it would be very easy to break your trick." Yun Luo glanced at the Imperial Army general called Xu Xiu in the distance and said, "With your strength, you can't control the Five-clawed Golden Dragon for a long time. As long as Xu Xiu stays far away from you, you won't be able to hold on for long."
Luo Zheng deeply agreed with Yun Luo's analysis. She was able to find a way to break his trick in such a short time. It seemed that this girl was not without intelligence … but why did she look so emotionless?
"However, there's no need to discuss these things. You're in White Emperor City, and you dare to offend my Imperial Army. This is already a capital offense. Choose a method that you can accept, and I'll grant you death," Yun Luo said expressionlessly.
This woman …
Luo Zheng was completely speechless. She said she wanted his life, as if it was as simple as killing a chicken.
What made Luo Zheng even more depressed was that she was completely unreasonable. She just wanted him to die.
"There's right and wrong in everything. If he didn't provoke me, why would I provoke him?" Luo Zheng's face darkened again.
The people in White Emperor City were each more unreasonable than the other!
"I don't care about right or wrong here, only rules. White Emperor City is a city built by the Imperial Army. Any act of offending the Imperial Army is a capital offense." Yun Luo's words were very rude and unreasonable, but she said it casually and very seriously. There was not a single joke in her words.
"What if I don't want to die?" Luo Zheng asked in reply.
"It's not up to you." After saying this, Yun Luo stretched out her hand, and a sparkling and translucent cube appeared above Luo Zheng's head. As soon as the cube appeared, it covered Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng knew that he was no match for it, but he definitely wouldn't wait for death. He rolled on the ground several meters away, and the cube failed to hit him.
Yun Luo's face was expressionless. She stepped on wooden clogs and slowly walked toward Luo Zheng. With a wave of her hand, countless cubes appeared in the sky and continuously covered Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng kept dodging left and right, but there were simply too many of them. In the end, Luo Zheng was forced into a dead end, and finally, he was trapped in the middle of one of the cubes.
Luo Zheng looked at the transparent cube in front of him. He gritted his teeth and punched it.
Generally speaking, no matter how hard a material was, it would tremble or sway under the impact of gravity.
Just like the Nine Chi Dichroic Mirror summoned by Zhuge Qingyun before. Although Luo Zheng couldn't break the light curtain created by the Nine Chi Dichroic Mirror with brute force, the light curtain was still able to withstand the impact of Luo Zheng's power and was constantly shaking.
However, the transparent cube that Yun Luo casually created seemed to be impervious to any kind of power. Under Luo Zheng's fierce hammering, it didn't move an inch!
"Break for me!"
More than a hundred dragon scales in Luo Zheng's body suddenly lit up. Together with the power of Luo Zheng's entire body, he smashed the cube, but it still didn't move an inch.
"Heavenly Devil True Qi, devour!"
Luo Zheng released the Heavenly Devil True Qi, wanting to devour the cube. Unfortunately, the Heavenly Devil True Qi that had always been successful had lost its effect.
"Broken Flying Dagger!"
Luo Zheng took out the Broken Flying Dagger from his Sumeru Ring. The Broken Flying Dagger was sharp enough to cut through anything, but it couldn't cause any damage to the cube!
Yun Luo's nine-colored long skirt slowly fluttered. She walked on the ground with her small wooden clogs and arrived in front of Luo Zheng. "It's useless. Your attack can't break my barrier."
"Barrier? This thing is a barrier? "Luo Zheng frowned as he thought.
"Since you don't want to choose how to die, I'll help you choose." Yun Luo stretched out her snow-white hand. With a light wave of her slender fingers, a square, transparent barrier as thin as a cicada's wing appeared in her hand.
Then, she slowly pushed the transparent barrier in through the square body.
Luo Zheng was in a standing position. If the transparent barrier was pushed in, it would directly cut off Luo Zheng's neck …
＝＝＝＝＝