However, Luo Zheng didn't suffer any harm until she completely pushed the barrier forward.
Because Luo Zheng was squatting down …
"This idiot!" Luo Zheng squatted on the ground and looked at the girl as if she was an idiot.
Although Luo Zheng dodged it so easily, Yun Luo still didn't have the slightest expression on her face. She always had that incomparably serious but emotionless attitude.
Then she stretched out her hand and summoned another barrier as thin as a cicada's wing, pushing it forward from one side of the square body.
This time, Luo Zheng was still fine.
He curled up his whole body, shrinking to the bottom, and the barrier just happened to brush past his head.
Luo Zheng's posture was very uncomfortable. He lowered his head and hugged his knees with his hands, his whole body turning into the shape of a ball. The top of his head had been sealed by a transparent barrier, so he couldn't even raise his head.
Luo Zheng, with his head lowered, looked at Yun Luo's snow-white and cute little feet, and his heart was full of resentment.
"I didn't expect that I would die so sullenly. I was actually forced to this point by others!" Luo Zheng thought gloomily.
At this time, Yun Luo also relaxed her body and squatted in front of Luo Zheng. She stretched out her hand and a thin barrier appeared in her hand, slowly pushing it toward Luo Zheng.
If the barrier slashed at Luo Zheng like this, his legs, body, and arms would be cut in half by the force of the barrier.
Watching Yun Luo slowly push the barrier that symbolized death, Luo Zheng swallowed a mouthful of saliva, and his eyes revealed a trace of despair …
Just as the thin barrier cut into the square, a bright silver sword shot towards Yun Luo with a swish.
Yun Luo didn't even look at it and pushed back her hand. Another barrier appeared in her hand, blocking the attack of the silver sword.
"Yun Luo, wait!"
The person who came was Zhu Feihang.
Seeing that the situation was not right, Zhu Qianning activated the Button of Thousand Miles again.
Today, Zhu Feihang had gone out with the other experts of White Emperor City to clean up the remnants of the demi-humans around White Emperor City and break the siege.
Under Zhu Qianning's summons, he hurriedly completed the task and rushed back. He didn't expect to find such a thing as soon as he came back.
At the same time, Zhu Feihang was also puzzled.
He couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had provoked Yun Luo, the demon of slaughter!
Yun Luo glanced at Zhu Feihang indifferently. "What's the matter?"
"Why did you kill Luo Zheng?" Zhu Feihang asked.
"This person offended the Imperial Army and almost killed Xu Xiu. Therefore, he has committed a capital offense. Naturally, I have to kill him," Yun Luo replied.
"Almost killed Xu Xiu?" When Zhu Feihang heard this, he immediately fainted. He didn't see the battle between Luo Zheng and Xu Xiu. When he heard this, he immediately felt that it was inconceivable. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, anyone who heard this might have taken it as a joke.
However, Zhu Feihang knew Yun Luo very well. This murderous girl had no feelings at all. At the same time, it was impossible for her to lie. If she said that Luo Zheng almost killed Xu Xiu, then Luo Zheng really could kill Xu Xiu!
"I think there must be a misunderstanding!" Zhu Feihang said.
"I have already asked clearly. There can't be any misunderstanding here," Yun Luo said and continued to push her fatal Bounded Domain toward Luo Zheng.
"Wait! Yun Luo, even if Luo Zheng committed a crime, it shouldn't be carried out by you. It should be handed over to the Military Law Office to be dealt with! "Zhu Feihang suddenly had an idea and said.
Compared to others, Zhu Feihang understood Yun Luo better.
This murderous girl had no feelings. At the same time, she was extremely rigid in her actions. It was almost impossible to persuade her with human relationships. One could only insist on the rules with her.
According to the rules of the Supreme Army, no matter if a member of the Supreme Army committed a crime or if a civilian had a conflict with the Supreme Army, it should be handed over to the Military Law Office to be dealt with. "Even if Luo Zheng wants to sentence someone to death, it should be carried out by the Military Law Office. Yun Luo, you should be clear about this rule."
Yun Luo tilted her head and thought for a while. She looked like a little girl who hadn't seen much of the world. Who would have thought that countless demons and humans had died in her hands?
"You are right. This person should be locked up first. After the Military Law Office makes a decision, his life can be taken." Yun Luo seemed to be thinking according to Zhu Feihang's way of thinking. "However, now that the Demon Clan army is at our border, the Military Law Office has no time to deal with such a small matter. I will lock him up and hand him over to the Military Law Office after the invasion of the Demon Clan is defeated."
"Then you won't keep him here forever, right?" Zhu Feihang said, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
"Why not?" Yun Luo blinked her white eyes.
Zhu Feihang suddenly felt a headache …
Luo Zheng also felt a headache …
You won't really keep me here forever, right? I will die if I keep curling up in this small space like this!
Luo Zheng's whole body was curled up in a small space about half a meter square. He couldn't raise his head or even look straight ahead. He felt aggrieved just for a while. If the Demon Clan just surrounded the city and didn't attack, would he have to stay in this position for ten days to half a month? That would be worse than death …
According to Yun Luo's personality, she would almost certainly do that.
Zhu Feihang still wanted to find a way to persuade Yun Luo, but Yun Luo suddenly stood up and said, "It's decided. I will keep him here until the Demon Clan is defeated!"
After saying that, Yun Luo didn't want to talk nonsense with Zhu Feihang anymore. She turned around and left. The square light curtain that wrapped Luo Zheng slowly moved with her, as if she was leading a small pet …
"Hey, hey, hey …" Zhu Feihang's face was full of helplessness. He wanted to stop Yun Luo, but he also knew that with her personality, it was impossible for her to change her mind unless he could defeat her.
Although Zhu Feihang was very confident in his own strength, when he thought of the strange power of Yun Luo's boundary, he finally gave up this idea.
"Second Uncle, what should we do?" Seeing Luo Zheng being led away by Yun Luo like a puppy, Zhu Qianning also became anxious. She originally thought that this problem would be easily solved if she called her Second Uncle back. She didn't expect things to develop to this point.
"Alas, there is no other way now. We can only wrong Luo Zheng for now." Zhu Feihang really couldn't think of any other good ideas except to comfort Zhu Qianning. It should be known that even if he asked the City Lord for help, it would be impossible to persuade Yun Luo.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was really aggrieved in his heart.
He didn't know if Yun Luo did it on purpose, but he was locked in a transparent box just like that. He was rubbing on the ground, and the box would occasionally face the ground. Like this, Luo Zheng's entire body was facing the ground, rolling back and forth …
Being led by Yun Luo all the way through White Emperor City, who knew how many soldiers and commoners were quietly watching his embarrassing appearance.
"Hey, Yun Luo, can you let me go?" Luo Zheng squatted in the transparent box and said.
"Clang!" The box flipped over again, and Luo Zheng's face was facing the ground again. He forcefully turned his head, and only then was he able to see Yun Luo's feet in front of him.
"You are a criminal, why should I let you go?" Yun Luo asked.
"I didn't commit a crime. It was that person called Zhuge Ye who wanted to kill me. In the end, he was beaten up by me, and then he went to call his brother, Zhuge Qingyun, to kill me. Instead, he was killed by me. Then, that person called Xu Xiu, right? He also wanted to kill me … "
Just now, Luo Zheng had more or less understood Yun Luo's way of doing things, so he wanted to persuade her with reason.
"Whether you committed a crime or not depends on the opinion of the Military Law Office. Everything can wait until the Military Law Office makes a decision." After saying this, Yun Luo continued to walk forward, and the transparent box that locked Luo Zheng began to roll again.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng almost went crazy. This damn girl couldn't talk nonsense at all. He could only curse her in his heart and sigh.
Like this, after a bumpy journey, Luo Zheng finally "rolled" to his destination, which should be Yun Luo's residence.
The construction of this house was quite special. It should be for the high-ranking generals of the Imperial Army in White Emperor City. After dragging Luo Zheng inside, Yun Luo threw him in a corner. Then, she sat on a praying mat, closed her eyes, and meditated with her legs crossed.
Luo Zheng was completely helpless. She had been meditating for several hours, and Luo Zheng couldn't even cultivate with this posture!
Bored to death, Luo Zheng took out a book from the sumeru ring with great difficulty to pass the time.
Fortunately, he had accidentally thrown a novel in before. Although this posture was very uncomfortable, he could only make do with it, tilting his neck to read the book.
After six to eight hours, Yun Luo suddenly opened her eyes, got up, and walked out.
Luo Zheng looked at the door and didn't see anyone. Then, he tried to use his strength to hit the transparent box in front of him with his head.
"Clang!"
Under Luo Zheng's strength, the box rolled forward.
"It works!"
Luo Zheng was overjoyed. Then, he twisted his waist and rolled to the front.
"Again!"
This time, he used strength in his legs and rolled forward again.
After a while, Luo Zheng had mastered the way to move forward. Not only could he roll forward, but he could also use his head to hit the side, roll to the side, and control the direction …
So, Luo Zheng moved forward step by step and finally rolled to the door.
In front of Yun Luo's house, there was a high flight of stairs. Luo Zheng looked at the stairs, took a deep breath, and hit his forehead hard on the transparent box.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …"
The square box rolled down the stairs with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng felt that the world was spinning. When he finally came to his senses, he raised his sore neck and looked carefully. He saw the edge of a nine-colored dress, and below it were slender and long legs, as well as a pair of snow-white feet and wooden clogs.
Then, he looked up and saw Yun Luo's expressionless face.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Yun Luo took Luo Zheng back to her house from the stairs.
Because he wanted to escape just now, no matter where Yun Luo went, she would drag him behind.
After a while, Luo Zheng found that she was dragging him to the bathroom!
She casually threw Luo Zheng in a corner of the bathroom, and then took off her nine-colored dress in front of Luo Zheng.
Facing a man, she could take off her clothes so openly. It seemed that this girl didn't have the concept of male and female separation in her mind at all!
She cleaned her clothes and stared at Luo Zheng for a while with her big gray eyes. A rare expression appeared on her face — she actually frowned!
In the end, she covered her nine-colored dress with the transparent box. Then, she walked to the wooden tub next to her and jumped in!
Luo Zheng had read a lot. Although he never claimed to be a gentleman, he knew that he shouldn't look at indecent things. However, as a young and vigorous man, it was impossible to say that he didn't have the slightest impulse!
Even if you want to cover me with clothes, you should cover me better. Why do you have to leave such a big gap? Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Looking through the gap in the nine-colored dress, Luo Zheng could see clearly.