Yun Luo had already jumped into the wooden tub. With Luo Zheng's eyesight, he could only see her slightly thin shoulders and back.
When Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Yun Luo's body, he couldn't help but be secretly shocked.
It was completely different from what he had imagined. Her back wasn't smooth at all. Instead, there were shocking scars on it!
Those scars were of all shapes and sizes. Some looked like whip scars, while others were scars left behind by knives. Those scars were like earthworms crawling on her back.
With Yun Luo's strength and status, if she wanted to remove these scars, it would be too easy. For example, the "Muscle Nourishing Pill", which was very popular among the women in the Imperial City, could easily remove these scars.
Although the "Muscle Nourishing Pill" was extremely expensive for ordinary people, it should be very easy for Yun Luo to obtain.
"Unless she doesn't want to touch these scars," Luo Zheng thought to himself. What kind of past did this emotionless girl go through?
While Luo Zheng was thinking, he heard the "splash" of water. She got up from the wooden tub and suddenly turned her head. As if she realized that Luo Zheng was peeping, she slightly frowned and gently waved her jade-like hand. Only then did the nine-colored long dress completely cover Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who was in a narrow space, suddenly fell into darkness.
Then, Luo Zheng heard the figure of someone putting on clothes. When the nine-colored long dress covering her was pulled open, he saw that Yun Luo had already finished changing.
At this moment, she was wearing a white loose robe. Her petite body was wrapped in the long robe. Her hands were barely longer than the two sleeves of the long robe, and only four of her slender fingers were exposed. She looked very cute.
However, when Luo Zheng saw her expressionless face, he suddenly felt that the word "cute" was nowhere near her.
"Ding Ding Pang Pang!"
She stretched out her hand and dragged Luo Zheng behind her, leaving the bathroom.
This Yun Luo didn't seem to have any other hobbies. Besides cultivation, she was still cultivating.
After returning to her room, Yun Luo threw Luo Zheng into a corner as usual and sat back down on the futon to continue cultivating with her eyes closed.
Luo Zheng was completely at his wit's end now. If what Yun Luo said was true and he had to wait until the Military Law Office reopened before letting him go, then he would be in big trouble. He had to think of a way.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted at her, "Hey!"
The room was very quiet. There was no other sound. Luo Zheng's "Hello" sounded very loud.
But Yun Luo just sat there and didn't react at all.
"Hey!" Luo Zheng shouted again.
She was like an old monk that had entered into meditation. She seemed to have already sealed off her six senses, causing her to be completely unable to hear any sound or movement from the outside world. She sat on the spot without moving in the slightest like a lifeless puppet.
"If you ignore me, I'll run away!" Luo Zheng said angrily.
Seeing that she still didn't respond, Luo Zheng tried a few more times. Then he used his body to sway and move step by step towards the outside.
When Luo Zheng passed by her, she still had her eyes closed. Her small nose even wrinkled, but she didn't respond to Luo Zheng's movements at all. Luo Zheng was delighted. Could it be that she really didn't respond? Yun Luo was already strange enough. If anything strange happened to her, Luo Zheng wouldn't be surprised.
So Luo Zheng let go of his hands and feet, accelerated his rolling speed, and rolled to the door with a clatter.
Just when Luo Zheng thought he had succeeded, he felt a force lift him and the box up. Luo Zheng, who was suspended in the air, was moved back to the corner by that force and quietly put down.
From beginning to end, Yun Luo kept her eyes closed, as if she wasn't the one who moved Luo Zheng back at all.
Looking at her expressionless face, Luo Zheng felt a burst of anger in his stomach. "This woman … must be pretending! Her stomach must be bursting with joy! "
After tossing and turning for so long, Luo Zheng finally gave up escaping. Fortunately, the light here was good. Although it was already night, several huge luminous pearls inlaid around the room illuminated the whole room.
Luo Zheng took out a book and continued to read it with relish.
After maintaining this uncomfortable position for a long time, Luo Zheng's body felt numb. He didn't know how much time had passed, but a wave of tiredness slowly came over him. Unconsciously, Luo Zheng fell asleep.
"Dang, dang, dang, dang, dang!"
Just when Luo Zheng was deep in sleep, suddenly a burst of urgent bell rang.
Enemy attack!
After waking up with a start, Luo Zheng realized what the bell meant.
Almost at the same time, Yun Luo opened her eyes. Stepping on wooden clogs, she walked to the window of the room and looked up.
Luo Zheng secretly rejoiced. Now she should have left, right? She couldn't take him to the battlefield.
As a result, Luo Zheng guessed right. Yun Luo left her residence and still dragged Luo Zheng behind her. Was she going to drag him to the battlefield like this?
"This damn woman must be crazy …" Luo Zheng cursed in his heart.
Although he cursed, Luo Zheng didn't have the right to choose. He was still dragged by her on the ground, stumbling, until they arrived at a huge building.
This building was the most magnificent building in White Emperor City. It should be the Governor's Mansion of the Imperial Army.
From the wide road of the Governor's Mansion, they rolled all the way and finally entered a hall.
In this hall, there was a table with a lot of people sitting around it.
These people were all high-ranking generals of the Imperial Army. Each of them exuded an extraordinary aura. In Luo Zheng's eyes, they were all unfathomable!
"They are all in the Divine Reflection Realm?" Luo Zheng came to this conclusion.
As the most powerful army of the Empire, their strength was indeed unfathomable.
No matter where they were, Divine Reflection Realm experts were very powerful existences. However, in this hall, there were more than ten of them gathered …
Among them, Luo Zheng noticed the general of the Imperial Army, Xu Xiu, who was defeated by Luo Zheng today.
When Xu Xiu noticed Luo Zheng in the small box, he immediately glared at Luo Zheng!
With his Divine Reflection Realm strength, he actually almost died at the hands of a half-step Xiantian brat. He had completely lost face.
Fortunately, when he fought with Luo Zheng, not many people in the Imperial Army had seen it. Only a group of people from the Blue Cloud Sect, Zhu Feihang, and Yun Luo knew.
Xu Xiu had already ordered the enemy soldiers present to keep their mouths shut. If anyone dared to spread the word, they couldn't blame Xu Xiu for being ruthless.
In fact, now that Xu Xiu thought about it, almost dying at the hands of Luo Zheng was a completely low-level mistake. However, Xu Xiu's head was muddled, which caused him to become so stupid. If he could go back to that time, Xu Xiu would definitely not give Luo Zheng such a chance.
However, battles were often like this. Many victories were often built on the opponent's mistakes. Strength might be one of the decisive factors, but sometimes it wasn't the most crucial factor.
Seeing Xu Xiu's angry gaze, Luo Zheng deliberately looked away and continued to size up the experts in White Emperor City.
At the scene, there were four people who posed the greatest threat to Luo Zheng. In addition to Yun Luo, there was Zhu Feihang, another sinister-looking old man, and the last one was the middle-aged man sitting in the center of the table.
The middle-aged man had a full forehead and a sturdy body. He looked amiable, but his every move gave off an oppressive aura. What was even more frightening was that this aura was not deliberately emitted from his body. It was completely diffused out of his body.
This man was sitting in the center. Could he be the Commander-in-Chief of White Emperor City's Imperial Army?
Luo Zheng's guess was correct. This middle-aged man was the Commander-in-Chief of this million-strong Imperial Army, Xing Tiansu.
All kinds of legends about Xing Tiansu were widely spread in the Burning Heaven Empire. Although Luo Zheng had heard of Xing Tiansu's name, he had never seen this person before. Therefore, he didn't know that he was Xing Tiansu.
Yun Luo dragged Luo Zheng in all the way, so it was impossible not to attract attention. These experts all looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions.
Zhu Feihang was clear about the situation. When he looked at Luo Zheng, there was a smile on his face. Luo Zheng had been wronged by the witch. If it was him who was half-squatted and locked up for such a long time, he probably wouldn't feel good either.
"Yun Luo, what's the matter with the person behind you?" Xing Tiansu asked curiously. He noticed that the person was wearing a white robe and seemed to be an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Although Yun Luo would often do some incomprehensible things, today was such an important military meeting. How could Yun Luo bring a little half-step Xiantian cultivator into the meeting? No matter what, it was inexcusable.
"He's a criminal who committed a serious crime. I'll wait until the Military Law Office reopens before I hand him over to the Military Law Office to deal with him," Yun Luo said expressionlessly as she walked over and sat down.
"Criminal? What crime did he commit? " Hearing Yun Luo's words, Xing Tiansu became interested in Luo Zheng and asked.
Hearing Xing Tiansu's question, Xu Xiu immediately became anxious.
As a Divine Reflection Realm expert, he was almost killed by a half-step Xiantian kid. If this matter spread out, it would undoubtedly be a great humiliation. He desperately winked at Yun Luo.
However, Yun Luo was the kind of person who wouldn't lie. She couldn't understand Xu Xiu's meaning at all. Instead, she asked Xu Xiu, "Xu Xiu, why are you winking at me?"
The experts were also puzzled. Did this matter have something to do with Xu Xiu?
Zhu Feihang understood Xu Xiu's meaning, but he couldn't say anything. He also knew that he couldn't change anything. Whatever Yun Luo wanted to say or do, even Xing Tiansu couldn't stop her … However, seeing Xu Xiu's embarrassed look, Zhu Feihang could only laugh inwardly. He tried his best to hold back his laughter, but his stomach hurt from laughing.
"No, nothing …" Xu Xiu waved his hand. He also scolded himself for being stupid. With Yun Luo's character, how could she understand his meaning?!
Yun Luo looked at Xu Xiu strangely and nodded. She then said to Xing Tiansu, "This kid killed Zhuge Qingyun today and almost killed Xu Xiu."
"What?"