If someone else had said this, everyone would have taken it as a joke.
Xu Xiu had been in the Divine Reflection Realm for some time now. Although he wasn't the strongest among the Divine Reflection Realm experts, he was still a match for a Half-step Xiantian Realm expert. It was like the difference between a ferocious tiger and an ant.
When did the Divine Reflection Realm become so weak that he could be suppressed by a Half-step Connate?
Everyone could not understand Yun Luo's words.
However, everyone knew Yun Luo's character very well. She did not know how to fake or lie. She said that the Half-step Connate brat almost killed Xu Xiu, so it must have happened.
"Yun Luo, is what you said true?" Xing Tiansu also found it hard to believe.
"Yes, if I did not intervene, Xu Xiu would have died," Yun Luo said lightly.
Everyone was silent. When they looked at Luo Zheng again, there was a strange light in their eyes. How monstrous was this person to be able to suppress an Immortal Reflection State expert with the strength of a half-step to the Innate Realm?
At this moment, Xu Xiu's face was as red as a ripe persimmon. It made people wonder if his face would bleed if they pressed it lightly.
"Even if Yun Luo did not intervene, I would not die. At most, I would be seriously injured!" Xu Xiu stood up suddenly and defended himself.
However, after Xu Xiu finished speaking, he realized that he had said something wrong. If not for the presence of so many important people, he would have cried! At this moment, he even had thoughts of dying.
Although everyone thought that Yun Luo was telling the truth, they still had doubts in their hearts. After all, this kind of thing was too ridiculous.
However, Xu Xiu's words were equivalent to admitting Yun Luo's words.
What was the difference between being seriously injured by a Half-step Connate junior and dying?
"Cough, cough …" Zhu Feihang, who had been silent all this time, finally felt that he should speak up to resolve the situation. "Actually, I was there during the whole thing. That Half-step Connate brat is called Luo Zheng. He has a good relationship with my niece. Today, he did have a conflict with Xu Xiu because of some things. However, the reason why Xu Xiu was defeated was not because he was not a match for Luo Zheng.
Everyone could not accept Zhu Feihang's explanation.
What? A Divine Reflection Realm expert had to be careful when facing a Half-step Connate brat? This was too ironic.
"No matter what, the Demon Clan is attacking the city now. You can't keep him by your side. He can't attend our military meeting. Yun Luo, Yun Luo, let him go................. if this disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng, and the Military Office.................................... Xing Tiansu was..........................
"No, if I don't lock him up, he will definitely escape!" Yun Luo shook her head.
This time, even Xing Tiansu was at his wit's end. He knew that if he wanted to convince Luo Zheng, he had to defeat Yun Luo. However, when he thought of Yun Luo's abnormal combat strength, no matter how confident Xing Tiansu was in his own strength, it would not be easy to defeat her.
Moreover, the Emperor's Army was busy dealing with the Demon Clan's attack. Why would he waste his energy to challenge Yun Luo?
However, Luo Zheng would definitely not be able to attend their military meeting. Therefore, Xing Tiansu thought for a moment and said with a smile, "Yunluo, I will now announce that the Military Law Office will be reopened. I will immediately summon the deacons of the Military Law Office. You can release Luo Zheng first and imprison him in the Military Law Office. Is that okay?"
Yun Luo blinked her gray eyes and nodded expressionlessly. "That's fine."
"That's good." Xing Tiansu hurriedly ordered the person beside him to bring the Deacon of the Military Law Office over.
Then Yun Luo gently waved her hand, and the six indestructible transparent Bounded Domains surrounding Luo Zheng disappeared without a trace in an instant.
Luo Zheng felt a lot more relaxed after the bindings were removed. It seemed that there were still reasonable people in the Emperor's Army. This Emperor's Army Governor was not bad!
He stretched his whole body before standing up. After moving for a while, his stiff body returned to its original state.
"Luo Zheng, you go with the Deacon of the Military Law Office …" Zhu Feihang secretly winked at Luo Zheng while instructing him.
After entering the Military Law Office, this matter would be easy to handle. Although Luo Zheng did kill Zhuge Qingyun, and Zhuge Qingyun was a counselor in the Emperor's Army.
However, if Zhu Feihang wanted to protect Luo Zheng through the Military Law Office, it would be very easy for him.
Luo Zheng nodded. Soon, several Deacons of the Military Law Office came in. After hearing Xing Tiansu's instructions, two of the Deacons led Luo Zheng out.
After Luo Zheng left, Xing Tiansu began to arrange the operation of the Emperor's Army.
"The Demon Race has been planning this attack for more than a day or two. Since the Demon Race dares to attack at this time, we must not underestimate them. Instead, we must be extremely careful." The Demon Race never fought a battle that they were not confident in.
For example, the Demon Race had never launched a frontal attack on the Dual Universe Pagodas.
However, the Demon Race came prepared last time. They caught the Emperor's Army unprepared and seized the Dual Universe Pagodas in one fell swoop.
Who knew if the Demon Race had prepared any powerful backup plan for this attack on the White Emperor City?
As a precaution, everyone in the White Emperor City could not lower their guard.
"The four Demon Kings attacking the White Emperor City this time are very strong, especially the Black Iron Demon King and the Heavenly Might Demon King. The strength of these two Demon Kings is unfathomable. After the battle, I suggest Yuan Chengdong, Black Card … you guys stall the Black Iron Demon King …"
As Xing Tiansu spoke, he gently pressed one hand on the table in front of him. A picture appeared in the middle of the table. This table was actually a huge letter tablet. On the letter tablet were the names, strengths, and weaknesses of the four Demon Kings.
Just as they were discussing, Xing Tiansu's expression suddenly changed. He revealed a wry smile. "It seems that this meeting can't continue. I feel a few huge Demon Auras heading straight for the White Emperor City!"
Needless to say, the Demon Auras emitted were naturally the four Demon Kings that Xing Tiansu spoke of!
"In that case, let's beat them down first!" the gloomy old man, who had been silent on the side, suddenly said.
Xing Tiansu nodded. "Everyone, get ready. We're going to fight!"
At Xing Tiansu's order, everyone stood up, turned into streams of light, and leaped out from the roof of the Governor's Mansion.
Yun Luo stood in place. Her head tilted as if she had remembered something. Then she also flew out. However, she didn't fly out from the opening of the roof. Instead, she rushed out along the ground through the gate of the Governor's Mansion.
Luo Zheng and those deacons didn't go too far.
"We'll have to trouble you during these few days when the Demon Clan attacks the city. I can see that the Governor doesn't mean to make things difficult for you," a deacon of the Military Law Office said to Luo Zheng.
Hearing the deacon's words, Luo Zheng nodded. No matter where he went, it was better than staying by Yun Luo's side. If he really curled up and stayed by her side for several days and nights, he would die!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a gust of wind behind him. A bad premonition arose in his heart. He suddenly turned around and saw Yun Luo rushing towards him. Before Luo Zheng and those deacons could react, Yun Luo stretched out her small fist and punched Luo Zheng in the abdomen.
Although Yun Luo looked light and her entire body probably weighed no more than a hundred pounds, the power that erupted from her fist was shockingly great.
Even with the body of a spiritual weapon, Luo Zheng was in so much pain that he bent over like a shrimp under the bombardment of her fist.
"Clang, clang, clang..."
Several more transparent boundaries covered Luo Zheng again.
The deacons who escorted Luo Zheng said with an ugly expression, "Master Yun Luo, it was the Governor's personal order to detain Luo Zheng. What are you..."
Yun Luo said indifferently, "I'm worried. It's better to take this guy with me."
"But Master Yun Luo, the Demon Clan is attacking the city. If you personally take him with you, how will you deal with those Demon Kings?" the deacon said again.
"That's my business." Yun Luo waved her hand and soared into the sky like a nimble elf. Luo Zheng also left the ground in an instant and rushed towards the sky.
"Ah ah ah ah..."
With a burst of dizziness, Luo Zheng saw the whole White Emperor City shrinking in his line of sight. He was already thousands of feet above the ground.
Luo Zheng turned his head and wanted to scold this woman. However, thinking of her carefree character, even if he scolded her, it would be in vain. He could only give up. He was now a fish on the chopping board. She could do whatever she wanted to him.
However, when Luo Zheng floated high in the sky, he saw a raging fire on the edge of White Emperor City. Countless black dots were surging up the city wall layer by layer.
Those black dots were the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals of the Demon Clan.
Among those black dots, huge flames were constantly exploding. Those flames were the Fire God Crossbows and Fire God Cannons of the Di Army. At this moment, the Di Army also launched a crazy counterattack.
"I don't know if Xiao Yufeng's disciples have evacuated." Luo Zheng was a little worried. Although White Emperor City had stood for countless years and had never been completely breached, war was unpredictable. Even if White Emperor City was not breached, Xiao Yufeng's disciples did not have the advantage in strength. In a chaotic battle, it would be difficult to guarantee their own safety.
While Luo Zheng was thinking, he heard the sound of bowstrings being taut, followed by a burst of "Xiu xiu xiu …" sounds of arrows piercing through the air entered his ears.
On the side of Luo Zheng, a flock of demon birds were shooting toward him with bows and arrows.
Seeing the arrows shooting toward him, Luo Zheng was not worried at all. He did not know what the transparent boundary that imprisoned him was made of. Even with his huge strength, he could not break it at all. Those arrows should not be able to cause any harm to him.
"Dang dang dang …"
Just as Luo Zheng had expected, when the arrow hit the transparent barrier, it couldn't even leave a trace, and it slid down.
Yun Luo, who was above Luo Zheng, at this moment, her snow-white dress was fluttering. A pair of long straight legs were faintly discernible in the long dress. The pair of wooden clogs were tottering, as if they were going to fall from her feet. However, they could not fall down no matter what.
When those black arrows were shot in front of her, they hit an invisible transparent wall and fell down one after another.
A faint light flashed in her white eyes.
From around her body, transparent boundary fragments burst out. Those boundary fragments were irregular in shape. Some were triangular, and some were circular. Under the push of an invisible force, they scattered like crystal clear raindrops toward the flock of demon birds.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
The bodies of those demon birds were immediately penetrated by these transparent raindrops. Whether it was their wings or their bodies, they were all scattered by the raindrops.
"Quack quack …"
The demon birds that were still able to scream were relatively lucky. More demon birds were directly shot into sieves and fell down.
Luo Zheng looked at those falling demon birds and shook his head. You could have provoked anyone, but you just had to provoke Yun Luo …
＝＝＝＝＝