A bright moon hung in the sky like a silver plate. There were no clouds tonight, so the view was excellent.
Luo Zheng looked around and saw more than ten people floating in the sky not far away. They were the Illumination God Realm experts that Luo Zheng had seen at the Governor's Mansion.
Opposite those Illumination God Realm experts, there were four huge creatures floating in the sky.
The four huge creatures all exuded a terrifying demonic aura. It was different from the demonic aura of the demon soldiers and generals. The dark demonic aura was almost visible to the naked eye!
"What a powerful demonic aura!" Luo Zheng was secretly frightened. "These four huge creatures must be the Demon Kings!"
The Demon Kings were the top existences of the Demon Clan!
In the past, the birth of every Demon King would cause countless bloodshed.
Especially before the establishment of the Blazing Sky Dynasty, the Demon Kings were simply nightmarish existences for human experts.
According to ancient records, there was once a Demon King who slaughtered his way through the Eastern Region and destroyed hundreds of cities. He led his subordinates to massacre the cities and caused the northwest of the Eastern Region to be wiped out for thousands of miles!
It was only with the establishment of the Blazing Sky Dynasty and the presence of the Blue Cloud Sect that the situation finally stabilized.
For thousands of years, with the appearance of all kinds of secret manuals, cultivation methods, treasures, and geniuses, the Demon Kings' reputation was gradually suppressed. The humans of the Eastern Region successfully counterattacked and killed many Demon Kings.
Even so, the Demon Kings' strength was not to be underestimated. Moreover, four Demon Kings were attacking together this time, including the Black Iron Demon King and the Heaven's Might Demon King, who had been famous for a long time!
"Humans, the Demon Clan will eventually invade this world. If you know what's good for you and surrender obediently, I can spare your lives," one of the Demon Kings said.
Unlike the Demon Generals, who spoke in human language, this Demon King spoke like a normal person. If one did not see their appearance, one would think that they were humans just by listening to their voices.
"Black Iron Beast King, the White Emperor City will defend this place to the death. We will not retreat even half a step. If you know what's good for you, please leave quickly!" The one who spoke was Xing Tiansu. At this moment, Xing Tiansu was holding a sledgehammer in his hand. There was a ball of orange Quintessential Essence burning on the sledgehammer.
That True Essence didn't seem to be very powerful, but the power hidden within it made people secretly shocked.
"Kaka, Ebon, what's the use of talking nonsense with these humans? If you want them to submit, you have to make them pay the price in blood. "Standing beside Black Iron Demon King was Sky Might Demon King. As Sky Might Demon King spoke, he flapped his huge wings.
Hearing Heavenly Might Demon King's words, the expressions of many Illuminating Spirit Realm experts changed. It seemed that today's battle was unavoidable.
On the city wall, the battle between the Emperor's Army and the demon soldiers and generals was actually a piece of cake.
The battle in the sky was the one that could really change the outcome of the battle.
Facing the attack of four Demon Kings at the same time was unprecedented in human history. Although the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts were not weak, they were slightly inferior to the Demon Kings in terms of aura.
"Mm! You're right. These weak humans have very strong willpower. It's usually very difficult to convince them. We can only use bloody facts to educate them! "The moment the Black Iron Fey Monarch finished speaking, his body suddenly accelerated!
Everyone saw the Black Iron Beast King's wings flash and disappear into thin air. Then, they saw a black shadow coming down from above. In an instant, the Black Iron Beast King had closed in on one of the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts of the human race.
Those who could enter the Illuminating Spirit Realm were all geniuses among geniuses.
Although the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert had been prepared, he had not expected the Black Iron Beast King to be so fast. By the time he reacted, it was already too late to dodge.
"Puff puff puff!"
Three bluish-gray bone spurs pierced through the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's body. The Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's body rapidly shriveled. The Black Iron Beast King was actually sucking the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's flesh and blood through the bone spurs!
Soon, the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert's flesh and blood were sucked dry by the bone spurs. Only his skin was left, and it gently floated to the ground …
Everyone's expression changed when they saw this.
There were two types of Demon Kings.
One was the ordinary Demon Kings. The other was the Black Iron Beast King and the famous Demon Kings like the Heavenly Might Demon King. These Demon Kings were far stronger than ordinary Demon Kings, and their strength would constantly improve.
The Emperor's Army had fought many times with the Demon Race and defeated them many times. However, they had never been able to kill a Black Iron Beast King.
Who would have thought that the Black Iron Beast King would evolve to this level in such a short time? Even Xing Tiansu could not see its speed clearly!
The Black Iron Beast King smacked its lips. "The taste of humans is as delicious as ever. How about it? I can still give you one more chance. It's not too late to surrender now. Otherwise, I'll eat you one by one! "
"In your dreams!" Xing Tiansu said coldly. As the Governor of the enemy army, he could not lose his momentum at any time. "Everyone, be careful. The Black Iron Beast King's speed has greatly improved. Don't let it get close to you!"
Just as Xing Tiansu reminded everyone, the Black Iron Beast King took advantage of the situation and moved again. Its huge wings flapped, and it flew at an extremely fast speed. No one could see it with the naked eye.
"Swoosh!"
Suddenly, the Black Iron Beast King appeared beside Yun Luo and reached out to grab her. "I'll eat this white and tender human baby too!"
Yun Luo's face was expressionless. Her reaction was much faster than the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert who had been devoured by the Black Iron Beast King. Her fingers trembled slightly, and an invisible barrier appeared in front of her, blocking her.
However, the Black Iron Beast King was extremely powerful.
Even if Luo Zheng used all his strength, he could not break the transparent barrier at all. However, when the Black Iron Beast King clawed at it, a crisp cracking sound was heard.
The barrier was broken by the Black Iron Beast King's claws. The claws reached out from the hole in the middle and grabbed at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo floated in the air, motionless. Even when she saw the Black Iron Demon King's claws coming at her, she did not move at all. Her white eyes blinked slightly, and a light flashed on the broken transparent barrier.
"Crack!"
The barrier was repaired in an instant. The Black Iron Beast King's claws passed through the middle of the barrier. When the barrier was repaired, it also cut off the Beast King's claws.
After his claws were cut off, the Black Iron Beast King felt the pain and immediately let out an earth-shattering roar.
However, as soon as he roared, a part of the barrier that had cut off his claws suddenly extended and flew towards the Black Iron Beast King. It stuck to the Black Iron Beast King's broken arm. At the same time, it shone brightly and turned into a square body, covering the Black Iron Beast King's entire arm.
"Kacha, kacha, kacha …"
Several more pieces of the barrier quickly appeared in the square body and cut the Black Iron Beast King's arm into several pieces …
When everyone saw this scene, they frowned. Even if those pieces of barrier were to cut off his arm, how painful would that be?
Luo Zheng was also shocked. It seemed that the title of Slaughter Maiden was not for nothing. This woman was even more terrifying than the Beast Clan.
After the pain, the Black Iron Beast King finally learned his lesson. He quickly retreated and got out of Yun Luo's attack range. His ugly face was twisted as he glared at Yun Luo fiercely. "Human woman, I will eat you, even your bones!"
Yun Luo stared at the Black Iron Beast King with her big white eyes and said expressionlessly, "It's rare to see such a talkative Beast Clan member!"
The Black Iron Demon King's demonic aura suddenly surged. Pure black demonic aura appeared where his severed arm was. The demonic aura kept spinning and entangling with each other. Finally, it turned into an intact arm.
"I will eat you! Everyone, attack together and tear these humans to pieces! " At the Black Iron Beast King's command, the Heaven's Might Beast King and two other ordinary Beast Kings beside him spread their wings and rushed towards the crowd.
Xing Tiansu waved his Black Gold Sledgehammer and the vital essence on it burned fiercely. "Everyone, face the enemy!"
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The vital essence of the Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses suddenly surged. It was red, green, white, purple, and various other colors.
Such a terrifying power blocked out the light of the sun, moon, and stars.
In the sky, rays of light surged wildly. In addition to these rays of light, there was also the manifestation of vital essence!
For example, Zhu Feihang's silver dagger and Xu Xiu's five-clawed golden dragon were circling around and attacking the four Beast Kings frantically.
Among them, Xing Tiansu's power was the most terrifying. His vital essence transformed into a giant spirit that was dozens of feet tall. The giant spirit completely enveloped Xing Tiansu.
The giant spirit held two sledgehammers and slammed them together, creating a deafening sound. Then, he waved one of the sledgehammers and smashed it towards the Beast Kings!
The four Beast Kings were all powerful. They constantly flapped their wings and shuttled back and forth between the crowd. They dodged and looked for opportunities to attack.
The Black Iron Beast King was completely infuriated by Yun Luo. He threw the other Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses aside and went straight for Yun Luo.
Yun Luo was expressionless. She retreated quickly in a reclining position. Her jade-like hands kept moving, summoning transparent boundaries one after another.
These transparent boundaries were indestructible in front of Luo Zheng. However, under the attack of the Beast King, they could not withstand a single blow. One by one, they were shattered by the Black Iron Beast King's powerful body.
Luo Zheng had been hovering beside Yun Luo. Watching the battle between the Black Iron Beast King and Yun Luo, his expression was extremely gloomy.
He was really unlucky to have been dragged into a battle of this level for no reason.
The Beast King's power was terrifying. Although his body was strong, he reckoned that if he was hit by the Beast King, his body would be smashed to pieces.
However, he did not have the slightest chance to escape. He could only watch as they fought. His life was not in his hands. He could only pray that he would not be hit by the Black Iron Beast King …
"Ah!"
At that moment, there was a sudden scream. Another Divine Illumination Realm powerhouse had died under the claws of the Heaven's Might Beast King.
It seemed that the humans were at a disadvantage in this battle …
The Heaven's Might Beast King joined forces with the other two Beast Kings and suppressed the others.
On the other side, Yun Luo was leading the Black Iron Beast King in all directions. The Black Iron Beast King was probably the most ferocious and strongest among them.
However, no matter how sharp its attacks were, it could not touch Yun Luo at all.
While chasing, Luo Zheng heard another explosion. He looked over and saw Xing Tiansu's Quintessential Essence Avatar swinging a huge sledgehammer and smashing a Beast King!
That sledgehammer attack was probably able to smash a small mountain. However, the Beast King was only injured. This Beast King's body was actually this strong!
"Sigh, there's nothing I can do in a battle of this level except cheer." Luo Zheng, who was curled up in the boundary, sighed.
The Black Iron Beast King probably felt the pressure from his companions and attacked Yun Luo even more ferociously.
Yun Luo's expression did not change, but she could clearly feel the pressure on her suddenly increase!
"Kuang Kuang, dang dang!"
After smashing through several boundaries, a green-gray bone spur suddenly extended from his body.
That bone spur was not aimed at Yun Luo, but at Luo Zheng, who was behind her!