Luo Zheng was trapped in the transparent Bounded Domain. In this narrow space, it was difficult for him to even move his head, let alone dodge.
Moreover, how terrifying was the Demon King's attack?
Luo Zheng couldn't move now. Even if he could, he wouldn't be able to dodge the Black Iron Demon King's Bone Spur even if he could see it.
"This transparent Bounded Domain is indestructible to me, but it's extremely fragile in the hands of the Black Iron Demon King. I'm afraid I won't be able to escape this time!" Luo Zheng thought bitterly as he stared at the Bone Spur that was getting closer and closer.
Just as the Bone Spur was about to pierce Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a force gently lift him and move him slightly to the side.
The Bone Spur almost brushed past Luo Zheng's head as it flew past!
"That was close!"
Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. He thought that Yun Luo didn't take his life seriously. He didn't expect that she would help him at the critical moment.
If that was the case, why did she bring him here?
Luo Zheng found it difficult to understand Yun Luo's thinking.
In fact, Yun Luo's thinking was very simple, to the point that it was somewhat simple.
In Yun Luo's view, Luo Zheng was undoubtedly guilty. Since he was guilty, he must be handed over to the Military Law Office to be judged and punished. However, she was worried that the Military Law Office would let Luo Zheng go, so she kept Luo Zheng by her side.
This kind of thinking, which was so simple that it made one's hair stand on end, was undoubtedly a very strange behavior in the eyes of ordinary people.
Now that she was fighting with the Demon King, Luo Zheng had completely become a burden.
Even so, Yun Luo didn't want to give up on Luo Zheng. She still stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng's life must be judged by the Military Law Office and he couldn't die at the hands of the Black Iron Demon King.
Now, not only did she have to face the Black Iron Demon King's attack head-on, but she also had to protect Luo Zheng from being hurt by the Black Iron Demon King!
Even Yun Luo felt pressured when facing the Black Iron Monster King one-on-one. If she had to protect Luo Zheng, the pressure on her would increase exponentially.
Being able to become the Demon King of the Demon Clan, her intelligence was definitely not inferior to that of humans. From its attack just now, it could already tell that Yun Luo would divide her attention to protect Luo Zheng.
Therefore, it continued to launch deadly attacks at Yun Luo and occasionally targeted Luo Zheng.
Although Yun Luo's mentality was like a pool of stagnant water at any time, she maintained absolute calmness and indifference.
Even if it was a matter of life and death, it would not cause any ripples in her heart. However, she was now multitasking. While avoiding the Black Iron Demon King, she also had to ensure that Luo Zheng would not be hit by the Black Iron Demon King's bone spurs.
For a moment, she and Luo Zheng were surrounded by danger.
The Black Iron Demon King took advantage of the situation to pursue and attack. It flapped its wings, creating gusts of wind. It was like a ghost, but at the same time, it possessed an incomparably tyrannical strength. The more it fought, the fiercer it became. It almost made Yun Luo breathless.
Inside Yun Luo's boundary, Luo Zheng also felt that he could not breathe.
Yun Luo accurately dragged him to avoid the Demon King's attacks. Up and down, left and right, she constantly dodged. Meanwhile, he only needed to lie there and sleep.
However, the bone spurs swept past him one after another. As long as one of them hit him, his life would be over. In this environment, no matter who it was, they would be on tenterhooks.
"Hey, just throw me down. Don't worry, I definitely won't die," Luo Zheng reminded her. This Yun Luo was really stubborn. As long as she could get rid of him, she would be able to relax a lot, but she just refused to let him go …
With Luo Zheng's current physical strength, even if he fell from such a height, he would not suffer much damage.
"No, if I throw you down and you run away, what will I do?" Yun Luo said seriously as she struggled to avoid the Black Iron Demon King's attacks.
Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Look at the situation now. You can't even protect your own life, but you're actually afraid that I'll run away?"
Yun Luo blinked, and a white light flashed in her eyes. "That's true. Even if you really run away, I can still catch you. Since that's the case, I'll throw you down. Get ready!"
However, just as Yun Luo was about to throw Luo Zheng, the Black Iron Demon King suddenly launched an attack.
The Black Iron Daemon King stretched out his body, and a black bead appeared in the middle of his huge body. That bead was the Daemon King's Daemon Core!
As soon as the Demon Core appeared, an endless amount of Demon Qi escaped from it. The Demon Qi did not dissipate randomly. There seemed to be some invisible force in the air that distorted the shape of the Demon Qi. It was like a stream of water being poured into a container, turning into a very strange rune.
These runes were completely different from human runes. Each rune seemed to symbolize something. Soon, the Demon Qi formed hundreds of runes that slowly revolved around the Demon Pill.
"Yun Luo, be careful. That's the Black Iron Demon King's Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire!"
Xing Tiansu, who was not far away, warned loudly.
Xing Tiansu had once fought with the Black Iron Demon King and suffered a great loss under the Heavenly Demon Possession. Therefore, he warned Yun Luo.
The Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire was the Black Iron Demon King's consummate skill. Within the range of the Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire, the Black Iron Demon King's speed and strength would be greatly increased.
However, Xing Tiansu's warning seemed to be a little late.
The Demon Pill in the Black Iron Demon King's hand suddenly released a pitch-black mist, which immediately enveloped the space within a hundred feet around him.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Yun Luo was only a hundred feet away from the Black Iron Demon King. The pitch-black mist instantly enveloped Yun Luo.
Luo Zheng was originally free-falling. However, before he could fall more than ten feet, he was enveloped by the pitch-black mist.
"What, what is this?"
After being enveloped by the pitch-black mist, Luo Zheng felt that the mist was very dense, as if he had fallen into a deep swamp. When he opened his eyes, he saw that his surroundings were pitch-black and he could not see anything.
The pitch-black mist seemed to be able to devour all light.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a sour and burning sensation on his skin.
"This mist is corroding my body!"
Luo Zheng's Spiritual Weapon Body was not afraid of ordinary corrosion. Even the corrosion of the Three-Corpse Poison, which was known as the strongest in the Eastern Region, was not something that Luo Zheng feared.
However, the pitch-black mist was completely different. It was like billions of ants that were difficult to see clearly with the naked eye. They bit and bit Luo Zheng's body. Even though Luo Zheng's body was like a Spiritual Weapon, the pitch-black mist was still able to gnaw away at Luo Zheng bit by bit.
What should he do?
Luo Zheng's mind was spinning rapidly. If he did not think of a way to deal with the pitch-black mist, he was afraid that he would be completely devoured by it.
However, after thinking about it for a while, Luo Zheng could not think of a way to deal with it.
How powerful were the Demon Kings? Even Divine Reflection Realm experts like Xing Tiansu were no match for the Demon Kings. They still needed to team up to fight against the Demon Kings. Furthermore, the Black Iron Demon King was an expert among the Demon Kings. How could Luo Zheng deal with the black mist released by it?
"Since my body cannot resist the black mist, I have to think of a way to leave it!"
However, the black mist was very dense. Every time Luo Zheng moved a little, he had to expend a lot of energy. But at this moment, Luo Zheng had no other choice. He could only crawl towards the edge of the black fog bit by bit like an earthworm burrowing into the ground!
Just as Luo Zheng was enduring the pain of corrosion, he heard the sound of an intense battle coming from above.
Bang, bang, boom!
It should be Yun Luo dealing with the Black Iron Demon King's attack.
Luo Zheng could not see the battle above, but Luo Zheng knew very well that Yun Luo was in a bad situation.
Before the Black Iron Demon King released the black mist, Yun Luo was already at a disadvantage. Now, both he and Yun Luo were surrounded by the black mist and their movements were greatly hindered.
With Yun Luo's strength, the effect of the black mist on her was negligible. However, in a battle between experts, the slightest difference often determined victory or defeat. Furthermore, since the Black Iron Daemon King had released the black mist, it must have greatly increased its strength.
"Boom!"
Another loud sound was heard. Then Luo Zheng heard Yun Luo's muffled groan. It seemed that she had suffered a great loss.
I don't care. I just need to run for my life.
Although Yun Luo was petite and cute, Luo Zheng was furious at the thought of how she had tortured him. Whether she lived or died had nothing to do with him.
He just needed to crawl out of the black mist. Anyway, Yun Luo had restrained the Black Iron Demon King and should not be able to take care of him for the time being.
Luo Zheng moved downwards with difficulty and finally reached the edge of the black mist. After crawling out of the black mist, Luo Zheng could vaguely see the lights of White Emperor City below.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to pull his body out of the black mist and rush towards White Emperor City, he bumped into a light curtain.
"At the edge of this black fog … there's actually another invisible barrier?" Luo Zheng was completely dumbfounded. He did not expect that after spending so much effort to crawl out, he would still be trapped inside.
"No, no matter what, I have to break this boundary and escape. I can't afford to get involved in a battle between experts!" Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and hammered at the light curtain.
Buzz, buzz, buzz …
Luo Zheng used all his strength and the power of more than 100 dragon scales in his body to smash down desperately. Immediately, ripples appeared on the light curtain.
There's hope! Luo Zheng was overjoyed. At the very least, this light barrier wasn't as abnormal as Yun Luo's barrier. When Luo Zheng's power hit Yun Luo's barrier, it didn't react at all. However, this light barrier reacted when he hit it. As long as he hit it a few more times, it would surely shatter.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Luo Zheng smashed three more times in a row. Under these three fierce punches, ripples appeared on the light curtain again, like ripples on the surface of a lake.
The ripples flickered more fiercely, but the light curtain was not broken. It was much stronger than Luo Zheng had imagined. At least, Luo Zheng could not break this light curtain.
"My strength is still too weak. I'm afraid I can't break this light curtain with just my strength. I can only try to break this light curtain with my Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi."
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and a wisp of Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi appeared in his hand. He controlled this wisp of Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi to devour the light curtain. However, Luo Zheng soon discovered that the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi did not devour the light curtain. Instead, it directly passed through the light curtain.
Seeing this strange scene, Luo Zheng was puzzled. Why did the Heavenly Demon Genuine Qi, which had always been successful, not have the slightest effect at this time?