What about the broken flying dagger?
Luo Zheng took out a flying dagger from his Sumeru Ring and slashed at the light screen.
What made Luo Zheng stunned was that the broken flying dagger was the same as the Xiantian True Qi. The blade of the flying dagger didn't cause any damage to the light screen and easily passed through it.
It seemed that other than himself, other objects and even True Qi could pass through the light screen unimpeded.
In this way, Luo Zheng's trump cards lost their effect. He could only rely on his own strength. However, after trying a few times, his strength was far from enough to destroy the light screen.
Just as he was feeling depressed, Luo Zheng suddenly heard Yun Luo's voice coming from the layers of black fog above him.
"Phaseless Enchantment! Break! "
Just as Yun Luo's voice fell, the Black Iron Monster King roared. At the same time, the black fog surged and released an even more violent energy.
Although Luo Zheng was at the edge of the light screen and had put some distance between him and the black fog, the black fog fluctuated violently. Wave after wave of black fog surrounded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stepped on the light screen and tried his best to avoid the black fog. However, the black fog's movement was irregular. If he wasn't careful, Luo Zheng would be surrounded by a mass of black fog.
"Zi zi zi …"
The corrosive power of the black fog suddenly increased by ten times!
Just by coming in contact with the black fog, Luo Zheng's body was corroded and full of holes. The corrosive wounds were bleeding profusely. It was a ghastly sight.
Luo Zheng struggled to get out of the black fog. However, he saw another large wave of black fog in front of him. The black fog had already spread to every corner of the light screen. He was in a desperate situation and couldn't escape …
In the black fog, Yun Luo was completely at a disadvantage.
The black fog was the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire. It was a secret technique of the monster race that only the powerful and special monster race could use.
In fact, the power of the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire was nothing to Yun Luo. It couldn't cause any substantial damage to her. However, the problem was that the Black Iron Monster King was like a fish in water inside the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire. Not only was his speed and strength greatly increased, but it was also extremely difficult for Yun Luo to dodge his sudden attack while hiding inside the Heavenly Monster Sacred Fire.
Swish!
The sound of a bone spike piercing through the air could be heard.
Yun Luo dodged lightly, avoiding the bone spike behind her. However, the moment she dodged, a pair of demon claws came down on her head.
"Phaseless Barrier! Slash! "
Yun Luo quickly condensed a transparent barrier in her hand and slashed at the pair of demonic claws.
"Clang!"
The Black Iron Demon King crushed the enchantment that had always been incomparably sharp. However, the pair of huge demon claws did not show any signs of stopping and continued to grab at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo blinked her eyes, and a sharp glint flashed through her white pupils. At the same time, she frowned slightly.
If someone outside saw this scene, they would definitely find it quite strange.
Ever since Yun Luo entered White Emperor City, she had never shown any expression on her face. Someone once said behind Yun Luo's back that even if the entire White Emperor City was captured and the entire Eastern Territory was occupied by the Demon Race, her beautiful face would not show any expression.
But today, she was frowning …
She furrowed her brows, but it only lasted for a moment before her expression returned to its indifferent state. This time, she didn't choose to dodge.
The Black Iron Demon King was much stronger than Yun Luo, so he was a little impatient as he was being held back by the little girl in front of him. At this moment, the Black Iron Demon King had completely gained the upper hand in the battle. He was ready to crush this little human girl!
When the Black Iron Demon King saw Yun Luo rushing towards him, he was slightly taken aback. At the same time, he was secretly overjoyed. He only needed to use a little strength to crush this human girl's weak body.
However, when Yun Luo approached the Black Iron Demon King, a blood-red enchantment appeared in her hand.
"Blood Prison Enchantment!"
"Swish …"
The moment Yun Luo threw out the blood-red boundary, it quickly expanded and trapped Yun Luo and the Black Iron Demon Monarch in the blood-red boundary.
When the blood-red enchantment was connected, the vital essence in Yun Luo's body surged out wildly from her dantian like a tornado. Yun Luo's vital essence was very special. It was colorless and invisible, but the power it exuded was no weaker than the Black Iron Demon King's demonic aura.
What Yun Luo wanted to do was to use her vital essence to fight the Black Iron Demon King!
However, a clash of vital essence would cause great damage to one's body. As the saying went, if you hurt the enemy, you hurt yourself.
However, in the Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire, the Black Iron Demon King's advantage was too great. She could only use this extreme method to force the Black Iron Demon King to compete with her vital essence.
She was going to stake everything on this one throw.
The Black Iron Demon King was surrounded by Yun Luo's Blood Prison Enchantment and had nowhere to retreat. Seeing Yun Luo's vital essence surging towards him, the Black Iron Demon King said in a strange voice, "Very good, human woman. How can I, the Black Iron Demon King, lose to you in a battle of vital essence?
After the Black Iron Demon King finished speaking, waves of ferocious demonic aura surged out of his body and rushed towards Yun Luo.
Demonic aura was the vital essence of the demon race.
Yun Luo's vital essence collided with the Black Iron Demon King's demonic aura like water and fire. They constantly offset each other and fused together, emitting a colorful light with amazing power!
Competing with vital essence was a very dangerous move. Once it started, it was impossible to stop. The person who withdrew their vital essence first would definitely be attacked by the other party. Therefore, no matter who it was, they would use up their last bit of vital essence.
The Black Iron Demon King kept releasing his demonic aura. He roared at Yun Luo from time to time, revealing his fangs, hoping to put more pressure on Yun Luo.
Yun Luo was still expressionless. She crossed her hands and her white robe fluttered. The vital essence in her body also surged towards the Black Iron Demon King like a flood.
At this moment, the battle outside the Sky Demon Sacred Fire gradually stopped. The three Demon Kings and the human Illumination Realm experts separated and faced each other.
Whether it was the three Demon Kings or the Illumination Realm experts of the Imperial Army, most of their attention was focused on the black mist.
The Black Iron Demon King and Yun Luo in the black mist were two of the strongest fighters on both sides.
The outcome of their battle would soon affect the situation of the entire White Emperor City.
However, the layers of black mist completely concealed the situation inside. Neither the other three Archfiends nor the Radiant Spirit experts could see what was going on inside.
"Yun Luo, she won't lose, right? After all, she's facing the Black Iron Demon King, "a Illumination Realm expert asked worriedly.
"I'm not worried about Yun Luo. You don't know what Yun Luo's true form is. She's completely different from us. She's born with the ability to grow stronger against stronger opponents." Another Illumination Realm expert was quite confident in Yun Luo.
"But the black mist formed by the Sky Demon Sacred Fire can even disturb souls. We can't see what's happening inside at all..."
"Look, why is the black mist at the bottom getting smaller?"
At the bottom of the Sky Demon Sacred Fire, there seemed to be a whirlpool that kept sucking in the black mist.
A Illumination Realm expert descended and looked up from the bottom. He hurriedly shouted, "It's that kid, it's that kid called Luo Zheng!"
"What?" Not far away, Zhu Feihang was shocked. He stepped on his silver flying sword and circled to the bottom of the Sky Demon Sacred Fire. At a glance, he really did see Luo Zheng lying at the bottom of the Sky Demon Sacred Fire.
At this moment, pieces of gold leaf appeared on Luo Zheng's body. The gold leaf spun into small whirlpools, and the black mist was constantly being sucked in by the whirlpools.
"What, what happened to this kid..." Zhu Feihang muttered, dumbfounded.
＝＝＝＝＝