Luo Zheng's body was changing!
There were precedents. For example, he had absorbed Xie Lang's True Fire in the cave and the Earth Core Fire in the underground cave in the south.
Because Luo Zheng had absorbed the Earth Core Fire, his body had become a Spiritual Tool, which was equivalent to a low-grade Spiritual Tool.
Luo Zheng did not know that the black fog was actually a kind of flame.
The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was indeed a kind of flame, but this kind of demon flame was very strange. The temperature of the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was very low and looked like streaks of black fog. All the low-level demons regarded the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire as a kind of secret cultivation medicine.
Using the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire to refine one's body was somewhat similar to Luo Zheng's mysterious Refining Techniques.
The golden vortex on Luo Zheng's body was spinning faster and faster, absorbing the black fog faster and faster. The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was rushing toward Luo Zheng's body like a tide.
After a while, the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire that enveloped Yun Luo and the Black Iron Demon King was half swallowed by Luo Zheng.
At this rate, Luo Zheng would be able to completely absorb the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in less than an incense stick's worth of time.
The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was obviously unfavorable to the Black Iron Demon King and very favorable to Yun Luo.
Therefore, the expressions of the Illumination God Realm experts present were very interesting.
Originally, they were quite displeased that Yun Luo had dragged Luo Zheng, who was a burden, to the battlefield. However, under the continuous battle, they did not have any cultivation method to remind Yun Luo.
When the Black Iron Demon King released the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, the situation inside was even more difficult for them to know.
They had never expected that this little guy, who had been dragged into the battlefield because of Yun Luo's stubbornness, would actually completely absorb the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire!
Compared to the humans, the three Demon Kings did not look too good. One of the Demon Kings was already injured, and his battle prowess was greatly reduced. Only Demon King Heaven's Might could handle the situation. If Black Iron Demon King lost, or even died, the situation would be very disadvantageous for the Demon Race.
The ugly eyes above the heads of the three Archfiend Kings swayed continuously, as if they were communicating with each other using some kind of secret technique. Soon, the three Archfiend Kings moved simultaneously.
They approached the Heavenly Fey Sacred Flame from different directions.
The purpose of the three Daemon Kings was very clear. They wanted to stop Luo Zheng from absorbing the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire. This was because they knew that even though the Black Iron Daemon King had instantly released the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire, he had paid a considerable price. It would affect his strength.
However, as long as the Celestial Fey Sacred Fire existed, the Black Iron Fey Monarch was almost invincible.
If that human kid absorbed it, it would be a huge blow to the Black Iron Beast King.
Therefore, the three Demon Kings outside the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire wanted to stop Luo Zheng from absorbing the Sky-daemon Sacred Fire at all costs.
It was not hard to guess what the three Demon Kings were thinking. When the three Demon Kings flapped their wings, all the Illumination Realm experts understood their purpose.
"Stop them. Do not retreat even a single step, even if you have to pay with your life." Xing Tiansu waved his sledgehammer and gave the order.
In fact, even if he did not say it, all the Illumination Realm experts would have done so.
At this moment, the outcome of the battle between Yun Luo and the Black Iron Daemon King would determine the outcome of the battle. If Yun Luo lost, the entire White Emperor City would be lost. If the White Emperor City was lost, the entire Sky-Scorching Dynasty would be threatened!
"Roar!" Xu Xiu waved his hands, and a five-clawed golden dragon charged towards one of the Demon Kings.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!" Suddenly, countless small silver swords appeared around Zhu Feihang. Those small silver swords spun rapidly in one direction like a snowstorm. They formed a huge storm of swords, blocking the path of the three Daemon Kings.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!" Another Illumination Realm expert threw out three talismans. These seemingly ordinary talismans instantly turned into a huge lightning storm, flashing with dizzying lightning and releasing a terrifying aura.
All the Illumination Realm experts began to use their strongest moves.
"No matter what, we can't let them get close to Luo Zheng. Use your strongest moves!" Another Illumination Realm expert roared.
Although the attacks of the Divine Illumination Realm experts were sharp, the three Demon Kings were unafraid of death. They relied on their nimble speed and strong bodies to force their way forward.
The injured Fey Monarch didn't rush over in the end. After being restrained by a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Zhu Feihang suddenly formed a huge sword formation with a total of 1,080 small silver swords.
This sword formation was Zhu Feihang's Great Celestial Slaughter Formation. This sword formation was Zhu Feihang's strongest killing move. When he was young, he had been able to control 108 small silver swords to form the Great Celestial Slaughter Formation.
Later on, Zhu Feihang had multiplied the number of small silver swords by 10 times and created the Great Celestial Slaughter Formation. The number of small silver swords had increased by 10 times, but the power had increased by more than 10 times.
Zhu Feihang had once used this Great Heavenly Star Sword Formation to kill an ordinary Demon King. The Demon King in front of him was not only an ordinary Demon King, but it was also injured. While it was in a daze, 1,080 small silver swords continuously shot into its body.
No matter how strong the Demon King's body was, it could not withstand more than a thousand small swords. Its huge body was riddled with holes, and it finally fell to the ground.
After killing one demon monarch, there were only two demon monarchs left.
One of them was an ordinary Demon King. This ordinary Demon King was easy to deal with. Under the joint attack of several Illumination Realm experts, its momentum was blocked.
However, the most troublesome one was Heaven's Might Demon King!
Heaven's Might Demon King was the same as Black Iron Demon King. They were both famous Demon Kings and were much stronger than ordinary Demon Kings.
The ones blocking Heaven's Might Demon King were Xing Tiansu and a few other Illumination Realm experts.
"You guys, spread out a little. Pay attention to Heaven's Might Buddha! I'll stop him from the front! "Xing Tiansu commanded the formation while controlling his Quintessential Essence Avatar.
There were only two people in White Emperor City who could fight Black Iron Demon King and Heaven's Might Demon King head-on. One of them was Xing Tiansu, and the other was Yun Luo.
Xing Tiansu floated in mid-air. Suddenly, he took a deep breath and inhaled. His entire lower abdomen suddenly swelled up.
Xing Tiansu's True Energy Incarnation, which was dozens of meters tall, began to shrink bit by bit. Eventually, the True Energy Incarnation was compressed to twice the size of Xing Tiansu's body.
After the Quintessential Essence was highly compressed, every inch of it was more than a hundred times stronger. The originally blurry Quintessential Essence Avatar was now like a real entity. It attached itself to Xing Tiansu's body, flashing with golden light.
His Quintessential Essence Avatar was like a custom-made armor, attaching itself to Xing Tiansu's body.
This move was similar to "Quintessential Essence Armor", but it was not the same. This was because the "armor" formed from a huge Quintessential Essence Avatar was much stronger than an ordinary Quintessential Essence Armor!
Xing Tiansu's eyes were fixed on Heaven's Might Demon King, who was charging towards him. Heaven's Might Demon King was extremely fast. From afar, it looked like a black line in the sky.
"Kill!" Xing Tiansu waved his huge hammer, attacking Heaven's Might Demon King head-on.
At the same time, the other Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses exuded powerful auras as they followed Xing Tiansu towards Heaven's Might Demon King.
Heaven's Might Demon King's wings flapped wildly. When he saw the Quintessential Essence of various colors charging towards him, he let out a strange sound from his throat.
"Keke, don't even think about stopping me. Heaven's Might Stupa …"
Streams of Demonic Qi gushed out of its body. As soon as the Demonic Qi rushed out of its body, it condensed into black pillars. On the pillars, there were black chains swinging wildly.
"Everyone, be careful and avoid these stupas. If you are caught by one, you will die!" After Xing Tiansu finished speaking, he swung his huge hammer at one of the incoming stupas.
When Xing Tiansu's hammer came into contact with the stupa, the chains on the stupa quickly climbed up and twisted towards Xing Tiansu's hammer.
Xing Tiansu sneered and swung his other hammer at the same time.
Clang!
A ripple was transmitted at a speed visible to the naked eye between the hammer and the stupa, reverberating through a radius of 100 miles.
Even the demon soldiers and generals engaged in a fierce battle in the White Emperor City reflexively looked up at the sky with fear in their eyes. The power of this attack was unimaginably terrifying to most people.
The Heaven's Might Stupa was smashed to pieces by Xing Tiansu's hammer. It turned into specks of demonic aura that dissipated between heaven and earth.
However, the other Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses did not have such an easy time against the Heaven's Might Stupa.
One of the Divine Illumination Realm powerhouses wielding a blade brandished his huge blade as the Heaven's Might Stupa approached. The Divine Illumination Realm powerhouse's Quintessential Essence burned furiously as his blade intent turned into a line of blood that sliced towards the Heaven's Might Stupa.
This Divine Illumination Realm powerhouse was very confident in his own strength. His "Blood Cutter" was a high-grade spiritual weapon. Ever since he had entered the Divine Illumination Realm, he had never encountered anything that he could not cut with his Blood Cutter. He believed that he could cut the Heaven's Might Stupa in two with one slash.
"Crack!"
When his "Blood Cutter" cut into the Heaven's Might Stupa, his expression changed drastically. The Blood Cutter, which had always been successful, had actually failed to cut the Heaven's Might Stupa. It had only cut halfway, and the blade of the Blood Cutter had sunk deep into the stupa.
This bladesman had been able to enter the Divine Illumination Realm, so he had been a famous powerhouse for a long time. Besides the Imperial Capital, he could dominate any place in the Eastern Region. However, even the Heaven's Might Stupa summoned by the Heaven's Might Stupa could not cut it!
He wanted to pull his saber out of the stupa, but when he tried, it didn't budge.