The Illumination Spirit Realm expert's expression changed drastically. He wanted to circulate his Quintessential Essence to break free from the shackles of these chains. However, when he tried to do so, he realized that he could not condense the Quintessential Essence in his body!
Thus, he was bound to the Heavenly Might Stupa and fell rapidly downwards!
This was the ability of the Heaven's Might Buddha. Anyone who was bound to the Heaven's Might Buddha would have their true essence sealed. A Divine Illuminating Realm powerhouse who was unable to use their true essence would have their mortal body stronger than an ordinary martial artist's. They would have no other advantages!
In addition to this swordsman, two other people were bound by the Heavenly Might Stupa and fell to the ground.
Only Xing Tiansu alone had used brute force to break the Heaven's Might Stupa. The other two Illumination Spirit Realm experts had special movement techniques that allowed them to avoid the Heavenly Might Stupa's attack.
"Besides the Heavenly Might Stupa, the Heavenly Might Demon King's body is also very strong. Now that there are only three of us left, we must stop him!" Xing Tiansu took the lead and swung his sledgehammer at the Heavenly Might Demon King …
To be able to avoid the Heavenly Might Stupa's attack, the remaining two Illumination Spirit Realm experts were also elites who were adept at moving around. Together with Xing Tiansu, they managed to forcefully delay the Heavenly Might Demon King's attack.
At this moment, within the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire.
Luo Zheng's body was absorbing the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire faster and faster. More than half of the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire had been absorbed by his body.
The remaining black fog was becoming thinner and thinner. The figures of the Black Iron Fey King and Yun Luo could also be vaguely seen.
The Black Iron Fey King's expression was rather ugly.
Its greatest reliance was the Heavenly Fey's Sacred Fire. As long as it had the Sacred Fire, it could instantly recover from any injuries it sustained. Both its speed and strength would be greatly enhanced. Moreover, its Demonic Qi recovery speed would be three times faster than in the outside world!
This was also why the Black Iron Fey King had no qualms about competing with Yun Luo in terms of Quintessential Essence.
In the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire, all his abilities were greatly enhanced and he was almost immortal.
But now … all of the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire had been absorbed by that damned brat.
The Heavenly Demonic Saint Fire could be used to refine the bodies of the monsters. If a Monster General were to cultivate in the Heavenly Demonic Saint Fire, the chances of him breaking through to the Monster King realm would increase by ten times!
However, no demon could absorb the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in such an exaggerated manner. Not even the Black Iron Fey King could do it!
The Black Iron Fey Monarch had also used a secret technique to seal the Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in his Fey core. If he absorbed so much Heavenly Fey Sacred Fire in one go, he would explode and die.
"Is this human still human? No … What the hell is this human? Why is his body able to withstand the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire?! "
In contrast, Yun Luo was much calmer. Although she was curious as to how Luo Zheng could absorb the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, she was not very curious about anything. Moreover, her understanding of the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was far less than the Black Iron Demonic King. She did not know how powerful and terrifying the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire was.
Therefore, she continued to draw out the vital essence in her body to fight against the Black Iron Beast King.
However, the rate of her vital essence consumption was much faster than the Black Iron Beast King's. At this moment, due to the excessive consumption of vital essence, her face was already pale.
Seeing Yun Luo's appearance, the Black Iron Beast King had a plan. After all, he was an extremely powerful Fey King. He believed that his Fey Qi was much more than a human girl's!
Even without the help of the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, he was still confident that he could defeat Yun Luo!
Xing Tiansu and the others were overjoyed when they saw the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire gradually thinning out.
However, when they saw Yun Luo and the Black Iron Beast King competing in vital essence, their expressions turned ugly.
A Fey King's Fey Qi was much more than a human's.
Yun Luo was an anomaly among humans. Her vital essence was very special. At the same time, the vital essence in her dantian was many times more than that of an ordinary Illuminating Spirit Realm expert. However, she was still far inferior to a Fey King, let alone a Black Iron Beast King.
"Go help her!" Xing Tiansu used his sledgehammer to block an attack from Heavenly Demonic King and ordered a Illuminating Spirit Realm expert beside him.
After the Illuminating Spirit Realm expert obeyed, a beacon fire surged beneath his feet. He was about to rush towards Yun Luo. These Illuminating Spirit Realm experts knew that when competing in vital essence, it was taboo to have someone interfere. This was because both parties would not be able to find the time to receive other attacks. The slightest distraction would result in a backlash from the opponent's vital essence.
This Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse was also known for his speed. The Fire Beacon under his feet was extremely fast. Just now, even the Heavenly Might Stupa was unable to do anything to him.
However, just as this Illuminating Spirit Realm expert was about to rush over, Heavenly Might Demon King was one step ahead and blocked his path.
Previously, Heaven's Might Beast King had wanted to stop Luo Zheng from absorbing the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Flame because the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Flame was extremely important to the Black Iron Beast King. Now that the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Flame had been completely absorbed by Luo Zheng, Heaven's Might Beast King also saw that the Black Iron Beast King was actually competing with the human girl in terms of Zhen Essence.
Heavenly Might Demon King understood that the human girl would definitely lose!
Therefore, Heavenly Might Demon King and the human Illuminating Spirit Realm experts had swapped roles. Now, it was his turn to stop Xing Tiansu and the other Illuminating Spirit Realm experts.
At this moment, whether it was Heavenly Might Demon King or Xing Tiansu and the others, they all chose to ignore one person. That person was Luo Zheng, who was lying on the light screen.
Just like the last time, his body was burning hot. It was burning hot.
The Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire had been absorbed by the golden vortexes on Luo Zheng's body, which was equivalent to refining his body again.
"This feeling, I really don't want to experience it again!" Luo Zheng sat down on the light screen and shook his arms. Suddenly, he felt something strange on his chest.
"Eh? There's an additional spiritual inscription on my chest! " Seeing the spiritual inscription, Luo Zheng was overjoyed. After absorbing the Earth Core Fire underground last time, there was an additional spiritual inscription on his chest, which symbolized that he had become a spiritual weapon. Now, there were two spiritual inscriptions on his chest.
One spiritual inscription was a low-grade spiritual weapon, and two spiritual inscriptions were a middle-grade spiritual weapon!
A smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. At the same time, he was somewhat puzzled. According to the previous rules, he had to absorb the flames in order to refine his body. However, why was absorbing the black mist now having the same effect?
What he didn't know was that the black mist was the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire of the Demon Clan. It was also a type of flame, but a special kind of flame.
At the same time, Luo Zheng found that something special had appeared on his body.
There were two more unique inscriptions on his arms. In the middle of these inscriptions, there was an empty space the size of an egg. He raised his arms and looked at them for a long time with a blank expression.
He didn't know why these inscriptions appeared on his arms. However, he seemed to have vaguely seen these inscriptions somewhere before. They were somewhat familiar.
However, he had just absorbed the black mist, and now his mind was in a state of paste. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't remember where he had seen these inscriptions before.
"Eh? What are the two people up there doing? "
Luo Zheng sat on the light screen and looked up. Not far away, the Black Iron Demon King and Yun Luo were facing each other. They just stood there strangely. Between them, there was a Demon Qi constantly spreading forward. However, halfway through, it seemed to be blocked by some kind of invisible force.
Yun Luo's Genuine Essence was invisible and colorless, so Luo Zheng naturally couldn't see it. However, Luo Zheng's soul was strong, so he could feel Yun Luo's Genuine Essence.
"A competition of Genuine Essence?"
Luo Zheng, who was slow to react, finally understood.
After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, it was indeed possible to rely on Genuine Essence to suppress the opponent. There were some people who specialized in cultivation methods to strengthen Genuine Essence. In the process of battle, they didn't face the enemy head-on. Instead, they looked for opportunities to drag the opponent into a battle of attrition and compete purely with Genuine Essence!
Although this method was dangerous, it could maximize the advantages of Genuine Essence.
Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo's slightly pale face and understood that Yun Luo was now at a disadvantage.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't anxious in the slightest. He even calmly lay on the light screen and leisurely looked up.
Yun Luo only glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng below, then withdrew her gaze. She was still very focused on releasing her Genuine Essence, and didn't ask Luo Zheng for help.
However, at this moment, the first to ask for help from Luo Zheng was Xing Tiansu.
Because of Heavenly Might Demon King's obstruction, Xing Tiansu couldn't help Yun Luo. However, although they couldn't come over, their voices could still be transmitted. By borrowing the power of Genuine Essence, their voices could be transmitted very far away.
"Luo Zheng! Yun Luo's victory or defeat is very important. It may directly affect the survival of White Emperor City. Can you help her? "Xing Tiansu shouted loudly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng turned over on the light screen. Xing Tiansu's words had some effect. In fact, if it had been any other human in front of him, no matter who it was, he would have already gone up to help. The reason he didn't care was because he was angry at Yun Luo's methods.
However, Xing Tiansu's words were very reasonable.
If Yun Luo was really defeated, White Emperor City would be destroyed and Luo Zheng would definitely be finished. These demon kings would probably be able to kill him with just a flick of their fingers.
As he thought of this, Luo Zheng reluctantly got up.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had finally moved, Xing Tiansu and the other Divine Reflection Realm experts were delighted. However, at the same time, they were deeply worried.
After all, the other party was a Black Iron Demon King!
Luo Zheng was only a little guy at the half-step Xiantian Realm.
When competing with Genuine Essence, one couldn't be distracted. Once one was distracted, the opponent would take advantage of the opportunity to counterattack.
However, Luo Zheng's strength was too weak. Even if the Black Iron Demon King didn't get distracted, he would probably be able to kill Luo Zheng.
However, nothing could be known without trying. Now, only Luo Zheng could give it a try.