This light curtain was oval-shaped and looked like a huge egg in the air.
Luo Zheng climbed along the edge and soon arrived at the center of the eggshell. At this time, Luo Zheng was only ten meters away from the Black Iron Beast King.
It was said that when competing in Zhen Yuan, people couldn't be distracted at all. However, that guy was a Beast King after all, which was far beyond the scope of ordinary humans. If Luo Zheng rashly rushed over and was pierced by a bone spike, his life would be over.
It was better to be careful.
The safest way was to use the broken flying dagger to attack. He didn't expect his flying dagger to be able to kill the Beast King, but as long as it could stab him, it would be enough to have a considerable impact on him!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's finger shook slightly and the broken flying dagger jumped out of his Sumeru Ring. Then, he faced the Black Iron Beast King and waved his hand. The broken flying dagger shot towards the Black Iron Beast King's back.
At this moment, the Black Iron Beast King was secretly complaining. When he released the Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire, he sensed that the human brat was also included in it.
However, the Black Iron Beast King didn't take that brat seriously at all. To the Black Iron Beast King, that half-step Xiantian brat was just an ant. How much trouble could an ant cause? With the corrosive power of the Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire, it wouldn't take long for that brat to be completely corroded.
However, the Black Iron Beast King never imagined that the human brat would not only not be corroded, but also devour his Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire.
The way this happened was too strange.
It was this strangeness that made the Black Iron Beast King a little vigilant.
Because from the beginning, Yun Luo used a barrier to tie that brat to the battlefield. If that brat hadn't been able to devour his Heavenly Beast Sacred Fire, he would simply be a burden to that human girl.
Therefore, the Black Iron Beast King believed that this was not a coincidence, but premeditated.
Since it was premeditated, it must have been planned in all aspects. He was afraid that the human race had other tricks up their sleeves.
As a result, he watched Luo Zheng climb up and shoot a flying dagger at him.
The broken flying dagger flew extremely fast and arrived at the Black Iron Beast King's back in an instant.
"What a sharp flying knife. However, I'm afraid it's not enough to distract me," the Black Iron Daemon King said calmly.
The broken flying knife, which had always been successful, seemed to encounter a great resistance the moment it shot towards the back of the Black Iron Demon King. Then, it deviated to the side.
At this moment, the battle in the sky outside had also stopped. Everyone was facing off against the remaining two Daemon Kings. Both sides were very nervous as they watched the Black Iron Daemon King's actions.
"What a pity." Xing Tiansu shook his head. The strength of a Half-step Innate was indeed not enough. If this flying knife had been shot by Xing Tiansu, the Black Iron Goblin King would not have been able to dodge and would have died.
Many Divine Illumination Realm experts were disappointed. It was unwise to have placed too much hope on a half-step Connate kid.
Heaven's Might Demon King and another ordinary Daemon King looked slightly relaxed. The kid from the Human Clan was still too weak. He was like a powerful lion fighting with a leopard. What could an ant do?
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng blinked and gently pinched his thumb. The broken flying knife, which had fallen to the ground, returned to his hand.
Then he threw a few more flying daggers at the back of the Black Iron Demon King. Every time the broken flying daggers got close to the back of the Demon King, the flying daggers would lose their aim. They would either fly up or slide down. One time, they even turned around and shot back at Luo Zheng. Fortunately, Luo Zheng dodged quickly. Otherwise, he would have been injured by his own flying daggers.
After several fruitless attempts, Luo Zheng gave up the broken flying knife. This time, he used the Heavenly Devil Fist.
Luo Zheng drew out the Genuine Qi in his body and took a deep breath quietly. Then, he assumed the starting posture of the Heavenly Devil Fist. Then, he gathered the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi and punched towards the Black Iron Demon King.
"Demonic Shaking the World!"
A purple-black fist shadow suddenly shot out from Luo Zheng's hand.
"Hit!"
Luo Zheng was very confident in the Heavenly Devil Fist. After all, he had defeated Xu Xiu, a Divine Illumination Realm expert, with the help of the Divine Illumination Fist. Although Luo Zheng knew that it was because Xu Xiu was in a daze and didn't know how to dodge …
"Puff …"
When the purplish-black fist shadow reached the back of the Black Iron Fey Monarch, it also collided with the invisible force field!
It was ineffective! Luo Zheng's brows furrowed deeply.
If the Heavenly Devil Fist was ineffective, Luo Zheng would really be at his wit's end.
Unless he got close to the Black Iron Demon King.
However, when he thought of the Black Iron Demon King's abnormal strength, he was afraid that he would be in danger if he really turned around to deal with him.
"Insignificant human, if you stop, I will consider not killing you after taking White Emperor City. You will be my servant," the Black Iron Demon King suddenly said. It seemed that although he had avoided Luo Zheng's attack, he was still very wary of Luo Zheng's constant probing behind him.
It would have been better if the Black Iron Demon King had not spoken. Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and sneered, "I am not interested in being anyone's servant!"
"Then what do you want to be?" the Black Iron Demon King asked.
"Haha, how about being your elder? Like your father? "Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
The Black Iron Demon King's voice suddenly sank. "Human, do you know the consequences of insulting me?"
"I don't know what they are. I only know that humans and demons are irreconcilable. Don't expect to persuade me with these petty benefits," Luo Zheng retorted coldly.
"Good, I like unyielding humans. I hope you won't regret it when the time comes!" After the Black Iron Demon King finished speaking, he suddenly increased the speed of releasing his demon aura.
As soon as the demon aura on the Black Iron Demon King's side increased, the pressure on Yun Luo's side suddenly doubled. At this moment, Yun Luo's small, egg-shaped face was deathly pale. Obviously, she was struggling to hold on.
Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo. Even at the most painful time, this expressionless little girl's face did not show the slightest trace of pain. However, because of this, she looked even more pitiful.
"Well, let's give it a try!"
Luo Zheng knew that he had no choice but to fight the Black Iron Demon King. Once Yun Luo was defeated, Luo Zheng's fate would be worse than that of the people in White Emperor City.
Therefore, he leaned against the light curtain, bent his legs, and suddenly jumped up and pounced on the Black Iron Demon King.
The distance of thirty feet was quickly closed with just a single leap.
Seeing Luo Zheng pounce on her, Yun Luo seized the opportunity. At this moment, the amount of Vital Essence she released increased greatly. At this moment, as long as the Black Iron Demon King was distracted, Yun Luo would be able to take him down.
It all depended on whether Luo Zheng could distract the Black Iron Demon King.
The moment Luo Zheng got close, a pale yellow spike emerged from between his eyebrows and stabbed towards the Black Iron Demon King.
"Frightening Spirit Spike!"
Luo Zheng did not expect his Frightening Spirit Spike to be able to hurt such a powerful demon king. However, he only needed the Frightening Spirit Spike to distract the Black Iron Demon King.
The Frightening Spirit Spike pierced directly towards the Black Iron Demon King's head.
"It hit!"
The pale yellow Frightening Spirit Spike pierced the Black Iron Demon King's head.
However, the Black Iron Demon King did not seem to have any reaction!
"Kaka … interesting. This little guy can even use spiritual attacks. However, although your soul is much stronger than ordinary humans, it's still weaker than mine. It can't affect me at all! If your soul was a little stronger, I'm afraid I would be in trouble today. "The Black Iron Demon King said lightly," Now, it's you who is in trouble! "
As soon as the Black Iron Demon King finished speaking, Luo Zheng felt an invisible force rolling towards him.
Luo Zheng's Broken Flying Dagger and Heavenly Demon God Fist were both dissolved by this invisible force. Luo Zheng did not expect that this invisible force could be used to attack people!
How powerful was this force?
Luo Zheng, who was in mid-air, had no way to avoid it.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's body collided with the invisible force, making a loud noise. Then, Luo Zheng was fiercely slapped away by the force!
"Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! "
This invisible force was so strong that Luo Zheng was slapped directly onto the layer of light curtain below. The powerful impact made Luo Zheng bounce off the light curtain like a rubber ball and hit the "ceiling" at the top.
After bouncing up and down four or five times, the huge force disappeared completely. Luo Zheng fell to the bottom of the light curtain and lay on the ground, motionless.
"Are you dead? Haha! You're just an ant. Do you really think you can bite me? "The Black Iron Demon King laughed sinisterly.
Yun Luo's eyes gently fell on Luo Zheng. Her face was still indifferent and serious, but her eyes trembled slightly. Her white pupils revealed a trace of danger.
The other Divine Illumination Realm experts also shook their heads. It was unrealistic to count on Luo Zheng. It seemed that they had thought too much. After all, even an ordinary Divine Illumination Realm expert would be under great pressure when facing the Black Iron Demon King.
Luo Zheng's bones were probably broken after being hit by such a huge force. He probably couldn't get up.
However, to everyone's surprise, Luo Zheng's arm suddenly moved. Then, he raised his head. Although it was difficult for him to get up, he still got up!
After getting up from the ground, Luo Zheng moved his body. The force of the blow just now was so terrifying that it almost broke his waist.
However, the huge force of the blow created a trickle of warmth in his body. It washed his dantian, making Luo Zheng feel very comfortable.
If it wasn't for the danger to his life, Luo Zheng would have been willing to go up and take a few more blows. Maybe he could break through to the Xiantian Realm.
When the Black Iron Demon King saw that Luo Zheng could still get up, its ugly eyes trembled slightly, indicating that it was still very surprised.
As for Yun Luo's expressionless face, it was unknown whether it was a coincidence or not, but the corners of her mouth curved slightly. It looked like she was smiling!
One should know that some people once said that they would rather believe that the sun would never rise than believe that Yun Luo would smile. It was unknown what they would think when they saw Yun Luo's expression.
No one noticed Yun Luo's smile. Naturally, Luo Zheng didn't notice it either. He was still studying how to deal a fatal blow to the Black Iron Demon King!
Luo Zheng stepped on the light screen and walked back and forth. His eyes inadvertently glanced at Xu Xiu in the distance. He stared at Xu Xiu for a while, and his eyes suddenly lit up. Then, he waved at Xu Xiu.
Strictly speaking, Xu Xiu wasn't a particularly stupid person. Those who could enter the Divine Illumination Realm were all geniuses and extremely talented people.
When Xu Xiu felt Luo Zheng's gaze, he instantly understood!
Then, Luo Zheng waved his hand at Xu Xiu.
After Luo Zheng waved his hand, Xu Xiu stretched out his hand. A five-clawed golden dragon appeared in his hand and shot at Luo Zheng in the distance!
＝＝＝＝＝