The two Daemon Kings could stop the Illumination God Realm expert from going over, but they couldn't stop him from releasing his True Yuan.
At the same time, the two Daemon Kings didn't understand why that person had summoned the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
The Five-Clawed Golden Dragon circled around and flew towards Luo Zheng at a uniform speed. When the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon was a certain distance away from the island, Luo Zheng clenched his fists and punched the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
"Demon Moves the World!"
A purplish black shadow of a fist flew towards the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon. With a "Pop!", the shadow of the fist sank into the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
The shadow of the fist only left a small black spot on the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon's body. In an instant, the small black spot expanded rapidly, and the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon turned into a Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
Luo Zheng controlled the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to circle around in the air.
In the distance, Zhu Feihang seemed to have thought of something, and his eyes suddenly lit up!
Zhu Feihang waved his hand, and a small silver sword flashed from his hand. The moment it appeared, it shot towards the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon.
Xu Xiu also continued to work hard. He summoned another Five-Clawed Golden Dragon from his hand and attacked it towards Luo Zheng.
Whether it was the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon or the small silver sword, Luo Zheng absorbed them all. He controlled the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to devour them one by one.
Under this devouring, the Five-Clawed Black Dragon under Luo Zheng's control began to rapidly expand by more than two times.
Seeing this scene, how could the Illumination God Realm experts not understand?
This was equivalent to releasing True Yuan to feed Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
Everyone present, except for Xing Tiansu, who was a True Yuan avatar and couldn't release True Yuan, drew out True Yuan from their bodies and shot it towards Luo Zheng.
The five-clawed Black Dragon continued to devour true essence. With every bit of true essence it devoured, its body would grow larger and its aura would also grow stronger. After an incense stick of time, a massive five-clawed Black Dragon appeared in the sky!
Even Xing Tiansu was secretly shocked by the power of this Five-Clawed Black Dragon. "This young man's True Qi is terrifying. He can actually achieve such power with the strength of a Half-step to the Xiantian Realm! It's really rare! "
Xu Xiu looked at the five-clawed black dragon with his mouth wide open. Who present could withstand such a powerful attack? Even Xing Tiansu's soul would be destroyed by this Five-Clawed Black Dragon's Soul's Black Dragon. It seemed that it was no wonder he was defeated by Luo Zheng Luo Zheng's Xiu..
. Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Luo Zheng, Luo. Luo Zheng Luo Luo..
Luo '''s Luo Lun't Luo Zheng, Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo's Luo Zheng Luan Luo's was Luo Black Black Dragon Dragon,'s Luluo Zheng Luo 'Luo Luo' ''s Luluo' '', Luo, Luo
Unless something inconceivable had happened.
Obviously, this incredible thing was what Luo Zheng was doing.
Luo Zheng had used the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon's True Qi and the True Qi of several Illuminating Spirit Realm experts to cultivate such a terrifying Five-Clawed Black Dragon. Although it was powerful, it had a fatal flaw!
In a real battle, any Illuminating Spirit Realm expert or Demon King would not be afraid of this Five-Clawed Black Dragon.
This was because Luo Zheng's strength was still weak. He was only a Half-step to the Xiantian Realm. The Five-Clawed Black Dragon's flying speed could not catch up with the Demon King and Illuminating Spirit Realm experts.
No one would stand there foolishly and let the Five-Clawed Black Dragon attack them.
They just needed to escape and wait for Luo Zheng's Five-Clawed Black Dragon to dissipate. Then, they could come back and kill Luo Zheng.
However, today's situation was perfect for this Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
The Black Iron Demon King was competing with Yun Luo's True Qi. At this moment, it was very troublesome for him to be distracted, let alone move.
When the Black Iron Demon King saw the Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, his face turned ugly. He really could not imagine that the human boy could do this!
At the same time, the Black Iron Demon King was completely confused! Was this a trap from the beginning, or was everything just a coincidence?
If it was a trap, it was too risky. Why did he put all his hopes on the human boy, who was only a Half-step to the Xiantian Realm? It was impossible!
But if it was a coincidence, did God want him to die? The Black Iron Demon King's heart was filled with unwillingness! These Illuminating Spirit Realm humans were obviously vulnerable, but in the end, such a situation happened!
Not only was his Heavenly Demon Sacred Fire taken away by the boy, but he also created such a huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon to take his life.
"I'm not willing!"
Just as the Black Iron Demon King was shouting in his heart, Luo Zheng had already controlled the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to drill through the light curtain and charge toward the Black Iron Demon King.
Yun Luo was also very cooperative. She almost drew out all the True Qi in her body at the same time. She was determined to kill the Black Iron Demon King with one blow.
"Roar!"
As the Five-Clawed Black Dragon pounced on the Black Iron Demon King, it raised its head and roared. With endless power, it opened its mouth to bite the Black Iron Demon King.
The Black Iron Demon King was in a dilemma. Dodge? Yun Luo would never let him go. He was bound to be attacked by the little human girl. Could he withstand the attack of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon?
How was that possible?
Even the Black Iron Demon King was not confident.
Moreover, even if he could withstand the attack of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon and luckily survived, the little human girl would not let him go!
"Ga ga! Human boy, I'll make you pay with your life! "
In desperation, the Black Iron Demon King finally understood that there was only one way left in front of him, and that was to risk his life!
The Black Iron Demon King suddenly retracted his Demon Qi. In a battle of True Qi, retracting his True Qi was undoubtedly suicidal.
However, the Black Iron Demon King had no choice.
The moment he retracted his Demon Qi, Yun Luo's True Qi followed and pressed down on the Black Iron Demon King.
"Pu!"
The Black Iron Demon King spat out a mouthful of Demon Qi. The Demon Qi emitted from his body weakened a lot. Obviously, he was seriously injured.
This was also because Yun Luo had consumed too much of her Quintessential Essence when she was competing with the Black Iron Demon King. Otherwise, Yun Luo would have directly caused the Black Iron Demon King to explode and die!
The seriously injured Black Iron Demon King flapped his wings and moved in a flash, avoiding the attack of Luo Zheng's huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon. At the same time, he flapped his wings again and rushed toward Luo Zheng from the side.
Obviously, the Black Iron Demon King hated Luo Zheng to the core and wanted to kill him as soon as possible!
In the face of the Black Iron Demon King's rushing momentum, Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly. He stepped on the light curtain and ran frantically for his life.
The one chasing him was a Demon King, not a Demon General!
If he encountered a Demon General, Luo Zheng still had the strength to fight. But when facing an existence like a Demon King, Luo Zheng could only run for his life. Looking at the current situation, even if he wanted to escape, he was afraid that he couldn't!
"What bad luck!"
Luo Zheng thought gloomily as he ran. Why did this kind of thing have to come to him?
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng heard a gust of wind by his ear.
Without thinking, Luo Zheng rolled on the ground, almost relying on his conditioned reflex. A cyan-gray Bone Spur passed by Luo Zheng's ear.
The Demon King's Bone Spur was more than 10 times more powerful and faster than the Demon General's Bone Spur. Although the Bone Spur did not pierce Luo Zheng, the wind it created made Luo Zheng's cheeks sting.
After rolling on the ground, Luo Zheng immediately got up and threw the broken throwing knife without looking at it.
The difference in speed between him and the Black Iron Demon King was too great. At this moment, he could not rely on his vision to fight. He had to rely on his instincts and feelings.
It had to be said that Luo Zheng's fighting instincts had been honed to a very mature level. The throwing knife shot straight at the Black Iron Demon King.
If it was an ordinary Demon General, the broken throwing knife would have pierced through it. However, the opponent was the Black Iron Demon King. Even though it was seriously injured and had less than 10% of its strength left, it was still an unbeatable existence in front of Luo Zheng.
"Pa!"
The Black Iron Demon King stretched out its hand and slapped Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife aside. The broken throwing knife, which had always been successful, could not cause any harm to the Demon King.
Although the broken throwing knife did not succeed, it still bought Luo Zheng a little time to escape. At least he was three meters away from the Black Iron Demon King.
Unfortunately, the Black Iron Demon King's speed was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. With a flap of the fleshy wings on its back, its huge body broke through the air and pounced on Luo Zheng.
"Die, human brat! I will suck your flesh and blood dry! " Four Bone Spurs extended from the Black Iron Demon King's body and pierced towards Luo Zheng from different directions.