At this moment, Luo Zheng felt the danger behind him.
However, there were many things in the world that could not be avoided. Even though Luo Zheng knew where the danger was coming from, he could not avoid it or get rid of it!
Since he could not get rid of it, he would turn back and fight!
Luo Zheng jumped up and turned around in the air. He saw the Black Iron Demon King close behind him. There were several bone spurs on its body that were even closer to him. The closest bone spur was only a few feet away from the tip of his nose.
"Boom!"
"Roar!"
A Five-Clawed Black Dragon descended from above Luo Zheng's head. It let out a deafening roar and rushed down from the sky at a vertical angle.
The previous Five-Clawed Black Dragon's attack had been dodged by the Black Iron Demon King, but it did not dissipate. Luo Zheng had been controlling the Five-Clawed Black Dragon to advance parallel to him.
Now that all of Luo Zheng's trump cards had lost their effectiveness, he could only control this huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon to defend himself!
If the Black Iron Demon King really wanted to kill him regardless of the consequences, it could still kill him by withstanding the impact of this huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon!
If the Black Iron Demon King did not dare to risk his life, he would still have a chance to survive.
The Black Iron Demon King was very unwilling to give up. Seeing this human brat in front of it, it could immediately kill him. However, that damned Five-Clawed Black Dragon in the sky rushed down.
"Kaka, cunning human brat, do you think you can escape?" The Black Iron Demon King flapped its wings and strangely circled around from the side. It seemed that it wanted to kill Luo Zheng again after the Five-Clawed Black Dragon circled around it.
Unfortunately, the Black Iron Demon King's wishful thinking did not go well.
Luo Zheng smiled at the Black Iron Demon King and gently waved his finger. The Five-Clawed Black Dragon changed its direction slightly and swallowed Luo Zheng in one gulp!
This huge five-clawed black dragon was originally formed from the Heavenly Devil True Qi, and this Heavenly Devil True Qi belonged to Luo Zheng. Therefore, when Luo Zheng was inside the body of the five-clawed black dragon, not only was he not injured, but he was also controlling the five-clawed black dragon to wrap himself up.
The Black Iron Monster King clearly didn't expect that Luo Zheng would use this move. Originally, he was determined to take Luo Zheng's life, but now that Luo Zheng was hidden deep within the body of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon, he couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng!
"Kekeke …" The Black Iron Demon King roared. Suddenly, dozens of bluish-gray bone spikes shot out from its body.
The bone spurs penetrated the body of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon and pierced through it from the other side. However, the Black Iron Demon King could not find where Luo Zheng was hiding. He could only shoot randomly without any aim.
Luo Zheng lay quietly at the bottom of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon, not daring to move. The bone spurs pierced through the top of Luo Zheng's head. He was secretly alarmed. At this time, he had to rely on his luck.
In the end, Luo Zheng's luck was better. None of the bone spurs hit Luo Zheng.
The Black Iron Demon King had no way to deal with Luo Zheng. He opened his mouth, which was full of sharp teeth, and roared for a while. Then, he spread his wings and prepared to escape. At this time, he was seriously injured and would die here if he was not careful.
However, just as the Black Iron Archfiend Monarch was about to flee, a blood-colored barrier appeared behind him.
"Blood Prison Barrier!"
"Fate Breaking Barrier!"
"Nine Blade Barrier!"
At this critical moment, Yun Luo finally used her trump card!
In fact, Yun Luo had been preparing for a long time. No matter which type of barrier it was, it would take a long time to prepare.
If the Black Iron Demon King had been prepared to escape from the beginning, Yun Luo might not have been able to stop him. After all, in terms of true strength, the Black Iron Demon King was much stronger than Yun Luo. Even if he was seriously injured, he still had the ability to escape.
However, because Luo Zheng had angered the Black Iron Demon King and caused the Black Iron Demon King to chase after him, Yun Luo had used a secret technique to restore a small part of her True Essence. At the same time, she had also used three powerful barriers.
No matter what type of barrier it was, they were all extremely powerful.
Seeing this, the Black Iron Demon King suddenly rushed towards the edge of the Blood Prison Barrier. With this collision, the Blood Prison Barrier shattered. However, the second layer of the Fate Breaking Barrier blocked the Black Iron Demon King. At the same time, the Blood Prison Barrier instantly returned to its original state and bound the Black Iron Demon King.
If the Black Iron Demon King was at his peak, even these three barriers would not have been able to stop him. However, at this time, he was seriously injured and could no longer break through the three barriers set by Yun Luo.
"Luo Zheng, control your Five-Clawed Black Dragon and rush into the barriers!" Yun Luo, who was floating in the air not far away, said softly.
In fact, Luo Zheng was very resistant to Yun Luo's words. He had no reason to listen to Yun Luo. However, on second thought, this was a rare opportunity to kill the Five-Clawed Black Dragon. As a member of the Human Clan, he naturally had no reason to let it go.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's fingers trembled slightly. The Five-Clawed Black Dragon moved again and rushed towards the Black Iron Demon King.
When the giant Five-Clawed Black Dragon rushed up, Yun Luo controlled the three barriers. Three holes appeared in the three barriers, and the Five-Clawed Black Dragon drilled through the holes one by one.
The Black Iron Demon King was like a trapped beast in a cage. He struggled in the narrow barriers but could not break through them no matter how hard he tried. He could only watch as Luo Zheng controlled the giant Five-Clawed Black Dragon and rushed towards him!
Realizing that he could not escape the fate of death, the Black Iron Demon King roared unwillingly towards the sky, "Humans, you will pay a huge price sooner or later. Ah …"
"Rumble!"
The moment the Five-Clawed Black Dragon crashed into the Black Iron Demon King, the Demon King chose to explode his demon core!
How terrifying was the power of a Demon King's self-explosion?
The pitch-black energy began to surge wildly and expand towards the surroundings. Yun Luo's three barriers only restrained this energy for a moment. Then, they suddenly burst open, causing an even more intense sound and shock wave.
"Boom!"
After the Black Iron Demon King's self-explosion, the light curtain under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly disappeared. Luo Zheng could not fly. With the help of the shock wave, he rushed towards the ground.
Yun Luo was also pushed back quite a distance by the shock wave. She glanced at Luo Zheng expressionlessly. Then, her snow-white figure suddenly flashed and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
After reaching Luo Zheng's side, she gently waved her little hand. Then, six transparent barriers covered Luo Zheng and formed a square barrier, firmly trapping Luo Zheng inside.
Luo Zheng looked at the transparent barriers around him and did not know whether to laugh or cry.
Last time, he was also locked up like this. When he came down, he was still locked up like this. The only difference was that he was treated a little better this time. He did not have to squat so sullenly …
In the end, Yun Luo controlled the barriers and they landed steadily on the ground.
In the sky, the remaining ordinary Demon King and the other Demon King of Heaven's Might saw the Black Iron Demon King's self-explosion and understood that the battle was over. The two Demon Kings flapped their wings and turned into black lines, quickly flying away.
Seeing the Demon Kings fly away, Xing Tiansu and the other strong men in the Divine Reflection Realm understood that the humans had won this battle. They all breathed a sigh of relief and flew towards White Emperor City.
The battle in White Emperor City came to an abrupt end almost at the same time. The Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals who had attacked White Emperor City retreated at this moment. The human Imperial Army chased after them in an organized manner.
"Hey, when will you let me out?" Luo Zheng knocked on the transparent barrier and asked.
Yun Luo clasped her hands behind her back and faced Luo Zheng. She said indifferently, "Why should I let you out?"
"I, I saved your life!" Luo Zheng said angrily.
Yun Luo blinked her eyes. "If you didn't save me, you would have died yourself. The so-called saving my life should be saving your own life."
"…" Luo Zheng was choked by Yun Luo's words. After thinking for a while, he said, "Even so, you don't have to keep me locked up!"
"After I hand you over to the Military Law Office, I can let you go," Yun Luo said again.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. According to this situation, the Military Law Office of the Imperial Army should not make things difficult for him. He had only killed a counselor of the Imperial Army from a Family Zhuge. Now that he had helped the Imperial Army kill a Demon King, he believed that Xu Xiu would not make trouble for him anymore.
After a while, the strong men in the Divine Reflection Realm landed from the sky. Zhu Feihang, Xing Tiansu and the others walked towards Yun Luo.
Xing Tiansu stared at Luo Zheng with a pair of big eyes. His eyes were as big as a cow's. "Yun Luo, quickly let Luo Zheng out. Why are you still keeping him locked up at this time?"
Yun Luo still shook her head. "Let him out after I hand him over to the Military Law Office!"
Zhu Feihang, Xu Xiu and the others heard this and felt a terrible headache. This girl's personality was extremely stubborn! Under such circumstances, she still wanted to send Luo Zheng to the Military Law Office!
"Yun Luo, this person can't be sent to the Military Law Office!" Zhu Feihang stepped forward and said first.
"Why?" Yun Luo asked in return.
"Because he just made a miraculous contribution. He is the great hero who saved our White Emperor City!" Normally, whether it was Zhu Feihang, Xing Tiansu or other strong men in the Divine Reflection Realm, they would not argue with Yun Luo.
Having been stationed in White Emperor City for a long time, they knew Yun Luo's character and personality very well.