Although it was not a big deal to send Luo Zheng to the Military Law Office, and he believed that the Military Law Office would not dare to convict Luo Zheng, he would not allow Yun Luo to do anything to Luo Zheng today.
"Even if he is a great hero, he has offended Xu Xiu and killed a counselor. These crimes are hard to pardon," Yun Luo said stubbornly.
"Yunluo, don't insist on this matter anymore." Xing Tiansu also stood on Zhu Feihang's side. "It's just a counselor. I've investigated it clearly. It was the counselor of the Zhuge Family who provoked Luo Zheng and wanted to kill him. That's why he got himself killed. Moreover, it's just a counselor. It doesn't matter if he's dead. Luo Zheng killed the Black Iron Demon King by coincidence. Not to mention killing a counselor, even if a general died, I can still pardon his crime!"
Even if it's just a counselor, I can still pardon him! "Xing Tiansu's words were quite tough. His meaning was very simple. He was the Supreme Commander of the Imperial Army. Pardoning Luo Zheng's crimes was just a matter of one sentence. He wanted to see what else Yun Luo had to say.
Xu Xiu suddenly stepped forward and said to Yun Luo, "That's right. I won't pursue this matter any further. When I attacked Luo Zheng, it was because I didn't get to the bottom of the matter. If anyone is to blame, it's my fault."
Yun Luo was silent for a while. Then she suddenly nodded and said, "Well, I will not pursue this matter!"
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Xing Tiansu, Zhu Feihang, Xu Xiu, and the others all breathed a sigh of relief. Although everyone was ready to risk everything to fight Yun Luo to the end, they also knew Yun Luo's character. She was not called the Killing Maiden for nothing. If she really went crazy, no one in White Emperor City could stop her!
Then Yun Luo stretched out her hand and gently flicked her finger. The transparent Bounded Domain around Luo Zheng suddenly began to soften, slowly turning into transparent Zhenqi and dissipating between heaven and earth.
"Boy, you've done a meritorious deed! This is a wonderful deed! " Zhu Feihang walked forward and patted Luo Zheng's shoulder. He was more and more satisfied with Luo Zheng. This boy and Zhu Qianning were really a match made in heaven!
Luo Zheng was embarrassed by such a compliment. He just said with a smile, "It's just a coincidence. If Yun Luo hadn't brought me up, I wouldn't have been able to kill the Black Iron Demon King by chance."
In fact, everyone had some doubts in their hearts, because Luo Zheng had happened two incredible things. First, Luo Zheng could absorb the Sacred Fire.
According to what they knew, the Sacred Fire was a panacea for the Demon Race. It was a fortuitous encounter that could only be encountered by chance. However, this was often the case. The Sacred Fire was a good thing for the Demon Race, but it was fatal to humans.
If an ordinary person was tossed into the Celestial Sacred Fire, they would be completely corroded in less than an incense stick's worth of time. Only Divine Reflection experts like Yun Luo could remain unscathed in the Celestial Sacred Fire. However, her spiritual sense and vision were greatly hindered.
However, Luo Zheng was different. He was only a Half-step Xiantian expert. In the eyes of the Divine Reflection Realm experts, he was no different from an ordinary person. Not only did he come out unscathed in the Heavenly Demonic Sacred Fire, but he also absorbed it completely.
What kind of strange thing was this?
Take Xing Tiansu for example. If he had absorbed a little bit of the Sacred Fire, he would have been greatly injured. However, Luo Zheng had absorbed such a large mass of Sacred Fire. Not only did he not die, but he also seemed to be fine. From this point of view, they really could not find any explanation.
The other point was Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan. They already knew about this in the Governor's Mansion, but time was tight at that time, so no one looked into it.
Now that they thought about it, Luo Zheng's natal Zhen Yuan was a little too terrifying. It could actually devour other people's Zhen Yuan and turn it into his own. The Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses had a deep impression of the Five-Clawed Black Dragon that Luo Zheng had summoned.
Although Luo Zheng wanted to summon a Five-Clawed Black Dragon of that level, it could only be born under extreme circumstances.
First of all, there needed to be a Zhen Yuan similar to Xu Xiu's transformation for Luo Zheng to devour. If it was a small silver sword like Zhu Feihang's, which was extremely fast and each small sword was extremely small, it would be more difficult for Luo Zheng to devour and transform it.
In addition, other people were also willing to contribute their Zhen Yuan for Luo Zheng to devour. Only then could such a huge Five-Clawed Black Dragon be cultivated.
The most important situation was the state of the Black Iron Demon King at that time. He was competing with Yun Luo in terms of Zhen Yuan and could not move, so Luo Zheng could attack him unscrupulously. If the situation was different, Luo Zheng's slow Five-Clawed Black Dragon would not even be able to touch the Demon King's shadow.
In any case, under many coincidences, such a miraculous ending was formed. Perhaps it was God's will!
Everyone wanted to unravel these mysteries, but on second thought, although he was only a little guy in the Half-step Xiantian realm, who could easily reveal these secrets to others?
This guy was only in the Half-step Xiantian realm, but he could already achieve so much. As long as they were not brainless, they could imagine his future achievements.
Therefore, everyone suppressed their curiosity. Finally, Zhu Feihang put his arm around Luo Zheng's shoulder and said, "Let's go to the Governor's Mansion first!"
The Demon Clan's attack this time was quite a big blow to White Emperor City. The Emperor's Army suddenly lost a lot of soldiers, and several Divine Reflection Realm experts also died. But overall, this could be considered a great victory!
After all, they killed two Demon Kings at once! One of the Demon Kings was the Black Iron Demon King, who was famous for being difficult to deal with.
After the entire Emperor's Army of White Emperor City defeated the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals, they began to clean up the mess.
"Uncle Feihang, where are Zhu Qianning and the others?" Luo Zheng asked in the Governor's Mansion.
Zhu Feihang smiled and was delighted. This guy was still concerned about Zhu Qianning. In fact, Zhu Feihang misunderstood. Luo Zheng was concerned about the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"They have already been escorted back before the battle began," Zhu Feihang replied.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng was relieved. The entire White Emperor City was in chaos during the battle between the Emperor's Army and the Demon Clan. If the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect stayed in White Emperor City, they would probably suffer a lot of casualties when facing the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals.
On this day, many generals gathered in the Governor's Mansion and reported the casualties of their troops one by one.
Strings of names and numbers were reported from their mouths, and each life was turned into a simple symbol. The Emperor's Army had paid the price of tens of thousands of lives in order to guard the north, block the Demon Clan's advance, and give the people of the south a peaceful and happy environment.
After the number of casualties and White Emperor City's losses were tallied, the ceremony to show off their achievements began.
"In this battle, the one who contributed the most was undoubtedly not our Emperor's Army, but Luo Zheng, the outer sect disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, Xiao Yufeng!" Xing Tiansu said loudly in the lobby of the Governor's Mansion, "If it weren't for Luo Zheng, the casualties of our Emperor's Army would definitely be more than this. I'm afraid that the entire White Emperor City would have been captured by the Demon Clan. I thank you on behalf of the entire Emperor's Army!"
After Xing Tiansu finished speaking, he actually bowed deeply to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng immediately jumped to the side like a frightened rabbit when the Emperor's Army's Commander-in-Chief bowed to him. "Xing, Xing Tiansu, how can I, Luo Zheng, receive such a great bow from you?"
"In ancient times, Yan Lianjun prostrated himself on all fours in order to save a life. You helped our Emperor's Army win the battle and indirectly saved millions of lives. You deserve this bow!" Xing Tiansu said solemnly.
Yan Lianjun was a virtuous gentleman in ancient times. It was said that when he was in dire straits, he walked by a river and saw a beggar saving a person from the river. At that time, Yan Lianjun was in dire straits and had nothing to give the beggar, so he prostrated himself on all fours and bowed to him!
Since Xing Tiansu mentioned this story, Luo Zheng couldn't refuse.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you're not a member of our enemy's army, so we can't reward you based on your military merits. Therefore, on behalf of the Emperor's Army, I'll reward you with three treasures. You can enter our Emperor's Army's treasury and choose any three treasures!" Xing Tiansu announced.
"Three treasures!"
"Choose any!"
The eyes of the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses lit up.
White Emperor City had been guarding this place for so many years and had accumulated a lot of treasures. All the high-level treasures were stored in the Emperor's Army's treasury in White Emperor City.
The treasures in the Emperor's Army's treasury were used as rewards for military merits. The conditions for receiving treasures were very strict, and under normal circumstances, one was not allowed to choose freely!
This time, Luo Zheng could enter the treasury and choose treasures by himself. Thinking of the treasures accumulated in the Emperor's Army's treasury for so many years, the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses were envious.
After the meeting in the Governor's Mansion, Xing Tiansu led Luo Zheng to the Emperor's Army's treasury.
The Emperor's Army's treasury was hidden deep underground. Luo Zheng followed Xing Tiansu into a long underground tunnel and opened a stone door. Then Xing Tiansu reached out and lit a candle, illuminating the entire treasury.
Under the illumination of the candle, the entire treasury emitted a golden glow.
＝＝＝＝＝