Although the White Emperor City's savings over the years could not be compared to the Blue Cloud Sect and the Burning Sky Palace, it was still much better than the Seven Noble Families.
All kinds of Spiritual Weapons and treasures were casually inlaid in wooden frames on the walls, as if they were not rare in this place.
Since he could choose three treasures, Luo Zheng did not refuse.
He was not very interested in Spiritual Weapons at the moment. He still had a lot of Heaven Evolution Solution in his hands. It would be easy for Luo Zheng to sell the solution and get Spiritual Weapons.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the top row and did not stop at the Spiritual Weapons.
Xing Tiansu was also very surprised. Although Spiritual Weapons were nothing in the eyes of Divine Reflection Realm experts, with Luo Zheng's status, he should be very interested in Spiritual Weapons. Seeing Luo Zheng's calm appearance, Xing Tiansu felt strange.
Therefore, Xing Tiansu pointed to a pair of treasured swords and said, "This pair of treasured swords is called the Deadly Double Ring Swords. They are two upper-grade Spiritual Weapons. If you choose it, it will be a treasure. It will definitely be worth it!"
Luo Zheng nodded but did not reply. He still wanted to see other things.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was not very interested in Spiritual Weapons, Xing Tiansu could only follow Luo Zheng and continue walking forward.
After walking for a while in the Imperial Army's treasury, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. His eyes were fixed on a wall not far away.
There were three treasures hanging on these walls. Although these three treasures exuded an extraordinary aura, they were all incomplete.
The first was a saber. It was an emerald green saber that seemed to be made of jasper. Unfortunately, the tip and hilt of the saber had completely disappeared, leaving only the middle of the saber.
What attracted Luo Zheng was not the saber itself, but the purple crystal embedded in the middle of the saber. There was a circle of runes around the purple crystal.
Luo Zheng had just seen these runes today. After the second spiritual inscription had appeared on his body, his body was now equivalent to a mid-grade Spiritual Weapon. Two runes had appeared on his arms. These two runes were very similar to the runes on the saber!
Luo Zheng frowned as he looked at the three broken weapons and thought quietly.
Now that he thought about it, the rune on his arm should be a rune for embedding!
Luo Zheng had felt that the runes on his arms were very familiar, but he could not remember where he had seen them before.
In fact, both Xie Lang's Weapon Refining Secret Manual and Che Daozi's Weapon Refining Secret Manual had mentioned that these runes were for embedding crystals.
Because these runes had never appeared on a human body, Luo Zheng had not thought of them for a while. However, Luo Zheng had suddenly discovered these runes on these broken weapons and understood almost instantly.
In other words, Luo Zheng's body was like those Spiritual Weapons that could be used for embedding crystals!
"What? Don't tell me you've taken a fancy to these things? " Xing Tiansu smiled. "These broken weapons used to be the weapons of Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses. This saber is called the Jade Butterfly. It used to be the saber of the jade-faced scholar. It was also a high-grade Spiritual Weapon. Unfortunately, the Jade Butterfly was destroyed by a Demon King during a battle with the Demon Race. The entire saber was completely broken, and only the blade remained. This blade is worthless now. The only thing of value is probably the Soaring Phoenix Crystal on the blade."
"Can this Soaring Phoenix Crystal be used for embedding?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course it can. The reason why the Jade Butterfly is so powerful is because of this Soaring Phoenix Crystal! I remember that when the jade-faced scholar used this saber, he could slash hundreds of times in the blink of an eye! Its astonishing speed was due to the effect of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal, "Xing Tiansu explained." That's why we kept the blade. "
Luo Zheng nodded and pointed at the blade. "I'll choose this as the first treasure."
"Oh? Luo Zheng, you're also proficient in the Weapon Refining Secret Manual? " According to Xing Tiansu's understanding, only Weapon Refiners would be interested in these crystals. Could it be that Luo Zheng really knew how to refine weapons? Could he refine the Soaring Phoenix Crystal into weapons?
"Weapon Refining Secret Manual?" Luo Zheng shook his head. Because of the 《Weapon Refining Secret Manual》, Luo Zheng did have a preliminary grasp of the Weapon Refining Secret Manual. However, he had not tried it himself, so he was far from being proficient in it.
Although Xing Tiansu felt strange, he still nodded. "Since Luo Zheng chose this blade as the first treasure, then it's yours."
These broken spiritual weapons had been hanging here for quite some time. After all, most of the people who could enter the Di Army's Treasure House were from the Di Army. Although there were Weapon Refiners in the Di Army, Weapon Refiners often did not go to the battlefield to kill the enemy. Therefore, they rarely had the opportunity to make outstanding military achievements and be qualified to enter the Di Army's Treasure House to choose rewards.
Therefore, very few people would choose these crystals as rewards. In contrast, those Upper Grade Spiritual Weapons were ready-made things that were more suitable for them.
"What about the one next to it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Next to the butterfly blade, there was also a broken weapon hanging. It was a crimson long spear. This long spear had been broken into several pieces. In the middle of the spear tip, there was a crimson crystal.
Even at this moment, the crimson crystal was still emitting a faint red light. The light was like a beating heart, sometimes bright and sometimes dark.
"This long spear is called 'Piercing Mountain'. It's also an Upper Grade Spiritual Weapon. The crystal inlaid on the spear tip is a 'Blood Jade Crystal'. When the Piercing Mountain is combined with the Blood Jade, it has the strongest penetrating effect. It's especially effective against those Bounded Domains," Xing Tiansu explained patiently.
"Against Bounded Domains?" Luo Zheng's mind moved. He was afraid of Yun Luo's transparent Bounded Domain. Although he also understood that even if he had a weapon like the Piercing Mountain, he might not be able to break Yun Luo's transparent Bounded Domain. However, if he encountered other Bounded Domains in the future, this was also a way to deal with them.
Xing Tiansu nodded and said, "That's right. The Blood Jade Crystal's power is very strong. This Piercing Mountain was destroyed in the hands of the Divine Seal Demon King. At that time, the Divine Seal Demon King was proficient in the power of Bounded Domains. At that time, all the Divine Seal Demon King in White Emperor City were helpless against the Divine Seal Demon King. They relied on the Blood Jade Crystal to destroy the Divine Seal Demon King's Bounded Domain and finally defeated the Divine Seal Demon King. Unfortunately, this Piercing Mountain was also destroyed …"
Looking at the broken Mountain Piercing Spear, Luo Zheng could imagine the intensity of the battle back then.
"This, I want it too!" Luo Zheng pointed at the Piercing Mountain and said.
"No problem! I'll take it out for you later. "Xing Tiansu smiled and said," There's still one crystal left. Do you want it? "
Luo Zheng glanced at the remaining axe and shook his head. Although the crystal on the axe also gave off an attractive luster, Luo Zheng only had two runes on his arm and could only inlay two crystals. More crystals would not be of much use to him.
Luo Zheng, who had obtained two crystals, continued to walk downwards.
The richness of the treasures in the Imperial Army's Treasury was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. In addition to various weapons, there were various defensive magic weapons, jade talismans, hidden weapons, elixirs, and so on …
Almost everything was there.
And each of them was very useful. Luo Zheng was almost dazzled.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng only had one last chance. If it weren't for the fact that the two crystals he picked were very useful to Luo Zheng, he would have returned one of them.
Luo Zheng searched for a long time and finally fixed his eyes on an inconspicuous small box. It was a box for elixirs. Luo Zheng fixed his eyes on it and read the words on the small box, "Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir!"
Luo Zheng showed a cautious expression and asked, "Is this the Level Six elixir refined by the legendary alchemist, Taoist Zi, the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir?"
Seeing Luo Zheng choose this elixir among so many other elixirs, Xing Tiansu's face showed a wry smile. This guy's vision was really sharp. Although there were many treasures in the Imperial Army's Treasury, there were only a few dozen of them that were really valuable, and this Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was one of them.
If this Seven Treasures Nirvana Pill was consumed, it would first heal one's injuries. No matter how serious the injuries were, as long as one was still breathing, one could consume this pill. In an instant, all injuries would be healed. Furthermore, it could also nourish one's soul. Even if one's soul was damaged, this Seven Treasures Nirvana Pill would be able to heal it.
At the same time, this Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir could also raise the strength of the person who took it by three levels. For example, after taking this elixir, the strength of a warrior of Xiantian Fifth Stage would be greatly improved in the next three days, and he would become a warrior of Xiantian Eighth Stage.
This Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was so magical, but it had a fatal flaw, that was, it could only be used by practitioners below Divine Reflection Realm. It was useless for Divine Reflection Realm warriors like Xing Tiansu.
Even so, it was enough to attract the covetous eyes of the various landowning clans.
In order to cultivate their elite disciples, many large clans would bestow a large number of life-saving treasures.
And the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was undoubtedly the best elixir. After swallowing it, not only would it heal all injuries, but it would also increase one's strength for a short time.
Unfortunately, Daoist Zi, who had refined the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir, had passed away at a young age. He had only lived for 43 years. Compared to a warrior's lifespan of several hundred years, Che Daozi could be considered extremely short-lived. Therefore, he hadn't left behind many Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixirs.
Moreover, every Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir used was one less. Gradually, Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir became rarer and rarer on the market. In the beginning, the price of this elixir wasn't too outrageous, but as time passed, the price soared higher and higher. Finally, a single elixir could be sold for hundreds of thousands of cubes of crystal stones! This already far exceeded the purchasing power of Xiantian life forms.
However, the people who bought these Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixirs were basically the elders of their clans. They bought them to bestow upon the elites of the younger generation.
As the saying went, those who bought it didn't eat it, and those who ate it didn't buy it. This meant that the Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir was extremely valuable.
"This Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir will be my third selection." Luo Zheng nodded in satisfaction.
In truth, Xing Tiansu had already prepared to give this Seven Treasures Nirvana Elixir to one of his descendants. As long as that descendant made a name for himself in the Imperial Army, he could rightfully bestow this elixir to that descendant.