Generally speaking, among the treasures Luo Zheng chose, the most valuable one was the Seven Treasures Nirvana Pill. The value of the other two incomplete high-grade spiritual weapons was relatively low.
The only valuable things in the two incomplete high-grade spiritual weapons were the Phoenix Soaring Crystal and the Blood Jade Crystal.
These two crystals might not be of much use to outsiders, but to Luo Zheng, they were very useful.
After leaving the Emperor Army's treasury, someone specially arranged a large house for Luo Zheng as a temporary residence. After the Demon Clan retreated, the Emperor Army continued to send out small teams to clean up the surrounding forces of the Demon Clan. Therefore, Luo Zheng planned to leave White Emperor City in two days.
Luo Zheng was satisfied with the large house, but he was not satisfied with the location of the house. It was located next to Yun Luo's house.
However, Yun Luo's life was basically two places. Presumably, if he did not provoke her, she would not use the boundary to lock him up again …
After entering the house, Luo Zheng took a bath to wash away the filth of the past few days. He found a slightly hidden corner in the room and sat down. Then, he took out the broken Jade Butterfly from his Sumeru Ring.
Ordinary high-grade spiritual weapons were not inlaid with crystals. Generally speaking, high-grade spiritual weapons with crystals were as powerful as ordinary immortal weapons!
This Jade Butterfly was a good weapon, but unfortunately, it had been damaged to this extent.
"First, I'll take the Phoenix Soaring Crystal!" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng reached out to take the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, but it did not budge. He wanted to exert more strength, but he was afraid that he would break the Phoenix Soaring Crystal.
This Phoenix Soaring Crystal could not be taken at will. Luo Zheng suddenly remembered that in the Weapon Refining Ancestral Law, there was a small trick about taking back crystals. Luo Zheng hurriedly took out the Weapon Refining Ancestral Law from his Sumeru Ring and flipped to that page based on his memory.
In addition to the secret in the Weapon Refining Ancestral Law, it also recorded some very practical tricks of Che Daozi during his lifetime. They were all summaries of Che Daozi's skills over a hundred years.
On this page of the 《Weapon Refining Ancestral Arts》, there was a record of how to remove the crystals embedded in the magical equipment.
After reading it word by word, Luo Zheng's face turned gloomy. "It turns out that if I want to take out the crystal stone, I have to use my Natal Real Fire. This is going to be a bit troublesome."
Luo Zheng was currently practicing two kinds of martial arts. Whether it was the 《Red Sandalwood Fist》 or the 《Demonic God Fist》, the True Qi produced by them was not True Fire. If he really wanted to take the crystal stone, he would have to practice a True Fire secret manual. Obviously, he did not have this condition right now.
Luo Zheng, who was holding the Weapon Refining Ancestral Techniques, was stunned for a while. Then, his frowning eyebrows suddenly relaxed. Since it could be used as long as it was a genuine fire, could the black fire in the huge furnace in Luo Zheng's mind work?
The black fire was able to extract the Heaven's Divination Essence from the spiritual weapon. From this point of view, it was obvious that it could take on the role of the True Fire.
The only trouble was that the black fire was too powerful. Almost nothing could withstand its burning and smelting. If he was not careful, the Phoenix Soaring Crystal would be burned by the black fire.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng decided to take the risk.
Then, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and began to communicate with the huge furnace in his mind.
"Whoosh!"
After a while, the wisp of black fire rushed out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. It hovered in the air for a while and let out a happy chirp. Probably because it found the two broken upper grade spiritual weapons in front of it, it rushed directly toward them.
Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed. He reached out and grabbed the two broken Spiritual Weapons in his hands, avoiding the attack of the black fire.
"Wait, these are not for you to smelt!"
The black fire had its own intelligence. When Luo Zheng said this, it actually hovered in the air and twisted left and right, as if it did not understand Luo Zheng's meaning.
Seeing the black fire act like a child, Luo Zheng smiled. He suddenly thought of the long spear named "Piercing Mountain". Only the spearhead was inlaid with crystals. The spear shaft was not important to Luo Zheng.
Thus, Luo Zheng took a few parts of the spear shaft and handed them to the black fire.
Seeing this, the black fire immediately circled and swallowed the spear shaft in Luo Zheng's hand.
The spear shaft seemed to be made of a very strong metal. It was very heavy and very hard. However, in front of the black fire, it was like a candle. It was melted in an instant. Then, drops of Heaven's Divination Essence appeared behind the black fire.
Seeing the Heaven's Divination Essence, Luo Zheng blinked and revealed a shocked expression.
No wonder it was an upper-grade Spiritual Weapon. Just the spear shaft alone was able to produce so much Heaven's Divination Essence!
Luo Zheng casually counted. After swallowing the spear shaft, there were actually more than 40 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence. This amount was much more than an upper-grade Xuan Weapon.
Actually, this was understandable. After all, an upper-grade Xuan Weapon could produce a lot of Heaven's Divination Essence. The higher the grade of the weapon, the more Heaven's Divination Essence it contained. Fortunately, this spear had been damaged for many years. If it was an undamaged upper-grade Spiritual Weapon, wouldn't it be able to produce hundreds of drops of Heaven's Divination Essence?
After the black fire brought the Heaven's Divination Essence into his mind and lit up the nine dragon scales, Luo Zheng summoned it again.
Luo Zheng did not do this to light up the dragon scales. His purpose was to use the black fire to remove the gem on the weapon.
However, the black fire had its own intelligence and was not completely under Luo Zheng's control. Therefore, this process was destined to be troublesome.
"Alright, I've already rewarded you just now. Now you have to do what I say obediently!" Luo Zheng raised the Jade Butterfly blade and pointed at the runes on it. He said to the black fire, "Activate these runes so that I can remove this Phoenix Soaring Crystal. After removing it, the entire blade will belong to you!"
To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng repeated what he said to Black Fire, as if he was teaching a three-year-old child.
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng presented the Jade Butterfly to the black fire. However, just as Luo Zheng raised it, the black fire made a "chirp" sound again. This time, it actually charged directly at the Phoenix Soaring Crystal.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng hurriedly moved the Jade Butterfly blade away …
"It's really a bit troublesome. This guy doesn't know how to be obedient at all." Looking at the black fire, Luo Zheng felt a terrible headache. Sure enough, things that did not completely belong to him were unreliable. Although the black fire and the huge furnace lived in the depths of his mind, he could not completely control them.
However, giving up after only two experiments was definitely not Luo Zheng's personality.
In any case, Luo Zheng still had a lot of time. At least, he could teach this "little guy" his intentions.
This teaching took no less than two hours. The black fire was not too stupid and understood Luo Zheng's intention. Luo Zheng wanted it to enter the runes.
The moment the black fire entered the runes, the runes on the Jade Butterfly blade lit up. However, the light was a kind of dark green light.
The outermost runes rotated twice to the left while the inner runes rotated once to the right. Luo Zheng saw the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in the center of the runes shake.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng gently shook the blade.
"Clatter!"
The Phoenix Soaring Crystal on the blade fell to the ground.
"I finally took it out!"
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. After the black fire came out of the runes, he casually threw the blade into the air. The black fire was like a puppy that quickly rushed toward the blade in midair and swallowed it, leaving only drops of Sky Evolution essence.
After the Phoenix Soaring Crystal was taken out of the runes, it lost its original color and light. Luo Zheng took it down and examined it carefully. "Now I have to think about how to inlay it into my arm."
Thinking about how to inlay a crystal deep into his body, Luo Zheng still felt a chill.
Although Luo Zheng's body was fundamentally different from a human's body and he was considered a human-shaped spiritual weapon, it still felt very strange to inlay such a foreign object into his arm.
However, he had no reason to refuse when he thought about the power this gem would give him after inlaying it.
Furthermore, if he wanted to inlay the gem, he had to activate the runes on his arm. Activating the runes required the black fire. Although the black fire came in and out of his head and did not cause him any harm, the black fire was so powerful that it could burn his arm if he was not careful …