Thank you for your gifts. I hope you can help me send flowers. If you have a monthly vote, please leave a comment and give me a score. Thank you!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and extended his arm towards the Black Fire, indicating for it to drill into the rune on his arm.
With the previous training, the Black Fire had become smarter. After discovering the rune on Luo Zheng's arm, it drilled into it.
When it drilled into the rune, Luo Zheng's arm trembled slightly. Then, he felt a gentle warmth coming from his arm. The Black Fire, which had supreme power, actually only brought some warmth to Luo Zheng!
Since the Black Fire wouldn't hurt him, Luo Zheng was relieved.
Soon, the rune on his arm began to rotate slowly. When the inner and outer runes rotated, the center of the rune flickered with light.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng grabbed the Soaring Phoenix Crystal with his left hand and stuffed it into the center of the rune.
"Buzz buzz!"
After a flash of light, the entire rune returned to normal. The center of the rune was still empty. Even the Soaring Phoenix Crystal had disappeared.
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. He touched the skin with his hand. When Luo Zheng pressed down, he touched a hard object. It should be the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. The Soaring Phoenix Crystal had actually drilled deep into his arm!
After the Black Fire came out of the rune, Luo Zheng stood up and tried to wave his right arm.
"This Soaring Phoenix Crystal can greatly increase my speed. Let me try it now!" This room had all the necessary facilities, and Luo Zheng quickly found a stone man that he could use to practice his fists.
Facing the stone man, Luo Zheng quietly assumed a fighting stance. He took a deep breath and then suddenly waved his fist.
"Bang bang bang bang bang …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng actually punched 20 times in one breath, leaving 20 deep fist marks on the stone man's body.
When Luo Zheng stopped, he felt his right hand trembling. He didn't expect his right hand to be so agile!
When fighting against strong people, speed was a very important ability. For example, when facing the Demon King, he might be killed by the Demon King before he could react. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng chose the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to make up for his shortcomings.
After the Soaring Phoenix Crystal was inlaid, Luo Zheng looked at the remaining Blood Jade Crystal. According to Xing Tiansu, this Blood Jade Crystal had a special effect of destroying barriers. With Luo Zheng's strength, he couldn't do anything when encountering those barriers.... Luo Zheng still had one slot...........
Next, he did the same thing and removed the "Blood Jade Crystal" from the tip of the spear and mounted it on his arm.
Unlike the Soaring Phoenix Crystal, the Blood Jade Crystal didn't have any special feeling after being inlaid on his hand. After all, it was a crystal that was specially designed to destroy barriers …
After dealing with these two crystals, Luo Zheng went back to his corner and closed his eyes to rest.
The soldiers of White Emperor City were very busy these days. Not only did they have to rebuild the houses and defense facilities destroyed by the Demon Race, but they also had to screen all the people in the city!
Those Demon Generals could devour the flesh and blood of humans, leaving their outer skin. Then, they would enter the skin and disguise themselves as humans to spy for information. Therefore, everyone could be a Demon General in disguise.
"Bang bang bang!"
Someone knocked on the door of Luo Zheng's room.
After opening the door, there were a few soldiers outside the door, carrying a "Divine Reflection Mirror".
The leader of the soldiers was very respectful. Although he didn't know Luo Zheng and didn't know about Luo Zheng's achievements, those who could live in this area were basically big shots in the Emperor's Army.
"Sir, we're going to conduct a city-wide inspection. You just need to stand here!" the soldier said after saluting to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded and stood on the steps. The soldiers raised the Demon-revealing Mirror and shone it on Luo Zheng.
After finding nothing strange, the leader of the soldiers respectfully apologized to Luo Zheng. Then they moved to the room next to Luo Zheng's, which was Yun Luo's residence.
The soldiers knocked on the door of Yun Luo's residence, but there was no response from inside.
The leader of the soldiers said, "Keep knocking. There should be someone inside."
After knocking for a while, the door was opened. Yun Luo walked out of the door and asked expressionlessly, "What's the matter?"
These soldiers didn't know Luo Zheng, but they knew Yun Luo. "Lady, Lady Yun Luo, we're going to conduct an inspection. Please cooperate with us …"
Yun Luo had changed back to the nine-colored dress today. Standing on a small wooden step, she stood at the door, shook her head calmly and asked, "What kind of inspection is this? Why should I cooperate with you? "
"This, this … Because the Demon General may be lurking here, so we have to use the Demon-revealing Mirror to check." Who hadn't heard of the Slaughter Girl? Although Yun Luo's face was expressionless, the faint power she exuded frightened the soldiers.
"There's no need to check. I'm not possessed by the Demon General." After saying that, Yun Luo turned to go back into the room.
"Lady Yun Luo, the order from above is to check everyone, even the Commander-in-Chief. Well … you'd better cooperate." Although they were all afraid of Yun Luo, they had to obey the military order.
Yun Luo didn't listen to these soldiers at all and still turned to go in. At this time, Luo Zheng stepped forward and said, "These soldiers are loyal to their duty. As an important member of the White Emperor City's defense, you should cooperate with them. Why do you have to make things difficult for them?"
Seeing Luo Zheng speak for them, the soldiers showed grateful expressions on their faces, but they were also anxious in their hearts. After all, if they really annoyed a big shot like Yun Luo, it would be a big trouble.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yun Luo suddenly turned around again. The hem of her dress was slightly raised, revealing her straight calves inside. She stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "What does it have to do with you?"
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Of course it has nothing to do with me. I just think that if I do what's convenient for others, it'll be convenient for me in the future. I understand this principle!"
Yun Luo's white pupils stared at Luo Zheng, her face still expressionless. Suddenly, her fingers shook, and a transparent boundary covered Luo Zheng!
"I'm going to do it now!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and hurriedly retreated.
Luo Zheng knew that this woman was unreasonable, but he didn't expect her to be so unreasonable. He just said a few words to help her, and she was going to attack him!
When the soldiers saw this, they could only stand aside and pray to Luo Zheng in their hearts. They couldn't do anything but stand aside and pray to Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng retreated very fast, but in Yun Luo's eyes, his speed was extremely slow.
When the transparent boundary covered Luo Zheng, several transparent boundaries appeared around Luo Zheng at the same time and surrounded Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to be surrounded by these boundaries, he suddenly raised his left hand. A blood-red light suddenly flashed on his arm, and then he fiercely smashed it towards the transparent boundary in front of him.
When Luo Zheng's fist hit the transparent boundary, the huge force in Luo Zheng's body had almost no effect on the boundary, just like before. But at this moment, he felt a strange red energy emerge from his left arm. That red energy flowed through Luo Zheng's left arm and poured into the transparent boundary in front of him.
After the red energy touched the transparent barrier, it stuck to it tightly, forming the shape of a small red spider web.
Luo Zheng's face lit up with joy. He waved his fist again and smashed the red spider web.
"Crack!"
At this time, a cracking sound came from the transparent boundary. The red spider web instantly spread over the entire transparent boundary, and a cracking sound came from it.
The enchantment that was originally indestructible for Luo Zheng was actually shattered by Luo Zheng's punch just like that!
"Ah!"
The soldiers who were watching the battle from the side all had shocked expressions on their faces.
Although these soldiers were weak, they were very clear about Yun Luo's strength. She was a Divine Realm warrior! She was good at using boundaries. Except for the Demon King, very few people could break her boundaries.
The young man in front of them could live here, so he must not be an ordinary person. But his strength was right there. He was only a half-step to the Xiantian realm. Originally, they were worried that this young man would suffer a great loss in the hands of Yun Luo. How could he break Yun Luo's boundary with one punch?
They couldn't figure it out no matter what.
Even Yun Luo's white eyes, which were always expressionless, flashed with a touch of surprise.
"You, how did you do it?" Yun Luo asked coldly.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and said with a smile, "No comment. You want to lock me up? No way! "
"That red energy, if I remember correctly, should be the effect of the blood jade crystal. Why did it appear on your fist?" Although Yun Luo's face was expressionless, it could be heard from her voice that she was indeed curious. It was not easy to arouse Yun Luo's curiosity.
"Still no comment! I suggest you cooperate with the inspection of these little brothers! "Luo Zheng stood with his hands behind his back and stared at Yun Luo.
"Really? Then let's see if you can really block my boundary! "After saying that, Yun Luo stretched out her slender fingers and flicked them toward Luo Zheng.
Swish! Swish!
Swish! Dense transparent boundaries appeared one by one and rushed toward Luo Zheng crazily.
"Then let's try it!"
Luo Zheng's desire to fight was also aroused at this time. He also wanted to take this opportunity to see how much the two magical crystals could improve him!
"Boom!"
Facing Yun Luo's boundary, Luo Zheng took the lead and used the power of the blood jade crystal to smash a red mark on the transparent boundary.
Luo Zheng had already understood that this red energy should be the natural enemy of those boundaries. As long as the transparent boundary was contaminated with the energy of the blood jade crystal, the entire transparent boundary would become extremely unstable.
When Luo Zheng's left fist destroyed the stability of the transparent boundary, Luo Zheng raised his right fist and used the characteristics of the Phoenix Xiang crystal to punch dozens of times in an instant, completely destroying the transparent boundary.
Although Yun Luo's boundary summoning speed was extremely fast, under Luo Zheng's continuous attacks, the transparent boundaries were broken one by one by Luo Zheng!
Clang! Clang! Clang!
Every time a sound rang out, a transparent boundary would be broken by Luo Zheng.
Seeing that her boundary had completely lost its effect on Luo Zheng, Yun Luo's white pupils flashed slightly, and an astonishing aura emanated from her body.
Then, a circle of enchantments appeared around Luo Zheng. These enchantments were completely different from the transparent ones from before. They were blood-red in color. It was the Blood Enchantment Enchantment that was used to trap the Demon King!
＝＝＝＝＝