The Blood Prison Spirit Formation was an extremely powerful spirit formation.
Even the Black Iron Fey King had to spend a lot of effort to break the Blood Prison Barrier.
A barrier of this level could be used to deal with Divine Illumination Realm experts.
If it had been someone else, they would have stopped after realizing that their ordinary barrier couldn't trap Luo Zheng.
However, Yun Luo's personality was different from ordinary people. Seeing that Luo Zheng had broken her barrier so easily, she didn't hesitate to use the Blood Prison Barrier.
Yun Luo's nine-colored dress swayed gently. She stood on her small wooden clogs and leaned against the edge of the Blood Prison Barrier with a faint smile on her face. She asked Luo Zheng, "Now, can you still break this barrier?"
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the Blood Prison Barrier. He could feel the blood Qi emitting from the barrier. His eyes were fixed on Yun Luo's face. He suddenly revealed his white teeth and said to Yun Luo, "I thought you didn't know how to smile. I didn't expect you to look so good when you smile."
Yun Luo's white eyes blinked. She flipped her lily-white hand, and streams of blood Qi rolled toward Luo Zheng from the Blood Prison Barrier.
This blood Qi could disturb people's minds and make them go crazy.
If one's soul wasn't strong enough, it could even cause people inside the Blood Prison Barrier to kill each other.
Luo Zheng felt his body heat up. Traces of blood fiendish Qi entered his mind. It seemed to want to affect his soul, causing him to become excited.
However, Luo Zheng closed his eyes and entered a state of selflessness. When he opened his eyes again, they were clear. The blood Qi's influence on Luo Zheng was negligible.
"I might be able to break through this Blood Prison Barrier!"
Luo Zheng walked to the edge of the Blood Prison Barrier, waved his left arm, and punched the barrier.
"Pop!"
The power of the blood jade crystal in his left arm gushed out and poured into the Blood Prison Barrier.
The blood jade crystal did have the miraculous effect of restraining barriers. However, the Blood Prison Barrier itself was very special. When the energy of the blood jade crystal formed a spider web, the blood Qi in the Blood Prison Barrier began to frantically devour the energy of the blood jade crystal.
Luo Zheng didn't even have the time to expand the gap in the Blood Prison Barrier before the Blood Demon Qi completely swallowed up the energy.
A faint smile appeared on Yun Luo's face again. "Why don't you break the Blood Prison Barrier for me to see?"
In the face of Yun Luo's provocation, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. The Blood Prison Barrier was much stronger than the transparent barrier. Moreover, it could repair itself automatically. With his current strength, it would be difficult to break it easily.
This barrier is also formed by condensing Zhen Yuan. As long as it is Zhen Yuan, the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan in my body should be able to devour it. However, the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan in my body seemed to have no effect on the barrier. Luo Zheng silently analyzed in his heart. It was true that the barrier couldn't be broken from the outside, but what about the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan inside the barrier?
Luo Zheng could use the blood jade crystal to open a small crack in the barrier and pour the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan in at the same time!
Whether this method would work or not, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, he had to give it a try!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's body suddenly relaxed. He even stretched and said with a smile, "Why should I break this barrier? It's not bad to keep it locked up like this. If you have the ability, you can keep me locked up in here forever. "
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Yun Luo didn't know what to say. She was extremely smart, but her thoughts were extremely simple. She didn't know that Luo Zheng was deliberately provoking her.
Looking at Luo Zheng leisurely stretching in the Blood Prison Barrier, the competitiveness of a little girl finally sprouted in Yun Luo's heart. In fact, she herself didn't know that the expression on her face today might be more rich than in the past few years combined!
"If you give up like this, you're too useless. No matter what, you have to try." Yun Luo leaned against the edge of the barrier and persuaded Luo Zheng in turn.
"I won't try, I won't try. You're a strong man in the Divine Reflection Realm. How can a little half-step Xiantian like me break your barrier?" Luo Zheng shook his head. The expression on his face was extremely serious, but in his heart, he was secretly amused. This Yun Luo was too naive. It was quite interesting to tease her.
Yun Luo shook her head and said, "You haven't tried. How do you know you can't do it?"
"Of course I can't!" Luo Zheng waved his hand.
A touch of disappointment flashed in Yun Luo's eyes. She stood there blankly, thinking about something in her little head. After a while, she suddenly said, "Try your best. If you can really break this barrier, I can consider giving you a reward."
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's face showed a surprised expression. He looked at her pink little face and said, "What reward?"
"Any reward is fine as long as I can do it!" Yun Luo said seriously.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He had been waiting for Yun Luo to say this sentence. He didn't expect it to be easier than he had imagined …
Luo Zheng originally felt that teasing the naive Yun Luo like this was a little inappropriate. But on second thought, she had confined herself in such a narrow space for so long. There was no reason for him to be soft-hearted.
"Okay, then I'll try!"
Luo Zheng took two steps forward and came to the edge of the Bloody Prison Barrier. He found a position and began to operate the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi.
According to the nature of the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi, he only needed to operate a little bit. As long as the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi could be swallowed from the inside, the amount of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi would skyrocket.
Finally, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and punched the Bloody Prison Barrier.
Relying on the red energy of the blood jade crystal, a crack appeared on the barrier. But that crack was quickly repaired by the evil blood aura. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng had injected a wisp of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi into it!
That wisp of Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was like a dye thrown into water, quickly spreading out.
When the evil blood aura surrounded the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi, the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi resisted and constantly swallowed the evil blood aura.
The spreading speed of the Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi was visible to the naked eye, and it was getting faster and faster. First, a fist-sized black mass appeared in the Bloody Prison Barrier. Then, this small section of the Bloody Prison Barrier turned purplish-black. Finally, the entire Bloody Prison Barrier turned purplish-black.
In other words, the entire Bloody Prison Barrier was now under the control of Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng casually tapped the Bloody Prison Barrier lightly. "Break!"
The Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi in the Bloody Prison Barrier received Luo Zheng's order and quickly dissipated between heaven and earth. The Bloody Prison Barrier was broken by Luo Zheng just like that.
The several soldiers of the Imperial Army who were watching from the side were so shocked that their eyeballs almost fell out.
The famous Bloody Hell Barrier that had once trapped three ordinary Demon Kings at the same time without breaking was broken by a Half-step to Xiantian brat just like that?
The legend of Yun Luo's Bloody Prison Barrier was very famous in the Imperial Army. During the battle two years ago in the Qiankun Pagodas, Yun Luo summoned the Bloody Prison Barrier to trap three ordinary Demon Kings! Although the three Demon Kings were not as strong as Heavenly Might Demon King and Black Iron Demon King, they were still Demon Kings! And there were three of them!
It was because Yun Luo had tied up the three Monster Kings that the situation had been reversed. After the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses of the Emperor's Army had killed the famous "Purifying Fire Monster King", they had also killed the three ordinary Monster Kings and severely damaged the Devil Army!
And at that time, besides capturing the three ordinary Fey Kings, Yun Luo had also single-handedly slaughtered more than three thousand Fey Soldiers and Fey Generals. As a result, Yun Luo's nickname of 'Slaughter Maiden' was widely spread throughout White Emperor City. The soldiers who had participated in that battle all clearly remembered Yun Luo's snow-white dress stained with Fey blood. It was strange yet beautiful!
Who was this guy in front of them?
He was wearing the outer disciple robe of the Emerald Cloud Sect, and his strength was only at the Half-step Innate Realm. His strength was similar to that of a centurion in the Imperial Army. No matter how hard the soldiers racked their brains, they couldn't figure out how this kid could break the Blood Prison Barrier!
Did Lady Yun Luo go easy on him?
They quickly denied this idea. Although they could not meet such a big shot as Yun Luo, the legend of Yun Luo was widely spread in the army. With Yun Luo's personality, it was impossible for her to go easy on him!
As the Bloody Prison Barrier dissipated, Luo Zheng walked up to Yun Luo with a smile and said, "Remember what you said. Promise me one thing."
Yun Luo nodded and said, "Of course I remember. Why are you talking nonsense?"
"Well," Luo Zheng suddenly pointed at his face and said, "Kiss me, okay?"
When the soldiers heard Luo Zheng's words, they almost subconsciously rubbed their ears. They wondered if they had heard wrong. Luo Zheng's words seemed to be more powerful than a bolt from the blue. This guy was not only strong, but he was also abnormally bold. He dared to tease Yun Luo!
What's more, a promise from Yun Luo was so valuable that it was almost impossible to measure it with money. This guy actually wasted it!
On the contrary, Yun Luo blinked her eyes and showed a strange expression. "This request seems a little simple. I can do much more than this. I suggest you think about it carefully."
"No need. This is my only request," Luo Zheng said with a smile. After saying that, he even stretched his face out.
Looking at Luo Zheng's appearance, Yun Luo frowned slightly, as if she did not understand. After a while, she stepped on her small wooden clogs and quietly walked to Luo Zheng. She stood on her tiptoes and stretched her small head out …
Luo Zheng felt a gust of fragrant wind. A pair of moist lips pecked his face like a chicken pecking rice, and then quickly parted.
Yun Luo's expression did not change. She did not say much, but turned her head and quickly returned to her room.
Sitting on the futon that she usually used for cultivation, Yun Luo wanted to close her eyes and cultivate, but she always felt a little impatient. With Yun Luo's temperament, it was almost impossible for this to happen.