Luo Zheng was only a teenager. Asking Yun Luo to kiss him was just a joke.
Thinking that Yun Luo had made a fool of him by locking him in the boundary, he decided to take revenge on her.
He didn't expect Yun Luo to kiss him without any hesitation. For a moment, Luo Zheng was stunned.
The soldiers by the side were also dumbfounded. They didn't expect Yun Luo to agree to this request so easily …
What kind of show was this?
In the following days, Yun Luo almost didn't go out, and Luo Zheng didn't see her again.
For Yun Luo, this was a normal thing. In her life, other than participating in the defense of the city, she spent the rest of her time in her own house, cultivating nonstop.
Before leaving, Luo Zheng packed up his things, took a deep look at her house, and then turned to leave.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had all left, so they naturally wouldn't send another giant flying chariot to pick up Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng could only go back by himself.
Fortunately, the Demon Clan suffered a crushing defeat this time and lost two Demon Kings. The entire Demon Clan's camp was much more restrained. Moreover, the Emperor's Army in White Emperor City had already wiped out the Demon Clan in the surroundings and Cang Qiong Forest. They were preparing for the next counterattack to take back the Heaven and Earth Pagodas.
These had little to do with Luo Zheng. He wasn't a member of the Emperor's Army, but a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
After leaving White Emperor City, Luo Zheng hurried to the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng also gained a lot from this trip to White Emperor City. Not only did he absorb the Heavenly Demon's Sacred Fire to refine his body into a middle-grade spiritual weapon, but he also embedded two crystals in his body. These two crystals made up for Luo Zheng's strength very well.
What made Luo Zheng even happier was that he could feel a slight change in his dantian. After experiencing several high intensity attacks, that warm current was slowly expanding his dantian. Perhaps it was time for him to transform his true essence. Once his true essence was successfully transformed, then Luo Zheng would truly become a Xiantian life form!
At that time, his strength would have a qualitative leap!
With these thoughts in his mind, his footsteps were light as he dashed forward.
Unknowingly, they had passed through the Sky Vault Forest and entered the northernmost county of the Skyblaze Dynasty, Guanghan County.
Compared to the other counties in the Eastern Region, the counties in the north were relatively less prosperous.
Guanghan Prefecture was far inferior to Luo Zheng's hometown, Chongyang Prefecture, not to mention the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital.
However, after running for two days and two nights in the wilderness, Luo Zheng could be considered to have seen a trace of human life. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it wouldn't be difficult for him to run across half of the Skyblaze Dynasty's territory in one breath and return to the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, he didn't have any important responsibilities at the moment, so there was no need for him to do so. Therefore, after entering Guanghan County, Luo Zheng found a restaurant to rest first.
This restaurant called "Golden Moon Restaurant" was considered a luxurious place for ordinary people. Although it couldn't be compared to the Golden Breeze Drizzle Building, it was considered one of the most high-end places in Guanghan County.
After two days and two nights of running, Luo Zheng was covered in dust.
However, the waiter of the Golden Moon Restaurant was quite knowledgeable. He didn't reveal the slightest bit of displeasure because of Luo Zheng's attire. Instead, his attitude was very humble.
In the waiter's eyes, people like Luo Zheng could be considered "Jianghu people". Generally, Jianghu people were extremely extravagant. They heard that these people had a currency called square crystal. A square crystal was more than enough to buy ten Golden Moon Restaurants. Ordinary gold and silver were like dung in their eyes.
Although these rumors were hearsay, the situation was indeed true. Just like Luo Zheng, as long as he casually threw out a square crystal, it was enough to turn an ordinary person into a rich man.
After Luo Zheng sat down, a table of good food was soon brought to the table.
Since he was eating alone, there was no need to be polite. He lowered his head and ate heartily. Like a whirlwind sweeping away clouds, he swept the food on the table.
Probably because Luo Zheng's table manners were too unsightly, the people at the next table whispered to each other. Luo Zheng didn't care. He ate his own food and thought about where to find a fast horse to continue his journey after dinner.
It would be great if he could get a Flying Chariot in Guanghan County, but the possibility was too small. However, in such a large county, it was likely that he could buy a Flying Dragon Horse or a Lightning Chasing Foal. Although they couldn't be as fast as the Flying Chariot, it was faster and more labor-saving. He would ask the waiter about this information later.
While Luo Zheng was eating, a group of people stomped into the restaurant. This group of people made a big fuss and threw two fist-sized gold ingots on the table, making loud banging noises.
"Waiter, good wine and good food, just bring it up!" The leader of the group, a man, sat on a chair and shouted loudly.
When the waiter saw the large gold ingots, his eyes were wide open. He quickly came up and bowed to serve them.
Luo Zheng only looked at them a few times before continuing to eat. However, these people's voices were especially loud. When they spoke, the entire restaurant could hear them clearly.
"Second Brother, are we really not going back to Jade Dragon Valley?" One of the men asked.
"Go back to Jade Dragon Valley? You're not dreaming, are you? Do you know who those people are? Let me tell you, they are people from the seven noble families! If you offend any one of them, they can destroy our Bamboo Leaf Gang with a single finger! "The leader of the group said with a glare.
"Ai, it's a pity. Our Bamboo Leaf Gang has been entrenched in Jade Dragon Valley for so many years, but we were actually chased out. We can only move our nest. Just thinking about it makes me feel vexed!" The man next to him said indignantly.
The leader of the group said again, "So what if we move our nest? In their eyes, we can't even be considered local snakes. They are not strong dragons, but … … Heavenly Dragons!" The man seemed to be unable to find a more suitable metaphor and could only speak without thinking.
"Fortunately, those people are really generous. Afterwards, they rewarded us with a few square crystals. Our fierce lands can be considered settled! We have to find a brothel tonight to have some fun. "Another man took over the conversation and said.
When Luo Zheng heard Jade Dragon Valley, his eyebrows immediately raised.
Luo Zheng was no stranger to the three words' Jade Dragon Valley '. Some time ago, he just happened to see it on the interlayer pages of the 《Weapon Refining Sect Arts》. There were two names recorded on it, and they were Nine Yin Mountain and Jade Dragon Valley!
These two names were not famous, so Luo Zheng was too unfamiliar with them. Moreover, he was busy preparing for the Demon Slaying Trial mission and did not carefully investigate. Now that he heard Jade Dragon Valley, Luo Zheng naturally paid more attention to it.
Listening to the conversation between the men, these people should be from a gang called the "Bamboo Leaf Gang". They were probably not good people and had been entrenched in Jade Dragon Valley all year round. Jade Dragon Valley should be their mountain stronghold.
However, from their tone, it seemed that they were chased out by the seven noble families. Not only that, the seven noble families gave them a few square crystals and sent them away.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. For 《Weapon Refining Canon》 to be sold at such a price, there must be a great secret inside. Since Luo Zheng had that page, he had no reason to miss out on this secret.
Therefore, after eating and drinking to his heart's content, Luo Zheng put down his bowl and chopsticks and walked towards the group of men.
"Friend, I want to ask you about something," Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
The leader of the men turned his head and asked with his bell-like eyes, "What is it?"
"The Jade Dragon Valley you're talking about, what kind of place is it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The big man sneered. Their Bamboo Leaf Gang was a commoner in the city, but in the mountains, they were bandits. How could they be willing to talk to ordinary people? Moreover, Luo Zheng looked like an inexperienced youth, so the man waved his hand, "Go play on the side. What kind of place is Jade Dragon Valley? What does it have to do with you?"
Luo Zheng didn't get angry and continued to ask, "Is it Jade Dragon Valley of Nine Yin Mountain?" Luo Zheng remembered the name of the place. Jade Dragon Valley should be located in Nine Yin Mountain.
Who knew that the man's eyes would widen even more, "Didn't you hear what I said? Regardless of whether it's Eight Yin Mountain or Nine Yin Mountain, it's not something you should know. If you don't leave now, you won't be able to leave. Boy, don't say I didn't warn you! "
Just as the man's voice fell, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly and an astonishing aura suddenly rushed towards the men.
Although these men had some skills and had taken many lives, they were basically at the Skin Refining Realm and Flesh Refining Realm. They were the most basic martial artists. How could they withstand Luo Zheng's aura?
Under Luo Zheng's aura, the faces of the members of the Bamboo Leaf Gang at the table turned pale. Their teeth chattered incessantly, making ear-piercing sounds.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng withdrew his aura that the men's pale faces gradually recovered. However, at this moment, they were still deathly pale and there wasn't the slightest trace of blood on their faces. The Bamboo Leaf Gang finally understood that the person in front of them wasn't to be trifled with!
Luo Zheng lightly tapped his finger and took out a square crystal from his Sumeru Ring. He casually threw it on the table, "Speak, where is Jade Dragon Valley of Nine Yin Mountain?"
The man looked at the square crystal on the table and understood that he had to take it even if he didn't want to. He had to say the location of Jade Dragon Valley even if he didn't want to …
"Nine Yin Mountain … It's not big, it's just a small mountain. Go out of Guanghan County's North Gate and follow the official road for 20 li. Jade Dragon Valley is on the side of Nine Yin Mountain. Climb up Nine Yin Mountain and you'll see a bamboo forest. Go around the bamboo forest and you'll see a deep pool. Behind the deep pool is Jade Dragon Valley!" After all, this was the den of these men. Even in such a tense situation, the man spoke smoothly.
Luo Zheng patted the burly man's shoulder and said, "Very well, this square crystal is yours!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng paid for the meal and went downstairs. He had to make a trip to Jade Dragon Valley.
After Luo Zheng left, the man was paralyzed in his chair. He no longer had the heroic spirit from before. "How can these people be so abnormal!"