According to the man's words, after leaving the northern gate of Guanghan County, he had to walk twenty li on the official road.
With Luo Zheng's speed, twenty li was nothing more than an instant.
After reaching the twenty li north of Guanghan County, Luo Zheng saw a small path that extended to a small mountain not far away. This mountain should be Nine Yin Mountain.
Just as the man had said, Nine Yin Mountain was only a small mountain and was not famous. This kind of mountain could be found everywhere, and not many people in Guanghan County knew about it.
After climbing to the top of the mountain, he saw a bamboo forest from the side. Following the bamboo forest, he heard the sound of flowing water. It was the sound of several small streams flowing down from the mountain and converging into a pool.
"After crossing this pool, it should be Jade Dragon Valley. I wonder what kind of secret is hidden in this Jade Dragon Valley!"
Luo Zheng followed the edge of the pool and went around it. Suddenly, he heard two shouts in front of him. "Who goes there!"
After the two shouts were heard, he heard two sounds of air being torn apart. Two flying axes were spinning at an extremely high speed and were flying towards his head.
Luo Zheng's face sank. The broken throwing knife jumped into his hand and shot out explosively. It drew an arc in the air and instantly cut the two flying axes in half!
Looking over, he saw two people holding flying axes, one on the left and one on the right. They continued to gesture at Luo Zheng, "We are from the Forbidden City's Yu Family. This is not a place you should be. Quickly retreat!"
"What if I don't retreat?" Luo Zheng sneered. After going to White Emperor City, it had been a while since he experienced the tyranny of the seven noble families!
"Then you are courting death!"
"I'll turn you into a human stick and plant you in the bamboo forest as a warning to others to prevent others from trespassing!"
These two men didn't give Luo Zheng any time to talk nonsense. They rushed towards Luo Zheng with flying axes in their hands. When they were about twenty feet away from Luo Zheng, they instantly threw out four flying axes, aiming at Luo Zheng's limbs. They really wanted to chop off Luo Zheng's limbs and turn him into a human stick!
Although the four axes were thrown at the same time, there was always a first come first serve.
Luo Zheng waved his right hand, and the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his arm emitted energy. His arm moved at an extremely high speed, leaving behind afterimages!
He actually caught the spinning flying axe with his bare hands!
Not only that, but Luo Zheng also threw the hatchet back at the two men. In a very short period of time, Luo Zheng had caught four hatchet attacks and thrown four more hatchet attacks.
From afar, it looked as if these four flying axes were directly hit back by Luo Zheng. In fact, it was Luo Zheng who caught them one by one and then threw them back.
The Soaring Phoenix Crystal was indeed very useful!
For others, the Soaring Phoenix Crystal could only be embedded into weapons, but for Luo Zheng, it could be used directly on his body!
The two men from the Yu Family of the Forbidden City, who were guarding outside, were shocked when they saw Luo Zheng throw their flying axes back at them. These two brothers were hired guards of the Yu Family. They had been practicing flying axes for decades, so the flying axes they threw out were extremely fast and powerful. Even they didn't dare to catch their own flying axes, but this young boy in front of them easily caught them. What was going on?
Luo Zheng didn't give them a chance to think about this problem. When the flying axes were thrown out, Luo Zheng moved.
While he was moving, Luo Zheng extracted the energy from the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. Through his eight extraordinary meridians, the energy quickly spread throughout his body. Following that, Luo Zheng felt as if his body had become much lighter, as if he only had the weight of a leaf!
Propelled by his own strength, Luo Zheng's figure shot toward the two men like a ghost.
When the two men saw Luo Zheng catch the four flying axes with one hand, they stopped looking down on him and were extremely vigilant against Luo Zheng. When they saw Luo Zheng rushing toward them, his speed suddenly increased, and the two men simultaneously took out two axes from their backs and chopped at Luo Zheng's head.
How could Luo Zheng give them a chance to wave their axes?!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's throwing knife quickly bounced out, leaving a bloody line on one of the men's neck. At the same time, Luo Zheng's body turned, and the broken throwing knife followed Luo Zheng in a circle. The other man's neck happened to be in the circle where the throwing knife went. After the throwing knife swept past, it also left a bloody line!
In an instant, two of the Yu Family's guards were killed!
Luo Zheng put away the broken throwing knife, walked past the two guards' corpses, and continued to walk forward.
Just as the group of burly men had said, this Jade Dragon Valley should be their Bamboo Forest Gang's stronghold. There were all kinds of weapons and wine jars in the valley, and there were even a few wooden houses built to serve as shelters.
After wandering around the Jade Dragon Valley, Luo Zheng found nothing except for the two people at the entrance of the valley!
"Strange, since people from the seven landed gentry clans have come, it's impossible for there to be only two Yu Family guards. Then where did all the other people go? Is there another passage in this Jade Dragon Valley? "Luo Zheng frowned as he looked around. At the same time, he also wandered around the valley.
Finally, Luo Zheng found a lot of messy footprints on the ground of the valley. He raised his head and looked ahead. In front of him, there were only three bamboo trees growing along the walls of the valley. There was no other passage.
And these messy footprints spread along the three bamboos, which was very strange.
Luo Zheng frowned as he looked at the three bamboos. The main roots of these three bamboos were the size of a bowl and had grown for many years. However, the bamboo in the middle wasn't cut off and only half was left. He observed the cut on the bamboo and found that it was obviously cut off by someone new.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng reached out to touch the bamboo that was cut off.
The moment he reached out, Luo Zheng found something strange. He found that the bamboo that was cut off was actually an illusion.
"An illusory formation!"
Luo Zheng immediately understood that there should be an illusory formation set up here. Presumably, cutting off the bamboo in the middle was the way to enter the illusory formation.
Although the members of the Bamboo Leaf Gang had occupied this place for many years, no one had tried to cut off the bamboo in the middle. Naturally, they couldn't find out the secret behind it.
Needless to say, the person who cut off the bamboo, opened the illusory formation, and opened the entrance must be someone from the seven noble families.
Luo Zheng was about to step in. After thinking for a while, he took out a mask from his ring. Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the seven noble families. He only wore the mask to avoid unnecessary trouble. Ever since Luo Zheng left Chongyang County, he understood the importance of family.
Just like when Luo Zheng first provoked Zhuge Hong, he ended up provoking a group of people from his Family Zhuge. It could be imagined that this Family Zhuge would always find trouble with him.
Therefore, wearing the mask was a simple way to avoid trouble.
After putting on the mask, Luo Zheng lifted his leg and followed the footprints into the bamboo forest in front of him.
Luo Zheng was no stranger to illusory formations. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had experienced a lot of illusory formations on the Blood Red Mountain.
The moment he stepped over the three bamboos, Luo Zheng suddenly felt dizzy. The scenery in front of him had changed. Behind the mountain wall was an extremely strange space. Even though Luo Zheng was mentally prepared, he was still shocked!
"Where the hell is this?"
In front of Luo Zheng was a vast forest. If he looked at it from afar, he wouldn't have noticed it. But when he looked closer, every tree in this forest was more than a hundred times bigger than what Luo Zheng had seen in his life!
Looking from afar, Luo Zheng thought it was a blade of grass. But when he looked closer, he found that this blade of grass was like a big tree. As for the real big tree … Luo Zheng stood under its roots. His body was like an ant standing on the thick roots of several hundred feet. Luo Zheng couldn't see the whole picture.
"Is this really an illusory formation?" At this moment, Luo Zheng had a trace of doubt in his heart. If it wasn't an illusory formation, then where was this place? Where could there be such a huge plant?
No matter where it was, this place was definitely not the Eastern Region.
What made Luo Zheng feel even more strange was that he found a huge pink barrier in the sky, covering a hundred miles in all directions. This barrier was probably tens of thousands of feet high and hundreds of miles long. In the end, what kind of almighty person could build such a huge barrier?
The edge of the pink barrier closest to Luo Zheng was behind the entrance.
Luo Zheng slowly approached the pink barrier. From this barrier came a wave of energy that made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate!
"The energy in the blood jade crystal is said to be able to break all barriers. I wonder if it has any effect on this pink barrier?" Luo Zheng's curiosity was aroused.
The traces of energy that escaped from this pink barrier made Luo Zheng feel incomparably dangerous. To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng kept a distance from this barrier. Then, he forced out the energy of the blood jade crystal from his arm and carefully spread it towards this pink barrier.
When the energy of the blood jade crystal came into contact with the pink barrier, a tiny bolt of lightning suddenly shot out from the pink barrier.
"Pata!"
That lightning bolt swallowed up the energy of the blood jade crystal in an instant.
That tiny strand of lightning looked extremely ordinary, but it still caused Luo Zheng to be extremely terrified. It was as if so long as he was struck by this tiny strand of lightning, then he would be doomed eternally and die a graveless death.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but swallow his saliva. So far, no one had ever been able to give him such a big pressure.
What's more, this pink barrier was just an inanimate object. Moreover, the entire barrier had spread so much, yet it could still maintain such power. Could it be that this was a barrier set up by the legendary immortals?
Luo Zheng originally wanted to try his Heavenly Devil Qi, but now he decided to give up. This barrier didn't seem to take the initiative to attack people. If he really attracted the lightning bolt, he was afraid that he would be miserable.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave the edge of the barrier, a creature suddenly appeared from outside the barrier.
It was a tiger, a white tiger!
If it was an ordinary tiger, even if there were thousands or tens of thousands of them, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid. However, this white tiger was different.
This tiger was actually hundreds of feet tall. In comparison, Luo Zheng's small body was even smaller than an ant in front of this tiger.
＝＝＝＝＝