When the White Tiger crawled out of the huge forest outside the boundary, it discovered Luo Zheng and slowly crawled towards Luo Zheng. The White Tiger's eyes were as big as a house. After staring at Luo Zheng for a while, it suddenly let out a huge roar.
"Awoo!"
This tiger's roar was deafening.
Under its roar, all kinds of rare and exotic beasts rushed out of the forest behind the White Tiger. Every bird was extremely huge. Even the smallest bird was only several feet in size.
This tiger's roar blew up a strong wind comparable to the most violent tornado!
The huge wind passed through the pink boundary without any hindrance. It rolled Luo Zheng up and fiercely slammed him into a tree not far away.
"Bang!"
The wind pushed Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng felt as if he had been punched by a Divine Realm expert. His whole body sunk into the trunk of the tree, tens of meters deep. He couldn't move for a long time.
Luo Zheng was embedded in the tree. His mouth was full of blood, and his face revealed a trace of helplessness. Fortunately, the tree trunk was soft. If he was hit by the White Tiger's roar and hit a rock, with such a great impact, wouldn't he be smashed to death?
What the hell was this place? How could it be so terrifying?
Luo Zheng, who was embedded in the tree trunk, rested for a long time before pulling his body out. Fortunately, his body was extremely hard. If it had been someone else, they would have been turned into a broken corpse by the White Tiger's roar.
After Luo Zheng slowly crawled out of the "tree hole" he had crashed into, he found that the White Tiger hadn't left. Instead, it was resting outside the boundary.
At this moment, as soon as Luo Zheng crawled out of the "tree hole", he immediately attracted the White Tiger's attention.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng quickly shrank back into the tree hole. But this time, the White Tiger didn't continue to roar. Unexpectedly, it wanted to pounce on him.
The White Tiger jumped up and pounced towards the pink barrier. Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. He understood that if the pink barrier couldn't stop the White Tiger, he would definitely die today.
As soon as the tiger came into contact with the pink barrier, it saw the surface of the barrier release a small amount of lightning. These small lightning bolts instantly surrounded the entire white tiger!
In the blink of an eye, the white tiger was dismembered by the white lightning. First, it was its fur, then its flesh and blood, and finally its skeleton. All that was left was a Monster Core that smashed into the ground, creating a large crater!
And this Yao Core was actually the size of a house.
The massive Monster Core exuded a strange luster. Waves of energy pulsed within it, as if it contained a power that Luo Zheng didn't recognize, but it was incomparably powerful!
"If the energy in this Monster Core was released, I'm afraid the entire Eastern Region would be destroyed?"
Looking at the Monster Core outside the barrier, Luo Zheng secretly sighed. He didn't know how much this Monster Core could be sold for in the Eastern Region.
Although the Monster Core was close at hand, he could only look at it enviously.
Not to mention that it was impossible to take away such a massive Monster Core, Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring definitely couldn't contain it.
Luo Zheng couldn't pass through this pink barrier. If he really wanted to force his way through, the White Tiger's fate was a portrayal of it. There was absolutely no chance for him to survive.
Staring at the massive Monster Core, Luo Zheng could only shake his head and give up. If he wanted to blame someone, he could only blame himself for being too weak.
But on second thought, where exactly was this magical place? Why was there such a huge creature in it?
Fortunately, there was the existence of this pink barrier above his head. If he was not careful and let that White Tiger into the Eastern Region, he was afraid that even the Emperor of the Burning Heaven Palace, or even the Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect would not be able to survive, right?
After tidying up his mood, Luo Zheng continued to explore this strange forest. Luo Zheng carefully walked in this huge forest. Walking in this forest that was thousands of feet tall, Luo Zheng felt like an ant, slowly crawling on the ground.
Perhaps because of this pink barrier, there were no other creatures in the barrier except for the huge, lush forest and strong grass.
Thinking about it, if any inconspicuous creature appeared here, even if it was just a bug, Luo Zheng's life would be in danger …
In the middle of this huge forest, there was a road that was hundreds of feet wide. Such a wide road was definitely not for mortals to walk on. Luo Zheng could imagine that this road was built for some kind of unknown giant. If he guessed according to the ratio, Luo Zheng's size was probably only one-thousandth of those giants …
Running along this wide 'forest path', it took Luo Zheng less than an hour to cover a distance of over a hundred miles. Finally, a huge immortal mansion appeared in front of him!
That Immortal Mansion was built luxuriously, with pavilions, terraces, and pagodas. Everywhere revealed an elegant Immortal Qi, emitting a bright and mysterious seven-colored light. It didn't seem like something from the mortal world.
That Immortal Mansion was located in the middle of the pink barrier. From the center of the Immortal Mansion, there was a pink ray of light that continuously shot into the sky. After reaching its peak, it spread out and formed that pink light curtain.
"So such a huge barrier was created by this Immortal Mansion. I wonder who the owner of this Immortal Mansion is? Could it be an Immortal? " Luo Zheng was sixty percent sure of his guess. Only a legendary Immortal could have such means.
Most importantly, what was the message Che Daozi left behind in the "Weapon Refining Ancestral Arts"? What did it have to do with this Immortal Mansion?
Luo Zheng soon arrived at the entrance of the Immortal Mansion.
He looked up and saw that the gate was at least five hundred feet tall. Luo Zheng couldn't imagine how big the owner of this Immortal Mansion was.
The gate of the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was open. Just a small threshold was as high as a three-story building. Luo Zheng walked to the threshold, stepped on the edge of the threshold and leaped up. His whole body had already swung over the threshold like a hawk.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng jumped over the threshold, he saw dozens of people standing at the entrance. Judging from their attire, they all wore the uniforms of the seven landed gentry clans. Obviously, they were all from the seven landed gentry clans.
They looked very nervous and seemed to be paying attention to something. However, when Luo Zheng made such a big commotion, they all looked over at Luo Zheng.
"Huh? How come there's a fish that slipped through the net?"
"Like I said, we should've killed those little bastards from the Bamboo Leaf Gang to prevent them from spreading the news."
"He he, the Huang Family of the Sky Dragon Clan has never done anything underhanded. So what if the whole world knows? Who dares compete with our Huang Family? "
The dozens of people discussed spiritedly. Among them, a long-haired woman glanced at Luo Zheng and said faintly, "Yan Jiu, kill that brat. Cut off his head and hang it in the Jade Dragon Valley as a warning to those reckless people not to rashly barge in."
Yan Jiu, who was mentioned by the long-haired woman, walked out of the crowd after hearing the order. He had a strange smile on his face as he slowly took out a dagger hanging from his waist.
Yan Jiu's dagger was longer than an ordinary dagger. The blade of the dagger was shaped like a snake. As Yan Jiu walked towards Luo Zheng, Quintessential Essence emitted from his feet. When the Quintessential Essence appeared, it transformed into a black mist.
"Black mist again!"
Luo Zheng sneered in his heart. He had already experienced many times how unreasonable the seven noble families were and how they would kill on sight.
He also understood that these landed gentry clans were used to being high and mighty. They only knew how to reason with each other and would never reason with anyone other than the seven landed gentry clans. It was as if the lives of all the people in the world were at their fingertips.
Luo Zheng only had one way to deal with this kind of attitude. That was to kill!
Kill until they feared him!
True Essence was ever-changing. Most assassins liked to transform their True Essence into black fog. Luo Zheng had encountered black fog twice before.
The first time was when he had faced the Black White Double Ghosts. However, the black mist produced by the Black White Double Ghosts had not affected Luo Zheng much. Instead, Luo Zheng had used his soul consciousness to locate the Black White Double Ghosts and killed him directly.
The second time was when he had faced the Black Iron Fey King's Heavenly Fey Sacred Flame. Comparatively speaking, the Heavenly Fey Sacred Flame was much more terrifying. Not only could it isolate one's soul consciousness and block one's vision, but it could also corrode everything!
Yan Jiu was dressed like an assassin, so the black mist he released should be about the same level as the Black White Double Ghosts. It might even be slightly stronger than the Black White Double Ghosts. However, there was no difference for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's back was facing the door of the three-story building. He stood where he was, motionless. He watched Yan Jiu slowly approach him. As Yan Jiu approached him, the black fog spread out and surrounded Luo Zheng.
As soon as the black mist blocked Luo Zheng's line of sight, Yan Jiu suddenly moved.
Yan Jiu's body was like a weightless gust of wind, stirring up the black mist and causing it to tumble.
Luo Zheng looked at the rolling black mist in front of him. The broken throwing knife leapt into his hand and he crossed his arms in a defensive stance.
"What is your name?" A gentle voice suddenly came from within the black mist.
It was obviously a man, but his voice sounded so effeminate. Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown. "Don't you seven noble families kill whenever you want? Why do you want to know my name? "
"Oh! This has nothing to do with the noble family I represent. It is my personal hobby. Ever since I started working for the Pei Family, I have assassinated 2,461 people. I remember every single one of their names. If I kill you without knowing your name, wouldn't that break my record? "Yan Jiu's voice floated out from within the mist.
"You don't need to know my name," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Why not?" Yan Jiu hurriedly asked.