Yan Jiu's sharp laughter came from within the smoke. His voice was like that of a foxy woman's. "Ah ha ha ha! It's been a long time since someone dared to say such words to me. I never expected that a half-step Connate junior would say such words. Interesting, interesting! Since you won't tell me your name, I'll cut you into a thousand pieces and slice off a thousand pieces of flesh from your body. Let's see if you'll tell me or not! "
Then, the black smoke enveloping Luo Zheng rolled again. Suddenly, a murderous intent came from Luo Zheng's back. This murderous intent was so sharp that it went straight to Luo Zheng's heart.
Given the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, even some Divine Reflection Realm experts were no match for him. Yan Jiu was only a Connate lifeform. Luo Zheng easily located Yan Jiu's position. Based on Yan Jiu's murderous intent, Luo Zheng guessed that Yan Jiu was coming from his back.
At this moment, Luo Zheng purposely showed a flaw. He faced the front as if he was facing a great enemy. He was waiting for Yan Jiu to attack him from behind so that Luo Zheng could counterattack.
"Now's the time!"
Luo Zheng felt the murderous intent on his back getting stronger. Yan Jiu should be close by. Hence, Luo Zheng swung his broken throwing knife.
"Pfft!"
Luo Zheng felt as if he had stabbed someone in the back. With the sharpness of the broken flying dagger, Yan Jiu would definitely be killed by this attack.
However, at this moment, another person appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was Yan Jiu!
"Ah ha ha ha!" Yan Jiu, who had appeared in front of Luo Zheng out of nowhere, raised his snake-shaped dagger and slashed Luo Zheng's chest. Then, he disappeared into the black smoke. Yan Jiu laughed. "Although you're only a half-step Connate, your reaction speed is far beyond my expectations. You're really something, but … your strength is still not enough! After all, you're only a half-step Connate. Your understanding of Ethereal Core is not deep enough! "
Standing in the black fog, Luo Zheng frowns.
"Strange. There was clearly a person behind me. According to the perception of my soul, it should be Yan Jiu himself. I also used the broken flying knife to cut him open. Why would Yan Jiu suddenly appear in front of me?"
What was so strange about this?
Yan Jiu obviously wouldn't give Luo Zheng too much time to think about this problem.
Just as Luo Zheng was pondering, the black fog churned again. "Hahaha, you can't figure it out, right? Don't worry! There are a lot of people who can't figure it out like you. They've already reported to the King of Hell! "
Just as the sharp voice faded away, a murderous intent came from Luo Zheng's left.
"Left this time?" While Luo Zheng was guessing, he changed his mind. He waved his broken throwing knife and attacked to the right. "It's the right side!"
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife stabbed Yan Jiu again. However, the moment Luo Zheng pulled the broken throwing knife back, he didn't see any blood on the blade. A bad premonition arose in his heart.
"Wrong, it's the back!"
"Slash!"
The snake-shaped dagger cut a wound on Luo Zheng's back. The strength of the knife was so great that Luo Zheng's flesh was cut and rolled up.
What was going on?
Just now, for a moment, did he have an illusion?
Luo Zheng felt that there were people on both his left and right. Moreover, it was Yan Jiu himself!
Why did the two of them disappear in the end? And why did Yan Jiu attack him from behind?
This illusion even made Luo Zheng think that Yan Jiu wasn't alone. It seemed like there were two or even three people!
However, when Yan Jiu was walking towards him, he was clearly alone. Why were there two more people out of nowhere? What was even stranger was that the two of them were completely fine after being cut by Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife.
"Hehe, tell me your name. If you tell me your name, I'll let you die a quick death. You won't have to suffer the pain of a thousand cuts! You can imagine the feeling of your flesh being cut off by my snake-shaped dagger … "Yan Jiu's voice sounded again.
No, it should only be Yan Jiu alone. Based on the way the seven aristocratic families acted, they wouldn't send a few people to deal with him after realizing that he was only a Half-step to Inborn.
However, if it was only Yan Jiu alone, then the two people who appeared on his left and right …
A flash of light lit up in Luo Zheng's mind. At this thought, Luo Zheng was suddenly enlightened!
Luo Zheng sneered and said, "Don't brag too much. Do you think you have the chance to die by a thousand cuts?"
"Why wouldn't I have the chance? Look, you've been cut twice by me. You only have 998 cuts left. I have plenty of time to play with you slowly … "After Yan Jiu finished speaking, the black fog started rolling again. It seemed like he was about to launch a third attack on Luo Zheng.
This time, Luo Zheng still stood in the same spot and waited for Yan Jiu to come closer.
Yan Jiu's attacking method was indeed very special. This kind of fighting method had always allowed Yan Jiu to win every time. However, this time, he met Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng used his soul to sense his surroundings again. He felt three identical killing intents coming from his left, front, and back.
"If I'm not wrong, you intend to attack from the front this time!" Luo Zheng suddenly pounced forward. The broken throwing knife hit the person in front of him for the third time. However, at the same time, Luo Zheng drew a circle with his finger. A streak of purple-black Sky Devil Genuine Qi spread out silently.
The purple-black Sky Devil Genuine Qi was very obscure. It was similar in color to the black fog that Yan Jiu had set up. If one didn't look carefully, they wouldn't be able to detect it.
The Sky Devil Genuine Qi spread out rapidly in a small circle, like a ripple in water.
When the ripple touched something in the black fog, Luo Zheng patted his head and shouted, "Oh, I guessed wrong. It's not the front. It should be … the back!"
Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! Puff! Luo Zheng's right arm emitted layers of energy. In an instant, Luo Zheng's speed reached a terrifying level. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had slashed 30 times behind him.
Because Luo Zheng's attacks were too fast, Luo Zheng didn't hear Yan Jiu scream until he had put away the broken throwing knife.
"Ahhhhh …"
This time, Luo Zheng's attack didn't kill Yan Jiu. The 30 strikes he made were aimed at Yan Jiu's arms and legs.
The 30 knife attacks were sharp enough to cut Yan Jiu into pieces. However, Luo Zheng still had a trick up his sleeve.
After parting the layers of black fog, Luo Zheng walked up to Yan Jiu. He looked at the sissy man in front of him and said coldly, "Do you still want to know my name?"
"How did you find me?" Yan Jiu shrieked.
"Are you curious?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Yan Jiu's face was distorted by the intense pain. "Tell me!"
"Go to hell and find the answer!" As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the broken throwing knife in his hand flew out and pierced Yan Jiu's neck. It then penetrated the ground. Luo Zheng clasped his thumb and retrieved the broken throwing knife.
Luo Zheng had been misled from the start.
The Quintessential Origin Energy of humans was really mysterious and ever-changing.
Yan Jiu's fighting style had indeed amazed Luo Zheng.
Actually, Yan Jiu had been the only one who had been trying to assassinate Luo Zheng. However, the black fog hadn't been created by Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy.
The black fog before Luo Yunyang's eyes had only been a smokescreen. Yan Jiu had probably used something else to create it. The object created by Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy had to be Yan Jiu himself.
Some people's Quintessential Origin Energy could turn into lotus flowers, such as Wang Yanmiao. Some people's Quintessential Origin Energy could form layers of barriers, such as Yun Luo.
Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy could transform into his own body.
This meant that the person Luo Zheng had stabbed at the beginning had been a dummy created by Yan Jiu's Quintessential Origin Energy.
During the first attack, Yan Jiu had created two dummies.
When Yan Jiu had used the same method to assassinate Luo Zheng for the third time, Luo Zheng had seen through his plan and given Luo Zheng a way to deal with it.
When Yan Jiu had created three dummies to attack Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng had released the Sky Demon Quintessential Energy from his body. Thanks to the Sky Demon Quintessential Energy's ability to devour Quintessential Origin Energy, Luo Zheng had sensed that the Yan Jiu in front, left and right had been devoured by the Sky Demon Quintessential Energy.
This meant that the three dummies in front, left and right had been created by Quintessential Origin Energy. The real Yan Jiu had been attacking him from behind.
After making the right judgment, Luo Zheng decisively launched a frenzied attack from behind.
When Yan Jiu had been killed by Luo Zheng, the black fog had started to dissipate gradually.
When the dozens of people from the seven large landed gentry families had seen Yan Jiu attack Luo Zheng, they had stopped paying attention.
In their opinion, Yan Jiu alone was more than enough to deal with the brat who had suddenly barged in.
To them, the brat who had suddenly barged in was like a moth that had accidentally flown into a spider's web. All they had to do was reach out and pluck him from the spider's web and crush him to death.
However, when the black fog had slowly dissipated, someone among the crowd had unintentionally looked over and exclaimed in surprise, "Eh? Yan Jiu is dead? "
The long-haired woman had also turned her head and frowned as she stared at Luo Zheng. "Interesting. He can actually deal with Yan Jiu. It seems that I have underestimated him!"
"He is only a Half-step to the Innate Realm, yet he was able to kill Yan Jiu. This brat is really interesting!" someone else said.
After Luo Zheng had killed Yan Jiu, he had not approached those people. Instead, he had planned to go around them.
However, at this moment, the long-haired woman suddenly shouted, "Who are you?"
Luo Zheng was on guard as he replied, "Who I am has nothing to do with you. Also, don't use the name of the seven large landed gentry families to scare me. It's useless. Let's mind our own business!"
When the long-haired woman heard Luo Zheng's words, she suddenly laughed again. "Do you know that your words are very childish?"
Luo Zheng placed the flying knife horizontally in front of his chest and said, "I don't know if it's childish or not, but those who dare to find trouble with me will die, just like the brat lying on the ground!"
It was impossible that Luo Zheng had no scruples about the seven large landed gentry families. At least, among the dozens of people in front of him, there were some who were emitting extremely dangerous auras. If they were really serious, Luo Zheng could only run away.
However, since Luo Zheng had obtained the illustration in the Weapon Refining Secret Arts, he was not a fool. Everything in this world, including this Immortal Mansion, contained great opportunities. There was no reason for him to shrink back.
"Hahahaha …"
"Hahaha …"