To the Pei Family of Wei River, Yan Jiu was just an insignificant consecrator.
Yan Jiu's strength was probably at the bottom of the heap in the eyes of these nobles. They hadn't expected this brat to be so insolent as to say such words after killing Yan Jiu.
The crowd burst into laughter. Then, the long-haired woman said, "Ye Chou, go and kill that brat. Don't disappoint me. Yan Jiu has been killed by that brat, which means that he is a little strange. Be careful."
Yan Jiu was only at Xiantian Realm Level Six, while Ye Chou was at Xiantian Realm Level Eight. His strength was one level higher than Yan Jiu's.
Luo Zheng's killing of Yan Jiu had only made the nobles look down on him a little less. However, this was far from enough to make them take him seriously. In their opinion, Yan Jiu's death at the hands of this brat was probably due to luck.
As for Ye Chou's strength, he was much stronger than Yan Jiu's …
The luck of a half-step Xiantian brat couldn't possibly make up for the difference in strength between him and Ye Chou. Therefore, everyone believed that the brat was dead for sure.
However, after dispatching Ye Chou this time, some nobles still paid attention to Luo Zheng. They were just curious as to how the masked brat had managed to kill Yan Jiu.
After Ye Chou was dispatched, he quickly rushed toward Luo Zheng with a strange identity.
Ye Chou's personality was completely different from Yan Jiu's. As an assassin, Yan Jiu was talkative, which was a big taboo.
On the other hand, Ye Chou was a very calm person. He didn't underestimate any of his opponents. Even if the masked brat was only at the half-step Xiantian Realm, Ye Chou would still go all out and not give him any chance to turn the tables.
"Ah, as expected …" Luo Zheng felt a headache coming on. These nobles simply wouldn't listen to him. Whether it was threats, begging for mercy, or anything else, none of them had any effect on these nobles.
There was only one way left, and that was to turn them into dead people. Only by killing them at the very last moment would they understand that he was not trying to scare them!
Ye Chou approached with a strange footwork as the True Yuan in his hands quickly condensed into two dark green swords. When he was about three meters away from Luo Zheng, Ye Chou's footwork became even more strange. He clearly looked like he was about to stab the two swords into Luo Zheng's chest, but his entire body actually shifted in parallel and circled behind Luo Zheng.
By the time Luo Zheng turned around, Ye Chou had already jumped on top of Luo Zheng's head. Ye Chou brandished his two long swords, forming a strangling force, blocking all of Luo Zheng's escape routes.
"Ten Directions Annihilation!"
Ye Chou's two dark green long swords looked disorderly and disorderly, but in fact, they had blocked all of Luo Zheng's escape routes.
With Ye Chou's personality, he would never let his guard down. But at this moment, Ye Chou also believed that Luo Zheng was dead for sure. There had never been a case of anyone who had been hit by his "Ten Directional Annihilation".
But when Ye Chou swooped down on Luo Zheng and saw the look in Luo Zheng's eyes, Ye Chou couldn't help but feel a little flustered.
In the past, when Ye Chou's opponents faced his "Ten Directions Annihilation", their eyes would reveal fear, despair, and helplessness …
But the young man in front of him, in his bright and shining eyes, was so indifferent, as if he had seen through all life and death in the world. For a moment, Ye Chou had the illusion that this masked young man wouldn't fight back, as if he was going to sacrifice himself for justice!
"Don't think too much, just kill him. This kid must be strong and calm. No matter if he fights back or not, since he's been enveloped by my" Ten Directions Annihilation ", there's only one path, and that is death!" Ye Chou reminded himself in his heart.
But the moment Ye Chou approached Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled faintly. From between his eyebrows, a light yellow sharp spike suddenly pierced out.
"Soul-Shaking Spike!"
An inexplicable pain came from the depths of his soul. This pain came so suddenly and fiercely.
Affected by this pain, Ye Chou was unable to concentrate. The two dark green long swords in his hands, condensed from true essence, naturally dissipated between heaven and earth.
Before Ye Chou had time to react, the broken flying dagger had already pierced his head with a gust of wind, piercing through his entire body.
In a battle between martial artists, there was often only one chance. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity, so he used a thunderous method to kill this person.
"Plop!"
Ye Chou, who had been pierced by the flying dagger, fell to the ground and became a lifeless corpse.
"Ah, no way, Ye Chou was also killed?"
"That kid really isn't easy to deal with!"
Originally, there were several landowning household descendants who had focused their attention on this side. They saw Ye Chou use his killing move, "Ten Directions Annihilation", and then saw Ye Chou inexplicably withdraw his attack, and then be pierced by that masked kid's flying dagger just like that …
This scene was truly incomparably strange.
Ye Chou had been a famous expert for a long time, and looking at that masked kid's flying dagger technique, there didn't seem to be anything special.
Why didn't Ye Chou know to dodge? Why was he so stupidly pierced by the flying dagger?
At this moment, the several dozen landowning household descendants finally understood that Luo Zheng wasn't easy to deal with.
Half-step Xiantian strength was only a facade, and the Wei River's Pei Family had paid the price of two of their family's consecrators.
The long-haired woman's frown deepened. "Our Pei Family is too lazy to send anyone, who will go?"
"Heh heh, it's rare to see such a tenacious kid. Let this old man go!" The one who spoke was an old man holding a dragon-shaped walking stick. After the old man finished speaking, he tapped the walking stick in his hand, and a trace of true essence emerged from the dragon head of the walking stick, burning fiercely.
This old man was actually a Divine Reflection expert.
The long-haired woman's expression brightened when she heard that the old man was going to personally take action. "I'm really sorry that we need a Divine Reflection expert like Elder Huang to personally deal with a half-step Xiantian ant!"
"What's wrong with that? I, Huang Yunxian, have never looked down on people. That masked kid's abilities are incomparably strange. Being able to kill your Pei Family's consecrator Lian Wei is proof of his astonishing strength. This old man will personally take care of him! "Huang Yunxian leaned on his walking stick, preparing to personally take action.
Luo Zheng noticed the old man with the walking stick, and his expression grew even more cautious. A Divine Reflection expert was far stronger than him.
Although he had almost killed Xu Xiu last time with the Demonic God Fist, that was because Xu Xiu was stupid at that time, giving him an opportunity to take advantage of.
If a Divine Reflection expert dealt with him seriously, Luo Zheng would have no chance!
Facing a Divine Reflection expert, Luo Zheng only had one word left: run.
However, before Luo Zheng's "run" could be used, the immortal mansion suddenly trembled.
The long-haired woman's expression suddenly changed. "Elder Huang, we'll deal with that kid later. It's better for us to deal with business first!"
Huang Yunxian's expression was also serious. He nodded and said, "Okay, the matter at hand is the most important. As for that masked kid's life … As long as he's still in the immortal mansion, it'll be easy to take his life!"
The trembling under everyone's feet became more and more intense, as if an earthquake was occurring.
After a while, they saw a Thunder Leopard running wildly on the huge square in front of the immortal mansion!
The Thunder Leopard's speed was just like the two words "Thunder" in its name. It was the fastest demon beast in the eastern region!
Many people were keen on the Thunder Leopard's extreme speed, and were willing to pay a high price to keep it at home as a spiritual beast.
It seemed that this Thunder Leopard should belong to one of the noble family's children present. However, the ground was trembling so much, what was going on? Looking at the gate at the end of the square in front of the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng's face was full of caution.
Just as the Thunder Leopard ran out of the gate, two giants holding Wolf Tooth Clubs came out from behind the gate and chased after the Thunder Leopard with all their might!
These two giants were not living creatures, but puppets. One couldn't feel the slightest bit of life from them.
In the eastern region, there was no lack of talented people and skilled craftsmen who could make very powerful puppets.
However, no one could make puppets that were so lifelike, as if they were real people. Moreover, these puppets were as tall as 100 zhang, like small hills. When they ran, the whole ground shook violently as if there was an earthquake.
With each tremor, Luo Zheng was thrown up high from the ground. The situation was the same for the several tens of noble family's children. Everyone was thrown up and down along with the ground.
Fortunately, apart from Luo Zheng, everyone else was at least a Xiantian expert. If they were ordinary people, these tremors alone would have killed them.
Compared to the two giant puppets that were as tall as small hills, the Thunder Leopard running in front of them was like a small insect crawling on the ground.
"Bang!"
One of the giants, holding a Wolf Tooth Club, smashed it fiercely at the Thunder Leopard.
The Rushing Thunder Leopard was also extremely agile. Facing the huge Wolf Teeth Club descending from the sky, the Rushing Thunder Leopard suddenly raised an electric current under its feet. Immediately, it turned into a lightning bolt and fiercely rushed forward, avoiding the Wolf Teeth Club.
The body of the giant puppet was like a small hill, and the Wolf Tooth Club was not small either. It was almost equivalent to half a mountain.
What would it feel like to have the power of half a mountain smashing into the ground?
With the Wolf Tooth Club as the center, a shock wave visible to the naked eye immediately spread out in all directions!
This terrifying force was like a tsunami, spreading over the huge square.
"Oh no, my Thunder Leopard! If it gets sucked in by the shock wave, I'm afraid we won't be able to enter the immortal mansion's inner court! "One of the noble family's children shouted loudly. Obviously, he was quite worried about his own Thunder Leopard.
＝＝＝＝＝