Although the Thunder Leopard was fast, it obviously couldn't outrun the speed of the spreading shockwave. If the Thunder Leopard was caught in such a strong shockwave, it would probably be turned to dust immediately.
As soon as the man finished speaking, the long-haired woman among the landowning households stretched out her hand. Her long hair billowed like waves, and a blue ball of light appeared on her body. The blue ball of light disappeared as soon as it appeared.
In the next moment, the blue ball of light appeared on the Thunder Leopard's body, protecting it.
When the shockwave spread to the Thunder Leopard, the ball of light only dimmed a little. Obviously, it had absorbed all of the shockwave's power. However, the Thunder Leopard was not injured at all. It continued to guide the two giant puppets.
As the shockwave continued to spread, it swept toward the seven landowning households and Luo Zheng.
Many of the seven landowning households ran to the corners to avoid the shockwave's impact. Although the shockwave's power had weakened a lot due to the distance, it was still unbearable for Xiantian life forms.
Only the long-haired woman, the old man surnamed Huang, and the other two Divine Reflection experts didn't move at all. They stood in place, allowing the shockwave to hit them without moving.
On the other side of the square, Luo Zheng also didn't dodge. He faced the shockwave head-on. When the shockwave swept past his body, it gave him a great impact. It was this impact that caused a warm current to flow inside Luo Zheng's body, washing his dantian.
After a series of battles, Luo Zheng felt that his dantian was on the verge of a breakthrough. The reason why he didn't dodge the shockwave was that he wanted to use the shockwave's power to wash his dantian, and see if it could help him break through to the Xiantian stage!
Unfortunately, after the shockwave's power disappeared, his dantian still didn't change fundamentally. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of depression. If only the shockwave came a few more times. The shockwave's power was moderate, and it could help him wash his dantian more.
Not far away, the long-haired woman and the other Divine Reflection experts saw the shockwave sweep past Luo Zheng's body.
They thought that the kid didn't want to live anymore. Facing such a fierce shockwave, he didn't dodge at all, and just stood in place like them!
This kid would most likely be turned into fine powder by the shockwave.
But after the shockwave passed by, not only was the kid not shaken to pieces, he was full of energy, as if he hadn't had enough …
Those Xiantian lifeforms didn't see the scene of Luo Zheng withstanding the shockwaves because they had found some corners to hide in. However, they didn't think much of it.
The Illuminating Spirit Realm experts were shocked. What was this kid's body made of? He was only at the Xiantian Mystic Realm. He couldn't even protect himself with Quintessential Energy. Yet, he was able to take on the shockwave head-on. Was this kid a freak?
If they didn't kill this brat, he would definitely rise up and become an overlord in the future. This was what the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts thought.
Although some of them had already wanted to kill Luo Zheng, now was obviously not the time to target Luo Zheng.
For this trip, the biggest goal of the seven landowning households was to enter the inner sect of this immortal abode.
The temptation of an immortal's cave abode was undeniably hard to resist!
But in their previous exploration, they'd discovered that there were two giant puppets guarding the entrance. These giant puppets would attack anyone who entered the inner sect without permission!
When they'd first discovered the two giant puppets, they'd been caught off guard and killed by their spiked clubs.
This time, the seven landowning households had come prepared. One of them had brought along the fastest Thunder Leopard!
Their opportunity was to make use of the Thunder Leopard's speed to provoke the two giant puppets. They would lure the two giant puppets into the square from the inner sect. Then, while the two giant puppets were chasing the Thunder Leopard, they would take the opportunity to sneak into the inner sect!
But just as they were about to carry out their plan, a masked kid suddenly appeared from the side.
They'd thought that the masked kid was just an insignificant fellow who could be killed by a random person.
But who'd have thought that one person wouldn't work, and two of them would die. They hadn't even finished off the masked kid when the leopard had successfully lured the two giant puppets into the square.
Of course, they weren't in the mood to chase after the masked kid. Now, they just wanted to be one step ahead. While the leopard was still attracting the two giant puppets, they'd run all the way into the inner sect!
Although the seven landowning households were working together this time, there was still some intrigue between them. After all, even if the treasures in the immortal abode were nothing, if they could get a share of it from their own households, they'd make a fortune!
The long-haired woman was at the front, with several Divine Reflection experts following closely behind her. A group of Xiantian lifeforms were also running quickly.
Luo Zheng stood on the square and saw the whole situation clearly. At this time, how could he not know what to do? Naturally, he'd run after the landowning households. They'd spent a lot of effort to lure the two giant puppets out. For Luo Zheng, this was a good opportunity.
When the Divine Reflection experts saw that Luo Zheng wanted to follow them, their faces darkened.
Because they were afraid of attracting the attention of the giant puppets, they'd spared the masked kid's life for the time being. But they hadn't expected that the kid would dare to follow them into the inner sect.
One had to know that they'd planned for a long time to enter the inner sect, but now they were being followed by an inexplicable kid. In the eyes of these landowning households, this was absolutely unacceptable.
"Stop him, don't let him follow. It's best to kill him!" The long-haired woman said through gritted teeth.
Old Huang, who was running quickly behind the long-haired woman, had a murderous look on his face. Several yellow lights flickered on his body. He waved his hand, and several Vital Essences gushed out from his body. As soon as these humanoid Vital Essences appeared, they prostrated themselves on the ground and turned into three earthy yellow wolves.
Flames burned on the backs of these yellow wolves. This was the effect of burning Vital Essences.
"Go, kill that kid!" Old Huang said in a low voice.
Under Old Huang's command, the three yellow wolves turned around and ran. They bared their fangs and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng moved forward quickly, and the three wolves moved backward. In a few breaths' time, the three wolves were only six meters away from Luo Zheng.
"That old guy's Vital Essences Incarnation is an earthy wolf?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly. Then, he quickly extracted the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence from his dantian and gathered it in his right fist.
Relatively speaking, Luo Zheng liked this kind of Vital Essences Incarnation the most. When the leading earthy wolf pounced on Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly bent down and punched out with his right fist.
"Demonic Shaking the World!"
A purple-black fist shadow shot out from his hand. With the help of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, the speed of this fist was more than ten times faster.
Even though this earthy wolf was far more agile than Xu Xiu's Five-Clawed Golden Dragon, Luo Zheng's fist still landed solidly on the earthy wolf's body!
In the distance, Old Huang was still madly running toward the inner sect. The square was only a few hundred steps away for the giant puppets, but it was equivalent to dozens of miles for the tiny humans. He maintained his high speed while controlling the earthy wolves.
When he noticed that Luo Zheng was punching at the earthy wolves, the corners of his mouth curled into a sneer.
His Vital Essences were very special. These earthy wolves didn't look amazing, but in fact, no matter what method was used to crush them, they would automatically recover. That kid using his fists to attack his earthy wolves was undoubtedly a waste of energy.
But soon, he couldn't smile anymore. That sneer was like the frost of late autumn, frozen at the corners of his mouth.
The Vital Essences Earthy Wolf that was hit by Luo Zheng quickly underwent a strange change. Its entire body turned from earthy yellow to black. At the same time, Old Huang felt that he had lost the ability to control the earthy wolf!
What a strange power. How did this kid do it? Old Huang was secretly shocked. This kid had actually snatched away one of his Vital Essences Incarnations, and it had even turned black!
In his shock, Old Huang comforted himself. It didn't matter. There were still two more earthy wolves. He only needed two to kill him. Old Huang no longer thought about it. He reached out his hand, and the two earthy wolves surrounding Luo Zheng in the distance began to burn with their Vital Essences. Their claws left claw marks on the ground, and after a soft roar, they rushed toward Luo Zheng!
Facing two earthy wolves that were constantly burning their Vital Essences, Luo Zheng didn't panic at all. He controlled the black wolf to meet the first earthy wolf.
This black wolf was formed from the Heavenly Demon True Qi that had swallowed Old Huang's Vital Essences. Facing the first earthy wolf, it wasn't at a disadvantage at all. While the black wolf and the earthy wolf were fighting, the black wolf's claws cut open the earthy wolf's body, and a trace of Heavenly Demon True Qi escaped into it. Soon, the earthy wolf was also swallowed by the Heavenly Demon True Qi and turned completely black.
The other earthy wolf was dealt with by Luo Zheng. This time, when Luo Zheng used the Heavenly Demon God Fist, his heart suddenly moved.
Since this earthy wolf could be swallowed by the Heavenly Demon True Qi and be used by me, I wonder if the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal would be able to upgrade this earthy wolf?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng used the "Demon Moves the World" to attack the earthy wolf. At the same time, he poured the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal into it!
The earthy wolf that was hit by Luo Zheng's "Heavenly Demon God Fist" knelt on the ground and let out a mournful cry. In the blink of an eye, the earthy yellow wolf turned black and became the black wolf controlled by Luo Zheng.
However, the difference between this black wolf and the two earthy wolves was that there was a faint trace of bright purple energy circulating around this black wolf's body. This bright purple energy was the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal.
"Let's test its speed!" Luo Zheng controlled the black wolf that had been infused with the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to move.
"Xiu!"
This black wolf rushed forward like a bolt of lightning. This black wolf's speed was more than ten times faster than before!
In comparison, the Rushing Thunder Leopard, which was known as the fastest running beast in the Eastern Region, was not even worth mentioning in front of this black wolf.