"How did this happen?" a Divine Realm expert asked Elder Huang.
Old Huang's face turned dark. He angrily said, "I don't know either. This brat's True Qi is very strange. He actually took away my True Essence Incarnation. Moreover, one of the coyotes seemed to have been strengthened by him. I'm going to kill him! "
The long-haired woman shook her head. "No, we'll attract the attention of the giant puppets. If we do, all our efforts will be for naught!"
"Are we just going to let him follow us?" someone asked angrily.
"As long as we enter the inner sect, can't we kill a half-step Xiantian junior?" the long-haired woman sneered.
Although the kid seemed to have some strange methods, easily dealing with Yan Nine and Ye Chou, so what if he had some tricks? In front of a Divine Realm expert, he was nothing!
"Good," the long-haired woman ordered. "Once we enter the inner sect, Elder Huang and Wanderer Wuyue will work together to kill him!"
After everyone reached a consensus, they no longer paid attention to the kid behind them. Then, the long-haired woman stretched out her hand, and dozens of talismans floated out from her hand. After those talismans appeared, they flew to the top of everyone's head in succession, and at the same time, a gust of wind blew.
The talismans could increase a person's movement speed. With the help of the talismans, everyone's speed increased by more than thirty percent.
The huge square was dozens of miles long, but in everyone's eyes, they arrived in an instant. Soon, they entered the inner sect.
After entering the inner sect, everyone let out a long breath. They had paid a heavy price to enter, even sacrificing many people.
Elder Huang's face was still ugly. He just wanted to crush the masked kid with his own hands.
"Good," the long-haired woman said to Elder Huang. "Since that kid wants to follow us, we'll end his life here!"
Elder Huang snorted. "There's a path to heaven, but he won't take it. There's no door to hell. This will be his burial ground!"
In addition to Elder Huang, there was another Divine Radiance Realm expert beside him. This was Wanderer Wuyue. He was also accumulating power, hoping to kill this half-step Xiantian brat in one blow.
If they weren't in the immortal mansion, but outside, they wouldn't need two Divine Realm experts.
But in the immortal mansion, there were too many variables. They wanted to be safe and not cause any trouble.
Not long after, Luo Zheng, who was wearing a mask, also walked into the inner sect. Beside him was a huge black wolf. Luo Zheng had combined the two black wolves into one, so it looked more than twice as big as the coyote that Huang Lao had created with his Zhen Yuan.
"So many people are waiting for me?" Luo Zheng smiled.
"If I were you, I wouldn't smile now! As a half-step Xiantian kid, you have such strength. That's admirable.. but do you think you can survive against us? " Elder Huang said in a deep voice. He didn't know why, but when he saw the smile on the masked kid's face, he felt a little nervous.
"He's just strong and calm. Old Huang, don't waste words with him. Kill him." Wanderer Wuyue's azure true essence began to flicker. He was about to attack Luo Zheng.
. "Wait." Luo Zheng suddenly waved his hand, then smiled at Elder Huang. "Don't you think I didn't bring anything in?"
Elder Huang stared blankly. At the same time, his face showed some doubt. He had clearly seen Luo Zheng devouring his Zhen Yuan incarnation. If he remembered correctly, Luo Zheng seemed to be missing a black wolf. Before entering the second gate, Elder Huang had seen the speed of that black wolf. It was much faster than his own wolf.
"I came here with the same goal as everyone. Since everyone has the same goal, there's no need to hate each other. I used some method to strengthen that black wolf, and now I've left it outside. I believe that using that black wolf to lure in the giant puppet is better than using your Thunder Leopard. I think that's something no one wants to see," Luo Zheng said lightly.
It turned out that Luo Zheng didn't bring the black wolf with him after strengthening it with the Phoenix Xiang Crystal. Instead, he left it in the huge square outside. Now that he had come in, the lightning fast black wolf could lure in the giant puppet.
If these people wanted to make a move against Luo Zheng, they would have to think twice. Luo Zheng only needed to give a command and he would be able to lure the two mountain-like giant puppets into the inner sect. When that time came, no one present would be able to survive!
"Courting death!" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Elder Huang flew into a rage.
"What a smart boy!" The long-haired woman stared fiercely at Luo Zheng. Her charming eyes contained layers of murderous intent. "I have to say, your move is very beautiful. In fact, you're just a little half-step Xiantian. You don't have the qualifications to be on equal footing with our seven great families. But … what you said makes sense. If we don't cooperate, I'm afraid the problems in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion will be more troublesome!"
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, revealing his white teeth. "That's right. It's not good to fight and kill!"
Luo Zheng's words made the group of Xiantian lifeforms and Divine Reflection experts want to vomit blood. How many leopard guts did this boy eat? Not only was he so meticulous in his work, but he was also so calm in the desperate situation surrounded by strong enemies.
This kind of temperament was admirable and terrifying!
Although the seven great aristocratic families were unconvinced, they really didn't have a good way to deal with Luo Zheng at this time. They could only temporarily give up the idea of dealing with Luo Zheng.
But it was impossible for them to accept Luo Zheng as a teammate in this exploration of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. Therefore, they could only put Luo Zheng aside and size up the environment in the inner gate of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion before making any plans.
The outer gate of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion was a huge square. It was completely empty. They had already explored this point.
However, there was another change within the Inner Sect.
Within the Inner Sect, there was a small path paved with jade, and on both sides of the path was a pool of water!
To the immortals in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, it was just a small pool. But to Luo Zheng, it was like a large lake.
"Pill workshop!"
"Weapon workshop!"
"Scripture Tower!"
After looking around, they couldn't help but scream, fervent desire in their eyes.
In the middle of this long path was a small pavilion that was as tall as a mountain. Seven paths extended from the pavilion, each leading in seven different directions. At the end of those paths were the immortals' alchemy rooms, weapon refineries, and so on …
How good would the pills and weapons left behind by immortals be?
They couldn't imagine.
The only thing they were sure of was that these things would bring them endless benefits!
"Whoosh whoosh!"
An Divine Reflection expert rushed out like a gust of wind.
The seven landowning houses weren't united to begin with. The dangers of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion had brought them together. Now that they'd entered a mountain of treasures, they naturally had to strike first!
Everyone from the seven landed gentry families had already lost their minds. When the Divine Illumination Realm expert rushed out, the others couldn't help but follow.
However, just as the Divine Illumination Realm expert in the lead charged a distance of several hundred meters along the jade-paved path, a sudden change occurred.
Suddenly, ripples appeared on the surface of the pond, and then a red koi fish floated to the surface.
Koi fish were nothing more than common animals to humans. The landowning houses reared tens of thousands of them in their courtyards.
However, the average koi fish was only five or six inches long. Even the larger ones were only ten inches long.
The one floating on the water, however, was thirty meters long. It was a colossal creature.
The koi's bulging eyes stared at the Divine Reflection expert running along the path. Suddenly, it swung its tail, and its enormous body leapt out of the water toward the Divine Reflection expert on the jade path.
Those who'd reached the Divine Reflection Realm were no weaklings. The Divine Reflection expert reacted quickly. Suddenly, he felt his head darken. When he looked up, he saw a colossal creature bearing down on him. His inner energy flickered, and he tried to dodge to the side.
But at that moment, the koi that didn't look scary suddenly opened its mouth.
Carps didn't have teeth, but this Koi's mouth was filled with sharp teeth. It was such a beautiful and cute Koi, but at this moment, it looked so terrifying that it made people's hair stand on end.
However, after a Divine Realm expert circulated his True Essence, his speed was extremely fast. It was impossible for the Koi to bite him. After the Koi missed, it rolled on the small path and then jumped back into the pool.
Everyone relaxed. Inside the immortal mansion, one couldn't afford to be careless for even a moment.
However, just as everyone heaved a sigh of relief, they heard a series of thumping sounds. Thumping sounds rose and fell one after another.
Dozens of giant koi leapt out of the pool.
The Celestial Illumination Realm expert was also panicking. He had no idea how to deal with the current situation!
"Fly up!" Someone reminded.
Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could rely on burning their True Yuan to soar into the sky.
At this time, if this Divine Reflection Realm expert had great courage, he could completely escape from these Koi. However, some of the landowning households lacked the tempering of life and death. In front of this great danger, they couldn't stop themselves from panicking and actually forgot!
Only after someone reminded him did the Divine Reflection expert leap. His inner energy burned wildly behind him, and he shot vertically into the air.
But it was too late.
Dozens of huge Koi fishes came down from the sky, covering the Divine Reflection Realm expert and pushing him back to the jade path. The Koi fishes squeezed together, almost filling the entire path.
Everyone only heard the Divine Reflection Realm expert's miserable screams before the Koi Fish leaped onto the small path one after another, leaping into the pond.