Seeing this, everyone understood that the jade path wasn't as easy to traverse as it seemed. They hurriedly retreated.
Fortunately, the people behind them hadn't gone too far, and it only took them a moment to return. But even so, there were still two Koi Fish that leaped onto the jade path and swallowed the two Xiantian lifeforms into their mouths, becoming bait for the fishes.
Luo Zheng stood motionless on the shore. It was great that these landowning scions could scout the way for him, but now he was frowning.
It seemed that the immortal estate was far more dangerous than he'd imagined.
Logically speaking, since the immortal mansion had set up such a large barrier and cleared out all the giant creatures inside, this place should be safe. Otherwise, if any of the giant creatures outside the barrier were to break in, everyone would die without a doubt.
But who could have imagined that the koi fish in the pond were blocking everyone's path?
The landowning households stood on the shore, and their expressions became even more unsightly. At this moment, they were sizing up the small pool, and they saw the densely packed koi swimming over. As far as the eye could see, there were probably thousands of such huge koi in the small pool.
If they fell in, they'd be torn to shreds in an instant.
They gazed at the pill and weapon refineries in the distance, their eyes full of helplessness and unwillingness. No one would be willing to return empty-handed after entering a mountain of treasure.
The long-haired woman, Elder Huang, Wanderer Wuyue, and a few other Divine Illumination experts exchanged glances. Then, their bodies flickered with true essence, and they rose into the air.
These koi fish could leap out of the pond with their own strength, but the highest they could reach was hundreds of meters high.
These Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could simply fly over the jade path.
However, they also understood that even if they could avoid the koi fish's attack, who could guarantee that there weren't any other traps in the immortal estate?
But in order to live, one had to take risks and fight! The greater the risk, the greater the reward!
If they retreated now, all their previous efforts would be for naught. The Divine Reflection experts understood this and flew toward the pavilion in the center.
The Divine Illumination Realm warriors could fly, but the rest of the Xiantian Realm warriors couldn't. These Xiantian Realm warriors could only stare blankly at the edge of the pool. They couldn't do anything better. After all, they were too weak to fly.
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the shore, frowned for a while before slowly retreating.
Although there were a lot of these koi fish, and they were all covered in fangs and huge in size, no matter how they changed, they were still koi fish.
If that Divine Reflection expert had relied on his high speed to charge forward, he might not have been caught by those koi! After all, those koi were just animals with low intelligence. They didn't know how to judge ahead like humans. As long as they maintained a high speed, they should be able to rush over.
Of course, there was still danger.
Speaking of danger, how could those Illuminating Spirit Realm experts in the sky not be dangerous?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng decided to give it a try.
Hence, Luo Zheng stood at the starting point of the jade path and took a deep breath. Then, he assumed a charging posture.
"What's this kid doing? Is he crazy? "
"He actually wants to go through the jade path. Even Wang Dai couldn't do it just now. Wang Dai is at the Divine Reflection Realm!"
"Hmph, he can't blame anyone for his own death. It's good that this guy is dead. We won't let him leave Immortal Mansion alive anyway."
Those Xiantian creatures who stayed on the shore were discussing animatedly. On one hand, they were taking pleasure in Luo Zheng's misfortune, and wished that Luo Zheng could fill the bellies of the Koi. On the other hand, they were jealous of Luo Zheng's courage. None of them dared to rush over like Luo Zheng.
Whoosh!
After taking a deep breath, Luo Zheng stomped on the jade path. The moment he stepped on it, the hundred or so dragon scales in his mind emitted a dark green light, and a terrifying power spread from his mind to his whole body.
The power of this kick immediately made Luo Zheng shoot forward like a taut arrow on a bowstring.
"Pop, pop … Hualala!"
As Luo Zheng charged forward, the sound of fish leaping out of the water could be heard from both sides of the jade path. One after another, huge koi opened their mouths, revealing their sharp teeth, and pounced on Luo Zheng.
Pa, pa, pa …
But without exception, those koi all fell behind Luo Zheng, flapping their tails on the jade path. They didn't even touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
Every time Luo Zheng's strength weakened slightly, he would immediately mobilize the power of the dragon scales and rush forward again.
Seeing Luo Zheng's speed, the numerous Xiantian lifeforms on the shore were all dumbfounded …
In fact, there were several late stage Xiantian powerhouses whose speed wasn't necessarily inferior to Luo Zheng's. If Luo Zheng could do it, then they could do it as well. But to be able to do what Luo Zheng had done, not only did one need strength, but also courage!
To dance in front of the god of death, would they dare?
In the first half of the jade path, Luo Zheng passed through smoothly.
But in the second half of the race, some of the Koi fish in the distance noticed Luo Zheng. They jumped onto the jade path ahead of time and blocked Luo Zheng's path.
"Hehe, let's see how that kid deals with this!"
"I think he won't be able to pass through. He'll most likely be eaten!"
Those aristocratic descendants gloated at Luo Zheng's misfortune.
How could Luo Zheng not notice those 'obstacles' in front of him while he was madly running?
The moment he got close to those koi, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped up high.
Those koi flicked their tails and also jumped up from the jade path, biting at Luo Zheng.
"Phoenix Soaring Crystal!"
At this critical moment, the energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in Luo Zheng's right arm suddenly dispersed. Under the effect of the energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, Luo Zheng's body suddenly became ten times lighter, and his speed also increased by several times.
With this change in speed and speed, Luo Zheng got rid of the koi's mouths and passed through these obstacles.
Throughout the entire second half of the jade path, Luo Zheng was also cautious with every step. He constantly shuttled back and forth between the mouths of the Koi, but in the end, he was still scared but not in danger. He safely rushed into the pavilion.
The Divine Illumination experts who had already flown into the pavilion ahead of time were astonished to see Luo Zheng rush up the jade path. Among them, Old Huang looked at Luo Zheng with hidden killing intent.
This masked kid is really like a sticky candy. Once you get stuck, you can't get rid of him!
Feeling Old Huang's killing intent, Luo Zheng shrugged and laughed, "My black wolf is still outside. It's very easy to lure those two giant puppets in!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the long-haired woman shouted, "Old Huang, forget it."
Since everyone was already here, it was better not to complicate matters.
Luo Zheng walked around the huge pavilion. Only then did he understand why everyone had stopped.
It turned out that there was another world inside this pavilion.
From the outside, this pavilion looked no different from an ordinary pavilion except that it was very large and several thousand feet tall.
However, when Luo Zheng entered the pavilion, he discovered that there was another world inside.
After entering the pavilion, a pink barrier appeared at the eight openings of the pavilion, covering all of them.
Everyone had thought that as long as they entered the pavilion, they would be able to enter the treasure trove. They hadn't expected that the pavilion would be a cage that locked everyone inside.
In the center of the pavilion, there was a huge eight trigrams. Around the eight trigrams were the words "Qian", "Kun", "Xun", "Zhen", "Kan", "Li", "Gen", and "Dui"!
Seeing those words, Luo Zheng suddenly recalled the information recorded in the interlayer of Che Daozi's' Refining Ancestral Arts'!
Since that page recorded the Jade Dragon Valley, the eight trigrams should be related to the eight trigrams in front of them.
Looking around the perimeter of the pavilion, there were many human-sized sculptures scattered around. These sculptures should have been moved into the Eight Trigrams, but now they were scattered around. Their intention was obvious. If they wanted to leave the pavilion, they had to break through the Eight Trigrams in the pavilion.
However, how difficult was it to break the eight trigrams?
They couldn't place one more sculpture on the eight trigrams, nor could they place one less sculpture. At this moment, everyone was hesitating …
What if they placed the wrong sculpture? Would it be a fatal threat?
However, everyone was blocked by the pink barrier. They could only enter, but not leave. There was no way out. If they didn't break the eight trigrams, they would all die.
"What should we do? Who's in charge of breaking the eight trigrams? "said the long-haired woman.
Senior Huang shook his head, "I'm not proficient in formations. I know nothing about this. I can't …"
The others also shook their heads. There were some masters proficient in formations among the seven noble families, but they weren't here.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "How about I do it?"
Senior Huang stared at Luo Zheng and sneered, "You? You should worry about your life! "
Being rejected by them was within Luo Zheng's expectations. They naturally couldn't leave their fate in the hands of a nameless masked person.
At this moment, everyone's mood was very heavy. This difficult choice was a test for everyone.
After a long silence, the long-haired woman suddenly said, "Then let me do it. I've studied formations before. Although I'm not a master, I can be considered proficient."
After the long-haired woman finished speaking, no one said anything. Although they didn't have much confidence in the long-haired woman, they didn't have a better choice at this moment.
Seeing that no one objected, the long-haired woman stretched out her hand and began to deduce the eight trigrams formation. After a while, she suddenly raised her head. A stream of qi appeared in her hand and covered a sculpture. Then, with a shout, the hat-like qi wrapped around the sculpture and slowly moved it.
＝＝＝＝＝