"Rumble …"
The first statue was slowly dragged to the 'Qian' character.
Luo Zheng remembered that Che Daozi's records had recorded 'Qian Three'. This meant that three statues had to be dragged to the 'Qian' character.
After the long-haired woman dragged the first statue, she lowered her head and continued to calculate. After she calculated the result, she sent the second statue to the 'Qian' character.
Before long, she finished her calculations and placed the third statue on the 'Qian' character.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Even though this long-haired woman said that she was only proficient, it seemed like she was still being modest. Her first calculation was exactly the same as Che Daozi's. It was Qian 3. Hopefully, she would be able to calculate the rest correctly.
When the three statues pressed down on the "Qian" character, the huge "Qian" character emitted a golden light. Clearly, this result was correct.
Everyone's confidence was boosted when they saw the long-haired woman's calculations were correct.
"Sister Yun's attainments in formations are extraordinary!"
"How is she only proficient? She's clearly a formation grandmaster! "
Everyone began to flatter her.
Sister Yun shook her head and pushed her long hair to the back of her head. She then said, "Don't be happy too early. Deducing the first word of the array is the easiest. The further you go, the more complicated the situation becomes. The probability of making a mistake also increases!"
She lowered her head and continued her calculations.
Then she placed six statues on the 'Kun' character. Her results matched Che Daozi's.
Luo Zheng's confidence was boosted when he saw that she was correct.
Next, Sister Yun placed two statues on top of the word 'Kan', and then placed nine statues on top of the word 'Li'.
The four consecutive words were all correct. Those four words emitted a golden light that was extremely dazzling. However, everyone stared at those words with a happy expression on their faces.
"Looks like this exploration is bound to be more daunting than dangerous. We'll be able to get our hands on the immortal's supreme treasure soon!" a Radiant Spirit said excitedly.
Next was the fifth character of the eight trigrams, the 'Dui' character.
Luo Zheng remembered that Che Daozi's result was' Dui Four '. This meant that four statues should be placed on the' Dui 'character.
Sister Yun continued to release her true essence and dragged four statues to the 'Dui' character. However, after dragging four statues, she tried to drag the fifth statue!
"Stop!" Seeing that Sister Yun was about to drag the fifth statue to the "Dui" character, Luo Zheng decisively stopped her.
This was a serious matter and couldn't be careless. Luo Zheng didn't want to trigger the immortal mansion's mechanism and send him to hell because of her mistake.
"Brat, what's the matter?" Elder Huang glared and asked fiercely.
"Only four statues can be placed on the 'Dui' character, right? Are you wrong? "Luo Zheng asked Sister Yun.
Sister Yun frowned. There was some hesitation on her face. "I did calculate it just now, but I don't have much confidence in the result. I'm not sure if it's the fourth or the fifth one …"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with certainty, "Then there are only four!"
"Is that so? But the result I calculated seems to be five. "Sister Yun's face was full of uncertainty.
"Then it's five. Sister Yun, don't listen to this brat's nonsense and disturb your train of thought," a Divine Realm expert said. "Brat, we're already being generous by not killing you. If you continue to speak nonsense and disturb Sister Yun's train of thought, I'll kill you immediately!"
Elder Huang nodded. "Don't be fooled by this brat. He wants us to make a mistake and be buried with him. How vicious!"
These two people were so unreasonable that Luo Zheng was a little anxious. "I'm now in the same boat as you. Why should I lie to you?"
"Stop talking!" Elder Huang's true essence flickered. "Brat, one more word and I'll kill you immediately."
On the other side, Wanderer Wuyue and the other Illuminating Spirit Realm powerhouses circulated their True Essence, emitting layers of light and boundless power.
Under the pressure of this power, Luo Zheng could only choose to shut up.
Sister Yun hesitated for a moment, then shook her lips. In the end, she decided to believe in herself.
"Rumble …"
The moment the fifth statue moved to the "Dui" character, everyone heard a "pa da" sound. The "Dui" character didn't turn gold, but bright red!
When everyone saw this scene, their expressions changed greatly. At this moment, they understood that Luo Zheng was actually correct!
But it was too late. There was no medicine for regret in this world.
The Eight Trigrams suddenly rotated. When the rotation of the Eight Trigrams slowly stopped, a black and white smoke escaped from the center of the Eight Trigrams. The black and white smoke formed four large words.
"Desperate Battle!"
"What do these four words mean?"
"Dangerous, I can tell it's dangerous just by looking at it!"
The Divine Illumination Realm experts all paled. Given the strength of the immortal abode, it was likely that they would die this time.
When the words disappeared, a strand of quintessential essence shot out from the eight trigrams. The moment the quintessential essence appeared, it shot towards Sister Yun and enveloped her. Then it bounced off Sister Yun's body and shot towards a Divine Reflection Realm expert beside her. After the quintessential essence wrapped around the Divine Reflection Realm expert, it also wrapped around Elder Huang.
When the true essence shot toward Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped. He wanted to avoid it, but the true essence spread too fast and too strange. As soon as Luo Zheng jumped, the true essence seemed to have its own intelligence. It quickly changed directions and wrapped around Luo Zheng.
At this point, everyone in the pavilion was connected by the true essence.
"This true essence is binding me. What is it trying to do?" Luo Zheng lowered his head and looked at the true essence coiled around his waist. For a moment, he didn't understand what was going on.
However, as soon as a thought rose in Luo Zheng's mind, he understood the true essence's intentions.
The so-called Life Ending Battle was a battle between all the people who were connected by True Essence. In the end, only one person could survive.
Everyone's expression changed from bewilderment to shock.
Everyone looked at each other, feeling extremely conflicted in their hearts.
This was tantamount to having them kill each other!
Although the conflicts between the seven noble families were not small, and most of the time, these noble families were in a state of competition with each other. But now, they were comrades-in-arms who were exploring the immortal mansion together. It was very difficult for them to kill each other in a sober state.
Killing each other was difficult, but it was easy to unite against an external enemy.
At the very least, there was an "outsider" in front of them who was worthy of being united against. That was Luo Zheng.
"What desperate battle? Let's kill this masked brat first!" Huang Lao was restless from the beginning. He wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng first. Now, he had a high-sounding reason. As soon as Huang Lao finished speaking, all the bones in his body cracked. Then, the true essence in his body burned crazily, and he pounced on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't stand in place and wait for death. He also quickly retreated.
Just as Huang Lao pounced on Luo Zheng, a sword intent directly pressed towards Huang Lao. That sword intent was extremely sharp. With a "puchi" sound, the sword intent directly pierced through Huang Lao's chest!
Huang Lao looked back with an incredulous expression. It was Wuyue Sanren, holding an exquisite jade sword. He said indifferently, "I'm sorry, only one person can survive this desperate battle. That person must be me!"
Wuyue Sanren saw the problem more clearly than Huang Lao. In this desperate battle, only one person could survive. The other Divine Reflection Realm experts were his real opponents. In his view, Luo Zheng was just a little half-step Xiantian. He was destined to be killed. There was no need to care about him.
It was this idea that saved Luo Zheng's life.
Just now, the Divine Reflection Realm experts wanted to attack Luo Zheng, but now they were fighting each other.
Sister Yun, who helped them break the Eight Trigrams Formation, was being chased by two Divine Reflection Realm experts!
Although this huge pavilion was very spacious, except for Luo Zheng, the others were all Divine Reflection Realm experts. Under the burning of True Essence, their speed was extremely fast. In this small space, it was impossible to dodge.
For a moment, the huge pavilion was filled with True Essence of various colors. The Divine Reflection Realm experts of the Huang, Yu, and Yun families all used their strongest killing moves. Various colors of True Essence of different colors intertwined in the air, shining brightly and emitting waves of power.
Those who were able to enter the Divine Reflection Realm were all extremely smart people. If they didn't do their best, it was very likely that they would be the ones to die.
In a situation where everyone was in danger, Luo Zheng was the safest at this moment.
Many people would occasionally stop to look at Luo Zheng when they were chasing or escaping. However, after realizing that this kid was only a half-step Xiantian, they would pass by him. They didn't want to attack him at all.
As long as they dealt with the others, it would be easy to turn around and kill this kid. If they attacked Luo Zheng now, they would have to risk being ambushed by other Divine Reflection Realm experts. Therefore, no one attacked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the True Essence in front of him and smiled bitterly. It seemed that no matter the result of this battle, he would have to face at least one Divine Reflection Realm expert.
Last time, Luo Zheng used Xu Xiu's Five-Clawed Golden Dragon to almost kill Xu Xiu.
In terms of true strength, he was probably not a match for a Divine Reflection Realm expert.
Looking at the chaotic battle in front of him, Luo Zheng had time to think. "What should I do?"
At this moment, a Divine Reflection Realm expert suddenly summoned a giant eagle. After the eagle appeared, it let out a sharp cry and charged at Wanderer Wuyue.
Wanderer Wuyue's body flashed with azure light and the jade sword in his hand shone brightly. At the same time, he dodged the eagle's attack and stabbed at the Divine Reflection Realm expert.