Seeing this, Luo Zheng's mind moved. He seized this opportunity to circulate the True Essence in his body and threw out a punch.
"Demonic Shaking the Heavens!"
After the black fist formed from the Heavenly Demon Zhen Qi hit the giant eagle, it quickly changed from a grayish brown to a completely black color.
Luo Zheng smiled and beckoned the black eagle with his finger. Under Luo Zheng's control, the black eagle landed on Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"Ah, that brat!" The Divine Realm expert who summoned the giant eagle pointed at Luo Zheng and shouted.
"Heh heh, you should take care of yourself first!" Wanderer Wuyue didn't listen at all and continued to chase after the Divine Realm expert with the Exquisite Jade Sword.
The person that was able to survive until the end would be able to obtain everything within this immortal estate. Not to mention that only one person could survive in the 'life threatening battle', based on the selfishness of human nature, they were unwilling to share the various benefits within this immortal estate with a second person!
Luo Zheng brought the giant eagle and walked to the edge of the pavilion, careful not to get involved in the battle.
If someone's true essence incarnation was too close to him, he would control the black eagle on his shoulder to devour the opponent's true essence.
Not long after, the black eagle on Luo Zheng's shoulder grew larger and larger. It went from the size of a person to three zhang tall!
It was a living colossus!
Such a huge black eagle couldn't even fit on Luo Zheng's shoulder. Luo Zheng could only control it to hover nearby and wait for his orders.
Although the Divine Realm experts whose true essence was devoured by Luo Zheng were shocked and suspicious, they couldn't afford to be distracted in the face of an expert of the same level. They could only watch as their true essence incarnations were devoured.
"Ah! Ah! "
Another scream rang out as another Divine Reflection Realm expert fell. That Divine Reflection Realm expert was directly pierced by a five-colored spear. The wielder of the spear was naturally also in the Divine Reflection Realm.
Not far away, two Divine Reflection Realm experts were chasing after Sister Yun, wielding two identical long sabers.
Not only did the two have the same weapons, their clothes were similar, and even their appearance was exactly the same. These two should be a pair of twin brothers.
Sister Yun might be intelligent, but she wasn't good at offense. At this moment, under the sharp blades of the two brothers, she was forced to retreat.
"Sister Yun, I think you shouldn't run. It's best if you take off your clothes and serve us brothers!"
"This place is only so big, where can you run to?"
The two brothers chased while spouting obscenities.
In the end, Sister Yun was forced into a corner by the two brothers. With nowhere to retreat, she shouted: "You dare to attack me! If today's matter spread, even your Forbidden Yu Family won't be able to protect you! "
The two brothers' faces were full of indifference as they said complacently, "Do you think anyone can spread this news today?"
Sister Yun's expression dimmed, and her heart was filled with regret. She suddenly thought of the masked brat who warned her not to move the fifth statue. It seemed that brat knew something! Unfortunately, there was no path of regret in this world.
When she was being chased by the two brothers, she noticed that the masked brat was using a unique method to devour other people's true essence.
Perhaps he could lend him a helping hand? Thinking of this, her pair of beautiful eyes filled with despair found Luo Zheng. Then she waved at Luo Zheng and the true essence in her body flowed out.
Soon, a huge blue ball of light appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng had seen this ball of light before. In order to ensure that the Thunder Leopard wouldn't be affected by the giant puppet, the long-haired woman called Sister Yun had covered the Thunder Leopard.
At this moment, she had gathered such a large amount of true essence. What was her intention? Was she giving it to him to devour?
Luo Zheng's gaze met with Elder Sister Yun's. Elder Sister Yun nodded her head and a look of determination flashed in her eyes. She ignited the remaining True Yuan in her body, causing her entire body to explode.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk. She would rather die than let us brothers have a look." One of them shook his head with a regretful expression. At this moment, he suddenly heard the sound of wind behind him.
"Puchi!"
A broadsword pierced through his chest. The man looked at the broadsword and realized that it was his brother's broadsword. He turned his head and looked at his brother in disbelief. He never thought that the one who killed him would be his own brother. "Second brother, why did you … kill me?"
His brother shook his head and said: "I'm sorry, big brother. Today, there are so many people, but only one can live. I don't want the last opponent to be you! I'll take care of father and mother. "
In the distance, Luo Zheng saw this scene and couldn't help but sigh.
If the long-haired woman had listened to him before, these Divine Reflection experts would not have fallen to the point of killing each other. Now that everyone was trapped in this "desperate battle" formation, there was no other way out except to kill each other.
Even between brothers, the most basic trust had been lost.
Taking advantage of the fact that the blue ball of light that Sister Yun had condensed at the last moment of her life had not disappeared, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and the black eagle rushed into the blue ball of light.
When the black eagle completely transformed the blue ball of light into Heavenly Devil Zhen Qi, the black eagle's size expanded several times!
Luo Zheng was still in no hurry to act. He stood in place, waiting for an opportunity.
When the desperate battle mechanism was activated, everyone was connected by a thin strand of true essence. At the beginning, everyone had only one strand of true essence, so it was very disorderly.
But as this chaotic battle progressed, more and more Divine Reflection experts fell, and with each death, a strand of True Essence that connected everyone was severed.
In the end, there were only three strands connected to each other.
One of them was Luo Zheng, and one of the two Divine Reflection experts was Wanderer Wuyue, and the other was an old man with a dragon-headed walking stick.
At this moment, Wanderer Wuyue and the old man were fighting fiercely.
To be able to survive until the end, there was no doubt that these two people were not to be underestimated, whether in terms of wisdom or strength.
These two people understood that only one of them could survive, and that person would certainly become the master of this immortal mansion's treasury!
As for the masked boy who had been watching from the side, he was only a half-step Xiantian, so there was no need to fear him.
Just one step, and he would succeed. These two Divine Reflection experts were fighting fiercely. Their raging true essence burned crazily, and their pressure filled every corner of the pavilion. Even Luo Zheng, who was watching from afar, was affected, and had no choice but to stand behind the black eagle.
"Bang! Bang! Bang! "
After several violent explosions, Luo Zheng came out from behind the black eagle. Not far away, the raging true essence gradually dissipated. Finally, the one who stood up was Wanderer Wuyue, who was holding the exquisite jade sword.
At this moment, Wanderer Wuyue was in a very difficult situation. His clothes were torn, and his hair was burned in many places. He walked with a limp, and at the same time, cursed: "This old thing, before dying, he still wants to throw me into the water, dream on!"
After Wanderer Wuyue finished speaking, he suddenly looked at his chest, which was still bound by the true essence. In the fierce battle just now, he had completely forgotten that he still had one opponent left in the pavilion!
When Wanderer Wuyue saw Luo Zheng, he remembered that he still had to deal with this boy. At the same time, his face relaxed. It was just a half-step Xiantian little reptile. Even if he was seriously injured at the moment, it was still quite easy for him to pinch a little reptile to death.
Wanderer Wuyue slowly approached Luo Zheng and said loudly: "Boy, now you have two options. The first option is for you to commit suicide immediately, don't waste my time. The second option is for me to kill you. As punishment, I will make your death very painful!"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes, "What if I choose the third option?"
Wanderer Wuyue shook his head and said: "I don't have a third option!"
"Hahaha," Luo Zheng suddenly laughed wildly and said: "My path, why should it be determined by you? Who do you think you are! The third option is for me to kill you! "
After speaking, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and the energy of the phoenix crystal in his right hand instantly poured into the black eagle next to him. When the black eagle absorbed the energy of the phoenix crystal, its speed suddenly increased by ten times. Under the control of Luo Zheng, the black eagle, which had swallowed a lot of true essence, rushed towards Wanderer Wuyue like a roc!
In fact, Wanderer Wuyue had already noticed the black eagle next to Luo Zheng. This black eagle was so huge that even Wanderer Wuyue himself felt scared by the power it contained. However, after thinking about it, he realized that the one controlling this black eagle was only a half-step Xiantian boy.
With the control ability of a half-step Xiantian, this black eagle was no threat to him.
The true qi of a half-step Xiantian warrior had not yet transformed into true essence, so he was not very skilled in controlling his true essence. Therefore, even though this black eagle was powerful, it was far from being able to catch up with Wanderer Wuyue's ghost-like speed.
However, when the black eagle formed by the Heavenly Devil Zhen Qi combined with the phoenix crystal's energy, a qualitative change suddenly occurred. After the black eagle's speed suddenly increased by ten times, even Wanderer Wuyue, who was good at speed and agility, was shocked.
"Whoosh whoosh!"
The black eagle turned into a strong wind and rushed towards Wanderer Wuyue.
Although Wanderer Wuyue had risked his life to fight the old man and his body had suffered a lot of injuries, he was still a Divine Reflection Realm expert. His speed and reaction were far from what ordinary people could compare with. Even if he was limping, he still managed to avoid the black eagle's attack.
"This black eagle of yours is really strange. It has accumulated to such an extent that even this old man is ashamed of his inferiority! Although its speed is fast, in the end, there is still a big difference. You want to rely on this black eagle to deal with me? Dream on! " When he said the last two words, Wanderer Wuyue's eyes flashed. His whole body floated into the air at an extremely high speed. Holding the exquisite jade sword in his hand, he directly stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
Under the full power of these Divine Reflection Realm experts, their speed had reached a terrifying level. Wanderer Wuyue was still some distance away from Luo Zheng, but in the blink of an eye, the exquisite jade sword stabbed towards Luo Zheng, less than a meter away!
"So fast!" Startled, Luo Zheng immediately urged the phoenix crystal in his arm. His whole body's speed increased by ten times. Coupled with the sudden burst of power from his legs, he rushed to the side more than ten zhang away, barely avoiding Wanderer Wuyue's stab.
Luo Zheng was a half-step Xiantian, so he could not burn his true essence and naturally could not fly. However, Wanderer Wuyue could. Since his stab did not hit, he immediately turned and chased after Luo Zheng.