Although Luo Zheng could use the energy provided by the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to increase his speed and barely avoid Wanderer Wuyue's pursuit, Luo Zheng knew that he couldn't escape.
However, Luo Zheng knew very well that being chased by Wanderer Wuyue like this was absolutely not a solution. If this continued, there would come a time when he would be killed by Wanderer Wuyue.
"No, I have to find a way to counterattack!" Luo Zheng thought as he dodged. Previously, he had wanted to use the devouring characteristic of the Heavenly Demon True Qi to accumulate a huge killing move to deal with the enemy.
But now it seemed that he had underestimated Divine Realm powerhouses. They were much stronger than Xiantian life forms.
If that huge black eagle could hit Wanderer Wuyue, he would still have a glimmer of hope. But Wanderer Wuyue's movements were so fast that the black eagle couldn't do anything to him. What could he do?
"Pu!"
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, a ball of true essence suddenly burned behind Wanderer Wuyue. His figure suddenly increased by three times, and he rushed towards Luo Zheng. At the same time, he brandished his jade sword, leaving a deep wound on Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"Eh?" After Wanderer Wuyue cut Luo Zheng's sword, his face revealed an expression of surprise.
Although Wanderer Wuyue's jade sword was edgeless, it could still be considered a middle grade spirit weapon. Just now, when he swung his sword, he originally wanted to chop down on that brat's shoulder and cut half of his body. However, when he chopped down on that small shoulder blade, his jade sword seemed to have suffered a great obstruction.
"Boy, are your bones this hard? Impossible, you must have some protective treasure. "Wanderer Wuyue floated in the air and said to Luo Zheng indifferently," But it doesn't matter, I'll just cut you open with my sword! "
Luo Zheng's chest had an additional spirit pattern. His body had already entered the mid-grade spirit weapon level, and its strength had greatly increased.
But no matter how hard his body was, it couldn't block Wanderer Wuyue's jade sword. If he couldn't hit Wanderer Wuyue, he was afraid that he would really die here today.
"I can't run anymore!" Luo Zheng secretly warned himself that when facing someone who was more ruthless than him, he had to be even more ruthless than him. He had no chance of winning if he blindly ran away.
"Give up. If you've stepped into the Xiantian realm and can use Zhen Yuan, then with my injuries today, I really might lose to you. Although your performance far surpasses your peers, and even those Xiantian lifeforms, you have no chance of winning against me!"
After Martial Artist Wuyue finished speaking, a cyan True Essence suddenly began to burn fiercely behind him. His entire body suddenly turned into a cyan line, once again slashing towards Luo Zheng.
"I won't retreat!" Luo Zheng stood in place, as steady as Mount Tai. His eyes were filled with determination.
Since he had chosen to fight with his life on the line, he had to use all of his trump cards!
More than a hundred dragon scales lit up in an instant. At the same time, the throwing knife in Luo Zheng's hand pierced towards Wuyue Sanren.
After throwing out the flying dagger, Luo Zheng controlled the Black Eagle to rush towards him.
"Whoosh!"
Wuyue Sanren dodged Luo Zheng's throwing knife at a strange angle, still holding the exquisite jade sword. This time, he aimed at Luo Zheng's neck. As long as his jade sword cut Luo Zheng's neck, Luo Zheng's head would be cut off. He didn't believe that this kid's bones were so hard that he couldn't cut through them!
"Puff! Kacha! "
Facing Wuyue Sanren's exquisite jade sword, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he suddenly raised his arm and hugged Wuyue Sanren's jade sword.
Bright red blood burst out from Luo Zheng's arm. The exquisite jade sword cut through Luo Zheng's skin and flesh, and was actually stuck in Luo Zheng's bones.
At this time, Luo Zheng had already activated the power of more than a hundred dragon scales. At this moment, he was like a giant with infinite strength, forcibly holding Wuyue Sanren's jade sword in his arm.
"Huh?" Wuyue Sanren tried to pull the exquisite jade sword out, but he couldn't pull it out. He didn't expect that this kid's body was not only incomparably hard, but also ridiculously strong. It was simply not the strength of a half-step Xiantian ant!
Wuyue Sanren secretly gathered his strength, and once again used all his strength to pull the exquisite jade sword out. Even with the strength of a Divine Realm powerhouse, he still forcibly pulled it out a few inches. The sword edge cut Luo Zheng's arm and ribs, splashing out more blood.
However, Luo Zheng still didn't let go. His eyes were as bright as the stars, and they were filled with a resolute look.
If I don't live, then I will die. I, Luo Zheng, have everything I have now, and this time will be no exception.
Wuyue Sanren tried to pull the exquisite jade sword out of Luo Zheng's body twice, but he still couldn't pull it out. At this moment, his complexion greatly changed. At the same time, the huge black eagle in the sky also came down from above.
Wuyue Sanren had also been through many battles to reach his current position. Although he was facing a half-step Xiantian kid, he didn't have the slightest contempt. Every move he made was done with all his strength, and he was ruthless in killing.
At this moment, he found that he couldn't pull out the exquisite jade sword, so he decisively gave up the exquisite jade sword. He loosened his grip on the sword hilt and retreated.
However, Luo Zheng's face carried a trace of a smile: "Now you want to leave? It's too late! "
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, a yellow soul spike instantly popped out from his mind, and ruthlessly pierced towards Wuyue Sanren's head.
This Wuyue Sanren was worthy of being a Divine Realm powerhouse. Not only did he pay attention to the cultivation of his body, but he also practiced the "Soul Refining Secret Technique"!
Although Luo Zheng's "Frightening Soul Spike" appeared very abruptly and caught people off guard, it didn't affect Wuyue Sanren much. Wuyue Sanren also didn't roll on the ground after being stabbed by Luo Zheng's "Frightening Soul Spike" like other martial artists.
The Frightening Soul Spike only caused Wuyue Sanren to be momentarily absent-minded.
However, this insignificant absent-mindedness was enough to affect the entire battle situation.
In the instant that Wuyue Sanren was absent-minded, the huge black eagle in the sky had already rushed down.
After the influence of the Frightening Soul Spike disappeared, Wuyue Sanren's mind slowly recovered, and he retreated to dodge.
However, it was already too late. The huge black eagle was only one zhang away from Wuyue Sanren. This distance, with the power of the phoenix crystal, could be reached in an instant!
As a result, Wuyue Sanren, who couldn't dodge, suddenly roared.
"Jadeite Barrier!"
Wuyue Sanren wasn't proficient in barriers, but he had a technique that could condense a barrier to save his life!
Ever since he entered the Divine Reflection Realm, Wuyue Sanren couldn't remember how long it had been since he used this technique. He didn't expect that he would have to use this life-saving technique against a half-step Xiantian brat!
An oval-shaped green barrier that looked like an egg enveloped him.
"Rumble!"
When Wuyue Sanren's barrier unfolded, the black eagle swooped down, and endless Heavenly Devil True Qi attacked the jadeite barrier.
However, this jadeite barrier was actually so stable. This life-saving technique was indeed extraordinary.
Seeing that his jadeite barrier could block the surging purple-black True Qi outside, Wuyue Sanren's face revealed a trace of a proud smile. Although his carelessness had almost caused him to fail miserably, in the end, it was more daunting than dangerous.
As long as he could endure this brat's attack, the next round would be his to take this brat's life. Through the translucent jadeite barrier, Wuyue Sanren's eyes were full of killing intent. In a moment, he must properly torture this brat. He absolutely couldn't let him die so easily.
"The strength of this jadeite barrier is about the same as Yun Luo's transparent barrier. In that case …" Luo Zheng pulled out the Exquisite Jade Sword stuck between his ribs and casually threw it behind him, directly inserting it into the pavilion's huge pillar.
At the same time, he endured the several wounds on his body and stimulated the energy of the "Blood Jade Crystal" in his left hand, then punched the jadeite barrier.
"Hehe, it's useless. Even a Divine Reflection Realm expert would have trouble destroying this jadeite barrier, let alone a half-step Xiantian brat like you!" Wuyue Sanren sneered inside the jadeite barrier, but soon, his sneer froze on his face.
Luo Zheng's punch left a red spider web like crack in the jadeite barrier. Then, Luo Zheng waved his other fist and suddenly smashed the red crack.
"Boom, Pata …"
The crack in the jadeite barrier was slowly and unceasingly expanding.
At the same time, the red energy also wandered in the crack. Wuyue Sanren wanted to stimulate his True Essence to repair the crack, but he found that because of the existence of the red energy, he simply couldn't repair it!
"No, no, how can this be!" Realizing the seriousness of the problem, Wuyue Sanren screamed miserably. Looking at the surging purple True Qi above his head, he knew very well what kind of fate he would face once the jadeite barrier was broken.
"I don't want to die, I beg you! Let me go, I, Wuyue Sanren, am a man of my word. I will never attack you again! "Wuyue Sanren repeatedly pleaded.
Standing outside the jadeite barrier, Luo Zheng said coldly, "That's not what you said just now?"
"That's because I have eyes but failed to recognize Mount Tai. You're a great person and you don't mind my offense …" Wuyue Sanren continued to plead bitterly, "I really don't want to die, I can't die!"
Luo Zheng said, "Unfortunately, you forgot this," Luo Zheng said as he pointed to the True Essence binding him and Wuyue Sanren. In a desperate battle, only one person could survive!
As more and more lines appeared on the jadeite barrier, the entire jadeite barrier was enveloped by a blood-colored barrier, and the barrier became more and more unstable.
"Kuang!"
Finally, the barrier could not withstand the tremendous pressure and shattered with a loud bang.
The moment the barrier shattered, Wuyue Sanren still wanted to rush out against the black eagle formed by the Heavenly Demon True Qi above his head!
But halfway through, a muffled sound came. Wuyue Sanren's eyes were wide open with anger, and his face was full of disbelief.
A bloody hole appeared on top of Wuyue Sanren's head, and blood gurgled out.
In order to prepare for Wuyue Sanren's forceful charge, Luo Zheng hid the broken flying dagger in advance. Under Wuyue Sanren's charge, it was equivalent to smashing his head against the broken flying dagger.
Under such a collision, it was equivalent to Wuyue Sanren ending his own life!
After the death of Wanderer Wuyue, the "Desperate Battle" was removed. The strand of True Essence connected to Luo Zheng also gradually dissipated. Only then did Luo Zheng sit down on the ground.
＝＝＝＝＝