It was too difficult for Luo Zheng to rely on his own strength to kill a Divine Reflection expert. If Wanderer Wuyue hadn't been seriously injured, Luo Zheng wouldn't have had a chance.
Even so, Luo Zheng had only won by a small margin.
A rumbling sound came from the eight trigrams. It turned out that the statues were slowly leaving the words and returning to their original positions.
Luo Zheng sat on the ground and rested for a moment before getting up.
Luo Zheng sighed as he looked at the corpses of the Celestial Realm experts. If they had believed him, the situation would not have escalated to such an unsalvageable state.
Luo Zheng picked up the weapons in the hands of these Celestial experts. These weapons were not cheap. There were many low-grade spirit weapons, a few mid-grade spirit weapons, and even one high-grade spirit weapon!
Since these people were already dead, these spirit tools naturally belonged to Luo Zheng.
After collecting their weapons, Luo Zheng walked towards the statues.
Following the method recorded by Che Daozi, Luo Zheng began to move the statues.
"The first is Qian Three." Luo Zheng pushed three statues to the "Qian" character.
"The second is Kun Six." Luo Zheng pushed six statues to the "Kun" character.
"The third is …"
"The fourth …"
"And the last …"
It wasn't until Luo Zheng pushed all the statues to the corresponding characters that the Eight Trigrams inlaid on the ground began to slowly rotate.
The outer circle of the eight trigrams rotated for a while before the sound of a mechanism could be heard.
"Clack!"
When the outer circle stopped, the inner circle began to rotate.
"Clack!"
When the sound of a mechanism clicking came from the inner circle, the entire Eight Trigrams began to emit a white light.
"Success!" Luo Zheng was delighted.
He was secretly looking forward to what would happen after breaking the eight trigrams.
The white light gradually disappeared, but when it did, a "person" appeared in the eight trigrams.
Upon closer inspection, this "person" was actually just a puppet. However, this puppet was the only normal thing in this immortal abode that Luo Zheng believed to be. This was because this puppet was only as tall as a person, about the same size as Luo Zheng.
When the puppet appeared, it murmured: "Three thousand years … three thousand years … someone has finally appeared!"
Although the puppet didn't display any offensive abilities, Luo Zheng still raised his guard and distanced himself from the humanoid puppet. This humanoid puppet could actually speak, and from its excited appearance, it seemed to be able to express its own emotions!
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng asked cautiously.
"Me? You can just call me Ah Fu. I'm a servant of this immortal residence … "The humanoid puppet introduced itself.
"Afo? Are you a puppet or a person? " It wasn't that Luo Zheng hadn't seen puppets before. Even the best craftsmen in the Eastern Domain could only make puppets that could walk. However, a puppet that could speak and have emotions like a human was unheard of. Therefore, Luo Zheng suspected that Afo was a human in disguise.
"Of course I'm a puppet … If only I were a human, I would be able to grow old in peace and die in peace. Being immortal and indestructible like this is the greatest torture!" Ah Fu seemed to be in low spirits.
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng was a bit confused. "The ultimate pursuit of martial arts is immortality. Why do you want to die in this mansion?"
Fu chuckled. "If you were imprisoned in a place with no one to accompany you all day long, you'd be alone for thousands of years. Would you want to die?"
Luo Zheng was silent for a while. Afo's words made sense. It would be better to die than be lonely for such a long time. "But you're just a puppet. How can you feel lonely?"
Afo shook his head. "Although my body is a puppet, it was actually refined by the owner of this mansion by extracting a person's soul. Therefore, I can be considered a person from the bottom of my heart."
Extracting a person's soul and refining it into a puppet!
Luo Zheng had never heard of such a miraculous secret technique. It was truly miraculous.
Seeing Luo Zheng's shocked expression, Afo continued, "But fortunately, I've been waiting for this for three thousand years. Finally, the fourth person has come."
"The fourth person?" Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Has someone else broken into this mansion before?"
Afo nodded. "Of course there have been people who have broken into Immortal Mansion! But they all failed and died. I hope … you can succeed. I really don't want to wait any longer. "
"All failed? Died? What do you mean? "Luo Zheng frowned.
"If you want to become the owner of Immortal Mansion, you have to pass the test. Naturally, there are dangers in the test. If you fail, you will naturally die …" Afo said slowly.
"If I fail, I will die. Can I choose not to take the test?" Luo Zheng stared at Afo.
Afo chuckled. "According to the rules, you can. Powerful immortals won't force others to become the owner of their mansion. Only those who are truly fated are qualified. But … I don't want to wait any longer. I want to seize every opportunity. So even if you don't take the test, you must take it. Otherwise, I won't let you leave."
This …
Luo Zheng was a bit depressed. According to Afo, he was going to force him to take the test. He had no choice but to take the test.
Fu saw through Luo Zheng's thoughts and quickly said, "Don't worry. In order to let you pass the test, I will do my best to help you. I have waited for you for thousands of years. Although the test is very dangerous, I will do my best to help you …"
Luo Zheng sighed. "Okay then. How do I pass the test? Where do I take the test? "
Afo waved his hand. "Follow me!"
Then, Fu turned around and walked towards the back. At this moment, the pink barrier that enveloped the gazebo slowly disappeared.
Luo Zheng watched as Fu slowly walked forward. He thought to himself, 'Why don't I take advantage of this opportunity to escape? As long as I use my advantage in speed to return to that jade path, I'll be able to retreat. Those Xiantian life forms outside aren't much of a threat to me.'
But after thinking about it, Luo Zheng gave up. It wasn't easy to come in here, and he even survived the desperate battle. He couldn't return empty-handed. That would be really depressing!
After leaving the pavilion, Afo and Luo Zheng set foot on another jade path. The end of this path led to another area in the mansion.
When Afo and Luo Zheng walked on this jade path, the Koi fishes gathered again.
"Splash!"
A Koi fish jumped up and threw itself at Afo and Luo Zheng.
"Careful!" Luo Zheng warned.
Previously, Luo Zheng had witnessed the might of these Koi Carps. Even the Divine Reflection Realm expert had been torn to shreds by them.
Afo raised his head and looked at the Koi fish. He stretched out his hand. His fingers, which were like withered wood, instantly extended to a distance of seventy to eighty feet!
The five fingers sank into the Koi fish and pierced through it. The Koi fish wagged its tail in the air, but couldn't break free from Afo's hand.
Afo squeezed his hand gently. Those fingers immediately cut the giant Koi fish into several pieces. Afo casually threw the pieces into the water.
"These Koi fishes have been raised for too long. They've become disobedient. I remember a few thousand years ago, when Master was here, these Koi fishes didn't dare to be so impudent." Afo said while retracting his fingers.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked. Fortunately, he didn't choose to run away. Although Afo was a puppet, with this kind of strength, let alone him, even Divine Realm experts would be killed in a second.
The Koi fish that was cut into pieces fell into the water. Immediately, the other Koi fishes started fighting over it. For a moment, the calm pond kept rolling, setting off waves like a tsunami.
Fortunately, these Koi fishes weren't stupid. Seeing their comrade cut into pieces by Afo, they just hid under the water on both sides. But none of them dared to jump up and attack Afo and Luo Zheng.
Because Afo walked slowly, it took a long time to walk down the jade path. Finally, they passed through the door and arrived at the courtyard.
As soon as they entered, Luo Zheng saw three puppets at the edge of the courtyard. However, the craftsmanship of these puppets wasn't as good as Afo's.
Seeing Luo Zheng's gaze on the three puppets, Afo said, "You can choose first, these puppets are for you."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
"If you fail the test, I will save you and pull out your soul and seal it in this puppet. You will live with me for a long time …" Afo looked at the three puppets and said, "The souls of those who failed also live in these puppets. Unfortunately, my craftsmanship isn't as good as the master of Immortal Abode. The soul wood in these puppets can only nourish the soul for a thousand years. It can't make it truly immortal."
So in order to find a companion to accompany him, Afo made some puppets.
Those who entered Immortal Abode and didn't pass the test were refined into these puppets.
However, Afo's craftsmanship wasn't the same as a true immortal's. Although the puppets weren't damaged, the souls would slowly wither away after a thousand years.