But at this moment, Luo Zheng was most concerned about the content of the test.
"Afo, as you said, since it's a test for the Immortals, then I'm only a half-step Xiantian. How can I pass this test?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
With the means of the legendary Immortals, if they really set a difficult test, not to mention a little Luo Zheng, even those powerful people in the Eastern Region wouldn't be able to pass it.
Afo smiled and pointed at the scenery in the courtyard, "Look at this courtyard, every object is more than a hundred times bigger than you, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded. This courtyard was originally designed for the Immortals. Even the walls were hundreds of feet high. Luo Zheng walked in the courtyard, like a little ant crawling on the ground.
"Then don't you think it's strange that I appear in front of you in this form?" Afo said with a smile.
Before entering the Immortal Mansion, everything he saw and heard was very big, but only Afo's puppet body was about the same size as him. This was indeed very strange.
"Since the Immortals choose their successors, they will naturally take this into consideration. If they set the test according to their own strength, I'm afraid no one will be able to inherit this Immortal Mansion," Afo continued, "The tests they set up will only be used to challenge your limits. The stronger you are, the more difficult the test will be. If you can surpass your limits, then you will definitely pass!"
So that's it. Luo Zheng sighed. The Immortals are really resourceful. This test is tailor-made for their successors!
Thinking about it, the previous "Desperate Battle" mechanism was also designed for this purpose. Through a desperate battle, all the other people would be eliminated, and only one person would be allowed to participate.
As Afo continued to move forward, it didn't take long for them to enter a huge pavilion. In front of the pavilion, there was also a several feet high threshold. Afo jumped over the threshold with one leg.
Luo Zheng walked to the front of the door sill. With a push of his feet, he leaped high and flipped over the door sill.
When Luo Zheng jumped over, he saw a small rune on the ground, and Afo was standing next to it.
"Come here. Walk on this rune and you will start the test," Afo said.
Since entering the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng found that it was full of danger everywhere. Judging from Afo's words, this test would also be extremely dangerous.
As long as he passed the test, he could become the owner of the Immortal Mansion and inherit it. Luo Zheng would definitely benefit from this Immortal mansion.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could indeed dominate his peers. Even Xiantian experts were no match for him, but if he faced with an expert of the Divine stage …
Even though he was seriously injured, he still, it was a pyrrhic victory..
Wang Yanmiao was a personal disciple and was even stronger than Wanderer Wuyue! Would he be a match for him?
What's more, if he wanted to save his sister, Wang Yanmiao wouldn't be the only obstacle. He would even have to face the experts of the Blue Cloud Sect!
In the Blue Cloud Sect, he was still too weak …..
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated and stepped on the rune.
As soon as Luo Zheng's feet stepped on the rune, he immediately felt the world spin. The scenery around him changed drastically in an instant, and he found himself in another world.
In this world, streaks of lightning flashed in the sky. Meteors and fire showers smashed into the distance. From time to time, tremors would come from the ground.
"The first test is to test your strength," Afo's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's ears. He knew that this was only an illusion, but the environment was so real. Whether it was the wind, rain, thunder, lightning, or the forest, it was countless times more realistic than the illusion on the Blood Mountain of the Blue Cloud Sect!
The first test was a test of strength!
It was just that he didn't know how to spell it.
After Luo Zheng walked for a while, he saw a rope in front of him. Along with the rope, there were big men with bare upper bodies. These big men had bulging muscles, and they looked very strong and powerful.
Luo Zheng counted. There were hundreds of such men on the other end of the rope.
"Hmph!" When the leader of the group saw Luo Zheng coming over, he handed over the thick telescopic weapon.
After Luo Zheng took the rope, he suddenly felt his body become light. His vision suddenly blurred, and the scenery around him changed again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was standing on a mountain stream, holding the rope in his hand. On the opposite side of the mountain stream, the hundreds of men were holding the other end of the rope.
Between the mountain stream, there was a high cliff. On the cliff, several terrifying birds of prey were creeping on it, looking at Luo Zheng on the top of the mountain. It seemed that if he fell into the mountain stream, they would peck at his flesh.
In addition, at the bottom of the mountain stream, there was monstrous hellfire lava, rolling and flowing …
"It seems that if I fall, I will definitely die," Luo Zheng murmured.
"Hmph!" The man on the opposite side of the mountain stream grabbed the rope, pulled it in a circle, and tied it to their shoulders. After tying it, he signaled Luo Zheng to tie himself as well.
"The so-called test of strength is a tug-of-war. I have to use my own strength to pull the other side's hundred men." After understanding the man's intention, Luo Zheng grabbed the rope and tied it to his shoulders.
Then Luo Zheng pulled the rope hard and nodded to the other side. The test of strength began.
"Hey!"
Faced with the sudden roar of the hundreds of men, all of them began to pull the rope with all their strength.
Although Luo Zheng was well prepared, in the face of the combined strength of the hundreds of men, he suddenly lost his balance and slid towards the edge of the mountain stream.
After sliding for seven or eight times in a row, Luo Zhengcai exerted all the strength in his body. His feet propped up on the ground like a raging bull. He abruptly stopped his sliding steps and stopped his body.
"This test of strength is really not that easy to pass!" Luo Zheng used all his strength to fall back. His feet stepped on the ground, straightening the rope.
The strength of the hundreds of men on the opposite side was too great. Even if Luo Zheng used all the strength in his body, his body was still involuntarily pulled.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not use the power of the dragon scale. Instead, he relied on his own strength to fight against the men.
He clenched his teeth. Every muscle in his body was stretched taut, and every vein was bulging. Even if he used all the strength in his body, he still slowly slid towards the edge of the mountain stream.
This is the limit of my physical strength. Seeing that I am only two or three steps away from the mountain stream, if I don't use the power of the dragon scale, I'm afraid I will fall down the mountain stream!
"Rise for me!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. The dragon scale in his mind lit up one by one, emitting a green luster. Waves of strength surged and entered every muscle in Luo Zheng's body.
For a moment, Luo Zheng's strength soared!
The rope creaked under Luo Zheng's pull. Under Luo Zheng's enormous strength, the hundred men were unable to stop and rushed towards the edge of the mountain stream!
Seeing that the men at the front were about to fall into the mountain stream, at this moment, they suddenly roared at the same time.
"Huaha!"
The rope was originally moving towards Luo Zheng. After the hundred men roared, they exerted their strength at the same time, forcibly stopping the rope's momentum.
Luo Zheng and the hundred men were once again in a stalemate!
How could this be? Luo Zheng was greatly surprised. One must know that Luo Zheng's dragon scale had already been ignited more than a hundred. The strength of each dragon scale was extremely terrifying. At the very least, it was no less than the strength of one of the men opposite him.
Just now, Luo Zheng relied on his physical strength to barely resist the power of the hundred men. Now that he had borrowed the power of the dragon scale, he should be able to greatly surpass them.
However, the hundred men opposite him were able to stabilize the rope in a short period of time!
What did this mean?
It meant that the strength of the men opposite him was not fixed. After Luo Zheng's strength increased, the strength of the hundred men also increased.
The thick rope was wrapped around Luo Zheng's shoulders. The surging strength of his whole body was crazily pulling him backwards, confronting the men opposite him.
Neither side was willing to yield an inch. Often, Luo Zheng would retreat a few steps, but the rope would pull him forward a few more steps.
This tug-of-war was like a tug-of-war, advancing and retreating.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's brows were wrinkled.
This could not go on.
Those men were not real humans. They were figures created by the master of this immortal mansion using a powerful illusion technique.
These illusions were not real people. Their strength was simply limitless.
Not only would Luo Zheng's own strength be exhausted, even the power of the dragon scale would weaken if he overused it. He would need to rest for a while to recover.
If this continued, his strength would be exhausted sooner or later, and he would be dragged into this bottomless abyss by the other side!
Victory and defeat must be decided as soon as possible. Luo Zheng warned himself in his heart.
It was easier said than done. The difficulty of this test of strength was simply too great!
"Little guy, a tug-of-war with a hundred people not only requires strength, but also skill! If you pay attention to the details, you should have already figured it out! "Afo's voice sounded again.
"Details?" Luo Zheng was startled.
"Yes, I can't tell you directly. If I give you too much information, I may be obliterated. So I can only say this much. The rest is up to you to figure it out yourself," Afo said indifferently.
Details! Luo Zheng thought hard. On the surface, this test of strength seemed to be a dead end.
The combined strength of the other side's hundred people was completely equal to his strength. Then, even if his strength increased by ten times, the other side's strength would also increase by ten times. If he increased his strength by a hundred times, the other side's strength would also increase by a hundred times.
In other words, no matter who pulled the rope, they would not be able to win against the other side.
Then what were the details?
The other side had a hundred people …
When he exerted his strength, the other side exerted their strength at the same time. The only difference was that when the other side exerted their strength, they would all roar in unison.
Why did they have to roar?
This roar ….. was not to increase their strength. Immortals would not do something superfluous when setting up an illusion. It could only be said that it was done on purpose.
Thinking about that roar, Luo Zheng remembered a story he read when he was young.
It was a story about the Lancang River. There was a section of the river that was very shallow. Small boats could cross it, but large ships could not.
In order for the ship to pass smoothly, it had to be pulled by people. The boatmen had to carry ropes on their backs and pull the ship with all their might. They slowly moved the ship forward, one step at a time.
However, when dozens of people pulled the ship, their strength was uneven. If they could not use their strength together, they would not be able to move the ship that was stuck in the sand.
In order to combine the strength of dozens of people, they would shout 'chants', which were rhythmic slogans!
As long as they followed the rhythm of the 'chants', they would be able to combine their strength.