The biggest difference between them and him was that he was alone while the other side had a hundred people.
Strictly speaking, it was impossible for them to be completely in sync. Over a hundred people exerted their strength at different times.
But when they exerted their strength, they all roared at the same time. It was this roar that unified their strength.
"The so-called details are here!" Luo Zheng's fog dissipated. Since Afo reminded him, then this must be the key to passing the test!
Strength, unity …
He had to think of a way to disrupt the other side's strength!
Luo Zheng looked at the other big men and a strange smile appeared on his face. Then he slowly reduced his strength.
When Luo Zheng's strength was reduced by 30%, the thick rope slowly pulled him to the edge of the cliff.
When his body was pulled two or three steps away, Luo Zheng suddenly exerted his strength!
The strength of his whole body erupted in an instant!
The rope was immediately pulled back by Luo Zheng!
"Hey, ha!"
Facing Luo Zheng's sudden exertion of strength, the big men on the opposite side roared and exerted their strength together. The strength of the rope once again contended with Luo Zheng's.
"Sure enough!" Luo Zheng smiled. After the big men exerted their strength, Luo Zheng's strength relaxed again.
After relaxing, Luo Zheng exerted his strength again!
He was only one person. Whether he exerted his strength or not depended on Luo Zheng's thoughts.
But the power of over a hundred people on the opposite side, if they wanted to unify their strength, they had to coordinate with that roar!
After Luo Zheng repeatedly exerted his strength, relaxed his strength, exerted his strength, relaxed his strength, exerted his strength, relaxed his strength.
The chant of over a hundred people finally became chaotic!
"Hey, ha …"
"Ha …"
"Hey …"
Everyone shouted their own chant according to their own rhythm. It was impossible to unify their strength.
After they became completely chaotic, Luo Zheng once again exerted all his strength!
Even though there were over a hundred people with the same strength as Luo Zheng, some of them were using their full strength while others were not. At this moment, the combined strength of the hundred people was far inferior to Luo Zheng.
As a result, Luo Zheng's strength exploded out, and those burly men were dragged by Luo Zheng, falling towards the edge of the cliff.
Every time a person fell down, their strength would be reduced by 1%. Under Luo Zheng's outburst, more than 30 people were pulled down by Luo Zheng in one breath. The remaining 70 or so people were only 70% of Luo Zheng's strength. There was no need to fear them at all.
The further they went, the fewer people there were, and the easier it was for Luo Zheng. In the end, all 100 people fell into the cliff. Luo Zheng won this tug-of-war competition.
When Luo Zheng pulled all the ropes, he felt that the surrounding environment had changed, and he suddenly returned to the main hall.
A smile appeared on Afo's face. This immortal's puppet, except for its lifeless aura, looked exactly like a real person from every aspect.
"Not bad. Just by reminding you a little, you were able to break through the situation. My confidence in you has increased a little!" said Afo.
"Only a little?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Afo nodded, "The test of strength is much easier. If you want to get the immortal's approval, strength isn't the foundation. The most important thing is the test of the soul and spirit!"
"Soul and spirit …" Luo Zheng stared at Afo and said. Luo Zheng indeed knew very little about the soul, but this couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng, because the entire Eastern Region didn't know much about it.
Compared to the others, Luo Zheng was even at the forefront. Not only did he practice a soul-related technique, the Soul-Stirring Thorn, but he also reached the "Selfless Realm". Ever since he mastered the Soul-Stirring Thorn, Luo Zheng used this technique to deal with many powerhouses!
From this point of view, even the souls of those powerhouses were extremely weak.
Afo pointed to the side, and a rune appeared on the ground where he pointed, "The second test is the spiritual test. Now that you've passed the first test of strength, you'll have to take the second test of spirit! Let me remind you, the test of spirit is very dangerous. If you're not careful, your soul may be obliterated, and you'll become a walking idiot! "
Luo Zheng nodded without any hesitation on his face. Since he had already passed the first level, he had to try the second level! But before that, Luo Zheng wanted to confirm how many tests there were in total.
After hearing Luo Zheng's question, Afo stretched out three fingers and said, "There are a total of three tests, but … strictly speaking, there are only two tests, because you'll be qualified to inherit Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion after passing the first two tests. But the third test is very important, because your performance in the third test will determine your reward!"
"Reward? What reward? "Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Afo smiled mysteriously and said, "I can't say more about this. If you pass the second test, I'll naturally tell you."
After that, Luo Zheng no longer had any questions. He took a step forward and stepped on the second rune.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped on it, he felt the sky turn dark again, and Luo Zheng was once again transferred into an illusion.
Different from the lightning and thunder last time, this illusion was very quiet. There was heavy fog in the distance, and the sky was a little dim.
Luo Zheng was deep in a mountain. In front of him was a flight of stairs.
"The test of the soul is to climb these stairs. You only need to climb to the top of these stairs to pass the test." Afo's voice sounded.
Climbing the steps sounded like an easy task, but Luo Zheng also knew that these steps were definitely far from as simple as they looked.
Since the first test of strength was so difficult, the second test of spirit would only be more difficult.
Standing at the bottom of the stairs, Luo Zheng raised his head and looked up. There were tens of thousands of stairs stacked on top of each other. The stairs in the distance were shrouded in a gray mist and could not be seen clearly.
Luo Zheng took a step forward and stepped onto the first step. At this moment, Luo Zheng did not feel any discomfort. It was as if he was climbing the steps normally. There was no difference.
Since there was no mystery, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He walked briskly up the stairs.
With Luo Zheng's current physical strength, climbing the stairs was no different from walking on flat ground. It was effortless. Even if he suppressed his speed, he still climbed step by step.
"Two hundred steps …"
"Three hundred steps …"
"Eight hundred steps …"
"Nine hundred steps …"
"Nine hundred and ninety-nine steps …"
Standing on the 999th step, Luo Zheng looked down. The road behind him was also hidden in the fog. At this moment, Luo Zheng was only surrounded by the fog and the stairs under his feet. A deep sense of loneliness arose spontaneously.
"There's nothing wrong with the thousandth step. If I'm not wrong, the next step should be the real test!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took a step forward and stepped onto the 1,000th step.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped on it, he suddenly felt a sharp pain coming from under his feet.
"It hurts!"
Luo Zheng cried out secretly. He looked down, but found nothing under his feet.
How could it be! The sharp pain just now was real. Why was there nothing?
Moreover, with Luo Zheng's current physical strength, ordinary things couldn't pierce his skin. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also became vigilant.
Then he stepped on another step.
"Ah!"
Luo Zheng frowned and couldn't help but cry out in pain.
This time, Luo Zheng looked carefully. The moment his foot stepped on the stairs, a gray thin thorn drilled out of the stairs and pierced into Luo Zheng's foot.
The pain was brought about by the gray spikes.
"Soul Thorn!" Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly.
Although the Soul Thorn on the stairs was different from Luo Zheng's Soul Thorn, the essence was the same. These thorns completely ignored the physical defense and directly pierced the soul.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's soul had become incomparably strong after being calcined by the Black Fire. If it was someone else, they would have fainted from the pain after being pierced by the Soul Thorn on the stairs.
Even so, Luo Zheng's face became bitter.
He raised his head and looked at the stairs that extended to the sky. If he was pierced every time he took a step, how uncomfortable would that be …
"Since it's like this, I can only do this …"
Luo Zheng suddenly leaped up. With a powerful leap, he actually crossed twenty-three steps in a single step.
This could be considered a trick. Although he was inevitably pierced by the thorns after his feet landed on the stairs, it was better than being pierced every step.
As a result, Luo Zheng kept jumping forward. Every time he crossed a few dozen steps, his soul would be pierced by the Soul Thorn.
After Luo Zheng jumped more than ten times, his soul had been pierced more than ten times by the Soul Thorn. Even if Luo Zheng's soul was far stronger than that of ordinary people, at this moment, the pain made Luo Zheng hold his head and feel dizzy.
With no other choice, Luo Zheng could only sit down and rest for a while.
Looking at the remaining steps, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. After his spirit slowly recovered, he continued to climb.
Soon, Luo Zheng rushed up several hundred steps in one breath and arrived at the 2,000th step.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the 2,000th step, the surrounding environment suddenly changed.
At this moment, there were no longer Soul Thorns on the stairs, but crimson flames.
These flames were not real flames. At least, Luo Zheng did not feel real heat. But when Luo Zheng stepped on them, he suddenly felt that his soul was being roasted by the flames.
If these flames were real flames, then it would be fine. After being tempered by the Lotus True Fire, the Earth Core Fire, and the Heavenly Devil Sacred Fire, Luo Zheng's body had a certain resistance to flames. He could even absorb the flames.
But these flames were too strange. They would not cause any harm to the body, but they would burn the soul.
＝＝＝＝＝