His soul was being roasted and burned by the flame. This kind of pain was far from what an ordinary person could endure. Even Luo Zheng was rolling on the ground with his hands covering his head, as if he was in extreme pain.
At this time, not to mention climbing the stairs, even standing was very difficult for him.
Luo Zheng rolled up and down the 2,000th step, and finally rolled to the 1,999th step!
Although he still had to bear the attack of the Soul Spike after falling down, he was much better now. At the same time, he looked up at the stairs with fear on his face.
"How … how can I pass this!"
Luo Zheng knew that he was also a person with a strong will. No matter how dangerous and difficult the situation was, he would not give up easily. How many times had he been in a predicament, he had relied on his extraordinary perseverance to fight his way out?
But this time, Luo Zheng hesitated.
That unremarkable red flame was really too terrifying.
"Just like how I want to quit, it's impossible." Luo Zheng deeply understood this point. He knew that once he entered Holy Realm of Immortals' Mansion, he could only charge forward. According to Afo, after this test, he would be accepted by Holy Realm of Immortals' Mansion.
The problem was that Luo Zheng could not even stand on the 2,000th step, so how could he continue climbing?
With the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, he was actually not afraid of the flame's burning.
Because Luo Zheng's soul had been burned by the black flame, no matter how powerful the flame was, it could never compare to the power of the black flame.
The problem was that Luo Zheng could not bear the pain of the burning soul. That kind of pain was indeed unbearable for a human.
"It shouldn't be!"
Although the soul test was extremely dangerous, Immortals would not set up an unsolvable problem. There must be a way to solve it.
Standing on the 1,999th step, Luo Zheng pondered for a while, and then slowly spat out a few words. "I'm really stupid. Why did I forget about the Selfless Realm!"
At that time, Luo Zheng inadvertently comprehended the Selfless Realm in order to practice the 《Soul-Shaking Thorn》. After entering the Selfless Realm, Luo Zheng's consciousness became extremely subtle, and he completely forgot about himself, as if he was a second person to himself.
After entering the Selfless Realm, he could not feel the pain of the burning soul. Now, this was the only way to solve it!
So Luo Zheng closed his eyes and began to meditate quietly. Soon, when Luo Zheng opened his eyes, they were full of emptiness.
It was as if everything in this world had nothing to do with him. Even his own body was unfamiliar to him!
"Go!"
After entering the Selfless Realm, Luo Zheng drove his body to jump up the stairs...
This time, the situation was much better. Although the flames were still burning his soul, he still felt waves of pain.
However, for Luo Zheng, who had entered the Selfless Realm, this pain was very distant. It was as if the pain did not belong to him …
Now that he had gotten rid of the pain caused by the burning, Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity to run up. Luo Zheng ran all the way to the 3,000th step.
Every thousand steps, the difficulty of these steps would greatly increase.
Just now, on the 2,000th step, he could still rely on the Selfless Realm to rush up. Who knew what would happen on the 3,000th step?
After Luo Zheng carefully stepped on it, he found that there was no reaction.
There was no Soul-Piercing Thorn, no Soul-Burning Flame. At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have returned to the 1,000th step.
"It can't be that simple!"
The difficulty of this soul test would only get higher and higher. How could Luo Zheng pass it so easily?
However, after Luo Zheng took a few steps, there was still no abnormality.
"In that case, I'll go up directly!" Although Luo Zheng did not know what was going on, if there were no obstacles on this step, he would go up even higher. If there were any obstacles, he would naturally deal with them properly.
However, after Luo Zheng took a few dozen steps, he suddenly felt a gust of cold wind in front of him.
After that gust of cold wind floated past, it turned out to be a group of Ominous Beasts rushing towards him from the top of the steps.
Those Ominous Beasts were abnormally fierce. They bared their fangs and brandished their claws. They were like monsters that had crawled out of hell. The strength of each Ominous Beast seemed to be ten times stronger than Luo Zheng's! A hundred times!
Facing these Ominous Beasts, Luo Zheng's complexion changed slightly, but immediately returned to normal.
He had already completely strangled the fear in his heart.
Luo Zheng knew that he was definitely not a match for these Ominous Beasts. Any one of these Ominous Beasts could tear him to pieces in an instant.
These Ominous Beasts were the subject of the soul test. Their purpose was naturally to test his soul and state of mind!
Remember, don't be fooled by appearances!
"It's just an illusion. If I really believe it, I'm afraid I'll really lose!" After saying that, Luo Zheng stood in place and let those Ominous Beasts rush towards him.
However, these Ominous Beasts passed through Luo Zheng's body as if they didn't have a physical body, and then they all disappeared …
"Hehe, not bad. You've now reached the third stage, which is also the most dangerous stage. If you had a trace of fear in your heart just now, those Ominous Beasts would have grasped the fluctuation of your mood and devoured you!" Afo's voice sounded outside again, "As long as you pass this stage, you'll be considered to have passed the test! Work hard! "
After listening to Afo's words, Luo Zheng confirmed his guess. If his mood fluctuated violently, he was afraid that he would really be torn to pieces by those Ominous Beasts.
Although this stage of the test was not as painful as the previous one, it was more dangerous!
Life and death could be decided by a single thought!
It turned out that … this was not a real illusion. What was real and what was false, what was false and what was true. This immortal's method was really amazing.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng was even more vigilant.
After passing the first wave of Ominous Beasts' attack, Luo Zheng continued to climb up.
As Luo Zheng slowly walked up the stairs, a heavy smell of blood assailed his nostrils. The thick fog around him slowly turned dark red like blood at this moment.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a person wearing a snow-white robe standing not far away. His head was lowered, so he couldn't see his face clearly, but his figure was very familiar.
"Father!"
That figure was so familiar that it was deeply imprinted in Luo Zheng's mind.
It had been almost three years since his father, Luo Zheng, passed away. In these three years, Luo Zheng had been thinking about him day and night. Every time he thought about it, his heart was filled with endless grief. Until now, Luo Zheng still hadn't figured out how to explain this matter to Luo Yan, who still didn't know about it.
Now that he saw him again in this illusion, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly surged.
However, after Luo Zheng called out, that person didn't respond at all!
As Luo Zheng slowly walked forward, that person suddenly raised his head. There was no flesh on his face, it was completely a skeleton!
For a moment, Luo Zheng's soul was greatly shaken.
As soon as the skeleton appeared, it pounced on Luo Zheng. It let out a miserable cry and bit at Luo Zheng!
The skeleton was so fast that Luo Zheng couldn't react at all. With this bite, Luo Zheng immediately felt an amazing pain. It was the feeling of his soul being torn apart.
"Ah!"
Every time the skeleton bit him, Luo Zheng let out a miserable cry.
The pain of his soul being bitten was simply unbearable.
If Luo Zheng couldn't see through this illusion, he would be bitten to death by this Heart Demon skeleton!
Just as Luo Zheng was screaming again and again, Afo's voice sounded like thunder in Luo Zheng's ears: "Guard your heart!"
"Heart …" Luo Zheng's painful face revealed a trace of confusion, "What is my heart …"
Luo Zheng's mind was extremely slow as he was being bitten by the Mind Demon Skeleton. He had to find his true self amidst the endless pain.
Since his father's death, Luo Zheng's heart had been honed step by step. It had long been as firm as a rock.
Facing this Heart Demon in the illusion, let alone a Direbeast, even a sky full of gods and demons couldn't shake his heart.
But this Heart Demon had turned into his father's appearance. Although he knew that this skeleton wasn't his father, at this moment, the illusion had changed so much that it hit the most vulnerable part of Luo Zheng's heart.
"My … heart … is a heart that pursues the pinnacle of martial arts. This path … I've decided to walk … so I must persevere. No one can shake my heart." Luo Zheng thought very hard at first, but gradually it became smoother and smoother, "Not even my father! In this world, no one can stop my heart from pursuing martial arts! "
The confusion in his eyes was gradually replaced by unswerving determination.
The skeleton that had been constantly biting Luo Zheng gradually weakened and finally turned into a bubble. It passed through Luo Zheng's body and dissipated behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng gasped for breath. In his heart, he exclaimed that it was a close call. If he hadn't come to his senses, his soul would have been bitten to death!
Then Luo Zheng walked all the way up the stairs without encountering any resistance. When Luo Zheng reached the top of the stairs, the surrounding scenery changed and he returned to the hall.