"Temporary master?" Luo Zheng was curious.
Afo laughed, "Yes, this is the rule set by the third master of this mansion!"
"Then what can I do as the temporary master? What can I use? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Fu shook his head and said, "Nothing is possible. You can only participate in the last test and obtain a Concentration Meditation Diagram!"
"What's a Meditation Diagram?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
Afo was very curious, "I don't know what the world you're in is. As a warrior, you don't even know what a Meditation Diagram is?"
Luo Zheng thought he had read a lot, but he had never heard of a Meditation Diagram. He could only shake his head, "I really don't know."
"Although you're only a half-step Xiantian now, don't the warriors in your world have True Yuan? Can't anyone use True Yuan to transform? I saw in the battle in the pavilion that many people knew how to transform True Yuan, and that requires a Meditation Diagram! "Afo explained to Luo Zheng.
Not only did this explanation not make Luo Zheng understand, but it also made Luo Zheng more and more confused. He only said, "Our Eastern Region's martial artists all meditate according to their own cultivation method if they want to cultivate True Essence Transmutation. Why would they need to use a Concentration Meditation Diagram …"
"So that's how it is." Fu nodded. "Although the Divine Reflection Realm is incomparably weak in my eyes, the Divine Reflection Realm experts of your Eastern Region are much weaker than the ones I've seen. They don't even have a Concentration Visualization Diagram. No wonder their True Yuan Avatars aren't strong.
"Make it clear, if you want to transform True Yuan, you must need that diagram?" Hearing Afo's repeated emphasis, Luo Zheng vaguely understood that it seemed to be something very important.
Afo smiled and said, "The experts of the East don't rely on visualization diagrams to cultivate their True Essence avatars. They only rely on their own True Essence avatars without any foundation or inheritance. How could the difference in power be ten times? If you can convert your True Qi into True Essence, the True Essence Incarnation that you obtain through the Meditation Diagram will be ten times or even a hundred times stronger than them! "
Luo Zheng understood what Afo meant.
It seemed that Afo and the owner of the Immortal Mansion were not from this world. There was another cultivation method in their world, which was much more particular than the humans of the Eastern Domain when it came to transforming one's vital essence. It required something called the Concentration Visualization Diagram to transform.
"If that's the case, then how do I obtain the Meditation Image?" Luo Zheng was somewhat tempted.
Afo smiled, "Didn't I say it before? Once you pass the first two levels, there will be a third level, and the third level will be your reward! "
With that, Afo pointed at the wall not far away. Several rays of light flickered, and five paintings appeared out of thin air.
Luo Zheng stared at the five paintings, but they were blurry in his eyes and he couldn't see them clearly.
"This is the reward for you. The power of each of these five pictures is different. The first picture of the Heaven's Equal Sacred Sword is the worst, and the last picture of the sun, the moon, and the stars is the best. Let's see how many levels you can pass in the third test! If you can only pass the first level, you can only get the first Meditation Image. If you can pass the last level, you can get the most powerful one! "Afo said.
Luo Zheng looked at the five paintings and was slightly excited, "The Sun, Moon, and Stars Image, I must get it!"
Afo shook his head and said, "It's very difficult. I think with your strength, you can only get the second Ninth Heaven Reincarnation Image, or the third Flying Birds in Clouds Image."
"Then let's try it!"
With that, Luo Zheng strode forward and stepped into the third rune.
Although he had already passed the first two tests, the third test was just as important.
No matter what, he had to get the best Visualization Diagram!
As soon as he entered the third rune, Luo Zheng saw a string of bubbles coming out of the swamp in front of him, and then there were Fishmen crawling out of it.
"There are five waves in the third level. The first wave is the Elite Fishmen. It won't be difficult for you to deal with it with your strength!" Afo's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's ears.
Looking at those ugly Fishmen, Luo Zheng took out a broken throwing knife and rushed forward without saying a word.
"Kill!"
As Afo said, these Fishmen were not very strong. Each of them was only slightly stronger than the Blade Insect Leader.
But now, Luo Zheng's strength had greatly improved compared to when he went to the south!
The broken flying dagger was like a flying shuttle that pierced back and forth, drawing a thin silver line.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Every time a thin line was drawn, a dozen or so Fishmen would be cut open by the broken throwing knife.
Although there were many Fishmen, Luo Zheng's killing speed was faster. In half an hour, Luo Zheng killed about three to four thousand Fishmen!
Finally, the swamp in front of him finally stopped bubbling. The first wave of Elite Fishmen were all killed by Luo Zheng.
Standing among the corpses of the Fishmen, Luo Zheng sat down and rested for a while. Soon, the swamp began to bubble again.
"The second wave is the swamp beasts. There are fewer of them than the Fishmen, but they are stronger," Afo said.
The swamp beasts were huge in size. They looked like huge gorillas, but they had green faces and fangs, and looked terrifying.
Luo Zheng held the throwing knife in his hand, and he was not careless.
These swamp beasts were very strong, but they were not as agile as the Fishmen. In addition, Luo Zheng's right arm was inlaid with the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, so their overall speed was greatly increased.
In the face of these tall swamp beasts, Luo Zheng was like a dancing butterfly, flying among them and shuttling back and forth.
Compared with the Elite Fishmen, these swamp beasts were extremely tenacious. Whether it was pierced through by throwing knives or cut open their stomachs, they could still move freely. Only by hitting their heads with throwing knives could they be killed completely.
For others, the thick fur and skulls of the swamp beasts were difficult to penetrate with weapons, but for Luo Zheng, it was very easy.
So far, except for Yun Luo's barrier, there was nothing that could block Luo Zheng's throwing knives.
After spending a full two hours, Luo Zheng finally managed to kill off all the ferocious beasts in the swamp. There were a total of 466 ferocious beasts. Luo Zheng silently noted down the number.
"The throwing knife in your hand is not bad … The second wave is also very easy, but you have to be careful in the third wave. If you can't beat it, you can choose to withdraw. The second visualization image is the Nine-Heavens Samsara Diagram. This diagram is already very good. The second master of Immortal Mansion majored in the Nine-Heavens Samsara Diagram," Afo reminded him.
The second master?
He had never heard Afo mention this before. It turned out that Immortal Mansion had more than one master since it existed.
If he wanted to take something, he must take the best. The word "give up" did not exist in Luo Zheng's dictionary.
After resting for a while, Luo Zheng felt the ground tremble. He knew that now was the third wave of the test.
"Swish!"
In the violent tremor of the ground, a fierce aura came from the swamp. Those auras seemed to come from some unknown ancient beast.
After a while, a snake head rose from the swamp.
"Snake?"
Luo Zheng saw dozens of snake heads poking out of the swamp. They raised their heads and coiled above the swamp. When the "snakes" gradually left the swamp, Luo Zheng realized that they were only the heads of the beasts. There was a huge body under the heads.
"This is a type of ancient beast, the Nine-Headed Snake. The adult version is very strong. You are no match for it. These are only young Nine-Headed Snakes. Be careful, they are highly venomous, and the venom of each tongue is different! If you can't beat it, I will let you out of the illusion! " Afo said worriedly. This environment set up by Immortal was not without danger. If he died in the illusion, his soul would be destroyed. This was something that Afo did not want to see.
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he heard the word "highly venomous."
If it were any other attack, Luo Zheng might be a bit afraid. But Luo Zheng was a spirit treasure and was not afraid of any poison.
"What can a mere snake venom do to me?"
There were about a dozen young hydras, and each of them was over 30 meters tall. Moreover, the snake heads on their bodies were of all shapes and sizes. Some were yellow, some were brown, some were red, and some were even brightly colored. The colors of the snake heads were gorgeous.
The brighter the color, the more venomous the snake was.
"Swish!"
The Nine-Headed Snake at the front attacked Luo Zheng first.
Its nine heads sprayed mucus at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng dodged the mucus one by one. When the mucus touched the flowers and plants on the ground, it made a squeaking sound. The flowers and plants on the ground all withered, and even the ground turned black.
From this, it could be seen how poisonous these Nine-Headed Snakes were. If an ordinary person came into contact with a trace of their venom, they would probably die immediately. Even some Xiantian lifeforms would be afraid to avoid the Nine-Headed Snakes. If they were not careful, they would lose their lives to the venom.
But Luo Zheng had no scruples. After avoiding the venom, he circled around the ground and went behind the Nine-Headed Snake. The throwing knife in his hand flew like lightning towards the Nine-Headed Snake's body.
"Swish …"
The Nine-Headed Snake's nine heads were very agile. When Luo Zheng went behind them, they immediately turned their heads and sprayed the venomous mucus at Luo Zheng.
After adjusting his direction several times around the Nine-Headed Snake, Luo Zheng could not avoid the venomous mucus. He exerted strength in his feet and bent his whole body into the shape of a bow. He no longer dodged the venom, but rushed up against it.
"You … don't want to live anymore?" Afo's surprised voice sounded. Obviously, he could not understand Luo Zheng's actions.
"Swish …"