"Break for me!"
The broken flying knife turned into a silver light, reverberating in the air for a while.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
The snake heads didn't have a strong defense. When Luo Zheng got close to them, they were cut off from their necks one by one.
Nine snake heads were instantly cut off by Luo Zheng. Only the huge body was left. It crawled aimlessly on the ground for a while, then fell to the ground with a loud bang.
Standing on the body of the Hydra, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. Afo's voice came from the sky: "Hehe, I'm really surprised. I didn't expect you to be immune to poison. It seems that … you should be able to pass this level!"
The most difficult part of the third level was the venom of the Hydra. The Hydra had nine heads and was very flexible. There were basically no blind spots. It was very difficult to deal with its venom. But since Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the venom at all, the Hydra's biggest trump card had lost its effect. Killing the Hydra became easy.
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He jumped high and rushed to the next Hydra.
"Die for me!"
After the venom was ineffective, the Hydra was no threat to Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng got close to them, Luo Zheng quickly cut off their heads one by one.
After a while, Luo Zheng killed five or six Hydra.
The remaining Hydra saw that Luo Zheng was unstoppable and realized that their venom had no effect on Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng rushed to them, they actually bit at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was swallowed by the Hydra head. But after a while, the Hydra head suddenly burst open!
These Hydra weren't known for their strength. Luo Zheng actually used his brute force to break the Hydra head from the inside.
"Kill, kill, kill!"
After a while, these Hydra were all killed by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of any venom. Because there were only a few Hydra, the time he spent was half the time compared to the previous two levels.
"If you pass the third level, you can get the Yunsheng Flying Bird Diagram. This diagram has a long history. Visualizing it will benefit you a lot. I think you can make a choice now," Afo said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng still shook his head.
"It's impossible for you to pass the fourth test. Although your strength is astonishing, each of the five tests set by the Immortals is more difficult than the previous one. You're just a human, so it's impossible for you to pass. Unless you're from one of those legendary races with innate talents, only those with innate talents may be able to pass." Fu's advice was well-intentioned. He had stayed in the Immortal's Mansion for countless years and had seen countless races with innate talents. Even if Luo Zheng's current performance was extremely astonishing, it was only in comparison to humans. If one were to look at the Great Thousand World and the tens of thousands of races, it was simply not enough.
"Even if I can't pass, I still want to try!" Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. His goal was the fifth visualization diagram. As long as he set his goal, he would get it no matter what difficulties he had to go through.
"Although I think you're overestimating yourself, I like your persistence. In that case, you can continue." Afo didn't say anything else when he saw that Luo Zheng had made up his mind.
Standing on the ground, Luo Zheng faced the swamp, quietly waiting for the fourth level's Ferocious Beasts to appear.
After a while, Luo Zheng felt a chill in his heart. Small balls of light appeared in the swamp in front of him. These balls of light floated up and kept making squeaking sounds.
"If these aren't Ferocious Beasts, what are they?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
"They are Vengeful Spirits. These Vengeful Spirits are powerhouses that were swallowed by the swamp. Because they didn't complete their important tasks when they were alive, they can't be freed after death. They can only float in the swamp all day long." Afo explained, "Pure strength attacks are ineffective against Vengeful Spirits, and they will also bite your soul."
As soon as Afo's voice fell, the small balls of light changed their form. Although they still looked like luminous objects, at this moment, one could vaguely make out their heads, bodies, and hands. However, these Vengeful Spirits didn't have legs. Even if they did have legs, they wouldn't be able to use them because they were floating in the air.
After these seven Vengeful Spirits changed their form, they rushed towards Luo Zheng.
These Vengeful Spirits were weightless, so their flying speed was naturally very fast. One moment they were above the swamp, the next they rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"So fast?"
Such a strange flying speed startled Luo Zheng, and he almost shot out a throwing knife on reflex.
The throwing knife pierced through the Vengeful Spirits, but it only pierced through and didn't cause any damage.
"Ah!"
One of the Vengeful Spirits let out a blood-curdling scream. The scream seemed to contain endless resentment, and it rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng couldn't dodge in time. He subconsciously raised his hands in a defensive state, but the Vengeful Spirit directly penetrated Luo Zheng's body.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt as if his soul was suddenly bitten by a wild dog. The pain from the depths of his soul was unbearable.
Before Luo Zheng could react, another Vengeful Spirit rushed up at the same time. After penetrating Luo Zheng's body, it bit Luo Zheng again.
"Ah! Ah!"
The seven Vengeful Spirits constantly let out blood-curdling screams full of resentment, and took turns to attack Luo Zheng's soul. At this moment, Luo Zheng couldn't even defend himself. He couldn't do anything except let them hurt his soul.
"Ah, it hurts! I can't go on like this! "
Luo Zheng endured the severe pain, thinking about how to deal with these "Vengeful Spirits" that were like wild dogs.
Pure physical attacks had no effect at all.
Since that was the case, he would use this move!
The moment a Vengeful Spirit approached Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes wide and roared.
"Soul-Frightening Spike!"
A gray spike suddenly popped out from between his eyebrows and fiercely stabbed at the Vengeful Spirit that was rushing towards him.
The so-called "Soul Transformation Spike" was actually the simplest attack on the soul level. There were even some crude attacks that turned one's own soul into a spike to attack the opponent's soul.
However, the Eastern Region's research on the "soul" was not thorough. It was already very impressive to be able to create a soul attack like the Soul-Frightening Spike.
At this moment, facing these Vengeful Spirits that couldn't attack, Luo Zheng could only use this move.
"Swish!"
Because Luo Zheng used the Soul-Frightening Spike so suddenly, the Vengeful Spirit that was rushing towards him didn't expect it at all and was directly pierced by Luo Zheng's Soul Spike.
After the Soul Spike pierced through the Soul Spike, the Vengeful Spirit gradually deflated like a deflated balloon and finally dissipated between heaven and earth.
"The Soul-Frightening Spike is effective against them!" Luo Zheng's face revealed an excited expression. He was most depressed that he couldn't touch these Vengeful Spirits at all, so he could only take a beating. But now, it seemed that the Soul-Frightening Spike was quite effective.
For a moment, Luo Zheng's morale was greatly boosted. At least, Luo Zheng saw the hope of a comeback.
But then, Luo Zheng quickly realized that his idea was still too naive.
After using the Soul-Frightening Spike to kill the first Vengeful Spirit, the other six Vengeful Spirits had become extremely smart.
These Vengeful Spirits were really too fast. They arrived and left in a flash, and at the same time, they didn't forget to give Luo Zheng's soul a fierce bite.
Although Luo Zheng's Soul-Frightening Spike was also very fast, it was often dodged by the Vengeful Spirits before it could lock onto the target.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's attacks with the Soul-Frightening Spike missed several times and couldn't touch the Vengeful Spirits at all.
The situation was still very unfavorable for Luo Zheng. Under the repeated bites of the Vengeful Spirits, Luo Zheng's soul also suffered a lot of damage. Even though Luo Zheng was standing in place, he still felt dizzy.
"I don't believe it! Kill! "
After several ineffective attacks, Luo Zheng completely closed his eyes and used the Soul-Frightening Spike to stab randomly.
What Luo Zheng did not expect was that under his random stabbing, he actually inadvertently stabbed a wraith!
"There are five left!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and endured the waves of dizziness in his head, bitterly holding on.
But Luo Zheng's luck wasn't good. He continued to stab randomly, but he didn't manage to stab any more Vengeful Spirits. And under the bites of the Vengeful Spirits, his soul became more and more dangerous.
"Not only are you immune to poison, but you can also use spiritual attacks. This has greatly exceeded my expectations. If you're lucky, maybe you can really break through this barrier. Unfortunately … your soul attack is still too simple. You should give up …" Afo advised.
Luo Zheng's soul felt weak, and it was difficult for him to even stand. But he still clenched his teeth tightly, shook his head and said, "Give me a little more time, and I will definitely kill them!"
"Hehe, how are you going to kill them? You've only learned the lowest level of soul attack. This method of turning the soul into a spike is like a primitive man learning to use his fist. This method can't defeat those Vengeful Spirits. You killed two Vengeful Spirits because of luck. That's enough for you to be proud! "Afo advised," Look, those Vengeful Spirits are surrounding you again. How are you going to deal with them? "
The five Vengeful Spirits gathered towards Luo Zheng from five different directions.
It seemed that they thought Luo Zheng was an arrow at the end of its flight, and wanted to tear Luo Zheng's soul clean in one go.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, stood still, and suddenly roared!
"Ahhhh!"
Just as Luo Zheng was roaring, from the depths of Luo Zheng's mind, the Qinglong sculpture let out a dragon roar at the same time.
That dragon roar mixed with Luo Zheng's roar, formed a cyan shockwave that was hard to see with the naked eye, and spread out with Luo Zheng as the center.
When those Vengeful Spirits encountered the cyan shockwave, they were instantly scattered and disappeared completely.
The five Vengeful Spirits all dissipated under the pressure of Qinglong's dragon roar.
＝＝＝＝＝