Seeing this, Afo was silent for a while before he said slowly, "So there seems to be a dragon sleeping in your body?"
A dragon? Luo Zheng didn't refute. He didn't just have one dragon sleeping in his body, but nine!
At this moment, only the Qinglong at the bottom had awakened. Luo Zheng wasn't sure when the other eight would wake up. Perhaps the next dragon would only awaken after Luo Zheng completely lit up the scales of this Qinglong.
"Haha, not bad! You are indeed qualified to challenge it. Since you have passed the fourth level, I won't persuade you anymore. You can take part in the last challenge. If you succeed, you will obtain the Sun-Moon-Star Visualization Diagram. This visualization diagram is the most powerful one in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. If you want it, take it with your strength! Your soul was attacked by those resentful spirits just now. I can help you recover! "
With Afo's experience, what kind of people had he not seen in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion?
But this time, Afo had underestimated Luo Zheng again and again. At this moment, he was too embarrassed to persuade Luo Zheng, so he could only say this.
After that, a clear ray of light descended from the sky of the dreamland and rushed directly into Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt that his soul was in an extremely comfortable space. That comfortable feeling almost made him want to cry out. Although Afo was just a puppet, the two moves it casually displayed were amazing.
By the time the misty light disappeared, Luo Zheng, who had been exhausted a moment ago, had taken on a new look. His eyes were brimming with energy.
"Well, I don't need to rest. Next, I will take part in the last challenge!" Luo Zheng said as he looked at the endless swamp.
What kind of person would appear in the fifth and last level?
After a while, a soldier came out of the swamp.
This soldier was about the same height as Luo Zheng, but the aura coming from him made Luo Zheng very puzzled.
"This soldier is only half-step to the Xiantian realm?" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded. He never dreamed that he would encounter a half-step to the Xiantian realm opponent.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, even a Xiantian lifeform would find it difficult to survive against him, let alone a half-step to the Xiantian realm. Only a Divine Realm expert could defeat Luo Zheng.
Therefore, the strength of a half-step to the Xiantian realm was not worth mentioning at all, so Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
"Don't underestimate your opponent. The fifth and last level is the most difficult level. The soldier's strength is basically the same as yours. That is to say, if you are half-step to the Xiantian realm, the soldier will also be half-step to the Xiantian realm. If you are a Xiantian lifeform, then the soldier will also be a Xiantian lifeform," explained Afo.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Then won't I win for sure?"
"Hehe, how can it be so easy? There is a trace of an Immortal's remnant soul in the soldier's body. Although this remnant soul has no memory, it is an Immortal's remnant soul after all. It has the Immortal's fighting skills and methods. Even if the soldier's realm is the same as yours, his cultivation method and combat experience are not something you can compare to, "said Afo.
"An Immortal's remnant soul?" Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng's expression became serious.
The same strength, when used by different people, had completely different effects.
Luo Zheng himself was a living example. Even if he was only half-step to the Xiantian realm, it was still quite easy for him to defeat those Xiantian lifeforms.
But now, he was facing an Immortal!
This meant that this Immortal had suppressed his strength to half-step to the Xiantian realm to fight with him.
"I can't relax a bit." Luo Zheng was unprecedentedly vigilant. Holding the broken throwing knife in his hand, he stared at the soldier not far away.
The soldier did not approach quickly. It was basically at a stroll, slowly walking towards Luo Zheng.
As the armored soldier walked slowly, streams of vital energy emanated from under his armor.
"Genuine Qi!" This soldier was half-step to the Xiantian realm, so he could not use Genuine Qi. Therefore, it was only Genuine Qi that escaped.
However, the Genuine Qi was also very strange. It was not of one color, but was emitting a variety of colors. The colors on it were constantly changing.
"I don't know what kind of cultivation method he is practicing. He can summon Genuine Qi of this color. No matter what, I have to make the first move!" Luo Zheng exerted strength in his legs. His figure was like a flying shuttle, rushing towards the soldier. At the same time, the broken throwing knife in his hand shot towards the soldier with great precision.
"Swoosh!"
The broken throwing knife spun in a circle and cut towards the soldier's head.
Luo Zheng had already judged in his heart. As long as the soldier dodged his throwing knife, he would activate the Stun Spirit Thorn at the same time. Then, he would retrieve the throwing knife and give him a fatal blow.
However, the soldier only used one movement to resolve Luo Zheng's attack.
The soldier gently tilted his head.
His movement was not wasted at all. He gently tilted his head, and the throwing knife flew along the soldier's cheek. The distance between the throwing knife and the soldier was only half an inch!
"He is too confident. He knows the flying path of the throwing knife like the back of his hand!" Luo Zheng looked at the soldier in surprise and sucked in a breath of cold air.
Then, he gently bit his thumb and pulled the throwing knife back along its original path. Under Luo Zheng's control, the throwing knife flew towards the back of the soldier's head.
The soldier gently tilted his head to the side again, as if he had eyes on the back of his head. He still easily avoided the attack of the broken throwing knife.
"This …" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded.
His two consecutive attacks did not work and were easily resolved by the opponent. At this moment, Luo Zheng did not have any good ideas.
Right at that moment, the armored soldier moved. With an extremely fast speed, he charged toward Luo Zheng.
"Is this the strength of a Half-step to the Innate Realm?"
Looking at the running speed of the soldier, Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly dilated. He could not believe that a Half-step to the Innate Realm could have such speed!
Luo Zheng forgot that the Innate Realm and Divine Reflection Realm experts he had encountered before also looked at Luo Zheng in the same way. This soldier was indeed a Half-step to the Innate Realm. However, he contained a wisp of the Immortal's remnant soul, so he could not be measured by an ordinary Half-step to the Innate Realm!
While the soldier was running, he stretched out his slender and long arms and manipulated his Genuine Qi to draw two colorful arcs.
As soon as the arcs appeared, they were immediately compressed into two fist shadows and hit towards Luo Zheng.
At the same time, the soldier suddenly sped up. At this speed, his whole body pulled out a series of afterimages. It was impossible to see the soldier's figure clearly with the naked eye.
In the blink of an eye, the soldier was already in front of Luo Zheng. He hugged Luo Zheng with both hands and heavily smashed towards him.
Fortunately, the moment the soldier sped up, Luo Zheng had already injected the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his arm.
Even with the help of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal, Luo Zheng's speed had increased by ten times. However, compared to the speed of the soldier, he was still too slow.
"Boom!"
This heavy blow hit Luo Zheng's body and directly smashed Luo Zheng into the soft soil.
Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow. As soon as he was smashed down, he roared and pounded his fists on the ground. His whole body jumped up.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng stood up, the two fist shadows condensed from Genuine Qi smashed towards Luo Zheng's face. These two fist shadows were extremely powerful. They hit Luo Zheng's chest and made two muffled sounds. Luo Zheng was directly hit seven or eight feet away. He rolled on the ground several times before coming to a stop.
The soldier didn't chase after him. He still maintained a moderate speed and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng.
Lying on the ground, Luo Zheng's chest heaved up and down as he gasped for breath.
"This soldier is too strong. Every move and style is foreshadowed. My actions have been completely seen through by him. How can I fight this?" Luo Zheng took a deep breath and suddenly got up from the ground. It was impossible for him to give up so easily!
After seeing Luo Zheng get up, the soldier's movement speed increased again. His figure flickered and quickly approached Luo Zheng with strange steps.
"Die for me!"
This time, Luo Zheng locked his eyes on the soldier's body. The moment the soldier closed in on him, he threw a punch at him.
However, this punch still missed. Luo Zheng only hit the soldier's afterimage.
The soldier had already strangely circled behind Luo Zheng. He stretched out his palms and pressed them against Luo Zheng's back.
An extremely terrifying force pushed Luo Zheng's back. Luo Zheng's whole body was thrown forward. His head directly plowed through the soft soil, plowing out a ten feet long ditch!
Luo Zheng's face, mouth, and nose were all covered in mud.
He got up and cleaned up the mud.
The only thing that was in Luo Zheng's favor now was his special body.
Just now, he had been hit several times by the soldier. If it was anyone else, they would have been seriously injured and lying on the ground.
However, Luo Zheng's body had been strengthened by the Strange Flame several times. His body was already extremely strong. Although the soldier was powerful, his strength was only at the half-step Xiantian level. When the force hit Luo Zheng's body, it was continuously turned into a warm current, cleansing Luo Zheng's Dantian.
"Bah!"
Luo Zheng spat out the mud in his mouth and stared at the soldier.
The soldier's speed was extremely fast. If he closed in on him with a sprinting speed, he would not be able to catch the soldier's figure. If this continued, he would definitely lose.
"Close the distance and fight him in close quarters!"
With Luo Zheng's incomparably strong body, he had never been afraid of anyone in close quarters combat.
Luo Zheng threw out the broken throwing knife again. However, this time, Luo Zheng's target was not the soldier, but to block the soldier's retreat.
At the same time, he quickly closed the distance between him and the armored soldier and pulled him towards him.
However, the moment Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, the soldier's hand gently moved and blocked Luo Zheng's attack.
"You want to leave me alone? In your dreams! "Luo Zheng's left hand was blocked. His right hand moved like lightning towards the soldier.