This was exactly what Luo Zheng wanted. Luo Zheng believed that as long as he could get close, he would have a huge advantage.
Luo Zheng's right hand was held up. His face revealed a smile. The power of the dragon scale in his body erupted in an instant. He lifted the armored soldier up and was about to heavily throw him to the ground.
If this armored soldier really only had the strength of a half-step Xiantian, this throw would definitely kill him.
But before Luo Zheng could fall, the armored soldier's body slid down along Luo Zheng's arm like a snake.
Luo Zheng had already waved his arm and smashed down. But because the armored soldier was so close to him, both of them lost their balance and fell to the ground.
At the moment of falling, Luo Zheng stretched out his other hand to grab the armored soldier's neck. But the armored soldier still slid away from Luo Zheng's hand. Instead, he rolled over and pressed down on Luo Zheng.
"Jiu Jitsu!"
Luo Zheng's heart suddenly flashed with a word.
This armored soldier's series of actions reminded Luo Zheng of a body strengthening technique in the Eastern Domain. It was called Jiu Jitsu.
Ordinary people would practice a few martial arts before entering the Skin Refining Realm, and Jiu Jitsu was one of them.
But once they entered the Skin Refining Realm, most people would not continue to practice Jiu Jitsu. After all, Jiu Jitsu was only suitable for ordinary people to strengthen their body. For martial artists, it was useless.
When he was young, Luo Zheng also practiced Jiu Jitsu.
But when Luo Zheng entered the Skin Refining Realm, he began to practice his ancestral technique, 《Red Sandalwood Fist》.
Luo Zheng would never have thought that this armored soldier would be able to use Jiu Jitsu to such a level.
Under the entanglement of this Jiu Jitsu, Luo Zheng's incomparably fierce strength could not be displayed at all!
"It's just a wisp of an Immortal's remnant soul, but its strength is already so strong!" Luo Zheng was somewhat depressed as he was pressed down by the armored soldier.
Although the fifth visualization image was difficult to obtain, Luo Zheng would never give up!
The soldier stood motionless behind Luo Zheng, as if he was a human-shaped puppet.
However, there was still a trace of arrogance on that wooden face. The remnant soul of the Immortal had been preserved to this day and still retained a trace of spirituality!
"Damn it!"
Luo Zheng's strength suddenly erupted, and he broke free from the soldier's foot.
But as soon as Luo Zheng struggled free and tried to get up, the soldier used his knee to knock him down again.
This time, Luo Zheng learned his lesson. Before he fell to the ground, he threw himself forward, somersaulted, and stood up instantly.
Seeing this, the soldier followed up again and stubbornly pressed him to the ground.
But this time, Luo Zheng gave the soldier a strange smile. "Go to hell!"
Suddenly, Luo Zheng's chest split open, blood splattering everywhere. At the same time, a broken flying knife shot out from his chest, directly towards the armored soldier's face.
"Pu!"
Because the distance between the two was too close, no matter how fast the soldier was, he couldn't avoid the knife. After being hit in the head, the soldier swayed and fell down powerlessly. Then, a faint green dot of light drilled out of the soldier's head.
The small dot of light flew around Luo Zheng once before floating up into the sky.
Looking at the wound on his chest, Luo Zheng sighed. In fact, before deciding to fight hand-to-hand with the soldier, Luo Zheng had already thought of this method.
In terms of cultivation method, this soldier was actually the incarnation of the Immortal, so his cultivation method couldn't be worse than his. In terms of strength, this Immortal had seen through almost all of his moves, so Luo Zheng couldn't find an effective method.
The only problem was that this Immortal only left behind a wisp of his soul, which should contain very few memories. Even if there were, they were probably all memories of battle, which was why the soldier looked so dull.
Therefore, Luo Zheng thought of using the flying knife to pierce himself and kill the soldier. With the Immortal's wisp of soul, he definitely couldn't see through Luo Zheng's plan, which was to kill a thousand enemies at the cost of eight hundred of his own men.
"Heh heh …" Afo's laughter sounded at this moment. "I didn't expect you to be so cunning. If you challenged this soldier openly, you wouldn't have won at all!"
"Of course I know this. This soldier is basically equal to an Immortal. No matter how strong I, Luo Zheng, am, I don't have the capital to contend with an Immortal … Let's not talk so much. Can I be considered to have passed the fifth level?" Luo Zheng said, enduring the sharp pain in his chest. Although the physical damage would disappear after leaving the environment, Luo Zheng's chest still had a bloody hole from the flying knife!
"Yes, you have obtained the Sun-Moon-Star Map. Apart from the first master of the Immortal Mansion, no one else has obtained this Sun-Moon-Star Map. If the first master of the Immortal Mansion is excluded, you are the first to obtain this Sun-Moon-Star Map!" After Afo finished speaking, a large crack appeared in the sky, and a ray of light focused on Luo Zheng.
After the Stellar Transposition, Luo Zheng returned to the hall.
Afo pointed at the visualization map in the distance, and the last one, the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, slowly floated over to Luo Zheng's hand.
"Is this the Sun-Moon-Stars Map?" Luo Zheng curiously took the map in his hand.
What made Luo Zheng feel strange was that when he glanced at the Sun and Moon Stargazing Chart, his eyes seemed to be glued to it. He couldn't take his eyes off the chart at all!
"Eh, what's going on?" Luo Zheng stared at the map, and asked Afo next to him, "Why can't I take my eyes off it?"
This feeling was very strange. His eyes were fixated on this visualization diagram, unwilling to move away for even a moment. Even if someone wanted to kill him at this very moment, he was unwilling to raise his head and only wanted to stare at this diagram. It was as if there was a huge attractive force, attracting Luo Zheng to look at this diagram no matter what ….
"Hehe, this is the first time you've seen a visualization map, and it's true! After looking at it for a long time, you can take your eyes off it. This Sun-Moon-Stars Map not only allows you to visualize the power of the sun, moon, and stars, but also helps you speed up your cultivation. Since you've already got the map, you can visualize it first, and then you can take your eyes off it, "Afo said.
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. How could he have expected this?
The Sun-Moon-Stars Map looked like a map drawn on parchment paper, with a group of stars, sun, and moon drawn on it.
The strange thing was that it was just a map, but the stars, sun, and moon seemed to be moving. The moon moved slowly around the sun, and the stars moved around the moon.
Luo Zheng tried to take his eyes off the map and roll up the parchment paper, but he couldn't succeed after several tries. Every time he wanted to do so, his body wouldn't listen to him at all.
In the end, he could only follow Afo's instructions and sit down to visualize the Sun-Moon-Stars Map.
When Luo Zheng sat down and looked at the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, he suddenly fell into a strange state.
Wisps of Celestial Demon qi circulated involuntarily in his dantian, and circulated faster and faster.
The Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi flowed through Luo Zheng's meridians in the opposite direction and rushed up to Luo Zheng's head. It escaped from the Qingming acupoint in his eyes and shot toward the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
When the qi entered the map, it intersected with the stars and plated them with bits of starlight, then escaped from the map and burrowed into Luo Zheng's dantian.
In this way, the qi continued to circulate between Luo Zheng and the Sun-Moon-Stars Map.
One cycle …
Two cycles …
A hundred cycles …
Fu, who was standing at the side, was also shocked when he saw this.
"To be able to seize the good fortune of starlight on his first visualization, this … is too ridiculous!" Although Afo hadn't seen anyone practice the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, he had seen the second master of Immortal Abode practice the Nine-Heavens Samsara Map.
The second master of Immortal Abode was also a prodigy, not to mention that he was much, much stronger than Luo Zheng when he entered Immortal Abode.
Even so, it took him half a year to seize the creation of the first level of the Reincarnation Diagram of the Nine Heavens!
However, the Nine-Heavens Samsara Map had a total of nine layers of heaven, with nine different fortunes, while the Sun-Moon-Stars Map only had three: the sun, the moon, and the stars.
In contrast, the Sun-Moon-Stars Map was much more difficult to practice …
Luo Zheng had only just begun to visualize, but he could already seize the fortune of the stars. This kid's talent was too monstrous.
Time passed unknowingly. Luo Zheng had been sitting in place for three days.
After a full three thousand cycles, Luo Zheng suddenly closed his eyes. After a long time of immersion, he opened his eyes again, his eyes full of brilliant starlight!
"This Sun-Moon-Stars Map is indeed extraordinary. After absorbing the starlight, the whole person's mental state is improved. The starlight seems to be able to purify one's soul!" Luo Zheng exclaimed.
This was only Luo Zheng's most intuitive feeling. In fact, as the best map in the hands of an Immortal, the power of this visualization map was definitely not limited to this.
Luo Zheng operated his dantian and extracted the Heavenly Demon True Qi from his dantian. He found that there were also specks of starlight on the Heavenly Demon True Qi. The purple-black Heavenly Demon True Qi sparkled with sparkling light, very beautiful.
"The Heavenly Demon True Qi can devour all other True Qi and True Yuan, so it can get along well with the starlight … eh?"
Just as Luo Zheng was observing, there was a sudden change in front of him!
The Heavenly Demon True Qi in Luo Zheng's hand was slowly disappearing.
"What's going on?"
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt that the Heavenly Demon True Qi in his dantian was also slowly rotating. It was hot, as if someone had ignited a ball of fire and thrown it into his dantian.
As the Heavenly Demon True Qi in his dantian rotated faster and faster, Luo Zheng felt that the heat in his dantian was also increasing.
The Heavenly Demon True Qi involuntarily spread out from his dantian and attacked all of Luo Zheng's meridians at an extremely fast speed.
The Heavenly Demon True Qi seemed to have undergone a fundamental change. The True Qi became denser and more delicate.