Luo Zheng was pleasantly surprised.
While the Heavenly Demon Qi was circulating in his body, Luo Zheng reached out and extracted a portion of it, forcing it out of his body.
The Heavenly Demon Qi had completely changed its appearance. Although it was still purplish black, it now looked like a dense purplish black fog.
"I've broken through!"
After enduring for so long in the half-step Xiantian realm, Luo Zheng had finally stepped into the Xiantian realm!
The Heavenly Demon Qi had been circulating madly in his body, transforming his qi into vital essence. That thick black fog in Luo Zheng's hand was the essence of the Heavenly Demon Qi!
After entering the Xiantian realm, Luo Zheng's strength had risen to another level.
More importantly, he'd broken through the bottleneck of the Xiantian realm, which meant that the speed of his advancement would be much faster than before.
"Congratulations on becoming a Xiantian lifeform," Afo congratulated Luo Zheng with a faint smile.
In truth, in Afo's eyes, not to mention Xiantian lifeforms, even Divine Reflection cultivators were as insignificant as dust in his eyes.
However, Afo was only a servant in Immortal Abode, while Luo Zheng was its temporary master. As long as he performed well, he could become the true master of Immortal Abode in the future. Afo naturally had to be respectful.
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled at Afo. After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, Luo Zheng was one step closer to his goal.
Then he closed his eyes again and began to consolidate his realm.
Only after three full days did Luo Zheng finally open his eyes. After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, Luo Zheng could feel that his body had undergone some changes.
His breathing became longer and more vigorous. It took him as long as a stick of incense to burn to breathe in and out!
After stabilizing his realm, Luo Zheng leapt up and punched the air. This was the first form of the Heavenly Demon Fist, "Demonic Shakes the World".
When this punch was thrown, a greenish-black fist shadow flew out. The fist shadow was more solid and faster. At the same time, it contained a little bit of starlight.
Luo Zheng smacked his lips as he watched the shadows of the fists moving further and further away. It was a pity that there was no opponent in front of him to test the power of the 《Demonic God Fist》. Luo Zheng sized up Afo. Looking at the expressionless Afo, Luo Zheng decided to forget about it. This guy's strength was unfathomable, and he probably wouldn't have any reaction at all.
Although he had become the temporary owner of this immortal mansion and obtained this visualization diagram, he still felt a little depressed when he thought about how he couldn't use anything in this immortal mansion.
If he were to enter the Alchemy Room and obtain a legendary Immortal Pill, wouldn't his strength advance by leaps and bounds?
Since the third master of the immortal mansion had made such an arrangement, there must be a reason for it. Luo Zheng didn't insist.
Since Luo Zheng couldn't enter other places in the immortal mansion, he couldn't stay here forever.
So Luo Zheng cupped his hands to Afo and said, "I've been in this immortal mansion for some time. If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave first!"
"Oh?" Afo's face showed a strange expression, "This immortal mansion is an excellent place for cultivation. The speed of condensing True Essence is several times faster than outside. If you want to cultivate wholeheartedly, cultivating here is the best choice. Why do you still want to go out?"
Afo waited for so many years to welcome a new master of the immortal mansion, but he didn't expect Luo Zheng to leave so soon.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I still have a lot of things to do outside!"
After thinking for a moment, Fu stretched out his hand and took out a command medallion.
On the front of the token was engraved some complicated patterns and the word "Xun".
Afo said, "If you want to return to the immortal mansion in the future, just show this token at the entrance."
Luo Zheng took the token and felt it was a bit heavy. It wasn't made of gold or iron, but he didn't know what kind of metal it was made of.
Before leaving, Afo's eyes suddenly showed endless loneliness. Although Afo was a puppet, there was a living soul inside. After so many years of waiting, the soul had indeed suffered greatly.
Seeing the loneliness in Afo's eyes, Luo Zheng's heart moved. Afo had helped him many times during the trials. He said to Afo, "Don't worry, you've waited for thousands of years. I'm sure I'll be back soon. Although I'm only the temporary master now, I'll definitely become the true master of this immortal mansion!"
Afo smiled faintly, "Do your best, maybe you'll be able to revive this immortal mansion!"
In fact, there were some things that Fu didn't tell Luo Zheng. Since the death of the third owner of this immortal mansion, over the years, there had been seven or eight temporary owners, but none of them had been able to truly inherit this immortal mansion.
Afo walked Luo Zheng all the way to the entrance and watched Luo Zheng's back as he left. Finally, he said faintly, "But … after so many years, only this young man has been able to obtain the Sun-Moon-Star Map. Even the second and third masters of this immortal mansion didn't get it. Maybe he can create a miracle and fulfill the master's last wish?"
… …
… …
After leaving Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng went back and forth through the boundary.
For safety's sake, Luo Zheng put his mask back on. As soon as Luo Zheng returned to Jade Dragon Valley, he discovered the group of connate lifeforms from the seven landowning clans.
Because the group of Xiantian life forms couldn't pass through the jade path, they waited by the side of the pool.
As for what happened in the pavilion in the middle of the pool, they couldn't see because of the boundary.
After waiting for a long time, they had no choice but to withdraw from Immortal Mansion. After all, it was a dangerous place for them.
If the two giant puppets they'd lured to the edge of the square returned, none of them would be able to make it out alive!
After leaving Immortal Mansion, they returned to Jade Dragon Valley and waited patiently again.
They waited for seven or eight days!
There was still no movement from Immortal Mansion, and not a single person came out.
These connate lifeforms were uneasy. Perhaps all the Illumination Spirit realm powerhouses in their clans had already perished.
Given the dangers of Immortal Mansion, this was absolutely possible.
At this moment, a light flashed between the two bamboos, and Luo Zheng's figure appeared in it.
"It's him, the kid with the mask!"
"He's still alive, how is that possible?"
"Where's my Uncle Ge? How is he?! "
Seeing the masked Luo Zheng, the connate lifeforms cried out one after another, many of them extremely shocked.
Although Luo Zheng had safely passed through the jade path and entered the pavilion, these connate lifeforms were well aware of the gap between Luo Zheng and those Illumination Spirit realm powerhouses.
If there was any danger in the pavilion, the first to die would probably be the masked kid.
After all, he was the weakest. Although Luo Zheng had used thunderous means to kill two connate lifeforms, so what?
There was a natural chasm between Mister's Celestial Spirit realm and the Illumination Spirit realm. It was simply impossible to cross!
In the end, only the masked kid came out this time. This was unacceptable to the people waiting outside.
There were also some connate lifeforms who asked Luo Zheng about their elders.
Facing these connate lifeforms, Luo Zheng smiled coldly, lowered his head, and walked away.
He didn't walk the same path as them, so there was naturally no need to explain to them. At the same time, Luo Zheng didn't want to cause more trouble. As long as these connate lifeforms didn't trouble him, he could let them live.
However, Luo Zheng wanted to leave, but some people didn't let him.
"Stop! You want to leave just like this? "Several connate lifeforms blocked Luo Zheng's path.
"I'm not familiar with you, so I won't leave here. Why don't you invite me to tea?" Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile and teased them.
The leader of the connate lifeforms said coldly, "Tea isn't a problem. Our family has the best Celestial Spirit tea in the Eastern Domain. If you explain clearly, I'll invite you to drink it every day!"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm not interested! Goodbye! "
"What happened to my elders? Where are they now? "The man didn't want to give way, and instead questioned Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face darkened. "I'll say it again. I'm not familiar with you, so I don't want to answer your questions. If you don't want to die, get out of my way!"
The strength Luo Zheng had shown before was enough to make these people very afraid. After all, Luo Zheng could kill Yan Jiu, and even killed Ye Chou in a strange way.
Although some of these connate lifeforms were stronger than Ye Chou, the gap between them and Ye Chou wasn't too big. At present, they were still somewhat afraid of Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng spoke, his aura burst out, making that connate lifeform take a step back. Then he said loudly, "Everyone, let's attack together. He definitely knows what happened in the immortal mansion. We can't let him leave!"
People often had a herd mentality. As the saying goes, there's strength in numbers. Everyone could embolden each other.
Although they were all afraid of Luo Zheng, they didn't believe that Luo Zheng could defeat so many connate lifeforms by himself.
Seeing so many connate lifeforms surrounding him, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and the killing intent in his eyes grew stronger little by little. He didn't want to kill more people, but these landowning households were so difficult to deal with.
"If you want to die, come at me. I can help you. You'll all die like those guys in the Divine Reflection Realm inside!" Luo Zheng stretched out his fist, and streams of purple-black Heavenly Devil Genuine Qi gushed out.
"What? They're all dead? "
"Where's my Uncle Haoran?"
"Impossible! They're all in the Divine Reflection Realm. How could they die so easily? You're lying! "
However, the news of the annihilation of all the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses was hard to believe.
They knew that the immortal mansion was so dangerous that even a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse would be as powerless as a bug, and could die at any time.
They didn't dare to believe it because they couldn't accept it.
＝＝＝＝＝