These Illuminating Spirit experts were the most valuable fighting force of the seven noble families. If they were killed in the mansion, it would be a huge blow to the seven noble families.
"If you don't believe me, you can find your own way into the mansion to investigate. This has nothing to do with me. I'll say one more thing, I'm leaving this place. Anyone who gets in my way will die!" Luo Zheng walked forward after saying this.
"No, you can't leave. You have to give the Huang family an explanation! Otherwise, don't even think about leaving this place alive! " A Huang Family Xiantian lifeform blocked in front of Luo Zheng. This Xiantian lifeform condensed his true essence into a small green dragon, which bit towards Luo Zheng!
"Scram!"
Luo Zheng slapped back, the Heavenly Demon True Yuan rolling in his palm. Specks of starlight twinkled.
"Bo!"
The small green dragon was formed from True Yuan, but it didn't even qualify to be devoured by the Heavenly Demon True Yuan. Before it could even get close to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng slapped it into nothingness. At the same time, the Heavenly Demon True Yuan flashed with specks of starlight and pounced on the Huang family Xiantian lifeform.
Luo Zheng didn't use the Heavenly Demon God's Fist for this move. He just activated his Heavenly Demon True Yuan to strike.
Just as the palm slammed into the Xiantian lifeform's body, the sparkling stars suddenly shattered.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
The sparkling stars were only the size of rice grains, but after they shattered, they exploded with energy that shocked all the Xiantian lifeforms.
Each explosion was like the destruction of a star.
When the explosions stopped, the Huang family Xiantian lifeform had completely disappeared!
One palm strike had turned him into dust! How frightening was this power? Even an Illuminating Spirit expert would find it difficult to do so.
The Xiantian lifeforms' expressions turned ugly.
"This kid broke through. He was only a half-step Xiantian in the mansion, but now he's turned his True Yuan into True Yuan. He killed Ye Chou when he was half-step Xiantian. Now that he's a Xiantian lifeform, his strength has increased by leaps and bounds. We … we're no match for him!" someone whispered.
Luo Zheng looked around and asked in a gloomy voice, "Is there anyone else who wants to stop me?"
All of the Xiantian lifeforms were silent. But after a while, a young man walked out and said, "I think it would be better for you to explain what happened inside."
"What if I don't explain?"
Luo Zheng frowned. The young man immediately retreated a few steps as if he was facing a great enemy. He tried his best to suppress his fear of Luo Zheng and said, "If you don't explain, I'm afraid it will be difficult to explain to the seven noble families."
"Hahahahaha …" Luo Zheng suddenly laughed wildly as if he had heard the funniest joke in his life. "Explain? Why should I give you seven noble families an explanation? Or rather, what qualifications do the seven noble families have for me to give them an explanation? "
Luo Zheng had long held a grudge against these landowning households. Along the way, he had been in constant trouble, and it was all because of these landowning households!
The young man's complexion became even more unsightly at this time. "Aren't you a little too arrogant?"
Although the strength Luo Zheng had shown was indeed frightening, the seven noble families had seen all kinds of geniuses since they were young. The seven noble families' disciples with extremely high innate talents were basically the top ten disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect in all the years!
The young man in front of them was unexpectedly so arrogant that he didn't put the seven noble families in his eyes at all. This made those Xiantian lifeforms from the noble families unable to accept it for a while.
"I'm arrogant? Haha. "Luo Zheng took two steps forward and the young man immediately took two steps back." You can go home and tell your family's elders that I'll eradicate these noble families one by one in my lifetime! You can see if I'm really arrogant or not at that time! "
Everyone's complexion was still very unsightly. This masked young man was already unreasonably arrogant. However, they weren't his match at the moment. The fate of the Huang family's Xiantian lifeform was still in front of them. They didn't dare to refute Luo Zheng too much.
They could only look on helplessly as Luo Zheng safely left after speaking such arrogant words.
It wasn't until a long time after Luo Zheng had left that the crowd began to whisper spiritedly.
At this time, they weren't talking about the safety of those Illuminating Spirit powerhouses …
Instead, they began to criticize Luo Zheng.
"Haha, these commoner-born disciples all have a vicious aura. No matter how talented they are, they'll die prematurely sooner or later! My Yu family's genius, Yu Xiaoshu, isn't inferior to him in strength, but his mental state is much stronger than his! "
"What's the point of thinking so much? Let me tell you, this masked young man won't live for long! He must die, he'll definitely die! "
"You're talking nonsense. Since the founding of the Heavenly King Blazing Dynasty, all those who opposed the seven noble families have died! How can this young man be an exception? "
These Xiantian lifeforms were spitting saliva everywhere, but they forgot that when Luo Zheng was here, none of them dared to speak like this!
After leaving Jade Dragon Valley, Luo Zheng felt an inexplicable satisfaction in his heart. Of course, he knew how these Xiantian lifeforms would talk about him behind his back, but he didn't care. He was already used to the character of these noble children. Only by completely suppressing them would they feel fear and dread!
After following the original path back to Guanghan Prefecture, Luo Zheng went to find several stablemen in a row, but he couldn't buy the horse he wanted. After all, this was a small place, and those stables only sold ordinary horses. Luo Zheng wanted to hurry on his way, and those ordinary horses were useless to Luo Zheng. They weren't as convenient as his legs.
A stableman saw that Luo Zheng was really in a hurry to buy a famous colt. When Luo Zheng left, the stableman rushed out and said to Luo Zheng, "Sir, I know who has a Chasing Lightning Colt!"
"Oh? Who is it? "Luo Zheng only cared about getting the horse. As for who he bought it from, he didn't care.
The stableman pointed into the distance, "There, the richest family in our Guanghan Prefecture, the Li Family, has a Chasing Lightning Colt. They just bought it from another prefecture last month. Some time ago, the Li Family's young master often rode the Chasing Lightning Colt on the streets!"
Luo Zheng nodded. He took out some gold leaves from his Sumeru Ring and threw them to the stableman. The stableman naturally beamed with joy and thanked him repeatedly. At the same time, he didn't forget to remind Luo Zheng, "That Li Family's young master doesn't have a good temper. If you want to buy a horse from him, you'll have to have a good talk with him …"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. The stableman's reminder was out of kindness. As for whether Luo Zheng would have a "good talk" with the Li Family's young master, that would depend on Luo Zheng's mood.
Luo Zheng had just followed the stableman's directions and arrived in front of a row of luxurious and elegant buildings. These buildings had rhombus-shaped wooden signs hanging above them. On the wooden signs, there was a large "Li" character. Presumably, these were the properties of Guanghan Prefecture's rich Li Family.
He had just stood in front of the Li Family's gate for a while when two attendants wearing leather armor came over and shouted at Luo Zheng, "Go away, go away. This is not a place for you to stay. Be careful, or else I'll arrest you!"
Luo Zheng frowned, but before he could do anything, he heard a roar. He saw someone riding a horse from the corner of the street, charging straight in his direction.
Luo Zheng's eyesight was now very strong. Although the horse was still far away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could see it clearly. There were blue sparks of lightning on the horse's hooves, and it was running at an extremely fast speed. It was the Chasing Lightning Colt that Luo Zheng wanted to buy.
The Chasing Lightning Colt was extremely fast. It only took a breath to rush from the end of the street to here. It could be said to be as fast as lightning.
But just as the person on the horse urged the Chasing Lightning Colt to gallop, a hand-drawn cart suddenly rushed out from the other side of the street. The person pulling the cart was a thin and frail old man, and the old man was pulling the cart with a few children in ragged clothes.
The old man didn't expect a horse to rush over at such a fast speed, and for a moment, he stood in place in a daze.
"You're courting death!" A young man wearing a brocade robe, his face full of hostility, shouted loudly.
When the people on the street saw this scene, they subconsciously closed their eyes. If they were hit by the Chasing Lightning Colt, the old man pulling the cart, as well as the children in the cart, would most likely die.
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly appeared in front of the Chasing Lightning Colt. He stretched out his hand and grabbed the Chasing Lightning Colt's two sturdy front legs, abruptly lifting both the man and the horse.
"It's dangerous here. Hurry up and leave," Luo Zheng said to the old man while holding the Chasing Lightning Colt.
The old man looked at Luo Zheng with a frightened expression, then lowered his head and turned the cart with the children around, quickly leaving.
At this time, the young man sitting on the Chasing Lightning Colt cursed, "What kind of dog is this? Put me down!"
Hearing the young man's foul mouth, Luo Zheng's face suddenly turned cold. He carefully put the Chasing Lightning Colt down. The reason why he was so careful was not because he was afraid of hurting the young man, but because he was afraid of hurting the horse.
"Dog, you dare to block this father's carriage? You're courting death!" The young man sitting on the Chasing Lightning Colt was put down by Luo Zheng. He stretched out his hand and fiercely lashed out at Luo Zheng with a horsewhip.
Luo Zheng casually grasped the horsewhip in his hand.
When the two attendants at the gate of the Li Family saw this scene, they surrounded Luo Zheng and shouted, "Bold servant, why haven't you let go yet? Our family's young master wants to whip you, yet you still dare to not let go of his whip. If you die early, quickly kneel on the street and let our family's young master whip you a hundred times, then you can be spared from death!"
Hearing the attendant's words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a sneer. He gently pulled with his hand, and the Li Family's young master was pulled off the Chasing Lightning Colt by Luo Zheng.
Whether it was the Li Family's young master or the attendants, they were all masters of Guanghan Prefecture, especially the Li Family's young master. At this moment, he was stunned because no one had ever dared to pull him off a horse before.