"Is that so? I want to know, how are you going to kill me? Like this? Or like this? " As Luo Zheng spoke, he took out a broken throwing knife and grabbed the dazed young master of the Li family. The broken throwing knife moved back and forth in front of the young master's face.
"You, you, let go of our young master!" The two attendants took a step forward and said gloomily.
At this moment, the young master of the Li family finally reacted and cursed, "Bastard, let go of me. Then take your broken knife and cut open your stomach, or I'll kill your entire family!"
This time, as soon as the young master of the Li family finished speaking, Luo Zheng slapped him.
"Kill my entire family? Do you know who I am? How are you going to punish me? "Luo Zheng asked coldly.
"Haha, you dare to hit my face. My father doesn't dare to do it, but you dare to hit me. You're dead. I'll kill you …" The young master of the Li family had a fierce temper. Luo Zheng's slap made his mouth full of blood, but he still dared to speak so wildly.
"Pa …"
Without waiting for him to finish speaking, Luo Zheng slapped him again.
The young master of the Li family's eyes were full of malice and coldness. Just as he was about to speak, Luo Zheng slapped him again.
The two attendants of the Li family couldn't stand it anymore. They rushed forward with their weapons, but Luo Zheng kicked each of them and they flew more than ten meters away.
After dealing with the two attendants, Luo Zheng turned back to deal with the young master of the Li family.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't want to look for trouble, but he didn't expect that he would encounter such a thing just because he wanted to buy a horse.
After Luo Zheng slapped the young master of the Li family five or six times, the arrogant and vicious young master of the Guanghan Prefecture finally behaved.
"Are you still going to curse?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No … I'm not cursing," the young master of the Li family said, trembling.
Luo Zheng smiled. "That's right. I have something to discuss with you today."
"Why are you looking for me?" Young Master Li looked surprised. "But I don't know you!"
"I'll make a deal with you. Sell me this horse!" Luo Zheng pointed at Chasing Lightning and said.
"Ah!" Although the Li Family's Eldest Young Master had been beaten into obedience by Luo Zheng, this Chasing Lightning Colt was something he had painstakingly obtained. As a hedonistic son of the Li Family, he had never asked about business matters. He only knew that money couldn't buy what he liked, so how could he be willing to sell it?
But when he thought of the power of Luo Zheng's slap, the Li family's eldest young master was filled with fear. His face revealed an expression of being in a dilemma.
"What? You don't want to sell? "Luo Zheng's voice suddenly became cold.
"I'll sell, I'll sell …" Seeing this, the Li family's eldest young master hurriedly nodded. But when he glanced at the door of his house, he immediately changed his words and cursed, "Sell your mother!"
After saying this, the Li family's eldest young master turned and ran. At this moment, a group of people came out of the Li family's gate. The person in the lead had a face full of riches and dignity. He was accompanied by two guards who were aggressively rushing over.
Luo Zheng didn't chase after the Li family's eldest young master. He just stood in place, coldly looking at the group of people who were constantly approaching him.
The Li family's eldest young master ran to the person in the lead and complained tearfully, "Father, today I met a hooligan who dared to hit me!"
Luo Zheng's slap didn't taste good. At this moment, the Li family's eldest young master's cheeks were swollen and blood was constantly flowing out of his mouth. Where was the handsome and elegant appearance of the Li family's eldest young master?
The Li family's eldest young master's father was the richest man in Guanghan Prefecture, Li Qiong. Because he had a son at an old age, he spoiled his only son very much. Usually, he would flatter and protect him. Seeing his son beaten like this, his expression was naturally very ugly.
Li Qiong comforted his son and then walked over to Luo Zheng with two guards. He coldly asked, "Who are you? How dare you hit my son?"
Luo Zheng wasn't even in the mood to explain at this moment. Instead, he said, "I hit you. So what?"
Li Qiong was able to do business to this extent in the barren Guanghan Prefecture. He could be considered a person with some ability. When he heard Luo Zheng's ruthless words, he didn't show the slightest trace of fear on his face. He said, "You're just a Xiantian lifeform. How dare you be so arrogant in front of our Li family's gate? Do you really think there's no one in Guanghan Prefecture?" After speaking, Li Qiong waved his hand and the two guards on his left and right stepped forward.
These two guards were considered top experts in Guanghan Prefecture. One of them was at Xiantian seventh stage and the other was at Xiantian eighth stage.
To be honest, the strength of these two guards was a bit beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
Because in Chongyang Prefecture, where the Luo family was located, a Xiantian fifth stage expert could be considered a tyrant in Chongyang Prefecture.
But in Guanghan Prefecture, they were able to recruit such strong experts. This really made Luo Zheng somewhat puzzled.
Luo Zheng wouldn't think about things that he couldn't figure out. For a half-step Xiantian Luo Zheng, it would take a lot of effort to reach Xiantian seventh stage and Xiantian eighth stage.
But for the current Luo Zheng, it wasn't worth mentioning!
The two guards, having received their master's order, wanted to surround him, but at this moment, they didn't think of making a move.
They saw that Luo Zheng's strength was only at Xiantian first stage. In their minds, they thought that as long as they gave this kid a certain amount of pressure, he would obediently submit.
But they didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be the first one to make a move.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't even use the Zhen Yuan in his body. Instead, he directly used the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in his right hand to increase his speed to the limit. At the same time, he combined the powerful strength in his body and punched towards the two guards' chests.
Because of his extremely fast speed and great strength, the two guards didn't even have the chance to react.
"Bang, bang!"
One punch, one punch each. Luo Zheng's fist imprinted on the two guards' chests, making them directly fly out and heavily hit the ground.
Luo Zheng had held back these two punches. Otherwise, their fate would have been the same as that of the gentry in the Jade Dragon Valley. They would have been annihilated into pieces by Luo Zheng's star power.
"Now, do you still need to ask me the reason?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
Li Qiong's complexion was very ugly. He knew very well how much money he had spent to recruit these two guards.
Some powerhouses simply didn't care about money. No matter how much money was spent, they couldn't be recruited. Li Qiong was very lucky to be able to recruit a Xiantian seventh stage and a Xiantian eighth stage powerhouse. These two people had always been Li Qiong's backing in Guanghan Province.
But Li Qiong didn't expect that these two guards would be so weak in front of this kid. In just one exchange, two punches had instantly made them seriously injured and fall to the ground. Now, it seemed that they wouldn't be able to get up for a while.
However, Li Qiong had been in the business world for many years and had developed a good mentality. Before, he had been arrogant because he thought that he had the capital to be arrogant.
But his capital was instantly broken by this kid, so his noble face immediately changed. His expression changed so fast that even Luo Zheng couldn't compare.
"Hey, hey, hey, this friend passed by our Guanghan Province and had a little conflict with my son. As his father, I apologize to him first." Li Qiong cupped his hands and said with a smile, as if Luo Zheng hadn't beaten his son, but someone else's son, not his guard, but someone else's guard!
As the saying goes, don't slap a smiling face. Luo Zheng couldn't teach the father of the Li family a lesson, so he just shook his head and said: "I don't have any conflict with your son. On the contrary, I have something to ask him. It's just that his mouth is too smelly, so I taught him a lesson!
"My son was born with a smelly mouth. As his father, I apologize to you first." Li Qiong cupped his hands again and then turned to his son and shouted: "Why haven't you apologized to this friend yet!"
"Father!" The eldest son of the Li family covered his face, his face full of unwillingness. Clearly, he still didn't understand the situation at hand.
Luo Zheng really did shake his head. This kid's ability was far inferior to his father's.
"I told you to apologize, so apologize. What are you waiting for? Do you believe that I won't beat you to death?" Li Qiong said fiercely. He had never been so angry with his son, but Li Qiong understood that this youth's strength was high. If this youth was a narrow-minded person, he would probably destroy the entire Li family. At this moment, he couldn't be careless at all.
Although the eldest son of the Li family was still unwilling, he had never seen his father like this before. He vaguely felt a trace of danger, so he reluctantly walked up, bowed to Luo Zheng, and lowered his head to apologize.
Luo Zheng waved his hand: "No need, I came to find you. I only want to buy your Chasing Lightning Colt. I'll pay double the price you paid for it."
When Li Qiong heard this, he understood this youth's purpose. His face was as if bathed in a spring breeze. He smiled amiably at Luo Zheng and said: "We're all people of Jianghu. Talking about money makes us seem like strangers. Let me give you this Chasing Lightning Colt."
"No need, how much?" Luo Zheng asked.
Li Qiong saw that Luo Zheng was very determined to pay, so he didn't talk about giving it away. He knew that some people didn't like to owe favors. If he insisted on giving away the Chasing Lightning Colt, he was afraid that he would annoy this youth. So he said: "This Chasing Lightning Colt is worth two square crystals."
In fact, Li Qiong's price was too low. The Chasing Lightning Colt was a precious horse of the Eastern Domain. Although it couldn't fly like the Flying Chariot, it was still very fast and good at traveling. He had spent thirty square crystals to buy this Chasing Lightning Colt. Two square crystals was already an extremely cheap price.
"Ding ding dang dang …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and four square crystals fell out from his spatial ring. Then he asked: "I used twice the price to buy this horse. Do you have any objections?"
Li Qiong smiled and waved his hand, "No, no, I used two square crystals to buy this horse. I sold it for four square crystals and made more than double the profit. How could I have any objections?"
Luo Zheng nodded, then turned his head and climbed onto the Lightning Chasing Foal. With a squeeze of his legs, he turned the horse around and gave Li Qiong a deep look before swaggering off. Luo Zheng originally wanted to ridicule Luo Zheng. As a father, he was capable of judging people and judging things. However, that son of his was completely useless. However, when he thought about the love of all parents in the world, he, Luo Zheng, was not such a narrow-minded person. Therefore, he held back his words.
After knowing that Luo Zheng had left, the Li Family's Great Young Master unhappily said: "Father, why did you sell the Chasing Lightning Colt! That was … "
"Pa!"
Li Qiong slapped his son's face. This was the first time his son had ever been slapped in his life.
"I told you to stay at home and not stir up trouble outside. If you provoke an ordinary person, your father can handle it. But if you provoke someone with great ability, then you won't even know how to write the word 'death'!" Li Qiong's face was cold as he lectured his son. He could only blame himself for spoiling his son too much.
The Li Family's Great Young Master covered his face and miserably said: "Your son knows his wrongs. But Father, that Chasing Lightning Colt cost thirty square crystals to buy. Why did you cheat him of two square crystals! He gave us four square crystals, as if he was giving us a great bargain. How could he do business like this … "