Strictly speaking, the Chasing Lightning Foal was no longer a horse. It could be considered a spiritual beast. This kind of spiritual beast had been tamed by some experienced and powerful people.
The Chasing Lightning Foal's initial speed wasn't fast, but once it sped up, its speed became faster and faster. The horse, carrying Luo Zheng, seemed to transform into a bolt of lightning as it ran wildly on the official road.
Along the way, Luo Zheng would occasionally stop to let the Chasing Lightning Foal rest for a while before immediately continuing on his journey. There was almost no delay in the journey.
Even so, Luo Zheng still spent several days to rush from Guanghan County to the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital.
After arriving at the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng placed the Chasing Lightning Foal in the Blue Cloud Sect's special place to raise spiritual beasts. Then, he went straight to Xiao Yufeng.
Luo Zheng had already left for quite some time. The disciples who had participated in the Monster Slaying Trial with Luo Zheng had already returned to the mountain peak.
Luo Zheng had just arrived at the foot of Little Rain Peak and was about to step onto the mountain road. However, there were two people standing next to the mountain road. These two people were wearing purple light armor. They were the Blue Cloud Sect's inspectors.
When these two inspectors saw Luo Zheng, they straightened their bodies and walked in front of Luo Zheng. They pointed at Luo Zheng's waist and said, "Show me your disciple card!"
The Blue Cloud Sect's inspectors had great power. Their main responsibility was to maintain order in the entire Blue Cloud Sect. However, the order on the mountain peak was managed by the various teachers. Therefore, they usually only cared about the other areas at the foot of the mountain.
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He took the disciple card from his waist and handed it to the inspector.
The inspector took a look and then gave the inspector next to him a meaningful look. He turned his head and said to Luo Zheng, "You can't go up the mountain right now. You have to come with us."
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face sank. He clearly didn't understand what was going on.
"You'll know when you get there." The inspector added, "Hold out your hands."
Just as Luo Zheng stretched out his hands, an inspector lightly clapped his hands and muttered something. Immediately, a stream of Zhenyuan appeared around Luo Zheng's wrists. Immediately, the Zhenyuan transformed into a tender green thorn, which bound Luo Zheng's hands together.
"What does that mean?" Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and asked. After all, this was the Blue Cloud Sect. Luo Zheng understood that everything had to be done according to the rules. However, his hands were bound for no reason. This was almost touching Luo Zheng's bottom line.
The inspector's face revealed a hint of mockery. "Didn't I tell you? You'll know when we get there! "
Luo Zheng forcibly suppressed the anger in his heart. After all, this was the Blue Cloud Sect. He believed that they wouldn't dare to act recklessly.
Then, Luo Zheng was invited onto a Flying Chariot by the two inspectors.
The Flying Chariot quickly moved through the Blue Cloud Sect. Soon afterwards, it brought Luo Zheng to a small mountain.
There was a giant iron tablet erected at the top of this small mountain. On it were the words' Xunming Mountain '.
When he saw these words, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly.
Luo Zheng had heard of Xunming Mountain before. This Xunming Mountain could be considered the 'court' of the Blue Cloud Sect. Normally, only when disciples made mistakes or committed crimes would they be sent to Xunming Mountain to be sentenced and imprisoned. Once the matter was truly investigated, they would be released according to the situation, or sent to Purgatory Mountain.
When he saw these two inspectors examine his disciple tablet and find out that he was Luo Zheng, they actually brought him to Xunming Mountain. Could it be that he violated some serious rules of the Blue Cloud Sect?
When the Flying Chariot slowly stopped, one of the inspectors shouted towards Luo Zheng, "Get down!" As he spoke, he even gave Luo Zheng's shoulder a push.
When these two inspectors' attitudes took a sudden turn, Luo Zheng immediately understood that someone was going to make a move against him.
A cold smile appeared on his face.
Regardless of whether this Xunming Mountain was a dragon's pool or a tiger's den, if anyone wanted to harm him, he wouldn't hold back either!
At this moment, he was still suppressing his anger and obediently followed the two inspectors into Xunming Mountain.
As they walked along the mountain path, a pitch-black building appeared before their eyes. On top of it hung a signboard with the words' Disciplinary Hall 'written on it.
Luo Zheng's ears were sensitive. He heard the sound of whips lashing continuously coming from inside the building, as well as the sound of people yelling. He guessed that the people in the Disciplinary Hall were torturing the disciples who violated the sect rules.
After Luo Zheng entered the Disciplinary Hall, he saw a middle-aged man wearing a purple-gold flying fish robe sitting at the front of the hall. That middle-aged man had a square face, his complexion was dark, and his expression was solemn and dignified.
The two inspectors brought Luo Zheng to the front and back of the hall. The middle-aged man heavily slammed a square piece of wood in his hand, making a crisp sound. Then he shouted sternly, "Kneel first!"
"Kneel?" The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curved upwards, "I kneel to the heavens, to the earth, and to my parents, but I never kneel to anything else!"
"You!" The middle-aged man's face turned cold, "People who don't know the rules often die miserably!"
"Rules? Kneeling in the Disciplinary Hall, who set the rule? Is it the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master? Or is it you? "Luo Zheng asked in return.
Back then, for the sake of understanding Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng even learned a bit about this Disciplinary Hall together with Xunming Mountain.
It was rumored that Xunming Mountain didn't have such great authority in the beginning. Only, as the Blue Cloud Sect developed, it slowly developed to this point. For the sake of better interrogating those disciples, this Disciplinary Hall copied the methods of Burning Sky Emperor Dynasty's yamen.
However, the Blue Cloud Sect's rules actually didn't have these types of rules.
As a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng naturally only followed the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect. As for the rules of this Disciplinary Hall, what kind of things were they?
This middle-aged man was precisely the Disciplinary Hall's vice hall master, his name Qin Mu. During these years, even if there weren't a thousand, there were still eight hundred disciples who had been interrogated by him. However, he had never seen a thorn that dared speak to him like this.
He was just about to get angry, about to let this brat have a taste of his own medicine. However, when he thought of the matter the other party gave him, his expression changed slightly, immediately saying, "It's fine if you don't kneel. Do you know why I summoned you today?"
"I don't!" Luo Zheng shook his head.
He indeed didn't know what kind of sect rule he violated to be summoned here.
Ever since he participated in the Monster Slaying Trial, Luo Zheng never returned to the Blue Cloud Sect again. Meanwhile, this time, he didn't even go up to Xiao Yufeng, he was directly brought over by those two inspectors. Luo Zheng racked his brains, but he still couldn't figure out what kind of crime he committed.
Qin Mu chuckled. "You really don't know?"
"If I don't know, then I don't know. Why would I go to the trouble of deceiving you?!" Luo Zheng said with an indifferent expression. He didn't fear crooked shadows, so he naturally didn't feel the slightest bit of guilt.
"Hmph, if you don't know, then I'll tell you!" Qin Mu suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "A few days ago, you participated in the Monster Slaying Trial, but you colluded with the Demon Clan, vainly attempting to kill our Blue Cloud Sect's disciple, Zhuge Ye! This kind of colluding with the Demon Clan to murder your fellow sect member is a serious crime. Even a thousand cuts wouldn't be enough! "
Hearing the three words Zhuge Ye, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
Sigh, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart. These people really didn't have any scruples. Even if they wanted to take his life, they could have just casually made up a crime, which would be much better than this. However, they just had to accuse him of colluding with the Demon Clan …
The Burning Sky Dynasty and the Demon Clan had fought against each other for thousands of years. Colluding with the Demon Clan was a very big taboo for humans. This was a serious crime that could lead to the extermination of an entire clan!
However, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest hint of panic. The guy in front of him obviously didn't know anything, but he still made up such a strange crime to punish him. Obviously, he was instructed by someone else. Luo Zheng guessed that the most likely culprit was someone from the Family Zhuge. It was very likely that it was Zhuge Feng who was called the Crazy Three.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "You said that I colluded with the Demon Clan. I want to know, how do you want to deal with me?"
Qin Mu said coldly, "This kind of serious crime is a disaster that can lead to the extermination of an entire clan. However, I've already investigated and found that no one from the Luo Clan was involved. You can just obediently accept your punishment!"
Luo Zheng suddenly took two steps forward, stared at Qin Mu, and said with a smile, "My life is right here. Whoever wants to take it away will have to rely on their ability. If you have the ability, then come and take it. Don't use these rules and regulations to find excuses, because you're not qualified!"
A small Disciplinary Hall wanted to convict Luo Zheng with just a few words? Too naive!
Therefore, Luo Zheng simply made their purpose clear. If they wanted to fight, then let's fight. It was too boring to beat around the bush and pin a crime on him! Luo Zheng also didn't have time to dawdle with them.
Qin Mu's face became very ugly. He sneered a few times, and suddenly said to Luo Zheng, "In that case, come! Give me the Heaven's Ultimate Rod, I want to beat you to death! "
As soon as Qin Mu's voice fell, four people walked out from the Disciplinary Hall. They held four dazzling long rods in their hands. This Heaven's Ultimate Rod was made from a type of strange wood, as hard as metal. More importantly, this type of strange wood could easily penetrate true essence.
Even if one used true essence to protect the body, this Heaven's Ultimate Rod could still easily penetrate true essence and strike the flesh. Even if it was a Xiantian expert, they would still be beaten to death!
In fact, right now, Qin Mu also felt a bit guilty. His Disciplinary Hall didn't have the qualifications to take someone's life. According to the Blue Cloud Sect's rules, unless a disciple committed a great crime of betraying the sect, they could be directly executed. However, this still had to be approved by the higher ups of the Blue Cloud Sect. Other crimes were normally banished to Purgatory Mountain.
However, since he was entrusted by someone, his goal was precisely to take Luo Zheng's life!
If the Disciplinary Hall wanted to take someone's life, they also had a flexible method. They couldn't kill you, but they could beat you to death. This was also a flexible method.
If Luo Zheng resisted, then the Disciplinary Hall could even kill him. If he didn't resist, then he would really be beaten to death by rod after rod!
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already made preparations for battle. No matter who it was, if they wanted to take his life, they would have to pay a terrible price. Even if it was a colossus like the Blue Cloud Sect, it was no exception!
However, when he saw the four people from the Disciplinary Hall come in with rods in their hands, he immediately became happy.
He, Luo Zheng, wasn't afraid of being beaten the least …
Now that he had broken through to the Xiantian realm, he was worried that no one would beat him!
Since this was the case, Luo Zheng also temporarily gave up on resisting. He would take this rod first and think about other things later.
＝＝＝＝＝