Luo Zheng stood in his original place and didn't even operate his Life Genuine Yuan.
The four executioners, holding Tian Jue Cudgel, stood in four different positions and suddenly swung it towards Luo Zheng.
The strength of these four executioners was at the Xiantian fifth stage, so their strength was not small. What's more, the Tian Jue Cudgel was extremely heavy.
"Puff! Puff! Puff! Puff! "
The Tian Jue Cudgel hit Luo Zheng's body, making a dull sound.
"This Admonition Hall really has some methods. If I were an ordinary Xiantian life form, I'm afraid I would be beaten to death after several hundred hits." Luo Zheng stood in his original place, as motionless as a mountain. He thought to himself, "Unfortunately, my body is a middle-grade spiritual weapon. The strength of these cudgel attacks is moderate and can't hurt me at all."
On the contrary, under the continuous beating of the cudgel, a warm current was generated from Luo Zheng's body and unceasingly infiltrated Luo Zheng's dantian.
The four Xiantian life forms were beating him so hard. This kind of opportunity was very rare!
"Puff! Puff! Puff! "
The four Xiantian life forms hit Luo Zheng more than a hundred times in one breath.
Luo Zheng remained unmoved. He stood in the same spot and looked at Qin Mu with an indifferent expression.
Qin Mu was somewhat puzzled. This Tian Jue Cudgel was a sharp weapon to deal with Xiantian life forms. In the past, countless Xiantian life forms had been beaten half to death by this Tian Jue Cudgel. Why did this guy take so many hits and look as if nothing had happened?
"Hit him harder!" Qin Mu shouted.
These four executioners were masters of Xiantian fifth stage, and the strength in their bodies was endless and their strength was extremely heavy. After Qin Mu spoke, the strength in their hands suddenly increased by 30%, and after a while, fine beads of sweat appeared on the foreheads of these four executioners. It could be imagined how much effort they had put into the execution.
"Puff puff puff …"
When these sticks hit Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng felt incomparably comfortable. His heart was blooming with joy. Ah, the warm current soaked into his Dantian. This feeling was too comfortable, too cool.
If he were to be hit by the rod all day long, allowing the warm current to cleanse his Dantian, it wouldn't take long for him to advance from the first layer of the Xiantian Realm to the second layer of the Xiantian Realm …
Unfortunately, such a good thing didn't happen often. He still had to seize the opportunity.
If they found out that something was wrong, he would lose the chance to be beaten. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed, and he started to scream.
"Ah … Wah …" Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and screamed again and again, as if he couldn't support himself anymore.
Seeing this, Qin Mu's face lit up with excitement. This kid finally couldn't take it anymore. He shouted again and again, "Beat him! Beat him hard!"
If Luo Zheng was beaten to death here, Qin Mu would be in some trouble. After all, the Admonition Hall didn't have the right to execute a disciple.
But this was not a big problem for Qin Mu. Anyway, someone would help him block it.
"Ah, ah …"
The Tian Jue Stick hit Luo Zheng again and again, and Luo Zheng's screams echoed in the Admonition Hall.
After one or two thousand hits, the executioners, who had used all their strength, were exhausted. At the same time, they also found that something was wrong.
After being beaten for so long, Luo Zheng's legs were still firmly standing in the same place. Although the expression on his face was painful, his complexion was still very good. How did this look like he was being beaten? On the contrary, he looked like he was enjoying it. What was going on?
Qin Mu also found that something was wrong. This kid's screams had basically never changed. They were always "Ah, Wah, Ya". Even the intonation was exactly the same. Wasn't this too fake? Was this kid not afraid of being beaten?
How could this be?
Qin Mu would believe it if this Tian Jue Stick didn't have any effect on God State warriors. But previously, countless Xiantian creatures had been beaten black and blue by this Tian Jue Stick and knelt down to beg for mercy.
Why didn't it have any effect when it came to Luo Zheng?
Impossible!
"Beat him hard for me! I can't do it. Are you really not afraid of being beaten? "
The four executioners worked harder, and the strength of the stick increased by a few degrees.
With such great strength, if it hit a stone, it would be smashed into powder. If it hit a metal, it would be smashed into a dent. But it just couldn't leave a single mark on Luo Zheng's body!
Even Xiantian lifeforms didn't have limitless strength. After using all their strength to beat them up, the four executioners finally lost their strength and became powerless.
After squeezing out all the strength of the four executioners, Luo Zheng removed his disguise and said with a grin, "Beat me, continue beating me. I haven't had enough fun yet!"
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Qin Mu sucked in a breath of cold air. Only then did he realize that he had probably encountered a monster.
The four executioners were also dumbfounded at this moment. Holding the Tian Jue Stick, they were in a dilemma.
If they continued to beat him, this kid was not afraid of being beaten at all. It turned out that they were wasting their strength. If they stopped, Qin Mu didn't order them to stop …
Therefore, they waved the Tian Jue Stick even more powerlessly.
"Since you don't have enough strength, I think you'd better stop!" Luo Zheng sighed and shook his head. The strength of his whole body suddenly surged, and his body suddenly trembled.
When the Tian Jue Stick hit Luo Zheng's body, it was immediately shaken off by this huge force. It broke into several pieces and fell to the ground.
Then Luo Zheng gently pulled with his hands, and the thorny ring formed by Zhen Yuan that bound his hands was easily broken.
"My time is very precious. I didn't come back to the Blue Cloud Sect to talk nonsense with you here. I know who instigated you to do this, but I advise you not to interfere. Otherwise, it'll be too late for regrets!" Luo Zheng pointed at Qin Mu in the hall and said sternly. After saying this, he turned around and left!
The purpose of Luo Zheng joining the Blue Cloud Sect was not to participate in this farce.
"How, how dare you! How dare you resist in public? How dare you rebel! " Seeing Luo Zheng leave like this, Qin Mu was immediately overjoyed. Just now, he really didn't know what to do with Luo Zheng. He really didn't have a good reason to attack Luo Zheng.
Even if Luo Zheng colluded with the Demon Clan and wanted to frame him with this crime and execute him, this right was not in Qin Mu's hands. Therefore, he fabricated this crime in the hope of beating this brat to death. However, this brat's body was made of some unknown material, so he wasn't afraid of being beaten at all.
If Luo Zheng obediently listened to him, Qin Mu really had no way to deal with him.
However, Luo Zheng openly resisted and didn't put the Admonition Hall in his eyes at all. This gave Qin Mu enough reason!
"You dare to resist the Admonition Hall and even want to escape on the spot. According to the rules, I'll kill you on the spot!" Qin Mu said loudly. A judge's pen appeared in his hand, and he was about to rush towards Luo Zheng's back.
At the same time, a figure suddenly flashed through the door and said with a smile, "Oh, I accidentally passed by here. Hall Master Qin, why are you shouting here?"
This person was Zhuge Feng!
Zhuge Feng hated Luo Zheng to the core.
Not only Zhuge Feng, but Luo Zheng also beat Zhuge Ye half to death in the Demon Slaying Trial. He also killed Zhuge Qingyun, an important chess piece that the Zhuge Family had set up in the Imperial Army!
This matter made the entire Zhuge Family very angry. The elders in the family had already said that if they saw Luo Zheng, no matter what method they used, they would take his life first.
Therefore, Zhuge Feng thought of this method. He asked Qin Mu to send people to guard Xiao Yufeng. When Luo Zheng appeared, they would bring him to Xunming Mountain and frame him with a crime regardless of the consequences.
No matter if he confessed or not, they would first find an opportunity to beat him to death.
If Luo Zheng didn't resist, they would beat him to death. If he resisted, it would be even better. Although killing was forbidden in the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, if Luo Zheng disobeyed the Admonition Hall's order, they could kill him on the spot in the Blue Cloud Sect!
This was a dead-end that was specially set up for Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng was openly rebelling, Zhuge Feng naturally "coincidentally" passed by this place. Naturally, this was his purpose.
For the Family Zhuge, it was too easy to kill an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Young Master Zhuge Feng! This guy didn't listen to the Admonition Hall's order. He openly resisted and even wanted to escape. I hope you can help me! "Qin Mu said very cooperatively.
After Luo Zheng saw Zhuge Feng, he turned his head to Qin Mu and sneered, "It's just a show. Do you need to be so serious?"
Zhuge Feng laughed, "Whether you're serious or not, you're going to die today! I'll let you watch a show. Just treat it as the last bit of enjoyment in your life! "
After saying this, Zhuge Feng's Qi suddenly increased. In Zhuge Feng's opinion, Luo Zheng was doomed today. Even the Heavens couldn't save him.
Facing a pincer attack, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest hint of panic.
Zhuge Feng wasn't a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. Looking at Zhuge Feng's Qi, it seemed that his strength had increased during this time. However, he was only at Xiantian Stage Nine and hadn't reached Xiantian Full Circle.
Qin Mu's strength was about the same as Zhuge Feng's.
As long as his opponent wasn't a Divine Reflection Realm warrior, Luo Zheng's current strength was enough to deal with him!
Waves of black True Essence gushed out from the acupuncture points on Luo Zheng's arms.
"Zhuge Feng, last time I said that my life is in my hands. If you want to take it, go ahead and try … Unfortunately, you've missed your chance!" The Heavenly Demon's True Essence pulsed in Luo Zheng's hands. The fine purple-black True Essence emitted a dangerous Qi, as if it could devour a person's life at any time. "With your current strength, you're no longer qualified to take my life. On the contrary, as long as I feel like it, I can take your life at any time!"
If it had been at the auction house, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been able to say this to Zhuge Feng. At that time, Luo Zheng was indeed no match for Zhuge Feng.
But now, Luo Zheng had broken through the Half-step Xiantian realm and become a Xiantian lifeform!
From True Qi to True Essence, it was a qualitative transformation!
Not to mention, he had also visualized the Sun, Moon, and Stars Diagram and taken away the fortune of the stars. The power of his Heavenly Demon's True Essence had increased by leaps and bounds.
Zhuge Feng's face darkened. Indeed, he felt that Luo Zheng's entire body had undergone a transformation. However, Zhuge Feng was able to make a name for himself in the Blue Cloud Sect. His own strength was also not bad, not to mention that his strength had increased recently. "Haha, arrogant boy, you've only broken through to Xiantian Stage One, yet you're already so arrogant. I really don't know if you'll have the chance to break through to Divine Reflection Realm in the future. Will you destroy my Family Zhuge? But I don't think you'll have that chance, because you won't live past today! "