"How dare you!" Zhuge Feng was infuriated by Luo Zheng's arrogant words.
At this moment, the sound of something piercing through the air could be heard.
"Whoosh!"
A thin and thin willow leaf dart flew towards Luo Zheng from the side of the door.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He stretched out his finger and lightly pushed the willow leaf dart away.
Then, an enchanting and graceful figure walked in from the door. "Brother Feng, kill him!"
That woman was Zhuo Fei, whom he met at the auction that day. He didn't expect her to have such a fiery temper despite her delicate appearance. Before Zhuge Feng could make his move, she had already made her move.
Since his woman had made the first move, Zhuge Feng naturally followed suit. An orange light flashed in Zhuge Feng's hand, and a giant sword condensed in his hand.
It was the Family Zhuge's most powerful Heaven Level Ultimate Skill, "Seven Mysterious Demonic Sword". After the giant sword condensed in Zhuge Feng's hand, Zhuge Feng casually tossed it out. The orange-red giant sword naturally floated in the air and faced Luo Zheng.
The strange thing was that there seemed to be an invisible shadow holding the giant sword.
There was more than one giant sword.
After Zhuge Feng summoned a giant sword, the orange light in his hand continued to flash, and more giant swords appeared one after another.
Finally, seven giant swords appeared beside Zhuge Feng. Behind each of these giant swords, there was an invisible shadow holding the giant sword.
"Go!"
The seven invisible swordsmen raised their giant swords and rushed towards Luo Zheng under Zhuge Feng's command.
Some of the swords stabbed horizontally, while others chopped vertically. The seven invisible swordsmen worked together to seal off all directions of Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Concubine Zhuo's figure flickered as she flicked her jade-like hands. Willow leaf darts flickered with the light of death as they flew towards Luo Zheng.
Behind Luo Zheng, Qin Mu naturally didn't dare to fall behind. He had received a huge benefit from the Family Zhuge, so at this moment, he also put in some effort. The Magistrate Brush in his hand flew high up in the air. Using his Zhen Yuan as the brush and ink, he wrote a huge character in the air.
"Seal!"
As soon as the word 'seal' appeared, it immediately disappeared into thin air. In a flash, it arrived in front of Luo Zheng. Unexpectedly, it arrived before Zhuge Feng's seven giant swords and Zhuo Fei's willow leaf darts.
When the word "seal" arrived in front of Luo Zheng, the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence in Luo Zheng's hand suddenly disappeared.
"Heh heh, my 'seal' formula can seal your Vital Essence. Let's see what you're going to use to resist!" Qin Mu proudly laughed.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change in the slightest. Since this' seal 'formula could seal Vital Essence, it was a kind of boundary. Then, the' blood jade crystal 'in his arm wouldn't be useless either!
"Humph, insignificant skill. Break for me!" Luo Zheng swung his left fist and smashed it towards the huge 'seal' character.
"It's useless. Trying to break my seal with brute force is simply wishful thinking!" Qin Mu shook his head, his face full of disapproval.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng's fist touched that huge 'seal' character, a blood-colored energy gushed out. That blood-colored energy stained that 'seal' character, immediately leaving red spiderweb-like cracks on its surface.
Then, Luo Zheng's fist smashed on top of it.
"Crackle …"
That 'seal' character was instantly smashed into pieces by Luo Zheng and disappeared completely.
Luo Zheng looked at Qin Tian as if he was looking at an idiot. Then, he skillfully turned over and dodged Zhuo Fei's Willow Leaf Darts.
These Willow Leaf Darts didn't pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng. Zhuo Fei's strength wasn't considered strong. Even if she was hit by the Willow Leaf Darts, it would only cause a little trouble for Luo Zheng.
The real threat came from the seven huge swords summoned by Zhuge Feng. These huge swords were quite powerful.
To be able to be rated as a Heaven Rank Technique, it naturally had its own uniqueness.
Those seven huge swords were controlled by seven invisible shadows. Facing seven swordsmen that didn't exist, anyone would have a headache.
Although they could dodge those huge swords, there was nothing behind the huge swords. How could they destroy those huge swords?
This problem might be quite troublesome for others, but for Luo Zheng, he already had a way to solve it.
"Whoosh whoosh!"
A huge sword chopped down towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He stretched out his hand and actually caught the sword with his bare hands. He used the simplest and most practical move, "Bare Hands Against White Blade"!
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng's hands firmly caught the huge sword!
Zhuge Feng narrowed his eyes and pointed, "You can catch one of my swords. Not bad, not bad. It's a pity that you only have one pair of hands. How are you going to catch the other six swords?"
Under Zhuge Feng's command, the other six huge swords chopped towards Luo Zheng from different directions.
"If I can't catch them, then I won't!" Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. The Sky Demon Zhenyuan in his hand surged out and entered the huge sword in his hand.
After a while, the huge sword slowly changed color from orange to purplish black.
When Luo Zheng released his hand, the huge sword was already in Luo Zheng's hands.
Luo Zheng drew a circle with his finger. The huge sword also followed suit and moved horizontally in front of Luo Zheng.
"Clang clang clang clang!"
Zhuge Feng's other six huge swords chopped down on the purplish black huge sword. The fierce attacks were all blocked by the purplish black huge sword.
Seeing this scene, Zhuge Feng's face suddenly changed. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to take away his huge sword!
What kind of strange technique was Luo Zheng practicing?
Zhuge Feng didn't have time to think. At this moment, he only wanted to kill Luo Zheng. Although he lost a huge sword, he still had six huge swords.
Therefore, Zhuge Feng waved his hand again. The six huge swords were lifted up by the invisible swordsmen again. They were ready to attack Luo Zheng again!
However, at this moment, purplish black spots suddenly appeared on the surface of the six huge swords. These spots kept expanding and soon covered the entire sword.
"What's going on!"
Zhuge Feng's eyes widened. The scene in front of him was so unbelievable. Almost at the same time, he felt that he had lost contact with the remaining six huge swords.
He watched helplessly as the six huge swords all turned purplish black …
Luo Zheng looked at Zhuge Feng indifferently. "I said before that you are no longer qualified to take my life. With your current strength, you should run away when you see me. Unfortunately … you are not that smart!"
After the Sky Demon Zhenyuan was converted into Sky Demon Zhenyuan, the devouring power contained in it became purer and more terrifying. The devouring speed also increased greatly.
When Luo Zheng used the first huge sword to block the slashes of the other six huge swords, the blade of the first huge sword clashed with the blades of the other six huge swords.
At this moment, the Sky Demon Zhenyuan in the first huge sword flowed through the gap in the blade and into the other six huge swords of Zhuge Feng.
Although only a trace of the Sky Demon Zhenyuan entered each of the six huge swords, it was already enough.
The Sky Demon Zhenyuan would continuously devour Zhuge Feng's Zhenyuan and the amount would increase exponentially. Therefore, the control of the six huge swords was quickly handed over to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng waved his hands and the seven huge swords revolved around him non-stop. Then, all the huge swords rushed towards Luo Zheng's head.
At this moment, Zhuo Fei had not given up on attacking Luo Zheng. She waved her hand and threw out ten willow leaf darts. However, Luo Zheng only looked at the fiery and flirtatious woman indifferently. He smiled coldly and waved a huge sword in front of Luo Zheng, easily knocking down the willow leaf darts.
Then, the huge sword returned to the formation.
Luo Zheng continued waving his hands. The seven huge swords pointed upwards and spun faster and faster. They also got closer and closer to each other. Finally, they stuck together and formed a huge sword.
"Ah, this is … the Sky Sword! How could you possibly understand our Family Zhuge's' Seven Profound Demonic Sword '! "Zhuge Feng's face was full of disbelief.
It turned out that the last move of the Heaven Class' Seven Profound Demonic Sword 'was the combination of seven swords. It was called the "Sky Sword" and was the most powerful killing move of the' Seven Profound Demonic Sword '. This killing move was extremely difficult to cultivate and could only be completed after reaching the Divine Reflection Realm.
Therefore, Zhuge Feng himself could not use it. Only some of the Divine Reflection Realm elders in his Family Zhuge could use it.
However, after Luo Zheng took away his seven huge swords, he actually combined them into one and used the true Sky Sword!
No wonder Zhuge Feng was so shocked.
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't understand the 'Seven Profound Demonic Sword' cultivation method. As for the 'Heavenly Sword', it was just a formality. Luo Zheng had only used the characteristics of the Heavenly Demon True Essence to fuse the seven swords together.
The real 'Sky Sword' contained a trace of the Heavenly Dao's true meaning! How could Luo Zheng comprehend it now?
However, although the huge sword above Luo Zheng's head did not contain the Heavenly Dao's true meaning, its power and size gave people a strong sense of oppression.
It was this oppressive feeling that scared Zhuge Feng. He stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng understood the 'Sky Sword'.
Zhuge Feng knew the power of the 'Sky Sword' the best. He had seen with his own eyes the 'Heavenly Dao' brought about a strong sense of oppression when his elders used the 'Sky Sword'.
The scared Zhuge Feng did not have the ability to distinguish the power of the huge sword. He did not know if it was the 'Heavenly Dao'. Facing the huge sword, he ran away.
"You want to run? It's too late! " Luo Zheng waved his hand and the huge sword that was one zhang long and several meters wide slashed towards Zhuge Feng.
"Ah, you can't do that. If you kill him, I won't hesitate to die!" Qin Mu did not expect that Luo Zheng would really dare to kill Zhuge Feng. Did this brat really not have any scruples? Who could protect him after killing Zhuge Feng in the Blue Cloud Sect?
"Brother Feng, don't run. Fight him!" Zhuo Fei's eyes also burst out with a blood-red color. She must have activated some kind of secret technique. Her snow-white skin also turned scarlet. Her entire body was bathed in a strange demonic aura. The willow leaf darts in her hand were also stained with a bloody aura.
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng snorted coldly. His huge sword blocked the willow leaf darts with a slight wave. At the same time, it devoured all the bloody aura from the willow leaf darts.
The huge sword swept across. The huge sword was like a door, slapping Zhuo Fei's enchanting body that many men yearned for day and night.
"Boom!"