Behind Luo Zheng, Qin Mu also used his Magistrate Pen to write rapidly in the air. A large "Kill" character appeared in an instant, and then he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Qin Mu was also anxious at this moment. If Zhuge Feng was really killed by Luo Zheng, his responsibility would not be small. If the Family Zhuge was really angered, then he, Qin Mu, would inevitably be implicated!
Facing the "Kill" character formed by condensed Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng did not even turn his head. He used his left elbow to hit the "Kill" character heavily.
"Bang …"
The "Kill" character was instantly smashed into pieces by Luo Zheng's elbow.
"Zhuge Feng, to think that you have the nickname of a madman. How dare you abandon your own woman?" Luo Zheng continued to chase with his sword.
Zhuge Feng usually gave people the impression that he was a madman, but that was also a manifestation of his strength.
Only the strong had the right to be crazy, and only the strong had the right to be arrogant!
However, at this moment, Zhuge Feng discovered that he was incomparably weak in front of Luo Zheng. He was no match for Luo Zheng!
It shouldn't be, it shouldn't be. He was just a guy who had just entered the Xiantian realm. How could he be so strong? Zhuge Feng had long been scared out of his wits. He ran as fast as he could, wholeheartedly trying to get rid of Luo Zheng. He simply did not dare to turn around and fight.
However, Luo Zheng continued to chase after Zhuge Feng. He did not have the slightest intention of letting him go.
"Zhuge Feng, it's useless to run away. I want to know what you're going to use to take my life!" Luo Zheng controlled his huge sword and chased after Zhuge Feng from behind.
The two rushed out of the Admonition Hall one after the other, and ran madly on Xunming Mountain.
"Luo Zheng, if you dare to kill me, you will become the enemy of my Family Zhuge. You are just a nobody, how can you fight against my family?" In order to escape, Zhuge Feng could only bring up his family.
"Even Zhuge Qingyun was killed by me. I don't mind killing Zhuge Feng as well!" Luo Zheng replied.
"That's different. Zhuge Qingyun is different from me. I am the hope of my clan, and no one can kill me!" Zhuge Feng even sounded like he was about to cry. If it wasn't for the fact that he still had the dignity of the aristocratic family in his mind, he would have knelt down and begged for mercy.
"Really? Just because you said no, I can't? Let me see if I can kill you or not! "Luo Zheng waved his hand and raised his huge sword. He slashed at Zhuge Feng from behind.
"No!"
At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the sky. The voice was like thunder, shaking Luo Zheng and the others' eardrums.
When Luo Zheng heard the voice, his face instantly turned gloomy.
On the other hand, Zhuge Feng was delighted. He recognized the voice and quickly shouted, "Zhenren Tianqiong, come and save me!"
"You don't have the chance. No Perfected Person can save you now!" The huge sword drew a huge arc in the sky and slashed at Zhuge Feng's head.
"Brat, if you kill Zhuge Feng, no one in the Blue Cloud Sect will be able to protect you. You will pay a hundredfold for this!" Zhenren Tianqiong rapidly approached Zhuge Feng in the sky. However, he was still a distance away from Zhuge Feng. It was already too late for him to save Zhuge Feng. He could only threaten Luo Zheng and hope that Luo Zheng would stop.
Luo Zheng's huge sword only slowed down a little. He then said indifferently, "In this world, there are too many people who like to threaten me. Therefore, I hate it when people threaten me. Therefore, Zhuge Feng must die!"
"You!" Zhenren Tianqiong's face was filled with anger. It was obvious that he was angered by Luo Zheng's arrogant words. "Arrogant brat, you will pay the price!"
"No matter what the price is, Zhuge Feng must die!" After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the huge sword no longer hesitated and slashed down.
"Puchi!"
Zhuge Feng's body was instantly split into two by the huge sword. Blood flowed all over the ground. Now, even if an immortal came, it would be impossible to save him.
If Zhenren Tianqiong's attitude was better and he didn't threaten Luo Zheng but used other methods to persuade Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng might have held back. However, in the face of Zhenren Tianqiong's threat, it was useless except for increasing Luo Zheng's hatred towards Zhuge Feng.
"You're courting death, brat. How dare you kill people in the Blue Cloud Sect. Die!" Zhenren Tianqiong saw that Luo Zheng didn't listen to his advice and continued to attack Zhuge Feng. He was extremely angry.
In the sky, Zhenren Tianqiong stretched out his palm and slammed it down towards Luo Zheng's head.
Zhenren Tianqiong's hand was bony and looked like a withered branch. When the palm slammed down, it instantly enlarged and turned into a palm shadow that was dozens of feet in size!
This palm shadow was extremely powerful and it enveloped Luo Zheng.
The rocks and flowers around Luo Zheng were all turned into powder under the pressure. The ground around Luo Zheng caved in, forming a sunken palm print.
This pressure almost made Luo Zheng breathless.
The palm shadow had not yet fallen, but it already had such power. If it completely covered him, his body wouldn't be able to withstand it!
In a moment of desperation, he controlled the huge black sword and shot it towards the huge palm shadow!
When the huge black sword collided with the palm shadow, the huge black sword scattered. The huge sword couldn't do anything to the palm shadow.
Even with the devouring property of the Sky Demon's Vital Energy, it couldn't do anything to the palm shadow. A sense of crisis that he had never felt before arose in Luo Zheng's heart.
After the huge black sword dissipated, the palm shadow continued to descend. At this moment, Luo Zheng saw bits of starlight floating above the palm shadow.
"That's the power of the stars from the Sun-Moon-Stars Map!" A thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, but he had forgotten about the power of these stars. Although the power of these stars was small individually, the power of annihilation produced when they exploded together was extremely terrifying. Would they be able to destroy that palm?
"Explode!"
With a thought, Luo Zheng controlled the stars to explode. At this moment, he had no other choice. Zhenren Tianqiong was too strong. He was far from being his opponent.
The power of the stars was suddenly released.
"Rumble …"
Every small star was emitting a large amount of annihilation energy!
If it was only a small star, it might not be able to destroy the huge palm shadow. However, when thousands of stars shattered, the annihilation energy emitted immediately destroyed the palm shadow.
In his rage, Zhenren Tianqiong didn't show any mercy. Zhenren Tianqiong's "World Destruction Palm" was his ultimate skill that allowed him to run amok in the world. He originally thought that with this palm, he would be able to smash the arrogant brat into powder.
However, he didn't expect that his palm would be completely destroyed in a burst of explosions!
"Hey, interesting brat. I was careless that I couldn't defeat you today!" Luo Zheng's resistance was undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire. At this moment, Zhenren Tianqiong was even more furious. He waved his bone-like hands again. Two palm shadows appeared from his hands and were about to strike Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He quickly retreated. Although he knew that he couldn't dodge, he would undoubtedly die miserably if he faced these two palms.
At this moment, a red glow flickered in the distance. Then, two green lights drifted over.
One of them stood on the Flying Chariot. Her purple clothes fluttered in the wind, and her black hair danced in the wind. Under that head of beautiful hair was a devastatingly beautiful face. She said loudly, "Zhenren Tianqiong, please show mercy!"
The woman's voice was indifferent and dignified. She was like a saintess in the human world, inviolable and inviolable.
She was Luo Zheng's mentor in Xiao Yufeng, Su Lingyun.
The other person was walking in the air with his hands behind his back. He had a head of white hair and an amiable expression. He was as kind as a grandpa next door. The old man said, "Tianqiong, stop!"
If it was only Su Lingyun, Zhenren Tianqiong might not have given her face.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong had to consider the words of the other old man. If he wanted to kill the brat below, it would be as easy as flipping his hand. He wasn't in a hurry. Thinking of this, Zhenren Tianqiong stopped and cupped his hands toward the amiable old man. However, his tone was still full of anger as he asked, "Yan Long, why do you want me to stop?"
The amiable old man was one of the top ten Spiritual Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Although Zhenren Tianqiong was also one of the top ten Spiritual Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect, Spiritual Master Yan Long was ranked third. Zhenren Tianqiong could only be ranked tenth.
Spiritual Master Yan Long had a faint smile on his face. He slowly floated over. His body was graceful like a living immortal. "Don't kill this brat first. You can't kill this brat!"
Zhenren Tianqiong disagreed. "This brat violated the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect. He killed someone in the Blue Cloud Sect. His crime is punishable by death. Why can't I kill him?"
"Because he's my disciple!" Su Lingyun stepped on the Flying Chariot and flew over. She said coldly, "My disciple committed a crime. Naturally, I should be the one to punish him. Moreover, you didn't understand the ins and outs of the matter. You killed him. How can such a method convince the public?"
Zhenren Tianqiong stared at Su Lingyun and laughed. "You … are that little girl in the palace?"
"So what if you are?" Su Lingyun's voice was even colder. Very few people dared to mention her identity in front of her. It was because everyone was wary of her.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong was not one of them. Obviously, he did not put Su Lingyun in his eyes. "I'm the Spiritual Master of the Blue Cloud Sect! I have the right to kill a disciple. As for whether I find out the truth or not, it has nothing to do with you! "
"Is that so? Do you think that the Blue Cloud Sect is in the clouds and above the Nine Heavens? I think the Blue Cloud Sect should be built on the land of the Burning Sky Dynasty! "Su Lingyun did not want to back down.
Zhenren Tianqiong used the Blue Cloud Sect to pressure Su Lingyun. However, Su Lingyun retorted. No matter how strong the Blue Cloud Sect was, no matter how powerful the Blue Cloud Sect was, they could not separate themselves from the Burning Sky Dynasty. Su Lingyun's surname was Su, and the one in the Burning Sky Dynasty was also surnamed Su.
This dynasty was surnamed Su!
"Hehe, hehe, a little girl who lost her power and favor. Since when can she represent the royal family and the one in the Burning Sky Palace?" Zhenren Tianqiong sneered.
"Tianqiong! Don't talk nonsense! " Spiritual Master Yan Long interrupted Zhenren Tianqiong. Obviously, Zhenren Tianqiong said something he should not have said.
Zhenren Tianqiong did not back down. "What? Yan Long, am I wrong? "
＝＝＝＝＝