When Su Lingyun heard Zhenren Tianqiong's words, her expression immediately darkened. She seemed to have thought of something extremely sad. For a moment, she was actually speechless. That sorrowful expression on her face was even more heartbreaking.
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, a silver flash shot towards Zhenren Tianqiong from the ground.
Zhenren Tianqiong casually flicked his hand and deflected that flash of light.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng leapt over ten zhang high from the ground and accurately landed on Su Lingyun's Flying Chariot. Standing in front of Su Lingyun, he loudly cursed at Zhenren Tianqiong, "You old thief! Relying on your age to bully a little girl! Shameless, truly shameless! "
Su Lingyun was a few years older than Luo Zheng, but in any case, she was still Luo Zheng's mentor. In Luo Zheng's mouth, she had become a little girl. These words sounded a bit strange, but Zhenren Tianqiong had lived for more than sixty years. In front of Zhenren Tianqiong, Su Lingyun could only be considered a little girl.
Standing behind Luo Zheng, Su Lingyun could smell the waves of aura coming from Luo Zheng's body. Her heart trembled slightly.
The reason why she, Su Lingyun, came to the Blue Cloud Sect and stayed in Xiao Yufeng as a little mentor was no secret to the upper echelons of the Blue Cloud Sect and the great nobles.
However, this matter was no secret, but it was even more secretive than a secret!
No one had ever pointed it out in front of Su Lingyun.
After coming to Xiao Yufeng, Su Lingyun had hoped that she could forget as much as possible. She even wanted to act as if those things had never happened. She wanted to actively adapt to her new identity and role.
However, today, Zhenren Tianqiong had mercilessly pointed it out. For a moment, Su Lingyun had sunk into grief and was unable to extricate herself.
However, Luo Zheng's sudden appearance at this moment gave her a little bit of comfort.
"What did you say? What did you just say? Do you dare to say it again in front of me? " Zhenren Tianqiong was one of the top ten Perfected Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect. He lived like an immortal and lived like a prince. Who would dare to offend him like this in front of him? However, this brat actually dared to speak rudely to him. The hot-tempered Zhenren Tianqiong was instantly enraged and was about to attack.
"What? Am I right? You've lived for hundreds of years. If you're not an old thing, then what are you? Bullying my teacher? My teacher is only in his twenties. If he's not a little kid, what is he? What's there to be afraid of? " Luo Zheng asked as he spoke. His face was completely serious. After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng turned his head and asked, "Teacher Su, am I right?"
Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng's gaze and felt touched. Although this fellow had been causing trouble ever since he had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he was the first one to stand in front of her at this moment …
He was very good …
Su Lingyun nodded and said coldly to Zhenren Tianqiong, "That's right. What's there to be afraid of? Zhenren Tianqiong. Even if he said it a hundred times, a thousand times, and made it into a song or poem, so what?"
"You! Su Lingyun, do you think that I won't dare to kill someone in front of you because of your status? "Zhenren Tianqiong's expression was cold and his heart was filled with murderous intent.
Su Lingyun smiled slightly. Her eyes were filled with ruthlessness. "You dare, of course you dare. But do you dare to kill me?"
"Of course I don't dare to kill you. You have the body of a phoenix, a priceless body. But what if I kill the brat in front of you?" Zhenren Tianqiong said sternly.
"If you kill him, I won't be able to stop you, but …" Su Lingyun suddenly flipped her hand and a token appeared in her hand. The words "Son of Heaven" were engraved on the token. This was the legendary "Son of Heaven Token" that could command the person in the Burning Sky Palace!
"You recognize this token, right? If you kill him, I will use the Son of Heaven Token. I believe that even if Zhenren Tianqiong runs to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape from him! "Su Lingyun frowned. Her eyes contained a trace of ruthlessness. She wanted to fight to the death.
When Zhenren Tianqiong saw that there was no token, his entire aura suddenly stopped.
As a Perfected Person of the Blue Cloud Sect, even if he killed someone in front of the princess who had lost her power, it wouldn't be a big problem!
But …
The princess still had the Son of Heaven Token in her hands!
But the Son of Heaven Token was such a precious item. How could this little girl use it to protect an unimportant outer sect disciple?
"You're willing to waste the Son of Heaven Token for this brat?" Zhenren Tianqiong asked in a muffled voice. His aura had weakened greatly.
Su Lingyun said faintly, "Why don't you try and find out?"
Zhenren Tianqiong was stunned for a moment. Then, he gritted his teeth and said, "You're ruthless. But the Blue Cloud Sect is so big. I don't believe that you can protect him forever! Moreover, even if I don't pursue the matter today, the Blue Cloud Sect will. He killed someone in the sect and violated the sect rules. This is a matter that is set in stone. Even if you're the princess, you won't be able to protect him! "
"If Luo Zheng is in the wrong, of course I won't protect him. I'll punish him according to the Blue Cloud Sect's rules. But Tianqiong, as a Perfected Person, how can you explain wanting to kill Luo Zheng without knowing what's right and wrong?" Su Lingyun was very quick-witted. Now that Zhenren Tianqiong had changed the topic to the sect rules, Su Lingyun naturally had something to say.
Zhenren Tianqiong snorted coldly. He avoided the question and said, "No matter what, this brat must have an explanation for killing someone today!"
"Explanation? Old man, I just returned from the Demon Slaying Trial. Before I could go to Xiao Yufeng, I was brought here for no reason. They framed me for being in cahoots with the Demon Clan and tortured by Qin Mu. They saw that they couldn't kill me, so they colluded with Zhuge Feng to kill me! Did I just stand there and let them kill me? Let them kill me? " Luo Zheng retorted with a stern expression, "Let me ask you, if you were in the same situation, what would you do?"
"That's your own words. They can't be trusted!" After saying that, Zhenren Tianqiong slowly descended from the sky. He said to Qin Mu, who had been in a daze on the side, "Qin Mu, you're the judge of the Hall of Precepts. You have to explain clearly what happened today."
Qin Mu rolled his eyes and a sinister smile appeared on his face. "Great Perfected Tianqiong, don't listen to that brat's nonsense. Our Hall of Precepts received information that the brat was in cahoots with the Demon Clan during the Demon Slaying Trial. As the Hall of Precepts, we naturally have to be responsible for the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. If that brat was really possessed by a Demon General and sneaked into our Blue Cloud Sect, what should we do?"
Zhenren Tianqiong nodded. "Qin Mu, you did the right thing. Continue!"
"I didn't think that this brat wouldn't cooperate with our Hall of Precepts' inspection. When he came to our Hall of Precepts, not only did he speak rudely, he even spouted nonsense! Because his words were too abominable, I ordered people to punish him with a cane. I didn't think that he would turn around and run away. He must have had a guilty conscience! Coincidentally, the Third Young Master of the Family Zhuge Family was passing by. I asked him for help, but I didn't think that Luo Zheng would actually kill him! He killed Zhuge Feng … What happened next, Zhenren Tianqiong, you've already seen it. "After Qin Mu finished speaking, a smile appeared on his face. Qin Mu often used slandering and framing others. He was already familiar with these methods. Therefore, these words came out of his mouth easily.
Zhenren Tianqiong raised his head and said to Yan Long Zhenren, "Yan Long, you heard it. This brat clearly ignored the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect and killed someone on the spot. How do you think he should be punished?"
Hearing Qin Mu's words, Luo Zheng said angrily, "Qin Mu, you're spouting nonsense. Do you dare to swear on your words?!"
"If I, Qin Mu, ever speak a single lie, I will be struck by lightning and be struck to death by five bolts of lightning." Qin Mu said with a smile on his face. He had casually made such a vicious oath that went against his heart without the slightest hesitation.
"What do you think?" Zhenren Tianqiong's aura slowly recovered. "This brat deserves to be punished!"
Yan Long Zhenren was in a dilemma. According to what Qin Mu said, the evidence was conclusive. Although he, Yan Long, was a Zhenren of the Blue Cloud Sect, but when establishing a sect, there were many things that couldn't be settled with favors. He still had to act within the rules. Otherwise, the entire Blue Cloud Sect would be in chaos.
If what Qin Mu said was true, then he, Yan Long Zhenren, really didn't have a better way to protect Luo Zheng.
But thinking about Su Lingyun's personality, Yan Long Zhenren also had a headache.
What Yan Long Zhenren didn't expect was that Su Lingyun suddenly said, "Okay, since that's the case, I request for a trial!"
"Open a trial? Hmph, you're talking about it lightly! What qualifications does this brat have for the Blue Cloud Sect to conduct a trial? "Zhenren Tianqiong said coldly.
The so-called trial was to conduct a trial for a serious violation of the sect's rules. However, under normal circumstances, the trial wouldn't be open to an outer sect disciple. Normally, it would only be open to the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Yan Long Zhenren was also in a difficult position, "It's been more than two years since the last trial. Isn't it a little …"
"I insist on a trial," Su Lingyun said stubbornly, "Zhenren Tianqiong, since you think that the evidence is conclusive, don't tell me you don't dare?"
"Don't dare?" Zhenren Tianqiong laughed, "Why wouldn't I dare? This Luo Zheng killed the third young master of the Family Zhuge. I saw it with my own eyes. Why wouldn't I dare?"
"Since that's the case, I'll go and apply for a trial. As for other matters, there's no need for the two of you to worry about it." Su Lingyun said plainly. Within her cold eyes, there was a trace of cunning.
"Okay, then we'll let this guy live for two more days. However, during these two days, you can't take him away. He must be locked up in Xun Ming Mountain!" Zhenren Tianqiong said.
Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng, "There's no other way. You have to hold on for two more days. Don't worry, once the trial starts, no one will dare to wrong you!"
Luo Zheng looked at Su Lingyun and laughed, "Instructor Su, I'm not worried about anything. My life is worthless. If anyone wants to take my life, they can come and take it. Let's see if they have the ability to do so!" Luo Zheng deliberately looked at Zhenren Tianqiong provocatively.
Then, Su Lingyun slowly lowered the flying chariot from mid-air. Since they agreed to a trial, Luo Zheng still had to be detained in Xun Ming Mountain.
Before Luo Zheng left Su Lingyun, he suddenly remembered something. He asked in a low voice, "Instructor Su, I want to know, who was the one who tried the trial two years ago?"
Su Lingyun was silent for a while. Then, she spat out two words, "Luo Yan."
Luo Zheng forced a smile and continued to ask, "Who was the one who led the trial? Who was the one who proposed the trial?"
"Can we talk about this later?" Su Lingyun shook her head. She didn't want to answer this question.