Being stared at by Luo Zheng like this, Su Lingyun felt like she was being roasted by two balls of fire. After a while, she said: "The one who brought the case is the Yun family. The one in charge of the trial is Zhenren Tianqiong, and the other is Daoist Zhi Shui."
"Oh, I see!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled. When he turned his head to look at Zhenren Tianqiong, his eyes were filled with endless killing intent!
Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't let the Yun family go.
But this Zhenren Tianqiong and Daoist Zhi Shui in front of him, Luo Zheng wouldn't let them go either.
Luo Zheng understood Luo Yan's character very well. She wouldn't do something wrong for no reason. Presumably, in this trial, she had been wronged and humiliated!
These people must die!
Luo Zheng secretly swore in his heart as he walked towards Qin Mu.
Qin Mu called out to the people of the Hall of Discipline and took Luo Zheng away.
Just as Luo Zheng left, Zhuo Fei, who had fainted on the ground in front of the Hall of Discipline, woke up.
In the previous battle, Zhuo Fei used the willow leaf darts to continuously attack him. Luo Zheng only used the body of the giant sword to knock her unconscious on the wall.
At this time, Zhuo Fei faintly woke up. Just as she woke up, her heart flickered with a trace of a bad premonition.
"Brother Feng!"
After she got up from the ground, she saw Zhuge Feng, who had been cut in half by Luo Zheng's giant sword.
Seeing this scene, she was heartbroken and cried. At the same time, she turned her head to look at Luo Zheng. Her eyes were filled with endless hatred. "I will definitely kill you!"
Luo Zheng glanced at her indifferently and shook his head. This woman was quite courageous. It seemed that the hatred between them was irreconcilable. So Luo Zheng stopped and smiled: "Let's talk about it when we have the chance."
After saying this, Luo Zheng followed the people of the Hall of Discipline and left.
In the mountain behind the Hall of Precepts, there was a temporary prison for people.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were some who called this place 'Little Purgatory Mountain'.
That was because many disciples who had not been tried were directly thrown into the prison and imprisoned for more than half a year.
Following the people of the Admonition Hall to the back of the mountain, Luo Zheng found many circular stone strips on the ground, on which many runes were engraved.
"Big brother, what are these stone strips and runes used for?" Luo Zheng walked behind him and asked while looking at them.
One of the Admonition Hall's people released a cold snort. "The use of these runes is great. Our Admonition Hall's rear mountain isn't that large, it can't compare to Purgatory Mountain. If you fellas fight in the rear mountain, wouldn't the rear mountain be destroyed? Therefore, our Blue Cloud Sect specially set up these runes to seal your True Essence! "
"These runes can confine True Essence?" Luo Zheng was slightly taken aback.
"Hehe, you don't believe me? You can give it a try! "That person said again. It was clear that he had seen quite a few people during these years, and all of them had the same reaction as Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he tried to circulate Sky Devil True Essence, but when he operated his dantian, he felt that there wasn't the slightest bit of activity in his dantian. As for Sky Devil True Essence, there wasn't even a shadow to be seen.
"It really is …" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed. His True Essence was sealed. This was not good news. If someone really wanted to take action against him, he wouldn't even have the ability to resist. Right now, the only thing he could rely on was his own body.
In the rear mountain of the Admonition Hall was a flat drill ground. This was precisely the Admonition Mountain's temporary prison. Those stone strips and runes extended all the way here.
When Luo Zheng entered the drill ground, he found that there were quite a few people in the drill ground.
"Well, I'll tell you, since you've entered here, stay here obediently. This drill ground not only confines your True Essence. Even if you want to escape, there's no way. I advise you not to have any crooked thoughts and play with your life." After that person finished speaking to Luo Zheng, he was about to leave with the other people of the Admonition Hall. But before he left, he suddenly said to the people in the drill ground, "This is your new friend, take good care of him for me!"
The meaning of this sentence was not difficult to understand. It was to let the imprisoned disciples in the drill ground "take good care" of Luo Zheng.
In fact, on the way here, Qin Mu had greeted him and hinted him to do so.
Luo Zheng was not a fool. How could he not understand the meaning of these words?
But Luo Zheng did not want to cause trouble. Since he had entered this prison, he intended to stay here obediently for two days and wait for Su Lingyun's news.
In this drill ground, there were seventy to eighty people scattered around. Looking at their clothes, there were inner disciples and outer disciples.
These people gathered together in groups of three to five. When Luo Zheng entered the drill ground, they were whispering to each other. From time to time, they cast unfriendly glances at Luo Zheng.
After a while, in the center of the drill ground, a disciple in a black robe stood up and walked directly toward Luo Zheng.
The disciple in the black robe was tall, especially his belly, which was round and very fat. This was an out-and-out fatty.
The fatty swaggered in front of Luo Zheng. He raised his eyebrows and looked at Luo Zheng. Then he pointed at Luo Zheng's nose and said, "Boy, the place you are sitting is my territory!"
Luo Zheng looked at the fatty. At the same time, he felt that the people around him were taking pleasure in his misfortune. He stood up and found a corner to sit down.
These two days, Luo Zheng did not want to cause trouble.
But the fatty would not let him go so easily. The fatty took two steps forward and said with a smile, "Sorry, this is also my territory!"
"Where can I stay?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You?" The fatty grinned and said, "Haha, the newcomer can only stay over there!"
After saying that, the fatty pointed to the left side of the drill ground. That side was the toilet provided for the disciples in the drill ground prison. The fatty meant that Luo Zheng could only stay in the toilet.
When the crowd heard the fatty's words, there was a burst of laughter. Gloating expressions were overflowing on their faces.
Luo Zheng did not speak anymore. He even closed his eyes. The fatty was provoking him because someone asked him to do so. This time, he was too lazy to pay attention to the fatty's provocation.
"I am talking to you. Didn't you hear me?" The fatty saw that his words had no effect. His smile disappeared. To be able to dominate here, this fatty was not a kind person. On the contrary, he was extremely ruthless!
Luo Zheng opened his eyes and looked at the fatty indifferently. Then he closed his eyes again.
"You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit!" Seeing this, the fatty kicked at Luo Zheng. Just as the fatty kicked at Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's sitting body suddenly tilted and avoided the fatty's kick.
Everyone was in the drill ground prison. The True Essence in their bodies was prohibited. Since they wanted to fight, they could only rely on their physical strength.
When Luo Zheng closed his eyes, he was not cultivating. Because True Essence could not be circulated here, he could not cultivate.
He was just trying to communicate with the Qinglong sculpture in his mind. He wanted to see if he could still borrow the power of the dragon scale since True Essence was prohibited here.
In the end, Luo Zheng found that the power of the dragon scale was not affected.
Just as the fatty kicked at him, Luo Zheng tilted his body. After dodging, his eyes suddenly opened. He exerted force with his hind legs and his whole body rushed toward the fatty from the ground.
When the fatty saw that Luo Zheng actually chose to counterattack, he sneered. He stretched out his fat hand and waved it at Luo Zheng.
This fatty had cultivated a very special divine ability since he was young. After cultivating this divine ability, his body became fatter and fatter, and this divine ability was like this. The longer he cultivated it, the fatter his body would become, and the stronger the power contained in his body would become.
In fact, the Blue Cloud Sect disciples who were imprisoned here were not weak.
If everyone could use True Essence, the fatty's strength could only be ranked in the top ten.
But because everyone's True Essence was prohibited and the fatty's body was extremely strong, the other powerhouses were basically beaten into submission by him.
In terms of pure strength and close combat, no one was the fatty's opponent.
Many of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples saw that Luo Zheng actually didn't care about his life and hit the fat man. They couldn't help but shake their heads. This kid was slapped by the fat man. It was estimated that he wouldn't be able to get up. Those who had experienced the strength of the fat man's palm basically thought so.
But the moment Luo Zheng rushed toward the fatty, he stretched out his hand and grabbed the fatty's hand. At the same time, the power of the dragon scale continuously poured into his hand.
"Puff!"
The fatty's face changed greatly. He felt that this kid's strength was actually on par with his own!
"How is this possible!"
From childhood to adulthood, few people could defeat the fatty in terms of pure strength.
The guy in front of him was only at the Xiantian first stage. How could he compete with him only by relying on the strength of his body?
However, the reality was right in front of him. After grabbing the fat man's hand, Luo Zheng twisted his hand and jumped behind the fat man with one leg. At the same time, he twisted the fat man's hand behind his back and firmly pinched the fat man's neck with the other hand. At the same time, he said coldly, "Don't bother me, or I'll break your neck!"
At the same time, Luo Zheng's hand exerted force and pinched the fatty's flabby neck.
The fatty was obviously not someone easy to deal with. When Luo Zheng exerted his strength, the fatty suddenly shook his neck. Relying on the slippery fat on his neck, he actually got rid of Luo Zheng's grip.
At the same time, the fatty turned around and used his backhand to once again hold Luo Zheng in his hand. Then, he raised his arm and swung Luo Zheng up!
Luo Zheng was swung in the air by the fatty's hand. He was constantly rotating. As the speed got faster and faster, the fatty suddenly threw Luo Zheng heavily and smashed him against a wall at the edge of the prison.
"Rumble …"
The wall was knocked down by Luo Zheng, and the rubble immediately buried Luo Zheng.
The fatty spat on the ground, "You're still too inexperienced to compete with me in terms of physical strength."
The pile of rubble shook for a while. Then, Luo Zheng stood up from the rubble with a smile on his face. At the same time, he said loudly, "At first, I didn't want to cause trouble, so I decided to stay here for two days. But now, I changed my mind. Since it's quite boring here, it's not a bad choice to fight for some exercise!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng kicked the rubble around him and walked towards the fatty.
In the fatty's eyes, there was finally a cautious expression.
The fatty was very clear about how strong he was. After being hit so hard by him, this guy was still able to stand up as if nothing had happened. This showed that the guy in front of him was far from being as simple as he looked.
But this didn't mean that the fatty was afraid of Luo Zheng. He was very confident in his physical strength.