Most of them had been beaten up by the fatty before, but it was impossible for them to be convinced. After all, most of them were good at using True Essence to fight. If it weren't for the fact that their True Essence was restricted, a considerable number of them wouldn't be any worse than the fatty.
The brat who had just been brought in seemed to be similarly gifted. He wasn't injured even after being smashed by the fatty. No matter how one looked at it, this brat wasn't inferior to the fatty.
"Hmph, after being thrown by me, the smartest thing you can do is to lie on the ground and pretend to be dead! Since you still want to get up, then I'll let you taste even more pain! "After the fatty finished speaking, he sped up and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who had dragon scales and a Spirit Artifact Body, was most likely not afraid of hand-to-hand combat.
He saw the fatty ramming towards him like a savage beast.
Luo Zheng actually used the same footsteps and the same posture to crash towards the fatty.
In this kind of fierce collision, the bigger side would always have the advantage.
However, the moment before the collision, Luo Zheng drew out the power of more than a hundred dragon scales from his body and concentrated it on his shoulder!
The two of them collided fiercely.
"Under such a collision, that brat's bones will probably be crushed by the fatty!"
"This brat relied on his strong body to actually choose to collide with the fatty. He's simply courting death!"
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect discussed one after another.
"Bang!" The two of them collided head-on with their physical bodies, producing a muffled sound.
The fatty felt as if he had crashed into a tall mountain!
The power that surged from Luo Zheng's body was like the tide of the sea, endless and endless.
The situation of this head-on collision greatly exceeded everyone's expectations.
Luo Zheng's seemingly small body stood motionless in the same place, while the fatty's huge body was sent flying!
Because the fatty's stomach was relatively far away, after flying out, he rolled on the ground like a rubber ball and only stopped after rolling for a long time.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and slowly walked over. After squatting down, he asked, "Do you want more?"
The fat man felt a few of his bones break, and his face went pale from the pain. Only now did he understand that the strength of the kid before him couldn't be underestimated. Whether it was in terms of strength or physical strength, the kid before him was far stronger than him!
In the prison of the drill ground, everyone was silent.
This was the rule here. The winner was king.
The fatty was the strongest here, but Luo Zheng had defeated him, so the others wouldn't have any ideas about Luo Zheng.
Even if he had any ideas, he would only be humiliating himself.
Luo Zheng no longer looked at the fat man. He turned back to the corner and sat down again.
Since he couldn't cultivate here, he could at least close his eyes and rest.
Time passed quickly. The sun rose and set. Two days later, the Admonition Hall sent two people to take Luo Zheng away.
Before Luo Zheng entered the Admonition Hall, he sensed that there were many powerful experts in the Admonition Hall.
After entering, Luo Zheng saw that both sides of the Admonition Hall were full of people.
Luo Zheng's eyes fell on Zhenren Tianqiong at first glance.
When Zhenren Tianqiong saw Luo Zheng, his eyes turned cold. He even raised his nose and snorted.
Beside Zhenren Tianqiong, there was a young man in a purple robe. His personal disciple!
Luo Zheng's eyes were extremely sharp. With a glance, he saw a small Eight Trigrams sewn with black thread on the cuffs of the purple-robed disciple's sleeves. It seemed that this purple-robed disciple was Zhuge Feng's family.
When the purple-robed disciple saw Luo Zheng, he immediately came forward. His face was full of anger. He looked as if he wanted to eat Luo Zheng alive. He said, "It was you who killed my brother?"
This personal disciple was extremely powerful. Under this interrogation, his whole body's pressure washed over Luo Zheng like a mountain flood.
Luo Zheng didn't move. He stared at that person indifferently and said, "So what?"
"Since you killed my brother, you have to pay with your life! Not only that, I will kill your entire family! "The purple-robed disciple said gloomily.
Luo Zheng smiled. He pointed at that person and said, "If you want me to pay with my life, don't say it. If you have the guts, do it right here!"
"You think I don't dare? Taking your life is as easy as turning over my hand! " The purple-robed disciple's True Essence emerged from the top of his head and formed a rainbow light. He was about to attack.
"Ge 'er! There are so many elders here. Don't mess around! "Behind the purple-robed disciple, an old man wearing a black hat shouted to stop him.
Today was the day of the trial. Six of the ten Perfected Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect came. Naturally, they wouldn't let the purple-robed disciple mess around.
This purple-robed disciple was the strongest among the younger generation of the Family Zhuge, Zhuge Yingge. The old man wearing a black hat behind him was one of the ten Perfected Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect, Perfected Luo Ying.
Zhuge Yingge was the personal disciple of Perfected Luo Ying!
Luo Zheng was escorted to the front of the Admonition Hall. Zhenren Tianqiong, who was in the Admonition Hall, said, "Since this kid has been escorted here, can we start the trial now?"
Several Perfected Masters around the Admonition Hall nodded their heads.
The trial of the Blue Cloud Sect only needed six Perfected Masters to start.
Apart from the six Perfected Masters, there were also several people from the Family Zhuge who came here today.
The other members of the Family Zhuge who were present were like Zhuge Yingge. They all stared at Luo Zheng as if they were about to devour him.
If it weren't for the fact that there were other Perfected Masters present, they probably would have rushed up and hacked Luo Zheng to death.
Standing in front of the Admonition Hall, Luo Zheng looked left and right, but he didn't see Su Lingyun.
This trial was originally initiated by Su Lingyun. Why wasn't she here today? This made Luo Zheng a little puzzled.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Zhenren Tianqiong's face. Zhenren Tianqiong sneered and snorted, "I'm afraid your Mentor Su has something to do today and can't come!"
"Can't come? What did you do to her? " Luo Zheng didn't care if Mentor Su could come, but he was worried about her safety. If these Perfected Masters dared to harm his sister, they might dare to cause trouble for Mentor Su. Luo Zheng knew that Mentor Su's identity was special and her status was extraordinary.
However, this group of Perfected Masters didn't seem to be afraid of Su Lingyun's identity.
"What can I do to her?" Zhenren Tianqiong shook his head, "It's just that she knows that she will lose this trial and can't protect you, so she decided not to come!"
Hearing Zhenren Tianqiong's words, Luo Zheng felt a little relieved. It seemed that Zhenren Tianqiong didn't know either.
Until now, Luo Zheng still believed in Su Lingyun. Since she made a promise to him and took the initiative to request a trial, she must have some tricks up her sleeve. If she wasn't sure, with her intelligent personality, she would never make such a big deal out of it.
Outside the hall, a shadow on the corona rotated and pointed to noon.
In front of the hall, an old man wearing a purple crown suddenly said, "It's noon. We'll start the trial immediately!"
In fact, this time's joint trial, several Daoist Masters were quite disapproving, because in the past, the joint trial was only for the particularly important disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, such as the pro-disciples, or the top ten elite disciples in the inner sect.
However, this time, they were going to interrogate an unknown outer sect disciple.
If it wasn't for Su Lingyun's forceful request, it would be almost impossible for this to happen.
However, after the Perfected Masters learned that this outer sect disciple in front of them had killed Zhuge Feng, the third son of the Family Zhuge, they felt a little strange.
Zhuge Feng's strength naturally didn't enter the Perfected Masters' eyes. However, this guy in front of them was only at the first stage of the Xiantian Realm, while Zhuge Feng was almost at the Xiantian Full Circle.
It was reasonable to say that the difference in strength between the two should be like heaven and earth. How could Zhuge Feng be defeated by Luo Zheng?
Two of the Perfected Masters secretly thought that if this guy called Luo Zheng really killed Zhuge Feng with his own strength, then he would be a monstrous figure of the Blue Cloud Sect, and his future would be limitless.
Unfortunately, if this guy was really as bloodthirsty as Zhenren Tianqiong said, it would be better to eliminate him as soon as possible.
This kind of thing had happened in the Blue Cloud Sect before. Seventy-nine years ago, a peerless monstrous genius appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect. That genius disciple was called He Yuetian. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect for nine years, he broke through the Divine Reflection Realm and practiced a peerless supernatural power, becoming invincible in the Divine Reflection Realm.
However, in the end, He Yuetian defected from the Blue Cloud Sect and became the Blue Cloud Sect's mortal enemy. He constantly roamed in the Eastern Domain, slaughtering the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples.
The Blue Cloud Sect had no choice but to join forces with the Burning Sky Dynasty and send dozens of elite disciples to kill He Yuetian.
In the end, the Blue Cloud Sect sacrificed three Perfected Masters and finally killed He Yuetian.
After He Yuetian's incident, the Blue Cloud Sect established a rule that the most important thing was not the disciple's talent, but the disciple's moral character. Otherwise, even if the disciple was successful in the future, he would become a great devil or a great hero because of his evil intentions, which would go against the purpose of establishing the Blue Cloud Sect.
Perfected Zi Qing, who was wearing a purple crown, heavily patted the square wood, and an invisible purple light curtain spread out from his square wood.
When everyone was bathed in the purple light curtain, they immediately felt tranquil and peaceful. Perfected Zi Qing's True Yuan had such a miraculous effect.
"Prisoner Luo Zheng, let me ask you. Yesterday, did you kill Zhuge Feng in front of the Admonition Hall? Did you kill him with a heavy sword?" Perfected Zi Qing asked indifferently. His voice was not loud, but it had an irresistible power that pointed directly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was also on trial, but at this moment, he was a lot calmer. Since Perfected Zi Qing was willing to ask him questions and did not randomly find a crime to pin on him, then he had a chance to refute it.
Luo Zheng nodded. "That's right!"
Hearing Luo Zheng admit it so readily, the other Perfected Masters were somewhat puzzled. They looked at each other. How could someone admit to the crime of murder so readily? Could it be that this brat didn't know the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect? If this trial determined that Luo Zheng was a bloodthirsty murderer, then no one in the world could save him.
Zhenren Tianqiong laughed mischievously. "Since that's the case, there's nothing to be interrogated about. You killed someone, so of course you have to pay with your life!"
"Yes, that's right. A debt must be paid with money, and a murderer must pay with his life. Since ancient times, this has always been the case!" The Family Zhuge people also said sternly.
＝＝＝＝＝