Luo Zheng glanced at Zhenren Tianqiong and his Family Zhuge members, then continued to ask Reverend Zi Qing: "Reverend, if someone wanted to kill you right now, what would you do?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Reverend Zi Qing said without hesitation: "If the opponent wanted to kill me without distinguishing between right and wrong, I would fight back."
Luo Zheng nodded again: "Reverend Zhuge is right. If someone wanted to kill you, no one would be willing to be a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. Then, Reverend Zhuge Feng, do you know where the heavy sword I used to kill Zhuge Feng that day came from?"
"I don't know." Reverend Zi Qing shook his head. He wasn't present that day, so of course he wouldn't know what happened yesterday.
Even Zhenren Tianqiong had only just arrived, so he didn't see what happened at the scene clearly. In the Admonition Hall, only Luo Zheng and Qin Mu knew what happened that day.
"Then I'll tell you, Reverend. The heavy sword I used to kill Zhuge Feng that day was borrowed from Zhuge Feng's Zhenyuan Giant Sword! The reason I took his Zhenyuan Giant Sword was because Zhuge Feng wanted to kill me with it. So, why didn't I just stand there and let him kill me? "Luo Zheng asked rhetorically.
Reverend Zi Qing's face flashed with a trace of doubt. "What you said seems to make sense, but I don't understand the part about the Zhenyuan Giant Sword."
"Reverend Zi Qing, Zhuge Feng used our Family Zhuge's Heaven class technique, the 'Seven Mysterious Demonic Sword'. It can transform Zhenyuan into a giant sword to fight the enemy. That Zhenyuan Giant Sword was transformed from Zhuge Feng's Zhenyuan, but this brat said that he took away Zhuge Feng's Giant Sword. He's full of nonsense. Who can take away someone's Zhenyuan Avatar?" Zhuge Yingge couldn't help but step forward and say.
"Snatch someone else's True Yuan Clone?" Reverend Zi Qing shook his head after hearing this.
Indeed, none of the Perfected Ones present had ever heard of any technique in this world that could snatch away another's True Essence Avatar.
Seeing the blank expression on Reverend Zi Qing's face, Luo Zheng pursed his lips. He thought that the ten Reverends of the Blue Cloud Sect were only so-so. It must be known that Luo Zheng's 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 came from the Blue Cloud Sect's Heavenly Book Pavilion, but none of these Reverends knew about it.
"Kid, you're still spouting nonsense at a time like this. Immortal Zi Qing, I don't think there's any need to interrogate him. He clearly committed a violent crime and should be sentenced to death!" Zhenren Tianqiong said coldly.
However, Luo Zheng said unhurriedly, "Since Zhenren Tianqiong doesn't believe me, why don't you let me demonstrate it? Facts speak louder than words!"
Zhenren Tianqiong saw that Luo Zheng was speaking so confidently and had some doubts in his heart. However, he still didn't believe that Luo Zheng could swallow someone else's True Yuan.
He, Daoist Heaven Vault, had never heard of or seen such a cultivation technique before.
In fact, all the Perfected Ones present had heard of the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》. When the only copy of the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 was stored in the Heavenly Book Pavilion, most of them were present.
However, although the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 was rated as a saint-level technique, no one had succeeded in cultivating it until now.
Naturally, they had never seen the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 or the true effect of the Heavenly Demon Vital Qi.
In fact, the fact that Luo Zheng could use his own True Yuan to swallow someone else's True Yuan had caused an uproar in White Emperor City. More than one or two people knew about this.
However, this matter happened in the Imperial Army and did not spread from White Emperor City.
"Well, in that case, I'd like to see how you can take away someone else's True Yuan!" After saying that, Zhenren Tianqiong said to Qin Mu, who was next to him, "Qin Mu, release your True Yuan Incarnation and see if this guy can do it!"
Qin Mu was anxious. Zhenren Tianqiong wasn't present that day and didn't see the scene of Luo Zheng swallowing True Yuan. However, Qin Mu saw it clearly.
That day, Zhuge Feng had released seven True Yuan swords, which had been swallowed by Luo Zheng. In the end, the seven swords had been combined into one giant sword and forcibly withstood Zhenren Tianqiong's palm strike. Why didn't Zhenren Tianqiong understand?
Unfortunately, Qin Mu didn't have the chance to quietly remind Zhenren Tianqiong. He could only brace himself, take out the Judge Pen, summon the True Yuan in his body, and write a character in the air. Then, he sent the character condensed by the True Yuan in Luo Zheng's direction.
Luo Zheng looked at the character formed by the True Yuan and slowly floated over. He raised his arm and a strand of Heavenly Demon Vital Qi shot out from his finger.
The strand of Heavenly Demon Vital Qi instantly entered the character written by Qin Mu. Before long, all the True Yuan in the character was swallowed by the Heavenly Demon Vital Qi.
After that, Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the words written by Qin Mu began to obediently revolve around him and dance in the air.
When the Perfected Masters saw this, their expressions changed dramatically.
"This kid is actually telling the truth. He can really swallow True Yuan!"
"What cultivation technique is he cultivating? No matter what the outcome of this trial is, we have to find out! "
Only a true powerhouse would understand what it meant to be able to swallow other people's True Yuan.
Luo Zheng had also used this technique to resolve countless dangerous situations and even fight against Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses!
Zhenren Tianqiong's expression was extremely ugly. He had some doubts before, especially when his Family Zhuge had mentioned the Seven Mysterious Demonic Sword. He recalled that day when Luo Zheng had controlled a giant sword to kill Zhuge Feng.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong had thought that it was Luo Zheng's cultivation technique.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng could actually control other people's True Yuan and use it for his own?
"As I said, facts speak louder than words. Great Perfected Master, what else do you have to say?" Luo Zheng said to Zhenren Tianqiong with a smile. Then, he clapped his hands and the character formed by True Yuan gradually dissipated into the air.
Zhenren Tianqiong's face darkened and he sneered, "Even if you can prove that you can swallow other people's True Yuan, so what? Can this erase the fact that you killed someone? "
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I've already said that Zhuge Feng killed me first. Should I have just stood there and let him kill me?"
Zhenren Tianqiong sneered, "It's just a one-sided story. Qin Mu, tell us what happened that day!"
Other than Qin Mu and his subordinates, there was only the woman by Zhuge Feng's side, Concubine Zhuo, who was present that day.
Luo Zheng killed Zhuge Feng. Concubine Zhuo couldn't wait for Luo Zheng to die quickly. Naturally, she wouldn't come forward to testify for Luo Zheng.
Zhenren Tianqiong asked Qin Mu to come forward at this moment. His purpose was obvious.
Qin Mu smiled and stood in front of the hall. He waved his hand at Perfected Zi Qing and then recounted what happened that day.
His narration was naturally different from Luo Zheng's. "That day, not only did Luo Zheng speak rudely in front of the Admonition Hall, but he also wanted to injure me! When I shouted for help, Zhuge Feng happened to pass by. Young Master Zhuge Feng acted bravely for a just cause and wanted to help me restrain Luo Zheng! But … Alas, "Qin Mu sighed and said," I didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be so cold-blooded and bloodthirsty. He killed Zhuge Feng without saying anything. I wanted to stop him, but it was too late … "
Qin Mu was obviously well-prepared. He recounted the events of that day in a methodical manner, describing Luo Zheng as a cold-blooded demon.
After he finished speaking, Qin Mu narrowed his eyes and smiled eerily at Luo Zheng. Then he took a few steps back and returned to his seat.
The other Perfected Masters walked to Perfected Zi Qing's side. Perfected Zi Qing waved his hand and a purple True Yuan suddenly formed a thick light screen, enveloping the six Perfected Masters inside.
The Perfected Masters began to discuss spiritedly within the light screen.
As for what they were saying, because of the light screen, the people outside couldn't hear a single word clearly.
This discussion didn't last for long. After about the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn, Perfected Zi Qing waved his hand and removed the light screen.
The Perfected Masters returned to their seats. Perfected Zi Qing stabilized the purple crown on his head and said solemnly, "Today, the Admonition Hall has been opened. It has been ascertained that Luo Zheng, a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, committed murder for no reason in the Admonition Hall, causing the death of Zhuge Feng, a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Luo Zheng is a violent and sadistic person who massacred the innocent. He shouldn't be allowed to live in this world … "
Looking at Perfected Zi Qing's serious face, Luo Zheng suddenly laughed wildly in the Admonition Hall!
"Hahahahaha …"
Luo Zheng's laughter shook the heavens, completely overshadowing Perfected Zi Qing's words.
This brat was too arrogant. He actually dared to be so impudent. A smile appeared on the faces of Zhenren Tianqiong and the Family Zhuge. Could it be that Luo Zheng had gone crazy?
Perfected Zi Qing's face darkened. He suddenly shouted angrily, "Shut up!"
The roar contained Daoist Ziqing's Quintessential Essence. With the strength of a Daoist Ziqing, the roar that was mixed with the Quintessential Essence was extremely powerful.
A purple sound wave crashed toward Luo Zheng with the force of toppling mountains and overturning seas.
Luo Zheng, who was hit by the sound wave, stopped laughing abruptly. Traces of blood flowed out from the corners of his mouth. Obviously, he had suffered a serious internal injury.
Luo Zheng lightly covered his chest. He continued to sneer a few times and said slowly, "The Blue Cloud Sect is so famous. I didn't expect you Perfected Masters to deal with things like this! I, Luo Zheng, am ashamed of my inferiority. I'm not as thick-skinned as you guys. You're all sanctimonious, but you're actually distorting the truth … "
"If you speak rudely again, I'll kill you on the spot!" When had Perfected Zi Qing ever been lectured by a junior like this? This time, he was furious to the extreme.
"Haha? What's the difference between killing me now and killing me later? Do you think threats are meaningful? " The Heavenly Devil True Qi in Luo Zheng's body suddenly flowed out, forming a dark purple barrier around his body.
If death was inevitable, Luo Zheng would never allow himself to be captured without putting up a fight!
"Good. In that case, I'll fulfill your wish!" Perfected Zi Qing slammed the table. The True Yuan in his body suddenly surged.
The strength of a Perfected Master was unfathomable. If he wanted to kill Luo Zheng with all his strength, perhaps Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to escape.
"Kill him. Kill this arrogant brat!"
"This kind of scum, every day he stays in this world, he'll bring more harm to the world!"
The people of the Family Zhuge also clamored, especially Zhuge Yingge. At this moment, he also wanted to make a move. However, he thought that since Perfected Zi Qing had already made a move, there was no need for him to help. Luo Zheng must die today!