Soon after, a beautiful figure leisurely walked in from the entrance of the Admonition Hall. It was Luo Zheng's mentor, Su Lingyun.
Compared to a few days ago, Su Lingyun's aura was extremely vigorous. Her entire body was bathed in a special aura.
Even though Su Lingyun's strength was far inferior to these Enlightened Masters in front of her, her aura was able to firmly suppress the aura emitted by these Enlightened Masters.
This kind of aura was the aura of someone who could unify the world and look down on all living things!
Only a true direct descendant of the imperial family could emit this kind of aura.
After being exposed by Zhenren Tianqiong, Su Lingyun went into seclusion for two days. Thousands of thoughts ran through her mind. Only at the last moment of her visit to Xun Ming Mountain did she realize that there were many things that she couldn't escape from.
Perhaps, she should pick up the things that she had thrown away.
Perhaps, they had all forgotten who she was!
She was the eldest daughter of the current emperor! She was the Princess of the Vast Sky who was doted on by thousands of people and worshipped by foreign countries!
Under Su Lingyun's aura, these Enlightened Masters even felt that they were much smaller.
"I'll ask again. Why am I not present today? The trial is also about to begin. Who was the one who made the decision? Zi Qing? " Su Lingyun's delicate eyebrows furrowed. She directly called Enlightened Master Zi Qing by his name. She even had an overbearing tone.
Even with Enlightened Master Zi Qing's strength and status, under Su Lingyun's interrogation, he actually felt suffocated. He immediately said, "Today's trial was set to begin at noon. Since you arrived at noon, we six Enlightened Masters couldn't wait any longer!"
"Is that so? That's fine. I won't pursue this matter any further. However, I want to ask you, what's the result of the trial? "Su Lingyun waved her hand. From behind her, six people bent their bodies and moved over a chair.
The chair was nine chi tall. It was inlaid with all kinds of jade, agate, and emerald. It was extremely exquisite.
The entire chair was made of Golden-Threaded Jade Glory Wood, which was an extremely rare type of wood.
Generally, it was used to make the hilts of spirit weapons, such as spear shafts.
Following the mining in recent years, the number of Golden Silk Jade Flourishing Wood had become fewer and fewer. For this reason, the Burning Sky Emperor Dynasty had issued an announcement that anyone who collected this wood was not allowed to keep it for themselves and had to hand it over.
If anyone gathered it for their own use, they would be severely punished!
Because it was too rare, generally speaking, only the core of a long spear at the level of a spirit tool would use this Golden Silk Jade Glory Wood.
From this, it could be seen how precious this Golden Silk Jade Wood was.
However, this Golden Jadewood was used to make a chair.
The entire body of this huge chair was made of Golden Silk Jade Flourishing Wood. If it was used to forge spear and saber handles for spirit weapons, who knows how many of them could be forged!
This chair was extremely heavy. Even with six burly men carrying it together, it was still very strenuous. However, the six of them bent their backs and took small, quick steps. Without saying a word, they placed the chair in front of the hall. Then, without saying a word, they took small, quick steps and left quickly.
Su Lingyun turned around and stepped on the small steps inlaid with gemstones and emeralds in front of the chair. She climbed to the top of the chair and turned around to sit down. She placed her pair of jade legs on the foot rest at the side. Her expression was slightly heavy and a languid expression appeared on her face. "Zi Qing, tell me. What is the result of the trial?"
In the face of Su Lingyun's actions, everyone immediately understood that today's matter would be difficult to resolve peacefully. At this moment, they could only fight for what was right.
Reverend Zi Qing said, "This brat violated the rules of our Blue Cloud Sect. He killed Zhuge Feng, the third son of the Family Zhuge's direct line of descent. Naturally, we will punish him according to the sect rules. A life for a life is right and proper."
Su Lingyun nodded. "Reverend Zi Qing is extremely right. A life for a life is right and proper. These words are indeed true. If Zhuge Feng wanted to kill Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was forced to kill him out of helplessness, would this life still need to be paid?"
"Of course not," Reverend Zi Qing continued. "However, when we opened the court for interrogation, it was already clear that it was Luo Zheng who spoke rudely and caused a ruckus in the admonition hall that day. This forced Zhuge Feng's assistant to help. He wanted to cooperate with Qin Mu to take Luo Zheng down. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng …"
Before Reverend Zi Qing could finish speaking, Su Lingyun interrupted him. "I want to know, did Luo Zheng himself admit to your words? Or did he tell you this himself? "
"This was what Qin Mu told me. As for what Luo Zheng said, it was a completely opposite fact," Reverend Zi Qing replied.
"Alright then. Let me ask you. Why did you believe Qin Mu's words and not Luo Zheng's?" Su Lingyun suddenly changed her indolent appearance. Her bright eyes stared intently at Reverend Zi Qing. Her tone was even more aggressive and unyielding.
"This … this …" Su Lingyun's words caused Reverend Zi Qing to be momentarily at a loss for words.
"You guys just thought that the one who died was a descendant of a Zhuge Family, a descendant of a landowning household, and Luo Zheng was nothing more than a commoner. If Luo Zheng had been killed by Zhuge Feng that day, I don't think you guys would have cared about this matter at all!" Su Lingyun's tone became more and more dignified. Her eyes exuded the aura of an emperor. This aura was inherited from her father, the king of the entire Eastern Region!
Reverend Zi Qing couldn't say anything, but Zhenren Tianqiong said, "Your Highness, you're wrong. After all, Qin Mu is the Hall Master of the Admonition Hall. He's a fair and upright person. In comparison, it's naturally easier for us to believe his words. I think if Your Highness were the judge of this case, you'd also believe Qin Mu's words and not the murderer's one-sided story!"
Zhenren Tianqiong's words were more intelligent.
He probably meant to exonerate Reverend Zi Qing. This Luo Zheng was the murderer. In comparison, Qin Mu's words were much more trustworthy. They couldn't possibly believe Luo Zheng's words over Qin Mu's.
Su Lingyun's beautiful eyes sized up Zhenren Tianqiong, which immediately made Zhenren Tianqiong feel uncomfortable. Su Lingyun then said, "If that's the case, why don't you guys wait for me to come before starting the trial? I have evidence in my hands that proves that Luo Zheng is telling the truth. "
"You have evidence in your hands?" Reverend Zi Qing was stunned. Obviously, he didn't believe her.
Zhenren Tianqiong chuckled and said, "Your Highness must be joking. When Luo Zheng killed that day, I was also there. If you have evidence, how come I don't know about it?"
"Of course you don't know about it. Why would I let you know about my evidence? Let me ask you, if I didn't have evidence, why would I apply for a trial? "Su Lingyun asked rhetorically from her high chair.
After she finished speaking, Su Lingyun lightly clapped her hands.
Outside the Admonition Hall, the six large men once again rushed in.
This time, the six large men didn't carry chairs on their backs. Instead, they carried a letter jade tablet.
The six large men neatly placed the letter jade tablet next to Su Lingyun before retreating.
Immediately, Su Lingyun extended her slender fingers. A faint stream of true essence gushed out from her fingers and flashed into the surface of the letter jade tablet.
Not long after, an image appeared on the letter jade tablet.
At this moment, when all the Reverends saw the image on the letter jade tablet, their expressions immediately became very unsightly.
No one would've thought that Su Lingyun would be able to bring out a letter jade tablet at this time. Moreover, the letter jade tablet even recorded the scene of that day!
Even Luo Zheng himself was shocked. That letter jade tablet actually recorded the scene that happened in the Admonition Hall that day.
Luo Zheng also couldn't understand why Instructor Su would use a letter jade tablet to record the scene of that day!
Although he couldn't understand, Luo Zheng also understood that once this image was released, these old fellows would probably really be at their wit's end.
On the letter jade tablet, scene after scene was released. Those scenes were like clean and crisp slaps that violently slapped the cheeks of these Reverends.
This was true. Facts spoke louder than words.
"Reverends, is there anything else you want to say?" Su Lingyun stretched her pair of jade legs on the spacious chair. It was as if her sharp aura had been completely withdrawn. Her face once again changed into a languid expression.
"This …" At this moment, Reverend Zi Qing was completely speechless. At the same time, he looked at Zhenren Tianqiong beside him. In his heart, he was even complaining about Zhenren Tianqiong.
This Zhenren Tianqiong had said it in all seriousness. According to this judgment, there was absolutely no problem. As for Su Lingyun's side, there was no need to explain anything at all.
Actually, when the Reverends made this decision, they indeed didn't take Su Lingyun into consideration.
However, they didn't expect that Su Lingyun would make such a sharp counterattack at the most crucial moment.
They had indeed forgotten that Her Highness the Princess, who was once like the pearl of the empire, possessed such status and courage!
It was only later that Su Lingyun became very depressed because of those things in the palace. That was why she came to the Blue Cloud Sect to seek a position as an instructor, retracting her former sharpness.
However, Su Lingyun was still Su Lingyun. Even if she was at odds with the Burning Sky Palace, she was still the Eldest Princess of the Burning Sky Dynasty. No one could forget this fact!
"Reverend Zi Qing, don't you think that you should give me an explanation?" Seeing that the Reverends didn't speak, Su Lingyun could only set her target on today's main judge, Reverend Zi Qing.
Although Reverend Zi Qing was incomparably resentful of Zhenren Tianqiong in his heart, it was obviously unrealistic to expect Zhenren Tianqiong to stand out and take a blow for him at this moment. At this moment, he could only lower his head and say, "Your Highness the Princess, during today's trial, I, Zi Qing, have indeed neglected something. Your Highness the Princess, please forgive me."
"I can forgive you, but I don't know if Luo Zheng will forgive you. If I didn't appear today, I'm afraid that he would have already died in this Admonition Hall. You'd better go and ask Luo Zheng. "Su Lingyun said coldly.
Su Lingyun's intention was to force Reverend Zi Qing to apologize to Luo Zheng!
Asking a dignified Reverend to apologize to an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect was somewhat unimaginable.