Actually, there was no need for Su Lingyun to be so ruthless. At least today, she had successfully reversed the situation and rescued Luo Zheng unscathed.
However, Su Lingyun wanted the world to understand that she didn't show her power because she didn't want to. If anyone really provoked her, they would definitely be hurt by her sharp edge.
"Your Highness, isn't your request a bit too much …" Zhenren Tianqiong had no choice but to stand up at this moment. After all, he was the one who initiated the whole thing. Relatively speaking, Reverend Zi Qing was helping him take the blame.
"Is my request too much?" Su Lingyun shook her head. "Actually, it's not too much at all. Your judgment almost cost Luo Zheng his life. What's the big deal about apologizing? As the ancients say, nothing is better than knowing one's mistakes and being able to correct them. This isn't a very difficult thing to do! "
"Although that's true, this matter also depends on one's identity. We …" Zhenren Tianqiong continued.
However, Su Lingyun quickly interrupted him. "Tianqiong, Luo Zheng is the disciple I've chosen. You can watch carefully. In the future, his achievements and his identity will be something that even you can only look up to! Whether this identity is suitable or not, you don't need to tell me! "
Let a group of Reverends look up to her!
It wasn't that easy to be a Reverend of the Blue Cloud Sect. These ten Reverends had all made great contributions to the Blue Cloud Sect. It took them hundreds of years to reach their current status.
Any one of these Reverends was an existence that people looked up to in the Eastern Region.
However, Su Lingyun said with certainty that Luo Zheng's future achievements would far surpass these Reverends. These words were undoubtedly too full of themselves.
However, who would dare to casually refute Her Highness the Princess' words?
"Yes, I did apologize today! It's only right that I apologize to Luo Zheng! "After Reverend Zi Qing finished speaking, he stepped down from the front of the hall and respectfully bowed to Luo Zheng!
Seeing this scene, the expressions of the other Adepts were extremely ugly. It was as if water could be squeezed out from their cloudy faces.
Although they weren't the ones apologizing, but Reverend Zi Qing, they were all part of the top ten Reverends of the Blue Cloud Sect. Reverend Zi Qing's apology was equivalent to disrespecting all the other Reverends!
After Reverend Zi Qing bowed, he didn't say a word and walked out of the Admonition Hall.
When the other Sages saw this, they all left one after another.
As for Zhuge Yingge's Family Zhuge people, they just stared at Luo Zheng with gloomy eyes and left through the side door. Today, Su Lingyun was here, so it was almost impossible to touch Luo Zheng. Staying here was just asking for humiliation.
For a moment, only Luo Zheng and Su Lingyun were left in the Admonition Hall.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked up at Su Lingyun, who was sitting on the throne, with a faint smile. He walked up to Su Lingyun and cupped his hands with a smile: "This humble one greets Her Highness the Princess!"
Su Lingyun jumped down from her chair and extended her hand to knock Luo Zheng's head: "You still dare to smile mischievously with me. I let you participate in the Demon-Slaying Trial, but you came back alone. You just came back, and trouble immediately came looking for you. Tell me how troublesome you are!"
Because of the Demon Clan's invasion, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had all returned to the Blue Cloud Sect on the large flying chariot. However, Luo Zheng was the only one who was forced to stay in White Emperor City because of Yun Luo's imprisonment.
After that, because he passed by Guanghan Prefecture and found clues to the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng was delayed for a period of time. Therefore, he returned to the Blue Cloud Sect much later than the other disciples.
"Instructor Su, there is one thing I don't understand," Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Why is there an image of the day before yesterday in the letter tablet?"
It was actually a coincidence that Su Lingyun was able to record everything that happened that day.
After Luo Zheng participated in the Demon-Slaying Trials, he had not returned. Although Su Lingyun heard from Lin Geng and the others that Luo Zheng was fine and had only been detained by a strong martial artist from the Emperor's army, Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng had not returned.
According to Lin Geng's description, Su Lingyun guessed that the person was Yun Luo.
As such, Su Lingyun could only slowly wait in the Blue Cloud Sect.
In the end, as time passed day after day, Luo Zheng still didn't return. Su Lingyun began to feel a bit of worry, to the extent where she even wanted to send someone to White Emperor City to investigate.
However, the day before yesterday, Su Lingyun accidentally opened the letter tablet, discovering that she could track Luo Zheng!
Su Lingyun had previously done something to Luo Zheng's disciple tablet, just like last time when Luo Zheng headed to Purgatory Mountain alone, Su Lingyun used the letter tablet to monitor him …
Luo Zheng wore a disciple tablet, so as long as he entered the Blue Cloud Sect, her letter tablet would be able to track him.
That was why back then, Su Lingyun's letter tablet already recorded everything that happened the day before yesterday. When she discovered that Luo Zheng was threatened by Zhenren Tianqiong through the letter tablet, only then did Su Lingyun contact Flame Dragon Daoist, hurrying towards Xunming Mountain together.
As for why Luo Zheng asked her why the letter tablet would have images of the day before yesterday, Su Lingyun only pursed her lips into a smile, not willing to tell Luo Zheng.
"Today's matter can be considered settled, but we have angered those daoists. I don't fear them, but I reckon that they will target you!" Su Lingyun said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I understand clearly that even if it wasn't because of this matter, they still wouldn't let me go. Moreover! I similarly won't let them go, especially Zhenren Tianqiong and Daoist Still Water! "
Su Lingyun sighed. She had forgotten about this brat's personality.
Simply harming this brat wouldn't incur such great hatred from him. However, if anyone dared to touch his loved ones, he would definitely make them pay ten times the price!
However … from this point of view, it also showed that Luo Zheng was a person who was true to his emotions.
"Alright, let's talk about these things later. With your current strength, not to mention those daoists, you won't be able to deal with a random Divine Realm expert. If you want to save your sister, you still need to increase your strength!" Su Lingyun said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed Su Lingyun out of the Admonition Hall.
After the Monster Slaying Trial, as well as the trip to the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng's strength had indeed increased by quite a bit. Moreover, he had stepped into the ranks of Xiantian lifeforms.
Outside the imperial capital, a Xiantian lifeform could almost dominate a region, enough to support a small family.
However, in the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, in the Blue Cloud Sect, they were far from enough.
After returning this time, Luo Zheng also decided to set a goal for himself, to devote himself to training hard.
When Luo Zheng once again stepped into Xiao Yufeng's outer sect, he caused another sensation.
News of Luo Zheng's various astonishing feats in the Monster Slaying Trial had already spread among the outer sect disciples.
Before Luo Zheng joined Xiao Yufeng's outer sect, the strongest person in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect was Hao Shige.
However, in this Monster Slaying Trial, Hao Shige was nothing in front of Luo Zheng!
"Luo Zheng killed a Monster General!"
"Even Tianyi Peak's Zhu Tianlai was only evenly matched with a Monster General. He was actually able to directly kill a Monster General! If it wasn't for him, the entire Tianyi Peak might have been wiped out! "
"He didn't just kill a Monster General. According to the news from Jade Maiden Peak, Luo Zheng faced several Monster Generals alone and killed them all!"
These outer sect disciples had also felt the demonic aura of the Monster Race. Even if they faced a Monster Soldier, they would find it hard to resist that demonic aura.
However, Luo Zheng was actually able to deal with a Monster General. Without a doubt, Luo Zheng had indeed become the idol in the hearts of the outer sect disciples!
This was because Luo Zheng's strength not only surpassed the outer sect, but also surpassed Hao Shige. Many outer sect disciples believed that even in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect, there was probably no one who was a match for Luo Zheng.
"Ah! Boss! This time you're awesome! "When Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and the others saw Luo Zheng, they all rushed forward and gave Luo Zheng a big hug.
Then, the two of them dodged to the side and were met with a big bear hug from Zhang Wuxian!
The four of them chatted and laughed as they walked towards the restaurant. Now that they were back, they naturally wanted to have a good get-together and drink some wine. They wouldn't return until they were drunk.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian were very excited. Before Luo Zheng returned, they had already heard all kinds of rumors. In regards to Luo Zheng being able to deal with a Monster General, they initially held a skeptical attitude. Later, when they heard that it was personally said by Lin Geng, they understood that there was really nothing in this world that the monstrous Luo Zheng couldn't do.
One must know that although Lin Geng wasn't ranked in the top five in the inner sect, he was still a very powerful existence. Lin Geng naturally wouldn't speak carelessly.
However, when they thought of the strength of a Monster General, which could scare them out of their wits with just a glance, Luo Zheng was able to personally kill it, the gap between him and an ordinary outer sect disciple was too big. Therefore, although they already believed it, deep in their hearts, they still didn't dare to believe it.
As they ate and chatted like this, Luo Zheng noticed that Mo Can was a little depressed, and his expression was somewhat unnatural.
"Brother Mo Can, I think you seem to have something on your mind?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Mo Can was from the imperial capital. Usually, he appeared to be somewhat carefree. It seemed that there was rarely anything that could make him unhappy. If he was really unhappy, something must have happened.
"Nothing! Brother Luo Zheng, I'm very happy that you're back today. Come, cheers! "Mo Can raised his cup and extended it to Luo Zheng.
The more Mo Can's expression was like this, the more Luo Zheng knew that something must have happened. Luo Zheng didn't raise his cup. Instead, he asked, "If you treat us as brothers, just tell me directly if you have any problems."
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian also looked at Mo Can. At this moment, they also noticed that something was wrong.
In the end, Mo Can suddenly smiled and said, "Actually, it's not a big deal. It's just that my family is going to hold a gathering next month. Actually, my Mo Family is also considered a noble family, but we're at the back of the noble families …"
When Zhang Wuxian heard Mo Can's words, he said, "Could it be that Mo Can is a member of the Mo family in North City?"
Zhang Wuxian's Zhang family's business spread to every corner of the imperial capital. They almost knew the entire huge family system of the imperial capital like the back of their hand. Therefore, when Mo Can said that his family was also a noble family, Zhang Wuxian immediately guessed it.
＝＝＝＝＝