Mo Can nodded. "Yes, I'm from the Mo Family in North City."
The Mo Family in North City wasn't a big landowning family, but the Mo Family's ancestor had once given birth to a hero, Mo Shaotian.
Mo Shaotian had once joined the army and led the Emperor's army to make great contributions. It was because of Mo Shaotian that the Mo Family, a small and unknown family, was granted the title of landowning family.
It was just that after Mo Shaotian appeared in the Mo Clan of the North City, there were no other outstanding figures. Therefore, although the Mo Clan was conferred the title of nobles, their development had always been lukewarm. They belonged to the last of the nobles, and only lived up to their name.
"Since Brother Mo Can is a landowning family descendant, why did you participate in the audition that day?" Luo Zheng asked, somewhat puzzled.
Luo Zheng remembered very clearly that Mo Can had signed up for the audition with him. If he was a landowning family descendant, he could have directly skipped that section.
Mo Can smiled. "The family didn't give me the landowning document, so I had no choice but to pass the audition."
At this time, Zhang Wuxian said, "It seems that Mo Can is being squeezed out of the family quite badly. Presumably, this time, he's also worried about the family's affairs?"
Mo Can nodded and said, "That's indeed the case. Although our Mo Family hasn't produced any outstanding figures these years, the whole family has worked very hard. For example, at this family gathering, my other sisters will also bring back the friends they made in the Blue Cloud Sect, but I don't know how to do it …"
In fact, Mo Can didn't say everything.
If a family wanted to develop, the most important thing was not only its own strength, but also its surrounding connections.
Landowning families were inextricably linked with each other. If a family wanted to develop and grow, one of the ways was to need the help of other landowning families.
Mo Can wasn't valued in the family from the beginning. Even because he wanted to enter the Blue Cloud Sect, he was ridiculed by his family. They didn't even help Mo Can with something as trivial as the landowning document.
However, in the end, Mo Can met Luo Zheng and passed the Blue Cloud Sect's examination by accident, becoming an outer sect disciple. This greatly exceeded the expectations of the Mo Family.
However, he was only an outer sect disciple, and was nothing in the Mo Family. Mo Can, along with his parents, was also being squeezed out.
This family gathering was was actually an opportunity to show off one's own connections.
According to Mo Can's knowledge, the Mo Family Patriarch had already gotten acquainted with a few of the landowning families' descendants. There were even descendants from the seven major landowning families who were willing to participate in the Mo Family's gathering.
In comparison, Mo Can didn't get to know anyone else other than Luo Zheng, Zhou Xian, Zhang Wuxian, and the others after entering the Blue Cloud Sect. He didn't even get to know a single landowning family's descendant.
After hearing Mo Can's words, Zhou Xian, who had been preoccupied with drinking wine, suddenly laughed out loud and said, "Mo Can, you're really something. I was wondering what was going on! Are you really stupid? Aren't the two people in front of you the best people to show off? Brother Wu Xian, Brother Luo Zheng, which one of them is worse than those landowning families? Even among the seven major landowning families, there aren't many who can be compared to them! "
Zhou Xian's words weren't wrong at all.
First, let's talk about Zhang Wuxian. Although the Zhang Family wasn't a landowning family, it was extremely wealthy. If one were to really talk about family strength, their Zhang Family indeed didn't have many experts. Even so, in the entire Eastern Region, there weren't many families who dared to touch the Zhang Family!
It could be said that ordinary small landowning families didn't have the qualifications to be compared to the Zhang Family and the Zhang Family. The Zhang Family was completely on par with the seven major landowning families.
As for Luo Zheng, there was no need to talk about him!
There were many geniuses among the seven major landowning families, but Zhou Xian could say with certainty that until now, no one could be compared to Luo Zheng.
Even if it were the disciples of the seven major landowning families who were in the limelight, with the speed of Luo Zheng's progress, it was only a matter of time before he surpassed them.
After Zhou Xian finished speaking, he patted Mo Can's shoulder and said, "I've already recommended them to you. Why don't you go and ask them if they agree to accompany you?"
"This, this …" Mo Can stammered for a moment.
In fact, Mo Can wasn't blind. Of course, he wanted to invite Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian to his home. It was just that he didn't know how to ask. He still felt a little inferior in front of Zhang Wuxian and Luo Zheng. Now that he was suddenly instigated by Zhou Xian, he actually didn't know how to speak.
Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian looked at each other, then looked at Mo Can together with smiles on their faces, waiting for Mo Can to speak.
Mo Can stammered for a long time before he finally gritted his teeth and said, "Brother Wuxian, Brother Luo Zheng, next month, I'll invite you to my home …"
Luo Zheng nodded at Zhang Wuxian. This was such a trivial matter, yet it made Mo Can feel conflicted for so long.
"Fuck, what about me?" Zhou Xian once again patted Mo Can's shoulder.
"Of course, there's also you," Mo Can added.
That night, the four drank a lot of wine and didn't disperse until late at night.
Luo Zheng returned to his room and sorted out the things he had obtained from this trip.
Luo Zheng's harvest from this trip to White Emperor City was quite bountiful. Besides the two crystals embedded in his arm, there was also a large pile of other random things, some of which were quite valuable.
For example, in the battle at the pavilion in the immortal residence, many Divine Reflection experts had fought each other. Many of their weapons were at the Spiritual level, and they had been scattered all over the ground. Luo Zheng had collected them one by one.
While collecting, Luo Zheng had found four spatial rings. One of them had a much larger space than the spatial ring in Luo Zheng's hand.
Even though the room allocated to him by the Blue Cloud Sect was very spacious, after Luo Zheng had scattered the items, they still filled up the entire room.
Luo Zheng slowly sorted out these things. Unwittingly, he had spent a whole night sorting them out.
In the next few days, besides cultivating, Luo Zheng also took a lot of time to visualize the Sun-Moon-Stars Map.
This Sun-Moon-Stars Map indeed had a very wonderful effect on martial artists.
Last time in the immortal residence, Luo Zheng's visualization had taken away a part of the stars' fortune. Now, Luo Zheng's Sky Demon Vital Energy contained a little bit of the power of the stars.
When the power of the stars exploded, the annihilation energy that emerged terrified even Luo Zheng himself.
"This is only a little bit of the stars' fortune. If I can take all of the stars' fortune, as well as the fortune of the sun and moon, then how terrifying will my Sky Demon Vital Energy be?" Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine.
However, when Luo Zheng visualized these days, he didn't have the wonderful feeling he had the first time.
Relatively speaking, the speed of his visualization and comprehension was greatly reduced. Presumably, it wouldn't be easy to "see through" this Sun-Moon-Stars Map. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was far from being possible.
In addition to visualizing the Sun-Moon-Stars Map, Luo Zheng also took time to consider cultivation methods.
The Blue Cloud Sect was known as the cultivation holy land for martial artists. In addition to possessing a vast amount of secret cultivation methods, the most attractive thing for martial artists was its cultivation grounds.
Previously, Luo Zheng had just entered the outer sect of the Blue Cloud Sect, so he didn't know about these things.
Moreover, he had been busy trying to earn points quickly. Because of this, he had even fallen out with Mentor Su.
After returning this time, Su Lingyun also believed that Luo Zheng needed to quickly improve his strength. Two days ago, she had sent someone to throw a jade slip to Luo Zheng.
Written on the jade slip were the various cultivation grounds of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Nine Yin Thunder Valley. You can use the Nine Yin Divine Thunder to temper your body …"
"Ice Culvert. Step into the culvert and cultivate in the extreme cold. You can temper your temperament and eliminate your inner demons!"
"Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform. Cultivating sword arts on this platform will increase your speed by ten times!"
Looking at these cultivation grounds, Luo Zheng was very tempted.
"Limitless Dao Heavy Path!" Seeing this, Luo Zheng recalled the path filled with powerful gravity when he participated in the sea test.
That powerful gravity could increase the speed of Luo Zheng's body-tempering by countless times. Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Xiantian Secret Realm, body-tempering was important, but it wasn't an urgent need. In the future, Luo Zheng might enter the "Limitless Dao Heavy Path," but for now, Luo Zheng wanted to find a better choice.
"Illusory Fish Deep Pool! In the deep pool, under the pressure, kill countless Illusory Demon Fishmen and temper yourself between life and death! "
This was it! Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
From the Flesh Refinement Realm to his current strength, Luo Zheng understood that there was nothing faster and more stable than raising one's strength between life and death!
The comprehension at the moment of life and death was often much more important than the usual cultivation, perhaps even much more important.
However, when Luo Zheng saw the small words at the bottom of the jade slip, he couldn't feel happy.
It turned out that these cultivation grounds weren't free.
Not only were they not free, but the fees were shockingly expensive.
Just like the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform, 80 points were deducted for two hours of cultivation.
The Limitless Dao Heavy Path was even more expensive. 120 points were deducted for two hours …
As for the Illusory Fish Deep Pool, 200 points were deducted for two hours …
It was too terrifying.
Luo Zheng's points were probably an astronomical figure compared to the outer sect disciples. It was impossible to afford.
Not to mention the outer sect disciples, even the inner sect disciples wouldn't be able to fill in so many points.
Luo Zheng had gone to Su Lingyun's place to do missions before, so he was quite clear about the points awarded for missions.
Generally, missions with low difficulty would only give a few points, while missions with high difficulty would require a considerable amount of time to complete.
Missions that might take ten days to half a month to complete wouldn't even be enough to stay in these cultivation grounds for two hours.
"Unless those aristocratic families spend large amounts of square crystals to buy points from the Blue Cloud Sect, then they would be able to support themselves. Ordinary disciples simply wouldn't be able to bear it!"
The Blue Cloud Sect was like a huge machine. Every month, the salaries of the deacons and managers of various levels, as well as the medicinal pills and monthly stipends received by the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, were enormous expenses every month.
In order to maintain these expenses, the Blue Cloud Sect had no choice but to seek high fees in certain areas.