The heavy water in this deep pool was extremely viscous.
When Luo Zheng jumped into the water, he didn't make much of a splash. Only a ripple appeared on the surface of the water, and then he slowly sank into the water.
Very quickly, Luo Zheng discovered that his diving speed was extremely slow. When Luo Zheng had drilled about one meter into the pool, he discovered that he couldn't go any further. The buoyancy of the heavy water was astonishing.
"I need to adjust my breathing and try to dive down in a vertical position." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng changed his posture. His whole body was facing down, and he waved his hands. Only then did he dive down at a slow speed.
After a martial artist entered the Viscera Refining Stage, their five viscera and six bowels would undergo a qualitative change. The air would automatically circulate in their lungs, allowing them to enter a state of tortoise-like breathing.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng took a deep breath on the shore, it was enough for him to support himself for a long time.
"Gudong, gudong …"
Although the heavy water in this deep pool was viscous, it was extremely clear. Even after sinking about one zhang, the surrounding scenery could still be seen clearly.
Previously, according to the introduction of the Illusory Fish Deep Pool, this Illusory Fish Deep Pool was almost bottomless. It was said that the Divine Reflection Stage martial artists of the Blue Cloud Sect had once dived three hundred meters into it, but no one had ever reached any deeper than that.
According to the areas that had been explored so far, there were a total of ten layers.
The first layer was thirty meters from the surface of the water. The second layer was thirty to sixty meters, and so on. After three hundred meters, there were ten layers.
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had entered the Illusory Fish Deep Pool to train. He didn't set a fixed goal for himself, but after deducting so many points in the past two hours, Luo Zheng would certainly make good use of it.
"Let's see what depth I can reach!"
Luo Zheng waved his hands, parting the layers of heavy water in front of him, and slowly pushed his way down.
After diving about twenty meters, not far from where Luo Zheng was, suddenly, a yellow thing slowly approached.
Luo Zheng focused his eyes and saw that it was something with a fish head and a human body.
"Illusory fish person!"
Before coming to the Illusory Fish Deep Pool, Luo Zheng already had a certain understanding of this deep pool.
A large illusory formation had been set up around the Illusory Fish Deep Pool. This enormous formation had been built around the Illusory Fish Deep Pool for a long time.
Because it was an ancient illusion array, it was said that the consumption of crystal stones was also quite astonishing. Thirty years ago, some people in the Blue Cloud Sect felt that this ancient illusion array consumed too much crystal stones. They wanted to stop using the Illusory Fish Pond as a secret place to save money.
However, that person's proposition was strongly opposed by many Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
This was because many Xiantian life forms felt that cultivating in this deep pool of Illusory Fish was extremely effective. Many Xiantian life forms had cultivated in this deep pool of Illusory Fish, and only then were they able to proudly break through their shackles.
................. but...................................... s.............
. The yellow Illusory fish person was holding a black spear in its hand. It swam nimbly in the heavy water.
All fish people were natural swimmers. Their skin had a thin layer of sticky mucous membrane. It was this membrane that allowed them to come and go freely in the water. Moreover, they had two gills on their huge fish heads, which allowed them to survive on the shore and absorb the oxygen in the water.
After the yellow fish person discovered Luo Zheng, its frog-like legs kicked hard in the water, and it rushed toward Luo Zheng. At the same time, it held the black spear in its scaly hands and stabbed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure moved very slowly in the heavy water.
At this moment, he saw the black spear piercing towards his body. However, it was extremely difficult for him to dodge it.
He waved his hands, trying to avoid the fish person's attack by quickly diving down.
But even after waving his hands dozens of times, he only managed to dive two meters.
Compared to the nimble fish person, who only took a breath to swim a few zhang in the heavy water, Luo Zheng's speed could be described as that of a turtle.
The black spear in the fish person's hand cut through the layers of heavy water and aimed directly at Luo Zheng's body.
Just as the spear tip was about to stab Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly moved his body in a hurry.
His entire body curled up like a fried prawn.
Luo Zheng's curling up abruptly avoided the fish person's black spear.
After avoiding the yellow fish person's spear, Luo Zheng rolled in the heavy water. While dodging, he made a counterattack. Most martial artists would do this.
Luo Zheng thought that while rolling, he would be able to reach out and catch the fish person.
But when he turned around and slowly reached out in that direction, he found that there was nothing in front of him. The fish person just kicked its pair of frog-like legs and quickly left Luo Zheng's attack range.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile.
If he was on the shore, it would be as easy as lifting his hand to get rid of the fish person.
However, in this heavy water environment, it was extremely difficult to do so.
This was also the significance of the Illusion Fish Deep Pond. It used the high intensity of the heavy water pressure to suppress martial artists and entangle them with the fish person in the deep water.
In the beginning, these martial artists might not be able to adapt. Their movements were clumsy and slow, and they might even be injured in this Illusion Formation.
But as the martial artists gradually adapted to the pressure of the heavy water and constantly overcame the difficulties of moving in the heavy water, their use of power and comprehension of fighting would have a qualitative leap.
Especially when the martial artists left the heavy water and returned to the shore, they would feel a burst of relaxation.
After the fish person swam forward for a while, it turned around and rushed toward Luo Zheng again.
"No, if this goes on, I won't be able to do anything to the fish person!" Luo Zheng deliberated in his heart and frowned slightly.
Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly. He gently flicked his finger, and the Heavenly Demon True Essence shot out along his finger. The Heavenly Demon True Essence carried a little bit of starlight and slowly spread in the heavy water.
The Heavenly Demon True Essence did not spread quickly in the heavy water, and Luo Zheng strangely found that his control of the Heavenly Demon True Essence was not as casual as it was outside.
In this deep pond, there were countless small turbulence and whirlpools. Under the influence of these turbulence and whirlpools, the Heavenly Demon True Essence was quickly divided and flowed in all directions.
Soon, under the guidance of the water flow, the Heavenly Demon True Essence spread out into a large irregular net.
But this large net could not effectively stop the fish person. On the contrary, the fish person nimbly shuttled back and forth in this large net, and once again raised the black spear and rushed toward Luo Zheng …
＝＝＝＝＝