Luo Zheng found it difficult to move in the heavy water.
The pressure of the heavy water was one of the problems, and the other problem came from the irregular turbulence and whirlpools in the water.
Every time Luo Zheng wanted to move horizontally or even to the side, not only would he be obstructed by the turbulence, his own movement would also stir up even more turbulence, causing the water around Luo Zheng to become even more chaotic.
"The speed of the water flow …"
Luo Zheng focused his gaze on the True Essence.
After the Heavenly Devil True Essence lost control of Luo Zheng, it drifted with the flow and gradually spread out.
At the same time, it also drew out the turbulence that was difficult to detect with the naked eye.
"If I go against the flow, I'll fall back if I don't advance, then what about following the flow?"
Luo Zheng's mind moved, and he decided not to resist the flow of water, but to follow the flow of water drawn by the Heavenly Devil True Essence.
Beside Luo Zheng, the flow of water carried the Heavenly Devil True Essence forward. This flow of water was rapid, and seeing the yellow fishman's spear getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng didn't have time to think. He slightly shifted his body, and his whole body was pulled into the flow of water.
After Luo Zheng's body entered the flow of water, his whole body was pulled along by the flow of water. In an instant, he was pulled along the flow of water for a distance of seven or eight meters.
Even though the yellow fishman's speed was very fast, Luo Zheng was pulled away by the flow of water just now, so he easily dodged the yellow fishman's spear.
The yellow fishman was obviously familiar with the turbulence in the pond. After its attack missed, it turned around and entered the turbulence as well. It followed the current and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Because the fishman was much more nimble than Luo Zheng in the water, the fishman and Luo Zheng were wrapped in the same flow of water, so the fishman's speed was also a bit faster than Luo Zheng's!
"Damn it, if I use the same flow of water, the fishman's speed is still faster than mine!"
Luo Zheng followed the flow of water. When he looked back, the fishman's speed was twice as fast as his, and it was fiercely attacking him with the black spear in its hand.
This time, Luo Zheng's body was in the turbulence, and there was no way to dodge. He could only watch as the black spear stabbed toward him.
But at this critical moment, from behind Luo Zheng, a whirlpool of turbulence suddenly swept over. That whirlpool of turbulence swept over, and directly cut off the flow of water behind Luo Zheng, while at the same time sucked the fishman into it..
The merman was caught in the whirlpool and could only stare at Luo Zheng as it spun. It was getting further and further away from Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng could not help but sigh at how close it was. Fortunately, at the critical moment, there was a whirlpool turbulence.
Being able to avoid the murloc's pursuit could only mean that his luck was good, but this did not solve the fundamental problem.
Training in the Illusion Fish Deep Pool, one must be able to freely shuttle through the heavy water. Otherwise, even if you were a top-notch expert, you wouldn't be able to display much power.
"What I encountered, others will also encounter it. I just don't know how they can overcome this difficulty." Luo Zheng regretted that he didn't ask Meng Changjun before.
In terms of information, Luo Zheng was far inferior to Meng Changjun and the other nobles. They had a huge network of connections, and their information was far more up-to-date than Luo Zheng's. Before coming, they only needed to inquire a little bit to obtain the basic skills, as well as how to deal with it.
"They have others to teach them the skills, but the first person to enter the Fantasy Fish Pond didn't have a third person to teach him. So he must have comprehended it on his own. Since the first person to enter the pond could comprehend it on his own, then I can do the same!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng once again slowly released his True Essence. The Heavenly Demon True Essence flowed along the flow of water, like oil floating in the water, and spread everywhere.
At this moment, apart from having a certain protective effect on Luo Zheng, the True Essence didn't have much room to play.
While releasing his True Essence, Luo Zheng saw a school of small fish swimming over from not far away. The fish's head was a little scarlet, and the rest of their body was silver-white.
These small fish were easy to recognize. They were the "Red Dace" that could be eaten in the entire Eastern Region.
The school of Red Dace swam freely in the water. In comparison, their movements in the water were much more agile than the fishmen, and they weren't affected by the flow of water at all.
To them, moving from one stream of water to another was something they could do with just a flick of their tails.
"Swaying? Tails? "
Seeing the swimming posture of the Red Dace, Luo Zheng's heart was slightly moved.
Fish relied on the swaying of their tails to generate thrust, allowing them to move nimbly in the water.
The yellow fishmen, on the other hand, used their legs to generate a force to move forward. They could also swim quickly in the water, but their speed and flexibility were much slower than the Red Dace.
As for Luo Zheng himself, he relied on his hands, feet, and even his body to move clumsily in the water. Sometimes, when Luo Zheng was in a hurry, he didn't even advance, but instead retreated …
He didn't have the frog-like legs of the yellow fishmen, but he could imitate the Red Dace.
After entering the Xiantian Secret Realm, it wasn't too difficult for Luo Zheng to transform his True Essence.
When warriors cultivated their True Essence, they only needed to constantly visualize it to be able to transform it into the shape they wanted.
Many warriors, after practicing a special cultivation method, would often follow the method in the cultivation method to visualize a certain object.
For example, Wang Yanmiao cultivated the Lotus Treasure Mirror, a heaven-class cultivation method. She visualized a lotus, and her True Essence condensed into the shape of a lotus, which was especially realistic and enchanting.
The Divine Reflection Realm expert in White Emperor City, Xu Xiu, cultivated a technique related to dragons. However, it was too difficult to find a dragon to visualize. Xu Xiu should have gone to visualize a dragon-shaped sculpture before finally transforming the vital essence in his body into a giant dragon.
In fact, according to the immortal in the immortal's abode, it wasn't wise for people in the Eastern Region to visualize in this way.
The shape of the True Essence wasn't important. What was important was the qualitative improvement of one's True Essence after visualization. Therefore, the Sun-Moon-Star Map that Luo Zheng had obtained from the immortal's abode didn't care what Luo Zheng's True Essence would turn into after visualization. The most important thing was the improvement of Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence after visualization!
The longer one visualized, the more realistic the True Essence would become.
The shorter the visualization time, the worse the appearance and power of the object formed from True Essence would be.
At this moment, Luo Zheng wanted to use his True Essence to visualize the tail of a fish.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have anything to refer to. The school of Red Dace had already swum away, so Luo Zheng could only rely on his own memory to materialize his True Essence.
"Condense for me!"
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and released the Heavenly Demon True Essence at the same time. His mind was immersed in a deep fantasy. He was desperately searching his mind for his usual impression of the fish tail.
Under Luo Zheng's control, the Heavenly Demon True Essence quickly gathered together and constantly condensed into the shape he wanted according to Luo Zheng's imagination.
After a while, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and looked behind him. He wanted to see what the fish tail he had condensed looked like.
However, when he turned his head and looked, he was suddenly speechless.
How was that a fish tail?
Not to mention that it was lifelike, Luo Zheng didn't have enough time to visualize the fish. He only needed to visualize the general shape. Therefore, this "fish tail" didn't even have a color. It was just pure black.
Not only that, but the entire "fish tail" looked like it had been bitten by a puppy. The edges were bumpy and there wasn't a single part that was intact. There were also a few huge holes in the middle of the fish tail.
Luo Zheng tried to control the movement of the fish tail, but under his control, the fish tail did indeed move. However, the water flowed through the extremely irregular edges of the fish tail and the holes in the fish tail.
The effect wasn't good!
Although the movement of this crude fish tail did produce a small push force, it was too weak to solve Luo Zheng's current problem.
He could only try meditating again.
At this moment, there was a school of Red Dace on Luo Zheng's left that was surging towards him.
These Red Dace weren't afraid of people. The large school of Red Dace was bustling with activity, almost covering Luo Zheng.
On Luo Zheng's left, right, and side, there were almost all Red Dace.
Looking at these Red Dace, Luo Zheng thought to himself, "Using my own memories to visualize my True Essence isn't very effective. In that case, I might as well use a Red Dace as a reference to visualize!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng carefully extended his hand towards the Red Dace.
Fish's perception was extremely sensitive. Fortunately, Luo Zheng didn't release any killing intent. Many Red Dace didn't avoid Luo Zheng's hand and slithered past Luo Zheng's hand. Occasionally, they would even touch Luo Zheng's skin.
After Luo Zheng took a good look, he suddenly reached out and pinched a Red Dace in his hand.
That Red Dace was still moving its tail, trying to break free from Luo Zheng's hand. However, how could a small fish escape from Luo Zheng's strength?
When the other Red Dace saw that Luo Zheng had caught one, they immediately scattered. The dense school of Red Dace immediately ran away, leaving only the one in Luo Zheng's hand.
At this moment, Luo Zheng tightly stared at the Red Dace in his hand, seizing the opportunity to visualize.
He emitted the Heavenly Demon True Essence from his body and once again began to visualize his True Essence.
With a reference in front of him, visualizing was naturally much more convenient. After a while, the Heavenly Demon True Essence slowly condensed, condensing into a fish tail behind Luo Zheng.
Although the fish tail formed by the True Essence this time was still a monotonous purple-black, and its appearance was still terrible to look at, it was much more reliable than last time.
Luo Zheng controlled this fish tail to sway slightly and felt a huge push coming from behind him!
As the frequency of the fish tail's sway increased, the push became stronger and stronger. Luo Zheng's body was like those Red Dace, quickly moving in the water.
After Luo Zheng's speed increased, Luo Zheng passed through the turbulence and whirlpools in the water without being affected at all.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a smile. Then, he quickly shuttled back and forth in the water, adapting to this fish tail.
After shuttling back and forth like this for about the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng's body was already quite agile. Although he couldn't compare to the Red Dace, Luo Zheng was now even faster than the fishman!