Luo Zheng spent a lot of time going from the surface of the pond to two meters below the water surface. But now, Luo Zheng only needed to dive deep into the pond, and at the same time, he rapidly swung his fishtail. His body was like a sharp arrow shot into the water, pushing deeper and deeper into the pond.
In a short while, Luo Zheng dived 50 meters below the surface of the pond.
Just as he broke through 50 meters, three yellow dots appeared not far from him. The three yellow dots rapidly grew bigger. When Luo Zheng saw them clearly, he slightly narrowed his eyes. "Three fishmen!"
Previously, when facing a fishman in the pond, Luo Zheng was battered and exhausted. He could do nothing but passively run away.
But now, after discovering the three fishmen, Luo Zheng didn't choose to run away. On the contrary, he swung his fishtail and rushed towards the three fishmen.
After discovering Luo Zheng, the three yellow fishmen formed a triangle, one in front and two behind, and rushed towards Luo Zheng. They were still holding black spears in their hands, and the sharp spears were still gleaming with a faint cold light in the water.
Luo Zheng rushed towards them. Before approaching the fishman in the front, he suddenly twisted his body, and at the same time, his fishtail crazily flapped behind him.
Using the thrust of his fishtail, Luo Zheng circled around the fishman, and forcibly avoided the spear that was thrusting towards him. At the same time, he circled behind the fishman, and stretched out his hands to grab the fishman's huge head.
"Die!"
These fishmen's heads were the hardest, and had a thick natural carapace. But after Luo Zheng's hands fixed it, he was able to fully exert his enormous and unparalleled strength.
Luo Zheng exerted his strength, and forcibly tore the fishman's head apart!
After its entire head was torn apart, the fishman was definitely dead. In a short while, this fishman turned into specks of colorful light, and disappeared into the water …
The fishmen in the Fantasy Fish Pond were transformed by the ancient Fantasy Formation around the pond. They weren't real existences. Only the red carps could be counted as the original inhabitants of this pond.
After dealing with the first fish-man, the other two fish-men brandished their black spears from two different angles and stabbed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's reaction speed was far faster than these fishmen's. It was just that he wasn't familiar with the water before, but now that he gradually grasped how to swim in heavy water, dodging the two spears was naturally not an issue. When he tore apart the first fishman's head, the tail behind his body already began to move, and he quickly floated upwards.
Luo Zheng immediately dodged the two black spears.
At the same time, Luo Zheng suddenly rotated 180 degrees in the water. Luo Zheng's head was facing downwards. Before the two fishmen could retrieve their black spears, Luo Zheng had already stretched out his hands to grab the two spears.
With a forceful tug, the two black spears were seized by Luo Zheng. At the same time, Luo Zheng stabbed the two spears at the two fishmen. With the sharpness of the black spears, the two fishmen were pierced through in an instant.
In the water, Luo Zheng couldn't hear the surrounding sounds clearly. He only saw the two fishmen emit colorful lights, and then they disappeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
… …
Outside the Fantasy Fish Pond, Meng Changjun and that deacon were sitting on a stone bench, quietly waiting for Luo Zheng to leave the pond.
Actually, Meng Changjun originally had other things to do today, but now that he saw Luo Zheng enter the pond, he put his own matters aside for the time being.
When he was in the Southern Dragon Castle, Luo Zheng had already displayed a rather astonishing strength.
At that time, Luo Zheng hadn't entered the Xiantian Secret Realm, and hadn't become a Xiantian lifeform. However, the strength he possessed was something that even Meng Changjun didn't dare to underestimate.
Now that they hadn't seen each other for many days, Meng Changjun also wanted to see how far Luo Zheng had progressed.
"That Luo Zheng didn't listen to my advice. Although this Fantasy Fish Pond is an illusory formation, it's still under the high pressure of the heavy water. If he doesn't control it well, he may be injured." That deacon shook his head, but his eyes were fixed on a formation plate next to the stone bench.
There were many kinds of formations: illusory formations, killing formations, bewildering formations, absolute formations … …
Every formation had a different purpose. For example, illusory formations were set up to be used for cultivation and testing. The effect was the best, and also the most convenient.
All illusory formations had one thing in common: there was a formation plate to control and monitor the operation of the formation.
For example, when Luo Zheng was participating in the Bloody Mountain Trial, Zhong Ming had controlled the illusory formation to release that demon to chase after Luo Zheng.
The illusory formation plate next to the deacon had the same effect. That illusory formation plate could not only control the illusory fishmen inside, but could also monitor the location of the person inside the formation.
"Hey, this Luo Zheng encountered the first fishman. This fishman is chasing after Luo Zheng!" The deacon said while staring at the formation plate.
Meng Changjun also came over and looked at the formation plate. On the formation plate, there was a yellow dot that was rapidly approaching Luo Zheng.
Meng Changjun, who had just climbed out of the Fantasy Fish Pond, was most aware of how difficult it was to deal with the fishmen in the pond. When Meng Changjun entered the Fantasy Fish Pond for the first time, he received guidance and teachings from his family elders on how to deal with the fishmen. At the same time, he also took a Water Repelling Pill.
After taking this Water Repelling Pill, it could form a small Zhen Yuan membrane on the surface of Meng Changjun's body. With this Zhen Yuan membrane, his movement speed in the water could increase by 50%.
Even though he was fully prepared, when Meng Changjun encountered the first fishman, he was still in a very difficult situation.
After dodging a few times, he was stabbed by the fishman and was then forcefully sent out of the water by the illusory formation.
"Luo Zheng is not a descendant of a landowning household. Looking at his appearance, he doesn't seem to know much about the Fantasy Fish Pond. It's still a bit early for him to rush in rashly. I think he will most likely be killed out of the water by this fishman." Even if Meng Changjun thought highly of Luo Zheng, he still did not believe that Luo Zheng could avoid the fishman's attack when he had just entered the Fantasy Fish Pond.
Luo Zheng was a genius, but a genius was not omnipotent.
Soon, that yellow dot approached Luo Zheng, but slid past Luo Zheng's side.
"This kid is lucky. The fishman's first attack did not stab Luo Zheng." The deacon laughed. As a deacon, he had guarded the Fantasy Fish Pond for many years. Naturally, he had seen all kinds of situations.
Meng Changjun also nodded. "He was lucky to avoid it the first time, but now he must be flustered. It will be difficult for him to avoid it the second time!"
As soon as Meng Changjun finished speaking, he saw the yellow dot rush toward Luo Zheng again. However, Luo Zheng still dodged it.
Immediately after, the formation disk showed that Luo Zheng was moving quickly. The yellow dot chased after him. In the end, that yellow dot was actually shaken off by Luo Zheng.
"Hehe, this kid's luck is really extraordinary!" The deacon laughed dryly.
Meng Changjun did not speak. His gaze was still fixed on the formation disk.
In the end, the formation disk showed that Luo Zheng did not move much. Instead, he floated in the water in a daze.
"What is he thinking? Are you afraid to dive any deeper? " The deacon looked at the formation disk and frowned. Some people, for the sake of face and to prevent others from thinking that they could not last long in the Fantasy Fish Pond, simply dived into the pond, found a hidden place, and waited for time to run out.
After all, for some descendants of landowning households, face was much more important than the Blue Cloud Sect's points and Fang Jingshi.
Meng Changjun shook his head. "Luo Zheng is not a descendant of landowning households. He would not do that."
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't do such a thing. That sort of illusory face had nothing to do with him. Not to mention, although he had plenty of square crystals on hand and had tens of thousands of them, this wasn't the way to spend money. Even if it was 200 points per hour, Luo Zheng would still feel the pinch. Why would he waste time here?
This formation disk could only lock onto Luo Zheng's position. It could not see what was happening inside. Moreover, the school of Red Carps was not created by this illusory formation. Therefore, the formation disk could not detect the Red Carps. Therefore, Meng Changjun and the deacon naturally did not know that Luo Zheng stood motionless in the same place. In fact, he was adapting to the heavy water environment and thinking of a way to deal with it.
When Luo Zheng began to move again, the formation disk showed that Luo Zheng's speed had increased explosively in an instant!
"This, this …" The deacon's eyes suddenly widened. Looking at Luo Zheng's speed of movement in the Illusory Fish Pond, he was so shocked that he could not speak.
Meng Changjun also had a shocked expression. Although he stayed behind, he was indeed curious. At the same time, he had some faint expectations of Luo Zheng. He felt that Luo Zheng was very likely to do something beyond his expectations.
Luo Zheng's speed of movement in the heavy water had indeed exceeded Meng Changjun's expectations. Moreover, it had greatly exceeded his expectations!
This speed of movement was too terrifying!
Not to mention that this was the first time Meng Changjun had entered the heavy water. Even now, Meng Changjun could not reach this speed.
The small dot representing Luo Zheng on the formation disk moved extremely quickly. Then, it rapidly approached the three yellow dots representing the Fishmen. In an instant, the three yellow dots disappeared from the formation disk.
After seeing this scene, Meng Changjun and the deacon both fell silent.
At this moment, the shadow of the needle on the sundial next to them had only moved half a scale. Only half an hour had passed.