The deacon's words were an instinctive reaction. However, he remembered clearly that this was the first time Luo Zheng's disciple card had been registered with him.
He was sure that this was the first time Luo Zheng came to the Fantasy Fish Pond to practice.
Compared to Meng Changjun, this deacon was even more shocked.
The Fantasy Fish Pond was not only targeted at Xiantian lifeforms.
Because from the surface of the pond to the depth of 300 meters, there were ten different levels of difficulty.
Generally speaking, Xiantian lifeforms could at most complete the first five levels, which was to dive to a depth of about 150 meters.
The Fantasy Fish Pond's heavy water was much heavier than ordinary water.
And the deeper one dived, the higher the water pressure was.
At 10 meters, the water pressure was only about 250 kilograms, but at 30 meters, it was about 2000 kilograms, and at 100 meters, it reached a terrifying several tens of thousands of kilograms.
150 meters was the limit of Xiantian lifeforms.
Moreover, when Xiantian lifeforms practiced in the Fantasy Fish Pond, not only did they have to resist the terrifying water pressure, they also had to face those mermen in the illusion formation.
And the mermen's strength also increased with the depth of the pond.
The yellow Fantasy Fish Man at the top was the weakest among the mermen, about the same as a Level Four merman, and about the same as a half-step Xiantian human.
And at the depth of 30 to 60 meters, there would be yellow mermen, as well as a kind of light blue merman that was smaller in size but faster in speed.
The blue merman's strength was about the Xiantian Realm Level One.
Further down, 60 meters, there would be even more powerful murlocs.
Therefore, generally speaking, even a Xiantian Realm Level Nine expert would find it difficult to break through the limit of 150 meters.
However, there was no lack of various geniuses in the Blue Cloud Sect.
It was said that 200 years ago, there was indeed a genius who dived to a depth of 190 meters with the strength of a Xiantian lifeform. Generally, only Divine Reflection Realm experts could dive to that depth.
That genius could be said to be unprecedented, but at that time, his strength was also at the Xiantian Realm Level Eight.
After killing the three mermen, Luo Zheng did not stay for too long, but continued to dive.
With his current speed, he could control the fishtail on his back and dive down rapidly.
But this time, Luo Zheng did not come to the Fantasy Fish Pond to pursue the depth of the water. His main purpose was to practice.
After breaking through 60 meters, some more blue mermen appeared in the surrounding waters.
The weapons in the hands of these blue mermen were some kind of hand axe made of animal bones. Compared to the yellow mermen, the blue mermen were smaller in size, especially their fish heads, which were flat and sharp!
The blue mermen were faster and had more explosive power.
If Luo Zheng hadn't condensed that fishtail, he probably wouldn't have been able to last one round against this blue fishman.
However, at this moment, he was still able to maintain a certain advantage in terms of speed against these Blue Mermen!
At the same time, six mermen Xiantian Realm Level mermen........
Although Luo Zheng's speed was much faster than the blue murlocs, it was not easy to shake them off so easily.
"Rumble …"
Seeing that the distance between them and Luo Zheng could not be shortened, the blue mermen behind him threw the hand axes in their hands.
The hand axes made of animal bones spun in the water, creating a dense bubble, unceasingly cutting the water and sweeping toward Luo Zheng.
Six hand axes, three of them went toward Luo Zheng's back, while the other three blocked Luo Zheng's way.
"These blue mermen are far more ferocious than the yellow mermen, and their reactions are also much faster. It seems that it is almost impossible to get rid of them by relying on speed alone. Let's try this!" Luo Zheng took out the broken throwing knife from the sumeru ring.
After entering the pond, Luo Zheng did not use any weapons.
After all, the environment in the water was completely different from that in the air, and his throwing knife always had the advantage in speed.
If he lost the advantage in speed, the throwing knife's power would be greatly reduced.
The broken throwing knife was as sharp as ever. Even in the water, with the sharpness of the throwing knife, it could quickly cut through the heavy water's barriers.
However, the heavy water still had a great influence on the broken throwing knife. Luo Zheng's throwing knife only hit one of the hand axes, and then its power was reduced, and it was swept away by the turbulence.
However, after cutting through one of the hand axes, it opened a gap for Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng broke out of the encirclement through that gap.
Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond that of the blue mermen, but compared to the hand axes they threw, the power of the broken throwing knife was much smaller. Why was that?
He thought about this question while getting rid of the pursuit of the blue mermen.
Luo Zheng noticed that the hand axes themselves were nothing special. They were just ordinary animal bones.
However, after the hand axes were thrown, they were constantly rotating, and in the high-speed rotation, countless tiny bubbles visible to the naked eye were produced.
After those bubbles wrapped around the hand axes, it seemed to have greatly increased the speed of the hand axes in the water.
"Bubbles?"
How did these bubbles come about? Is it because of the rotation of the hand axes?
If it is rotation, I can also do it.
Luo Zheng gently bit his thumb, and the broken throwing knife that was swept into the water automatically came back.
When the throwing knife was thrown out by Luo Zheng again, it also started to rotate.
However, the speed of the broken throwing knife's rotation was not slower than that of the hand axes, but other than stirring up a group of whirlpools in the heavy water, it didn't produce any bubbles. After a while, the throwing knife stopped rotating due to the resistance of the water.
"It seems that the hand axes didn't produce bubbles because of the rotation, but seemed to use some other method!"
In order to solve this doubt, when the blue mermen attacked Luo Zheng again, he dodged the other hand axes, and unexpectedly reached out to grab one of the hand axes.
Just as Luo Zheng's hand touched that hand axe, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his hand.
His face suddenly changed, and he quickly retracted his hand.
Then he saw that there were many small wounds on his hand.
If it wasn't for his body being as hard as a spirit weapon, at this moment his whole hand would have been crippled.
"So that's how it is!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood why these hand axes were able to produce so many bubbles.
It turned out that when the hand axes were rotating, they were constantly vibrating at an extremely fast speed, and because of this constant vibration, they were able to produce so many bubbles!
After being wrapped in these bubbles, the hand axes seemed to be rotating in the air, and their speed was a lot faster!
However, how did they manage to make the hand axes vibrate?
At this moment, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to dive down. The purpose of entering the Illusory Fish Deep Pond was to practice. If he could learn some ability in the Illusory Fish Deep Pond, the points spent would be worth it.
Luo Zheng used his speed to create a space between himself and the blue mermen.
Although these hand axes were a threat to Luo Zheng, they were not fatal. Moreover, even if Luo Zheng was really killed by them because of his own mistakes, he would not die in the illusion array, and would only be sent to the surface of the Illusory Fish Deep Pond.
After keeping a certain distance from the blue mermen, Luo Zheng lured them to use their hand axes to attack him.
The moment the blue merman attacked, Luo Zheng suddenly saw clearly that its short and vigorous claws became blurred in a flash.
At the same time, the hand axes in its hands also became blurred.
"Sure enough, the moment it threw out the hand axes, the merman's claws were vibrating at an extremely fast speed!" Luo Zheng stared at the merman closely.
At the same time of vibration, a large number of tiny bubbles suddenly emerged. After the bubbles formed a certain number and wrapped the hand axes, the merman threw out the hand axes.
The world was big, and there were all kinds of strange things. All kinds of strange flowers, strange grasses, birds, and beasts all had their own abilities.
Strictly speaking, this blue merman was not a particularly powerful creature, but it also had its own special ability.
Many creatures were unable to vibrate at such a high frequency, but it was able to achieve this by relying on its strong and powerful forelimbs.
It was difficult for an ordinary human body to increase the frequency of vibration to such a terrifying level.
But Luo Zheng's body did not have this problem.
First, his body was much stronger than ordinary people, and could bear the negative effects of vibration on his body. Second, his right hand was inlaid with a phoenix soaring crystal, which could greatly increase Luo Zheng's speed.
Now that he had understood the root of the vibration, Luo Zheng's figure flashed in the water, avoiding the hand axes that were shot at him. At the same time, he pulled back the broken throwing knife, tightly holding it in his hand.
The energy of the phoenix soaring crystal escaped from his arm, and along the meridians in his arm, it spread all over his arm.
"Vibration?"
Luo Zheng slightly narrowed his eyes, and his right arm began to swing up and down.
At first, the amplitude of his swing was relatively large, as if he was waving his arm.
But soon, his swinging motion became smaller and smaller, and the movement distance became shorter and shorter.
As the amplitude of his swinging motion became smaller and smaller, the speed also became faster and faster!
After a while, Luo Zheng's entire arm gradually became blurred. Although it was clear that it was his arm, because of the extremely high speed of vibration, it was difficult to see clearly with the naked eye.
At the same time, a large number of fine bubbles began to be produced along Luo Zheng's arm.
"Rumble, rumble …"
Luo Zheng's arm was like a piece of boiling water. Once the rolling bubbles were produced, they immediately floated to the top of the deep pool.
In addition to Luo Zheng's arm, the broken throwing knife in his right hand was also vibrating at a very high frequency.
"Hit it!"
At the same time of the high-speed vibration, Luo Zheng suddenly threw out the broken throwing knife!
"Rumble …"
Naturally, the sound of breaking air couldn't be heard in the water, but when the broken throwing knife flew out, it dragged out a series of fine bubbles.
At this moment, the speed of the broken throwing knife had increased by more than ten times.
The flying knife's speed was only a little slower than in the air, but in the heavy water, its speed was already astonishingly terrifying!
At this moment, the hand axes thrown by the blue fishman suddenly paled in comparison.
Not far away, the blue fishman didn't expect that Luo Zheng could copy its technique in such a short time. When it saw the flying knife wrapped in a series of bubbles flying towards it, it kicked its frog-like legs and wanted to escape.
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't give it a chance. Although the blue fishman had avoided the flying path of the broken throwing knife, Luo Zheng just stretched out his hand, and the broken throwing knife was suddenly pulled in an arc, cutting towards the blue fishman, cutting the blue fishman into a little shining light spot …
＝＝＝＝＝