After mastering this method of using vibration to increase his speed, dealing with the remaining blue fishmen was a lot easier.
After several shuttles, these six blue fishmen were cleanly killed by him.
Taking back the throwing knives in his hand, Luo Zheng quietly floated in the deep pool, overlooking the bottom of the pool. Without thinking much, Luo Zheng continued to dive down.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had forgotten that the two hours he had agreed upon was almost up.
"Six blue fishmen were also killed by him …" On the stone bench outside the Fantasy Fish Pool, the deacon had already been shocked for a long time, and his expression was somewhat sluggish.
At this moment, it was Meng Changjun who was indifferent.
After returning from the south, Meng Changjun had been in closed-door training until now. After his strength had greatly improved, he came to the Fantasy Fish Pool to train today.
Even after his strength had greatly improved, Meng Changjun could only dive to a depth of seventy meters under sufficient preparation. If he encountered more blue fishmen below, Meng Changjun would not be able to cope.
But Luo Zheng had dived deeper than him on his first try, and had even killed six blue fishmen. Luo Zheng could only be described with the word "abnormal".
However, Meng Changjun did not feel the slightest bit dispirited. Although Luo Zheng's performance was indeed quite discouraging, Meng Changjun himself was already on good terms with Luo Zheng, and had also made Luo Zheng owe his Meng Family a favor in the south.
With Luo Zheng's cultivation speed, his future strength would certainly not be underestimated. Thinking of what Luo Zheng had said to him, perhaps in the future he could really help the Meng Family solve a lot of problems.
Therefore, the better Luo Zheng's performance was, the higher Meng Changjun's expectations were.
At this time, another group of people came up along the bluestone slab.
There were about seven or eight people in that group, and all of them wore black robes. Obviously, they were all inner sect disciples.
In fact, those who came to the Fantasy Fish Pool to train were basically only inner sect disciples. To be more certain, basically only gentry children.
Outer court disciples were not strong enough and could not go down at all. Even for inner court disciples, there were very few who could afford so many points to cultivate in the Fantasy Fish Pond.
"Old Cao, is there anyone else in the Illusory Fish Pond?" A green-faced young man in the lead asked from afar.
The deacon's surname was Cao. Most of the people who were familiar with him called him Old Cao.
When Deacon Cao saw the outer sect disciple, he quickly stood up and said with a smile, "Young Master Pei Hen? There are still people in the Illusory Fish Pond, but the two hours he set are almost up. "
Pei Hen? When Meng Changjun heard this name, he frowned slightly.
The seven landowning households schemed against each other.
However, no matter how fiercely they fought in the dark, they were at least harmonious on the surface.
However, the Pei family of Wei River and the Meng family of Wang Chuan had never been on good terms.
This person called Pei Hen was also a direct descendant of the Pei Clan, and had the same status as Meng Chang Jun. However, this Pei Hen was older than Meng Chang Jun, and his strength was naturally much stronger than Meng Chang Jun. He had already stepped into the Xiantian Full Circle realm, and was only a step away from the Divine Reflection realm.
Presumably, Pei Hen had also been using this time to break through his shackles and step into the Divine Reflection realm.
The Pei and Meng families had never been on good terms, and Meng Chang Jun was not afraid of Pei Hen. However, at this moment, his expression was indifferent as he sat to the side, as if he did not see this group of people.
The youth called Pei Hen slowly walked up and stared at the illusory formation in Deacon Cao's hand, asking, "How much longer do we have to wait?"
"Young Master Pei Hen, that person went in at one in the afternoon. Look at the needle on the sundial, that person went in at one in the afternoon and will come out at five in the afternoon. The time is almost up, and he should be coming out soon," Deacon Cao said respectfully, clearly showing great respect for this Pei Hen.
This was also because the Pei family had many elders who held important positions in the Blue Cloud Sect. One of them was even Deacon Cao's immediate superior. If Deacon Cao wanted to be promoted in the future, he would have to rely on the Pei family.
Pei Hen glanced indifferently at the sundial and the shadow needle on it, saying, "The time is up. Hurry up and call him out!"
"Young Master Pei Hen, please wait a moment. Since you're already here, a quarter of an hour won't make a difference!" Deacon Cao knew that Pei Hen was an impatient person, but there were people in the illusory fish pond. He could not possibly drag Luo Zheng out now.
Seeing this, Young Master Pei Hen nodded and gestured for the group behind him to sit down.
After a while, Deacon Cao stared at the formation plate and frowned, saying, "It's almost time. Luo Zheng still has no intention of coming out?"
Meng Changjun looked at the formation plate and saw that Luo Zheng was still diving deeper. Just now, he seemed to have encountered a few waves of fishmen. Now, he had already reached a depth of 90 meters. Did this kid not have a limit? At a depth of 90 meters, the pressure of the heavy water was extremely great.
If it was an ordinary person, they would have been crushed into a meat patty by the water pressure.
Even a Xiantian lifeform would find it difficult to resist the invisible pressure. However, it seemed that Luo Zheng was still diving.
Meng Chang Jun was also very curious as to how deep Luo Zheng could dive. He said to Deacon Cao, "Maybe he wants to test his limit!"
"But the time is up. There are still people waiting outside …" Deacon Cao was also somewhat anxious at this moment.
As a deacon of the Blue Cloud Sect, he had very good foresight.
He was very clear about Luo Zheng's potential. Such a stunning performance was rare even in the Blue Cloud Sect. If he was given time to grow up, he would certainly become a famous big shot in the future. Deacon Cao could only try to curry favor with him now.
However, he was even more clear about Young Master Pei Hen's temper.
A descendant of a great aristocratic family simply did not know how to reason with others.
Moreover, Pei Hen had had conflicts with other people before. At that time, they were arguing about who should enter the illusory fish pond first. They had fought here and caused a huge ruckus. Pei Hen's temper was very bad.
Making him wait for 15 minutes today was already giving him enough face.
At this moment, Pei Hen's face was already showing displeasure. Usually, it was others who waited for him. When did he have to wait for others?
"That brat still hasn't come out? Deacon Cao, didn't you say it's 5 in the afternoon? It's already 5 in the afternoon. "Pei Hen said in a deep voice.
Deacon Cao said with a smile, "Wait a little longer. Just wait a little longer. He should be out soon!"
Pei Hen suddenly stood up and said, "There's no need to wait. Since the time is up, use the formation plate to force him out!"
"This …" Deacon Cao's face showed an awkward expression. If he really used the formation plate to force Luo Zheng out, he would offend Luo Zheng. However, if he did not listen to Pei Hen, he would also offend Pei Hen.
If he offended Luo Zheng, at most, he would be in a bit of trouble in the future. After all, Luo Zheng's current status as an outer sect disciple was not enough to threaten Deacon Cao. However, if he offended Pei Hen, he would go back and greet his elders. His days in the Blue Cloud Sect would be very difficult.
After weighing the pros and cons, Deacon Cao quickly made a choice. He had to choose the lesser of two evils. There was no other way. He could only offend Luo Zheng.
Thus, he opened the formation plate and extended his finger. He was about to activate the formation and directly pull Luo Zheng out of the Illusion Fish Pond.
However, before he could touch the formation plate, Meng Changjun stopped him and said, "Deacon Cao, is there a need to be in such a hurry?"
"But, but …" Hearing Meng Changjun's words, Deacon Cao felt a headache coming on. Although this Meng Changjun was amiable, he was also a member of the seven noble families. Wei River's Pei family was not to be trifled with. Could it be that the Forgotten River's Meng family was easy to deal with?
Pei Hen's cold gaze swept across Meng Changjun. Actually, he had seen Meng Changjun the moment he came up and naturally recognized him as a member of the Meng family.
It was just that the Pei and Meng families had always been at odds. It was still alright between the elders. They would still maintain proper etiquette when meeting each other. It was just that there were hidden meanings in their words.
However, the tempers of the younger generation of the Pei and Meng families were not so easily controlled. In different places in the imperial capital, there had already been several disputes and fights.
Thus, when Pei Hen saw Meng Changjun, he acted as if he did not see him.
He was here to cultivate today and did not want to have a conflict with Meng Changjun. Everyone just turned a blind eye and minded their own business.
However, Pei Hen did not expect that Meng Changjun would dare to find trouble with him first when he did not provoke him.
This Meng Changjun's strength was far inferior to his. If they really fought now, this kid would definitely be at a disadvantage. Thinking of the Meng family's arrogant appearance, Pei Hen thought to himself, 'If this kid really doesn't know what's good for him, I'll make him suffer today!'
"Meng Changjun, it's time for me to cultivate. What's wrong? If that kid inside continues to stay here, I'll keep waiting here? "Pei Hen asked in a deep voice.
Meng Changjun shook his head, "The person inside is my friend. He has no intention of taking up your time. However, he set a time limit of two hours. Now, it's not enough. It's okay. The extra time can be deducted from my points."
Pei Hen's eyes revealed a trace of cold light, "Deduct your points? Do you think you can deduct as you wish? Deacon Cao, what do you say? "
Deacon Cao's face was full of worry. He looked at Pei Hen and said to Meng Changjun, "Young Master Meng, it's better to let your friend come out. After all, his time has arrived!"
"What? Can't I add more when the time is up? I have plenty of points here. You can deduct as much as you want. Not to mention two hours, even if it's twenty hours, I can still afford it! You can keep deducting until Luo Zheng comes out! "Meng Changjun's face sank.
Although Meng Changjun was usually amiable, when he was really angry, he was also very unyielding.
This could only make Deacon Cao suffer. He was in a dilemma and did not know what to do. He wanted to activate the array, but seeing Meng Changjun's expression, he did not dare. On the other hand, he wanted to persuade Pei Hen, but that was even more impossible. He understood Pei Hen's temper better.
"Heh, it's said that the Meng family knows how to judge the situation. I think Meng Changjun is still lacking in this aspect!" Pei Hen stared at Meng Changjun and sneered. An aura slowly dissipated from his body. Although the Xiantian Full Circle realm was not comparable to the Divine Reflection Realm, it was only a step away!