Last time, Pei Hen had also made a move here. However, Pei Hen's opponent was a child of a small noble family and not one of the seven major noble families. Ordinary noble families couldn't be compared to the seven major noble families. Therefore, Pei Hen had no choice but to beat them up. At most, the elders of the family would apologize and those small noble families would have to give them face and swallow their anger.
But Meng Changjun was different. Behind him stood the Meng Family of Forgotten Creek! Like Pei Hen, they were part of the seven noble families. If Pei Hen really made a move, it would bring about a lot of trouble.
But Pei Hen was such a person.
Every martial artist had an obsession.
Some people's obsession was to "possess". This kind of strong possessiveness would give them enough drive to break through the shackles of cultivation.
Some people's obsession was to "give in". They were particular about tolerating.
But Pei Hen's obsession was to "not tolerate". No matter when, no matter where, he would only care about his own rights. As for others, they could only stand aside. It was difficult for him to tolerate!
Even if Pei Hen tolerated it, his thoughts would be obstructed, and it would even affect his speed of cultivation!
Even at this moment, Pei Hen knew that it was unwise for him to touch Meng Changjun, but he could no longer tolerate this. Therefore, Pei Hen no longer cared about big trouble. He had to teach Meng Changjun a lesson right now.
Meng Changjun was not the kind of person who would allow others to take advantage of him. Although there was a certain gap between his strength and Pei Hen's, which noble family's disciple did not have a life-saving measure?
"This … We can discuss this peacefully. We can sit down and talk. There's no need to be like this …" Warden Cao felt that his scalp was about to explode. He did not expect the two of them to start a fight.
According to the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect, fighting in the Blue Cloud Sect was a very serious matter.
Unfortunately, both of them were descendants of the seven noble clans and had deep backgrounds. If they were to cause a ruckus, it was very likely that Deacon Cao himself would be the most troublesome one. Because no matter which side won, the loser would vent their anger on Deacon Cao.
"There's no need to talk about it. The Meng Family has been getting more and more arrogant lately. Last month, they even wanted to dip their fingers into the Pei Family's elixir pill business. However, they were stopped by two elders of the Pei Family. If we continue to tolerate the Meng Family, I'm afraid they will climb all over the Pei Family!"
As Pei Hen spoke, he pulled out a long sword in his hand. It seemed that today, not only was he going to fight, but he was also going to see blood.
"Whoosh!"
Meng Changjun also unsheathed his treasured sword. Although his cultivation level was not as high as Pei Hen's, in a battle between gentry clans, it was always about losing the battle but not losing the battle. Moreover, cultivation level did not represent everything. If he, Meng Changjun, revealed all of his trump cards, he might not be completely defeated in front of Pei Hen.
The few people behind Pei Hen merely stood by the side and silently watched the commotion without saying a word.
If it was someone else, such as Pei Hen facing Luo Zheng and the others, they would have already swarmed over. However, Pei Hen's opponent was Meng Changjun, so it was not suitable for them to intervene. Because once an outsider intervened in a battle between gentry clans, the situation would often become more troublesome. They might even get burned, and the Pei Family would not be able to protect them!
Just when the battle was about to break out, Luo Zheng jumped out of the Fantasy Fish Pond. The Heavenly Demon True Essence circulated from his body and instantly cleared the cold Qi in his body. At the same time, the True Essence continued to circulate on the surface of Luo Zheng's body, emitting heat and evaporating the water on his clothes.
Therefore, from head to toe, Luo Zheng was emitting bursts of white steam, as if his whole body was a steamer.
Just as he jumped out of the Fantasy Fish Pond, he felt two great murderous auras coming from the side.
"Strange, why would someone fight here? This is the Blue Cloud Sect. Aren't they afraid of offending the sect rules? "Luo Zheng stepped out of the Fantasy Fish Pond and walked towards the other side.
After coming down, Luo Zheng saw that Meng Changjun and another person were confronting each other. The other person was stronger than Meng Changjun in terms of Qi Power and Realm. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face suddenly sank and he quickly stepped forward.
"What's going on? Meng Changjun, who is he? "Luo Zheng asked coldly.
When Deacon Cao saw that Luo Zheng had finally come out of the Fantasy Fish Pond, it was as if he had met his savior. He quickly said, "Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, right? They are about to fight, you have to persuade them! "
"Why would they fight?" Luo Zheng was still somewhat puzzled. He had only cultivated in the pond for a little more than an hour. Why would Meng Changjun have a conflict with him?
Although Luo Zheng was clear about Meng Changjun's character, he was not angry under normal circumstances. He had a good temper and was easy to get along with. However, once he got angry, he would be very stubborn.
But what did the person opposite him do to provoke Meng Changjun?
Deacon Cao quickly explained, "Ah, Luo Zheng, the person opposite is the young master of the Pei Family. Just now, you have exceeded the time limit in the pond. According to reason, I should use the formation plate to invite you out of the pond. However, Meng Changjun said to let you stay a little longer, but that young master Pei Hen did not allow it. The two of them began to argue like this. You have to go and persuade them.
If they fight, it will not end well. "Deacon Cao originally thought that Luo Zheng was not a member of the Shi Family and did not want to be involved in the dispute between the Shi Family. If he explained the ins and outs of the matter to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would be very" wise "to persuade Meng Changjun. After all, Luo Zheng was Meng Changjun's friend and should be easier to talk to.
Meng Changjun was not Pei Hen's opponent. If his friend persuaded him, he should be able to use this opportunity to get out of the situation and not really make a big deal out of it.
However, Deacon Cao was wrong. He had misjudged Luo Zheng's character and even Luo Zheng's strength.
Luo Zheng heard Deacon Cao's explanation and nodded. He understood what had happened. Although Deacon Cao did not explain it in detail, Luo Zheng could imagine what that guy called "Pei Hen" had done.
"Go, Luo Zheng. Go and persuade Meng Changjun. I also want to persuade Pei Hen!" Deacon Cao said.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked forward to stand beside Meng Changjun.
When Meng Changjun saw Luo Zheng come out, his heart calmed down a little.
In fact, Meng Changjun did not think that Luo Zheng had the capital to fight with Pei Hen. But he did not know why, but he had an inexplicable sense of trust towards Luo Zheng. It was as if he had the qualifications to touch any strong person.
"That boy over there, this matter has nothing to do with you. I suggest that you do not get involved in the affairs of our landowning households." Pei Hen looked at Luo Zheng and slowly said.
Seeing that Luo Zheng, who was only at the Xiantian first stage, had been practicing in the Fantasy Fish Pond for an hour, he was also somewhat curious.
However, he was curious, but he could not figure out how a Xiantian first stage boy could practice in the Fantasy Fish Pond. Perhaps Luo Zheng had really entered the pond, or perhaps he had found a corner to hide, and was simply unable to dive into the depths of the pond?
Pei Hen did not want to think too deeply about this problem, but he did not put this Xiantian first stage boy in his eyes. Even his admonition was vaguely for Luo Zheng's sake.
Hearing Pei Hen's words, Luo Zheng shook his head and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. "Meng Changjun is my friend. Since he is my friend, I have no reason to sit idly by. What's more, I just heard that you want to drive me out of the Fantasy Fish Pond?"
Luo Zheng's attitude was somewhat tough. Obviously, he wanted to help Meng Changjun. At this time, Pei Hen did not have any scruples. If Luo Zheng had the strength of a Divine Reflection expert, Pei Hen might have some scruples. But when had he ever been afraid of a Xiantian life form? With his Xiantian peak realm, it was difficult to find an opponent among Xiantian life forms. Therefore, Pei Hen forced a smile and said: "Yes, so what? I came to practice in the Fantasy Fish Pond, so others will have to obediently make way for me. "
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng stared at Pei Hen with an indifferent look. Suddenly, the corners of his mouth cracked open and he said with a smile: "I was thinking, what are you? You want me to make way for you? "
Oh my god! Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Deacon Cao's head was about to explode. He felt a bitter taste in his mouth.