Could it be that Luo Zheng didn't know who he was facing? Or perhaps he didn't know the strength of the seven noble families? He didn't seem to put Pei Hen in his eyes at all.
Deacon Cao was somewhat regretful. He should have explained more to Luo Zheng about Pei Hen's identity. He should have made him understand that the noble families were huge monsters that couldn't be provoked.
But after a while, Deacon Cao understood that his explanation was useless. Luo Zheng clearly knew Pei Hen's status and didn't put him in his eyes at all!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Meng Changjun's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. To be honest, he was somewhat moved that Luo Zheng was standing beside him at this time. After all, Luo Zheng knew that he was helping him just now. Facing a Xiantian Full Circle powerhouse, he didn't hesitate at all and stood beside him without thinking.
But Luo Zheng was too arrogant. He didn't put Pei Hen in his eyes at all ….
When he was in the south, Meng Changjun had seen Luo Zheng's arrogance.
At that time, Luo Zheng wasn't a Xiantian lifeform. He was only a half-step Xiantian, but he dared to use a soul attack to injure the Xiantian stage four He Tiancheng. He even scolded He Tiancheng for showing off in front of an expert!
But now, the person he met was as different as heaven and earth from He Tiancheng.
First of all, the difference in strength between Luo Zheng and Pei Hen was even greater than the difference in strength between Pei Hen and He Tiancheng!
Moreover, Pei Hen's background was completely different from He Tiancheng's. He Tiancheng's background wasn't deep, and he also climbed up from a small village. But Pei Hen was different. He was the legitimate son of the Wei River's Pei family!
At that time, He Tiancheng was forced by Meng Changjun's background and Gou Hantian's pressure to endure.
But now?
What was the benefit of angering Pei Hen?
At this moment, Pei Hen's expression underwent a strange change. His jade-like face suddenly turned blood-red. Obviously, he was extremely angry. But the strange thing was that this blood-red color suddenly disappeared from his face. At the same time, a dense red mist appeared from the top of his head.
Immediately, his expression returned to normal.
Evidently, Pei Hen used an extremely peculiar cultivation method to dispel his anger.
His anger had subsided, but it didn't mean that he would forgive Luo Zheng. Many martial artists would use special methods to vent their dissatisfaction in order to maintain a normal state of mind.
For example, when some people were angry, they would laugh crazily. Some people would cry desperately, and some people would even do some crippling actions. These were all ways to calm their mind.
However, Pei Hen's method was extremely unique. It was as if by circulating his cultivation method, he was able to directly expel the blood that was gushing towards his head, allowing him to remain calm.
Only when he was calm could he think of the best way to deal with the situation.
Pei Hen was indeed pondering. Although his heart of martial arts was' unable to bear ', this did not mean that he was a reckless man.
There were only a few people in the Sky-Scorching Dynasty who had the guts to say such insolent words in front of him. Furthermore, each of them had a powerful background. When he saw Luo Zheng acting so boldly, he began to guess Luo Zheng's identity.
No matter what this brat's background was, Pei Hen would not let this matter go. However, the way he dealt with this matter was very different. Although the Seven Major Aristocratic Families had outstanding authority, there was still someone above them. Although Pei Hen was arrogant, he was not ignorant.
"Who are you? Tell me your name! " Pei Hen stared at Luo Zheng and asked. His eyes revealed layers of ferocity. If it wasn't for the fact that he was uncertain about Luo Zheng's identity, he would have already made his move.
Luo Zheng was about to speak when Meng Changjun stepped forward and stopped Luo Zheng.
Meng Changjun was very grateful that Luo Zheng was willing to stand up for him. However, Meng Changjun was also worried that if Luo Zheng was thoroughly involved in the conflict between the Meng Clan and the Pei Clan, it was very likely that he would fall into the abyss of eternal damnation. Therefore, Meng Changjun wanted to protect Luo Zheng at this moment.
"Pei Hen, it doesn't matter who he is. Today, if you want to fight with me, then come at me!" Meng Changjun said.
Luo Zheng said in a clear voice: "I am Xiao Yufeng's outer disciple, Luo Zheng!"
Surnamed Luo, and he was the last outer disciple of Xiao Yufeng … …
A trace of anger rose in Pei Hen's heart. At this moment, he had a feeling that he was being toyed with.
This brat was obviously just an outer disciple with no background, and his strength was only at the Xiantian first stage. His strength was nothing to be afraid of, but what qualifications did this brat have to dare to be so arrogant in front of him?
Thinking that he had been very careful and cautious just a moment ago, the anger in his heart was even more difficult to suppress.
"Good, very good, now these worms from small places are getting more and more arrogant. To deal with these worms, I can only use my strength to crush them into pieces!" The last trace of scruples completely disappeared, and because of this inexplicable scruples, the anger in Pei Hen's heart became even more intense. At this time, he decided to attack.
Seeing that Pei Hen was about to attack, Meng Changjun's heart sank.
Even though Meng Changjun's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, but facing Pei Hen, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, he was simply not on the same level.
How astute was Meng Changjun's mind? He could see the scruples in Pei Hen's eyes. Just now, he had intervened to protect Luo Zheng, and on the other hand, he wanted to use Pei Hen's scruples to temporarily stabilize Pei Hen. However, not only did Luo Zheng not appreciate his kindness, but he also told Pei Hen his identity.
This was equivalent to telling Pei Hen that he had no background or backing, and that he was just an ordinary person. If he had the guts, then come and kill him! Now that Pei Hen wanted to attack, how could Meng Changjun stop him? Alas, although Luo Zheng's talent was outstanding, he did not know how to judge the situation. Meng Changjun sighed in his heart.
A light blue Quintessential Essence circulated around Pei Hen's body, and the treasured sword in his hand was already unsheathed. The treasured sword was as thin as a cicada's wing, and its entire body emitted a light blue glow. The moment the sword was unsheathed, the sound of the sword was light and long. It was obviously a good sword!
After unsheathing the sword, Pei Hen did not pause at all. Streams of Quintessential Essence danced with his treasured sword, and the Quintessential Essence wrapped around the treasured sword, condensing into drops of water.
This was the Wei River's Pei Family's 《Raindrop Sword Technique》. This sword technique was not only ruthless and fierce, but also extremely resilient.
Although according to the ranking of cultivation techniques, this sword technique was classified as an Earth-class cultivation technique, as a sword technique that was not passed down to outsiders, it was said that it was entirely a matter of ranking. The 《Raindrop Sword Technique》 could definitely be classified as a Heaven-class cultivation technique!
Pei Hen swung his treasured sword towards Meng Changjun and Luo Zheng. At this moment, he had already made up his mind.
Meng Changjun was a member of the Meng Family, so he could not kill him. However, he could ruthlessly teach him a lesson. As for the arrogant brat beside him, he would definitely take his life today.
Under Pei Hen's sword, countless water droplets sputtered out. Under the sunlight, these water droplets reflected sparkling light, forming a dense net that shot towards Luo Zheng and Meng Changjun.
These water droplets formed by Quintessential Essence looked no different from ordinary water droplets. However, both Meng Changjun and Luo Zheng knew that they absolutely could not touch these water droplets!
"Luo Zheng, get out of the way!"
Meng Changjun's expression was focused as he held the treasured sword in his hand. He pointed it straight at the water droplets, and black and red sword beams as thick as a thumb continuously shot out.
Every time a sword beam exploded a water droplet, an extremely cold energy would erupt from the water droplets. In an instant, the water droplets would expand into balls of ice, and heavily smash into the ground. Even the hard bluestone slabs would shatter into powder after being smashed by these balls of ice.
These water droplets only exploded in the air, but they already had such amazing power. If they exploded on the body, who knew what kind of effect it would have?
Meng Changjun's sword speed was extremely fast. The sword beams constantly shot out, causing the water droplets to explode.
However, Pei Hen released even more water droplets. Even if Meng Changjun instantly destroyed dozens of water droplets, there were still hundreds of water droplets flying towards Meng Changjun.
However, Meng Changjun almost had no other choice. At this moment, he had no time to care about anything else. He could only wave the treasured sword in his hand to the extreme, trying his best to destroy these water droplets!
Just as Meng Changjun was focused on exploding those water droplets, Luo Zheng suddenly grabbed the back of Meng Changjun's clothes. Caught off guard, Meng Changjun's entire body was pulled by an irresistible force, and he fell straight to the back!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was the only one facing the swirling water droplets.
＝＝＝＝＝