Every droplet of water contained a powerful cold energy.
Just by condensing the water in the air, it could form such a powerful ice ball.
If one was hit by these water droplets, the result could be imagined!
After the closed-door training, Meng Changjun's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, reaching the Xiantian fifth stage.
But after being thrown by Luo Zheng, he was thrown more than ten feet away!
Meng Changjun got up from the ground and wanted to help, but when he saw Luo Zheng standing in the same place, motionless like a mountain, a strange feeling arose in his heart.
Did he really have the confidence to fight against Pei Hen?
Luo Zheng was not a reckless person. Although in Meng Changjun's opinion, Luo Zheng's several outbursts in the Dragon Castle Tavern and in the barracks were not very rational, because his opponents were stronger than him.
But every time, Luo Zheng had a backup plan, and he really only did this when he had the confidence!
"This time, his opponent is Pei Hen. Does Luo Zheng think that his strength is stronger than Pei Hen?" Meng Changjun did not believe his own inference.
Meng Changjun was very clear about the difference between Xiantian first stage and Xiantian Full Circle. Deacon Cao was also very clear about it, and Pei Hen was even clearer about it! Because they all started from the Xiantian first stage and walked step by step.
But why was Luo Zheng so confident?
For a person to have such confidence, either he really had the strength or he was a blind idiot.
Luo Zheng was obviously not an idiot, so did he really have the strength?
"Huhuhuhu!"
Facing the sprinkling water droplets, Luo Zheng impressively brandished his fists in the air.
Luo Zheng brandished his fists and scattered in front of Luo Zheng, forming a defensive barrier.
That purple-black Heavenly Demon True Essence, under the illumination of the light, reflected a trace of demonic light, and within the Heavenly Demon True Essence, there was a little bit of sparkling starlight power, exuding a little bit of azure color.
"You want to use trifling True Essence to resist my cold water droplets? In your dreams!" Pei Hen sneered.
Behind the streams of Heavenly Devil Vital Essence, Luo Zheng's expression was calm. At this moment, he was also very serious.
Although Luo Zheng had the confidence to deal with all the Xiantian creatures, the strength of a Xiantian Full Circle warrior was infinitely close to that of a Divine Reflection warrior. Moreover, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had always been much stronger than those who cultivated outside.
When the first water droplet easily broke through the barrier of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence, Luo Zheng had already sensed it.
However, he still restrained himself and waited for an opportunity.
Soon, more and more water droplets entered the Sky Demon's Quintessential Origin Energy and covered Luo Zheng without any resistance.
Some cold water droplets were already very close to Luo Zheng. They were less than 1 m away from him. The cold intent released by those cold water droplets made Luo Zheng feel the surrounding temperature plummeting. Even Luo Zheng's eyelashes and hair were covered with a thin layer of frost.
Luo Zheng still didn't move. His feet were like wedges nailed to the ground.
Just when most of the cold water droplets had entered the range of the Sky Demon's Quintessential Origin Energy, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted a word, "Explode!"
"Buzz …"
The power of the stars in the Sky Demon's Quintessential Origin Energy made a peculiar sound when it exploded. The annihilation energy was released in an instant, and at the same time, it affected the starlight around it.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
More and more starlight exploded at the same time.
One by one, little by little …
From the point to the surface, and then from the surface to the entire Quintessential Origin Energy space arranged by Luo Zheng, a violent annihilation reaction was occurring.
When the starlight was annihilated, the energy released emitted a dazzling white light.
The brightness of the light was even more dazzling than the sun. It was almost impossible to look directly at it. Even if one stared at the white light for a while, their eyes would be blinded for a while. When they looked at other things, it would be a vast expanse of white, and it would take a while for them to recover.
Caught off guard, Meng Changjun, Deacon Cao, and Pei Hen were all dazzled!
Only Luo Zheng turned his head and closed his eyes the moment the annihilation energy exploded.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes again, the Chilling Water Droplets had already been completely destroyed by his Quintessential Origin Energy. And at this time, Pei Hen still hadn't recovered from the dazzling white light.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of such an opportunity.
Taking advantage of the fact that Pei Hen's vision hadn't recovered, Luo Zheng rushed towards Pei Hen like a cheetah running wildly on the prairie.
Pei Hen's eyes were blinded by the light, but it didn't mean that he couldn't fight back.
The mouth, nose, and ears of Xiantian lifeforms were very sharp, let alone Pei Hen, a Peak Xiantian powerhouse.
Even if he closed his eyes, he could still distinguish Luo Zheng's position.
But after witnessing Luo Zheng's strength, Pei Hen couldn't help but feel a little flustered.
He originally thought that Luo Zheng only wanted to use his Quintessential Origin Energy to form a shield and completely block his attack. If that was the case, then Luo Zheng wouldn't be far from death. The power of his Chilling Water Droplets was definitely more than that!
But Luo Zheng's method was more direct and even more violent!
He directly detonated his Quintessential Origin Energy, and the power of the detonation was so terrifying that it almost wiped out all his Chilling Water Droplets!
This was also the reason why Pei Hen was flustered. How could this kid's Quintessential Origin Energy erupt with such great power? The starlight contained within the True Essence burst out, and the power almost made his heart tremble!
But after all, Pei Hen was a Peak Xiantian powerhouse. To be able to cultivate to this level from a martial artist, his temperament had already undergone all kinds of tempering.
At this moment, he also understood that he absolutely couldn't panic. Not only could he not panic, but he also had to fight back at this time.
After Pei Hen grasped Luo Zheng's position, he relied on his intuition to form a sword. His sword, which was as thin as a cicada's wing, was almost bent to the point of breaking under the powerful wave. Then, suddenly, thousands of Chilling Water Droplets burst out!
No matter what, these Water Droplets should be able to block Luo Zheng's attack.
But Pei Hen still underestimated Luo Zheng's speed.
Previously, Luo Zheng didn't avoid those Water Droplets, not because he couldn't, but because he didn't want to!
But now, the situation was completely different. Now, he wanted to suppress Pei Hen to the greatest extent.
The Phoenix Soaring Crystal in Luo Zheng's right arm suddenly lit up, and a stream of energy flowed through his meridians, spreading throughout his body.
"Xiu!"
Luo Zheng's entire body blurred, as if he had turned into a gust of wind, instantly retreating from the area covered by the Chilling Water Droplets.
At this time, Meng Changjun, Deacon Cao, and Pei Hen's vision had already returned to normal. When they saw Luo Zheng's blurred figure, they almost thought that they were seeing things.
"So fast!" Meng Changjun couldn't help but shout.
Pei Hen also discovered that his gaze was completely unable to capture Luo Zheng's figure. Where did this brat go? Pei Hen's gaze swept around, and the sword in his hand was placed horizontally in front of his chest. He was always on guard against Luo Zheng's surprise attack.
Suddenly, Pei Hen felt a gust of wind coming from above his head. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he swung his sword upwards.
Luo Zheng, who was above Pei Hen, actually stretched out his palm and slapped towards Pei Hen's sword.
"Facing a white blade with bare hands?" Pei Hen was stunned, and then his face revealed a wild smile, "You're courting death!"
Pei Hen's sword was a middle-grade spirit weapon. Because the entire sword was made of "Beichen Steel", it could be forged to be extremely thin.
Pei Hen once sent this sword to his family's weapon workshop. When it was being forged, the weapon refiner used True Fire to burn the sword until it was red, and the sword was almost transparent! One could only imagine how thin it was! If an ordinary material was forged to be this thin, it would probably break with a touch. However, Beichen Steel was extremely tough, so it could be forged to such a thin level.
Because it was as thin as a cicada's wing, it was even sharper.
This brat actually dared to use his hands to block his sword. Then he would cut off this brat's hands!
Pei Hen's arm exerted strength, and with a shake of his arm, the sword suddenly shook, and the sword flew towards Luo Zheng's wrist to chop it.
However, Luo Zheng's face showed a slight smile. His right hand gently stretched out like lightning, and instantly grasped Pei Hen's sword.
"So fast!" Pei Hen couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng's speed could reach this level. Sometimes it was fast, sometimes it was slow. It was so strange that he couldn't predict Luo Zheng's movements. However, when the sword was grasped by Luo Zheng's fingers, Pei Hen didn't panic. Instead, he exerted strength, intending to pull the sword back and stab it again.
After all, he was holding the sword hilt, while Luo Zheng was only using two fingers to pinch the sword. Both of them were exerting different strength.
Moreover, if it was purely a competition of strength, Pei Hen believed that his strength was much greater than Luo Zheng's. After all, Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian first stage, while he was at Xiantian great circle. The strength of both of them was simply not on the same level.
However, with this pull, Pei Hen's complexion suddenly changed.
He couldn't pull the sword out of Luo Zheng's hand.
He pulled again, but the sword still didn't move. It was as if the sword was embedded in Luo Zheng's fingers!
Pei Hen's face was full of disbelief, as if he had seen a ghost.
Pei Hen had seen many people who were born with divine strength.
Some people were born with extraordinary strength. He had once seen a person who was only at Marrow Refining Realm, but the strength of his body was comparable to a half-step Xiantian master.
However, there was a limit to innate divine strength!
Even if the strength of the body was formidable, it couldn't be exaggerated to such an extent.
The strength of Xiantian first stage was completely different from that of Xiantian great circle. However, today, Pei Hen discovered that his point of view was broken by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's strength was indeed much greater than his.
After a short period of shock, Pei Hen immediately urged the True Essence in his body.
He was absolutely not a person who would sit and wait for death. How could he lose to a Xiantian first stage boy? This was something he could never imagine!
The True Essence flowed from his arm towards the treasured sword.