"Frost Seal! Condense! "
"Crackle!"
When the snowflakes reached the tip of the sword, they instantly exploded. Layers of ice crystals quickly condensed and wrapped around Luo Zheng's right hand. The ice crystals condensed at an extremely fast speed. Soon, half of Luo Zheng's arm and half of his body had been frozen!
Luo Zheng looked at the ice crystals on his right arm and frowned. He wanted to use his strength to shatter these ice crystals, but these ice crystals were not ordinary ice crystals. Even if Luo Zheng used the huge power in his mind, he still could not shatter these ice crystals.
"Hahaha, this Frost Seal is not ordinary ice and snow! The power of the seal is not something that can be broken by brute force! Brat, let's see how you break it this time! "Pei Hen sneered when he saw that his Frost Seal had succeeded.
Luo Zheng's face did not have the slightest trace of panic. Instead, he looked at Pei Hen with a calm gaze. There was even a trace of contempt in his eyes. Then, he waved his left hand. From his left hand, the blood jade crystal suddenly erupted with bright red energy.
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng punched his right arm with his left hand, leaving a blood-red mark on the layers of ice crystals that wrapped his right arm. Then, the blood-red mark spread out like a spider web.
Then, Luo Zheng's right hand exerted strength.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …"
The Frost Seal on Luo Zheng's right arm and body shattered in an instant, turning into tiny ice crystals.
"How is this possible!" Pei Hen's eyes were full of disbelief.
This Frost Seal was an ability that Pei Hen was proud of. He had spent a lot of time and effort to cultivate this "Frost Seal". It was not until recently that he succeeded in cultivating it.
This was the first time that Pei Hen had used it against an enemy.
The reason was that Pei Hen thought this move would have a miraculous effect. His father had told him that this Frost Seal was very difficult to break. Only when one reached the Divine Reflection Realm and used the power of burning True Essence could it be broken. It was impossible to break it with other forces, even brute force.
Why did Luo Zheng only use one punch to break this Frost Seal?
What kind of monster was he?!
Pei Hen felt like he was going crazy. For someone as prideful as him, this was an unprecedented blow.
When facing such a monstrous genius, it was as if every single move and move of his had been seen through and seen through by Chen Xi, and he was unable to counterattack at all. Because once he counterattacked, then he would be walking towards defeat!
Am I really incapable? I thought I couldn't lose …
Pei Hen was extremely prideful, and it was this prideful heart that allowed him to climb up the martial path extremely quickly.
He was undefeatable. He was not allowed to fail. He was not allowed to lag behind others in any aspect.
However, at this moment, he was deeply frustrated by Luo Zheng and fell into an extreme state of mind.
It could also be said that his martial artist's heart had been broken by Luo Zheng.
But in his surroundings, a blood-red color burned in his eyes. His face suddenly became ferocious, and a wild voice shouted in his heart.
I will not allow myself to fail!
"If that's the case, then I'll kill you!" It was a fact that Pei Hen had suffered a crushing defeat at the hands of Luo Zheng, and the only way to deny this fact was to kill Luo Zheng.
Pei Hen might not be Luo Zheng's match based on his own strength.
However, how many of the descendants of the landowning clans, especially those of the seven major landowning clans, did not have a powerful life-saving trump card?
Pei Hen threw away the sword in his hand. Just as he was about to raise his hand, a golden pattern appeared on his palm. This Chiyou Saint Rune was his life-saving trump card!
The so-called Chiyou Saint Rune was actually a small array talisman. The Pei Family had paid a huge price to inscribe this array talisman in Pei Hen's hand.
It was to allow Pei Hen to use this array talisman as a last resort to counterattack.
In fact, Pei Hen was far from using the Chiyou Saint Rune. After all, it was not easy to obtain the Chiyou Saint Rune. Furthermore, his life was not in danger, and Luo Zheng did not want to take his life.
However, Pei Hen's martial heart was in a complete mess. He did not want to think about it, nor did he want to face it.
He only wanted to kill Luo Zheng. Only by killing him would Pei Hen be able to cross this hurdle.
Just as Pei Hen raised his hand, Luo Zheng kicked him in the head.
Luo Zheng naturally felt the terrifying power contained within the Chiyou Saint Rune. If Pei Hen really used it, even if he did not die today, he would be seriously injured.
Now that he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he would not kill over such a small conflict. Therefore, the best thing to do was to knock Pei Hen unconscious!
After receiving Luo Zheng's heavy kick, Pei Hen only felt a white light flash in his head. He swayed twice before collapsing to the ground.
"Ah, Big Brother Pei Hen is lying on the ground!"
"What if something happens to Senior Brother Pei? What should we do?"
At this time, the few people who had been silent all this time suddenly shouted.
Although the inner disciples who came with Pei Hen could be considered as people with prestige, there was no lack of nobles among them.
However, their status was far from being comparable to Pei Hen and Meng Changjun, who were the direct descendants of the seven noble families.
Therefore, after the conflict between Pei Hen and Meng Changjun, they only retreated to the back. They were very clear about their fate after being involved in the dispute between the noble families.
However, they retreated because they did not want to be involved in the conflict between the Pei and Meng families. It did not mean that they did not care about Pei Hen's life or death.
They were very confident in Pei Hen's strength. Whether it was Luo Zheng or Meng Changjun's strength, in their eyes, they were not worth mentioning.
However, they did not expect that after Luo Zheng began to counterattack, the whole situation would suddenly change!
Pei Hen, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, was actually unable to withstand a single blow from a Xiantian stage one boy.
This was really too inconceivable … …
At this time, Pei Hen was lying on the ground and they did not know whether he was dead or alive. Naturally, they were worried.
However, with Luo Zheng standing at the side, this group of people only dared to shout, but did not dare to come closer.
Luo Zheng only glanced at these people indifferently. Fortunately, these people could see the situation clearly and did not dare to insult him. Otherwise, he would inevitably give them a slap.
Next to him, Deacon Cao silently came forward to check on Pei Hen's injuries. Seeing that Pei Hen was not seriously injured, he heaved a sigh of relief.
At this time, Deacon Cao understood that whether it was Meng Changjun or Luo Zheng, they were not people to be trifled with.
Therefore, Deacon Cao carried Pei Hen on his back and handed him over to the people who came with Pei Hen.
If it was an ordinary disciple fighting in the Blue Cloud Sect, it would be very easy for them to be expelled from the sect. Even if it was an ordinary noble family, they would not give face to this.
However, in contrast, the disciples of the seven noble families, especially the direct descendants of these noble families, were different. After all, the seven noble families were the seven pillars of the entire Burning Sky Empire. Although the Blue Cloud Sect treated them equally on the surface, it was a huge sect established in the Burning Sky Empire. Naturally, they would give some privileges.
For people like Pei Hen and Meng Changjun, as long as they did not cause any deaths, the Blue Cloud Sect would often turn a blind eye.
Today's confrontation had scared Deacon Cao half to death. In the end, it had ended with Pei Hen being knocked unconscious by Luo Zheng. Deacon Cao really did not expect the result … …
"I didn't expect that after leaving the Dragon Castle, your strength would increase to such a level … … with the strength of a Xiantian stage one, you defeated a peak Xiantian expert … …" Thinking about it, Meng Changjun felt that it was somewhat inconceivable.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, "After leaving the Dragon Castle, I have indeed improved. However, compared to Meng Changjun, it is obviously still a long way off! I'm afraid the gap between us is getting bigger and bigger! "
What Luo Zheng was referring to was the improvement of the realm.
Compared to Meng Changjun, Luo Zheng's speed of improvement was indeed very slow. From the time he left the Dragon City until now, he had only stepped into the half-step Xiantian stage and reached the Xiantian stage one.
But in this short period of time, Meng Changjun had forcibly improved his realm to the Xiantian stage five stage. This speed could only make Luo Zheng gasp in amazement.
Luo Zheng was born with humble roots and relied on himself for everything. Therefore, the speed of his realm improvement was not very fast. After all, his strength was almost all honed in actual combat.
And since Meng Changjun had returned from the Dragon Castle, he had been in closed-door training.
His Meng family had specially provided a cultivation pagoda for closed-door training. Cultivating in the pagoda would yield twice the results with half the effort. Moreover, during cultivation, there were various kinds of elixirs to supplement one's cultivation. In addition, Meng Changjun's perception was originally extremely amazing. Meng family had also trained Meng Changjun as a core disciple. Therefore, in a short period of time, it was not difficult for his realm to advance by leaps and bounds.
Meng Changjun shook his head, "My realm has indeed improved, but if we talk about real strength, compared to Brother Luo Zheng, it is not you who is far behind me, but me who is far behind you!"
Realm was not equal to strength. In the world of warriors, this was almost a universally recognized truth.
There were many people who had a high realm but were unable to display even a fraction of their strength.
Meng Changjun was at the Xiantian stage five stage, so it was basically impossible for him to be Pei Hen's opponent. But Luo Zheng only relied on his Xiantian stage one cultivation to defeat Pei Hen.
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you still not an inner disciple?" Looking at Luo Zheng's attire, which was still wearing a white robe, Meng Changjun was somewhat speechless.
If it was in other mountain peaks, a living treasure like Luo Zheng would have been promoted to the inner sect long ago.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "I have not been promoted to the inner sect yet." Since Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had only spent a small amount of time in the Sect. The rest of his time was spent running around, so he had indeed neglected this matter.
However, for Luo Zheng, the titles of inner and outer sect were just titles. After all, although he was now an outer sect disciple in Xiao Yufeng, because of Su Lingyun's existence, who would dare say that his treatment was worse than any inner sect disciple?