Worry-Free Peak was ranked fourth among the 33 Peaks. It was also a Peak filled with experts. What's more, this Peak was dominated by the Meng Family. If Luo Zheng really went to Worry-Free Peak, not only would no one dare to target him, but he would also benefit a lot.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "No, it's not bad to stay in Xiao Yufeng. What's more, I have to trouble Meng Changjun to go to Worry-Free Peak. I don't think it's necessary."
To transfer Luo Zheng to Worry-Free Peak was an extremely difficult task for ordinary disciples. However, it was not a problem for Meng Changjun. He just had to ask someone to inform him. However, Meng Changjun understood the meaning of Luo Zheng's words. In fact, it was a tactful refusal. Meng Changjun did not insist.
However, he sighed. "Brother Luo Zheng has not been promoted to the inner core. I'm afraid he can't participate in the Peak Competition."
"Peak Competition?" Luo Zheng heard Meng Changjun's words and was slightly moved.
"Oh? Brother Luo Zheng, don't you know that the Peak Competition is going to be held? "Meng Changjun asked curiously.
Luo Zheng shook his head. He had indeed heard of the Peak Competition. It was held in the Blue Cloud Sect every three years. The rankings of the 33 Peaks in the Blue Cloud Sect were determined by the Peak Competition.
It was for this reason that everyone attached great importance to the Peak Competition. The ranking of the Peaks would directly affect the evaluation of the inner and outer core disciples, mentors, and a series of issues such as various benefits.
The most important thing was that three years was a period of time. Almost every three years, some disciples would stand out in the Peak Competition and become a dazzling new star.
"After the beginning of next year, the Peak Competition will be held as scheduled. With Brother Luo Zheng's strength, I believe you can get a good ranking in the Peak Competition. However, before that, you have to join the inner core of Xiao Yufeng to be qualified to participate." Meng Changjun thought for a while and said, "I don't know why Xiao Yufeng didn't promote Brother Luo Zheng to the inner core. Although an outer core disciple needs to participate in the annual outer core trial to be promoted to the inner core, Brother Luo Zheng's strength and realm are far beyond the ordinary outer core disciples. He should be promoted to the inner core. If someone suppresses Brother Luo Zheng because of Xiao Yufeng, you can tell me …"
Meng Changjun thought too much, but he did think for Luo Zheng's sake. After all, with Luo Zheng's current strength, it was indeed a little strange that he hadn't stepped into the inner core.
But in fact, it wasn't what Meng Changjun had guessed. Luo Zheng just nodded and thanked him, saying that he would try his best to step into the inner core and participate in the Peak Competition next year.
Luo Zheng wouldn't miss this kind of competition.
Not only would he be able to test his strength in the All-Peak Grand Competition, but it would also be a challenge to his own path of martial arts. What's more, he could stand out in the All-Peak Grand Competition and gain the true attention of the Blue Cloud Sect.
So far, the strength that Luo Zheng had shown had far exceeded that of his peers. However, on his way to the Blue Cloud Sect, he had provoked conflicts with the big families, or angered those Immortals in the Blue Cloud Sect.
He needed a real opportunity to show his strength, and this opportunity was very important for Luo Zheng!
"Thank you for your concern, Meng Changjun. I'm not as bad as you think I am on Xiao Yufeng. Before the Peak Competition, I will enter the inner core!" It was not a difficult thing for Luo Zheng to enter the inner core now.
Seeing that Luo Zheng played it down, Meng Changjun nodded and said, "But you offended Pei Hen today. He will definitely target you. In fact, I stopped you at the beginning because I didn't want you to get involved in the dispute between our families. Now, I'm afraid …"
Today, he was knocked out by Luo Zheng, which was a great shame for Pei Hen. With Pei Hen's character, he would definitely not let it go.
Because of Meng Changjun, Luo Zheng had made another big enemy.
After Meng Changjun finished speaking, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Meng Changjun, I didn't get involved because of the dispute between your families. If I didn't take action today, Pei Hen wouldn't have let it go either. Would I have just watched you get humiliated by him?"
If Luo Zheng hadn't taken action at that time, Pei Hen would have definitely stepped on Meng Changjun.
Luo Zheng's words moved Meng Changjun's heart. Suddenly, he exhaled a heroic spirit from his chest and said, "Forget it. What's the point of thinking so much? It's my good fortune to be able to make friends with a friend like Luo Zheng! Our Pei and Meng Families don't get along with each other. If Pei Hen wants to target you! He would have to ask me, Meng Changjun! "
The dispute between families was never that simple.
There were real swords and spears on the table, and there were also hidden arrows that hurt people. If the Meng Family stood behind Luo Zheng, the other gentry families would have to think twice before making a move on Luo Zheng!
When they were in the Dragon Castle, although Meng Changjun was willing to help Luo Zheng, he didn't say these words.
Today, Meng Changjun was willing to take on everything. He really regarded Luo Zheng as one of his own.
Before saying these words, Meng Changjun must have thought about it. Luo Zheng didn't only offend Pei Hen. He also had a conflict with the Family Zhuge. So because of Luo Zheng, the Meng Family might even offend the Family Zhuge!
But Meng Changjun believed in his own vision. He believed that this decision was absolutely correct.
Although Luo Zheng understood that Meng Changjun was speaking from the bottom of his heart, from the bottom of his heart, he only regarded Meng Changjun as a friend. He didn't want to rely on him to climb up the Meng Family.
Along the way, Luo Zheng understood that the world's power could be borrowed at the right time. But in the end, it was still someone else's. Only his own strength was the real truth!
After leaving the Illusory Fish Pond, Luo Zheng continued to concentrate on cultivation.
Although Luo Zheng's current strength could even suppress a Xiantian Full Circle expert, Luo Zheng was still somewhat dissatisfied with the speed of his cultivation.
But cultivation was like this. From the half-step Xiantian realm to the Xiantian realm, this was a hurdle. After crossing this hurdle, the road ahead would be smooth.
Although there was also a small hurdle between the Xiantian first stage and the Xiantian second stage, the difficulty of crossing it would be much lower.
Although the difficulty wasn't high, it still required a cultivation environment.
For example, cultivating in the "Illusory Fish Pond" consumed points that ordinary people couldn't bear.
Even Luo Zheng found it difficult to bear. His disciple card didn't have many points. It could only support Luo Zheng to cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond for sixteen to eighteen hours.
For the next few days, Luo Zheng would cultivate in the Illusory Fish Pond for two hours every day.
The first time he cultivated in the Illusory Fish Pond, Luo Zheng finally lurked to a depth of 130 meters. After entering that depth, Luo Zheng would encounter a kind of murloc that was entirely dark red in color.
The murloc's body was huge, and its eyes emitted a strange red light. As long as it swam, the water flow in the entire area would be disturbed by its huge body.
Although Luo Zheng could temporarily shake off the murloc by relying on his speed advantage, but at a depth of 130 meters, there were too many murloc. Even if Luo Zheng shook off one or two murloc, seven or eight more would appear.
One day, Luo Zheng tried to break through by force, but in the end, he was surrounded by the murloc and had no choice but to return.
Deacon Cao was almost numb to Luo Zheng's various performances in the Illusory Fish Pond.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng stopped at a depth of 130 meters. If Luo Zheng continued to dive and broke through 150 meters, or even 180 meters, then he would really break the Blue Cloud Sect's record.
However, the deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect, especially the deacons who guarded the surroundings of the major cultivation secret realms, were originally responsible for recording and reporting.
Luo Zheng's performance was qualified enough to be reported to the higher-ups. The higher-ups of the Blue Cloud Sect paid special attention to him, and even rewarded him with some cultivation resources.
Therefore, Deacon Cao recorded Luo Zheng's performance and submitted it to the higher-ups. If the higher-ups of the Blue Cloud Sect really saw these records and wanted to focus on cultivating Luo Zheng, then they would reward Deacon Cao with a merit.
According to Deacon Cao's prediction, it was impossible for the Blue Cloud Sect to not pay attention to a monstrous genius like Luo Zheng. Although the Blue Cloud Sect was full of talented people, for a major sect, there would never be too many genius disciples.
But what made him feel strange was that his report sank like a stone into the sea. There was no response, as if the higher-ups simply didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng.
According to Deacon Cao's judgment, this was absolutely impossible. Perhaps he had missed something in the letter he reported?
Thinking of this, Deacon Cao made a second report.
The result was the same as the first time. There was still no response or action from the higher-ups.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, it was not easy to get the position of a deacon. Deacon Cao was also an extremely intelligent person. He quickly discovered the strangeness.
"I reported twice, but the higher-ups didn't give me any explanation. This can only mean that someone in the higher-ups of the Blue Cloud Sect is targeting Luo Zheng." As for who it was and what their purpose was, Deacon Cao was too lazy to guess. No matter who it was, a small deacon like him couldn't afford to offend them. Therefore, Deacon Cao dispelled the idea of taking credit.
＝＝＝＝＝