Blue Cloud Sect, Dinghu Mountain.
Dinghu Mountain was located in the middle of the Blue Cloud Sect. The mountain was steep and there was no way to climb up the mountain. It was almost impossible to climb up by hand. Only those who had reached the Divine Reflection Realm could fly or ride a Flying Chariot.
There were all kinds of splendid buildings on the mountain peak. It must have taken a lot of effort to transport so many materials up there and build palace-like buildings.
The entire Dinghu Mountain was located in a lake. The scenery was superb when one stood on the peak of the Dinghu Mountain and looked around. It was also the most leisurely place in the Blue Cloud Sect.
This was where many Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect resided.
At a corner of the peak of Dinghu Mountain, a long and narrow pavilion was built here. One side of the pavilion was stuck in the stone wall of the peak of the mountain. More than half of the pavilion was suspended in the air. If a person with acrophobia was in the pavilion, he would tremble.
An old man wearing a purple crown lifted a teacup inlaid with golden threads and took a sip of tea.
This old man was Perfected Person Zi Qing, one of the 10 Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Just as he was sipping his tea, a stream of light rapidly approached from the horizon. Then, it stood at the edge of the pavilion. The person who came was also an old man. He was Venerable Tianqiong, who was ranked tenth among the ten great Venerables.
When Zhenren Tianqiong flew over, he stirred up a gust of wind that almost overturned the tea on the table.
"Tianqiong, why are you rushing over?" Zi Qing frowned slightly. Those who could become Perfected Persons had lived for hundreds of years. As they grew older, they became indifferent to worldly affairs. Therefore, most of the old people could settle down and live a carefree life. However, Tianqiong's fiery temper had not changed in the slightest after so many years …
"Humph, Zi Qing, guess what I found? It turns out that the identity of Luo Zheng, who was interrogated last time! "Tianqiong sneered.
"Luo Zheng? Is his identity that important? " Reverend Zi Qing was somewhat puzzled. Although the other Reverends were indeed unhappy because of Her Highness the Princess, this matter had already passed. Su Lingyun wanted to protect Luo Zheng, so this matter was more or less settled …
"This kid's surname is Luo. Don't tell me you've forgotten about the trial two years ago and the genius girl from Chongyang County?" Zhenren Tianqiong reminded him.
"Luo Yan?" Reverend Zi Qing remembers this name very clearly. In fact, even with Reverend Zi Qing's several hundred years of life, he has never seen such a gifted disciple. This Luo Yan is also surnamed Luo. Could it be? Reverend Zi Qing asked, "Are you saying that this Luo Yan has something to do with this Luo Zheng?"
Zhenren Tianqiong nodded. "That's right!"
Reverend Zi Qing laughed. "Hehe, this Luo Family isn't some great family, not even a landowning household. However, they produced two exceptional geniuses in a row. This is quite interesting."
The Blue Cloud Sect had countless geniuses, but there were also differences between geniuses.
Geniuses like Luo Yan and Luo Zheng, who appeared once in a thousand years, were truly rare!
Reverend Zi Qing then said, "However, what does this matter?"
Compared to Zhenren Tianqiong, Reverend Zi Qing didn't care much about these matters. In the past few hundred years, many things had been destroyed. The Blue Cloud Sect's enchanting juniors came in waves one after another. They had long seen too many of them.
"How is it unrelated? This kid came to save his younger sister! I found out that he had previously gone to Purgatory Mountain. His goal is most likely to save Luo Yan! "Zhenren Tianqiong said.
"As an older brother, wanting to save his younger sister is also normal. However, bringing Luo Yan out of Purgatory Mountain isn't that easy either …" Reverend Zi Qing said while shaking his head. He picked up the red sandalwood teapot again and slowly poured the golden orange tea into the teacups.
"This won't do! This Luo Zheng is so freakish, and he even cultivates a technique like the 'Demonic God Fist'. If he truly makes a name for himself in the future, he will definitely investigate what we did to Luo Yan back then. With his nature, how could he just let things go like this?! We have to suppress him before he makes a name for himself! "Zhenren Tianqiong indeed had some misgivings.
He was different from Reverend Zi Qing. He had truly fought against Luo Zheng before! That day, his palm was actually forcibly blasted apart by Luo Zheng. A Xiantian lifeform was actually able to block his palm. One could well imagine how shocked Zhenren Tianqiong was.
Later on, when he specifically investigated, he found out that Luo Zheng had entered the Heavenly Tome Pavilion and taken away the 'Demonic God Fist' that had been sealed away for many years. Moreover, he had even mastered the 'Demonic God Fist'!
He already had such strength when he was only a Xiantian lifeform. If he truly stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, wouldn't he be no match for him?
If this kid one day stepped onto the path of green clouds and was chosen by the Cloud Hall, wouldn't he be at his mercy?
Zhenren Tianqiong's misgivings weren't without reason.
Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's reverse scale. That day on Xunming Mountain, he heard that Zhenren Tianqiong and Reverend Still Water were among the main culprits behind Luo Yan's banishment to Purgatory Mountain. Since then, he already had the intention to kill. However, his current strength was still insufficient, so he could only endure.
Reverend Zi Qing finished a cup of tea. With a wave of his sleeve, the exquisite tea set on the table disappeared without a trace.
"What you said makes some sense. However, there are countless geniuses in this world. How many of them can mature?" Reverend Zi Qing was still rather disapproving. The Blue Cloud Sect had hundreds of thousands of disciples. Among them, there were at least ten thousand geniuses. However, how many of them could truly mature?
"Is that so? Have you ever seen a Xiantian stage one brat block my 《World Extinguishing Palm》? "Zhenren Tianqiong asked in reply.
"This …" Reverend Zi Qing was momentarily at a loss for words. To be honest, when Zhenren Tianqiong said that Luo Zheng had blocked his palm, Reverend Zi Qing didn't really believe it. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, it would indeed be hard for him to believe.
However, Zhenren Tianqiong said it so confidently, so he had no choice but to believe it.
If Luo Zheng really had such ability, the hatred hidden in his heart might really be detrimental to the Blue Cloud Sect if he were to mature …
Reverend Zi Qing had no choice but to consider this factor.
"When that brat entered the Illusion Fish Pond for the first time, he dived more than a hundred meters deep. Have you ever seen a Xiantian stage one brat do that?" Zhenren Tianqiong asked again.
Reverend Zi Qing shook his head. Luo Zheng had indeed created many unimaginable things.
"Deacon Cao, who was guarding the pond, even reported several times that he wanted to fight for some rewards for Luo Zheng, as well as financial support from the Blue Cloud Sect. However, this matter was suppressed by me!" Zhenren Tianqiong sneered. "However, this can't stop him. I think, we must use some heavy methods to suppress him!"
"Heavy methods?" Although Reverend Zi Qing wasn't as proactive as Zhenren Tianqiong, he had always been calmer than Zhenren Tianqiong. At the same time, he would also come up with some special ideas. After thinking for a while, Reverend Zi Qing said, "Actually, there's an opportunity right now to suppress Luo Zheng."
"What opportunity?" Zhenren Tianqiong asked.
"The Peak Competition," Reverend Zi Qing said slowly.
If one wanted to make a name for himself in the Blue Cloud Sect, there was one way that was absolutely necessary, and that was the Peak Competition!
Although the Reverends also understood that Luo Zheng was only an outer disciple and wasn't qualified to participate in the Peak Competition, they also knew that with Luo Zheng's strength, it was only a matter of a few words for him to enter the inner gate.
In fact, with the strength of the Reverends, there was more than one way to get rid of Luo Zheng.
However, when they thought of Su Lingyun standing behind Luo Zheng without a care for anything, they felt a deep sense of dread.
Su Lingyun had the Emperor's Medallion, and the Reverends had to carefully weigh the weight of the Emperor's Medallion.
If the Reverends were to assassinate Luo Zheng, there would always be some clues left behind. With Su Lingyun's means, if she traced the clues back to them, they would be in big trouble.
However, the Peak Competition was different.
In the Peak Competition, the disciples of the entire Blue Cloud Sect would compete with each other for a ranking on the Master List. The competition was not only related to the ranking of the peak, but also personal ranking and reputation. The competition was very fierce.
If it was in the Peak Competition, it would be normal for a few people to die in the arena.
In every Peak Competition, there would always be some people who couldn't hold back and accidentally killed their opponents in the arena.
If Luo Zheng died in such an accident, even if Su Lingyun knew about their arrangement, she wouldn't have a suitable excuse to cause trouble for them.
With the means of the Reverends, if they wanted to make such an arrangement, they could do it without anyone knowing.
Zhenren Tianqiong immediately understood what Reverend Zi Qing was thinking when he said that.
There couldn't be a better time to play tricks in the Peak Competition. However, Zhenren Tianqiong still had some doubts. "What if Luo Zheng refuses to participate in the Peak Competition?"
With Luo Zheng's strength, he was indeed qualified to enter the Inner Gate, so naturally, he was also qualified to participate in the Peak Competition.
However, what if Luo Zheng refused to join the Inner Gate for some reason, and even had no interest in the Peak Competition? If so, their next step could only be a castle in the air.
"With this guy's character, it's impossible for him not to join the Inner Gate. Since Su Lingyun spent so much effort to cultivate Luo Zheng, she naturally hopes that Luo Zheng can get a good ranking in the Peak Competition. Besides, Xiao Yufeng is the last of the 33 peaks. I don't believe that Luo Zheng won't join the Peak Competition!" Reverend Zi Qing speculated with confidence.
"Hehe, you're right. As for who to arrange to stop Luo Zheng, I have to think about it …" Zhenren Tianqiong sneered. With his temperament, he couldn't tolerate a junior offending him like this!