Luo Zheng sat cross-legged in his room, staring intently at the Sun, Moon, and Stars Chart opposite him.
Luo Zheng hadn't gone to the Illusion Fish Deep Pool these days because he didn't have enough points.
Luo Zheng's points were mainly accumulated from his trip to the south.
After killing the Saber Bug and obtaining the Saber Bug Queen's demon crystal core, Luo Zheng's accumulated points were enough to make all the outer sect disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect green with envy.
A few thousand points were indeed enough for an outer disciple to use. He could only use the points to exchange for some healing medicine, as well as cultivation pills and so on. It didn't cost him many points.
Even entering the Heavenly Book Pavilion once would only cost 100 points.
However, if these points were given to inner sect disciples to cultivate, they could only last for ten days to half a month at most.
The Blue Cloud Sect's points and various rewards were very reasonable.
If he wanted to enter the cultivation mystic realm to cultivate and quickly improve his strength, he had to help the Blue Cloud Sect complete various missions. The points he obtained from the missions had to be invested in cultivation …
Luo Zheng had wanted to quickly earn a million points, but now it seemed that this idea was a little naive. The points he had were not only for income, but also for expenditure. If he cultivated at this speed, it would be almost impossible for him to accumulate a million points.
In addition to completing the missions, Luo Zheng had another way to obtain points, and that was to buy two square crystals at the price of one point.
Luo Zheng still had about 20,000 square crystals. If he exchanged them for points, he could exchange them for about 10,000 Blue Cloud Sect points.
10,000 points seemed like a lot, but if he used them all to cultivate in the Illusion Fish Deep Pool, it wouldn't be much.
As Luo Zheng dived deeper into the pool day by day, the time he spent was also increasing.
Two hours would cost him 200 points. Four hours would cost him 400 points. If Luo Zheng maintained four hours of cultivation every day, he would use up 400 points a day.
Ten thousand points wouldn't even last a month.
However, Luo Zheng had more than 600 drops of Sky Derivation Essence in addition to the square crystals.
Luo Zheng had extracted more than a thousand drops of Heaven's Amplification Essence from the pile of spiritual weapons he had purchased. However, he did not put all of it into the dragon-shaped sculpture. He still had more than six hundred drops of Heaven's Amplification Essence in his hands.
Previously, at the Tianlu Auction, he had obtained 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence from an unknown source and had actually sold for 120,000 cubes of crystals.
According to this price, the square crystal in Luo Zheng's hand could be sold for more than a million yuan …
However, the price of goods was originally determined by supply and demand.
The Heaven's Divination Essence was a treasure that could only be found by chance, especially to those blacksmiths.
However, if more than 600 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were to be put on the market, its value would probably drop. It was impossible to sell all of them at the price of 120,000 cubes of crystals for 50 drops.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng had the black flame in his hands. It could be said that he could extract as much Heaven's Divination Essence as he wanted. For the sake of the long-term, Luo Zheng could not possibly sell so much Heaven's Divination Essence.
"Let's sell it in 50 drops per bottle." After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng finally made a decision. At the same time, he wanted to entrust the Heaven's Divination Essence directly to Zhang Wuxian to sell.
Luo Zheng had previously had a headache over this problem. Who should he entrust the Heaven's Divination Essence to? Did he need to disguise himself?
It was fine if he sold the Heaven's Divination Essence once. People would think that Luo Zheng had obtained it by chance or even picked it up. However, after two or three times, people would inevitably start to suspect Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng understood the principle that an ordinary man was innocent, but treasuring a jade ring was a crime.
Once people found out that he could produce Heaven's Divination Essence, it would definitely be a big problem for Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng was already in enough trouble, it was always a good thing to have one less problem.
But at this stage, other than Zhang Wuxian who could be trusted, no one else would be able to help him.
"Zhang Wuxian and I have a good personal relationship, and this is a good thing for him. With his Zhang Clan's wealth, I don't think he will have any bad intentions towards me!" Luo Zheng being so cautious was not bad. "Zhang Wuxian has a good personal relationship with me, and this is a good thing for him.
After thinking about the excuse he would give to Zhang Wuxian, he left his house to find Zhang Wuxian.
When he arrived at Zhang Wuxian's residence, Luo Zheng did not find him. After asking, he found out that Zhang Wuxian was not in his room. Instead, he was training at the side peak of Xiao Yufeng. Luo Zheng could only go to the side peak to find him.
There were many side peaks in Xiao Yufeng, and a few of them had been opened up as places for training.
Compared to the cultivation mystic area of the Blue Cloud Sect, these places were naturally much worse. Fortunately, these places were free for the disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
The Sparrow Hawk Platform was such a place.
From the main peak of Xiao Yufeng to the Sparrow Hawk Platform, one had to pass through a dangerous path. The path was a 90-degree vertical cliff, and there was no other way to go.
Only Divine Realm experts would go up and drive wooden stakes into the cliff. If one wanted to pass through the cliff, one could only step on these stakes.
If a timid inner disciple looked at the bottomless abyss below, he probably would not dare to go over.
Luo Zheng arrived at the dangerous path and looked at the Sparrow Hawk Platform not far away. Then he jumped up and stepped on a wooden stake.
This dangerous path actually looked scary. If one was brave enough, they would not fall down at all.
After running a few dozen steps on the wooden stake, Luo Zheng climbed up the side peak of the Sparrow Hawk Platform. He had heard that Zhang Wuxian had been training at the Sparrow Hawk Platform recently. Presumably, Luo Zheng would be able to find him here.
Zhang Wuxian's huge body was panting at this moment. Beads of sweat slid down his face and soaked his white robe.
Fat people were usually very lazy, but Zhang Wuxian was not one of them.
On the contrary, few people could compare to his degree of hard work in cultivation.
The Sparrow Hawk Platform was a circular side peak. On the right side of the Sparrow Hawk Platform was the main peak that towered into the clouds. Along the side of the main peak was a smooth mountain wall. The wall looked as if it had been carved out with a sword. It was very smooth, and there were almost no points to exert force on.
Zhang Wuxian was wearing a weight-bearing garment made of heavy lead. It weighed more than 500 kilograms!
After taking a deep breath, he strode forward with his thick legs and sprinted towards the mountain wall.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
His own weight, in addition to the weight of the weight-bearing garment, made a dull sound when he stepped on the ground.
As he approached the mountain wall, Zhang Wuxian suddenly took a deep breath. Then, he suddenly jumped and began to climb up the mountain wall.
Although the mountain wall was unusually smooth and there were no points to exert force on, Zhang Wuxian relied on his momentum and his fat body quickly rushed up!
On the mountain wall, someone had used red paint to draw scales. Beside the scales, there were numbers marking the height. Five meters, ten meters, fifteen meters, twenty meters …
Zhang Wuxian's height continued to climb. In an instant, he had passed five meters, ten meters, twenty meters. When he reached a height of thirty meters, his strength was exhausted. His round body slid down the mountain wall.
"I can only reach thirty meters at most …" Zhang Wuxian shook his head.
Although this was a small test, it could measure a martial artist's sprinting speed, strength, and reaction time.
On the mountain wall, the highest scale was fifty-five meters.
It was said that there was once an outer sect disciple who had rushed to a height of 55 meters. That was also the best result of Little Rain Peak's outer sect. After that disciple rushed up, he heavily slammed his palm on the mountain wall at a height of 55 meters, leaving behind a heavy palm print.
So far, no one had been able to cross that palm print!
Of course, this was only limited to Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples. If those Xiantian lifeforms from Xiao Yufeng's inner sect came out, they would naturally be far higher than that.
Just as Zhang Wuxian landed, an agile figure rushed up the mountain wall.
That person was thin and weak like a monkey, but extremely nimble. After his entire body climbed up the mountain wall, he was like a lizard. Combined with the strength of his sprinting, he instantly surpassed Zhang Wuxian's height and reached a height of forty meters. However, his strength had not yet weakened. He continued to leap up until he reached a height of forty-five meters. Only then did his strength completely weaken, and he landed on the mountain wall.
That thin and weak monkey-like outer sect disciple smiled at Zhang Wuxian. His expression was full of ridicule.
When Zhang Wuxian saw this, he could only stare back with his round eyes. There was nothing else he could do …
This monkey-like outer sect disciple had joined Xiao Yufeng last year. His name was Wu Da. His current strength could be ranked among the top eleven of Xiao Yufeng's outer sect disciples. His strength was slightly weaker than Zhang Wuxian's.
However, this person was thin and agile. Every time he trained here, Wu Da would always achieve good results.
In the past, Wu Da could only climb to a height of about forty meters. Not once had he surpassed forty-five meters. But today, it seemed that he had easily surpassed forty-five meters. He was now at a height of about forty-six meters!
It seemed that Wu Da's strength had improved again …
At a height of forty-six meters, there was probably no one in Xiao Yufeng's outer sect who could surpass him.
Actually, with Zhang Wuxian's status, as long as he inherited the Zhang family's business in the future, even if he was only an ordinary Bone Refining stage martial artist, he would still be able to command all kinds of Xiantian masters. In this world, money could make even ghosts turn millstones. As for ordering Xiantian life forms around, it was only a small matter to the Zhang family.
The Zhang family's disciples' talent was half genius. They had a business mind and incomparably keen foresight. However, in terms of cultivation talent, they were far inferior to the disciples of the seven great landowning clans.
However, Zhang Wuxian had very strict requirements for himself. Since he had joined the Blue Cloud Sect and Xiao Yufeng, his current goal was to continuously cultivate until he broke through and became a Xiantian life form!