"Brother Wuxian!" Luo Zheng shouted from afar.
"Brother Luo Zheng, why are you here?" Zhang Wuxian wiped the sweat off his face. He didn't understand why Luo Zheng had come to the Sparrow Hawk Station.
Luo Zheng had only joined Xiao Yufeng for a few months, but his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds. He had grown from the Refining Marrow Stage to the Xiantian Stage. He had already far surpassed the strength of the outer disciples of Xiao Yufeng. In other words, Luo Zheng could be promoted to an inner disciple at any time.
With Luo Zheng's strength, there was no need for him to come to the Sparrow Hawk Station to cultivate. Just like the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng, they would never come to the Sparrow Hawk Station to cultivate.
Hearing Zhang Wuxian shout out Luo Zheng's name, the others all looked over.
The name "Luo Zheng" was like thunder to the ears in Xiao Yufeng. When Zhang Wuxian shouted out these two words, the other outer disciples on the Sparrow Hawk Station all looked over.
When the outer disciple called Wu Da heard Luo Zheng's name, he looked pensive. Soon after, his eyes revealed a fiery gaze.
Wu Da was a very persistent martial artist. His talent was outstanding, but he was born in the grassroots. On his way to the Blue Cloud Sect, he had gone through a lot of tempering. In his mind, everyone in the world was meant to be surpassed.
To Wu Da, surpassing people like Zhang Wuxian was no challenge at all.
But Luo Zheng, whose name resounded throughout Xiao Yufeng's outer disciples …
If he could trample Luo Zheng underfoot, it would be a real challenge for Wu Da!
However, Wu Da was only a half-step into the Xiantian Stage. Moreover, he hadn't been there for a long time. He simply couldn't compare with the Xiantian Stage Luo Zheng.
However, he had been cultivating on the Sparrow Hawk Station all this time. Who knew how high Luo Zheng could climb?
While Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian were talking, Wu Da gestured that he was wearing a 500kg weight vest and made a provocative gesture. Then he turned around and sprinted towards the mountain wall!
This time, Wu Da also gave it his all. Like a monkey climbing a tree, he rapidly climbed up the mountain wall. Ten meters, twenty meters … forty-five meters, forty-six meters, forty-seven meters!
It wasn't until he reached a height of 47 meters that he turned around and slid down with his back against the mountain wall.
Forty-seven meters. This was Wu Da's best record so far.
When he slid down the mountain wall, his face was full of smiles. He kept looking at Luo Zheng with provocative eyes. When his feet touched the ground, he immediately walked towards Luo Zheng. "Do you want to try? Do you see the handprint on the mountain wall? It's said that the strongest inner disciple of our Xiao Yufeng won the bid! "
In Wu Da's mind, Luo Zheng had just broken through the half-step Xiantian realm and became a Xiantian lifeform.
What's more, the biggest difference between a Xiantian lifeform and a half-step Xiantian lifeform wasn't the difference in physical strength, but the difference in Zhenqi and Zhenyuan.
Wu Da didn't think that Luo Zheng could surpass that handprint. Even his own record of 47 meters would be difficult to surpass.
Climbing this mountain wall wasn't just a test of strength. One's use of strength, flexibility, and timing were all very precise. Luo Zheng hadn't tried it even once. It would be strange if he could get a good result!
Seeing Wu Da's face, Zhang Wuxian was angry. He knew what Wu Da was thinking. It was nothing more than wanting to make a fool of Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, Zhang Wuxian felt that if Luo Zheng climbed this mountain wall for the first time, he wouldn't get a good result. So he pulled Luo Zheng and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, don't mind him. Let's go to the pavilion over there and have some tea. We can talk about it slowly."
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't want to waste time on this kind of thing. He was prepared to go with Zhang Wuxian.
But Wu Da said, "What? You don't dare? You dare to call yourself Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple? "
Luo Zheng had never cared about Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple title. In fact, he didn't even know when this title came into being.
Hearing Wu Da's words, Luo Zheng turned his head and shrugged his shoulders. He said, "There's nothing to be afraid of. Since you want to provoke me, I'll give it a try. Anyway, I don't have much free time. I can relax a little."
"Brother Luo Zheng," Zhang Wuxian wanted to stop him. He had climbed this mountain wall thousands of times. Although it looked ordinary, the surface was very smooth. There was no point to use force. He could only rely on the impact of sprinting to climb it! If Luo Zheng was familiar with this mountain wall, it would be fine. But it was his first time climbing it. He would definitely be at a disadvantage.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and said to Zhang Wuxian, "Brother Wuxian, don't try to persuade me. Even if I fail, it's not funny. As for Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple title, I'll just throw it away and give it to someone else …"
Zhang Wuxian saw that his persuasion didn't work. He also saw Luo Zheng's indifferent expression. Was Luo Zheng so confident?
He thought about the previous few times that Luo Zheng had made a move, which time had he been favored? But every time Luo Zheng did something beyond everyone's expectations. The result was completely different from everyone's expectations.
"Well, since it's like this, Brother Luo Zheng can also give it a try. What results you can achieve is secondary," Zhang Wuxian said with a laugh. He was trying to smooth things over for Luo Zheng in advance. Even if Luo Zheng really didn't perform well, he wouldn't lose face.
"This weighted garment is 500 kilograms. The weighted garments on the Sparrow Hawk Platform are 100 kilograms, 500 kilograms, 800 kilograms, and 500 kilograms. Which weight do you want to choose?" Wu Da took off his weighted garment and held it in his hand as he spoke to Luo Zheng.
Although he let Luo Zheng choose, he especially emphasized that his weighted garment was 500 kilograms. His meaning was very clear. Since Luo Zheng wanted to try, then he should wear the heaviest one!
"Choose a lighter one. No one would wear such a heavy weighted garment on their first try," Zhang Wuxian said.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and took Wu Da's weighted garment. He put it on and then lightly jumped twice on the spot.
Wearing the 500 kilogram garment did give Luo Zheng some pressure, but this pressure was almost negligible for Luo Zheng's current strength. Even if he didn't borrow the strength of the dragon scale, he could ignore the weight of the weighted garment with his own strength.
After bouncing for a short while, Luo Zheng walked to the track in front of the mountain wall. After checking the distance, he took a deep breath.
"Brother Luo Zheng, come on!" Zhang Wuxian shouted from the side.
Luo Zheng nodded and began to sprint forward.
The distance one could climb depended on the speed and strength of the previous sprint. The faster the speed, the greater the strength, and the more the stamina.
This time, Luo Zheng wasn't testing himself against others. He was very relaxed, but his attitude was very serious. Even if it was a trivial matter, he would use an incomparably serious attitude to deal with it. This was Luo Zheng's philosophy of life.
The moment he took a step, Luo Zheng activated the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in his right arm.
"Xiu …"
The energy emitted from the Phoenix Soaring Crystal formed a thin wind barrier that evenly wrapped around Luo Zheng's body.
It was this barrier that completely cut off the wind resistance. In other words, the wind resistance was equal to zero for Luo Zheng.
Xiao Yufeng's number one outer disciple, Luo Zheng, was undergoing a test on the Sparrow Hawk Platform. For the other outer disciples on the Sparrow Hawk Platform, this was indeed a great attraction. Everyone wanted to see what was so special about this Luo Zheng. Was he really as strong as the rumors said?
Therefore, they all stopped their training and stood not far away to watch.
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became blurry. Only moving at an extremely high speed could produce this effect.
"Heavens, his speed is actually so fast! How is this possible? "
"This is too abnormal. This speed is hard to catch with the naked eye …"
"I don't know how many meters he will climb. Maybe he will be able to break the record of the handprint above?"
Everyone was discussing with their eyes wide open. They didn't want to miss a single detail. After all, Luo Zheng's speed was too fast. If they were slightly careless, he might disappear from their sight.
Luo Zheng still held back some of his speed. In fact, if he burst out at full speed, these people wouldn't even be able to catch a trace of his figure.
However, he was now rushing towards a mountain wall. Moreover, when he reached the mountain wall, he had to jump up. If he was too fast, it wouldn't be good if he didn't grasp the opportunity and hit the mountain wall. This test on the Sparrow Hawk Platform wasn't just about speed and strength. It was also very particular about grasping the opportunity.
This was Luo Zheng's first test. Everything depended on his feelings.
The moment Luo Zheng approached the mountain wall, his feet stepped on the ground. His whole body bent into an arch, and then stretched out with all his strength, shooting upwards.
Luo Zheng's speed of ascension was extremely fast!
What was even more strange was that Luo Zheng didn't borrow strength from the mountain wall in the first half of the climb. He only relied on the force of his jump to rush upwards.
Zhang Wuxian's pair of round eyes were opened so wide that his eyeballs were about to fall out. This Luo Zheng … didn't even step on the mountain wall! Didn't borrow strength?
In order to climb higher, they would use their hands and feet to constantly step on the walls of the mountain to generate upward force and allow themselves to climb higher.
However, everyone completely didn't expect that Luo Zheng didn't borrow strength from the mountain wall at all in the first half of the climb. He only relied on his amazing jumping ability to rush upwards for more than 20 meters …
"This Luo Zheng is too abnormal, isn't he? He can jump dozens of meters with just his jumping ability! "
"I have nothing to say. I already have nothing to say. This is too demoralizing. How can we live with this gap?"
Wu Da, who was watching from the side, had a gloomy expression. At the same time, he said coldly, "Climbing the mountain wall, relying only on jumping ability isn't enough. He can jump up more than 20 meters with just his jumping ability. This is only the first half of the climb. He will definitely fall down in the second half of the climb! Look, his speed has already slowed down! "
Luo Zheng jumped up to a height of 27 meters. After the force of his jump gradually weakened, Luo Zheng stretched out his hands and feet to climb up.
When Luo Zheng's hands and feet touched the mountain wall, his eyebrows suddenly raised. Interesting. This mountain wall was polished so smooth that there wasn't even a point to exert strength on.
＝＝＝＝＝