In fact, it wasn't that there weren't any places to exert strength on.
This mountain wall was finally climbed by Xiao Yufeng's disciples. Every time they stepped on it, they would leave some marks on the mountain wall.
Over time, some small depressions would appear on the mountain wall.
Some disciples trained a lot and slowly dug out these depressions. Using these depressions, they were able to climb higher.
Some of the depressions would gradually worsen as people used them too much!
Although on the surface, the mountain wall was indeed smooth and flat, in fact, there were still many depressions.
There were even some disciples who, after climbing hundreds or even thousands of times, had already memorized each and every dent deeply in their minds. After the jump, where the first step should be and where the second step should be had to be taken care of!
Therefore, experience was very important when climbing this mountain wall. Luo Zheng didn't have any experience. If he climbed with his own strength, he would definitely be at a disadvantage.
Wu Da was able to climb to a height of 47 meters because he made good use of these depressions. Secondly, he was very agile! Since ancient times, the number of people who climbed to the top was far less than the number of people who climbed below. Therefore, the higher one went, the fewer depressions there were. The less obvious they were, the more difficult it was.
Although Luo Zheng lacked experience and couldn't find the depressions on the mountain wall, he had an advantage, and that was speed!
The energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal played a huge role at this moment. His hands were constantly slapping the mountain wall, and at the same time, his feet were stepping at an extremely fast speed.
In fact, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he could even kick into this hard mountain wall and then jump up. However, doing so would inevitably lead to suspicion of cheating, so he gave up on this idea.
Luo Zheng's control of his own strength had already reached an extremely fine level. Under the constant slapping and stepping, Luo Zheng's speed actually increased again!
"Ah, Luo Zheng's speed actually increased again. Heavens!" An outer court disciple screamed.
"No way? What's going on? This doesn't make sense! "Some outer court disciples' faces were full of confusion. They couldn't figure it out.
Climbing this mountain wall was a linear process of decreasing one's speed.
At the bottom of the mountain, one's strength and speed would be the highest. Because there was no point in the middle of the mountain wall, one's speed would gradually decrease, and the speed of climbing would become slower and slower.
No matter who it was, no one could break this process.
However, when Luo Zheng was halfway up, his speed suddenly increased …
What did this mean? This meant that Luo Zheng didn't need to rely on accumulating strength at the bottom! He could even skip the sprinting part … He could keep climbing up the mountain wall, be it ten meters, thirty meters, a hundred meters, or a thousand meters. To him, climbing up the mountain wall was like running on flat ground. There was no difference.
Under such circumstances, the test of climbing the mountain wall had lost its meaning for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng crossed 30 meters, 40 meters, 50 meters, 55 meters at an extremely fast speed … Soon, he surpassed the previous handprint.
This time, Luo Zheng stopped at a height of 60 meters. At the same time, he stretched out his hand and slapped the mountain wall heavily.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's slap caused the mountain wall to cave in, forming a deep handprint. Then, he turned around and fell straight down from the mountain wall.
"He broke the record on his first try. Xiantian lifeforms are really different!"
"This isn't a problem with being a Xiantian lifeform. Actually, I've seen some inner sect disciples take the test here. Those inner sect disciples didn't have a good time either. Even if some of the stronger inner sect disciples were able to reach a height of 60 meters, they still couldn't reach Luo Zheng's level …"
"Indeed, those records are meaningless to Luo Zheng. As long as he wants to, climbing this mountain wall is as easy as walking on flat ground!"
While the crowd was discussing, Luo Zheng returned to the ground and walked towards Wu Da. As he walked, he took off the weight-bearing clothes he was wearing and handed them to Wu Da with a smile. "I've embarrassed myself."
Wu Da's expression was very stiff, and his mouth was filled with a bitter taste.
What Xiao Yufeng, the number one outer sect disciple? This guy was simply abnormal. Let alone Xiao Yufeng, who in the entire Blue Cloud Sect's outer sect disciples could be compared to him? Why did this guy stay in the outer sect?
Looking for Luo Zheng was simply asking to be humiliated …
A deep sense of defeat spontaneously arose from Wu Da's heart.
After returning the weight-bearing clothes to Wu Da, Luo Zheng walked in front of Zhang Wuxian and patted Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian deliberately made a very exaggerated expression of astonishment. However, after Luo Zheng patted him, his expression gradually turned into a smile. He laughed wildly and said, "Hahaha, I knew it. Brother Luo Zheng could definitely do it. However, Brother Luo Zheng, you didn't just do it!"
As Zhang Wuxian spoke, he intentionally or unintentionally glanced at Wu Da beside him. Luo Zheng had helped him take a deep breath. Thinking of Wu Da's Xiantian appearance, Zhang Wuxian was angry.
In fact, with Zhang Wuxian's status, there was absolutely no need for him to get angry with a half-step Xiantian martial artist. With Zhang Wuxian's status, he didn't even put a Xiantian Full Circle martial artist in his eyes, let alone a half-step Xiantian!
The Zhang Family's strength wasn't considered strong, but the Zhang Family's consecrators were famous in the entire Eastern Region!
Generally speaking, the number of Emerald Cloud Sect disciples who could cultivate to the Illuminating Spirit Realm could be said to be very few, and most of the Illuminating Spirit Realm powerhouses came from noble families! Of course, the noble families couldn't take all the benefits. There were always some talented geniuses who came from grassroots families.
Most of the Illuminating Spirit Realm experts who grew up in grassroots families were consecrators of the Zhang Family.
These Illuminating Spirit Realm consecrators were directly under the Zhang Family's command!
This was the fundamental reason why the Zhang Family, although not a noble family, could stand shoulder to shoulder with the seven noble families.
As the Third Young Master of the Zhang Family, even those Illuminating Spirit Realm consecrators had to give him face. He didn't need to put Wu Da in his eyes at all.
However, Zhang Wuxian had a natural tenacity. Although he didn't expect himself to walk too far on the path of martial arts, he still immersed himself in it and hoped that he could walk as far as possible!
After being defeated by Wu Da several times, Zhang Wuxian was naturally angry.
Although he hadn't defeated Wu Da this time, Luo Zheng had helped him vent his anger. Zhang Wuxian still felt very good.
He and Luo Zheng went to a nearby pavilion and sat down on a stone bench.
The Blue Cloud Sect's scenery had always been very good. The Sparrow Hawk Station was a side peak of Xiao Yufeng, so one could have a panoramic view of the mountains to the west.
"Brother Luo Zheng, why did you specially come here?" Zhang Wuxian asked. With his quick thinking, he had already guessed what Luo Zheng wanted. He reckoned that Luo Zheng had something good to entrust him to auction. However, he naturally didn't want to ask Luo Zheng, so he pretended not to know.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Brother Wuxian, I do have something I want you to help me with. However, I hope that after I entrust it to you, you can help me keep it a secret!"
Zhang Wuxian looked deeply at Luo Zheng. "Brother Luo Zheng, I see you as a brother. Don't mention the word 'secret' again. No matter what the auction item is, even if someone puts a knife to my neck, I still won't say a word."
Luo Zheng smiled and said with some embarrassment, "I'm thinking too much. Don't blame me, don't blame me. I know Brother Wuxian can trust me, but I'm just thinking too much!"
"It doesn't matter. The more Brother Luo Zheng talks like this, the more curious I am. Presumably, the item you want me to auction is of great importance. It's always right to be cautious." Zhang Wuxian was also curious. He knew that Luo Zheng wasn't a narrow-minded person. If the item in his hands wasn't too important, he wouldn't have made such a promise!
Last time, Luo Zheng entrusted him with the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core, he didn't place so much importance on it. Could it be that the item this time was even more valuable than the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core?
Seeing Zhang Wuxian's curious expression, Luo Zheng shook his spatial ring and took out a small cup.
Although there was no one around the pavilion, and with Xiao Yufeng's experience as an outer court disciple, there were very few people who could recognize the item in the cup. However, Luo Zheng still covered it with his hand and handed it to Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian stared at the item in the cup. His eyes slowly widened, and he said softly, "Heaven's Divination Essence!"
Last time, when Luo Zheng auctioned the Blade Insect Queen's crystal core, someone had also auctioned Heaven's Divination Essence.
Zhang Wuxian still remembered that the Heaven's Divination Essence had been auctioned for a high price of 120,000 cubic crystals!
If a landowning household hadn't given up, the price might have risen even higher. Could one imagine the value of Heaven's Divination Essence to the people of the Eastern Domain?
"This Heaven's Divination Essence seems to be no less than the batch we sold at the Tianlu Auction House last time. How many drops are there in total?" Zhang Wuxian's voice trembled slightly. He really couldn't figure out where Luo Zheng had obtained this Heaven's Divination Essence!
"There are 55 drops in this cup!" Luo Zheng said.
Zhang Wuxian took a deep breath and said faintly to Luo Zheng, "I finally understand why you were so cautious just now. If it were me, I would probably be even more cautious than you!"
Luo Zheng chuckled. "If I only had this cup of Heaven's Divination Essence, I naturally wouldn't be so cautious. Brother Wuxian, I will provide you with these Heaven's Divination Essences every once in a while. Please help me auction them off!"
"What? Every once in a while! You, you, you still have more? "Zhang Wuxian sucked in a breath of cold air. He felt his nose hurt.
The Heaven's Divination Essence was extremely mysterious. Up until now, no one had figured out how it was produced. Even the Heaven's Divination Essences auctioned off at the auction house were obtained by some cultivators by chance!
From Luo Zheng's tone, it seemed like he still had a lot of Heaven's Divination Essence on hand. Because there was so much of it, he had to provide it to him regularly …