This meant that Luo Zheng had a considerable amount of Sky Derivation Essence in his hands. It was even possible that Luo Zheng himself had mastered the method of producing Sky Derivation Essence!
Luo Zheng nodded. "Brother Wuxian, I have Sky Derivation Essence in my hands. If I put it up for auction at the Tianlu Auction House, it will be a win-win situation for the Zhang Family, right?"
Zhang Wuxian nodded.
"I'm sure you're aware of my concerns just now. If the Sky Derivation Essence is auctioned a few more times in the future, I'm afraid the Zhang Family will have to bear a considerable amount of pressure. Do you think you can handle it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Zhang Wuxian's breathing gradually became heavier.
Luo Zheng's concerns were very normal.
Anything could happen in this world.
The Zhang Family's strength was not bad, but compared to the seven noble families, there were still some subtle differences.
If the Zhang Family auctioned Sky Derivation Essence once in a while, it would still be considered normal. In this world, there were always some lucky warriors who could obtain it.
However, if the Zhang Family sold a batch of Sky Derivation Essence every month, the situation would be different.
This meant that someone had a stable source of Sky Derivation Essence, or someone had mastered the method of producing Sky Derivation Essence.
When the noble families realized this problem, they would definitely exert pressure on the Zhang Family. The Zhang Family would also very likely force Zhang Wuxian to reveal the source of the Sky Derivation Essence!
This was the risk involved!
Suddenly, Zhang Wuxian chuckled and said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, it seems like you're worrying too much!"
Hearing Zhang Wuxian's tone, Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Could it be that Brother Wuxian has a plan to avoid this risk? Or could it be that you can control the entire Zhang Family like an iron plate? "
Zhang Wuxian continued with a smile, "Brother Luo Zheng, you haven't interacted much with the Zhang Family, so naturally you don't know some methods. The Zhang Family has been in the auction business for so many years, and we've come up with many solutions to various problems. Like you, there are indeed many warriors who don't dare to put their items up for auction because they're worried. For example, some warriors want to auction the treasures after they've killed someone, but those treasures already have owners. If they rashly put them up for auction, they're afraid that they'll cause a lot of trouble. They don't dare to put their items up for auction, so we've come up with some ideas …"
Killing and robbing treasures were things that happened almost every day.
Even noble families' descendants were killed and their Xuan weapons and spiritual Xuan Weapons were stolen..
Some Spirit Artifacts were originally seized from the hands of the other party. Those martial artists were eager to sell them, but they didn't dare to do so. Because once they were auctioned and discovered by the other party's landowning households, there was a chance that they would be traced back to them and bring about a fatal disaster!
Therefore, the Zhang Family thought of alternative methods abroad.
For example, the entrusted transaction method. First, the treasures were placed in a secret place, then two unrelated people were entrusted to deliver a slip of paper to the people of the Tianlu Auction House. Then, the people of the Tianlu Auction House would go to the secret place to collect the entrusted treasures. In this way, the entrusting party didn't need to show up during the entire transaction.
Even the people of the Tianlu Auction House didn't know who the entrusting party was.
After the transaction was completed, the people of the auction house would deduct a portion of the auction fees. Then, they would deposit the traded square crystals into an anonymous token and put them back in the secret place. The transaction would be considered complete.
After Zhang Wuxian explained this method to Luo Zheng, he added, "So don't worry, Brother Luo Zheng. As long as I tell the family that I'm using this method to conduct the transaction, and that I don't know who the owner of the Heaven's Divination essence is, I'm sure they won't be able to pursue the matter."
"I see." Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. He was already having a headache about hiding his identity and selling the Heaven's Divination essence. Now that he heard Zhang Wuxian mention this method, the Tianlu Auction House had been doing business for many years. It was indeed a good method. Not only would it protect the seller, but it would also be a win-win situation for everyone.
"But … Brother Luo Zheng, you don't have to worry about me auctioning off 55 drops of Heaven's Divination essence?" Zhang Wuxian joked.
"Hehe, although a few hundred thousand square crystals is a lot, it's probably nothing in the eyes of the Third Young Master of the Zhang Family." Luo Zheng laughed. This was indeed not within his scope of concern. Zhang Wuxian did not pursue short-term profits when doing business, but long-term benefits. Luo Zheng had already told him that he had more than a few dozen drops of Heaven's Divination essence. If Zhang Wuxian really used his family's power to embezzle the 55 drops of Heaven's Divination essence, then he would definitely lose more than he gained.
First of all, Luo Zheng could not sell him the rest of the Heaven's Divination essence. Furthermore, this action would anger Luo Zheng, and he would definitely not be able to stay in the Xiao Yufeng. Furthermore, he would have to be on guard against Luo Zheng at all times. The price of this was far more than a few hundred thousand square crystals!
Zhang Wuxian took the Heaven's Divination essence from Luo Zheng and silently stuffed it into his fat left hand. Zhang Wuxian wore a beautiful jade ring on his left ring finger. It was a Sumeru Ring.
After stuffing the Heaven's Divination essence into his ring, Zhang Wuxian sighed. "With so much Heaven's Divination essence appearing, I'm afraid it will cause a huge uproar in the capital."
The value of Heaven's Divination essence lay in the fact that it could be used directly on Dharma treasures.
For example, as long as enough Heaven's Divination essence was poured into a top-grade Dharma treasure, it would undergo a qualitative change, and there was a certain probability that it would become an Immortal treasure!
Although the price was high and the amount of Heaven's Divination essence consumed was also very high, if it succeeded and they obtained an Immortal treasure, they would earn back all the capital and interest.
This was also the reason why Heaven's Divination essence was so precious.
Zhang Wuxian's cultivation for the day came to an end. After taking off the weight-bearing clothes, the two of them returned to the main peak from the Sparrow Hawk Platform. At this moment, they bumped into Zhou Wuxian and Mo Can.
"Brother Luo Zheng, Brother Wuxian, I was just looking for you!" Mo Can said with a smile when he saw the two of them.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng did not react in time.
Zhang Wuxian patted Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "Did you forget? Didn't Mo Can mention some time ago that there was a gathering in his family? Let's go and support them! "
Luo Zheng did not come from a large landowning household. The Luo Family that he belonged to was far superior to even the Mo Family, let alone Zhang Wuxian.
Therefore, he did not know much about the social circles of landowning households.
In contrast, Zhang Wuxian was much more sensitive in this aspect. He had a deep understanding of Mo Can's helplessness and bitterness in the landowning household.
"I've been too busy recently, so I forgot about it! Your family's gathering is today? "Luo Zheng asked.
Mo Can nodded, "Yes, today."
They had agreed to follow Mo Can to his house as guests, so they naturally followed Mo Can.
The Mo Family of the North City was the most declining household among all the landowning households.
The title of landowning household was hereditary.
However, even if it was hereditary, it did not mean that a certain family would be landowning households for generations to come.
For example, there was once a large landowning household, the Bright Moon Xiao Family. Although this Xiao Family was not the earliest batch of landowning households, they gradually rose to prominence because of the abundance of talents in the Xiao Family. Regardless of whether it was the Imperial Army or the Burning Sky Palace, there were members of the Xiao Family who were important members. The experts in the family were as numerous as the clouds, and their true strength had far surpassed the seven large landowning households!
However, after the Xiao Family's strength had greatly increased, they slowly became ambitious. They issued a decree in the imperial court, expanding the territory around the Burning Sky Dynasty. For a time, they were in the limelight.
At that time, even the members of the seven large landowning households had to lower their heads when they saw the Xiao Family!
The good times did not last long. After a period of time, someone pinned the hat of rebellion on the Xiao Family. Since then, the entire Xiao Family was wiped out. Although there were still descendants of the Xiao Family in the world, their privileges as landowning households were all taken away. Until now, the Xiao Family had not been able to recover.
Therefore, the privileges of landowning households were bestowed by that person in the Burning Sky Palace. Similarly, he could also take them back.
In recent years, the Mo Family of the North City was lacking in talents. If their family did not rely on other landowning households, or if they could not produce any important figures, their privileges as landowning households would very likely be taken back.
In the north of the Burning Sky Imperial Capital, at the end of a straight street, there was a two-zhang tall gate. The entire gate was painted with red paint. On both sides of the gate, there were two huge copper lions lying on the ground, emitting a majestic aura.
Even the declining landowning households were unreachable to the common people of the Imperial Capital.
Mo Can led Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, and the others to the gate.
Today, the Mo Family had a gathering and invited guests. The entire Mok Province had already been decorated.
The four carp lanterns hanging above the gate were replaced with new ones. The copper lions in front of the gate were also washed. On both sides of the gate, there was a housekeeper and two servants standing in front of the gate to welcome the guests of the Mo Family.
The housekeeper of the Mok Province had a smile on his face. Today, the guests who came to welcome the guests were all people of status. If they were not the children of the large landowning households, then they were the upper echelons of the Imperial Court. He had maintained this smile for a few hours. That smile seemed to have frozen on his face, and his muscles had already stiffened.
However, when the housekeeper of the Mok Province saw Mo Can bring people home, he immediately felt his muscles relax. The smile on his face finally changed into an arrogant and contemptuous expression. "Young Master Mo Can, why have you come back?"
Mo Can originally did not like the housekeeper of the Mok Province. Ever since his mother died, there was basically no place for him in the entire Mok Province. When he heard the housekeeper of the Mok Province ask this, Mo Can coldly said, "What? I can't come back? "
The housekeeper of the Mok Province shook his head. "It's not that you can't come back. However, Young Master Mo Can is now an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect! It doesn't matter whether you return to the Mo Family or not, haha! "