Mo Can pursed his lips. He already knew that he would be ridiculed by these people when he returned to the Mo Family. He had grown up in Mok Province and had received all kinds of disdain and unfair treatment. He didn't have any strength and no one was willing to back him up, so he had always resigned himself to it.
He was used to it, but Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, and the others weren't used to it!
Who was this housekeeper? He was just a servant in Mok Province. Just because he was the housekeeper of Mok Province, he dared to speak like this?
Among them, Zhang Wuxian had the biggest reaction. In his Zhang Family, there had never been a servant who dared to speak like this in front of their master. Zhang Wuxian frowned and said to Mo Can, "Mo Can, are all the servants in your Mo Family like this?"
Mo Can smiled and was about to answer, but he didn't expect that these words would reach the housekeeper's ears. The housekeeper couldn't take it anymore. He looked down on Mo Can, so naturally, he also looked down on Mo Can's friends. He said, "Like this? What like? You little fatty, tell me, what do you think I'm like? "
Zhang Wuxian's brows furrowed deeply when he saw the steward's suicidal look.
Don't be fooled by Zhang Wuxian's simple and honest appearance. If you really pissed him off, you would be in big trouble. If Zhang Wu County really exploded, there was no need for the Mo Family's gathering in the north of the city. They could just casually send a few people from the Zhang Family over and they would be able to teach the Mo Family a lesson!
However, Zhang Wuxian still held back. After all, it was Mo Can who invited him today. Even if he didn't give face to the monk, he still had to give face to Mo Can.
At this moment, Mo Can also had an apologetic expression on his face. He knew Zhang Wuxian's identity. He was the third young master of the Zhang Clan. It was indeed wrong to let him suffer grievances in the Zhang Clan. Therefore, the usually amiable Mo Can shouted at the housekeeper, "Housekeeper Qu! These are my friends, please show some respect! "
Steward Qu chuckled. "Respect? Why should I respect you? What qualifications do you have … "
Manager Qu was halfway through his words when he couldn't continue.
He felt an extreme sense of danger, as if he was being stared at by the most ferocious beast, which made his hair stand on end.
Manager Qu's face paled. Trembling with fear, he turned his head and saw Luo Zheng's bright eyes.
Luo Zheng just stared at Manager Qu with a very indifferent gaze. However, while staring at Manager Qu, he also released a part of his soul power, forming a soul pressure.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, as long as he wanted to, he could suppress Manager Qu with just a glare and make him unable to speak.
"Mo Can, let's go in," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Although Mo Can didn't know why Manager Qu looked as if he had seen a ghost, he could guess that it was because of Luo Zheng.
Therefore, Mo Can patted Zhang Wuxian's shoulder and said apologetically, "Brother Wuxian, I'm sorry. Our family's servant is indeed in the wrong … but don't be angry with him. Let's go in, okay?"
Since Mo Can said so, Zhang Wuxian nodded and followed behind Mo Can with Zhou Xian.
As for Luo Zheng, he walked at the back.
Just as Luo Zheng retracted his gaze, Manager Qu felt the pressure disappear and he immediately felt relaxed.
Luo Zheng's pressure made Manager Qu feel very uncomfortable!
Manager Qu was not happy in his heart and was about to curse. Although Luo Zheng's move was extraordinary, but Manager Qu did not take it seriously. After all, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage. In Manager Qu's opinion, Mo Can's friends could only be regarded as a pack of scoundrels, and there was no need to take them seriously.
This was Mok Province and a Xiantian stage one brat dared to be impudent?
Therefore, Manager Qu pointed at Luo Zheng's back and opened his mouth to curse.
At this moment, Luo Zheng turned his head and stared at Manager Qu. The corners of his mouth curved slightly and he smiled gently.
A bright yellow soul power quietly condensed into a sharp thorn and fiercely stabbed towards Manager Qu!
Previously, Luo Zheng had used his soul power to suppress Manager Qu and only gave him a small warning to shut up.
But in this world, there were some people who didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth and didn't know how to restrain themselves. For such people, Luo Zheng could only ruthlessly teach them a lesson!
"Ah!"
Manager Qu issued a mournful scream and then held his head with both hands and kept rolling on the ground, turning over and over. It was incomparably miserable.
The two servants next to Manager Qu were completely unaware of what had happened and were anxiously staring at the side with wide eyes.
"Manager Qu, are you okay? What the hell is going on? "
"Could it be that Manager Qu has lost his mind?!"
Luo Zheng's face slightly exposed a trace of a sneer and then he turned his head and walked towards the courtyard in Mok Province.
The three people walking in front had actually heard the movement here. Previously, Luo Zheng had displayed a spiritual attack in front of the three of them. At that time, Luo Zheng had used this move to make Vulture Peak's disciple Liu Cunshi hover between life and death in pain.
Presumably, he would also use this move today.
That Manager Qu was really too hateful. It was only right for him to suffer a little! The three of them all thought so.
After Luo Zheng caught up with them, they continued to walk towards the inner part of Mok Province.
The Mo family in the northern part of the city occupied a large area with many courtyards. Although the house in the inner sect was very old, it still glowed with the extravagance of the past after being decorated.
Along the way, servant girls and servants came and went, carrying all kinds of exquisite tea and snacks in their hands. It seemed that they were preparing for the following banquet.
After walking through a few aisles and passing through two doors, they arrived at the Mo family's guest hall.
There was an open-air field in front of the guest hall. Next to the field, a theatrical troupe had set up a stage. On the stage, several performers were pinching their noses and babbling.
Next to the stage, there were dozens of tables. Although the guests were not fully seated at this time, there were already many people who had arrived.
Mo Can walked in with Luo Zheng and the other two. Inside, there were servants who recognized Mo Can. However, even a small servant did not take Mo Can seriously. Although his words were not disrespectful, his tone was full of disdain: "Young Master Mo Can has brought his friends back? Go sit over there by yourself! "
Mo Can could only helplessly lead Luo Zheng and the other two to a table. This table was not set up properly. Even the stools were brought over by Mo Can himself.
After the four of them sat down, Zhang Wuxian laughed mischievously and shook his head as he said to Mo Can: "Mo Can, it seems that your days in the Mo family are really not easy!"
Mo Can could only force a smile and said: "I don't mind. It's just that I've caused these brothers to lose face."
"Don't say that. Mo Can, what's your ranking in the family?" Zhang Wuxian waved his hand. They were here to support Mo Can. In other words, they were here to help Mo Can. In fact, whether it was Luo Zheng or Zhang Wuxian, they had already made up their minds. If the Mo family really bullied them too much, they would definitely help Mo Can get back at them!
However, Zhang Wuxian's thoughts were more meticulous than Luo Zheng and Zhou Xian. Before that, Zhang Wuxian wanted to ask clearly whether Mo Can was a direct descendant or a collateral descendant. He also wanted to know why the people in the family ostracized him like this.
When Mo Can heard Zhang Wuxian's question, he already understood what Zhang Wuxian wanted to know. He briefly explained his situation.
In fact, Mo Can was not a collateral descendant of the family. On the contrary, he was the eldest son of the main branch.
According to this logic, Mo Can's status in the Mok Province was definitely not low. At the very least, it was impossible for any servant to dare point fingers at him.
However, when Mo Can was young, Mo Can's father had failed a family mission and died tragically under arrows. Since then, Mo Can's status had plummeted.
Although he was still the eldest son of the main branch, Mo Can's third uncle was now the head of the family in the Mok Province. As the "eldest son", he naturally didn't receive any good treatment. Normally, he would come and go as if he was just a passerby.
After listening to Mo Can's words, Zhang Wuxian shook his head. There was a trace of indignation in his expression. "Your third uncle is really abominable. Could it be that the other elders in the family didn't say anything?"
Generally speaking, when Mo Can's father died and Mo Can was the sole descendant of the family head, the family should treat him well. However, the Mo family was the complete opposite. Not only did they not give him any care, if they had the chance, they would probably expel Mo Can from the family.
Zhou Xian's face was also full of indignation. "This kind of family doesn't care about family ties. It's really disappointing!"
Luo Zheng then drank a cup of tea and said faintly, "Hehe, since that's the case, it's perfectly justifiable for us to help Brother Mo Can. If those people really don't know what's good for them and cause a huge ruckus, does Brother Mo Can have any opinions?"
Mo Can's experience was very similar to Luo Zheng's. After their father died, they both lost power in the family. At this moment, Luo Zheng had already made up his mind to help Mo Can get back at them!
Seeing the three of them filled with righteous indignation, Mo Can shook his head and said, "The three of you treat me as a brother. At least I, Mo Can, can clearly distinguish between good and bad. If the three of you are willing to help me, I, Mo Can, will naturally be more than willing to do anything."
Zhang Wuxian laughed and said, "Since Brother Mo Can doesn't mind, then it's fine. If there really is a ruckus, I'm sure I can still handle the Mo family!"
In fact, with Zhang Wuxian's scheming mind, he wouldn't have done this kind of thing in the past.
Because even a small Mo family in the northern part of the city was considered a noble family. Zhang Wuxian didn't want to offend the Mo family over such a small matter. It wasn't that his Zhang family was afraid of the Mo family. In fact, this kind of declining noble family wasn't worth mentioning in the eyes of the seven noble families and the Zhang family.
However, the Zhang family had a principle in doing things, and that was to never do things that didn't benefit them. Offending the Mo family for no reason would be a thankless task.
However, this time, Zhang Wuxian had a reason.
After Zhang Wuxian's observation during this period of time, Luo Zheng was definitely a person worthy of Zhang Wuxian's investment.
According to Zhang Wuxian's intuition, Luo Zheng's future growth potential was almost limitless!
＝＝＝＝＝