In the Eastern Domain, anyone who reached the Divine Reflection Realm was an overlord. How many of these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators would be willing to listen to someone else?
Take that wealthy merchant from Guanghan County for example. It was already extremely rare for him to be able to hire a few Xiantian lifeforms to protect him. If he wanted to spend money to hire these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators, he would be dreaming!
But the Zhang Clan could do it!
There was more than one Divine Reflection Realm cultivator in the Zhang Clan.
These Divine Reflection Realm cultivators were willing to stay in the Zhang Clan and become their Divine Reflection Realm cultivators. They would help the Zhang Clan at critical times because they valued the Zhang Clan's resources and connections.
But more importantly, the Zhang Clan had already endlessly invested in these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators before they matured.
This was also why these Divine Reflection Realm cultivators were willing to stay in the Zhang Clan.
Zhang Wuxian was the third young master of the Zhang Clan. He was born with an incomparable sensitivity to this aspect.
In Zhang Wuxian's view, once Luo Zheng broke through and became a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, his strength would be on par with any of the Zhang Clan's Divine Reflection Realm cultivators!
Thus, Zhang Wuxian wanted to invest.
This investment wasn't in the monetary sense. Luo Zheng didn't lack money. He would even entrust him to auction off the Sky Spill Essence. In the process, Zhang Wuxian could even make money....
Zhang Wuxian invested in relationships.
He knew that Luo Zheng was a person who valued relationships. Although he was sometimes emotional, the more a person valued relationships, the more they cared about their friends and brothers!
This was also why Zhang Wuxian was willing to help Mo Can regardless of the immediate cost.
However, Zhang Wuxian also integrated himself into the group. In his heart, he already regarded Luo Zheng and the others as his brothers.
At this time, another group of men and women walked in.
When the servants who were busy at the side saw the group of people, they immediately dropped what they were doing and rushed forward, nodding and bowing. "Young Master Yu is back. Take a seat here. We've already arranged special seats for you and your friends!"
Several servants at the side hurriedly arranged the chairs neatly, the table was also cleared out, and a layer of velvet carpet was spread over the table, and fruits and snacks were placed on top of it.
Young Master Yu, who was the leader, called his friends to sit down.
Luo Zheng glanced around. Young Master Yu was wearing a black robe, and the friends he brought were also wearing black robes.
Although Mo Can's family had declined, it wasn't too difficult for them to help their children enter the inner court. It seemed that Mo Can's position in the family was indeed too low …
After Young Master Yu sat down, he looked left and right. His gaze fell on Mo Can, then swept past Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, and the others. He roughly noticed that the friends brought by Mo Can were all outer disciples, wearing white robes.
He raised his thick eyebrows and a mocking smile appeared on his face.
"Mo Can, why didn't you stay on Xiao Yufeng? What are you doing here today?" Young Master Yu laughed mischievously.
Mo Can blinked and replied, "According to the rules, I have to come back to the family gathering. Mo Yu, why do you have to ask?"
"Oh." Mo Yu shook his head. "I thought you could rely on your own ability to enter the Blue Cloud Sect and make a name for yourself. However, you came back with these scoundrels?"
The inner court disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had always looked down on outer court disciples.
If they were inner court disciples of the same peak, they could still get along well. However, when inner court disciples of other peaks saw outer court disciples, they weren't even willing to look them in the eye.
The men and women beside Mo Yu were all from Egret Peak.
Egret Peak was ranked sixteenth in the Blue Cloud Sect. Although it wasn't particularly high among the 33 peaks of Clear Cloud Sect, it wasn't at the bottom either. Its strength was in the middle.
When these inner court disciples saw the Xiao Yufeng symbol on Luo Zheng's and Zhang Wuxian's chests, their faces were filled with disdain. In their eyes, Luo Zheng and the others were just small fries in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Insulting Mo Can wasn't a big deal. Mo Can had always tolerated it. However, insulting his friends was something that Mo Can couldn't tolerate. "Mo Yu, watch your words. They are my friends, not my scoundrels!"
"Oh?" Mo Yu looked at Mo Can with interest. He liked to see Mo Can's flustered and exasperated appearance. "If you aren't my scoundrels, then tell me, why were you assigned to Xiao Yufeng, the last peak? In the Blue Cloud Sect, I'm afraid that Little Rain Peak is the weakest place in the Outer Sect. In my opinion, it's better not to go to Little Rain Peak. In any case, it's just a place to cultivate dregs! "
"Mo Yu, what do you mean?" Mo Can suddenly stood up and shouted sternly.
At this moment, the banquet had yet to begin. Around half of the guests had already arrived. Everyone turned their heads one after another when they heard Mo Can's loud and furious cry. Even the few performers on the stage stopped their voices and looked over in his direction.
Mo Yu withdrew his playful smile and slowly stood up. Mo Can, who used to be weak and easily bullied, was surprisingly unyielding today. This was something that Mo Yu hadn't expected. However, where exactly did Mo Can's confidence come from? Could it be that he was relying on the people beside him?
From the moment he entered, Mo Yu sized up Mo Can's friends.
The eyes of landowning households were all very sharp.
First of all, he saw that Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and Zhou Xian were all wearing white robes. This confirmed that there wasn't a landowning household among them. They were all commoners.
This idea wasn't wrong, but it was actually very wrong. Because the Zhang family represented by Zhang Wuxian couldn't be counted as commoners. Not only that, although the Zhang family wasn't a landowning household, it was actually much more powerful than an ordinary landowning household. After all, the Zhang family was the only one that could stand shoulder to shoulder with the seven major landowning households! If they had to be ranked, then the Zhang family wouldn't lose to any of the seven major landowning households!
Of course, the fact that they were wearing white robes was indeed very deceptive. Mo Yu had misjudged Zhang Wuxian, but this wasn't a particularly big mistake.
Moreover, the strength of these people wasn't enough.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian were only half-step Xiantian experts. Only Luo Zheng was a Xiantian expert, and he was only at the Xiantian first stage.
Mo Yu himself was at the Xiantian fourth stage, not to mention his friends, who were basically at the Xiantian fourth stage and the Xiantian fifth stage. With their strength, they naturally didn't put Mo Can's friends in their eyes. Therefore, Mo Yu dared to describe Luo Zheng and the others as a pack of rogues.
"Mo Can, have you grown up? Now you dare to talk to me like this? " Moyu's face darkened. Even if she had to do it in front of so many people, she had to teach this brat a lesson and teach him a lesson.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian's faces also showed anger. They didn't expect that Mo Can's family would be so ruthless.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's face was expressionless.
He twisted the Yixing clay teapot on the table and poured the emerald green tea on his hands. Immediately, a wisp of Zhen Yuan emerged on his hands, and under the heat of Zhen Yuan, the tea quickly evaporated.
Then, Luo Zheng stood up, patted Mo Can's shoulder, and said with a smile: "Mo Can, who is the one who spoke to you?"
Mo Can gritted his teeth and said: "He is my cousin!"
"Oh, your cousin, right?" Luo Zheng said to Mo Yu with a smile: "Since he is Mo Can's cousin, then we are all friends. I think that there is no need for you to speak like this between cousins. You are relatives, and it would be bad if you don't get along well!"
"Relative? Ha ha! "Mo Yu laughed and said:" What qualifications does he have to be my relative? Who in our Mo family treats him as a relative? "
"Since Mo Can is not qualified to be your relative, then this matter will be easy to handle." Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"What matter? What is easy to handle?" Mo Yu was stunned. Luo Zheng's words were somewhat inexplicable, and he didn't understand.
Luo Zheng smiled coldly: "Just now, someone said that we are a group of scoundrels. If it was because of Mo Can's face, we could tolerate it, but since you are not relatives, then there is no need for us to tolerate it!" After Luo Zheng finished speaking, a wisp of Zhen Yuan condensed in his right hand. At the same time, an extremely fierce power was emitted from his body, enveloping Mo Yu and the others.
That power contained Luo Zheng's powerful soul power, and at the same time, Luo Zheng's deep killing intent!
Ever since they followed Mo Can to the Mok Province, Luo Zheng and the others had been enduring. At this moment, Luo Zheng understood that there was no need for him to endure.
He didn't want to make a move here. After all, this Mok Province's gathering seemed to be a joyous occasion …
After all, they were invited by Mo Can to support him, not to fight …
If he went too far, Mo Can's face wouldn't look good …
Therefore, Luo Zheng gave Mo Yu a chance. If he recognized Mo Can as his relative, then this matter could still be discussed. However, that guy didn't care about family ties at all. Since he didn't care about family ties, then Mo Can didn't need to protect the Mok Province's face. Even if he destroyed the Mok Province today, it wouldn't be considered too much.
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly emitting a powerful aura, the faces of Mo Yu and the others sank, and they also stood up one after another.
Although Luo Zheng's aura was amazing, but the people of Mo Yu and the others hadn't seen Luo Zheng's real strength. They thought that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage, so how powerful could he be? If a fight really broke out at this moment, they were all at the Xiantian fourth or fifth stage, and the disparity in fighting strength between the two sides was too great. In the blink of an eye, those outer disciples brought by Mo Can would be eliminated.
It seemed that this fight was about to break out at any moment.
Most of the surrounding guests had average strength, so how could they dare to come over and mediate?
At this time, five or six people came in from the door. These five or six people were all female disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
The female disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect still strictly abided by the rules of the sect, and they wore black and white robes.
However, the robes of the Blue Cloud Sect were not beautiful to the female disciples, so as long as they had the opportunity to leave the Blue Cloud Sect, they couldn't wait to change out of their robes and put on clothes that competed with each other for beauty, such as flying birds on the ground, embroidered with clouds, flying gold hairpins and flowers … …
This time, the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak came in, and at this moment, they were all dressed up beautifully.
"Sister Yun, you came back?" Originally, the situation was already tense, but when Mo Yu saw the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak come in, his eyes suddenly lit up, "Miss Qian Ning is also here, she is a distinguished guest!"
At this moment, Mo Yu didn't want to have a conflict with Mo Can and the others. This time, he came back for two reasons, one was for the family gathering, and the other was for his real purpose, which was that his cousin Mo Yun was going to bring her several close friends home to play.