Mo Yu and Zhu Qianning had met several times, and the first time they met, Mo Yu's heart had already been moved.
As for Zhu Qianning, she was the first daughter of the Divine Needle Family Zhu of the seven major noble families. In comparison, Mo Yu was just a small, rundown noble family. It was said that Zhu Qianning's status in the family was not low, and she was greatly doted on. Her status was even higher than that of the first son of the family!
With such a huge gap between them, Mo Yu also understood that he would not be able to take the direct path. Not to mention other things, noble families paid particular attention to matching social status and marriage. Whether it was strength, talent, family affairs, or background, which of these could match with Zhu Qianning?
Therefore, Mo Yu could only take the path of his cousin. He asked his cousin to bring Zhu Qianning back more often. Mo Yu hoped that after more contact, he would be able to break through Zhu Qianning's line of defense.
Last time, when Mo Yu went to the Demon Slaying Trial, he heard that Zhu Qianning was participating, and he also desperately wanted to pass the Demon Slaying Trial. Unfortunately, his Egret Peak was full of talents, and although he passed the initial assessment, he was squeezed out by the other inner disciples. After all, Mo Yu's strength was only at Xiantian fourth stage, and he was not very outstanding in the inner sect of Egret Peak.
Now that Zhu Qianning had finally returned from White Emperor City, Mo Yu had been very worried about her, but after returning, he did not have a good reason to find her. This time, it just so happened that during the family gathering, he talked to his cousin Mo Yun in every possible way, and even promised to give her a low-grade spirit tool.
Mo Yun then dragged Zhu Qianning over from Jade Maiden Peak.
Therefore, at this moment, when he saw Zhu Qianning was present, he could not bring himself to make trouble with Mo Can and his gang of scoundrels. Zhu Qianning's side was the main focus!
"Tell them that Family Zhu's eldest daughter, Zhu Qianning has arrived!" Mo Yu ordered.
The servant next to him heard this and shouted loudly: "Family Zhu's eldest daughter, Zhu Qianning has arrived!"
Generally, if a noble family encountered a distinguished guest, they would let the servant announce it loudly to show respect. If it was an even more distinguished guest, the master would personally announce it.
Zhu Qianning was the legitimate daughter of the Divine Needle Family Zhu. Compared to Mok Province, she was indeed a more distinguished guest. However, she was a woman, and could only be passed on by Mo Yu's servant! If the legitimate sons of the Divine Needle Family Zhu, such as Zhu Henshui or Zhu Mingsan, arrived, Mo Yu would have to personally announce it!
In fact, according to this rule, Zhang Wuxian, who was beside Mo Can, would have to be personally announced by the master of Mok Province.
Mo Can understood this logic, but he could not take the initiative to reveal Zhang Wuxian's identity. Mo Yu also understood this logic, but he did not know Zhang Wuxian.
Zhu Qianning was wearing a light red, silver-lined, cloud-patterned jacket today. For a martial artist, clothing was far more useful for aesthetics than keeping out the cold. Even if a Xiantian lifeform stood naked in the snow, they would not feel cold.
Therefore, this silver-edged cloud-patterned jacket was very fitting, and meticulously depicted her charming figure. In addition to her already extremely beautiful appearance, even though the few Jade Maiden Peak disciples beside her were also beautiful, she still stood out from the crowd like a crane in a flock of chickens.
When she heard someone greet her as soon as she entered, she habitually responded. In her memory, this Inner Sect disciple in front of her seemed to be Mo Yun's older brother. However, because they had only met a few times, he was somewhat unfamiliar.
After the servant announced the announcement, Mo Yu politely led Zhu Qianning and the other female disciples to their table. The servant next to them had already arranged chairs, respectfully inviting the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak to take a seat.
At this moment, her gaze suddenly swept across a table to the side, finally stopping on Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng!
When Zhu Qianning saw Luo Zheng, she could not help but feel agitated.
The man who had saved her life from a life and death situation, the man who had used his own strength to squeeze her life to the limit, the man who had killed the nameless Demon General, had already left an indelible mark in her heart.
On the day of the great battle with the Demon Race at White Emperor City, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were ultimately sent away. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was not one of them.
Because at that time, Luo Zheng had been captured by Yun Luo.
Zhu Qianning naturally missed him very much. Before she left, she begged her Second Uncle, Zhu Feihang, to protect Luo Zheng no matter what.
Although Second Uncle readily agreed, Zhu Qianning was still worried.
It was not until later that Zhu Qianning learned from Second Uncle that Luo Zheng had not only survived the great battle with the Demon Race, but had also made great contributions.
He was only a half-step Xiantian, but he was able to make great contributions to the Divine Reflection Realm experts. Without a doubt, the current Luo Zheng had risen another level in Zhu Qianning's heart.
It was just that … after this brat left White Emperor City, there had been no news of him.
Zhu Qianning had even thought about going out to find him.
But when she thought about how she, a girl, would travel thousands of miles to find a man, she could not bring herself to do such a thing. Although the customs of the Burning Sky Dynasty were civilized, Zhu Qianning, who was born in a great aristocratic family, was still quite conservative.
Later, Zhu Qianning found out through her own channels that Luo Zheng had returned to the Blue Cloud Sect and often went to the Fantasy Fish Pond to cultivate.
She was both happy and disappointed in her heart.
She was happy because Luo Zheng had returned to the Blue Cloud Sect safe and sound. She was disappointed because Luo Zheng seemed to have completely forgotten about her existence and only knew how to cultivate!
"Should I go and find him directly?" This question had been lingering in Zhu Qianning's mind for a long time. However, her ladylike demeanor forced her to suppress this thought.
Zhu Qianning originally did not want to come today.
It was only because of her good friend Mo Yun's repeated invitations that she decided to come along.
She had never thought that she would be able to coincidentally meet Luo Zheng here.
She had been thinking about Luo Zheng day and night on Jade Maiden Peak, but it seemed as if nothing had happened.
Previously, Luo Zheng had immersed himself in cultivation. Now that he had the time to attend the Mo Family's gathering, he was not even willing to contact her? Could it be that he had really forgotten about her?
Although Zhu Qianning had a lot of resentment in her heart, when she saw Luo Zheng occasionally raise his head and smile at her, and when she saw Luo Zheng's sparkling eyes, she completely forgot about these resentment.
At this moment, how could she be willing to pay attention to Mo Yu, who was fawning over her in every possible way?
She directly bypassed Mo Yu and walked in front of Luo Zheng. Her smiling face was like a flower, but her words carried a trace of blame: "Since you've returned, why didn't you come to Jade Maiden Peak to play with me?"
When Zhu Qianning said this, everyone was stunned.
Especially the few people who knew Zhu Qianning's identity.
For example, Zhang Wuxian.
Since he was very young, Zhang Wuxian had to learn to clearly distinguish the relationships between the important people in the imperial capital.
Whether it was the heads of the seven major landowning clans or the important direct descendants of the landowning clans, he had to clearly remember their character, strength, talent, and hobbies. He had to recite them backwards.
This kind of skill was a compulsory course for the descendants of the Zhang Family.
Regarding Zhu Qianning's information, Zhang Wuxian had a much deeper understanding than Luo Zheng.
Zhu Qianning was a direct descendant of the Family Head. Although her talent and strength were not too outstanding, she was quite liked by the head of the Family Head. She had an incomparable advantage over the other children of the same generation in the Family Head.
Generally speaking, all landowning clans had a set of strict family rules for the development of their own Family Head.
This set of family rules was not targeted at one person, but at the entire landowning clans.
If you had ordinary talent, ordinary strength, and didn't know how to work hard, then the resources given to you by the landowning clans would gradually decrease.
However, Zhu Qianning broke this tradition.
In terms of talent, Zhu Qianning's talent could only be considered above average. However, she was the apple of the Family Head's eye. It could be said that as long as she wanted, the entire Family Head could use any resources on her.
This kind of situation was absolutely impossible for other clans.
Because too much favoritism towards one family's descendant would inevitably cause dissatisfaction among the other family's descendants. This would lead to internal conflicts within the Family Head, which was very detrimental to the development of the entire Family Head.
However, the Family Head did not have this kind of problem.
On the contrary, the entire Family Head favored Zhu Qianning. Whether it was the elders of the Family Head or the younger generation of the Family Head.
Although Zhang Wuxian was well-versed in the interpersonal relationships of the entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, he did not have such a detailed understanding of everyone.
The reason why he had such a detailed understanding of Zhu Qianning was because the Zhang Family had once planned to form a marriage alliance with the Family Head. If possible, the Zhang Family wanted Zhang Wuxian's older brother, Zhang Wuji, to be married to Zhu Qianning.
This kind of marriage alliance between landowning clans was very common. Usually, after the marriage alliance, both clans would obtain substantial benefits.
However, after probing the Family Head's words and Zhu Qianning's thoughts through layers of channels, the Zhang Family gave up on the marriage alliance.
This was because the Family Head had already said that Zhu Qianning could marry whoever she wanted. The Family Head would not restrict her in the slightest. Furthermore, based on Zhu Qianning's personality, she was still a young girl who had just experienced the first awakening of love. She still had a trace of fantasies about love. According to this logic, a marriage alliance for the benefit of the Family Head was something that Zhu Qianning hated the most.
After a comprehensive analysis, the Zhang Family finally gave up on this plan.
In fact, the most important part of this plan was the Family Head's thoughts. The so-called parents' orders and matchmakers' words were definitely the mainstream melody at this time. Generally speaking, the children of large clans would have political marriages. The Family Head would not restrict Zhu Qianning in the slightest. From this point, it could be seen that the Family Head really cared for Zhu Qianning to the extreme.
It was because of this plan that Zhang Wuxian had such a clear understanding of Zhu Qianning. At the same time, he was even more puzzled as to why Luo Zheng knew Zhu Qianning. Furthermore, from Zhu Qianning's tone, it could be seen that she was blaming Luo Zheng for not looking for her. On the other hand, Luo Zheng himself was somewhat indifferent …