Compared to Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian and Mo Can were much less surprised.
Such a delicate beauty came to complain that Luo Zheng didn't look for her. How charming was Brother Luo Zheng?
Also, when did Luo Zheng know Zhu Qianning? Was it during the Demon Slaying Trial?
"Well, Brother Luo Zheng, quickly introduce her to us. Is she our future sister-in-law?" Zhou Xian was older than Luo Zheng, so he said this with a smile.
Mo Can was even more direct. He stood up and saluted, "Hello, sister-in-law!"
"Don't talk nonsense!" Zhu Qianning rebuked, but there was a trace of shyness on her face. She didn't resist it very much.
Everyone present had discerning eyes. Who couldn't see it? Generally, such an answer probably meant that the woman was interested in the man!
"Good, good, good! Don't talk nonsense. You can call her sister-in-law in the future! " Mo Can said immediately. At the same time, he glanced at Mo Yu. Although Mo Can's character was naive, he wasn't stupid. When Zhu Qianning came in, he saw that Mo Yu was especially attentive to Zhu Qianning. He guessed that Mo Yu was interested in Zhu Qianning. At this moment, the more he teased, the more it made Mo Yu feel uncomfortable!
"Humph!" Zhu Qianning wrinkled her small nose and turned her head to call her sisters over, "Mo Yun, Hua Rong, Little Yu … Come here. Let me introduce you. He is Luo Zheng!"
Several girls squeezed over together. Pairs of beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng and sized him up. At the same time, they were also commenting.
"He is Luo Zheng! Zhu Qianning, you have always talked about this guy. It's true that hearing about him is not as good as meeting him in person. He is very handsome! "
"Yeah, his eyes are so bright. It seems like they are shining!"
"Wow, if I had known, I would have also participated in the Demon Slaying Trial and let him save me from the Demon Generals. How exciting!"
Luo Zheng didn't know that the story of him chasing Demon Generals alone and saving Zhu Qianning from the hands of five Demon Generals had already spread throughout Jade Maiden Peak!
Therefore, Luo Zheng's reputation in Jade Maiden Peak was even greater than Xiao Yufeng's.
In comparison, the process of Luo Zheng participating in the Demon Slaying Trial wasn't widely spread in Xiao Yufeng. Even those who participated in the Demon slaying Trial were tight-lipped's mouth didn didn't wantonly spread spread it.
The female disciples were all chattering. At this moment, only Mo Yun's expression was a bit unnatural.
As Zhu Qianning's best friend, Mo Yun naturally knew about Luo Zheng's matters. Zhu Qianning had described him more than once as a great hero. It wasn't just Zhu Qianning who said this. It wasn't just Zhu Qianning who participated in the Demon Slaying Trial. The other female disciples naturally also saw Luo Zheng's heroic appearance.
If it was another place, Mo Yun might be like Little Yu, Hua Rong, and the others, crowding around Luo Zheng and commenting on him.
However, the reason why Mo Yun invited Zhu Qianning over today was because her brother, Mo Yu, was pestering her. And Mo Yu was obviously interested in Zhu Qianning!
Mo Yun never thought that even though she invited Zhu Qianning, Luo Zheng himself would also come to her house.
And from the looks of it, it was Mo Can who brought Luo Zheng.
There were so many disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. Even Xiao Yufeng had more than ten thousand disciples. Coincidentally, this Luo Zheng was Mo Can's good friend?
Mo Yun stealthily glanced at Moyu, who was not far away.
At this moment, Mo Yu's face was completely dark. His entire person seemed to be shrouded in a dark cloud.
For Mo Yu, Zhu Qianning was almost an unattainable goddess. She was destined to be an existence that Mo Yu admired and looked up to.
Mo Yu knew that his chances of wooing Zhu Qianning were slim, but that didn't mean that he didn't have the slightest chance.
Although the Mo Family had declined, it was still a noble family. Mo Yu's talent wasn't bad. If he worked hard, he had a certain chance of winning the position of the head of the Mo Family in the future.
If Mo Yu really did all this, he still had the qualifications to pursue Zhu Qianning.
Today, he was able to ask his sister to bring Zhu Qianning to Mok Province as a guest. Originally, it was a very happy thing.
In order to plan this matter, he had prepared for a long time. He had even meticulously prepared a few programs for Zhu Qianning. All of this was to please her!
But how could Mo Yu have imagined that this would happen when Zhu Qianning had just arrived in Mok Province? He saw that Zhu Qianning was clearly interested in that guy called Luo Zheng.
A deep sense of defeat surrounded Mo Yu's body. At this moment, he felt that all the strength in his body was dissipating. How could this be?
The few friends beside Mo Yu didn't look too good at this moment.
As Mo Yu's brothers, they knew very well that Mo Yu wanted to pursue Zhu Qianning. But now, the direction of the situation had exceeded their expectations.
Suddenly, Mo Yu clenched his fists tightly. A fierce and ruthless look appeared in his eyes. No matter what, this Luo Zheng had to die!
Seeing Mo Yu's sinister look, the person beside Mo Yu pressed his hand down. At the same time, he shook his head at Mo Yu. "Mo Yu, don't be agitated. The opponent's strength isn't weak. Furthermore, it would be a bad idea for you to make a move here."
Indeed, Mo Yu couldn't make a move here.
First of all, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't weak. The aura released by Luo Zheng just now was very astonishing. Although he was only at the Xiantian first stage, the principle that cultivation level didn't equal strength was understood by all the disciples from the Blue Cloud Sect. But from the words of those female disciples, it seemed that Luo Zheng had killed a Demon General!
What was the strength of a Demon General? Mo Yu and the others didn't participate in the Demon Slaying Trial, but they were also very clear about the various legends of Demon Generals. Take Egret Peak as an example. At the very least, one had to be ranked in the top 50 of the Inner Sect to be qualified to fight against a Demon General.
As for killing a Demon General, they hadn't heard of any Inner Sect disciple of Egret Peak who could do it.
Of course, they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, and the words of Zhu Qianning and those female disciples weren't necessarily trustworthy. Therefore, whether Luo Zheng could really kill a Demon General was a point worth discussing.
Even if Luo Zheng's strength was really similar to his cultivation level, which was at the Xiantian first stage, but if Mo Yu made a move in front of Zhu Qianning, it would be a very irrational behavior. This wouldn't let Zhu Qianning have a good impression of Mo Yu, and it would only increase her disgust for Mo Yu.
Hearing his brother's words, Mo Yu relaxed his fists. How could he not understand that it was very irrational to make a move against Luo Zheng at this time? Not to mention, today was his Mok Province party. If he made a move at this moment, then he was afraid that the following party would be ruined.
"I'll endure it. When the party is over, I'll properly entertain you! And Mo Can, he actually brought such a troublesome person back to the Mok Province. He simply doesn't want to live anymore. I'll endure it and make Mo Can beg for death in the future! " Looking at Zhu Qianning's smiling appearance towards Luo Zheng, Mo Yu's heart was bleeding. He thought bitterly in his heart and unconsciously clenched his fists. His five fingers clenched into the hollow of his palm, gouging out several wounds.
Luo Zheng's soul perception was far stronger than that of ordinary people.
Mo Yu did his best to restrain himself, but Luo Zheng could also feel his deep hostility.
This hostility was completely different from the previous hostility.
Before, Mo Yu's hostility towards him was a kind of contempt. Perhaps Mo Yu thought that Mo Can's friends only needed to be taught a lesson.
But now, Mo Yu's hostility was completely different. It was a kind of hostility that wouldn't rest until one of them was dead!
Facing Mo Yu's hostility, Luo Zheng didn't mind at all.
Since entering Mok Province, Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and Zhou Xian had been suppressing anger in their hearts.
Therefore, they needed a reason to vent, and at the same time, help Mo Can regain his rightful position in the family!
If Mo Yu became this reason, then it would be just right!
At this moment, four servants walked out of the guest hall. The four servants opened the door of the Mo family's guest hall and a dozen people walked out.
The person at the front had a thin goatee and a goatee. This was the head of the Mo family, Mo Xiuyan.
Luo Zheng sat by the table and secretly sized up Mo Xiuyan. He saw that this person's aura was restrained, but he faintly leaked a small amount of pressure. This was because he had restrained his True Yuan within his body. This person's strength should be at the Divine Reflection Realm.
"This is the head of the Mo family, Mo Xiuyan. He's also the only Divine Reflection Realm expert in the Mo family," Zhang Wuxian said in a low voice. His tone was full of disdain.
Needless to say, the seven noble families all had many Divine Reflection Realm experts. In the Zhang family, although very few people had reached the Divine Reflection Realm, the consecrators under their banner were basically all Divine Reflection Realm experts. In other words, only Divine Reflection Realm experts could be the consecrators of the Zhang family!
In any case, the Mo family was still a noble family. Until now, only Mo Xiuyan had reached the Divine Reflection Realm. Zhang Wuxian estimated that the Mo family's status as a noble family would be taken away sooner or later.
"Father!"
After standing up, Mo Yu quickly walked over to Mo Xiuyan and the others. At the same time, he deliberately glanced at Luo Zheng and the others.
After the short confrontation just now, Mo Yu had already regarded Luo Zheng as his greatest enemy.
However, Mo Yu didn't have much confidence. Under these circumstances, his first thought was to use his father's ability to suppress Luo Zheng.
However, in exchange for Mo Yu's gaze, Luo Zheng and Zhang Wuxian sneered.
In the eyes of others, a Divine Reflection Realm expert was a god-like existence.
However, in the eyes of Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian and the others, they were nothing more than that.
Zhang Wuxian didn't need to be mentioned. If he wanted to mobilize a Divine Reflection Realm expert stronger than Mo Xiuyan, he could do so with a single word.
Luo Zheng had personally faced off against a Divine Reflection Realm expert. He had once defeated a Divine Reflection Realm expert like Xu Xiu in Baidi City. He had also personally killed a Divine Reflection Realm expert in the Immortal Abode.
Although Luo Zheng knew that there was still a certain gap between his true strength and a Divine Reflection Realm expert's, he also knew that this gap wasn't too big.
"Yu 'er," Mo Xiuyan patted Mo Yu's shoulder and said in a clear voice, "I, Mo Xiuyan, am extremely honored that all of you have graced the Mok Province's gathering with your presence today. If there is anything that I have not done, please forgive me!"
"Patriarch Mo, you are too polite!"
"It is an honor to be invited to the Mok Province. Why does Patriarch Mo say this?"
Not all of the guests present were landowning households. For a gathering of the Mo Clan's level, true nobles naturally wouldn't attend.
Although the Mo Clan had declined, it was still a landowning household. Many of them still relied on the Mo Clan to make a living, so they were naturally very polite.
After being polite, Mo Xiuyan followed Mo Yu around to greet the guests.
Luo Zheng's table was also very lively at this moment.
＝＝＝＝＝