Zhu Qianning refused to sit at the table set up by Mo Yu. Instead, she brought her sisters to sit at Luo Zheng's table, chattering away.
Zhou Xian, Mo Can, and the others chatted with them in full swing.
Although the Eastern Domain was strictly guarded against men and women, at a landowning household gathering, no one was so restrained. From time to time, laughter like silver bells would ring out from their table.
It had to be said that Mo Can was a naturally optimistic person. Even though he was bullied at home, he was still chatting and laughing. It was as if he had forgotten all the unpleasantness from before. From time to time, he would tell a joke, causing the female disciples to hold their bellies in laughter.
After a while, Mo Xiuyan and Mo Yu seated the guests at the other tables, they headed over.
Mo Xiuyan smiled as he faced Zhu Qianning and said, "Today is the Mok Province gathering. Family Zhu's eldest daughter is attending. Mo Xiuyan is extremely honored!"
In fact, Mo Xiuyan was being overly courteous this time.
After all, Mo Xiuyan was the head of the Family Zhu, the head of an entire clan. Moreover, he was also a Divine Realm expert. Even if Zhu Qianning was the apple of the Divine Needle Family Zhu's eye, Mo Xiuyan didn't need to be so courteous.
If a person was especially courteous to others, then he must have a motive!
Mo Xiuyan's motive wasn't hard to guess.
He already knew that his son was interested in Zhu Qianning.
Landowning households were extremely sensitive to this kind of news. Mo Xiuyan knew very well that if a declining landowning household like the Family Zhu were to cling onto the Divine Needle Family Zhu, it wouldn't be hard to imagine the benefits they would receive in the future.
However, if Zhu Qianning was only a collateral relative of Family Zhu, or even a direct descendant, Mo Xiuyan would not be so courteous and willing to condescend to give such courteous treatment to a female junior.
However, Mo Xiuyan was also a person who had fought his way through life in the Imperial Capital. What Zhang Wuxian knew, Mo Xiuyan also knew.
Zhu Qianning's position in the Family Zhu was very special. If his son and Zhu Qianning really got married, it would basically be like climbing up the big tree of Family Zhu!
Although Mo Xiuyan understood that this matter was very difficult, not only would he be able to fulfill his son's wish, but he would also be able to help the Mo Family get through this difficult period. With such great benefits, he had to give it a try.
Don't be fooled by Zhu Qianning's cheerful appearance. After all, she was born in a prestigious family and had been in this kind of situation for a long time since she was young.
Zhu Qianning quickly stood up and said, "Uncle Mo, you don't have to be so polite. I'm here today mainly because of Mo Yun's invitation. I'm not here to do you any honor."
Mo Xiuyan laughed and said, "No matter what, Qianning, you're here to bring honor to our Mok Province. As Mo Yun's good friend, as her uncle, I have to do something!"
After saying that, Mo Xiuyan took out a small brocade box from his sleeve. Then, he shook his hand slightly and the brocade box in his hand jumped open automatically, revealing a small bracelet inside the brocade box.
The bracelet was blood-red, but the red color was not dazzling. Instead, it gave people a warm feeling. Obviously, this bracelet was not ordinary.
"This Mixed Blood Bracelet is a greeting gift. Please accept it, Qianning," Mo Xiuyan said slowly.
Seeing the Mixed Blood Bracelet, Zhu Qianning's mouth twitched.
With Zhu Qianning's knowledge, she could tell at a glance that this Mixed Blood Bracelet was not ordinary.
If she was not wrong, this Mixed Blood Bracelet's raw material was actually carved out of Mixed Blood Jade. Mixed Blood Jade was a type of jade that came from the far east.
It was said that there was an Ashen Snow Mountain in the far east. It was said that the Ashen Snow Mountain was covered in ice and snow all year round. From afar, it looked like an ordinary snow mountain. There was nothing special about it.
However, every year in March and April, the peak of the Ashen Snow Mountain would erupt. Ordinary volcanic eruptions spewed out rolling lava, but the Ashen Snow Mountain spewed out a bright red liquid.
This bright red liquid was very similar to the blood in the human body. Therefore, the Ashen Snow Mountain was also called the Ashen Blood Mountain!
Before the Ashen Snow Mountain erupted, many people would go there. However, their goal was not the bright red liquid.
Not only was this liquid useless to humans, it was actually harmful. The bright red liquid contained poison. If humans came into contact with it for too long, they would be poisoned. Their faces would turn black, and they would die with sores all over their bodies. Therefore, most people did not dare to go there when the Ashen Snow Mountain erupted.
Only Xiantian lifeforms could isolate the bright red liquid from the outside of their bodies and prevent it from being poisoned.
The reason why these Xiantian lifeforms risked their lives to go there was because of the Mixed Blood Jade. This kind of jade would be sputtered out along with the Ashen Snow Mountain's eruption.
However, when it erupted every year, there would only be a few dozen or a few hundred pieces of Mixed Yuan Blood Jade. It was extremely rare. Most of the Xiantian lifeforms were just trying their luck. If they couldn't find any, then they were just unlucky. If they could find one or two pieces, then they would be extremely lucky. With the price of Mixed Yuan Blood Jade, even a single piece would be considered a windfall.
If this Mixed Blood Jade was worn on the body, it could soak blood energy into the skin. Over time, the blood energy in the body would become stronger. After a person's blood energy became stronger, not only would their strength increase, but their spirit would also become better!
With such a miraculous effect, the value of Mixed Blood Jade could be imagined.
Generally speaking, Mixed Blood Jade was not too big. Even if it was picked up, it would be processed into a jade pendant and hung around the neck.
For example, if the Mixed Blood Jade in Mo Xiuyan's hand was carved out of Mixed Blood Jade, it would require a fist-sized piece of Mixed Blood Jade. The value of this bracelet could be imagined.
However, although it was precious, Zhu Qianning didn't care about it.
With Zhu Qianning's status in the family, as long as she wanted, even the family heirlooms could be given to her …
Therefore, last time in Baidi City, Zhu Qianning had threatened Zhu Feihang that if he wasn't willing to pay to save Luo Zheng, she would sell the family heirlooms like the Taiyi Divine Needle …
The family heirlooms in Zhu Qianning's hands were far more valuable than the small Mo Family's. Every one of them was ten times or even a hundred times more valuable than this Mixed Blood Bracelet.
Therefore, although the Mixed Blood Bracelet was an extremely precious item to others, it was ordinary to Zhu Qianning.
Although it was ordinary, Zhu Qianning definitely couldn't accept it. She wasn't related to the Mo Family in any way. It would be inappropriate for her to give such a precious item to the Mo Family on her first visit.
Therefore, Zhu Qianning shook her head and said, "Uncle Mo, I can't accept this."
At this time, Mo Yu took the Mixed Blood Bracelet out of the brocade box and said to Zhu Qianning with a smile, "Qianning, what's the big deal about this? It's just a bracelet. Why can't you accept it? "
Zhu Qianning smiled slightly and said, "I don't deserve it. It's my first time in Mok Province. I shouldn't accept such a precious item."
"That's good. You can come to my house more often in the future. Isn't that good?" Mo Yu said with a smile.
Luo Zheng, who was sitting next to them, frowned slightly. He had never seen such shameless people. This father and son were really despicable. Zhu Qianning had said that she didn't want it, but they still insisted. This was too unsightly.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to step in and help Zhu Qianning, someone at the table suddenly said, "You can't give this bracelet to her!"
The person who spoke was Mo Can. At this moment, Mo Can's face was stern as he said, "You can't give this bracelet to others!"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a surprised expression.
Since entering Mok Province, Mo Can had been very tolerant. Even if the officials said bad words and neglected him, he endured it. Even Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and the others were bullied.
But why did Mo Can suddenly become so harsh?
And he was facing the head of the Mo family, Mo Xiuyan.
Mo Xiuyan saw that it was Mo Can who spoke. His face darkened, but he didn't say anything. Instead, Mo Yu jumped out and said, "Mo Can, remember, this is not the place for you to speak!"
This time, Mo Can refused to back down. He shook his head and said, "I want to say that you can't give this bracelet to others. This bracelet belonged to my father. Since my father died, this blood jade bracelet has been missing. So it's in your hands!"
"Can 'er, you can't talk nonsense. After you lost your father, I've been treating you well. Why do you say that?" Mo Xiuyan was the head of the family. At this moment, his nephew exposed some of his lies. Naturally, his face didn't look good. However, he didn't want to confront Mo Can, so he could only change the topic.
"Treating me well?" Mo Can shook his head in disappointment. "Third Uncle, I don't care whether you treated me well or not. You and I both know that the dignified Mo family wasn't willing to give me a landowning household document. I had to work hard to get into the Blue Cloud Sect. I won't care about these small things. After my father died, you didn't treat him as a landowning household member. I won't care about this kind of unfilial thing. But let me ask you, why did my father's blood jade bracelet disappear after his death? Why is it in your hands now?"
Hearing Mo Can's question, Mo Xiuyan's eyes flashed with a hint of panic. However, he was, after all, an expert who had been famous for a long time. He quickly calmed down and even smiled. "Can 'er, you're thinking too much. This blood jade bracelet is not your father's."
"Is that so? Third Uncle, could it be that you think I was young and didn't remember? But I clearly remember that there were four large words engraved on the back of the blood jade bracelet. It was' Dragon and Phoenix Bring Prosperity '. Beside those four words, there was a row of small seals. Could it be that Third Uncle wants to say that this blood jade bracelet originally had a pair? "
As soon as Mo Can finished speaking, everyone followed his gaze and looked at the blood jade bracelet. Sure enough, there were four words engraved on the inside of the blood jade bracelet. It was' Dragon and Phoenix Bring Prosperity '.