After all, Mo Can had made a solemn vow. No matter what, Mo Xiuyan couldn't argue his way out of it.
Of course, for the strong, when they couldn't win an argument, they would use their power to oppress others. Mo Xiuyan said coldly, "Can 'er, there are important guests here today. Don't talk nonsense. We can discuss these family matters later!"
Mo Can also became stubborn. Even in front of the family head, he didn't have the slightest intention of backing down. "Third Uncle, we can discuss it later. But today, you can't give away this blood jade bracelet. It doesn't belong to you!"
"Shut up!" Mo Yu finally couldn't bear it anymore.
Mo Yu really regretted it. If he had known this would happen, he would have taken action from the beginning. Before Zhu Qianning arrived, he would have directly kicked out Mo Can and Mo Can's group of people.
He didn't expect that by keeping them here, they would cause such trouble. For no reason at all, Zhu Qianning saw them as a joke.
This was indeed a big joke. After all, the thing he gave away as a gift actually had an owner! Thinking that because of Mo Can, he was looked down upon by Zhu Qianning, Mo Yu's heart surged with killing intent.
Mo Xiuyan didn't say anything. After all, he was an elder. The bigger the trouble, the more he couldn't back down. He could only wait and see. The best way was for his son to suppress Mo Can!
Mo Can was born a coward. He was a good-for-nothing. He was afraid of his son since he was young. Maybe because of Mo Yu's roar, he would back down.
Mo Can didn't back down. At the same time, he didn't say anything. This was because someone spoke before Mo Can.
The person who spoke was Luo Zheng.
"Shut up? Why did you ask Mo Can to shut up? " Luo Zheng said with a smile. However, there was no smile in his eyes. After this farce, Luo Zheng finally understood that today's gathering was destined to be chaotic. He could only jump out at the most appropriate time.
"You also shut up. This is my Mo family's territory. You are just a small outer sect disciple. What right do you have to speak?" Compared to Mo Can, Mo Yu hated Luo Zheng even more!
Mo Can suddenly stood up and said in a strong tone, "Luo Zheng is my friend. I am a member of the Mo family.. Of course, he has the right to speak!"
Today's Mo Family gathering was supposed to be a joyous occasion. Now that there were some arguments, everyone lowered their voices.
However, Mo Can's voice immediately attracted the guests' gazes.
"You are a member of the Mo family? Haha! Mo Can, do you have a place in the Mo family? Then let me tell you, from today onwards, you, Mo Can, have no right to take a step into the Mo Clan! Come, kick him out! " Mo Yu had completely shed all pretenses of cordiality. He was now planning to kick Mo Can and his friends out first. Then, he would think of a way to deal with them!
Under Mo Yu's shout, a few servants immediately rushed over with water and fire sticks in their hands.
Seeing this scene, Mo Can smiled dejectedly and shook his head. He was quite sad. He opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out. After a while, he patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and signaled Luo Zheng, Zhang Wuxian, and Zhou Xian to leave with him.
Seeing Mo Can's dead appearance, Luo Zheng's heart trembled slightly. Thinking back to when he was in the Luo family, he also suffered a lot. Today, he must help Mo Can get back at him.
Luo Zheng shook his head and suddenly laughed: "Mo Can's surname is Mo. He is a member of the Mo family, and he is my friend. Let's see who dares to kick Mo Can out today!"
Mo Yu sneered and waved his hand. The servants smashed the water and fire sticks in their hands towards Luo Zheng.
Facing these servants, Luo Zheng frowned and suddenly waved his arm. When the water and fire sticks touched them, they were immediately cut into several pieces. At the same time, he kicked them.
"Get lost!"
Those servants were only in the Refining Marrow stage. How could they dodge Luo Zheng's kick? In a flash, Luo Zheng kicked them one by one and sent them flying.
"They are fighting! Isn't that Xiantian stage one boy too arrogant? He actually dares to hit people in Mok Province? "
"Even if the Mo family has declined, it is still a landowning household. Mo Xiuyan is also a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse. How can a Xiantian stage one junior act so violently?"
"He is making trouble like this and damaging Mo Xiuyan's face. He is dead. That boy is dead for sure!"
At this moment, many guests were no longer in the mood to eat. They left their tables one after another to watch.
At this moment, Mo Yu didn't have time to please Zhu Qianning. He sneered: "Those who dare to make trouble in our Mok Province won't be able to get out alive!" As he spoke, Moyu tapped his finger, and a long spear popped out from his hand. He pointed it at Luo Zheng. "Since you've made up your mind to fight, you should also be prepared to die!"
Seeing that a fight was about to break out, Zhu Qianning retreated to the side with several female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak.
At this moment, Mo Yun's face was also deathly pale. She was somewhat anxious in her heart: "Brother, don't fight. Let's just forget about this matter!"
"Shut up, Mo Yun. This has nothing to do with you. This boy dares to make trouble in our Mo family. He must pay for his actions!" At this moment, Mo Yu's only thought was to take Luo Zheng's life!
Mo Xiuyan was an elder and a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse. With his status, it was inappropriate for him to participate in this kind of dispute in public. Moreover, among the people brought by Mo Can, the strongest one was only at Xiantian stage one. Presumably, his strength was far inferior to his son's, so he didn't need to take action.
Even so, he didn't forget to say: "Yun 'er, this matter has nothing to do with you. If the younger generation wants to learn from each other, let them do it!" Although he said this, people with discerning eyes could see that Mo Xiuyan was encouraging his son to teach Luo Zheng a lesson.
Mo Yun bit her lips but didn't dare to say anything.
On the contrary, Zhu Qianning calmly looked at Mo Yun and asked: "Mo Yun, what are you worried about?"
Mo Yun shook her head and said: "Sister Qianning, I am afraid that my brother will be at a disadvantage."
Although Mo Yun also felt that Mo Yu was wrong, Mo Yu was her brother after all.
As Zhu Qianning's close friend, Mo Yun had heard of Luo Zheng's legendary stories from Zhu Qianning. She understood that Luo Zheng's strength was not as simple as it seemed on the surface!
Zhu Qianning smiled: "Your brother won't be at a disadvantage."
Mo Yun blinked and asked: "Why?"
"Because he doesn't even have the qualifications to fight Luo Zheng. If it were your father, it would be more likely," Zhu Qianning said indifferently.
Mo Yun's eyes suddenly widened and her face was full of disbelief. Although she had heard from Zhu Qianning that Luo Zheng had fought against the Yao General and had a conflict with the Family Zhuge in Baidi City, she knew that Luo Zheng's strength was tyrannical. But to say that Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to that of a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse was too unbelievable.
Zhu Qianning felt that her judgment was correct.
When Luo Zheng was in Baidi City, he used his special True Qi to almost kill Xu Xiu!
At that time, Luo Zheng was only a half-step into the Xiantian realm and had not entered the Xiantian realm.
Now that Luo Zheng was a Xiantian lifeform, his strength had greatly increased. Even if Luo Zheng could not defeat a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse, he still had the qualifications to fight!
However, although Zhu Qianning said this, she still had a trace of worry in her heart. In any case, this was the capital of the Burning Sky Empire, and Zhu Qianning's Family Zhuge was not far from here. She was thinking that if Mo Xiuyan really wanted to fight, she would immediately summon the experts of her clan!
At this moment, there was another person who had the same thoughts as Zhu Qianning. This person was Zhang Wuxian.
Zhang Wuxian understood Luo Zheng's strength. Dealing with Mo Yu was not a problem, but Mo Xiuyan had already entered the Divine Reflection stage for many years. Although Mo Xiuyan was not an outstanding figure in the Divine Reflection stage, his age was still there. Luo Zheng was not his match. If Mo Xiuyan really did not care about face and wanted to suppress Luo Zheng, then Zhang Wuxian would have no choice but to act.
Mo Yu hated Luo Zheng to the core. His long spear jumped out from his spatial ring and stabbed out.
Mo Yu's spear technique was very unique. His long spear was not long. Compared to a normal eight foot long spear, his spear was a full three feet shorter!
Moreover, the entire spear shaft was made from the 'Wind Willow Tree Core'. This type of Wind Willow Tree Core was extremely light. It was said that a hundred year old Wind Willow Tree that was as thick as a water bucket would not weigh more than a hundred pounds. If it was cut down to the ground, even an ordinary adult would be able to carry it.
The Wind Willow Tree Core was the essence of the Wind Willow Tree, so it was even lighter.
Using the Wind Willow Tree Core to forge a spear shaft not only made the spear shaft extremely tough, but also made its weight almost negligible.
Because the spear was light, the speed of his spear was extremely fast.
In the blink of an eye, Mo Yu's spear had already stabbed out twelve times.
When he stabbed out with his spear, it was enough to make him laugh proudly in the same realm. This was because the main attack method of the spear was to rely on the spearpoint to cause piercing damage. This type of damage was often much more destructive than 'sword stabs' or 'saber slashes'.
However, the spear also had a shortcoming, and that was that it was too slow to draw back. If you stabbed out with your spear and your opponent dodged, then the opponent would follow your spear shaft and attack you. At this time, the spear user would often find it difficult to deal with.
However, Mo Yu's spear was short, so whether it was drawing back or drawing back, it was extremely fast. This basically covered up the spear's shortcoming.
Moreover, when Mo Yu stabbed out with his spear, he also poured his true essence into the spear, forming a sharp Astral Spear!
These Astral Spears extended three feet from the spearpoint, effectively making up for the length of the spear.
Mo Xiuyan saw his son's spear technique and couldn't help but nod his head, his face revealing an expression of praise.
Mo Yu had always been Mo Xiuyan's hope. From a young age, Mo Yu's comprehension ability was astonishing. Moreover, when he was fourteen years old and was playing in the outskirts of the imperial capital, he met an expert who taught him a set of 'Willow Spear Arts'. This set of spear arts, Mo Xiuyan had personally investigated, and it was actually a set of Heaven Ranked Cultivation Technique.
His son had such a great opportunity, so his father naturally hoped that he would become a talent, surpass him, and lead the Mo Family to another peak.
Therefore, Mo Xiuyan used up all of the Mo Family's resources to help Mo Yu create the 'Wild Willow Spear'.
The Mo Family had been in decline these past few years, so Mo Xiuyan had bet the majority of his fortune on his son!