In front of so many people, Mo Yu still wanted to show off. At this moment, he gathered all the Zhen Yuan in his body and poured it into the spear shaft. The Astral Spear shot out from the tip of the spear. It was full and fierce, and each Astral Spear was aimed straight at Luo Zheng!
"Hey, Junior Brother Mo's strength has improved again. Look, his Astral Spear has grown two inches!"
"Junior Brother Mo has not been in the inner sect for long, but his perception is really good. The speed of his strength improvement is making me feel scared!"
"Xiao Yufeng's boy is going to be miserable. Mo Yu doesn't seem to be holding back. These twelve spears are all aimed at that boy's vital points."
The disciples of Egret Peak brought by Mo Yu were whispering to each other.
Everyone was a warrior and also came from the inner sect of Egret Peak, so they understood each other very well.
Mo Can, Zhou Xian, and Zhang Wuxian had already retreated to the side. They were not worried about Luo Zheng at all.
After getting along with Luo Zheng for so long, Luo Zheng had given them a series of experiences of the weak defeating the strong. The idea of strength based on cultivation realm was simply not applicable to Luo Zheng.
As for how strong Luo Zheng was, and what kind of powerhouses he could deal with, they had no idea. However, they only needed to understand one truth, and that was to never underestimate Luo Zheng. Anyone who underestimated Luo Zheng would eventually suffer.
Luo Zheng stood in the same place, looking at Mo Yu's spear with a faint smile on his face.
Mo Yu's spear was indeed fast. In the Xiantian first stage, there were very few people who could reach the speed of Mo Yu's spear.
However, speed was relative.
In the eyes of others, Mo Yu's spear was fast, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, Mo Yu's speed was not worth mentioning!
Twelve spear thrusts were launched in an instant, and each of these twelve spear thrusts were aimed at Luo Zheng's vital points. If someone was not strong enough, it would be very difficult to dodge, because in their eyes, these twelve spear thrusts were launched almost at the same time.
However, Luo Zheng understood that no matter how fast he was, there would always be a sequence to every shot.
However, the speed of the spear strikes would create gaps, which were large enough for Luo Zheng to dodge.
Therefore, when the 12 spears stabbed towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became blurry.
"He was stabbed? Die! " Mo Yu's face revealed a ferocious expression. Apart from the ferocious expression, there was also a trace of excitement. Hehe, so what if Zhu Qianning likes you? Wasn't he still stabbed into a sieve by me?
But soon, Mo Yu was stunned.
He realized that all twelve of his spear strikes had hit nothing!
Every time the spear pierced out, the person it touched was only an afterimage.
The first was an afterimage, the second was an afterimage. Every spear strike was an afterimage?
How was this possible? How could he have such a terrifying speed?
Mo Yu's spear was light, and coupled with his Heaven Tier Spear Art, it was understandable that he could achieve such a terrifying speed.
However, how did Luo Zheng achieve such a high speed? How could he keep his body moving at such a high speed while dodging?
At this moment, Mo Yu's face was blank, as if he had seen a ghost. His face was full of disbelief.
Mo Xiuyan, who was watching the battle from behind, also had a shocked expression in his eyes.
As the saying goes, the expert sees the skill, while the layman sees the excitement. Compared to other people, he could clearly see how extraordinary Luo Zheng's movement technique was!
Purely from the perspective of movement technique, Luo Zheng's movement technique was not outstanding. This was because Luo Zheng did not practice any other movement technique other than 《Demonic God Fist》. Therefore, his movement technique did not contain any special techniques.
It was precisely because of this that Luo Zheng was able to dodge Mo Yu's spear, which was even more commendable!
This kid only maintained a high speed to dodge Mo Yu's spear. This speed …
Even a powerhouse who had just stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm would find it difficult to do so.
Was this kid really at the Xiantian Realm first stage?
Or was he deliberately concealing his cultivation, and was actually a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse?
Impossible! Mo Xiuyan immediately rejected the idea in his heart.
When a martial artist entered the Xiantian Realm, he could retract the vital essence in his body into his dantian and conceal his aura, making it impossible for others to see his cultivation and realm.
However, a person with a lower realm would not be able to disguise himself in front of someone with a higher realm.
Mo Xiuyan did not believe that this kid was stronger than himself!
Zhu Qianning watched with interest as Luo Zheng moved among Mo Yu's spear aura, a slight smile on her face.
Ever since the Demon Slaying Trial and her return to Jade Maiden Peak, she had not stopped talking. She kept saying "How is Luo Zheng?" "How is Luo Zheng?" She said it three times as calmly as water. Some of her sisters were already on the verge of breaking down. Towards the end, these sisters joked, probably to provoke Zhu Qianning.
"Is that so? Is Luo Zheng as powerful as you said?"
"If he's so strong, why isn't he on the Master List?"
Her sisters often said such strange things. Although they were joking, Zhu Qianning remembered them in her heart.
Today, she would let her sisters see whether Luo Zheng had the strength or not!
Mo Yun, who was standing beside Zhu Qianning, had a nervous expression on her face.
Mo Yun's strength was not high. She was only at Xiantian stage one. With her strength and cultivation, she could not see through her brother's spear techniques, nor could she see through Luo Zheng's movement techniques. However, in her opinion, the difficulty of dodging Mo Yu's spear techniques was definitely higher than dodging Mo Yu's spear attacks!
She saw her brother's deathly pale face and Luo Zheng's carefree appearance. It was as if he did not put Mo Yu in his eyes at all. He was like a cat playing with a mouse. He was only playing with her brother!
It seemed that it was really as Zhu Qianning had said ….
Her brother, Mo Yu, simply did not have the qualifications to fight with Luo Zheng.
Looking at Luo Zheng's appearance, he was simply too lazy to fight back. If he really did fight back, would her brother be able to dodge his move?
She did not like this kind of inference because the result was very cruel.
At this time, the other sisters also did not forget to chatter.
"Wow, this Luo Zheng's speed is really fast. Look at his dodging movements. So cool!"
"Xiantian stage one can have such speed. He is really a one in a million genius. What a pity, what a pity …." Behind Zhu Qianning, the sister named Hua Rong sighed.
"Yes, he came back and didn't even look at our sister Qianning. Could it be that his heart belongs to someone else?" Another sister named Xiao Yu said with a playful tone.
"You two, if you continue to talk nonsense, be careful that I will tear your mouths apart!" Zhu Qianning pretended to be angry and raised her fist to hit her sister. It was clear that she was not worried about Luo Zheng at all. At this time, she was still in the mood to play with her sister.
"Impossible, you can't have this speed!" Mo Yu could not accept this result. He tightly grasped his long spear with both hands and took deep breaths. His expression was unusually agitated.
Luo Zheng indifferently looked at Mo Yu and shook his head: "The most important thing for a warrior is to have a calm heart. Especially for a fast attack like yours, you need to be calm while moving. Only by calming yourself down can you be faster ….. but, your heart is already in a mess."
"I don't want to listen to your nonsense!" Mo Yu raised his long spear and once again stabbed towards Luo Zheng. This time, his spear technique was unusually frantic.
When Mo Yu's heart was in a mess, his speed was greatly reduced.
When Mo Yu was calm, he could stab twelve times in a blink of an eye. But now, under the crazy roar, he could only stab eight times in a blink of an eye ….
With this kind of speed, it was even more impossible to hurt Luo Zheng.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Xiuyan's heart was slightly shaken. Luo Zheng's words were indeed a principle that warriors needed to believe in, and it was also the most important point.
No matter what kind of situation one faced, even if it was a sure-death situation, one had to maintain a calm heart and calm oneself down.
Many times, when faced with an unsolvable situation, rage and anger were useless. These negative emotions would only make one die faster.
Completely calm oneself down and use keen insight to find a way out. This was the mentality that a warrior should have, and it was also the best mentality!
Mo Xiuyan only understood this principle after he was over forty years old.
But this kid in front of him, who was only in his teens, had actually understood this principle. This kid was really monstrous!
On the other hand, his own son, Mo Yu, was completely dominated by anger. At this moment, the spear in Mo Yu's hand was longer, thicker, and more powerful. It looked like it had more killing power.
But in reality, his speed had decreased instead of increasing. The tip of the spear had already lost its accuracy, and was randomly stabbing ….
Mo Yu was simply not a match for this kid. The strength of the two was simply not on the same level ….
Luo Zheng still used his extremely high speed, and shuttled back and forth between the spears.
After Mo Yu stabbed out forty-five times, he finally realized that no matter what he did, he would not be able to hit Luo Zheng. Thus, he roared loudly, and waved his spear, sweeping it towards Luo Zheng.
"Let's see how you dodge!" Mo Yu roared.
Luo Zheng did not dodge. Instead, he gently stretched out his hand, and grabbed Mo Yu's spear shaft.
Mo Yu wanted to pull the spear shaft out of Luo Zheng's hand, but when he pulled, he felt as if the spear was embedded in Luo Zheng's hand, and did not move at all.
This showed that his strength was far inferior to Luo Zheng's!
What the hell was this guy ….
Mo Yu's eyes revealed a panic-stricken expression. Not only was this kid's speed much faster than his, but his strength was also so terrifying. How could a Xiantian stage one have such strength? Was there any reason in this world?
In Mo Yu's view of the world, didn't warriors pay attention to step-by-step progress?
Although he understood that one's realm did not represent everything, but in many cases, one's realm was a reference standard. Otherwise, there would not be such a division of realms in this world.
But in front of Luo Zheng, this division of strength was completely ineffective!
Luo Zheng grabbed the spear shaft. His hand suddenly shook slightly, and then there was a burst of violent vibration.
This kind of vibration technique was learned from those fishmen in the Fantasy Fish Pond. When Luo Zheng's hand began to vibrate, the light spear shaft also began to vibrate.
Mo Yu suddenly felt a burst of numbness in his hands. He simply could not hold his spear.
＝＝＝＝＝