Immediately, Luo Zheng used all his strength to pull out the long spear and brandished the spear towards Mo Yu's head.
At this time, Mo Yu was completely dumbfounded and stood in the same place like a fool. He did not know how to resist. Luo Zheng had completely destroyed all his pride and confidence in himself.
Just when the spear was about to hit Mo Yu's head, a blue Yuan Qi formed a shield and blocked in front of Mo Yu.
The spear shaft heavily struck the blue shield, emitting a 'dong' sound.
The shield was so solid that it did not have the slightest reaction after being hit by the spear. Moreover, the huge rebound force even bent the spear and hit Luo Zheng instead.
Luo Zheng turned around and avoided the rebound force of the spear. At the same time, he used the rebound force to once again hit the shield with the spear.
"Dong, dong, dong … …"
Luo Zheng hit the blue shield seven or eight times in a row but was unable to break it. Then, Luo Zheng smiled and threw the long spear on the ground. His eyes indifferently looked behind Mo Yu.
The person who blocked Luo Zheng's attack was the head of Mo family, Mo Xiuyan.
"Boy, you have already defeated my son. What else do you want?" Mo Xiuyan said in a cold voice.
In all fairness, Mo Xiuyan admired such a junior. He was already at the Xiantian first stage and had such strength. In the future, when this boy grew up, wouldn't he be unstoppable?
But there was no other way. This boy was standing on Mo Can's side and he was on the opposite side. Therefore, Mo Xiuyan did not cherish this talent.
"What do you think? Just now, he wanted to take my life. Don't tell me I can't teach him a lesson? You are his father. Seeing your own son being so vicious, you don't care and instead ask me what I think? Isn't this the biggest joke in the world? "Luo Zheng said with a smile on his face, but his words did not yield.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Xiuyan felt his face burning.
Today, the people who came to the Mo family's gathering were not important figures, but most of them were businessmen who relied on the Mo family to make a living. Although many of them were not warriors, but they were definitely influential figures.
He was a dignified Divine level powerhouse. How could he get out of this situation after being scolded by a boy?
"You are an outsider and you dare to cause trouble in our Mo family. What is my son's fault?" As an elder, Mo Xiuyan still wanted to be reasonable even though he really wanted to kill Luo Zheng right now.
"Fault? Cause trouble? The people of the Mo family are indeed comical. I accompanied my good friend, Mo Can, to a gathering. How is that fooling around? From the beginning, your son's to cause to cause to cause trouble... . "Luo Zheng's words were sharp." You coveted a junior's family heirloom and refused to return it. As the head of the family, is this not causing trouble? "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Can was the happiest!
In front of so many people, Mo Can was almost about to cry!
What was backbone? Luo Zheng was a man of integrity! Even in the face of a Divine level powerhouse, he would not yield in the slightest!
Poor Mo Can. He had endured at home for so many years, but in the end, he still needed Luo Zheng to stand up for him.
Thinking of this, Mo Can suddenly took two steps forward and shouted, "Third Uncle! A few years ago, you told me that my father died under a barrage of arrows. You told me that you were not present when he died. But after the blood jade bracelet disappeared, it now mysteriously appeared in your hands! What are you hiding? Could it be that my father was killed by you? "
The moment he saw the blood jade bracelet, Mo Can couldn't stop himself from thinking this.
Mo Can had never doubted the cause of his father's death.
However, his third uncle had solemnly vowed that he was not present when his father died. Since he was not present, how could he have taken his father's blood jade bracelet?
Why would he lie?
If he hadn't killed his father, he wouldn't have needed to tell such a lie!
Mo Xiuyan was a man who had lived for decades. A cold smile appeared on his face. "Can 'er, you can go to his grave and ask your father how he died. As your third uncle, I'm afraid I can't answer your question!"
"Okay, since you can't answer my question, I'll ask you again. Why is the blood jade bracelet in your hands?" Mo Can asked again.
Mo Xiuyan couldn't avoid the question of the blood jade bracelet.
However, Mo Xiuyan didn't intend to answer this question. Instead, he stared coldly at Mo Can. "You don't know what's good for you. I, Mo Xiuyan, have treated you well. Is this the tone you use to speak to your third uncle?"
"Treated me well?" Mo Can's face was filled with a bitter smile. "Hahaha, Mo Xiuyan, you bully me for being weak, for being young and ignorant. But have you ever thought that I'm not a fool? As the legitimate son of the Mo family, when have I received even one percent of Mo Yu's treatment? Even if these servants are riding on my head, as the head of the family, if you treat me well, how could they dare to treat me like this? Do you think I don't know that this is all your doing? You just want to force me out of the Mo family … "
"You have no respect for your seniors. Today, I'll teach you a lesson on behalf of your dead father!" Mo Xiuyan didn't allow Mo Can to continue speaking. With a wave of his hand, blue elemental energy formed, transforming into a blue longsword.
The light blue longsword hadn't fully formed, but the tip of the sword was already pointed at Mo Can.
How was this teaching Mo Can a lesson?! It was clearly taking Mo Can's life!
Today's gathering was basically all of the Mo family members.
However, at this moment, not a single Mo family member came out to say anything, or stop him.
Seeing the cold gazes of the surrounding Mo family members, Mo Can's heart turned cold. To him, Mo Can, this family no longer had the slightest bit of attachment.
"Hehe, I don't need this kind of elder. You don't have the right to teach Mo Can a lesson!" Just as the blue longsword was thrusting towards Mo Can, Luo Zheng punched out. The purplish black shadow of his fist collided with the blue longsword.
At the moment of impact, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and the power of the stars within his Heavenly Demon Vital Energy exploded.
"Boom!"
When the starlight exploded, it emitted a destructive force that instantly swallowed Mo Xiuyan's blue longsword.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had blocked his attack, Mo Xiuyan's face completely darkened.
The reason why Mo Xiuyan didn't touch Luo Zheng all this time was because he had some reservations in his heart.
To have such strength at such a young age, could it be that he was the disciple of some almighty being?
Mo Xiuyan had to be careful when dealing with such a person.
Therefore, even though Mo Yu had lost to him, Mo Xiuyan didn't make things too difficult for him. Defeat wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Being able to teach his son that there was always someone better than him might be a kind of motivation for him.
But this kid actually didn't know when to back down! He wanted to teach Mo Can a lesson, but this kid still dared to stop him!
"Hmph, do you really think that there's no price to pay for fighting in my Mok Province?"
As soon as Mo Xiuyan's voice fell, his blue Vital Energy shot up into the sky like wisps of flames. The Vital Energy was burning wildly!
How terrifying was the aura of a Divine Reflection Realm expert?
The people standing not far from Mo Xiuyan were forced back by the aura.
The blue Vital Energy floated in the air. As it burned, it started to transform into all kinds of weapons.
Knives, swords, staffs, spears …
In the face of a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Luo Zheng's expression turned serious.
"This person's Vital Energy can transform into so many different things. It looks like his visualization is rather heterogeneous." The Sky Demon Vital Energy in Luo Zheng's arm also started to merge with the Phoenix Soaring Crystal.
Mo Xiuyan's strength was even greater than Xu Xiu's …
Although he understood that standing up for Mo Can would mean a direct confrontation with Mo Xiuyan, he hadn't expected it to be so soon!
But at this moment, he couldn't back down.
Luo Zheng was beyond angry at all the things that had happened to Mo Can. Today, no matter what, he had to demand an explanation from the Mo Family.
Luo Zheng raised his fists, strands of dark purple Sky Demon Vital Energy condensing in his fists. Against a Divine Reflection Realm expert, Luo Zheng couldn't afford the slightest bit of carelessness. He had to go all out.
Zhang Wuxian's brows were also furrowed. With Luo Zheng's strength, it would be a bit of a stretch to face off against a Divine Reflection Realm expert. Thinking of this, Zhang Wuxian spread out his hands and lightly swiped his finger across a medallion on his chest. An invisible wave of energy rippled out.
Zhang Wuxian didn't know that someone else was doing the exact same thing as him. This person was naturally Zhu Qianning.
"This guy really knows how to stir up trouble … he came to eat a meal, and now he's fighting with the head of the Mo Family …" Zhu Qianning pursed her lips. But beauty was in the eye of the beholder. Even so, Zhu Qianning was still quite pleased with herself.
How many Xiantian lifeforms in this world dared challenge a Divine Reflection Realm expert?
At least to this day, Zhu Qianning had only seen Luo Zheng.
And Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian first stage.
If he continued to cultivate in the future and ascended to peak Xiantian great circle, even Divine Reflection Realm experts wouldn't be Luo Zheng's match.
Although Luo Zheng's actions were very cool in Zhu Qianning's heart, she still worried for Luo Zheng.
Mo Xiuyan wasn't weak. He was definitely stronger than Xu Xiu.
Just to be on the safe side, she unscrewed the Thousand Mile Button in her hand.
Although the Burning Sky Imperial City was large, it would only take an instant for a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse to rush over.
By now, Mo Xiuyan had already launched an attack on Luo Zheng.
Mo Xiuyan's cultivation method was very special. Ordinary martial artists transformed their vital energy into an object.
Some people liked to use swords, so their vital energy was very likely to transform into a sword. Of course, even more swordsmen chose to transform their vital energy into sword radiance to increase the power of their swords.
Xu Xiu, for example, transformed his vital energy into a dragon. Under normal circumstances, he'd send out a five-clawed golden dragon.
However, Mo Xiuyan was able to conjure many different weapons.
From large meteor hammers and large axes to small hidden weapons and darts, they were all different shapes and sizes.