Clang!
Facing a blue meteor hammer that was spiraling toward him, Luo Zheng smashed it into pieces with a single punch.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
As soon as Luo Zheng dealt with the meteor hammer, several more sharp arrows shot toward him. Luo Zheng was like a butterfly, shuttling between the arrows.
Whoosh whoosh!
After dodging the arrows, a giant sword slashed down at Luo Zheng's head. While dodging, Luo Zheng slapped the giant sword with his palm. Using the destructive power of the stars, he broke the giant sword into two pieces, which turned into bits of true essence and slowly dissipated.
"There are too many weapons …"
A Divine Reflection expert was much stronger than a Xiantian lifeform.
Logically speaking, Mo Xiuyan's attacks should be less powerful because there were too many types of true essence transformations.
With Luo Zheng's defense and speed, he felt that he might be able to put up a fight.
But Luo Zheng's judgment was wrong.
After all, a Divine Reflection expert was a level higher than him. Mo Xiuyan's weapons were like a river, flowing endlessly.
And each weapon was different. Luo Zheng found it even harder to find a pattern.
He could only run for his life.
"Humph, you overconfident junior. Today, I'll let you know the price of arrogance!" Mo Xiuyan was also holding back his anger. This Luo Zheng really didn't take him seriously. Then he'd let him know the difference between a Xiantian lifeform and a Divine Reflection expert.
After Mo Xiuyan finished speaking, the blue light that burst out of his body became even more intense. In mid-air, the number of weapons formed by Quintessential Essence instantly doubled. As soon as these weapons appeared, they rushed towards Luo Zheng from different directions.
Luo Zheng was going all out.
If he encountered a weapon he could break, he would meet it head-on. If he encountered a weapon that was too fast, he would use his speed advantage to dodge.
Mo Xiuyan was truly angry. That was why he'd attacked Luo Zheng.
In fact, it was humiliating enough for a Divine Reflection expert to suppress a junior.
He was different from Xu Xiu.
Xu Xiu was a soldier. In Baidi City, he didn't have any misgivings. In the military, there was no concept of bullying the weak!
But Mo Xiuyan was different. The Mo family was a landowning household in the capital, and he was the head of the family. If he really went all out to deal with a Xiantian stage one junior, it wouldn't be justifiable.
But this kid's strength was definitely not as simple as it seemed on the surface.
He constantly summoned all kinds of weapons to suppress this kid, but they weren't much of a threat. Occasionally, one or two weapons could injure him, but they didn't cause any real damage ….
This made Mo Xiuyan very hesitant. Should he use more severe methods?
While Mo Xiuyan was hesitating, Luo Zheng had already thought of a solution.
Although there were many weapons, Luo, Luo
Because there were too many of these weapons, the power of each weapon was far inferior to Xu Xiu's Five-clawed Golden Dragon.
It was just that there were too many of them for Luo Zheng to deal with.
Facing the whirling weapons, Luo Zheng's fists suddenly started to vibrate.
Vibrating his fists with a very small amplitude was equivalent to causing multiple injuries to the objects his fists collided with in a short time.
The effect of Luo Zheng's move was immediate.
Any weapon that rushed towards Luo Zheng, as long as it came into contact with his fist, would be shattered by his fist.
"Peng! Peng! Peng! "
Every time Luo Zheng punched out, a weapon would be shattered.
Although Mo Xiuyan summoned many weapons, Luo Zheng's punches weren't slow either. The situation was in a deadlock.
Seeing Luo Zheng shuttling freely through his weapon array and shattering the weapons formed by his vital essence, Mo Xiuyan's eyes grew colder and colder.
"Does this kid really think he has what it takes to fight me?" A cold smile appeared on Mo Xiuyan's face. With a wave of his hand, the weapons floated motionlessly in the air, no longer attacking Luo Zheng. Then he waved his hand gently.
Like obedient pets, the weapons returned to Mo Xiuyan's side.
Luo Zheng looked calmly at Mo Xiuyan. He knew that Mo Xiuyan would change his moves if he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng.
A Divine Reflection Realm expert definitely had more tricks up his sleeve!
Then Mo Xiuyan suddenly waved his arm, drawing a circle.
As he waved his arm, the weapons began to rotate along with his hand.
All kinds of weapons obeyed Mo Xiuyan's command. They spun faster and faster, forming a huge vortex. At the same time, the weapons began to explode, turning into streaks of azure vital essence that converged in Mo Xiuyan's hand. That bit of vital essence gradually condensed into an azure sword hilt. As the vital essence continued to converge, the blade of the sword slowly grew out of the hilt …
"Vital essence sword? That's it? " Luo Zheng looked suspiciously at Mo Xiuyan's every move. If Mo Xiuyan was simply transforming his vital essence into a sword, then his strength was too weak.
"No, it's not as simple as transforming his vital essence into a sword!" Suddenly, Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched. A feeling of extreme danger rose in Luo Zheng's heart. Luo Zheng's instincts were very fast. If he felt danger, then it was real danger!
"It's indeed not as simple as transforming his vital essence into a sword! When those weapons collapsed, there was not only vital essence, but also a milky white substance. That is … Heaven's Derivation Essence! "Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched when he saw the Heaven's Derivation Essence in the vortex.
Heaven's Derivation Essence was obtained when a weapon refiner saw a trace of the Heaven's Derivation Dao and obtained a tiny bit of the laws of heaven and earth. These laws of heaven and earth would then be forged into the weapon.
The higher the grade of the weapon, the more Heaven's Derivation Dao it contained.
Currently, many weapon refiners in the Fengwang Dynasty had mastered their own techniques. They could see through the Heaven's Derivation Dao and forge mystic weapons, spirit weapons …
However, only Luo Zheng could break down weapons and extract the Heaven's Derivation Essence from them.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng had relied on the black fire in his mind to smelt the weapons and obtain the Heaven's Derivation Essence.
Why was Mo Xiuyan able to create Heaven's Derivation Essence so casually?
Those weapons were not real, but condensed from his vital essence. However, Mo Xiuyan could easily obtain the Heaven's Derivation Essence after breaking down those weapons?
No, that was impossible.
If Mo Xiuyan could really do such a miraculous thing, the Mo Family would not have declined to such a state!
It seemed that the Heaven's Derivation Essence was not the real deal. In fact, it was also formed from his vital essence. It was not on the same level as the Heaven's Derivation Essence in Luo Zheng's hands.
Even so, Luo Zheng could not help but sigh when he saw Mo Xiuyan's technique. Those who could reach the Divine Reflection Realm naturally had their own extraordinary abilities.
Weapons kept appearing in the vortex and breaking down. At the same time, they released vital essence and Heaven's Derivation Essence and condensed into the longsword in his hand.
During this process of condensing, the grade of the blue sword made of true essence was constantly rising!
Low-grade mystic weapon, middle-grade mystic weapon, superior-grade mystic weapon …
Low-grade spiritual weapon, middle-grade spiritual weapon, superior-grade spiritual weapon …
"Buzz …"
Suddenly, the longsword in Mo Xiuyan's hand emitted a dazzling blue light. Everyone who saw the blue light instinctively closed their eyes.
Luo Zheng used his hand to shield himself from the light. When he looked again, the longsword in Mo Xiuyan's hand had already been completely condensed.
Rings of light flowed on the surface of the light blue longsword. Just one look at the longsword made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate.
"Immortal weapon!"
Mo Xiuyan's technique was indeed powerful!
Although Mo Xiuyan's visualization items were very diverse, there were sabers, swords, hammers …
The weapons he summoned were not very powerful. There were many of them, but they were not refined. However, each weapon contained a trace of Heaven's Derivation Essence.
Then, he broke all the weapons and absorbed the vital essence within. He was actually able to cultivate an immortal weapon in his hand!
There was a certain difference between this immortal weapon and a real immortal weapon. A real immortal weapon could be used at any time. It could be used to defend against enemies and could also be passed on to others.
However, Mo Xiuyan's immortal weapon could only be used by himself. If he stopped supplying vital essence to it, the immortal weapon would slowly disappear.
This weapon could be called a "pseudo-immortal weapon" because its power was no different from a real immortal weapon!
In theory, as long as Mo Xiuyan had enough power and vital essence, he could even cultivate a legendary divine weapon!
Of course, this was only possible in theory.
Every time a weapon's grade increased, the amount of Heaven's Derivation Essence required would increase exponentially.
The vital essence longsword in Mo Xiuyan's hand was only a low-grade immortal weapon. He probably could not even cultivate a middle-grade immortal weapon. After all, there was a limit to one's power. Every weapon that Mo Xiuyan summoned could only produce a small amount of Heaven's Derivation Essence. The vital essence in his body was not enough to support him to cultivate a divine weapon.
Not to mention a divine weapon, he probably could not even cultivate a middle-grade immortal weapon!
Even if it was just an immortal weapon, its power was already very shocking.
"Kid, you brought this on yourself. Now that you've forced me to use this method, I won't be able to resolve this matter peacefully. Every time my 'Sword of Ruin' appears, it must drink blood. Today, I'll feed your blood to my sword!"
Mo Xiuyan shook the longsword, then raised it above his head and slashed at Luo Zheng.
As the Sword of Ruins slashed down, the tip of the sword condensed a crescent-shaped Sword Qi in the air.
"Whoosh …"
As soon as the Sword Qi appeared, it slashed at Luo Zheng with terrifying power.
"Danger!" Zhu Qianning finally looked nervous. Seeing the Sword Qi, Zhu Qianning was also very anxious. She had used the Button of Thousand Miles, but no one had rushed over.
The power of an immortal weapon was far beyond that of a spiritual weapon. Although this Sword Qi slash looked ordinary, if Luo Zheng could not avoid it, it would probably cut Luo Zheng in two.
At this moment, Zhu Qianning's hand was pressed on a small jade box. She was hesitating whether she should help Luo Zheng block this attack.
Zhang Wuxian also frowned deeply. This Mo Xiuyan was too shameless. With the strength of a Xiantian lifeform, he still wanted to use such a ruthless move to deal with Luo Zheng in front of so many people.
This was equivalent to an adult using all his strength to fight a child!