From a moment ago, Luo Zheng didn't retreat a single step, regardless of whether he was facing Mo Yu or Mo Xiuyan.
He didn't retreat because he was confident in his own strength and believed in himself.
But when he saw the Sword Qi slashing towards him, Luo Zheng finally started to retreat.
Luo Zheng wasn't a fool. Although his Spirit Treasure Body made his defense much stronger than that of ordinary martial artists.
His opponent was a Divine Reflection Realm expert! And with an immortal weapon in hand, how terrifying would the Sword Qi slash released be?
The Sword Qi wasn't fast at first, about the same speed as an ordinary person jogging. But after locking onto Luo Zheng, the Sword Qi's speed suddenly increased dramatically!
The Sword Qi left a light blue afterimage in the air and slashed towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Although the Sword Qi was fast, Luo Zheng wasn't slow either.
As he retreated, he waved his fists fiercely at the Sword Qi.
Luo Zheng hoped to use the Demonic God Fist to offset the power of the Sword Qi.
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't hold back in the slightest! Every time he waved his fists, a purple-black shadow of a fist smashed towards the Sword Qi.
Borrowing the power of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal, Luo Zheng punched out more than ten shadows of fists in the blink of an eye!
When the first shadow of a fist collided with the crescent-shaped Sword Qi, it directly passed through it …
"It's useless?"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart sank.
This Sword Qi was slashed out by the low-grade immortal weapon. It was only a powerful Sword Qi and wasn't formed by True Essence, so Luo Zheng's Demonic God Fist couldn't do anything to it.
Seeing that the first shadow of a fist couldn't offset the power of the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast!
When the second shadow of a fist overlapped with the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng decisively detonated the Star Force in his True Essence.
"Bang!"
The moment the Star Force detonated, it emitted an intense light and released a large amount of destructive power at the same time.
However, after the light disappeared, the crescent-shaped Sword Qi still didn't weaken in the slightest. It continued to slash towards Luo Zheng.
"Still useless …"
None of his methods were effective against the Sword Qi. Luo Zheng's heart sank to the bottom.
A Divine Reflection Realm expert was too powerful.
Even though the Mo family was just a declining aristocratic family, as the head of the family, he still had such strange strength. This was something that Luo Zheng had not expected.
Before this, Luo Zheng had fought two Divine Reflection Realm experts and didn't suffer any losses. But this time, Luo Zheng deeply understood the terror of the Divine Reflection Realm!
Luo Zheng thought so in his mind, but he had forgotten about his own realm!
How could the difference between a Xiantian lifeform and a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator be so small? It could be said to be a world of difference!
Luo Zheng had been able to force Mo Xiuyan to use his trump card, the "Sword of Ruin's End". This was enough to make all the Xiantian lifeforms in the world blush with shame.
If Luo Zheng could really block Mo Xiuyan's sword, then all the Xiantian lifeforms in the world could collectively jump into a river and commit suicide. After all, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage …
Luo Zheng quickly retreated to the edge of the courtyard. Facing the high brick wall, Luo Zheng didn't even think about it. Relying on his tyrannical body, he directly slammed his back into the wall. The wall was like tofu, and Luo Zheng smashed a human-shaped hole in the wall.
The Sword Qi was like a shadow, closely following Luo Zheng into the hole in the wall. However, the Sword Qi was about nine feet long, far taller than Luo Zheng, so it only managed to cut a thin crack in the wall.
Everyone's eyes were fixed on the wall, each with a different expression.
Those who stood on the Mo clan's side naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would be killed by the Sword Qi. Moreover, they believed that Luo Zheng absolutely couldn't dodge this Sword Qi. How could a Xiantian lifeform avoid the full strength attack of a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse?
Luo Zheng's ability to withstand the attacks of Mo Xiuyan's numerous weapons was already very heaven-defying. However, it was too inconceivable that he could survive this Sword Qi.
Zhang Wuxian, Zhu Qianning, and the other Blue Cloud Sect disciples also had expressions of hidden worry. They naturally hoped that Luo Zheng could escape from death and avoid the Sword Qi, but they also believed that Luo Zheng couldn't avoid it!
"Boom, boom …"
Violent crashing sounds constantly came from one side of the wall. Obviously, Luo Zheng had smashed through many walls in order to avoid the Sword Qi.
At this time, Zhu Qianning couldn't bear it any longer. Her willowy eyebrows slightly furrowed. She tried her best to calm herself down, then said to Mo Xiuyan, "Patriarch Mo, Luo Zheng is only a junior. Some of his words were unpleasant to hear, but his crime doesn't warrant death. Please let him go!"
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was still holding the longsword, two fingers pointing at the tip. He was controlling the Sword Qi to chase after Luo Zheng. Just as the Sword Qi was about to cut Luo Zheng, because of Zhu Qianning's interference, Luo Zheng escaped.
However, Mo Xiuyan wasn't in a hurry. If this Sword Qi couldn't kill Luo Zheng, then all his years of cultivation would have been in vain!
Hearing Zhu Qianning's words, Mo Xiuyan smiled faintly, "Since he said something wrong, he has to pay the price. I'm just teaching him a lesson."
Mo Xiuyan wasn't willing to let Luo Zheng go. The so-called teaching him a lesson was understated. However, if Luo Zheng's body was cut by the Sword Qi, how could he still be alive?
"Teaching him a lesson? Patriarch Mo, don't say such perfunctory words. You can't kill Luo Zheng! He is my savior. If you really kill him, I'm afraid the Mo Clan won't be able to explain itself in front of the Family Zhu! "Zhu Qianning saw that her persuasion was ineffective, so her words became harsher.
In front of the colossus that was the Godly Needle Family Zhu, the small Mo Clan was simply not worth mentioning!
Mo Xiuyan's face darkened slightly. This Zhu Qianning actually dared to threaten him?
Compared to the colossus that was the Godly Needle Family Zhu, the Mo Clan was also a landowning household, but in reality, it was incomparably small.
In reality, Zhu Qianning's threat was effective. After all, Mo Xiuyan was aware of Zhu Qianning's position in the Mo Clan. If Zhu Qianning really shed all pretense of cordiality and used the Family Zhu's resources to suppress the Mo Clan, then the Mo Clan's days would be even more difficult.
This kind of suppression didn't require real swords and spears. The Mo Clan's foundation wasn't strong to begin with. Currently, the entire Mo Clan's income was completely dependent on the few mines south of the Imperial Capital. Given the Family Zhu's ability, it would be easy for him to cut off this economic lifeline. When that happened, the Mo Clan would be in imminent danger.
However, Mo Xiuyan's thoughts changed. Although the Mo Clan was only a declining landowning household, sometimes, a slight move in one part could affect the whole situation. Although the Family Zhu was powerful, it didn't mean that there weren't any hostile families. Therefore, the Family Zhu's actions had to be taken into consideration and might not necessarily listen to this little girl.
Moreover, he was the dignified head of the Mo Clan and a Divine Reflection State expert. How could he be threatened by a little girl?
Therefore, Mo Xiuyan only smiled and said, "Miss Family Zhu is joking. If I, Mo Xiuyan, have done something I shouldn't have done, I will naturally go to the Family Zhu and bring a bramble to ask for punishment."
Mo Xiuyan's words meant that he wasn't willing to back down. Zhu Qianning's expression was somewhat unsightly. Now, she could only hope that the Family Zhu's people would hurry over.
Zhu Qianning didn't say anything. At this moment, Zhang Wuxian stepped forward again.
Today, Zhang Wuxian had said that he would accompany Luo Zheng to cause trouble. However, he had been watching from the sidelines for a long time and had even implicated Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng was being chased around by Mo Xiuyan's sword Qi, he had to do something.
"Mr. Mo, could you please listen to me?" Zhang Wuxian cupped his hands and asked Mo Xiuyan.
Mo Xiuyan was already very impatient. Luo Zheng's speed had exceeded his expectations. At this moment, he was concentrating on controlling his sword Qi to kill Luo Zheng, but these juniors were disturbing him.
He had to give some face to Zhu Qianning, but what was wrong with this little fatty in front of him? Therefore, Mo Xiuyan coldly said, "What? Who are you? "
"I am the third son of the Zhang Clan. My name is Zhang Wuxian." Zhang Wuxian cupped his hands and said.
Many people in the capital had the surname Zhang. Clearly, this little fatty said that he was from the Zhang Clan and that he was the third son. This meant that he must be from the "Tianlu Zhang Clan", which was as rich as a country. Since he was the third son, then he was the third in the direct line of descent!
Zhang Wuxian's voice wasn't loud, but most people heard it clearly.
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan's sword Qi had already forced Luo Zheng into a dead end. Because of Zhang Wuxian's interruption, Luo Zheng was able to dodge the sword Qi and escape. It was really infuriating.
But he had to think about this problem.
The Zhang Clan? This little fatty was from the Zhang Clan?
Mo Xiuyan suddenly felt a headache coming on.
He didn't need to pay any attention to the Family Zhu for now, because the Mo Clan and the Family Zhu didn't have any direct relationship. For example, if the Family Zhu wanted to cut off the Mo Clan's mines, it might seem simple, but it would definitely take a lot of effort. There was also the possibility that other landowning households would interfere!
But the Zhang Clan …
Although the Zhang Clan wasn't a landowning household, they controlled the economic lifeline of the entire empire.
More importantly, almost all of his family's mines were bought and sold through the Zhang Clan, using the Zhang Clan's account to settle the transactions …
Although the Fire Crystals produced in the mines could be sold to other people, and not necessarily to the Zhang Clan, the Zhang Clan's influence was everywhere. Offending the Family Zhu might bring a lot of trouble to the Mo Clan, but it didn't mean that there was no way to solve it.
But offending the Zhang Clan would make it difficult for a landowning household like the Mo Clan to do anything.
What was going on? Why were the friends that Mo Can brought back each more difficult to deal with than the last? Mo Xiuyan had this strange feeling in his heart!
At this time, Mo Xiuyan wasn't the only one who had this feeling. Mo Yu, who was huddled up next to him, also had the same feeling!
"This Mo Can is simply a jinx, a scourge! He brought Luo Zheng to kill me, and now a Zhang Clan member popped out to make things difficult for my father! Mo Can, I'll kill you sooner or later … "Moyu glared at Mo Can. Her eyes were so bloodshot that they looked like they were about to bleed.
As for the friends that Mo Yu had brought back, they all stood silently to the side.
A few of Moyu's close friends were also members of landowning households. Although the landowning households they belonged to were much stronger than the Mo Family, they couldn't compare to the Zhu Family or the Zhang Family, which wasn't a landowning household. In this situation, they had no right to speak.
Thinking about how they had looked down on Mo Can's table, they now understood that although Mo Can looked easy to bully, he was actually a master who pretended to be a pig to eat a tiger. No, Mo Can and his friends were all masters who pretended to be pigs to eat tigers!
Some of them were even secretly sizing up Zhou Xian, thinking that this guy shouldn't jump out. Besides, wasn't he also a member of one of the seven major landowning households?
As for Zhou Xian's identity, it suddenly became a mystery.
But this time, they guessed wrong. Zhou Xian was indeed a commoner without any background to speak of …
＝＝＝＝＝