"So it's the Third Young Master of the Zhang Family. Excuse me, excuse me!" Mo Xiuyan muttered to himself. His heart was beating like a drum. In order to deal with Luo Zheng, would he offend too many people?
If he really killed Luo Zheng, not only would he offend the Family Zhu, but he would also offend the Zhang Family.
"Family Head Mo, as the saying goes, take a step back and you'll have a better view of the world. Sometimes, you need to weigh the cost!" Although Zhang Wuxian's strength was lacking, he had a thorough understanding of people's hearts.
Perhaps Mo Xiuyan really wanted to kill Luo Zheng. He wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
However, when a family head did something, he had to consider many issues. There was more than one matter that involved him. If he acted on impulse now, he could indeed save the Mo Family's face. However, how would the Mo Family survive in the future?
Zhang Wuxian could already see that Zhu Qianning was definitely in love with Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng was her savior. If something really happened to Luo Zheng here, how would the Mo Family explain themselves?
Moreover, Zhang Wuxian himself wouldn't sit idly by and do nothing!
The Zhang Family didn't have high requirements for their own children's strength. Zhang Wuxian was the son of the first wife, and his older brother was the future leader of the Zhang Family.
Perhaps Zhang Wuxian would have some difficulty convincing the Zhang Family to cut off the Mo Family's lifeline. However, what about the future?
As long as Zhang Wuxian persisted and wanted to cut off the Mo Family's lifeline, it wouldn't be difficult for either the Zhang Family or Zhang Wuxian himself. After all, the Mo Family's influence was extremely small. Even if one of the seven noble families wanted to interfere, it wouldn't put too much pressure on the Zhang Family.
Mo Xiuyan's expression clearly showed hesitation.
However, at this moment, the wall behind Mo Xiuyan suddenly collapsed. Immediately after, a dot of light shot out from the collapsed wall.
"Xiu!"
That dot of light was Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife.
This time, Luo Zheng was forced into a desperate situation by Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi.
Previously, Luo Zheng had relied on the Sky Demon Vital Essence to resist Xu Xiu. In the pavilion of the Immortal Mansion, he had taken advantage of the conflict between the Divine Reflection Realm experts to devour a large amount of vital essence. Furthermore, he had killed Wanderer Wuyue when he was seriously injured.
But today, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence had lost its effect. No matter what he did, he was unable to resist Mo Xiuyan's sword qi.
In order to get rid of the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng dashed around the Mok Province at an extremely fast speed. Who knew how many houses he destroyed, and how many doors and walls he knocked down.
However, that Sword Qi was like a maggot in a tarsal bone, biting him from behind. Luo Zheng tried his best to get rid of that Sword Qi but failed. Not only that, Luo Zheng was forced into a corner by the Sword Qi several times and was almost killed by it...
Fortunately, Luo Zheng managed to escape by the skin of his teeth each time.
However, if he kept running like this, it was only a matter of time before Luo Zheng was hit by the Sword Qi.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was frantically trying to think of a way to get rid of the Sword Qi as he fled like crazy.
After thinking it over and over again, he couldn't break this Sword Qi. However, he could find trouble with Mo Xiuyan. After all, this Sword Qi was controlled by Mo Xiuyan.
Therefore, Luo Zheng circled around the Mok Province and rushed towards the Guest Hall.
As Luo Zheng smashed the wall with his body, he pressed his ring lightly and the broken throwing knife in his hand shot towards Mo Xiuyan.
There weren't many opportunities left for Luo Zheng. If he had a choice, he wouldn't have attacked Mo Xiuyan directly. This was a choice he had no choice but to make.
Zhang Wuxian heard the rumbling sound of the wall collapsing and saw a silver flash of light fly towards Mo Xiuyan. His expression immediately changed.
The pressure he had exerted on Mo Xiuyan was already having an effect. According to Zhang Wuxian's judgment, Mo Xiuyan might choose to let Luo Zheng go in the end.
However, Zhang Wuxian had never expected that Luo Zheng would be able to circle around and attack Mo Xiuyan while being chased by the Sword Qi.
This was troublesome …
Mo Xiuyan was indeed very hesitant.
So what if he killed Luo Zheng? How much could Mo Xiuyan benefit from this? At most, he would be able to save some face for the Mo Family and Mo Xiuyan.
The Mo Family had already declined to this extent. This face might still be worth something in the eyes of ordinary people, but in the eyes of landowning households, the Mo Family's face wasn't worth mentioning at all!
What was even more troublesome was offending the Family Zhu and the Zhang Family …
If he had known this would happen, he would have taken a step back. Since Mo Can had said that the blood jade bracelet was his father's, he could have just returned it to him. Why did he have to force Mo Can to this point of hysteria?
If he hadn't forced Mo Can, Luo Zheng might not have chosen to attack the Mo Family because of this.
A trace of regret rose in Mo Xiuyan's heart. It was regret towards Mo Can.
This was probably the first time in his life that Mo Xiuyan felt regret towards his nephew Mo Can. Moreover, it was under pressure from so many people!
Just as Mo Xiuyan was hesitating, Luo Zheng attacked him.
"Throwing knives? Not worth mentioning … "Mo Xiuyan watched calmly as the broken throwing knife spiraled towards him. He simply raised the blue sword in his hand and slashed at the broken throwing knife.
Although the blue sword in Mo Xiuyan's hand was formed from his Quintessential Essence, it was comparable to an immortal weapon because it had swallowed a large amount of Sky Derivation Essence.
Furthermore, Mo Xiuyan's slash contained the profound meaning of the "Sword of Ruins".
This slash displayed Mo Xiuyan's unique and experienced swordsmanship. The blue sword struck the body of the flying knife squarely.
Mo Xiuyan had originally thought that his blue sword would be able to cut the flying knife in front of him in two!
However, when the blue sword came into contact with the flying knife, it was instantly cut in half by the broken throwing knife!
"How is this possible? My Quintessential Essence sword is comparable to an immortal weapon. Why can't it even defeat a flying knife? " The power of the broken throwing knife exceeded Mo Xiuyan's imagination. He stared blankly as his Quintessential Essence sword was cut in half. For a moment, he was stunned.
The Quintessential Essence sword's hardness was comparable to a low-grade immortal weapon. How could it be cut in half by a broken throwing knife of poor quality?
The broken throwing knife's flying speed was extremely fast. After cutting Mo Xiuyan's Quintessential Essence sword in half, it shot towards Mo Xiuyan's head.
If it was under normal circumstances, Mo Xiuyan would have easily dodged the broken throwing knife. However, at this moment, because he was shocked by the power of the broken throwing knife, he was distracted for a moment. The broken throwing knife flew straight towards Mo Xiuyan's face.
By the time Mo Xiuyan regained his senses, the broken throwing knife was already very close to his face.
A chill ran down his spine. Only now did he realize that he might have to pay the price of his life. Moreover, the person who took his life was a Xiantian stage one brat!
At this critical moment, Mo Xiuyan almost relied on his life instinct to suddenly tilt his head. His head abruptly moved a foot away.
"Xiu …"
The flying knife flew past Mo Xiuyan's face, while the blade left a thin wound on Mo Xiuyan's face. A drop of blood flowed out from the wound.
Even the battle-hardened Mo Xiuyan felt a chill run down his spine at this moment.
Mo Xiuyan originally thought that even if Luo Zheng's strength was amazing, even if he relied on the strength of a Xiantian stage one to defeat his son, even if his future was limitless, but he was still a Xiantian stage one!
For Mo Xiuyan, Luo Zheng was still an ant, but a slightly stronger ant. With his Divine Reflection stage strength, he could do whatever he wanted with him. Although Luo Zheng was safe and sound inside the weapon array he had summoned, and could even resist a little, but that did not mean that Luo Zheng could bring any harm to him.
He had never thought that Luo Zheng would not bring any harm to him, but instead directly take his life!
If Mo Xiuyan had not relied on his instincts to dodge the flying knife, then with the sharpness of that knife, he would have already been lying on the ground and turned into a corpse.
When people were threatened with death, they would often be afraid at first, but after avoiding the threat of death, those feelings of fear would turn into anger, extreme anger!
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was like this.
Originally, he had wanted to understand the weight of Zhang Wuxian's words, and whether or not it was a small punishment for Luo Zheng, and stop while he was ahead.
But at this moment, anger had taken over his mind. At this moment, Mo Xiuyan did not think about anything else. The only thing on his mind was to kill him, to kill Luo Zheng!
Mo Can, Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, Zhu Qianning and the others were also dumbfounded by this scene.
Zhang Wuxian's threat had already taken effect, and Mo Xiuyan had probably changed his mind. But how could they have imagined that Luo Zheng, while being chased by the Sword Qi, could still find an opportunity to counterattack Mo Xiuyan!
That was a Divine Reflection stage powerhouse!
"Heh, as expected of Luo Zheng …" Zhou Xian smiled bitterly.
Zhang Wuxian sighed. "Sigh, we were just a little bit short of killing Mo Xiuyan. Now Luo Zheng is in trouble. It seems that we can only wait for the elders of the family to come and deal with him. Mo Xiuyan's counterattack will definitely be terrifying. I don't know if Luo Zheng can hold on until then …"
Zhu Qianning, slim and graceful, stood where she was, biting her lip. At this moment, she turned on the Button of Thousand Miles again. Why hadn't the Family Zhu arrived yet? She was also extremely anxious in her heart!
Mo Yun, who was standing beside Zhu Qianning, was also deathly pale.
As a woman in the family, she didn't have the right to speak. On one hand, she hoped that her father would be safe and not be harmed by Luo Zheng. On the other hand, she knew that if her father insisted on doing things his way, he would bring a lot of trouble to the Mo family! Perhaps her father still had a sliver of hope that Zhu Qianning was just a woman of the Family Zhu, and that the Family Zhu wouldn't really do anything to the Mo family because of Zhu Qianning.
But as Zhu Qianning's best friend, Mo Yun understood Zhu Qianning's style the best. If Luo Zheng died, Zhu Qianning would definitely fight to the death with Mo Xiuyan!
What should they do …
"Stinking brat, you're courting death. You can't blame anyone else!" Mo Xiuyan's face suddenly became ferocious, and the Sword of End in his hand suddenly glowed with blue light.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"