Every slash produced a beam of Sword Qi. After four consecutive slashes, four beams of Sword Qi appeared. Furthermore, each beam of Sword Qi was stronger than the previous one!
Four beams of sword energy. Including the first beam of sword energy that had been tailing Luo Zheng, there were now a total of five beams of sword energy chasing after Luo Zheng!
"I'm going to cut you into pieces!" Mo Xiuyan held the Origin of End Sword in one hand and pointed at the tip of the sword with the other. He concentrated on controlling the five beams of sword energy to chase after Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's reaction couldn't be described as slow. After his meticulously planned assassination plan failed, he didn't stop at all and ran away!
However, Luo Zheng didn't break away from Mo Xiuyan's pursuit. Because the first beam of sword energy was originally locked onto Luo Zheng, the other four beams of sword energy only needed to follow the first beam of sword energy to easily catch up with Luo Zheng's footsteps.
Moreover, Mo Xiuyan was a bit hesitant just now. When he controlled the sword energy, he wasn't very focused. Therefore, the sword energy's speed wasn't that fast.
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was in a rage and wanted to take Luo Zheng's life. At this moment, he was naturally very focused on controlling the sword energy to surround and annihilate Luo Zheng. Therefore, the sword energy's flying speed was three times faster than before!
Luo Zheng desperately extracted the energy from the Soaring Phoenix Crystal to make his body as light as possible. His entire body turned into an afterimage as he dashed through one of the alleys of the Mo Family.
This alleyway was only ten zhang long. From the time Luo Zheng entered the alleyway to the end, it only took him a breath's time. Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, and the sword energy's flying speed was even more astonishing.
Just as Luo Zheng reached the end of the alleyway, the five beams of sword energy had already arrived behind Luo Zheng's back. The aura emitted by the sword energy caused Luo Zheng's hair to become disheveled.
"Jump!"
Seeing that it was impossible to dodge, Luo Zheng jumped high into the air and forcefully jumped from the alleyway into a side courtyard.
The five beams of sword energy were extremely fast. At this moment, they couldn't slow down and directly cut the wall at the end of the alleyway into several pieces. Then, under Mo Xiuyan's control, the five beams of sword energy simultaneously changed directions and once again flew towards Luo Zheng in the side courtyard.
Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest time to rest. As soon as he landed, he immediately rushed into a room in the side courtyard. He knocked down the wooden door of the side courtyard, then knocked down the back door of the side courtyard, and smashed through another wall. He continued to dash through the Mo residence!
..............................................................................
...........
From time to time, loud noises could be heard from the Mo family.
Although Luo Zheng tried his best to increase his speed, he still couldn't get rid of the sword energy's pursuit. The sword energy was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng. There were several times when the sword energy almost brushed past Luo Zheng's stomach. Just an inch closer and Luo Zheng's life would be in danger!
"Hey, why are there two beams of sword energy missing?"
As Luo Zheng ran wildly, he noticed the changes behind him. Originally, there were five beams of sword energy chasing after him, but now there were two fewer.
He frowned. He knew very well that the two beams of sword energy couldn't have disappeared for no reason.
The two beams of sword energy were very likely to bypass Luo Zheng and surround him from the front.
Just as Luo Zheng thought of this, he heard two muffled sounds coming from the wall in front of him. Two strange cracks appeared on the wall. Then, the two beams of sword energy that had just disappeared drilled out of the wall and went straight towards Luo Zheng.
At the same time, the three beams of sword energy behind him suddenly separated and surrounded Luo Zheng from three different directions.
"Oh no! I'm surrounded! "
At this time, Luo Zheng had nowhere to run. There were three beams of sword energy in front of him, behind him, to his left and right, and the last beam of sword energy was directly above Luo Zheng's head.
What should I do?
In an instant, countless ideas flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. But at this moment, none of them were useful.
"Fight!"
Although he was surrounded by sword energy from all directions, these sword energy were not airtight. From a very small angle, Luo Zheng could still squeeze out.
But at the same time, he could still be cut by the Sword Qi and lose an arm or a leg. Even so, it was still better than death. At least he could still find some elixirs to regrow his broken bones. If he lost his life, he would really be gone.
The problem was, even if he escaped this wave of attack, what about the next one? He couldn't escape from the sword energy even though his legs were still intact. Once he was injured, it would be even more impossible to escape!
He couldn't think too much. As long as he could stall for time, Luo Zheng was ready to risk his injury and squeeze out from the side. Suddenly, a voice came from his head, "Boy, stand still! I'm coming to save you! "
"Who is it?" Luo Zheng heard the voice, but couldn't find the person who spoke.
At this moment, a chill suddenly appeared around Luo Zheng. Then, countless ice crystals formed. As soon as the ice crystals appeared, they quickly condensed and formed a small ice wall.
Luo Zheng's front, back, left, right, and top of his head were all these ice crystals. In an instant, five ice walls completely surrounded Luo Zheng.
Then, the five beams of sword energy arrived in a flash and heavily chopped the ice walls.
"Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap!"
The five beams of sword energy chopped the ice walls almost at the same time, making five loud sounds.
Trapped in the ice wall, Luo Zheng could clearly see the Sword Qi slashing at the ice wall, leaving deep dents in the ice wall.
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. His chest was still heaving up and down.
Just now, it was really too dangerous. If it weren't for this expert's help, his head would have been separated from his body. He couldn't be more dead.
A Divine Reflection expert was still too strong. Now that Luo Zheng thought about it, Luo Zheng really took too many risks in the immortal mansion. If it weren't for the "Desperate Battle" formation in the pavilion, he wouldn't have been able to survive at the hands of a Divine Reflection expert!
"Alright, boy, come to the Mo family's guest hall. Don't worry. With me here, Mo Xiuyan won't dare to do anything to you!" the man said to Luo Zheng indifferently.
As soon as he finished speaking, the ice walls around Luo Zheng instantly shattered. They turned into a pile of ice cubes and piled up at Luo Zheng's feet.
Luo Zheng reached out and picked up one of the ice cubes. Waves of coldness came from the ice cubes. The water that melted from the ice cubes wet Luo Zheng's hand.
It looked like an ordinary ice cube, but it was actually able to block Mo Xiuyan's sword energy … This person should also be a Divine Reflection expert!
When Luo Zheng was running away, he knew that Zhang Wuxian wouldn't just stand by and watch. This person should be a consecrator of the Zhang family?
Luo Zheng didn't know that when someone used the ice walls to save Luo Zheng, another person flashed in front of Mo Xiuyan. He reached out and pressed down on the tip of Mo Xiuyan's sword.
This person was tall and sturdy. His face was ruddy and his body was covered in thick hair. He looked like a woodcutter who grew up in the mountains.
"Patriarch Mo, if I were you, I wouldn't make a move right now!" The woodcutter held a black hatchet in his hand. The blade of the hatchet constantly flashed with red light.
Mo Xiuyan didn't recognize this person at first. However, when Mo Xiuyan's gaze fell on the hatchet, he suddenly remembered a legend. His expression turned ugly as he said, "You're … you're the Woodcutter of West Mountain!"
The Woodcutter of West Mountain …
The West Mountain referred to a mountain on the Asura Battlefield.
As the name implied, a woodcutter was someone who chopped wood on the mountain.
However, there were no trees on West Mountain. Naturally, there was no way to talk about chopping wood. There were only endless demon soldiers and demon generals on West Mountain.
This Woodcutter of West Mountain was the person who had killed countless demons on West Mountain.
His original name was Shi Hu. He had once stayed on West Mountain for three years!
One had to know that West Mountain was very close to the demon race's lair. It was almost at the entrance of the demon race's lair. However, Shi Hu had cultivated there for three years!
Using the Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals as firewood, he hacked them apart and cultivated them one by one.
The number of demon soldiers and demon generals who had died at his hands was uncountable!
What was even more unbelievable was that the Demon King of the demon race couldn't do anything to Shi Hu even though he stayed there for three years!
At that time, the pressure on White Emperor City was also very great. After the Emperor Army lost several generals, they were clearly unable to deal with the demon race's attacks and were in imminent danger.
It was because Shi Hu cultivated with all his might in West Mountain. He killed demon soldiers and demon generals with all his might, which greatly slowed down the demon race's attack.
From then on, Shi Hu's reputation skyrocketed!
At the same time, everyone gave Shi Hu a nickname, the Woodcutter of West Mountain.
To be able to slaughter demons in the demon race's lair, evade the Demon King's pursuit, and stay on West Mountain for three years, Shi Hu had undoubtedly created a miracle.
Because of this, the nickname of the Woodcutter of West Mountain gradually spread. People had instead forgotten his original name.
However, when people saw the hatchet in his hand, they would think of the woodcutter who chopped demons like firewood!
Shi Hu had retired from the Emperor Army ten years ago. Although the Emperor Army had invited him to guard White Emperor City, he still chose to return to the capital.
Some people said that Shi Hu wanted to return a favor.
It was said that when Shi Hu was young, he was once an illiterate mountain youth who was born with divine strength.
After leaving the mountains, he worked as a coolie in a large family. At that time, Shi Hu was ignorant and didn't know how sinister people could be. At that time, the son of that large family had committed a crime and was about to be punished by the authorities. Therefore, that large family had an idea. They spent money to bribe people from top to bottom, and in the end, Shi Hu was made the scapegoat.
Just like that, Shi Hu was sent to prison for no reason. In the end, he was sentenced to death and was to be executed after autumn.
However, on the day of the execution, Shi Hu was saved by someone.
The person who saved Shi Hu was a young master of the Zhang family.
From then on, Shi Hu had been following that young master of the Zhang family. Shi Hu's cultivation advanced by leaps and bounds. Later on, he joined the army and made great contributions …
That young master of the Zhang family was the current head of the Zhang family, Zhang Wuxian's father, Zhang Qun!