With Shi Hu's strength, he would be a great talent anywhere in the world. However, he was willing to serve the Zhang Family as a consecrated for free. It was easy to imagine how much he valued the Zhang Family's kindness.
This incident also proved the Zhang Family's foresight. The Zhang Family had relied on this foresight to grow from a small family to the point where they were able to stand side by side with the seven ancient aristocratic families!
When Shi Hu told Mo Xiuyan not to move, Mo Xiuyan really did not dare to move.
That woodchopper did not look very impressive, but Mo Xiuyan knew very well how powerful it was.
Furthermore, judging from the aura Shi Hu was emitting, he knew that if he acted rashly, Shi Hu would not hesitate to attack!
At the same time, the temperature in the courtyard dropped abruptly.
It was the end of the year and everyone was wearing a lot of clothes. Some of the frailer servants had already changed into cotton-padded jackets.
However, under the sudden drop in temperature, the servants could not help but tug at the collar of their jackets.
Bits of ice crystals floated in the air. Then, a human figure slowly emerged from the ice crystals.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
After the ice crystals had completely dispersed, the figure in the air became clear. It was a young man with a head full of white hair.
When he saw that person, Mo Xiuyan's throat made a gulping sound.
When it came to having white hair and a cold personality, most people would think of a name: "Cang Qiu".
The Family Zhu mainly practiced various needle techniques and concealed weapons. Many of the Family Zhu's famous experts were proficient in using needles, swords, or concealed weapons.
However, in the past ten years, the Family Zhu had produced an anomaly. That anomaly was called "Cang Qiu".
Cang Qiu had a strange personality and was not good with words. Back then, he was not popular in the Family Zhu. At a young age, he had a falling out with the Family Zhu and ran away from home. He even swore an oath that he would never return to the Family Zhu again. After that, he disappeared for ten years.
Ten years later, Cang Qiu returned from the Far North. His strength had improved by leaps and bounds, and he had helped the Family Zhu solve several big problems! Although this person's personality was arrogant and eccentric, in the end, he couldn't resist the longing for his hometown and returned to the Family Zhu.
"Uncle! Did you save Luo Zheng? "Zhu Qianning looked at Cang Qiu and asked timidly.
In the Family Zhu, Zhu Qianning was close to everyone except for Cang Qiu. Ever since she was young, Zhu Qianning felt that Cang Qiu was a strange person, so she never dared to get too close to him.
Cang Qiu smiled faintly and said, "That little guy is fine. I've already helped him block the Sword Qi. Look, isn't he already coming over?" Cang Qiu pointed not far away.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and he stepped into the courtyard.
Just now, after her uncle used True Essence Sound Transmission, she asked him to save Luo Zheng first. After all, Zhu Qianning wasn't in danger, but Luo Zheng was. Only God knew how long Luo Zheng could survive under the pursuit of those Sword Qi.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was safe, Zhu Qianning heaved a deep sigh of relief.
When Luo Zheng walked into the courtyard, he saw the white-haired man in the air.
Although Luo Zheng didn't see the appearance of the person who saved him, that person used Ice Attribute True Essence, and the white-haired man in the air constantly emitted Ice Qi. Luo Zheng was 90% sure that the person who saved him was that person.
Luo Zheng came up to Cang Qiu and cupped his hands, saying, "Thank you, Senior, for saving my life!"
Cang Qiu was very polite to Zhu Qianning, but he was very cold to outsiders. He just said indifferently, "Don't thank me. I only helped you because I listened to Zhu Qianning."
Luo Zheng smiled. "Even so, I am still grateful." After saying that, Luo Zheng smiled at Zhu Qianning. Zhu Qianning blinked her big eyes and smiled like the moon. There was a trace of pride in her expression.
At this moment, the one who felt the most uncomfortable was Mo Xiuyan. He wasn't a match for Shi Hu or Cang Qiu. At this moment, he simply shook his hand. The "Sword of Ruins" formed from True Essence instantly turned into bits of True Essence and dissipated in the air. Even the Heaven's Derivation Essence contained within the sword dissipated. This Heaven's Derivation Essence was formed from Mo Xiuyan's True Essence. Naturally, it was very different from the Heaven's Derivation Essence that Luo Zheng refined from Xuan Weapons. The Heaven's Derivation Essence that Luo Zheng refined from Xuan Weapons could exist in the world for a long time.
After throwing away his weapon, Mo Xiuyan smiled faintly and said politely to Shi Hu, "May I know why the two of you have come to my Mok Province?"
Since he couldn't win, he didn't need to use force. Instead, he used words. This time, Mo Xiuyan felt that reason was still on his side!
After Mo Xiuyan removed the Sword of Ruins, Shi Hu took a step back and said in a low, muffled voice, "I can't say that I have come. The Young Master of the Zhang Family summoned me, so I had no choice but to come."
Cang Qiu, who was floating nearby, directly ignored Mo Xiuyan's question. He felt that Mo Xiuyan's question was too stupid. Since Zhu Qianning was here, he naturally had been summoned by Zhu Qianning!
"Today, I have a gathering in Mok Province, but there was a misunderstanding with a few children at the banquet. This small misunderstanding doesn't require such a big fuss. If I have offended you in any way, I, Mo Xiuyan, apologize in advance. However, I still want to clarify the cause and effect. Today's misunderstanding was caused by my nephew, Mo Can. This is a family matter of the Mo Family, and I have let the two of you see a joke. Naturally, I, as the head of the family, will deal with this matter …" Mo Xiuyan said frankly. He wanted to get rid of the bystanders right now. As for his debt with Mo Can, he could slowly settle it.
However, before Mo Xiuyan could finish speaking, Luo Zheng stood out and scolded, "What family matter of the Mo Family? Mo Can's matter is my matter. If you want to clarify things, then do it face to face! "
As soon as Luo Zheng spoke, Zhang Wuxian, intentionally or unintentionally, stood beside Luo Zheng. Zhu Qianning also moved lightly. Her meaning was clear. The two juniors of the Zhang and Zhu Families would definitely stand behind Luo Zheng.
Since Zhu Qianning and Zhang Wuxian had chosen to stand behind Luo Zheng, then Shi Hu and Cang Qiu, who were behind them, would also stand behind Luo Zheng!
Seeing that Luo Zheng's imposing manner was not inferior to Mo Xiuyan's in the slightest, Shi Hu and Cang Qiu's eyes showed some astonishment.
"This young man is very courageous. He's only at the Xiantian stage one realm, but he's not afraid of Mo Xiuyan at all …" Shi Hu and Cang Qiu both thought.
After being interrupted by Luo Zheng and scolded to his face, Mo Xiuyan's face suddenly turned ugly. He hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would be so difficult to deal with!
He had already planned to let Luo Zheng go, but this guy actually dared to bite him and not let him go!
A Xiantian level expert was like an ant to Mo Xiuyan, but he couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Who told the Zhang and Family Zhu to stand behind him?
Mo Xiuyan felt that his head was getting bigger and bigger!
At this moment, Mo Xiuyan was very unwilling and even wanted to fight it out with this kid. But after thinking about it, with Shi Hu and Cang Qiu, these two almighty experts in front of him, he was afraid that even if he really fought it out, he still wouldn't be able to take Luo Zheng's life …
After a while, Mo Xiuyan finally understood that he had no choice but to lower his head!
The situation was more important than popularity. Mo Xiuyan sighed inwardly and said, "What does this young friend want to clarify?"
Mo Xiuyan's tone was very unwilling, but he didn't dare to be rash now. He really did have to lower his head! A Divine Illumination powerhouse had to lower his head to a Xiantian level expert!
At this moment, Moyu's face was ashen.
The faces of the Egret Peak inner sect disciples Mo Yu had brought back were also very ugly.
The person Mo Can had brought back could easily invite a Divine Illumination powerhouse from the family head. How could Mo Yu feel good when his own father couldn't even raise his head?
Luo Zheng chuckled and turned to grab Mo Can's shoulder, giving him a light shove. "You'll have to ask Mo Can how to clarify this matter!"
Mo Xiuyan's hand shrank slightly as he looked at the unremarkable Mo Can.
Mo Can's performance in the family had always been weak. The impression he gave people was that he could be bullied however they wanted.
Even if a servant loudly reprimanded Mo Can, Mo Can would still put on a smiling face!
He had no status in the Mo family to speak of.
When had Mo Xiuyan ever imagined that there would be a day when he would have to listen to Mo Can's whims?
But at this time, Mo Xiuyan had no choice but to speak. "Can 'er, what do you want?"
At this moment, Mo Can was extremely nervous. He raised his head and looked around. Seeing that everyone was staring at him, his expression became extremely unnatural.
But when he thought of his father's fate, and how his father's personal item, the blood jade bracelet, was in Mo Xiuyan's hands, Mo Can felt a chill in his heart.
How did his father die? Why was the bracelet in Mo Xiuyan's hands?
If these questions weren't answered, Mo Can wouldn't even be able to sleep well!
But if he wanted to confront Mo Xiuyan and investigate the cause of his father's death, it was obviously impossible. Firstly, this was a matter of the past. Most of the truth had already been buried in history. Secondly, he was only guessing and suspecting. For Mo Xiuyan to tell the truth personally was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.
After thinking about it, Mo Can said, "I don't want anything. I just want the blood jade bracelet that my father left behind!"
When he heard Mo Can's conditions, Mo Xiuyan heaved a sigh of relief. If it was just the return of the blood jade bracelet, it wouldn't have been difficult.
Mo Xiuyan nodded. "This blood jade bracelet was your father's personal item. Since you want it, I can give it to you!" After speaking, Mo Xiuyan flipped his hand and the brocade box containing the blood jade bracelet appeared in his hand. With a light push, the brocade box flew horizontally and floated in front of Mo Can.
Mo Can took the brocade box and opened it to verify its authenticity. Only then did he put the brocade box away. At this moment, Mo Can was still somewhat unwilling. He didn't even want the blood jade bracelet. What he cared about was the cause of his father's death!
But after thinking about it, Mo Can sighed. "Other than that, I have nothing else …"
＝＝＝＝＝