A sly smile appeared on Mo Xiuyan's face. This nephew of his was easy to fool. His face returned to its usual elegant and noble appearance. He smiled and said, "In that case, today …"
"Wait!" Before Mo Xiuyan could finish his sentence, Zhu Qianning stood up again.
Mo Xiuyan frowned slightly. As the head of the family, few people dared to interrupt him. Today, however, several juniors did. But when he saw that the other party was Zhu Qianning, he didn't dare to show too much dissatisfaction. Instead, he asked, "Family Zhu's eldest daughter, is there anything else?"
"You almost killed Luo Zheng. How do you want to settle this matter?"
Most women were narrow-minded and vengeful. It was impossible to expect Zhu Qianning to be a gentleman and let bygones be bygones.
Besides, Mo Xiuyan had just almost killed Luo Zheng. This was something she couldn't tolerate no matter what!
Mo Xiuyan's face darkened. Today, he had lost all face, but Family Zhu was still holding on to him. She was really pushing her luck! Mo Xiuyan's face also darkened. "Family Zhu's eldest daughter, I've already said that today's matter is at fault. It can be considered a misunderstanding. If you think that I went overboard, please forgive me."
Zhu Qianning sneered and said, "I advised you not to make a move earlier, but you didn't forgive me? If Uncle Cang Qiu wasn't here, would you forgive me? Then tell me, why should I forgive you? "
"Could it be that Family Zhu's eldest daughter is determined to keep harping on this matter?" Mo Xiuyan couldn't retreat and asked with a gloomy face.
"Of course!" Zhu Qianning said matter-of-factly.
"Hmph, you've gone too far!" Mo Xiuyan finally couldn't stand it anymore. Everyone had a temper. Mo Xiuyan had already lost face as the head of the family, but he couldn't be suppressed by a junior. Under Zhu Qianning's pressure, he couldn't tolerate it no matter what.
At this time, Cang Qiu, who was in mid-air, revealed a feminine smile. "Since Qianning is in trouble, I naturally have to stand up for her. Qianning, what do you want me to do?"
Zhu Qianning's lips curled. She wanted Cang Qiu to teach Mo Xiuyan a lesson, but at this time, Mo Yun pulled her sleeve.
Mo Yun's face was pale as she begged. She said softly, "Sister Qianning, I beg you. Let my father go. Let's forget about this matter, okay?"
Mo Yun was Zhu Qianning's best friend, and she was Mo Xiuyan's daughter. She was in a dilemma.
Zhu Qianning looked at Mo Yun and her heart softened. In the end, Zhu Qianning sighed and said to Cang Qiu, "Uncle Cang Qiu, forget it. This matter ends here."
Cang Qiu and Mo Xiuyan didn't have any grudges. Since Zhu Qianning said so, he didn't have any objections. He just gave Mo Xiuyan a strange smile. Then, crystal clear ice began to rise around him. He was completely wrapped in it and flew outside.
Mo Can had taken his father's blood jade bracelet. There was no need to stay in the Mo Family. He said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, let's leave."
Luo Zheng nodded. Then he called Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian and the others to leave.
Zhang Wuxian communicated with Shi Hu. Only then did Shi Hu walk at the back with a chopping knife.
The last one to leave was Zhu Qianning. She wanted to teach Mo Yun's father a lesson, but now she went to comfort Mo Yun. Then she glared fiercely at Mo Xiuyan. It was as if she was saying, "If it wasn't for your daughter, you would be dead today!"
Then he followed behind and shouted with dissatisfaction, "Hey, wait for me!"
After Luo Zheng and the others left, Mo Xiuyan let out a long sigh. He waved his hand and an armchair beside him moved over automatically. He lay down heavily on the armchair as if he was paralyzed.
Ever since he became the head of the Mo Family, he had never suffered such a big loss.
The other members of the Mo Family were silent. They all knew that Mo Xiuyan was really angry. If anyone went up to talk to him, they would definitely become the target of his anger.
However, Mo Yu was his son. He didn't have such taboos. He went up to Mo Xiuyan and said, "Father, are we just going to let this matter go?"
Mo Xiuyan sighed and asked, "What else can we do if we don't let it go?"
What right did the Mo Family have to go against the Zhang Family and Family Zhu? They didn't even deserve to carry their shoes! They didn't have the right to be their opponent.
Mo Yu gritted his teeth and his eyes were red. He was like a trapped beast. He thought about it and realized that the root of the problem was Mo Can. He swore in his heart that he would take revenge. He would make Mo Can regret being born into this world!
However, he couldn't count on Luo Zheng to avenge his defeat. He knew that he and Luo Zheng weren't on the same level. Even his father couldn't do anything to that kid, let alone him.
At this moment, one of the stewards of the Mo Residence hurriedly ran over.
The steward seemed to have something to report. However, the other members of the Mo Family gave him a look, indicating that he shouldn't disturb Mo Xiuyan at this time.
If he disturbed the head of the Mo Family at this time, he would be courting death.
However, the steward seemed to have something important to report. He hesitated for a moment and paced back and forth with an anxious expression.
Mo Yu saw this and walked out to ask the steward, "What do you have to report?"
When the steward saw Moyu, his expression was extremely ugly. Only then did he say, "Just now, I went to investigate the residence. That kid destroyed three hundred and thirty-six of the houses in the residence …"
"What?!" Mo Yu's expression changed.
Although he heard the sound of the violent collision, Mo Yu guessed that the mansion had suffered heavy losses.
There were a total of 561 mansions in the Mok Province. Although they were destroyed, it wasn't difficult to repair them. However, no matter which landowning household it was, they all attached great importance to their inheritance.
Most of these mansions were passed down from the ancestors of the Mo Family. Who would have thought that this fight would destroy more than three hundred of the mansions. That was almost half of the mansions. For the Mo Family, this was an invisible loss!
When he heard the steward's report, Mo Yu's hatred grew even stronger. He stared at the gate of the Mok Province, which was the direction Mo Can had left. "Mo Can … I will definitely kill you with my own hands!"
Mo Can naturally couldn't hear Mo Yu's words. Although he had obtained the blood jade bracelet, he was still in low spirits.
He was usually very optimistic, but at this moment, he was still walking in front with a gloomy look on his face.
When Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian saw Mo Can's expression, they looked at each other. At the moment, they didn't have a better way to persuade Mo Can.
After all, when he suddenly found out that his father might have died unjustly, and that he might have been killed by Mo Can's Third Uncle, one could imagine the degree of pain in his heart.
It was likely that Mo Can would never return to Mok Province in the future.
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian didn't have such a deep impression of this feeling. Besides Mo Can, there was also Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's experience was very similar to Mo Can's.
His father, Luo Xiao, was killed by his Second Uncle and Third Uncle. Luo Zheng's experience was even worse than Mo Can's. He was demoted to a servant and was humiliated in the family. He almost paid the price with his life.
Luo Zheng suddenly stepped forward and patted Mo Can's shoulder. "Mo Can, do you want to know the truth and avenge your father?"
Mo Can shrugged and nodded. "Yes, but I can't do it."
"Can't do it?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of ridicule. "If you can't do it, why bother to live in this world? Why don't you jump into the Golden Water River and drown yourself? "
At this moment, they were walking by a river. This river was called the Golden Water River, and it was the largest river in the inner city of the Imperial Capital. The Golden Water River was sparkling. Under the cover of the setting sun, it reflected an irregular golden light, as if the entire river was plated with a layer of gold.
Mo Can looked at the Golden Water River next to him, his eyes full of disappointment. "Yes, my father died unjustly. As a son, I can't find out the truth. Even if I know the truth, I can't avenge him with my own hands … I might as well drown myself. Hundreds of people drown in the Golden Water River every year. Aren't you afraid that I'll be one more floating corpse …"
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian revealed strange expressions. How could he comfort someone like that? Wasn't Luo Zheng persuading Mo Can to commit suicide? However, Luo Zheng didn't want to do things that he wasn't sure of. Presumably, Luo Zheng had his own methods and ideas. Therefore, the two of them didn't interrupt and just waited to see what would happen. If Mo Can really wanted to commit suicide by jumping into the river, they naturally wouldn't allow him to do so.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "I thought you were a coward. I didn't expect you to be so courageous!"
Mo Can glanced at Luo Zheng in puzzlement and said strangely, "Courageous? How am I courageous? "
"You're not even afraid of death. What are you afraid of? What are you afraid of? If you confront Mo Xiuyan face to face, the most he can do is kill you with his sword. What can he do to you? "Luo Zheng asked several questions in succession." If you're not even afraid of death, you might as well torture yourself with your life! If you have the strength in the future, you can ask Mo Xiuyan for advice. What can Mo Xiuyan do to you? Since you're so indifferent to life and death, why don't you gamble with your life? "
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Can's heart suddenly pounded rapidly …
Mo Can's temperament was soft. He resigned himself to adversity, but his heart was still tenacious! Otherwise, with only Luo Zheng's help, he wouldn't have been able to get into the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng's words were reasonable. Life was a bitter struggle. If one died like this, it would be inevitable to regret it. It was better to do your best and gamble. So what if you failed in the end? The worst-case scenario was just "death"!
Mo Can followed Luo Zheng's train of thought. At this moment, it was as if a new door had suddenly opened for him. Mo Can didn't have many demands for this world. Even though he was admitted into the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't cultivate diligently even though he was happy. He was like a monk striking a bell every day.
But now, Mo Can had his own goal. Yes, he wanted to trample Mo Yu under his feet. He wanted to ask Mo Xiuyan face to face how his father died! The prerequisite for all of this was strength!