When the others saw Mo Can's reaction, how could they not know that Mo Can was excited at this moment? They heard Mo Can say, "Yes, you're right. I'm still alive, so I have a chance to help my father get an explanation!"
Seeing that Mo Can had cheered himself up so quickly, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "That's right. As long as there's hope, there's motivation to work hard!"
Zhang Wuxian and Zhou Xian finally smiled. As expected of Luo Zheng, he was able to restore Mo Can's confidence with just a few words. If it had been anyone else, it would have been difficult to do so.
"Hey, hey, you guys … Are you all full?" Zhu Qianning, who had been left behind, asked with a smile at this moment.
Zhang Wuxian touched his round belly, shook his head and said, "We haven't eaten anything yet and we're already making a scene. How could we have eaten anything?"
"I haven't eaten either. Why don't we find a place to have a meal?" Zhu Qianning said with a smile.
"Agreed!" Zhou Xian raised both his hands in agreement.
After all the trouble just now, everyone was hungry. Now, it was time to solve the problem of their stomachs.
There were many prosperous places in the Imperial City. Zhu Qianning, Mo Can, and Zhang Wuxian grew up in the Imperial City, so they were very familiar with the Imperial City. Soon, they decided on a time-honored restaurant, and everyone went straight to the restaurant.
During this meal, Mo Can drank a lot of wine. However, unlike those drunkards, he didn't get drunk the more he drank. On the contrary, the more he drank, the more spirited he became. Although everyone lived in Xiao Yufeng, there weren't many opportunities for them to have a good meal together. Tonight, when drinking with close friends, a thousand cups were not enough. The several young people made a scene and ended the meal very late.
When they were about to leave, Zhu Qianning's face was already red. Her black hair fell down like a waterfall, and her forehead curled into fine hair. At this moment, she looked as beautiful as a fairy in a painting.
As long as Xiantian lifeforms deliberately controlled themselves, it would be difficult for them to get drunk, unless they gave up their resistance to alcohol.
Perhaps because she was happy to meet Luo Zheng, Zhu Qianning was a bit drunk. The two girls who came with Zhu Qianning were chatting with Mo Can and Zhou Xian behind them.
At this moment, only Zhu Qianning and Luo Zheng were walking side by side.
Although it was already past midnight, the night in the Imperial Capital had just begun. Above the pavilions in the distance, the street was illuminated as if it was daytime, and the shadows of the people on the ground were elongated.
Seeing Zhu Qianning's charming appearance, Luo Zheng's heart was slightly moved, and he also felt a little restless.
"Hey, you haven't answered me yet. Why don't you come and play with me?" With Zhu Qianning's status as the daughter of a respectable family, saying such words at this time was clearly not in line with her status. It was just that Zhu Qianning was happy today, so she deliberately made herself slightly drunk.
This was how a girl's thoughts were. Once she set her mind on someone, her thoughts would be the other party's thoughts.
If she were to inquire about this matter when she was sober, she would be embarrassed to death. How could she ask? With a bit of drunkenness, she wouldn't speak carelessly, and her courage would also be a bit greater. This was why Zhu Qianning drank the two taels of "peach blossom wine" at the dinner table.
Previously, when Zhu Qianning asked, Luo Zheng didn't directly answer. Now that she asked, Luo Zheng couldn't escape.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng actually couldn't think of a suitable reason. He could only say, "I was a little busy, so I forgot …"
Zhu Qianning pursed her lips, feeling a little disappointed. Although Zhu Qianning knew that Luo Zheng was busy with cultivation, he didn't seem to understand a girl's thoughts by answering her so directly. He didn't know how to hide it at all.
However, on second thought, Luo Zheng's character and ability were just like that. He wouldn't lie and would say whatever was on his mind. It was better than those wastrels who talked big and lied to others.
With this thought, the two of them were no longer so reserved. They walked along the road by the side of the Golden Water River for a long time before everyone went their separate ways …
Zhang Wuxian and Luo Zheng didn't return to the Blue Cloud Sect.
Zhang Wuxian still had the item that Luo Zheng had entrusted to auction — 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence.
After the Zhang family had auctioned off a drop of Sky Amplification Essence at the Tianlu Auction, people had come to ask if the Zhang family had any more Sky Amplification Essence that they wanted to purchase.
Among these people, there were extremely powerful Otherworldly Experts, and there were also people from aristocratic families.
Sky Amplification Essence had a wide range of uses. It could raise the grade of almost all weapons.
Owning a high-grade weapon was a martial artist's lifelong pursuit. Everyone valued it highly.
However, it was almost impossible to raise the grade of a weapon after it was forged, unless it was melted down and reforged. However, melted down and reforged was almost equivalent to refining a weapon from scratch.
Therefore, everyone could only pin their hopes on Sky Amplification Essence. Unfortunately, there was just too little of it.
Many people had heard that the 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence had been auctioned off by Old Man Huang from the Heavenly Dragon Huang family for only 120,000 cubes of crystal stones. All of them were extremely regretful. They hadn't participated in the auction at the Tianlu Auction. If they had been there, the price of the 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence would definitely have been much higher.
Since Luo Zheng had entrusted 50 drops of Sky Amplification Essence to him this time, Zhang Wuxian naturally had to do a good job of promoting it. Auctions were like that. The more wealthy people participated in the auction, the higher the price.
Therefore, Zhang Wuxian busied himself with this matter when he returned to the Tianlu Auction.
Although the Zhang family didn't test the fighting ability of their disciples, they had high expectations of their talents in business.
Starting from the age of ten, the Zhang family would set up a ledger for every disciple. This ledger would record the money that the disciples helped the Zhang family earn.
Zhang Wuxian had always been ranked fourth in this ledger …
The top three were all the elite disciples of the Zhang family. One of them was Zhang Wuxian's elder brother, Zhang Wuji.
The last time Luo Zheng had entrusted Zhang Wuxian to auction off the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core, he had helped Zhang Wuxian make a huge contribution to his personal ledger.
Zhang Wuxian had originally been very far away from third place. However, the huge profit from the Fire Scorpion Crystal Core had been recorded in Zhang Wuxian's ledger. This had allowed Zhang Wuxian to advance by leaps and bounds, and he was now only a little bit away from third place.
If he auctioned off the Sky Amplification Essence this time, he would definitely be able to make it into the top three!
What made Zhang Wuxian even more excited was that Luo Zheng meant that he didn't only have a small amount of Sky Amplification Essence. He could provide Zhang Wuxian with a steady supply of it …
Even at the Tianlu Auction House, it was not common to have items worth more than a hundred thousand. If it was really as Luo Zheng had said, and he could steadily provide the Heaven Amplification Essence for the auction, then Zhang Wuxian would have a chance to surpass the second place, or even the first place!
Whether it was in business or cultivation, Zhang Wuxian was the kind of person who refused to admit defeat. However, Zhang Wuxian's talent was not as good as his elder brother's. It was almost impossible for him to surpass Zhang Wuji in martial arts. However, being able to surpass his elder brother in business was enough to make Zhang Wuxian proud.
Luo Zheng did not care how much Zhang Wuxian could auction off the Sky Amplification Essence for. He believed that with the Zhang family's professional methods, it would only exceed his expectations.
Furthermore, as long as Luo Zheng had the black fire, he would have an endless supply of Sky Amplification Essence. Being able to extract the Sky Amplification Essence was bound to be a profitable business.
Yesterday's confrontation with Mo Xiuyan had exposed Luo Zheng's considerable weakness.
When Luo Zheng encountered attacks that his Heavenly Demon Vital Energy could not deal with, he would be helpless.
Yesterday, he had been chased into a corner by Mo Xiuyan's sword Qi because he could not do anything about it. However, Luo Zheng also knew that even if he could deal with the sword Qi, Mo Xiuyan would still have a big move that he could not deal with. After all, Luo Zheng could not fight head-on with an expert who had been in the Divine Reflection Realm for many years.
If Luo Zheng had a weapon, the situation would be much better.
Luo Zheng's body was now as hard as a mid-grade spiritual weapon. Ordinary weapons would not be able to hurt him, but he would have a hard time dealing with high-grade spiritual weapons or immortal weapons.
Although the broken flying dagger in his hand had always been his trump card, it was still a flying dagger after all. It could only be used for sneak attacks.
It was not realistic to rely on the broken throwing knife to fight head-on.
The most important thing was that the Peak Competition was about to take place.
The Peak Competition would gather all the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, among which there would be no lack of extremely powerful people.
Luo Zheng himself also attached great importance to the Peak Competition, so this time, he must be well-prepared.
Fortunately, the Peak Competition would be held after the New Year, so there was plenty of time to prepare.
"Weapons …"
The conventional weapons were sabers and swords. In the Eastern Territory, most people used swords, followed by sabers.
The sword was the leader of all weapons. It could hack and stab, and most cultivation methods were compiled around swordsmanship.
In contrast, sabers could not stab directly, but because the blade was thicker, it was more powerful and domineering when hacking …
In addition to sabers and swords, there were also bows and arrows, hammers, axes, spears, and so on.
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng finally returned to the sword!
He remembered that his father also used a sword. His father's sword was called "Azure Wind Chasing Sword", and it was a high-grade profound weapon. It was a pity that the sword was nowhere to be found.
Father also used a sword, so he could also practice the sword!
After confirming what kind of weapon he wanted, Luo Zheng rushed towards Qian Ji Pavilion.
Qian Ji Pavilion was as usual, business was booming.
When Luo Zheng just entered, those servants still had difficulty greeting Luo Zheng, but coincidentally, the middle-aged shopkeeper who received Luo Zheng last time just happened to pass by.
This middle-aged shopkeeper had a very deep impression of Luo Zheng. Last time, Luo Zheng bought more than two hundred profound weapons in one go. No matter who it was, they would remember this kind of customer and would not forget it for the rest of their life.
That transaction made the middle-aged shopkeeper get a lot of commission!