"Young Master Luo, what do you want to buy this time?" The middle-aged shopkeeper had been doing business for decades. When dealing with customers, whether it was tone or expression, they were all very precise.
However, meeting such a big customer like Luo Zheng, the middle-aged shopkeeper still couldn't hold back his excitement. His voice trembled slightly.
"Oh? Shopkeeper, hello! " Luo Zheng greeted the middle-aged shopkeeper. "I came this time to see what weapons the Qianji Pavilion has."
The middle-aged shopkeeper originally wanted to ask about the weapons from last time … … More than two hundred profound level weapons were enough to equip a private guard. However, he didn't know what Luo Zheng wanted to do with so many profound level weapons. The middle-aged shopkeeper thought it was better not to ask this question. Perhaps he would offend Luo Zheng by offending him.
Thus, the middle-aged shopkeeper smiled and asked, "Young Master Luo, what kind of weapons do you want to choose? Our Qianji Pavilion recently received another batch of profound level weapons … … "
He thought that Luo Zheng wanted to buy a batch of profound level weapons this time. Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I won't buy any profound level weapons this time. Maybe next time. This time, I want to buy a sword."
Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to buy profound level weapons or refine Sky Derivation Essence.
He wanted to wait until Zhang Wuxian auctioned off the first batch of Sky Derivation Essence. Moreover, he still had more than six hundred drops of Sky Derivation Essence. Even if he successfully auctioned it off the first time, Luo Zheng wouldn't release so much Sky Derivation Essence in one go next time.
He was the only one in the Eastern Region who could sell the Sky Amplification Essence steadily. Luo Zheng naturally understood the principle that the rarer something was, the more valuable it was.
If a large amount of Sky Derivation Essence appeared on the market in one go, the price of this thing would definitely fall. Thus, the best way was to sell it in small batches.
"A sword? What kind of sword does Young Master Luo want to choose? "The middle-aged shopkeeper asked.
"Take me to have a look." Luo Zheng himself wasn't sure, so he wanted to take a look first.
It was rather difficult to choose what one wanted at a glance.
"Since Young Master Luo only wants to choose a treasured sword, naturally it can't be the ordinary weapons on the first floor." The middle-aged shopkeeper said with a smile. The middle-aged shopkeeper had seen Luo Zheng's financial resources. Those profound level weapons were bought with hundreds of pieces. Today, he only wanted to choose one weapon. How could the profound level weapons on the first floor enter his eyes? "I'll take you to the second floor. The good things of our Thousand Secrets Pavilion are basically all on the second floor!"
Luo Zheng nodded and followed behind the middle-aged shopkeeper.
However, when Luo Zheng reached the stairs to the second floor, two guards reached out and stopped him.
"To go to the second floor, you need to show your Qian Ji Pavilion membership certificate," one of the guards said.
On the second floor of the Qian Ji Pavilion, there were quite a few divine weapons stored there. Almost every weapon had a huge value, so ordinary people were not allowed to go up.
At this time, the middle-aged shopkeeper said: "This Young Master Luo is not a member of our Qian Ji Pavilion. However, he is my guest, so please step aside."
The two guards hesitated. This was definitely against the rules. If this kid went up to the second floor and did something, or stole something, how would they explain it?
At this time, the middle-aged shopkeeper couldn't bear it anymore. He was afraid of offending Luo Zheng, so he roared: "Hurry up and step aside! You two disgraceful things! "The middle-aged shopkeeper was also anxious and scolded.
The two guards' faces showed unhappiness, but thinking of the middle-aged shopkeeper's position, they could only endure. They stepped aside and made way for Luo Zheng.
The middle-aged shopkeeper said with a smile: "Young Master Luo, please go up. These two guys don't know the rules. Please don't blame them!"
Luo Zheng smiled and said: "It's nothing. They are also doing things according to the rules. It's actually difficult for them." He actually understood the situation of the two guards. From their duties, what was wrong with doing this?
Compared to the first floor of the Qian Ji Pavilion, the second floor was much smaller. However, because there were not many people, it seemed empty.
Although the space was not big, the second floor was, after all, a place to receive guests. The decoration was exquisite and unusual. Looking around, one could see the attention paid to it.
For example, the ground was paved with a fine green carpet. It looked like a man-made carpet, but in fact, this carpet was made from a plant called Ground Velvet Grass. This kind of Ground Velvet Grass grew in the crevices of the southern mountains.
Ground Velvet Grass was soft and comfortable to step on. It was warm in the winter and cool in the summer. After the Imperial Palace took the lead in transplanting Ground Velvet Grass from the south, the entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital's soldiers followed suit.
However, the southern mountains were originally not many. Ground Velvet Grass was also a rare thing. Under the crazy scramble of the nobles, Ground Velvet Grass suddenly became rare and incomparably precious.
The value of the Ground Velvet Grass under his feet was probably worth hundreds of crystal stones! This did not include the cost of taking care of the Ground Velvet Grass.
It was hard for the poor to imagine that just to pave the grass floor would cost them money that they could not earn in a few hundred lifetimes.
This was not the only place that was particular about the second floor. For example, the window at the side was made of translucent seven-colored glass, and the decorative wall skirt exposed natural cloud patterns. It was also made of the same precious mica wood.
"This way, this way!" The middle-aged shopkeeper saw Luo Zheng looking around and thought that Luo Zheng was shocked by the second floor's style.
The boss of Qian Ji Pavilion knew the hearts of the customers. For the decoration of the second floor of Qian Ji Pavilion, he spent a lot of time and money to create this effect.
Seeing the expression of the middle-aged shopkeeper, Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile. He was not resistant to luxury and comfort. If the environment was too bad, he could still put up with it.
Under the guidance of the middle-aged shopkeeper, Luo Zheng shuttled all the way to the second floor.
The space on the second floor was not big compared to the first floor, but there were many good things on display.
Along the way, one could see a display table on the ground. In the center of the display table, there was a weapon.
There were no Profound Level weapons here. Almost all the weapons started from Spirit Level weapons.
As he walked forward, Luo Zheng saw a fiery red broadsword. This broadsword was placed in the middle of several iron frames. Just as he approached the broadsword, he could feel a strong heat. Although this broadsword was still an ownerless item, it was still burning. The heat was roasting the Ground Velvet Grass on the ground.
This broadsword should be a High Level Spirit Weapon. Its value was naturally not cheap.
Luo Zheng did not have much interest in broadsword-type weapons. He just looked at it curiously. The middle-aged shopkeeper saw that Luo Zheng was interested in the broadsword. He quickly stopped and turned his head, wanting to introduce it to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and signaled for the shopkeeper to continue forward.
Afterwards, they passed by some weapon displays. Luo Zheng's eyes only paused for a moment. He skimmed over the weapons one by one.
After a while, Luo Zheng finally stopped in front of a display table.
There were three swords on the table.
The three swords were different in style, shape and color.
Luo Zheng did not know why the three swords were placed together.
When the shopkeeper saw that Luo Zheng finally stopped and looked at the three swords, he smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "These are Senior Che Daozi's three High Level Spirit Weapons!"
"Che Daozi's?" Luo Zheng was shocked. Luo Zheng was not familiar with other master refiners.
However, Luo Zheng had bought Che Daozi's refining manual. After reading through it, he was shocked by Che Daozi's refining techniques. This person had immersed himself in the dao of refining for a long time and was indeed unique in his own way. Therefore, when Luo Zheng heard that these three swords were refined by Che Daozi, his interest was greatly piqued.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, how could the middle-aged shopkeeper not understand that Luo Zheng seemed to have taken a fancy to these swords? The shopkeeper immediately used his hand to open the cover. As he removed one of the swords from the buckle, he said, "Speaking of these three swords, they can be considered as having a twisted fate!"
As he spoke, the middle-aged shopkeeper took out the first white sword and handed it over to Luo Zheng with the hilt.
Luo Zheng reached out to take the white sword. He immediately felt it sink. "This sword is so heavy!" Luo Zheng's physical strength was astonishing. Due to his special physique, even without activating his dragon scales, his strength was far greater than that of an ordinary person. However, he still felt the weight of the sword when he held it with one hand.
Generally speaking, swords paid particular attention to elegance and were very light. The lighter the sword, the faster the sword and the sharper the sword qi.
However, this sword was the opposite. He didn't know what it was made of, but it was actually so heavy.
The shopkeeper naturally understood the mystery. He laughed mischievously and said, "Young Master Luo, please listen to me slowly!" Then he shouted to the side, "Why haven't you brought a stool for us yet?"
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. The treatment on the second floor was too considerate. Did they need a stool just to stand there for a while? Just as he was about to say that there was no need, a manservant carried two stools and placed them behind Luo Zheng and the middle-aged shopkeeper.
The shopkeeper gestured for them to sit and then said, "This sword is called 'Jiu Zhong Feng'. It's a heavy sword. The sword's body is a hundred times heavier than an ordinary sword."
"Jiu Zhong Feng?" Luo Zheng opened the buckle on the scabbard and gently pulled it out. The sword was halfway out of the scabbard.
When an ordinary sword was pulled out of the scabbard, it would rub against the iron buckle on the scabbard and make a crisp and pleasant sound.
However, this Jiu Zhong Feng's blade was too heavy. When Luo Zheng pulled it out, it only made a dull sound.
This sword's blade was much wider and thicker than an ordinary sword's blade. There were also mesh-like metal veins on the blade. It was very beautiful.
"This sword is called Jiu Zhong Feng. In fact, it's nine swords combined into one," the shopkeeper said with a smile.
＝＝＝＝＝