"Nine swords combined into one?" Luo Zheng was slightly startled. Luo Zheng originally thought that the sword was too thick, but he didn't expect the nine blades to have such a meaning. Even if the thinnest nine blades were combined together, it was far from being able to compress them to such a thin realm.
The shopkeeper nodded. "Che Daozi's refining skills are miraculous. Only a genius like him can comprehend such an ingenious refining method!"
The steel used to refine the Nine Layered Edge was called Thousand Refined Steel. It was an extremely malleable type of steel. First, it was calcined until it was extremely soft. Then, it was placed on a metal plate prepared in advance. The bottom of the plate was stuffed with charcoal.
Once the charcoal was ignited, it would burn for three months until the top layer of the plate was completely red. At the same time, it maintained an extremely neat surface.
Then, the Thousand Refined Steel would be placed on the plate. Then, twelve burly men would push a ten-thousand-kilogram roller to grind the Thousand Refined Steel.
After seven days of grinding, the Thousand Refined Steel would become a thin layer of steel sheet that would firmly adhere to the iron plate. At this time, the iron plate would be removed along with the Thousand Refined Steel sheet. When the temperature naturally dropped, the Thousand Refined Steel sheet would automatically fall off the iron plate.
This extremely thin steel sheet was the raw material used to make the Ninefold Blade.
Che Daozi would personally fold the steel sheet, layer by layer. During this process, he would fold it nine times. During each fold, he would add in all sorts of special materials and a secret forging method that Che Daozi wouldn't pass on to outsiders.
The entire process was extremely complicated.
Once the steel sheet was folded together, it would be sent into a crafting furnace to be refined with true fire. The refiner's comprehension of the Heaven's Divination Essence would be slowly refined into it.
In truth, the Nine Layered Edge's forging method was already known to the public.
But apart from Che Daozi himself, no one else could do this!
It was said that the Weapon Refining Grand Master in the Burning Heaven Palace had also used this method to forge a "Nine Layered Edge", but in the end, he still failed. The Weapon Refining Grand Master was unable to fold the nine layers of steel skin together, and in the end, he only managed to forge the "Eight Layered Edge".
"I didn't expect that forging this Ninefold Edge would take so much work and effort!" Luo Zheng pulled out the heavy sword completely, and the sword body rotated nimbly in the air. Heavy swords had the advantages of heavy swords. Because this Nine Layers Edge was not light, it was more suitable for slashing than other swords. In this aspect, it was not inferior to a saber. At the same time, as a sword, it also had the advantages of a sword. It could be used to assassinate and display sword skills.
"Sigh, but it's a pity," the middle-aged shopkeeper sighed.
"A pity?" Luo Zheng looked surprised. "This Jiu Zhong Feng is perfect in every aspect. Why do you feel it's a pity?"
The shopkeeper said regretfully. "Che Daozi wanted to make a ten-layered edge but failed in the end. This sword might have become an immortal weapon if it was stacked!"
"I see …" Luo Zheng quietly stared at the sword. It was already amazing that it could be stacked to the ninth layer. It would be extremely difficult to stack it any higher.
The middle-aged shopkeeper smiled and said, "But as a high-grade spirit weapon, this Nine-layered Edge is already a top spirit weapon. I wonder if Young Master Luo is interested in this Nine-layered Edge?"
Luo Zheng put the sword back into the scabbard and said, "I want to see the other two swords."
There were three swords on the stage. Luo Zheng decided to take a look first before making a decision.
"When it comes to the level of a spirit tool, it is indeed necessary to choose carefully. Only in this way can one buy a treasure that suits one's taste," the middle-aged shopkeeper said as he reached out and picked up the second sword. Then, he handed it to Luo Zheng.
This sword, including the hilt and scabbard, was emerald green. It should be made of jade.
Compared to the "Nine-layered Edge" from before, this emerald green sword was on the other end of the spectrum. The Nine-layered Edge was extremely heavy, and if one did not have enough strength, then using it would be very difficult. However, when this emerald green sword was held in his hand, it felt as light as a goose feather, almost weightless, as if it was weightless.
"This sword is called Jade Wave. It's also a high-grade spirit weapon. In fact, these three swords were made by Che Daozi in his later years. At the time, Che Daozi was at the end of his life but he still wanted to try and make an immortal weapon!"
The biggest criterion for being called a blacksmith grandmaster was whether or not he could make an immortal weapon. This was a standard that had been maintained in the Eastern Domain for thousands of years.
Wang Dai from the Wang Clan, Che Daozi, and the blacksmith from the Burning Sky Palace were called grandmasters because they had refined immortal treasures before!
Wang Dai had only made two immortal weapons in his life, but this was enough to make him a grandmaster.
Che Daozi's fame and status were far higher than Wang Dai's because he had made thirteen immortal weapons in his life. In the long history of the Eastern Domain, the number of immortal weapons he had made was enough for him to sit firmly on the throne of the Eastern Domain's number one blacksmith!
These thirteen immortal weapons had all been made by Che Daozi when he was at the peak of his life. At the end of his life, he had the will but lacked the strength to make another immortal weapon.
These three swords were Che Daozi's final attempt to make an immortal weapon at the end of his life.
It could be said that Che Daozi had exhausted the last of his mental strength to refine these three swords before passing away. If it wasn't for the fact that he had exhausted so much mental strength to refine these three swords, Che Daozi would have been able to live for another two or three years …
Luo Zheng's hand moved slightly and Jade Wave shot out of the scabbard.
Whoosh! Hum hum hum hum …
After the green sword was pulled out, it continued to tremble and emitted a soft hum in the air. This sword hum was long and ethereal, as if a fairy was playing a zither. It was pleasant to the ear and made people feel relaxed.
Luo Zheng raised the sword, which was so thin that it was almost transparent. He could see the other side of the sword from one side, but his vision was filtered by the sword. Everything he saw was green.
"Good sword!"
It had to be said that Luo Zheng was quite knowledgeable. He had entered White Emperor City's treasury and Immortal Abode, but when he saw this extremely beautiful and extremely thin jade sword, he couldn't help but sigh in admiration.
The middle-aged shopkeeper smiled. "Jade Wave is naturally a good sword. It was made from the wings of a level-seven demon beast, the Golden Cicada!"
The Golden Cicada was an extremely rare demon beast. Although it wasn't as rare as the Fire Scorpion Lion, it wasn't far off. Cicada wings were difficult to obtain, but it was even more difficult to make a sword out of them!
The Golden Cicada's wings were tough and innately sharp, capable of cutting through iron like mud.
However, it was far from enough to make a sword. After all, while the wings were tough and sharp, they weren't tough enough. The wings were fine before they were taken off the Golden Cicada's body.
But once they were taken off, they would lose their vitality and become brittle. The slightest carelessness would cause them to shatter into pieces. It was even more impossible to make a sword out of them.
Therefore, after killing the Golden Cicada Master, he needed to soak the Cicada Master's blood in it and return to the capital within a day and a night to hand it over to Che Daozi. He needed to use a secret art to process the wings immediately!
Only then could they maintain their toughness to the greatest extent.
"Although this Jade Wave hasn't been refined into an immortal weapon, it should be one of the best among high-grade immortal weapons. It can be considered a high-grade spirit weapon! Its power is infinitely close to that of an immortal weapon! "The shopkeeper's face lit up with excitement.
Luo Zheng held the Blue Wave in his hand as he stood up and casually swung a few swords. Although he freely cultivated the Red Sandalwood Fist and not a swordsmanship cultivation method, the basic swordsmanship was a must-learn skill for every martial artist. When this set of basic swordsmanship was executed, it was like moving clouds and flowing water, extremely refreshing.
Furthermore, the Jade Wave sword was made from cicada wings. Cicada wings were different from metal. After all, cicada wings were grown, and they were filled with countless tiny holes. Luo Zheng tried to inject his Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence into the sword, and in almost an instant, the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence filled the sword body. The "Jade Wave" sword body immediately changed color, from its original dark green color to a purplish black color.
"Young Master Luo, what do you think of this' Jadewave '?" The middle-aged manager probed.
Luo Zheng nodded. "It's a good sword indeed! I'd like to ask, how much are the Nine-layered Edge and Jade Wave sold for? "
The shopkeeper pointed to the Nine-layered Edge and asked, "These two are both high-grade spirit weapons, but there's a big difference in price. The Nine-layered Edge's price is only 30,000 cubic crystal stones, while Jade Wave's price is 80,000 cubic crystal stones!"
Hearing the shopkeeper's price, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the price of a high-grade spirit weapon wouldn't be low, he didn't expect it to be this expensive.
However, Luo Zheng thought about it and calmed down.
Take his Fire Scorpion Lion's core as an example. A Fire Scorpion's core was auctioned for 70,000 cubic crystal stones, and the Jade Wave was made from the Golden Cicada's wings.
Although the Golden Cicada's wings weren't as rare as the Fire Scorpion's core, the price might be cheaper because the Golden Cicada's wings were mainly used to refine weapons or concealed weapons, while the Fire Scorpion's core could help a refiner or alchemist increase the power of their natal true flames.
However, the Golden Cicada's wings still needed to be refined. Moreover, this Jade Wave was made by the Weapon Refining Grandmaster Luo Zheng, so the price wasn't high. It could even be called cheap.
Luo Zheng didn't have that many cubic crystal stones on hand, but this problem could be easily solved.
The Tianlu Ticket Token Zhang Wuxian had given him allowed him to overspend cubic crystal stones. As for how much he could overspend, Luo Zheng believed that it wouldn't be a problem if he asked Zhang Wuxian. After all, he still had 50 drops of Sky Evolution Essence in Zhang Wuxian's hands.