At the last Tianlu Auction, a batch of Heaven's Derivation Essence was bought by someone else. The old monsters in the capital regretted it for a long time. If those old monsters had been present, the price of 50 drops of Heaven's Derivation Essence that day would have been more than a few hundred thousand cubes of crystal stones.
After Luo Zheng inquired about the price, he returned the "Jade Wave" in his hand. He then pointed to the third sword and asked, "Shopkeeper, may I know the name of this third sword?"
The middle-aged shopkeeper placed the "Jade Wave" firmly on the display table. He glanced at the third sword, then shook his head and said, "I don't recommend you to buy this third sword."
"Oh? Why is that? "Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
"This third sword is an unfinished product," the shopkeeper said slowly. "Che Daozi didn't sleep for a full day and night when he was refining this sword. After he withdrew his True Fire, he sat down and meditated. He never woke up again. That's how he passed away."
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. "In other words, Che Daozi died because he was refining this sword?"
"You can say that, but not really. Che Daozi's lifespan is nearing its end. He knew that he wouldn't be able to live for long. For him, refining an immortal tool is more important than living for a few more years. It's a pity that this sword has the potential to become an immortal tool. But because it's incomplete, it can only be a semi-finished product." The middle-aged shopkeeper shook his head and said.
"If it's only a half-finished product, why is it still here?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. "Would someone buy a half-finished product?"
"Hehe," the shopkeeper laughed. "A half-finished immortal weapon is naturally not an ordinary item. It's definitely valuable. If you don't believe me, Young Master Zhu, take a look …"
The shopkeeper finished speaking and took out the third sword.
Compared to the previous two swords, this third sword didn't look anything special. The surface of the scabbard was gray, and the entire sword didn't have any spirituality. If a sword was compared to a person, then the previous Nine-layered Edge was equivalent to a powerful man. As long as it stood there, it would give people an invisible pressure.
The second sword, Jade Wave, was like an elegant assassin. It was silent and abnormally fast.
The third sword looked fine on the outside, but it was like an idiot who had no thoughts at all. It had lost its inner self.
The middle-aged shopkeeper slowly pulled out the sword. The sword was almost complete. When Luo Zheng's eyes fell on the sword's edge, his eyebrows couldn't help but twitch. The sword's edge was unusually sharp, faintly emitting a sharp aura. But aside from the sword's edge, the sword's body, hilt, and scabbard were all dusty …
"This sword was actually almost complete. It's just that Che Daozi didn't finish the final process........ the final process.......... the process........................... . "The shopkeeper stroked the sword with his hand." The so-called condensation is to refine the Dao of Heaven's Divination into the weapon. Only in this way can the weapon be endowed with a true soul. Only in this way can all kinds of weapons and treasures be graded! We have placed this unfinished weapon here in the hope that a Weapon Refiner who is fated with it will buy it and complete it! "
"Condensation depends on the craftsman's understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination. Every craftsman has a different understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination. If an ordinary craftsman buys it, the condensation effect won't be very good. Maybe the grade of the refined weapon will be a Xuan Weapon?" Luo Zheng asked.
The shopkeeper nodded with a smile. "That's right. Our price for this sword is only 10,000 cubes of crystal stones. If some craftsmen buy it and have a deep understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination, they might get a Fairy Weapon. I'm afraid they can sell it for millions or even millions of cubes of crystal stones. It's just that many craftsmen have seen this sword over the years, but none of them have the confidence to refine it!"
"The so-called condensation is to refine one's understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination into the sword. What if the sword is directly infused with Heaven's Divination Essence?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hahaha." Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the shopkeeper suddenly laughed heartily. "Heaven's Divination Essence is the essence condensed from the Dao of Heaven's Divination. Its effect is naturally better than the Dao of Heaven's Divination!"
"Then why don't others buy it and infuse it with Heaven's Divination Essence?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
"That's a good question. First of all, Heaven's Divination Essence is very expensive and priceless. Moreover, this sword is an unfinished weapon. Who knows how much Heaven's Divination Essence it can swallow? Judging by the appetite of a Fairy Weapon, dozens or even hundreds of drops of Heaven's Divination Essence may not be enough to refine this sword. Moreover, with so much Heaven's Divination Essence, those craftsmen can directly refine a completed Upper Grade Spiritual Weapon. This way, whether it's in terms of choice or safety, the effect will be much better! "The shopkeeper said.
So that's why …
First of all, Heaven's Divination Essence was something that had a price but no market. It was something that would not be sold for years.
Moreover, if some craftsmen obtained Heaven's Divination Essence, they could choose to refine a Spiritual Weapon. Some of them had ready-made Upper Grade Spiritual Weapons, and these Upper Grade Spiritual Weapons were weapons that they were used to using. It was naturally better to refine their weapons into Fairy Weapons than to refine this unfinished sword.
However, this sword was suitable for Luo Zheng himself!
Luo Zheng still had a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. Although Luo Zheng had not completely mastered the crafting technique, the refining process was not difficult. Luo Zheng could give it a try!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and said to the shopkeeper, "I want this sword."
"Ah?" The middle-aged shopkeeper thought he had misheard. "You said you want the third sword?"
Luo Zheng nodded and said seriously, "I'll buy it."
"But … But …" The shopkeeper hesitated. In fact, he didn't tell Luo Zheng the truth. In principle, this sword shouldn't be for sale because it was entrusted with Che Daozi's unfinished will. The shopkeeper remembered that the owner of the pavilion once told him that if this sword meets a fated person, it could be turned into an immortal item. Even if it was given away for free, it would be worth it!
Seeing the shopkeeper's hesitant expression, Luo Zheng asked in puzzlement, "What's wrong? Isn't this sword priced at ten thousand crystal stones? Shopkeeper, do you think it's too little? "
"That's not it!" The middle-aged shopkeeper quickly waved his hand and said: "Of course there is no such thing. Young Noble Luo, I'll tell you the truth. Our Thousand Secrets Pavilion placed this sword here not because we want to sell it, but because we hope to attract a Tool Refiner to complete it. If anyone can complete this sword and refine it into an Immortal Tool, our Thousand Secrets Pavilion will give it to them for free … but … but …"
The shopkeeper looked at Luo Zheng. No matter how he looked, Luo Zheng did not look like a craftsman!
"Oh … so that's how it is. What if I insist on buying it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's not impossible …" The shopkeeper could not refuse a business that was delivered to his door. However, he could not make the decision for this sword. He said, "Then I'll go ask my boss! Wait a moment! "
After saying that, the middle-aged manager hurriedly ran to the side of the second floor.
Luo Zheng sat in the same place, quietly waiting. He was somewhat curious. Who was the boss of this Thousand Secrets Pavilion?
After waiting for about the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, the shopkeeper hurriedly ran over and said to Luo Zheng, "Young master Luo, our boss wants to see you."
Luo Zheng immediately stood up, and the middle-aged shopkeeper took out the treasured sword from the display table and continued to lead Luo Zheng forward.
After a while, Luo Zheng and the shopkeeper reached the end of the second floor. At the end was a narrow spiral staircase. After walking up the stairs, they arrived in front of a vermilion door.
The shopkeeper gently knocked on the vermilion door. Then he heard a hoarse female voice, "Please come in."
The boss of Thousand Secrets Pavilion was a woman?
Luo Zheng's face flashed a strange color. Without thinking much, he followed the shopkeeper into the door.
After opening the door, Luo Zheng saw a complete white tiger skin. On top of the white tiger skin, there was a woman sitting upright. At the end of the wall, there was a fireplace with a raging flame burning.
This woman was also very beautiful. Her hair was tied up in sections behind her head. Although her appearance was somewhat dark, it was because of this that she looked very charming. The woman was barefoot. She leaned on the tiger head on the tiger skin. She stretched out a hand to support her chin and looked at the door. Although it was already midwinter, she was wearing very little. Large pieces of her wheat-colored skin were exposed.
When the shopkeeper came in, his head was already lowered. He did not dare to look again.
When Luo Zheng looked over, he suddenly felt agitated. He suddenly felt that his whole body was being strangled by the woman's seductive appearance. His mouth was dry and his whole body was hot.
"This is a kind of charm technique!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He realized that his reaction was not normal.
In this world, there were some women who were born with the Art of Seduction. There were also some who cultivated it later in life. Some powerful Art of Seduction could even be used in battle to make the opponent unable to concentrate. There were even some who could capture the opponent with just a glance, making the opponent willingly surrender and be captured!
Luo Zheng didn't care if this woman was born with the Art of Seduction. He knew that his mind was indeed affected by her. No wonder the middle-aged shopkeeper lowered his head when he came in. He probably knew how powerful his boss's Art of Seduction was.
In the end, charm techniques were the same as illusions. They were all used to confuse the mind.
If one's soul force was strong, they would naturally not be afraid of the charm technique.