"Eh?" The woman exclaimed in a hoarse voice. She had not expected Luo Zheng to be able to resist her Charm Technique so quickly.
It must be known that the people who had the least resistance to charm techniques were the young people. The person in front of her looked to be only sixteen or seventeen years old. He was at the age where he was full of vigor and vigor. To be able to break her charm technique in such a short period of time was enough to shock her.
Therefore, the owner of Thousand Chance Pavilion became interested in Luo Zheng after just one meeting.
"You want to buy that sword?" The woman asked in a hoarse voice.
Although her voice was hoarse, it was extremely comfortable to hear. Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes."
"Oh …" The woman stroked the white tiger's fur. "Shopkeeper Qi didn't tell you? This sword isn't for sale. "
"Shopkeeper Qi did, but I insisted on buying it." Luo Zheng said.
The woman shook her head. "Che Daozi used the last part of his life to forge this sword. Che Daozi and my father were good friends. In his will, Che Daozi left instructions that if a weapon refiner could refine it into an immortal weapon in the future, he would give it to them for free. However, if he wasn't confident, he wouldn't sell it no matter how high the price was …"
Luo Zheng's lips curled up. "If I was confident in refining this sword into an immortal weapon, would you really give it to me?"
The middle-aged shopkeeper was startled by Luo Zheng's words. However, his boss was here and it wasn't his turn to speak.
The woman covered her mouth with her hand and laughed. "Young master, you must be joking. You're not even a weapon refiner and don't even have true fire in your body. How would you know how to refine?"
In fact, refining didn't require true fire, but those who knew how to refine were naturally weapon refiners. The woman saw that Luo Zheng cultivated true essence and didn't use true fire. Naturally, she doubted Luo Zheng's words. If one wanted to refine that sword into an immortal weapon, they had to be a weapon refiner first!
"You're wrong. I don't cultivate true fire cultivation methods, but does refining really require true fire in my body? Can't other unusual fires also be used to refine weapons? "Luo Zheng laughed.
The woman sighed. She was sure that Luo Zheng was fooling her. After all, she could tell at a glance whether he was a weapon refiner or not. No matter what, the young man in front of her couldn't be a weapon refiner. It was too easy to expose his lies. "Since you're a weapon refiner, show me your so-called unusual fire!"
After saying that, the woman flicked her finger, and the flames in the fireplace began to shrink. In the end, it shrank to the size of a palm, and the shape of the flame turned into the shape of a bird. It flew out of the fireplace.
.....
.................... but he didn't expect there.................
. The fire spirit was a very special kind of flame.
It was said that in ancient times, there was a clan that built a furnace. The furnace never went out. This clan was very powerful. In a thousand years, they gradually expanded their territory and became the largest clan in the ancient Eastern Domain. The original furnace had become the sacred fire of this clan. In the past thousand years, the sacred fire in the furnace never went out!
That flame burned for thousands of years. Finally, a fire spirit was born!
Burning for thousands of years could give birth to a fire spirit, and it was only a possibility!
It could be imagined that the fire spirit was extremely rare. Luo Zheng had absorbed the Earth Core Fire. He didn't know how long the Earth Core Fire had existed in the underground cave, but he had never encountered a fire spirit.
"I don't like others wasting my time. I hope you're not a liar," the woman said in a hoarse voice.
The little fire spirit circled around the woman's finger. It danced. From time to time, it stared at Luo Zheng with its green bean-sized fire eyes. It suddenly let out a cry, as if it felt the will of its master and threatened Luo Zheng.
Who was the owner of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion?
Since when was there such an expert hiding in the Burning Heaven Empire? Looking at the woman's age, she seemed to be in her early twenties. However, her strength was unfathomable. Luo Zheng couldn't see how strong she was.
Even the Blue Cloud Sect wouldn't be able to cultivate such a talent!
However, Luo Zheng was very calm when the other party asked him to demonstrate the flame. Instead, he said, "You mean, if I have a strange flame, you can give this sword to me for free?"
The woman smiled faintly and said, "Of course it's impossible. It depends on whether or not you're qualified. Che Daozi is an old senior, so I naturally have to help him fulfill his final wish. If you only use ordinary flames, you won't be qualified. How can I give this sword to you? If you leave the Thousand Secrets Pavilion and casually find a blacksmith to refine the sword into a high-grade or even mid-grade spirit weapon, then you'll be going against Che Daozi's wishes. "
Luo Zheng smiled and said to Shopkeeper Qi, "Can you leave for a moment?"
Shopkeeper Qi glanced at Luo Zheng and silently left the room. For Shopkeeper Qi, business was far more important than curiosity. This was the truth he had learned after so many years in the business world.
After Shopkeeper Qi left and closed the door, Luo Zheng communicated with the giant furnace in his mind.
Then, a pure black flame drilled out from between his eyebrows and floated in front of Luo Zheng.
Ordinary flames would generate heat. Even the fire spirit in the furnace couldn't completely restrain all the heat. It was only because the woman wasn't afraid of high temperatures that the firebird could dance around her hand. If it was an ordinary person, they would've been burned to a crisp by the fire spirit.
However, the black flame that Luo Zheng summoned seemed to have no temperature at all.
The moment the wisp of black fire was summoned, the Fire Spirit beside the woman's hand seemed to have met its nemesis. Suddenly, it began to tremble violently. On its bird-like body, traces of flames were constantly trembling!
The woman's pupils suddenly shrank. She looked cautiously at the black flame in Luo Zheng's hand, unable to hide the shock on her face!
The fire spirit in the woman's hand seemed to be unable to resist the fear of the black flame. While trembling, it suddenly circled in the air and then drilled into the furnace next to it.
"Your flame …" The woman said cautiously, "Is it a fire spirit?"
Luo Zheng let the black flame circle in the air for a while before calling it back. The black flame wasn't completely under Luo Zheng's control. It originally intended to come out to find food.
The black flame had a wide range of food. In addition to devouring divine weapons, other flames could also become its food.
Originally, when it found a fire spirit in its eyes, it became excited and wanted to rush over. However, it didn't expect Luo Zheng to order it to return to the furnace in his mind. Naturally, it was reluctant.
However, it lived in Luo Zheng's mind after all. Moreover, Luo Zheng had fed it a lot of weapons before. Therefore, after it circled in the air, it drilled into Luo Zheng's forehead again.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and said, "I don't know if it's a fire spirit or not, but I hope you will fulfill your promise!"
The woman obviously hadn't woken up from the shock of the black flame.
With her knowledge and experience, she had seen no less than a hundred types of Deviant Flames and Fire Spirits. With her knowledge, the power of a flame was not measured by the amount of heat it released or its destructive power, but by the degree to which the flame was restrained!
For example, the fire spirit beside her. If the power of the flame was restrained to the limit, it could fly close to the wood without igniting it.
This was an extremely powerful fire spirit.
However, when she saw Luo Zheng's black flame, it didn't seem to have any temperature. It was as if it was an icy existence. It was as if other than the shape of a flame, it wasn't actually a flame!
Just how powerful was this flame?
Luo Zheng didn't know the answer to this question, so the woman naturally didn't know either.
After all, until now, Luo Zheng hadn't found anything that the black flame couldn't destroy. Even if it was a high-grade profound weapon made of the hardest material, it would be instantly decomposed into Heaven's Essence under the burning of the black flame. In front of the black flame, everything was as soft as a candle.
The woman looked deeply at Luo Zheng with a trace of hesitation in her eyes. "Although you have an Mystical Flame, you are not a weapon refiner!"
"I am indeed not a weapon refiner, but I can become one. I am very confident that I can refine that sword into an immortal weapon," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
It was true that Luo Zheng hadn't mastered the technique of weapon refinement, but the problem was that he had an extraordinary amount of Heaven's Essence. He didn't believe that with so much Heaven's Essence, he couldn't refine that sword.
A person who wasn't a weapon refiner dared to say that he could refine an immortal weapon. If she hadn't seen Luo Zheng's strange flame, the woman wouldn't have believed it even if she was beaten to death. But now, she was a little shaken. This young man was obviously not an ordinary person. What other secrets did he have?
When did such a talent appear in the Eastern Region?
Thinking of her master's words and her father's instructions, she suddenly smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Since I said it before, I will do it!" With that, she clapped her hands. The middle-aged shopkeeper who was standing outside the door pushed open the door and came in. "Shopkeeper Qi, give that sword to him!"
Shopkeeper Qi's face showed hesitation. "This …"
The woman waved her hand. "I will give you the reward you deserve. Don't worry."
Upon hearing the woman's words, Shopkeeper Qi handed the sword in his hand to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took the sword and bowed to the woman with cupped hands. "Thank you for the sword!"
The woman nodded and said carelessly, "Although giving this sword to you isn't the best choice, there hasn't been a new weapon refiner in the Eastern Region for so many years. Wang Dai and another grandmaster aren't willing to make a move, so it's a waste to leave this sword here. If you are really confident, you can give it a try. Just like Che Daozi said in his last words, everything depends on the fated one!"
Luo Zheng nodded and thanked him again before leaving. He was overjoyed and could not wait to see how far he could condense the sword with the Heaven's Derivation Essence …
After Luo Zheng left, Shopkeeper Qi's expression suddenly changed. He looked at the woman with shining eyes and said, "You seem to have gone a bit overboard with your actions!"
The woman shook her head. Her eyes lazily looked at the raging flames in the fireplace. That Fire Spirit was still squatting in the fireplace, shivering. She said indifferently, "Rules? How many geniuses have appeared in the Eastern Region during these years? The only one left is still trapped in Purgatory Mountain. If they are allowed to continue messing around, I fear that this entire eastern region will be completely ruined! "
"But this brat is merely …" Shopkeeper Qi shook his head, still not agreeing with her words.
"Merely what? An Xiantian lifeform? My vision has never been wrong. I'm afraid that the Blue Cloud Sect alone won't be able to accommodate him. Just wait and see. It won't be long before he really has the qualifications to walk on the Blue Cloud Road! "The woman narrowed her eyes as she spoke. Her eyes were like those of a cat, exuding endless charm.
"You are this sure?" Shopkeeper Qi asked with a serious expression.
The woman suddenly turned around and pointed at the fireplace. She said to Shopkeeper Qi with a smile, "You weren't in the room just now, so I don't blame you for not knowing the situation. Look at the Vermilion Bird in the fireplace, it's so scared!"
Shopkeeper Qi looked over. The Vermilion Bird in the fireplace was currently shaking violently, as if it was greatly frightened …
Shopkeeper Qi's expression immediately changed. "This, why is the Vermilion Bird so scared?!"
＝＝＝＝＝