A crisp "ding" sound came from the crafting furnace, followed by black smoke billowing out from the crafting furnace.
The outer disciple looked back and his face turned ugly. "Oh no, what's going on? Is Senior Brother's Primordial Fire not enough? He can't suppress the materials in the furnace. The furnace is going to explode! "
The furnace was extremely hot, and the pressure inside and outside were different. In order to suppress the high pressure, the walls of the furnace were designed to be very thick.
Just relying on the walls of the furnace was not enough to suppress the energy in the furnace. Many times, rich experience and corresponding methods were needed to deal with the situation inside. When the materials were placed in the furnace, there would be a strange reaction. Every reaction had a different way of dealing with it, so experience and skills were especially important at this time.
This was also the reason why Xie Lang only had the strength of Half-step Innate, but the weapons he refined were far better than the Blue Cloud Sect disciples. Xie Lang was also restricted by the fact that no one taught him the orthodox refining methods. If there was an expert to guide him, Xie Lang would not only be able to refine the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon, but he might also be able to refine the Spiritual Weapon.
The Senior Brother of the 17th Academy, who was sitting at the top, had a very ugly expression.
An explosion was a big deal.
The crafting furnaces on Dipping Fire Peak were not cheap. Every crafting furnace was made of refined copper, and some rare metals were added to the inner walls. If the crafting furnace were to explode, no one would be able to bear the loss.
Therefore, at this moment, all the disciples of the 17th Academy were panicking.
"Mentor, I'll call the mentor!"
"This furnace will explode in the blink of an eye. By the time you call the mentor over, it will be too late!"
The inner and outer disciples were like ants on a hot pan, running in circles anxiously.
"Senior Brother, use your Primordial Fire to suppress it. Try your best to separate the sword embryo from the other materials in the furnace!" someone suggested.
The Eldest Senior Brother's face was covered in beads of sweat, and he kept pouring streams of True Fire into the crafting furnace. He clenched his teeth and said, "I've tried my best, but the sword embryo, Primordial Chaos Knot, and other materials are stuck together tightly. I really can't separate them!"
"Try your best, Senior Brother. Do your best!"
Faced with this sudden situation, Luo Zheng stood at the gate of the courtyard and blinked his eyes. Whether this crafting furnace exploded or not, it had nothing to do with him.
However, when he thought about how he originally wanted to borrow their crafting furnace, he decided to lend them a hand at this moment.
So Luo Zheng walked forward.
"What are you doing?" The previous Outer Sect disciple was also anxious at the moment, but he could only be anxious and couldn't do anything to help. Now that he suddenly saw Luo Zheng come in, he was angry. Now the courtyard was in a mess, and this brat actually came in to add to the chaos. Wasn't he looking for a beating?
Therefore, that Outer Sect disciple stretched out his fist and punched towards Luo Zheng.
Although the disciples of Dipping Fire Peak also cultivated, their main homework was refining weapons. Therefore, in terms of martial arts attainment, there was a big gap between them and the disciples of the 33 peaks. Even the weakest disciple, Xiao Yufeng, was far inferior to them, let alone this Outer Sect disciple who was only in the Marrow Refining Realm. How could his fist touch Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng just moved his feet lightly. Like a ghost, he suddenly sped up to avoid the punch and then walked towards the Senior Brother with unhurried steps.
The Outer Sect disciple's punch missed. He was stunned for a moment and realized that this brat's strength was extraordinary. However, at this moment, he didn't want this guy to get close to the Senior Brother. He hurriedly shouted, "Everyone, stop that guy. He's making trouble. Quick, quick!"
Under the Outer Sect disciple's shout, several other disciples also surrounded Luo Zheng. However, no matter how they tried to stop him, they couldn't affect Luo Zheng's speed at all. He just dodged a little and still walked over at an unhurried speed.
Such a strange movement technique and speed was an eye-opener for these disciples.
Then, some of them realized that since this person's strength was so strong, he could totally help the Senior Brother!
Luo Zheng was indeed planning to help the "Eldest Senior Brother". When Luo Zheng passed by the crafting furnace, his speed suddenly increased. Before the "Eldest Senior Brother" could react, Luo Zheng had already reached out and patted the "Eldest Senior Brother" on the back.
Although Luo Zheng's control of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence was not perfect, it was basically at a level where he could do it with ease.
For example, when Luo Zheng had just mastered the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence, he couldn't even control its devouring power. Now, Luo Zheng could completely control the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence. Most of the time, he could avoid the devouring power of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence. Therefore, in Luo Zheng's Dantian, half of the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence and the other half of the Red Sandalwood Vital Essence.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Relax!" Then, he patted the Senior Brother's back, and a steady stream of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence was poured into him.
The Senior Brother was originally a little nervous. He didn't know what Luo Zheng's actions were, but he didn't expect that Luo Zheng would pour Vital Essence into him. Moreover, this kid's Vital Essence was actually so vigorous and powerful.
He had already reached his limit. Using the Vital Essence in his hands to form a net of Vital Essence, he tightly bound the sword embryo and the materials that were undergoing violent changes in the crafting furnace. This was the only solution!
The more intense the sword embryo's reaction was, the faster the net of Vital Essence would be consumed. Seeing that his Vital Essence was close to exhaustion, once the sword embryo broke free from his Vital Essence, an explosion would inevitably occur.
But at this moment, he didn't have a better way. Other than bitterly holding on, there was no other way.
He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would give him such pure Vital Essence at this moment. For a moment, the Vital Essence in his hands suddenly became three times denser!
"Huff huff …" Streaks of fiery red Primordial Fire gushed out and continuously surged into the crafting furnace. The net of Primordial Fire formed by the Primordial Fire was instantly strengthened and firmly fixed the abnormal movements of the sword embryo.
When the disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard saw the Senior Brother's Vital Essence flourish, and then the reaction in the crafting furnace slowly stopped, they breathed a sigh of relief.
At this moment, the way they looked at Luo Zheng was completely different.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would have such strength that he could help the Senior Brother pass through this hurdle!
After the Senior Brother's Vital Essence Fire spewed out for a while, he slowly stopped. At this moment, bursts of white smoke were coming out of the crafting furnace, indicating that the situation in the furnace was still good.
Before the crafting furnace was opened, the craftsman could judge the success rate of the refining based on the smoke coming out of the crafting furnace.
If pure black smoke came out, then the success rate was pitifully small, about 10% to 20% of the refining success rate. If black and white smoke came out, then the success rate was 30% to 50%. If white smoke came out, it meant that the impurities in the sword embryo and materials were fully burned. The success rate was very high, about 80%!
This was the first time that the disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard were refining a High Level Profound Armament. They weren't sure about the success rate of the refining. As long as the furnace didn't explode during the refining process, even if black smoke came out, they could accept it. If white smoke came out, then they would thank the heavens and burn incense. But they didn't expect white smoke to come out of the furnace!
Seeing the white smoke, the faces of the disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard suddenly showed ecstasy.
They didn't expect that the first time they tried to refine a High Level Profound Armament, they would succeed. This was not a very common thing in the Dipping Fire Peak, so it was inevitable that they would be very excited.
Although the white smoke came out and the success rate was only 80%, it was enough to make them look forward to it!
The Eldest Senior Brother sat on the spot and let out a deep breath. A smile appeared on his face. The situation where the furnace was about to explode had been forcefully reversed. It was as if he had walked through a life and death crisis. However, the most important thing was that he had to thank the person who had helped him.
Therefore, the Eldest Senior Brother turned around and cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng: "Many thanks to this dear friend for lending a hand at the critical moment. If not, the situation just now would be very bad. My name is Xu Han, the Eldest Senior Brother of the Seventeenth Courtyard."
Luo Zheng returned the greeting and introduced himself: "Luo Zheng, Xiao Yufeng's Outer Disciple."
Xu Han nodded and asked: "Brother Luo Zheng, did you come to our Dipping Fire Peak to refine a Profound Armament? Although I, Xu Han, am not proficient in my skills, refining high grade Profound Armaments is still somewhat lacking. You have also seen that this time when I was refining high grade Profound Armaments, the cauldron exploded. However, low grade and middle grade Profound Armaments should not be a problem, I can help! "
People were like this. If you take the initiative to help others, others will also take the initiative to help you.
Luo Zheng helped Xu Han escape the fate of a furnace explosion. Now, Xu Han wanted to help Luo Zheng refine a Profound Armament as a reward to Luo Zheng.
Not to mention a Profound Armament, even a Spirit Armament was nothing in Luo Zheng's eyes. Therefore, Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a smile: "Many thanks for Brother Xu Han's good intentions, but there is no need. I only came here to borrow your furnace!"