It was the first time that an outer disciple of Xiao Yufeng had come to Dipping Fire Peak to borrow a crafting furnace.
Xu Han had indeed heard that some disciples were gifted geniuses who not only practiced martial arts but also had profound attainments in the art of crafting weapons.
But generally speaking, such disciples must have the support of aristocratic families. The crafting furnaces of those aristocratic families were much more advanced than the crafting furnaces of these disciples on Dipping Fire Peak. Why would they need to borrow one from them?
"That's true. I just want to borrow your crafting furnace. But don't worry, I won't let the furnace explode because I'm not using it to craft weapons, but to condense a weapon …" Luo Zheng explained.
This time, Xu Han was even more confused.
From Luo Zheng's tone, he was not a crafting master. But if he was not a crafting master, how could he want to condense a weapon? What the hell was this?
The so-called condensation was a crafting master condensing a trace of his understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination into a weapon. Only after condensation could the weapon produce a grade. It could be said that condensation was the most crucial part. The level of understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination directly determined the grade of a weapon.
As the saying went, without the skin, where would the hair attach?
If Luo Zheng was not a crafting master, how could he comprehend the Way of Heaven's Divination? Since he could not comprehend the Way of Heaven's Divination, what kind of condensation was he going to do?
Therefore, Xu Han felt that it was strange.
But …
Luo Zheng's request was not too excessive. If he only wanted to condense and not craft weapons, he could lend it to him. After all, there was no risk of the furnace exploding during condensation. As for whether it succeeded or not, it had nothing to do with Xu Han.
Besides, Luo Zheng had helped him a lot. If Luo Zheng had not appeared at this moment, the furnace in front of him would have been torn apart.
Therefore, Xu Han said, "If you only want to condense, it's not impossible. But you have to wait a while. I haven't condensed this upper grade profound weapon yet. It still needs some time."
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled. "Of course I can wait. You can finish your work first." With that, Luo Zheng stood aside.
Only then did Xu Han sit in front of the crafting furnace and release the Genuine Fire in his body again.
In fact, the condensation process did not require Genuine Fire. Whether it was Genuine Fire or Genuine Essence, one only needed to infuse Genuine Essence into the weapon according to his understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination to complete the condensation process.
If the heat of the True Fire was too high, it would not be good. Not to mention that the bottom of the furnace was originally connected to the volcanic vein. The underground lava continuously provided the furnace with heat. Even if the True Fire was not released, the temperature in the furnace would not be too low.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng had chosen to come to Dipping Fire Peak. Luo Zheng did not specialize in fire-attribute cultivation techniques. For example, the Heavenly Demon's Quintessential Essence could not be used to refine weapons. Although Condensation did not require high temperatures, it still required a certain temperature in the crafting furnace.
The crafting furnace on Dipping Fire Peak was Luo Zheng's best choice.
Luo Zheng stood aside and waited for a while. He saw Xu Han push the Genuine Genuine Fire into the crafting furnace.
Compared to the raging Primordial Fire from before, the Primordial Fire he sent in now was much weaker. Furthermore, when Luo Zheng looked carefully, he could feel that within this Primordial Fire, there seemed to be some power that he could not explain clearly!
Although the power hidden in the Genuine Fire was extremely small, it was difficult to completely ignore.
"This power should be Xu Han's understanding of the Way of Heaven's Divination!" Luo Zheng looked indifferently at the power hidden in the Genuine Fire.
The condensation process was the most critical stage in crafting weapons. Moreover, the duration of this stage could be long or short.
It was said that the length of the process depended entirely on one's perception and luck.
However, the length of time had little to do with the quality of the weapon.
In history, some craftsmen had left behind many legendary stories, especially the "condensation" stage. Because it involved the Way of Heaven's Divination, it was often said to be miraculous.
For example, someone had spent an entire month to refine a weapon! In this one month, he had been eating and drinking beside the crafting furnace. That crafting master felt that he had not condensed the weapon properly. After a month of continuous condensing, he opened the crafting furnace and really condensed a Celestial Artifact!
What's more, during the condensation process, he suddenly encountered a vision of heaven and earth. Lightning flashed, thunder roared, wind rose, and clouds surged. The whole condensation process only took the time it took to burn a stick of incense, and he also obtained a fairy weapon.
Because of this encounter, many inferior craftsmen misunderstood that crafting was a skill that depended on luck.
In fact, in the process of crafting weapons, there was a little bit of luck, but the most important thing was strength!
Generally speaking, the condensation process of an apprentice craftsman like Xu Han was not too short. It often took one to four hours.
However, Luo Zheng also had a lot of patience. He stood quietly by the side and did not say a word.
Unexpectedly, Xu Han's condensing process was very smooth this time. Only half an hour had passed by the sundial next to him. Xu Han withdrew the True Fire and then said with a smile, "It's done!"
The disciples of the 17th Courtyard who were waiting by the side also showed a happy expression. "Eldest Brother, it's really done!"
"Quick, quick, open the furnace and take a look. Take a look at the first Upper Grade Xuan Weapon of our 17th Courtyard!" Someone said urgently.
Xu Han walked to the side of the crafting furnace and reached out to open the lid of the crafting furnace. Before he put his hand in, Xu Han condensed a layer of True Fire on his hand and arm to protect his arm. At this time, the temperature in the crafting furnace was quite high, he had to use his own True Fire to resist the high temperature in the furnace to prevent himself from being burned.
By the time Xu Han retracted his hand, there was already a sword in his hand.
The treasured sword was silver-white in color. It shone brightly under the sun, sparkling with sparkling light.
"The grade has really reached the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon. I'll call this sword 'Seeking Water Sword'!" Xu Han held the sword in his hand and carefully looked at it. Xu Han's Junior Brothers swarmed around it, wanting to see the elegance of this Upper Grade Xuan Weapon.
Luo Zheng also slowly walked to Xu Han's side and said with a smile, "Congratulations, Brother Xu Han, for refining a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon."
Xu Han saw that Luo Zheng faintly glanced at the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon he had just refined. It seemed that the Upper Grade Xuan Weapon was not very pleasing to his eyes. Xu Han asked, "I've finished condensing. When will you use the crafting furnace?"
"Then let's use it now," Luo Zheng replied.
Xu Han stepped aside and waved his hand, "Please, Brother Luo Zheng, help yourself."
Xu Han was indeed curious. What kind of medicine was Luo Zheng selling in the gourd? A person who was not a craftsman, what kind of weapon did he want to condense?
Luo Zheng lightly tapped his Sumeru Ring and took out the sword from it.
Xu Han and the other disciples of the Seventeenth Courtyard saw the weapon in Luo Zheng's hand and their faces were suddenly shocked!
As craftsmen, they were quite sensitive to the quality of weapons!
Although the sword in Luo Zheng's hand had not been condensed, it was obviously not an ordinary weapon. It obviously came from the hands of a Master.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to put the sword into the crafting furnace, Xu Han stretched out his hand to stop him, "Brother Luo Zheng, the sword in your hand is extraordinary. If you ask a craftsman to condense it, it can at least condense a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon!"
Xu Han's meaning was very clear. Luo Zheng was not a craftsman. If such a beautiful sword was condensed by Luo Zheng, it would be destroyed by him. That would be a real waste of God's gift!
Since Luo Zheng was able to obtain such a treasured sword, he presumably was not someone who couldn't afford it. If he hired a good Blacksmith, he wouldn't need a Blacksmith Grandmaster to condense it into a high-grade spirit weapon. A high-grade spirit weapon! Just thinking about it made Xu Han excited.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head.
If he needed a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon, why would he spend so much effort? Wouldn't it be better to just buy one? Moreover, last time in the treasury of White Emperor City, Luo Zheng also had the opportunity to choose a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon. However, he gave up at that time and chose two crystals instead.
This time, he tried to use the Heaven's Divination Essence to condense an Immortal Weapon!
"Brother Xu Han, I appreciate your kindness. I just want to try and see if I can condense it successfully," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xu Han felt like crying. How much of a wastrel was this guy? He wanted to try out such an exquisite weapon. Did he know what the price of trying it out was?
Weapons could not be condensed repeatedly. If the condensation was not successful, the weapon would basically be scrapped! Luo Zheng was basically playing with a Upper Grade Xuan Weapon …
Xu Han really wanted to stop Luo Zheng. However, he was not the owner of the sword. Naturally, he could only speak to the point. Seeing Luo Zheng's firm attitude, he had no reason to stop him.
Like Xu Han, the disciples of the 17th Academy were speechless at this moment. Some of them even showed anger on their faces. Obviously, they were deeply dissatisfied with Luo Zheng's waste.
Facing those regretful and angry gazes, Luo Zheng acted as if he did not see them and put the sword into the furnace.
"Hey, you don't use True Essence to protect your body?" Xu Han found another strange thing about Luo Zheng. He noticed that when Luo Zheng put the sword into the furnace, there was no protection on his hand. The problem was that Luo Zheng was not burned!
"Oh, the temperature in this furnace is not high, so I don't need to use it," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"…"
Xu Han was completely speechless. Although Luo Zheng had just transferred a thick amount of True Essence to Luo Zheng, Xu Han knew that Luo Zheng was very strong. However, the furnace was connected to the underground fire vein. Moreover, he had just used True Essence to roast it, so the temperature was not ordinary.
If a pig was thrown in now, it would only take two breaths of time to roast the pig inside and out.
Luo Zheng put his hand in and acted as if nothing had happened. It was really unreasonable.
＝＝＝＝＝