After putting away the treasured sword, Luo Zheng closed the door of the furnace and walked to the top, which was where Xu Han was refining. This place was right in front of the furnace's fire outlet.
After Luo Zheng sat down, a ball of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan appeared in his hand.
This ball of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan wrapped around his hand.
The Sky Evolution Essence was of great importance, so he had asked Zhang Wuxian to help him auction it. On one hand, he trusted Zhang Wuxian, and on the other hand, besides Zhang Wuxian, Luo Zheng had no better way to sell the Sky Evolution Essence. However, he didn't want to let a third person know that he had the Sky Evolution Essence except for himself and Zhang Wuxian.
As for the disciples of the 17th Courtyard, Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't let them know about it.
In order to achieve this effect, Luo Zheng could only do a little trick. The Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan was thick and was purple-black in color. He wrapped the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan around his hand with the Sumeru Ring, and then took out a batch of Sky Evolution Essence from the ring.
The Sky Evolution Essence was mixed in the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan and couldn't be seen from the outside.
After preparing, Luo Zheng spurted the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan into the crafting furnace's fire mouth. The Sky Evolution Essence was wrapped in the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan, so he couldn't guarantee that it was flawless. A real master would still be able to see it.
However, Luo Zheng believed that the disciples of the 17th Courtyard absolutely wouldn't be able to detect it.
The Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan formed a thick line and continuously poured the Sky Evolution Essence into the crafting furnace drop by drop.
Seeing the purple-black Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan, Xu Han's eyelids twitched. No wonder he felt that Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan was very thick. This purple-black Zhen Yuan was indeed extraordinary. Although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage, his strength couldn't be underestimated.
However, although this purple-black Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan was special … it was useless for refining tools.
Xu Han clearly saw that this Zhen Yuan didn't contain the slightest trace of the Sky Evolution Dao. Luo Zheng didn't have any comprehension of the Sky Evolution Dao, so how could it be used for refining?
The other disciples of the 17th Courtyard sighed.
Alas, it seems like this Luo Zheng was just messing around. What a waste of such a good sword …
Luo Zheng was too lazy to care about what they thought. At this moment, he was concentrating on refining.
Luo Zheng did not understand the Dao of Heaven's Divination. In fact, he could not be considered to have condensed it. He could only be considered to have watered it with the Heaven's Divination Essence. It would depend on the grade of the sword that would be watered in the end.
Actually, Luo Zheng was a little uncertain. After all, this was his first time using the Heaven's Divination Essence to water a weapon. He might end up with a Xuan weapon or even a useless one if he used the wrong method.
After injecting the Heavenly Demon True Essence into the crafting furnace, Luo Zheng manipulated the Heavenly Demon True Essence to cover the treasure sword.
— —
The magma in the underground fire vein slowly flowed through the tunnel dug under the crafting furnace. Through heat conduction, the high temperature was continuously transmitted upwards.
The treasure sword was placed in the furnace and was baked by the heat emitted by the magma. During the refining process, a certain temperature had to be maintained. The temperature in the crafting furnace was neither too high nor too low. It was very suitable.
After the Heavenly Demon True Essence covered the treasure sword, the first drop of Heaven's Divination Essence was supported by the True Essence and dripped onto the blade of the treasure sword.
The moment the drop of Heaven's Divination Essence touched the blade of the treasure sword, a metallic ripple formed on the smooth blade. The ripple did not spread over a large area. It stopped after a few inches, leaving a demonic pattern on the blade.
Immediately after, the second drop of Heaven's Divination Essence also dripped onto the blade, leaving behind a similar pattern.
As the Heaven's Divination Essence increased, it fell onto the blade like raindrops. Patterns bloomed on the blade of the sword one after another.
At this moment, the Heaven's Divination Essence in Luo Zheng's ring was continuously being sent into the crafting furnace through the Heavenly Demon True Essence.
If some famous craftsmen saw Luo Zheng using the Heaven's Divination Essence like this, they would probably vomit blood in anger.
How precious was the Heaven's Divination Essence?
Generally speaking, using the Heaven's Divination Essence to refine a weapon would only be used on the most important part of the weapon. As the saying goes, good steel should be used on the blade.
If they were to use the Heaven's Divination Essence to refine a sword, the Heaven's Divination Essence would only be used on the blade. If the amount of Heaven's Divination Essence was insufficient, the Heaven's Divination Essence might be accurately placed on the blade of the treasure sword.
Although this would greatly reduce the effect of the Heaven's Divination Essence, it was something they had no choice but to do.
However, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest intention of conserving the Heaven's Divination Essence. He allowed the Heaven's Divination Essence to drip freely. Therefore, not only did the Heaven's Divination Essence enter the blade of the sword, but even the hilt of the sword was filled with Heaven's Divination Essence!
However, even this treasure sword could not absorb the Heaven's Divination Essence endlessly. There was a limit, and this limit depended on the craftsmen's skill in refining weapons.
In one breath, Luo Zheng sent hundreds of drops of Heaven's Divination Essence into the furnace. The entire treasure sword was enveloped by the Heaven's Divination Essence. The entire blade, hilt, and tip of the sword had been completely absorbed. It could be said that the Heaven's Divination Essence was close to saturation!
At this point, Luo Zheng withdrew the Heaven's Divination Essence that had not been absorbed from the furnace and flowed back into Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring.
At this point, the refinement was basically complete. The time taken from start to finish was not very fast. In total, it took less than an incense stick's worth of time.
Seeing Luo Zheng gradually pull apart the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy, the disciples of the 17th Academy were still baffled. Xu Han was even more stunned. He asked, "Is the refinement finished?"
According to their knowledge of refining weapons, the refinement time varied. However, Luo Zheng's refinement time was simply too short. It was so short that it defied common sense!
Just from this point alone, Xu Han could confirm that Luo Zheng was completely teasing them!
Luo Zheng smiled. "The refinement is complete!"
"Then, Brother Luo Zheng, please open the furnace and let us see the result." Xu Han did not have any malice. He was really curious about what Luo Zheng wanted to do.
Luo Zheng walked to the front of the furnace. The moment he opened the lid of the furnace, a silver-white light suddenly shot out from the furnace's interior!
"Buzz buzz buzz!"
The silver-white light shot out from the mouth of the furnace and hit the wall beside the 17th Academy. A layer of the wall was abruptly removed by the silver-white light.
The moment Luo Zheng reached into the furnace and took out the treasure sword, the silver light from the treasure sword soared into the sky. An invisible wave spread out from the treasure sword to the surroundings!
"Buzz …"
At this moment, everyone on Dipping Fire Peak sensed that something was wrong!
Behind Dipping Fire Peak, that earthfire vein that extended from Purgatory Mountain ultimately gathered here, forming a deep pool that was one zhang in size. However, what this deep pool contained wasn't water, but rather surging magma, which was why this place could be called a fire pool.
Around the fire pool, there were two weapon refiners sitting on the side. They continuously summoned the true fire in their bodies and mixed it with the magma in the fire pool.
These two weapon refiners were the instructors on Dipping Fire Peak. One of them was called Yan Jie, and the other was called Jiang Min. Both of them had reached Xiantian seventh stage. Although their strength was not high, their attainments in weapon refinement were not bad. Although they were far from the level of a master, they were more than enough to be instructors on Dipping Fire Peak.
In order to make their true fire purer, weapon refiners would often choose to visualize flames.
There were many types of flames. The magma that erupted from underground could be considered one type. Only, the flames within magma were too berserk.
Through visualization, one could indeed greatly increase the power of one's true fire. However, the true fire would also become berserk and difficult to control.
That was why when the two of them visualized this fire pool, they would take a 'Clear Mind Pill' every incense stick's worth of time. When the Clear Mind Pill entered their mouths, it would produce a wave of yin and cool energy.
In reality, weapon refiners mostly cultivated fire attribute techniques, so this type of cold energy was a great taboo. However, that wave of yin and cool energy could move through their entire bodies, helping them suppress the berserk aura within the magma, calming their minds.
Right when they were concentrating on visualizing the magma in the fire pool, suddenly, a silver wave swept past their bodies, moreover quickly spreading into the distance.
The two's expressions immediately changed.
"This wave of fluctuation … this is a weapon refined by someone!" Yan Jie's face revealed an extremely serious expression, but he still wasn't willing to give his judgment.
Beside him, Jiang Min was the first to speak out, "This is the aftermath of a magic weapon being refined!"
Generally speaking, all ranked weapons, even if it was a low-grade profound level weapon, would produce a small wave of fluctuation when it was refined. It was just that the fluctuation was very light and ordinary people would not be able to detect it.
However, the fluctuation produced by a spiritual weapon was more objective. Even ordinary people could see it with their naked eyes, but the range of the fluctuation was only a few feet.
Although the fire pool where Yan Jie and Jiang Min were at was not far from Dipping Fire Peak, the fluctuation of a spiritual weapon naturally could not spread here!
Only when a Fairy Weapon was refined could it possibly release such a violent fluctuation!
Looking at the manner of the fluctuation, it spread to the fire pool without the slightest sign of stopping, spreading into the distance. The two of them could not determine the grade of this weapon.
"Who on earth is refining a Fairy Weapon on Dipping Fire Peak?" Yan Jie asked with a frown.
"Could it be that Qian Yu is refining a Fairy Weapon?" Jiang Min could not think of anything, so she could only guess.
Refining weapons was not the forte of the Blue Cloud Sect. From the situation at Dipping Fire Peak, it could be seen that out of the hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect, only a mere thousand people were willing to embark on the path of refining weapons.
In all these years, the Blue Cloud Sect had only produced one Weapon Refining Grandmaster, who was also one of the three great Weapon Refining Grandmasters in the Burning Sky Empire. He was Qian Yu.
Jiang Min had just voiced her thoughts when Yan Jie immediately rejected it, "Impossible, Qian Yu is a Weapon Refining Grandmaster, how could he be willing to refine weapons on Dipping Fire Peak?"
The furnace used by the disciples on Dipping Fire Peak naturally could not enter Qian Yu's eyes. The Blue Cloud Sect had spent a lot of money to prepare the "Nine-patterned Earth Dragon Furnace" for Qian Yu. The Nine-patterned Earth Dragon Furnace was a treasure that was not inferior to a Fairy Weapon in the eyes of a Weapon Refiner.
How could he, who was used to using the Nine-patterned Earth Dragon Furnace, be willing to use an ordinary copper furnace on Dipping Fire Peak?
Jiang Min also said, "I also think it's impossible, but only Qian Yu can refine Fairy Weapons in the Blue Cloud Sect. How could others refine Fairy Weapons?"
"Since we can't understand, why don't we go to the scene and see?" After Yan Jie finished speaking, he got up and rushed towards the Dipping Fire Peak. Jiang Min also followed closely behind him. Although both of them were refiners, their strength was also at the Xiantian seventh stage, so their speed was not slow. They arrived at the Dipping Fire Peak almost in an instant.
In the 17th Academy.
At this moment, the sword in Luo Zheng's hand had completely changed.
Although the shape of the sword had not changed, its appearance was still very ordinary before it was smelted.
However, at this moment, the entire sword was brimming with a peculiar silver light. If one were to look carefully, one would be able to faintly discern traces of runes on the body of the sword.
Xu Han and the disciples of the 17th Academy were completely dumbfounded.