Weapon refiners were most sensitive to weapons and magic treasures.
Although Xu Han couldn't believe that Luo Zheng could condense an immortal weapon, it was an iron-clad fact in front of him.
Luo Zheng gently held the sword hilt and swung it in a circle. His face showed a very satisfied expression.
He noticed that there was a pattern at the bottom of the sword. The pattern was somewhat different from the spirit pattern on Luo Zheng's body. In comparison, it looked more complicated and the shape was more beautiful.
This pattern was not a spirit pattern, but an immortal pattern.
There was an immortal pattern on the sword, which meant that the sword in Luo Zheng's hand was an immortal weapon!
After swinging the sword in a circle, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and stabbed upward.
"Whoosh!"
A bright silver sword light shot out from the tip of the sword. The sword light was so sharp that it directly penetrated the eaves on the side.
The eaves on Dipping Fire Peak were made of steel, but they were penetrated by the sword light like mud.
Moreover, Luo Zheng didn't use the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence. This sword light was the "skill" of the sword itself, which was the skill of an immortal weapon!
"This sword has no name because it's not completed. Since I'm the one who condensed it, I'll give it a name. It'll be called" Flowing Light "!" Luo Zheng said in his heart.
Who knew that when Luo Zheng thought this, he suddenly felt the "Flowing Light" tremble.
"Eh?" Luo Zheng looked at the Flowing Light Sword curiously. He heard that after a magic weapon entered the rank, it would slowly awaken a part of its own consciousness. Although it couldn't directly communicate with its owner, it was enough to establish a certain connection with its owner. This was the so-called "Profound Enlightenment of Sword Intent".
What's more, after the Sword Intent slowly awakened, it would condense into a Sword Nascent Soul! At that time, the sword would be equivalent to his own avatar!
However, whether or not the Flowing Light Sword could condense into a Sword Nascent Soul was something that would happen a long time later. Luo Zheng didn't consider it now.
The huge commotion had attracted almost all the disciples on Dipping Fire Peak. Regardless of whether they were in black robes or white robes, they all crowded at the entrance of Courtyard 17 and stuck their heads out to look inside.
They were naturally curious as to who had created such a huge commotion in the 17th campus.
For a time, the entrance of the seventeenth courtyard was also packed with people!
Not far away, two figures sprinted over at an extremely fast speed and stopped steadily at the entrance of the 17th compound. The two people were Yan Jie and Jiang Min, who had rushed over from the fire pond.
When the two of them saw the situation at the entrance of the Seventeenth Courtyard, they didn't need to ask to know that the shockwave just now had come from here. This saved them the trouble of going from house to house to house.
When the disciples who had gathered at the entrance of the Seventeenth Academy saw that it was their teacher, they all made way for him.
Before Jiang Min entered, she asked, "Who was refining just now?"
Yan Jie's gaze was even sharper. When he entered the Seventeenth Academy, he glanced around and fixed his gaze on Luo Zheng and the sword in his hand.
When he heard Jiang Min's question, the Eldest Senior Brother of the Seventeenth Academy, Xu Han, quickly came over and bowed to Jiang Min. "Mentor Jiang, I was refining just now."
"You!" Jiang Min misunderstood. When she heard Xu Han's words, she thought that the person who had created such a huge commotion was Xu Han! There weren't many disciples on Dipping Fire Peak, so Jiang Min knew every one of them very well.
Xu Han was also a disciple with some talent. If he worked hard in the future, he might become a good refiner.
However, with Xu Han's talent, he could only reach the level of an ordinary Weapon Refiner. At most, he could refine a middle grade Spirit Weapon. If he worked hard enough, he could still become an excellent Weapon Refiner and refine a high grade Spirit Weapon.
However, Xu Han was destined to never become a refiner! It was absolutely impossible! Not to mention that he could refine an immortal weapon now?
Therefore, Jiang Min didn't believe it at all. However, when she saw Xu Han's serious expression, it didn't seem fake. Jiang Min was confused for a moment …
In contrast, Yan Jie was much calmer than Jiang Min. He asked, "What weapon were you refining just now? Was it the sword in the young man's hand? "
Xu Han realized that Jiang Min had misunderstood his words. He quickly waved his hand and said, "Mentor Jiang, you misunderstood. I didn't refine that sword. Just now, I refined a high-grade mystic weapon with the disciples of the Seventeenth Academy. That young man is Luo Zheng, Xiao Yufeng's disciple. He didn't refine the weapon just now. He just condensed the sword!"
"Condensed an immortal weapon?" Yan Jie asked.
"Yes …" Xu Han nodded.
When Jiang Min and Yan Jie heard Xu Han's affirmative answer, they suddenly fell silent.
This answer shocked the two of them. It was not much less shocking than when Jiang Min misunderstood that Xu Han had refined an immortal weapon.
The disciples of the Thirty-Third Peak were all warriors who focused on cultivation. They didn't know how to refine weapons, but to be able to refine an immortal weapon?
The two of them had been immersed in refining weapons for so many years, but this was simply unheard of. This sounded like a fantasy story. It was already against common sense. It was simply impossible!
In order to confirm what had happened, Yan Jie stepped forward and asked, "Did you refine this sword?"
Luo Zheng waved the sword in his hand and said with a smile, "You mean this Flowing Light Sword? Yes, I did refine it. "
Hearing Luo Zheng admit it so easily, Yan Jie took a deep breath. Thousands of questions emerged in his mind. He couldn't help but ask, "How did you do it?"
Luo Zheng slowly put the Flowing Light Sword back into the scabbard and said with a smile, "I can't say."
Yan Jie's question was indeed a bit excessive.
No matter if it was a warrior or a refiner, they all had their own secrets. No one would be stupid enough to share these secrets with others. This was absolutely a big taboo.
If it was Qian Yu refining weapons here, Yan Jie wouldn't dare to ask this question even if he had a hundred times the courage.
But Yan Jie subconsciously regarded Luo Zheng as a junior.
In Yan Jie's view, Luo Zheng was a teenager with a strength of Xiantian first stage. He was an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
And he was a mentor of the Blue Cloud Sect. Although he was not a mentor of the Thirty-Third Peak, but a mentor of the Dipping Fire Peak, his status was much higher than that of a disciple.
Hearing Luo Zheng evading the question, Yan Jie was somewhat unwilling, especially since this kid still had an immortal weapon in his hand!
An immortal weapon, given to an outer disciple, wasn't this a reckless waste of God's gift? The changes in people's hearts were complicated. Yan Jie, who originally just wanted to find out, suddenly had a greedy thought. He exchanged glances with Jiang Min, who was next to him, and Jiang Min's eyes also flashed with a trace of greed.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was like a child with a treasure in his hand. And from Luo Zheng's mouth, there should be a big secret about the way of refining weapons! If they could get the immortal weapon in his hand and coax out Luo Zheng's secret, then Yan Jie and Jiang Min could really be regarded as having a meteoric rise.
They would no longer have to squat in the Dipping Fire Peak and endure hardships every day, teaching a group of disciples with average talent …
If they grasped the secret in Luo Zheng's hand, they were afraid that they could become the new master refiners of the Eastern Territory, and their status would be comparable to Qian Yu's!
What's more, Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe. He was just an outer disciple, and he was 100% sure that he had no background. If he was a descendant of a landowning family, he would immediately enter the inner court after entering the Blue Cloud Sect. How could he still be an outer court disciple? Moreover, this kid wanted to refine weapons, but he didn't even have a crafting furnace, and needed to come to the Dipping Fire Peak to borrow this copper furnace …
Once a person had evil thoughts, it was difficult to stop.
Yan Jie laughed. "What's the name of Xiao Yufeng's disciple?"
"My name is Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng responded faintly.
"Luo Zheng, right? Since you refined such an amazing weapon on our Dipping Fire Peak, we need to record it for you. Can we talk in private?" Yan Jie said in a low voice.
"Oh?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, then nodded and replied, "Okay."
Although he agreed on the surface, Luo Zheng sneered in his heart. How could he not see that these two people were greedy for him?
Yan Jie and Jiang Min didn't make too much of a cover-up. In their view, as the mentors of the Dipping Fire Peak, the entire Dipping Fire Peak belonged to them. Luo Zheng was just a small outer court disciple, and it was impossible for him to overturn the heavens on the Dipping Fire Peak!
If it weren't for the presence of so many disciples, perhaps the two of them would have already revealed their ferocious side.
An immortal tool and the method to refine immortal tools … whether it was the former or the latter, they were both things that could drive a craftsman crazy!
But what they didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't put Yan Jie and Jiang Min in his eyes.
Yan Jie and Jiang Min were only in the Xiantian seventh stage, not to mention that they were craftsmen, so their fighting strength was reduced. How could they be Luo Zheng's opponents?
If these two people really had any evil intentions, Luo Zheng didn't mind teaching them a lesson. It was also a good opportunity to test the power of the Flowing Light Sword he had just refined.
Now that Luo Zheng had agreed, the rest of the matter would be easy to handle. Yan Jie was suddenly overjoyed. He even suspected that Luo Zheng was a fool. For him, the more foolish Luo Zheng was, the better. It would be best if he could obediently hand over the immortal tool and the secret of refining immortal tools, so that he wouldn't have to waste a lot of effort!
"Disperse! Disperse! What's there to see? " Yan Jie waved to the disciples at the door. After driving them all away, he said to Luo Zheng, "In that case, Luo Zheng, you come with me."
Then Yan Jie walked in front, Luo Zheng walked in the middle, and Jiang Min walked at the back. The two of them intentionally or unintentionally surrounded Luo Zheng in the middle, for fear that this "fool" would run away.
But they also felt that this was superfluous. With the strength of the Xiantian first stage, how could Luo Zheng escape from their hands? If this guy didn't hand over the immortal tool and his secret, it was impossible for him to leave the Dipping Fire Peak.