This courtyard was a place for their mentors to rest, so there was naturally no one else present.
After entering the courtyard, Yan Jie stared at the treasured sword in Luo Zheng's hand. The treasured sword had already been sheathed.
Generally speaking, when a treasured sword was sheathed, its sharpness would be completely restrained. This was because all the sharpness of a sword was concentrated on the blade. Once the blade was sheathed, it would naturally be completely concealed.
Most blacksmiths also followed this rule. When refining a treasured sword, they would try their best to choose the best materials, regardless of whether it was the blade or the hilt. However, when refining, they wouldn't be willing to condense the Heaven's Divination Dao into the hilt. That would be too wasteful …
However, Yan Jie and Jiang Min noticed that after Luo Zheng sheathed the treasured sword, the hilt also exuded a mighty aura.
In other words, during the smelting process, he actually wasted his comprehension of the Heaven's Divination Dao on the sword hilt …
Heavens! Although they didn't know how this kid was able to comprehend so much Heaven's Divination Dao and refine a sword to such an extent, they could imagine that the secret Luo Zheng possessed was definitely no small matter!
When they thought of this, Yan Jie and Jiang Min's hearts immediately burned with passion.
"I really didn't expect that you would be able to refine an immortal weapon at your age. Have you given your treasured sword a name?" Yan Jie asked.
Generally speaking, blacksmiths would give their weapons a name after refining them. This was considered branding the weapon they had refined. Luo Zheng's treasured sword didn't have a name because Che Daozi hadn't finished refining it. He had entrusted his hopes to someone else, so naturally, Luo Zheng would be the one to name it.
Luo Zheng answered honestly, "This treasured sword is called 'Flowing Light'."
"Flowing Light? Flowing like clouds and flowing water, like light and dust. Good name! "Yan Jie nodded." Good name! Can you lend me this sword to take a look? "
In response to Yan Jie's request, Luo Zheng shook his head. He wasn't a fool. Martial artists regarded their weapons as important as their lives. There was once a martial artist who said a wise saying, "Don't lend out your weapon or your woman on the bed!"
Although Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had just been successfully smelted and Luo Zheng did not rely on the sword to fight, this did not mean that he could casually give this sword to others.
After Luo Zheng refused, Jiang Min, who was next to him, chimed in, "Instructor Yan is a refining master. Although he is not at the level of a grandmaster, he can help you see if there are any shortcomings in this Flowing Light Sword. We are all instructors of the Blue Cloud Sect, so you don't have to be too cautious."
Luo Zheng still refused. He just smiled and said, "Just now, Instructor Yan said that he would take me here to make a record. I don't know what kind of record it is. If you want to make a record, I can cooperate with you. If there is nothing else, I will leave first."
How could Yan Jie and Jiang Min let Luo Zheng go so easily?
In the hearts of the two, the fairy weapon in Luo Zheng's hands was already meat in their mouths.
Even if they had to take a little risk and really kill Luo Zheng here, so what? For a fairy weapon, it was absolutely worth taking this risk! What's more, they had the final say on Dipping Fire Peak. Although the disciples below knew about this matter, as long as they did this matter beautifully, which disciple would dare to go out and say anything?
"This record is indeed necessary, but the most important thing is, what means did you use to smelt this fairy weapon?" Jiang Min did not like to beat around the bush like Yan Jie, so she asked directly.
Luo Zheng was used to this kind of straightforward approach. He immediately said, "Didn't I just say it? I definitely can't answer this question! "
"I'm afraid you can't not answer. You are a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. If you have any discoveries, skills, or secrets, you should share them with the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect's cultivation of you is not in vain," Yan Jie said with a smile. His words were very beautiful, and at the same time, his words also revealed his dense fangs.
"Ah? I smelt the fairy weapon myself. Do I have to go through the Blue Cloud Sect? Do I have to share it with the Blue Cloud Sect? That doesn't make sense, does it? " Luo Zheng pretended to be naive, but in his heart, he was constantly sneering. These two guys finally showed their true colors.
Yan Jie nodded and said with a smile, "This is inevitable. Otherwise, why would the Blue Cloud Sect spend so much manpower and material resources to cultivate outer disciples like you?"
"What if I don't say it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Jiang Min stretched out her hand, and a flame suddenly appeared in his palm. Then she said coldly, "If you don't say it, I'm afraid you won't be able to walk out of Dipping Fire Peak!"
Luo Zheng looked at the flame in Jiang Min's hand, and the smile on his face slowly disappeared, replaced by a cold expression. "Is that so? I think the strength of the two mentors is only at the Xiantian seventh stage. With your strength, I'm afraid you can't keep me here! Since the two mentors insist on making trouble for me, Luo Zheng, then I can also try the power of this Flowing Light Sword! "
After that, Luo Zheng gently rubbed his thumb and pushed the scabbard away. His other hand stretched out to pull out the Flowing Light Sword, and pointed the sword tip at the two mentors. His eyes were indifferent, as if he didn't put the two mentors in his eyes.
Jiang Min and Yan Jie did not expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly be so unyielding. What did they hear from this kid's words? His strength was only at the Xiantian seventh stage? Even if the two of them were not good enough, they still had the strength of the Xiantian seventh stage, and Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian first stage! Why didn't he put the two of them in his eyes?
"Hehe, I didn't expect that Xiao Yufeng, ranked last, could cultivate such an arrogant disciple. He is only at the Xiantian first stage, but he dares to look down on us. Interesting, interesting!" Yan Jie laughed and also stretched out his hand, and a blazing purple flame appeared in his hand.
Every refiner cultivated a different flame.
The flame in Jiang Min's hand was pink, and it was constantly spreading like a delicate peach blossom. This kind of flame didn't seem to be very powerful, but if it was really burned, the temperature and destructive power would be very astonishing!
In contrast, Yan Jie's flame was dark purple, and around the flame, small wisps of flame were constantly emitted. Although the power of this dark purple flame was inferior to the pink flame in Jiang Min's hand, his flame had a special feature, and that was, it was indestructible.
The so-called indestructible flame was not really indestructible, but rather, his purple flame could ignite almost everything in the world, even on the surface of the water, so it created the illusion of an indestructible flame.
As for the real indestructible flame, it was naturally far from something that a refiner of this level could obtain.
Jiang Min was still unwilling to give up and continued to threaten, "I advise you to obediently hand over the secret of refining weapons and the treasured sword in your hand. Otherwise... I can use the flames in my hand to burn your body inch by inch!"
A wisp of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan gushed out from Luo Zheng's body and condensed in Luo Zheng's fists. A part of it even spread in Luo Zheng's hand and climbed along the flowing light sword. Under the stimulation of the Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng's imposing manner became extremely astonishing.
"You are the mentors of the Blue Cloud Sect, but you're acting like a robber. But have you ever thought about it? Since I came to the Dipping Fire Peak to refine an immortal tool, I'm naturally not afraid of you knowing. Since you're greedy, you'll have to pay the price for your greed! "Luo Zheng sneered.
"Jiang Min, don't talk nonsense with this brat. First, control him and then force him to tell us the secret!" When Yan Jie saw Luo Zheng's astonishing aura, he had a bad feeling in his heart, but this bad feeling didn't have any effect on him, after all, in his opinion, Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian first stage, so how could he be so strong?
Jiang Min didn't hesitate and waved her hand. Two groups of peach blossom like flames rolled towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng used the flowing light sword for the first time and he used the basic swordsmanship.
Since the basic swordsmanship was full of the word basic, it was the most basic swordsmanship. There were not too many tricks in the basic swordsmanship.
And the things that didn't have too many tricks were often the most practical.
Of course, this didn't mean that the basic swordsmanship was necessarily the best swordsmanship. It was precisely because there were too many people who practiced the basic swordsmanship that everyone was very familiar with the basic swordsmanship. Therefore, every time a move was used, the opponent would easily think of a way to break and restrain it.
The problem was … …
Luo Zheng's arm was inlaid with a piece of Phoenix Soaring Crystal. Using the energy provided by this Phoenix Soaring Crystal, Luo Zheng's sword could reach a terrifying degree of speed.
No matter what it was, if it reached an extreme speed, it would completely change its character. If a flying flower or a falling leaf reached an extreme speed, it could also injure people.
Facing the two blazing balls of flames flying towards him, Luo Zheng sneered and suddenly attacked with the flowing light sword in his hand. His moves were two simple straight thrusts!
"Xiu xiu!"
The flowing light sword was like a stream of light.
The tip of the sword sank into the two balls of flames and a little bit of Sky Demon Zhen Yuan was injected into them.
In the process of flying, the two balls of flames began to change color. First, they were pink, then they turned purple, and then slowly turned into purplish black … …
The Zhen Yuan practiced by refiners was actually a kind of Zhen Yuan. But, they could practice fire attributed power techniques and constantly visualize flames, so they could transform their Zhen Yuan into flames. Therefore, Sky Demon Zhen Yuan could devour these flames.
By the time the two balls of flames flew in front of Luo Zheng, they had been completely devoured and transformed by Sky Demon Zhen Yuan.
Luo Zheng used his left hand to gently lift the two balls of purplish black Zhen Yuan fire. Luo Zheng smiled faintly: "I wonder if you plan to use this to burn my body?"
Because of Luo Zheng's Spirit Artifact Physique, his body was not afraid of being burned by flames. It could be said that he could completely restrain martial artists who practiced fire attributed power techniques. Moreover, the Zhen Yuan fire of these refiners was used to forge weapons and not to kill enemies. Its power was much weaker than that of martial artists who practiced fire attributed power techniques.
Seeing Luo Zheng directly take away her Zhen Yuan fire, Jiang Min was shocked. Yan Jie's expression was also very unsightly.
Even the Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect were shocked when they discovered the strangeness of Luo Zheng's power technique. The vision of these two refiners was naturally far inferior to the Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect. At this moment, they even couldn't understand what was going on with the purplish black Zhen Yuan in Luo Zheng's hand.
Yan Jie reacted faster than Jiang Min. He already knew that he had encountered a tough opponent, but at this moment, he could only act decisively. After all, the gap between Luo Zheng's cultivation realm was right in front of him. Therefore, as soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the purple Zhen Yuan fire in his hand turned into a thin rope and coiled towards Luo Zheng.
Facing the rope of Zhen Yuan fire condensed by Yan Jie, Luo Zheng could completely stand in place without dodging.
When the Zhen Yuan fire approached him, he would directly devour it with the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence.
However, today, Luo Zheng had obtained the Flowing Light Sword. It was inevitable that he was itching to test his skills, so he gave up on using the Heavenly Devil Vital Essence to break the purple fire. Instead, he used the Flowing Light Sword to meet it.
"Basic Swordsmanship, Slashing Sword!"
The Basic Swordsmanship was divided into 17 groups. This Slashing Sword was to swing the sharp sword from top to bottom. It was an extremely ordinary swordsmanship move.
The moment Luo Zheng's sword slashed down, he used the "Flick Sword" again and raised his sword again.
These two ordinary moves were exerted by Luo Zheng's extremely fast speed. The Flowing Light Sword moved up and down and instantly cut the rope of Zhen Yuan fire into countless pieces. Of course, an ordinary sword couldn't cut the rope of Zhen Yuan fire. After all, Zhen Yuan fire wasn't a physical entity. Even if it was cut, it could still fuse back together.
However, Luo Zheng held an immortal weapon in his hand. Even though Luo Zheng was still unable to exert the true power of the immortal weapon, every time the sword chopped out, the sword rays flowing from the Flowing Light Sword would cut off the Zhen Yuan fire and slowly dissipate the Zhen Yuan fire layer by layer.
Under Luo Zheng's cutting, Yan Jie's rope of Zhen Yuan fire was like a long bamboo that was cut into nothingness by the Flowing Light Sword.
＝＝＝＝＝