Seeing that their Real Fire attacks had no effect, Yan Jie and Jiang Min looked at each other and finally revealed a hint of fear in their eyes.
Perhaps they were really wrong. They shouldn't have regarded Luo Zheng as an ordinary outer court disciple, and they shouldn't have only paid attention to his cultivation!
Xiantian first stage, able to condense an immortal tool, strange True Essence …
How could such a guy be an ordinary person?
Previously, their minds were indeed dominated by greed, and they didn't think about it realistically. Now that their attacks had been easily resolved by Luo Zheng, they carefully thought about it and felt that something was wrong.
Perhaps, this kid was not a character they could afford to provoke.
However, it didn't matter whether they could afford to provoke him or not. Since they had already started, there was no turning back. Not to mention that they hadn't used their full strength. If they had, it would have been hard to say who would win.
The most important thing was that once they subdued Luo Zheng, not only could they obtain a ready-made immortal tool, but they could also obtain the secret of condensing immortal tools that Luo Zheng had mentioned!
As the saying goes, wealth comes from danger. Whether it was a warrior or a refiner, in order to surpass the present and obtain the status they had always dreamed of, they had to pay a considerable amount of risk. Both of them believed that this risk was worth taking.
"Jiang Min, don't hold back!" Yan Jie's eyes were like an eagle's as he stared at Luo Zheng. Then, he took out a spear from his Sumeru Space. The tip of the spear was flowing with traces of blood-red light, while the shaft of the spear was engraved with two spiritual inscriptions.
This spear was a middle-grade spirit weapon, called the Fire Beacon Spear. It was Yan Jie's proudest masterpiece in his life.
At the same time, Jiang Min also pulled out a demon-head broadsword from her Sumeru Ring. On the demon-head broadsword, two spirit patterns were engraved. This demon-head broadsword was also a middle-grade spirit weapon!
Generally speaking, it was difficult for warriors who weren't born in a great aristocratic family to have a particularly good weapon. However, as refiners, these two certainly didn't lack money. The key was that the two middle-grade spirit weapons in their hands were refined by themselves.
Luo Zheng stood with his hands clasped behind his back. His sword was placed horizontally in front of his chest like a crouching dragon. He looked at the two coldly.
Yan Jie pinched the spear shaft, and the Fire Beacon Spear trembled. Wisps of purple True Fire poured into the spear, and the purple True Fire followed the veins in the spear shaft all the way to the tip of the spear, gushing out from the side of the spear tip. The purple True Fire was like the tassel of the Fire Beacon Spear.
Jiang Min also brandished the Ghost Head Saber. The Ghost Head Saber should have been refined using an evil technique. As it was brandished, a series of ghostly wails and wolf howls resounded in the air. It was extremely tragic.
At this moment, the two of them didn't hesitate at all. They attacked Luo Zheng from both sides, one on the left and one on the right.
Although they were blacksmiths, they had stayed in the Blue Cloud Sect for so many years. Although their attainments in martial arts were not as good as their attainments in blacksmithing, the gap was not too big.
"Purple Dragon Pierces the Sun!"
Yan Jie aimed the long spear at Luo Zheng and shook it. The whole spear bent into a bow, and then suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng. The power of this spear was naturally not low!
"Fierce Ghost Devours the Sky!"
Jiang Min also slashed at Luo Zheng from the air. A black Saber Qi slashed toward him. That Saber Qi not only brought with it the sound of whistling wind, but also the sound of ghostly wails and wolf howls.
Facing the joint attack of the two, Luo Zheng's footsteps were light, and he retreated two steps.
Yan Jie's Fire Beacon Spear was one step ahead of Luo Zheng's chest. Luo Zheng just slightly leaned to one side and avoided the tip of the Fire Beacon Spear. However, the moment he avoided the tip of the Fire Beacon Spear, an Astral Spear was shot out from the tip of the spear. The Astral Spear was extremely fierce, and it actually went straight for Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng sneered. The Flowing Light Sword in his hand gently blocked the Astral Spear with the body of the Flowing Light Sword.
Generally speaking, swords were rarely used for defense. This was because the body of the sword was not wide enough, and it was easy to break.
When the Astral Spear hit the Flowing Light Sword, the Flowing Light Sword was completely bent into a bow. However, the Flowing Light Sword was an immortal weapon. Even if it was bent to this extent, there was no possibility of it breaking!
After blocking Yan Jie's Astral Spear, Luo Zheng took advantage of the opportunity to move forward. At this time, he used the Basic Sword Technique.
"Upward Sword!"
"Ding!"
With a simple lift of the sword, Yan Jie's spear was pushed away at an extremely fast speed.
"Hanging Sword!"
"Collapsing Sword!"
Then Luo Zheng used two more sword moves. The Hanging Sword directly hung the Fire Beacon Spear on the ground, and the Collapsing Sword went straight for Yan Jie.
Luo Zheng's series of movements were so fast that Yan Jie almost didn't have time to react. His Fire Beacon Spear was chopped to the ground by Luo Zheng. By the time he realized it, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had gone straight for his face.
Yan Jie's face showed a look of fear. Probably because he was close to death, he felt that time was passing very slowly at this moment. Looking at the bright silver flowing on the Flowing Light Sword, he was afraid that Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword could take his life. He couldn't help but shout in his heart, "My life is over!"
Even though he knew that he couldn't avoid Luo Zheng's sword, he still raised his arm reflexively to protect his chest.
"Puff!"
The tip of the Flowing Light Sword pierced his arm, passed through the two tibia bones in his arm, and came out from the other end of his arm. Its momentum didn't decrease, and it still went straight for Yan Jie's chest. Just as the tip of the sword cut through his robe and pierced his skin, it suddenly stopped.
Yan Jie's face was full of astonishment. He could feel a chill transmitted from the tip of the sword in his chest. How could this sword, which was sure to kill him, stop just like that?
Then Yan Jie looked at Luo Zheng's cold expression. He snorted and immediately withdrew his sword. Apart from his arm being pierced by Luo Zheng, Yan Jie didn't have any other wounds. But the Flowing Light Sword was extremely sharp. When the sword was withdrawn, it didn't even bring out a drop of blood. It only left a thin wound, and for a while, blood still flowed out.
But this kind of injury could only be considered a minor injury for a Xiantian lifeform. Yan Jie had thought that he would die for sure. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would hold back. For a moment, Yan Jie was somewhat at a loss.
Luo Zheng withdrew his Flowing Light Sword, and turned around to launch an "Upward Chop".
Jiang Min's Saber Qi rolled over. The Saber Qi emitted a gloomy feeling, which made people's hearts palpitate.
"Bang!"
The brilliant silver sword radiance blossomed like a meteor on the horizon. It collided with the Saber Qi in an extremely sharp manner. The moment the sword radiance and the Saber Qi collided, those ghost-like wails and wolf-like howls became even louder. One by one, the virtual shadows of black skulls floated around the Saber Qi. They opened their big mouths, and stared at Luo Zheng. It seemed that they wouldn't stop until they had swallowed him.
But the sword radiance of the Flowing Light Sword was extremely sharp. The collision of the Saber Qi and the sword radiance only lasted for a moment. Then, that astonishing Saber Qi was cut into countless fragments by the sword radiance.
After the Saber Qi collapsed, the fragments shot out in all directions, and the originally flat ground became full of holes.
The Flowing Light Sword in Luo Zheng's hand rotated at will. Luo Zheng walked step by step towards Jiang Min.
At this moment, Jiang Min's face was full of panic.
The "Ghost-Like Wails and Wolf-Like Howls Chop" he used just now was the strongest Saber Technique he had cultivated. At that time, in addition to this Saber Technique, he could even forge this Ghost Head Saber. The Cultivation Method and this Ghost Head Saber, a middle-grade Spirit Weapon, complemented each other, and even gave him the ability to challenge those of a higher rank.
Jiang Min's Refining Technique might not be as good as Yan Jie's, but in terms of fighting strength, Jiang Min's strength was absolutely remarkable among the Refining Masters.
But Luo Zheng had only used one sword, and what he used was the most basic Basic Sword Technique?
All martial artists in the early stages of cultivation would practice various skills, fist techniques, basic Saber Techniques, basic Sword Techniques … After they grew up, they would choose the direction of development according to their own characteristics. Jiang Min had chosen the path of a Refining Master, but she still knew the Basic Sword Technique.
Since Luo Zheng was only willing to use the Basic Sword Technique, it meant that he didn't originally use a sword!
Then, Luo Zheng must have other means that he hadn't used yet. Just the Basic Sword Technique was enough to deal with her!
She couldn't possibly be this person's opponent …
Just as this thought arose, it had already taken control of her brain at an uncontrollable speed. At this time, Jiang Min only had one thought left, and that was to escape.
Just as Jiang Min had just dropped the Ghost Head Saber and was about to turn around and run away, Luo Zheng said, "I let the guy behind you go, so naturally I won't kill you. What's more … do you think you can escape?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Jiang Min suddenly stopped. What Luo Zheng said was reasonable. With her strength, she couldn't escape even if she wanted to. What's more, she had just seen Luo Zheng clearly stab Jiang Min with her sword, but Jiang Min didn't fall down. She was originally wondering if Luo Zheng had held back.
Luo Zheng wasn't a kind person. On the path of a martial artist, kindness to others was cruelty to oneself. He was very clear that if he couldn't defeat these two people today, the biggest possibility was that he would be imprisoned by them and forced to reveal the secret of how he could condense a fairy weapon.
Whether he answered or not, he would eventually become a mute corpse and be taken to a hidden mountain. As time passed, he would turn into a pile of yellow soil.
If today was outside the Blue Cloud Sect, he would never have shown mercy. Those who dared to have ideas about him must die.
However, these two people were after all mentors of the Blue Cloud Sect. It was no secret that he had come to Dipping Fire Peak. If he really killed them because of this, and the Blue Cloud Sect investigated, he was afraid that it would cause a lot of trouble for himself and Su Lingyun.
"I let you live because you are mentors of the Blue Cloud Sect, although I also want to kill you two scum!" Luo Zheng said to Yan Jie and Jiang Min indifferently, "Since I let you live, I think you should understand a principle, which is to keep your mouths shut. Also, tell your disciples not to spread it everywhere!"
If this hadn't happened, it would have been difficult to make them keep their mouths shut.
However, as mentors, they were greedy for Luo Zheng. They were probably even more unwilling to spread this kind of scandal than Luo Zheng.
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Yan Jie immediately said, "Don't worry, we won't spread this matter around!"
"Those disciples are all my students. If I tell them to keep their mouths shut, they won't dare to say a word." Jiang Min also swore to the heavens.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "I just want you to be careful. It's not a big deal if it really spreads. You're on your own in the future!"
There were thousands of people on Dipping Fire Peak, and hundreds of them had seen Luo Zheng condense a fairy weapon. At this moment, the disciples on Dipping Fire Peak had probably spread the news to everyone. Luo Zheng didn't believe that they could really control so many people's mouths.
After Luo Zheng left, Yan Jie wiped the sweat on his forehead. Fortunately, Luo Zheng still had some scruples. Otherwise, he and Jiang Min would definitely be dead today. Moreover, according to Luo Zheng's words, he didn't let him and Jiang Min go entirely out of scruples. He felt that this guy didn't put them in his eyes at all!
"Young people nowadays are each more ruthless than the last." Jiang Min picked up the ghost head broadsword from the ground. He hadn't completely extricated himself from the horror just now.
"You're wrong. It's not that young people nowadays are ruthless." Yan Jie shook his head. In addition to his fighting ability, he was much better than Jiang Min in both knowledge and vision. "Young people nowadays are still the same. It's just that in our Blue Cloud Sect, there is one more ruthless person."
He had the strength to challenge a Xiantian seventh stage master and defeated them so easily. His strength was simply unfathomable. What was even more exaggerated was that he could condense a fairy weapon! This kind of person had never appeared since the establishment of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Humph, so what if he's ruthless? He's just an outer disciple. I must find an opportunity to plot against him! "Jiang Min said indignantly. Obviously, he was still somewhat unwilling.
Yan Jie shook his head and sneered. "Plot against him? Haha, Jiang Min, I don't want to criticize you, but you don't think before you speak. He just doesn't want to care about us. You still want to plot against him? I think you're courting death! "