Luo Zheng naturally had more than this amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. He had more than 600 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence and entrusted Zhang Wuxian to auction off 50 drops. He still had more than 500 drops left. He had used more than 100 drops to smelt the Sword of Light. Including the bottle in his hand, Luo Zheng still had 400 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence left.
"Since it's so easy to sell, will the 100 drops be auctioned off in two batches of 50 drops or one batch of 100 drops?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This … this, of course, will be auctioned off in one batch of 100 drops!" Zhang Wuxian was so excited that his voice suddenly became louder. However, he quickly covered his mouth. After all, he could not reveal that the Heaven's Divination Essence was obtained from Luo Zheng. His fat head looked left and right twice.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Don't worry, no one will notice us!" Luo Zheng's soul power was much stronger than Zhang Wuxian's and Xiao Yufeng's. Even if he closed his eyes, he could tell if anyone was watching him.
"If they want to upgrade a low-grade immortal weapon to a middle-grade immortal weapon, 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence might not be enough. Therefore, no blacksmith will hold back during the smelting process. They will put all the Heaven's Divination Essence in one go. The more Heaven's Divination Essence there is, the higher the success rate!" Zhang Wuxian said.
For example, if 50 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were put into a low-grade immortal weapon, the probability of upgrading it to a middle-grade immortal weapon was only 20%. However, if 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were put into a low-grade immortal weapon, the probability of upgrading it to a middle-grade immortal weapon was 50%!
Therefore, the value of 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence was actually higher than 50 drops.
Just like when Luo Zheng smelted the Sword of Light, putting all the Heaven's Divination Essence into the Sword of Light was actually the right way to do it. However, Luo Zheng was too wasteful. He did not pay attention to the important parts and almost wrapped the entire sword with the Heaven's Divination Essence … It could only be said that Luo Zheng had too much Heaven's Divination Essence.
"If that's the case, I'll leave it to you, Brother Wuxian!" Luo Zheng handed a small bottle filled with 100 drops of Sky Amplification Essence to Zhang Wuxian.
The 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence were squeezed into the small bottle like independent little fairies. They emitted a silvery-white glow that was very enchanting. Seeing so much Heaven's Divination Essence, Zhang Wuxian felt that it was unreal. God knew where Luo Zheng had gotten so much Heaven's Divination Essence!
This involved Luo Zheng's secret, so Zhang Wuxian certainly wouldn't speak out of turn. He only carefully placed it into his spatial ring, and then said with a serious smile, "I will definitely live up to Brother Luo Zheng's trust!"
Luo Zheng took out 100 drops of Heaven's Divination Essence for the second time. According to Zhang Wuxian's judgment, Luo Zheng definitely had a lot of Heaven's Divination Essence in his hands, and there were probably more than 100 drops. Luo Zheng had either found a secret place with a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence available, or he had found a way to refine Heaven's Divination Essence! However, whether it was the former or the latter, it was Luo Zheng's own opportunity.
Now that Luo Zheng was short on money, Zhang Wuxian had given him another 250,000 square crystal stones at a critical time. For him, this could be considered a solution to his desperate situation.
The next day, Luo Zheng went to the point exchange office and exchanged the 50,000 square crystal stones for 25,000 points. Without stopping, he rushed to the Seven Star Sword Light Platform.
Like the Fantasy Fish Pond, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was also a cultivation mystic realm. However, the Fantasy Fish Pond was built a long time ago, and could only accommodate one person at a time. On the other hand, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform could accommodate several hundred people cultivating at the same time!
Luo Zheng thought that if several hundred people cultivated together, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform wouldn't be like the Fantasy Fish Pond, where one would have to wait. Previously, when Luo Zheng went to the Fantasy Fish Pond, he would often encounter people cultivating inside, and he would have to wait outside for several hours. Sometimes, he would wait for more than one person, because before Luo Zheng went, there would already be others waiting.
Although the Fantasy Fish Pond was expensive, it was surprisingly effective in tempering one's cultivation. Not to mention, several hundred points was an astronomical number for an ordinary disciple, but it wasn't worth mentioning for the great aristocratic families.
But when Luo Zheng arrived at the Seven Star Sword Light Platform, he was immediately dumbfounded. In front of him was a long line of people. The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was already overcrowded, and there were several hundred people lining up …
"How could this be?" Luo Zheng looked at the dense crowd and slowly walked over.
The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was completed six years ago. It was said that when a family was excavating ore deposits in the north, they dug up a ten zhang tall and three hundred zhang wide polar spirit stone. After the Blue Cloud Sect found out, they spent a large amount of money to buy that polar spirit stone.
Such a huge polar spirit stone, even the almighty of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't transport it all at once. In the end, the huge polar spirit stone was cut into six pieces, which were loaded onto a giant flying chariot and transported back.
Then, the array masters of the Blue Cloud Sect set up an illusion array and borrowed the power of the polar spirit stone to hone their sword skills!
Although the Seven Star Sword Light Platform could also be used to hone their saber, spear, and staff skills, everyone discovered that the Seven Star Sword Light Platform had the best effect on honing their sword skills. In addition, the Blue Cloud Sect had the most sword practitioners, so slowly, the Seven Star Sword Light Platform became a place that specialized in cultivating sword skills.
If you came with a large saber, they wouldn't even let you enter.
Luo Zheng walked to the front of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform and quickly discovered that there were two lines in front of him. He frowned slightly. Could it be that the line here required the landowning household document to have priority?
This line was as long as a dragon, and there were hundreds of people. Moreover, they had to wait for the disciples on the Seven Star Sword Light Platform to give up their positions before they could enter. One could imagine how long they had to wait. Now that the All-Peak Tournament was approaching, almost all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were seizing the time to cultivate. Therefore, the time they had to wait in line outside was quite long.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that some people in this line had already waited for a day or even longer!
As for the other line, although they were also waiting in line, their speed was much faster. On the other hand, there were only a dozen people in the line.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng still walked toward the line with fewer people.
"Brother, why are there fewer people in line here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The person Luo Zheng asked was a black-robed disciple. That person turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe, his face revealed a look of contempt. "Why don't you go over there and line up?"
"Why? Is it possible that outer sect disciples aren't allowed to line up here? "Luo Zheng saw that the people in line were all wearing black robes, so he asked this question.
That person laughed twice. "Haven't you seen the strength of this line? This line is for the eighth, ninth, and tenth floors of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform! If you don't have the strength, go over there and line up. The line over there can enter the first to the seventh floors! "
"Oh! I see! "Luo Zheng nodded. He had a rough idea of what to do.
It turned out that the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was not the same as the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool. Because the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool had been built for a long time, the level design was not so reasonable. As a result, every time Luo Zheng entered the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool, he had to dive down from the first floor.
Because the first 150 meters of the Fantasy Fish Deep Pool was of little help to Luo Zheng's practice, every time he dived down, he had to waste a lot of time.
The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was different. It was directly divided into levels. The weaker disciples would choose the first to the seventh floor to practice, while the stronger disciples would choose the eighth to the tenth floor to practice.
The black-robed disciples lining up here were not weak. Basically, they were at the Xiantian Seventh Stage to the Xiantian Ninth Stage, and one of them was even at the Peak of the Xiantian Realm. No wonder they were lining up here.
Such being the case, it was easy for Luo Zheng to make a choice.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not practice any swordsmanship. Moreover, he was still using the basic swordsmanship. However, in terms of real fighting strength, he believed that he would not lose to these black-robed disciples in front of him. Since they could choose to line up here, Luo Zheng could also challenge the eighth floor and above.
Therefore, Luo Zheng stood quietly at the back of the line.
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not move, the black-robed disciple in front of him turned around and said: "What's wrong? It seems that this is your first time to practice on the Seven Star Sword Light Platform. Let me kindly remind you that the most important thing is to choose the difficulty that suits you. Although there is an illusory formation in the Seven Star Fractal Platform, the Magnetic Aurora extracted from the Extreme Earth Spirit Stone is real. If you are not careful, you may be seriously injured! Think about your own strength! I advise you to line up over there! "After saying this, the black-robed disciple pointed to the long line next to him.
The black-robed disciple's voice was so loud that it immediately attracted the attention of the disciples who were lining up next to him.
Although the Seven Star Sword Light Platform only required 80 points to practice for two hours, and the price was different according to different levels, but it was still not something that ordinary outer court disciples could afford.
Therefore, in this long line, most of the disciples were black-robed disciples. Only a small number of disciples were wearing white robes. These outer court disciples were probably from well-off families, so they could afford the cost.
At this moment, they found out that Luo Zheng was actually a white-robed outer court disciple!
At the front of the line, Luo Zheng was basically wearing a uniform black robe. Only Luo Zheng was wearing a white robe, which suddenly appeared very conspicuous.
Not to mention, among the black-robed disciples in front of Luo Zheng, the lowest realm was at the Xiantian seventh stage, eighth stage, and even one of them was at the peak of the Xiantian realm. However, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage …
Many people laughed in their hearts when they saw this scene. There were always some people in this world that didn't know their own weight. Once that white robed disciple that overestimated his ability entered the Seven Star Sword Radiance Platform and suffered a great loss, he naturally understood …
Luo Zheng naturally did not care about other people's opinions. As for the black-robed disciple's "kind words", Luo Zheng just smiled and said: "I appreciate your kindness, but I just want to give it a try!"
The black-robed disciple saw that his persuasion was ineffective and did not bother to persuade him again. He just shook his head and muttered in a low voice: "You overestimate yourself!"
Luo Zheng did not line up for long. After a while, more than 20 people came down from the Seven Star Sword Light Platform. The strength of these people was not ordinary. Each of them was a sword cultivator, and they all carried their treasured swords on their backs. They did not put them in their Sumeru Rings.
Many sword cultivators, in order to hone their sword intent, kept their treasured swords close to their bodies. No matter what, they would not separate their swords.
Seeing that the chests of this group of sword cultivators were engraved with the same kind of runes, Luo Zheng knew that they should be the elite inner court disciples of a certain mountain peak to come here to practice.
After that group of people came out, Luo Zheng's line began to file in.
＝＝＝＝＝