When it was Luo Zheng's turn, Luo Zheng handed the disciple card to the deacon at the door. The deacon kept his head down and received the disciple cards one by one without looking up. But when he saw that Luo Zheng's disciple card was an outer disciple's token, he was stunned. When did outer disciples come here to join in the fun? Since he became a deacon here, he had never received an outer disciple.
The deacon raised his head with a look of astonishment. He looked at the name on Luo Zheng's disciple card and said slowly, "This disciple named Luo Zheng, we are going to the eighth floor of the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform. With your strength, I'm afraid it's not suitable for you to go in. You'd better line up at the side!"
The black-robed disciple who had kindly advised Luo Zheng had already finished registering. At this time, he turned back and said, "It's useless. I just told him that he insisted on going to the eighth floor!"
The deacon thought that Luo Zheng was not clear about the rules of the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform and was about to explain it to Luo Zheng. But when he heard the black-robed disciple's words, he understood that Luo Zheng originally intended to enter the eighth floor …
"Cough cough … this disciple, there is not only an illusory array in the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform, but also the magnetic aurora contained in the polar spirit stone. It can also hurt people!" The deacon continued to persuade.
"It's useless. I just told him that he still wants to go in," the black-robed disciple said again.
The deacon was at his wit's end and could only shrug his shoulders. He was only a deacon on the Seven Star Sword Radiance Platform and not Luo Zheng's teacher. His greatest duty was to inform Luo Zheng of the dangers and difficulties involved, but Luo Zheng simply didn't listen to his advice, so what else could he do?
So the deacon took Luo Zheng's disciple card and took out another token to give to Luo Zheng. He realized that it was Luo Zheng's first time entering the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform. At the same time, he told Luo Zheng, "With this token, you can choose the difficulty when you enter the Sword Light Platform. Different difficulties will deduct different points …"
"Okay, I'll keep that in mind." After Luo Zheng received the token, he followed the black-robed disciples inside.
The Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was a very large and beautiful building. From the outside, it looked like an observation platform. In front of Luo Zheng, there were small terraced terraced platforms. The edges of the platforms were built with a circle of white marble railings. The railings were carved with all kinds of fierce beasts, dragons, and snakes.
After walking for a short distance, a small bridge appeared in the air. The width of the small bridge was only about the width of one person, and it was impossible for two people to cross side by side. Thus, all the disciples entered in a single file.
After walking for a while, the small bridges diverged, and each small bridge led to a platform.
The black-robed disciple in front of Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and asked Luo Zheng with a smile, "Which platform do you choose?"
The difficulty of each platform was different. The rightmost platform was marked with the word "Eight", which was the eighth level of difficulty. The left platform was marked with the word "Nine", which was the ninth level of difficulty. The center platform was marked with the word "Xi", which was the tenth level of difficulty.
Luo Zheng had come here for the first time, so he didn't have a rough idea of the difficulty of the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform. He shrugged his shoulders and said, "I don't know. Which difficulty do you choose? I'll go with you. "
The black-robed disciple smiled and said, "I'm at the Xiantian eighth stage, but I can barely adapt to the eighth level of difficulty." The implication was that he, a dignified Xiantian eighth stage master, could only adapt to the eighth level of difficulty. With Luo Zheng's strength, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to survive.
"Well, I also choose!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled and followed the black-robed disciple.
The black-robed disciple shook his head. He had seen a lot of people who overestimated themselves, but he had never seen someone who overestimated himself like this. Fine, this kind of person would make him suffer a few times, so he took the lead and walked towards the eighth level of difficulty.
Along this path, just as he stepped onto the platform, the surrounding scenery suddenly changed. The illusion matrix on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform had been activated at this moment.
The illusion matrix on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was not outstanding, and compared to other illusion matrices, it was even somewhat simple and crude. The reason was that this Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was mainly used to hone the sword intent, and the most important thing to hone the sword intent was to concentrate the mind and fully blend the mind with the sword in the hand, and reach the stage of 'man and sword become one'.
After entering the platform, the black-robed disciple untied a long sword from his back.
The long sword was tightly wrapped. After the black-robed disciple untied many layers, the treasured sword in the middle was revealed. On the scabbard of the treasured sword, a dragon made of gold was entrenched in the scabbard, and it looked very mighty and domineering.
The black-robed disciple slowly pulled the sword out of the scabbard, making a crisp sword sound. He smiled at Luo Zheng and said: "This sword is called 'Torch Dragon', and it's a middle-grade spiritual weapon!"
This black-robed disciple was born in a landowning household, but his landowning household was not very powerful. In addition, he was a collateral disciple in the landowning household, and his status was not high. He was basically relying on himself to cultivate all the way to today's level. Being able to obtain a middle-grade spiritual weapon was enough for him to be proud.
After all, most of the black-robed disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect may only have one high-grade Xuan Weapon, or even one low-grade Xuan Weapon.
"It's a very beautiful treasured sword, but … I don't know how to cultivate on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform?" Luo Zheng looked around. The illusory array on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was too simple. There was not even a scenery.
Everywhere was gray, and the line of sight was blocked by smoke. Compared to the exquisite illusory array on the Blood Red Mountain, it was simply a world of difference.
The black-robed disciple pointed not far away and said: "Do you see the two pillars in front?"
Luo Zheng looked not far away. There were indeed two pillars, and above the pillars were two crystal balls.
"Follow me!" The black-robed disciple held the treasured sword and led Luo Zheng to the two crystal balls. "Do you see the names on them?"
Luo Zheng looked over and saw the names engraved on the crystal balls. One of the crystal balls showed the two words "Luo Zheng", and the other crystal ball showed the two words "Zhao Zhao". Presumably, Zhao Zhao was the name of this black-robed disciple.
"This crystal ball belongs to you. In a while, when the illusory array on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform is activated, those polar spirit stones will release the Magnetic Aurora! The Magnetic Aurora will shoot from all directions, and you must use your sword to split the Magnetic Aurora! The power of the Magnetic Aurora will increase with the difficulty. If you hold an ordinary sword, I'm afraid that one Magnetic Aurora will destroy your sword. " While speaking, Zhao Zhao gently touched the blade of his precious sword named 'Torch Dragon'. Obviously, he had used this sword to deal with many Dimensional Magnetic Auroras.
So that's how it is. Luo Zheng quickly understood. In the end, the trial on the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform was to protect the crystal ball in the center. If the crystal ball was broken, the cultivation would be over. These swordsmen relied on the endless Magnetic Aurora to sharpen their sword intent.
"Rumble …"
Suddenly, the sound of thunder came from the sky.
"Alright, hurry up and draw your sword. The Protomagnetic Aurora is coming. Each crystal ball can only withstand three hits. When the crystal ball is hit three times by the Protomagnetic Aurora, it will shatter and you will be eliminated. Be careful!" Zhao Zhao warned.
Luo Zheng nodded. He took out the Flowing Light sword from his spatial ring, grasped the hilt, and gently pulled.
"Hum hum hum …"
A clear and melodious sword cry sounded out.
Zhao Zhao was waiting for Luo Zheng to draw his sword. He wanted to see just what kind of treasured sword Luo Zheng would be able to pull out.
When Zhao Zhao saw the Flowing Light sword in Luo Zheng's hand, he was immediately dumbfounded …
From the outside, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light sword was not as mighty and domineering as Zhao Zhao's Torch Dragon sword. It looked just like an ordinary sword. But looking at the bright silver luster flowing around the sword body, it gave people a soul-stirring feeling!
Especially when Zhao Zhao saw a looming immortal pattern on the sword body, he could not help but swallow his saliva. "This, this is an immortal tool!"
Luo Zheng gently shook the Flowing Light sword. The sword light was like an old dragon sucking in water, little by little. He turned his head and smiled at Zhao Zhao, "Probably."
Probably … …
Zhao Zhao felt that his throat was somewhat dry. A Xiantian second stage martial artist was said to carry an immortal tool with him!
According to Zhao Zhao's understanding, even a Xiantian great circle martial artist was not qualified to carry an immortal tool, because they simply could not display the power of an immortal tool. However, some Xiantian great circle martial artists were born in noble families. As the core disciples of noble families, under the care of their elders, it was possible for them to be bestowed an immortal tool!
But, but … …
This Luo Zheng was still an outer disciple, and his strength was only at Xiantian second stage. No matter how one looked at it, it was impossible for him to have an immortal tool. This was beyond common sense.
Zhao Zhao certainly did not think that this immortal tool was personally refined by Luo Zheng, and it was not bestowed by anyone. If it was really bestowed, then it was because of fate with the woman of Qianji Pavilion, who had given this semi-finished product to Luo Zheng.
Zhao Zhao was still in a daze. Not far away, two translucent auroras, as thick as the mouth of a bowl, were flashing a faint blue light. The two auroras were flying towards him at a moderate speed.
"Is this the Magnetic Auroras?" Luo Zheng stared at the approaching Magnetic Auroras, holding the Flowing Light sword in his hand and gently raising it, ready to attack.
Zhao Zhao's mentality at this moment was extremely unbalanced. How could a Xiantian second stage martial artist be able to wield an immortal tool! What kind of world was this? Wasn't this a reckless waste of natural resources? So what if he had an immortal tool? If he could not display the power of an immortal tool, then what was the difference between an immortal tool and a piece of wood in his hand?
Feeling indignant, Zhao Zhao jumped up and chopped at one of the Magnetic Auroras with the "Torch Dragon" in his hand. He wanted to let Luo Zheng understand that the sword was not the most important thing, but the person using the sword was the most important! Even if he was holding a middle-grade spirit tool, the power he could display was far stronger than Luo Zheng!
"Wild Dragon Roaring Sword!"
"Roar!"
Wild Dragon Roaring Sword was a very overbearing and powerful swordsmanship. Every time the sword was chopped out, it would form a dragon roar in the air, and its power was astonishing.
A dragon-shaped Sword Qi suddenly formed from Zhao Zhao's sword, and with a roar, it immediately rushed towards the Magnetic Auroras and entangled with them.
The Magnetic Auroras were a very sharp energy that could be used to hone sword intent. If the sword intent was sharp enough, then the Magnetic Auroras would be cut into pieces faster. On the other hand, if the sword intent was not sharp enough, then it would be difficult to break the Magnetic Auroras.
When Zhao Zhao's Sword Qi and the Magnetic Auroras entangled together, the Magnetic Auroras were bitten into pieces by the dragon-shaped Sword Qi and disintegrated. After a while, the Magnetic Auroras were torn into pieces by the dragon-shaped Sword Qi.
Seeing his results, Zhao Zhao's face showed a satisfied expression. Obviously, his sword intent had improved. Compared to the last time when he was fighting against the Magnetic Auroras, it was 10% faster. With this speed, he could probably last for 30 minutes in the eighth level of difficulty this time.
After Zhao Zhao dealt with his Magnetic Auroras, he looked at Luo Zheng. He wanted to see how Luo Zheng could display the power of an immortal tool!
Luo Zheng was still quietly standing in place. When the Magnetic Auroras approached, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly moved. The Flowing Light Sword in his hand suddenly slashed out, and it was still a simple "Sword Slash".
"Sword Slash?" Zhao Zhao's face showed a very awkward expression.
As a swordsman, he was very familiar with basic swordsmanship. This Luo Zheng did not practice any other swordsmanship? Only basic swordsmanship? Using an immortal tool to display basic swordsmanship?
Heavens … Zhao Zhao felt that his whole body was not good.
"Whoosh!"
With this simple slash, a half-moon shaped silver light was instantly formed. The bright silver light was so dazzling that it followed the direction Luo Zheng slashed out, and the sword light precisely cut into the middle of the Magnetic Auroras.