The entire process took place in the blink of an eye. The time it took to destroy the Primary Magnetic Aurora was much shorter than Zhao Zhao's.
"…" Zhao Zhao's mouth was wide open. In such a short period of time, he had received so much stimulation that he felt a little sluggish.
Luo Zheng looked at Zhao Zhao's appearance and said faintly, "More Primary Magnetic Auroras are coming. Be careful!"
Not far away, another four Primary Magnetic Auroras were flying in their direction.
Zhao Zhao, who had been thoroughly defeated by Luo Zheng, felt a chill in his heart and his expression became serious.
The cultivation of swordsmanship was about protecting the heart of the sword, sharpening the sword intent, not being disturbed by external factors, and killing all inner demons.
Just now, Luo Zheng had repeatedly exceeded Zhao Zhao's expectations and caused Zhao Zhao's heart of the sword to become unstable. If the heart of the sword was unstable, the sword intent would also be weakened. In this way, the power of the sword in one's hand would also be affected. Therefore, the wavering of one's heart was a great taboo for swordsmen.
Seeing Zhao Zhao recover so quickly, Luo Zheng also smiled slightly. In the end, Zhao Zhao was a swordsman who cultivated swordsmanship. To be able to stabilize the heart of the sword in such a short period of time was very praiseworthy!
Luo Zheng didn't say much and also began to seriously deal with the Primary Magnetic Auroras!
The Primary Magnetic Auroras came wave after wave, and the number of waves was constantly increasing.
If the first wave only had one Primary Magnetic Auroras, then the second wave would have two, the third wave would have three, and so on.
In order to protect the crystal ball, the most important thing was to destroy the speed of the Primary Magnetic Auroras.
The Primary Magnetic Auroras were a kind of very pure energy. The auroras extracted from the polar spirit stones were very stable and were rarely disturbed by external factors.
Just like the dragon intent contained in Zhao Zhao's dragon-shaped sword qi, if used to fight against enemies or kill monsters, the effect would be good. However, it didn't have much effect on the Primary Magnetic Auroras. In order to cut the Primary Magnetic Auroras, one still relied on the sword intent, which was the pure understanding of swordsmanship!
Therefore, the Primary Magnetic Auroras were the best choice to sharpen the sword intent!
Luo Zheng and Zhao Zhao were constantly killing the Primary Magnetic Aurora, from the first wave all the way to the fifteenth wave.
This time, thirty Essencefused Auroras rushed over in one breath. Luo Zheng and Zhao Zhao each had fifteen.
"Break!"
The sword light in Luo Zheng's hand was like rippling waves in a lake. Layer upon layer, it slashed towards the magnetic auroras.
Waves of sword light crisscrossed back and forth, instantly killing the Protomagnetic Auroras.
The fifteen Essencefused Auroras were separated from each other, but how fast was Luo Zheng killing them? In a short while, they were all killed by Luo Zheng.
On the other hand, Zhao Zhao's speed was far inferior to Luo Zheng's. Zhao Zhao was already faintly struggling to deal with this.
He had to spend quite a bit of time on each of the magnetic auroras. Although the speed of the magnetic auroras was not particularly fast, they were still steadily flying towards the crystal in the middle. As long as one escaped the net, it would cause damage to the crystal. If there were three magnetic auroras, the crystal would be completely destroyed.
"Roar! Roar! "
Dragon-shaped sword beams slashed out from Zhao Zhao's' torch dragon '. As the Protomagnetic Auroras flew, Zhao Zhao destroyed 14 of them in one breath. However, in the end, one of the Protomagnetic Auroras slipped through the net and shot towards the crystal.
Zhao Zhao wanted to come back to save it, but it was already too late. He could only watch as the magnetic auroras drilled into the crystal.
"Crack!"
There was a thin crack extending from the crystal ball on the pillar.
Zhao Zhao's face was very ugly. He did not expect that this time, the first crack would appear after he had only persisted to the fifteenth wave. His previous best result was that the first crack appeared in the seventeenth wave. Compared to his previous results, he seemed to have regressed.
Luo Zheng looked indifferent and shook his head slightly. He could help Zhao Zhao, but the purpose of the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform was to hone one's sword intent. Relying on others' help would not have any effect. This could only depend on Zhao Zhao's own efforts.
After the cracks appeared on the crystal ball, Zhao Zhao clearly fought even harder. There were several times when he directly rushed to the magnetic auroras and brandished his sword.
Although the magnetic auroras' flight speed was not fast, if one was accidentally hit by the magnetic auroras, they would still be seriously injured. Therefore, Zhao Zhao's actions appeared very rash.
Although he was rash, the results were not bad after Zhao Zhao fought even harder. In the sixteenth and seventeenth waves, he did not miss any magnetic auroras.
And in these two waves, Luo Zheng still dealt with them very easily. Similarly, he did not miss any magnetic auroras.
However, when it came to the twentieth wave, Zhao Zhao missed another Proton Magnetic Aurora. The cracks on the crystal ball behind him had already spread to the middle of the ball. At this moment, his crystal ball was in imminent danger. If it was hit by another Proton Magnetic Aurora, it would completely shatter, and this cultivation session would come to an end.
After the end of the twentieth wave, Zhao Zhao sighed. Instead, he smiled and said, "Not bad. In the past, I could at most persist until the seventeenth wave without missing a single auroras. Then I missed one auroras in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth waves … this time, I was able to persist until the twentieth wave, but I'm afraid I won't be able to endure the twenty-first wave no matter what."
Zhao Zhao's heart was also full of frustration. Just now, he had looked down on Luo Zheng. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would persist until now without any difficulty. Instead, it was he who was about to be eliminated …
Luo Zheng put away the Flowing Light Sword and said faintly, "How can you know if you don't try? What's more, this isn't a real battle. Even if you fight, you won't lose your life. Only in a desperate struggle can you comprehend the pinnacle of the Sword Dao. If you are willing to fight, you may be able to endure the twenty-first or twenty-second wave. If you give up in your heart, then you have truly given up. "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Zhao was slightly taken aback. In his heart, he thought, "Yes, as long as I am a little careful, these Primary Magnetic Auroras won't hurt me so easily. Why don't I test my limits and see how far I can go?"
Thinking of this, Zhao Zhao's pupils contracted slightly. A sharp aura once again spread out from his body.
The aura of a swordsman was originally extremely sharp. Only by maintaining this sharp aura in his heart could he rely on the sword in his hand to break through all things in the world!
Unconsciously, even Zhao Zhao himself didn't realize that his understanding of the Sword Dao seemed to have deepened a little.
"The twenty-first wave is coming. Come on!" Luo Zheng said in a deep voice.
"Come on!" Zhao Zhao raised his Qi in one breath and gathered it all in the "Torch Dragon" sword in his hand. As he slashed out with his sword, dragon-shaped Sword Qi surged in all directions. On the entire platform, there were bursts of dragon roars coming from all directions.
Luo Zheng still stabilized his footwork and swung his sword at the Primary Magnetic Auroras coming from all directions. As the number of Primary Magnetic Auroras increased, Luo Zheng also gradually felt the pressure, but his pressure was not as great as Zhao Zhao's.
"Roar, roar, roar …"
Zhao Zhao killed twenty Primary Magnetic Auroras in one breath, but there was still a fish that escaped the net and flew in the direction of the crystal ball.
Although Zhao Zhao was already out of breath and couldn't catch up with the Primary Magnetic Auroras, when he thought of Luo Zheng's words and his own plan to put his life on the line, he forced himself to take a deep breath and madly ran toward the Primary Magnetic Auroras. At the same time, the Sword Qi in his hand rolled.
"Roar!"
Just before the Primary Magnetic Auroras hit the crystal ball, Zhao Zhao's dragon-shaped Sword Qi finally destroyed the Primary Magnetic Auroras.
Zhao Zhao's posture when he slashed out with his sword was wrong. His whole body hit the ground face first and fell heavily to the ground. When he got up, half of his face was blue.
Looking at Zhao Zhao's appearance, Luo Zheng mischievously smiled, "Not bad, you really went all out!"
Zhao Zhao gasped for breath and said, "Fortunately, this has already broken my record. I actually managed to survive the twenty-first wave! Incredible! "
Zhao Zhao had been cultivating on the Seven Star Sword Light Platform for more than a day or two. His previous best record was the twentieth wave. But there was one time when he managed to survive the twentieth wave, but that was because of the help of others. He barely managed to resist the last Primary Magnetic Auroras and reach the twenty-first wave …
Now, Zhao Zhao had relied on his own strength to survive the twenty-first wave and enter the twenty-second wave. This was truly incredible!
There was only a little time to rest between each wave. Zhao Zhao hadn't even caught his breath when the twenty-second wave came.
In the end, Zhao Zhao tried his best but still wasn't able to survive the twenty-second wave. The last Primary Magnetic Auroras mercilessly smashed his crystal ball … Zhao Zhao was like a person who had just been fished out of the water, his entire body drenched in sweat.
Relatively speaking, martial artists who used swords were much more graceful than those who used spears and sabers. It was rare for them to be in such a difficult situation. However, Zhao Zhao had pushed himself to the limit. This was a completely new experience for him.
He sat paralyzed on the ground. As he watched Luo Zheng calmly deal with the Primary Magnetic Auroras, he could only secretly sigh in his heart. This fellow was really an animal. This was his first time entering the Seven Star Sword Light Platform and he had already chosen the eighth level of difficulty. Not only that, but he was also able to calmly deal with the Primary Magnetic Auroras …