Generally speaking, after Zhao Zhao failed, he would withdraw from this platform, but today he didn't want to leave. He wanted to see how long Luo Zheng could persist.
Waves of magnetic auroras continued to surge, and the number was constantly increasing, but Luo Zheng was still unhurriedly slashing his sword at those magnetic auroras.
Twenty-fifth wave … …
Thirtieth wave … …
Fortieth wave … …
Fiftieth wave … …
At this moment, whenever those magnetic auroras rushed towards Luo Zheng, there would be a large number of magnetic auroras. Seeing those magnetic auroras, Zhao Zhao felt his scalp go numb, but Luo Zheng was still able to cope with them. Zhao Zhao couldn't help but wonder if this boy had no limit at all!
At the sixtieth wave, Luo Zheng finally felt a little strenuous.
"These magnetic auroras are only sensitive to sword intent. Even if I use an immortal tool and rely on the Sword Qi of the flowing light sword, the cutting speed is still not fast enough." Luo Zheng frowned. In other words, Luo Zheng's comprehension of sword intent had not reached the level he wanted.
Sword, the head of all weapons, with its sharp blade, could cut through all things in the world.
Whether it was the basic swordsmanship or a variety of gorgeous and powerful swordsmanship, they didn't rely on brute force, but on the stimulation of sword intent to produce a sharp cutting power.
"How should I improve this sword intent?"
After feeling the pressure, Luo Zheng finally began to ponder.
"Break! Break for me! "
Luo Zheng slashed out his sword and instantly cut three magnetic auroras, but in the distance, more magnetic auroras rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Zhao Zhao looked at those magnetic aurora lights and said in his heart. It seemed that Luo Zheng was also unable to hold on any longer. There were too many magnetic aurora lights, but this was the first time Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect and he had already withstood 60 waves of magnetic aurora lights. Moreover, his strength was only at the Xiantian second stage. This strength could be said to be unprecedented in the history of Blue Cloud Sect.
Zhao Zhao was born in a gentry family and his vision was broad, but he came to such a conclusion in his heart! He felt that no matter how powerful a genius was, it would be difficult to create Luo Zheng's record.
Under Luo Zheng's wild slashes, the 61st wave was successfully passed. However, one of the Magnetic Auroras almost hit the crystal ball. Zhao Zhao judged that a crack would appear on Luo Zheng's crystal ball in the next wave. According to this trend, Luo Zheng shouldn't be able to withstand the 63rd wave …
With this result, he should be satisfied, Zhao Zhao thought as he sat by the side.
Who would have thought that right after the 61st wave, Luo Zheng would suddenly insert his Flowing-light Sword into the ground and close his eyes to meditate!
"What does he want to do?" Zhao Zhao looked at Luo Zheng curiously.
Luo Zheng remained motionless. His hands were placed on his knees. It seemed that he wasn't circulating his Zhen Yuan to regulate his body. Instead, he was thinking.
"Thinking at a time like this?" Zhao Zhao was speechless.
The interval between each wave of the Magnetic Auroras wasn't long. Luo Zheng didn't have much time to think. Before long, the dense Magnetic Auroras from not too far away flew over.
"Hey, the Magnetic Auroras are coming. Aren't you going to deal with them?" Zhao Zhao shouted at Luo Zheng. There wasn't even a crack on Luo Zheng's crystal ball. If he gave up like this, it would be too much of a pity. Zhao Zhao wanted to see how long Luo Zheng could endure.
But after Zhao Zhao shouted, Luo Zheng didn't move at all. It was as if he hadn't heard Zhao Zhao's voice at all. His entire body was like an old monk in meditation.
"Three Magnetic Auroras were shattered. If you don't move, you won't have a chance!" Seeing the surging Magnetic Auroras, Zhao Zhao was a little anxious. If he waited until the Magnetic Auroras arrived, it would be too late to deal with them.
Seeing the Magnetic Auroras getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng still didn't seem to hear them. Zhao Zhao could only anxiously watch from the side. When the Magnetic Auroras were less than ten feet away from Luo Zheng's crystal ball, Zhao Zhao could only sigh. "Forget it. To be able to achieve such a result, he is already proud of the Blue Cloud Sect. Which disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect can achieve such a result? He has already proven his ability. It won't be too late to challenge him in the future! "
But at this moment, Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the ground, suddenly opened his eyes.
For some unknown reason, Zhao Zhao saw that Luo Zheng's eyes seemed to have changed. His gaze became sharper, piercing straight to the heart!
At this time, the Magnetic Auroras were only a foot away from the crystal ball!
Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed the hilt of the Flowing Light sword. He slashed at the Magnetic Auroras closest to the crystal ball.
"Xiu!"
When the Magnetic Auroras came into contact with Luo Zheng's sword light, they were instantly disintegrated by the sword light!
Previously, when the Magnetic Auroras came into contact with Luo Zheng's sword light, they were only cut open by Luo Zheng's sword light and then slowly disintegrated. But now, Luo Zheng's sword light seemed to have become the nemesis of the Magnetic Auroras. If the Magnetic Auroras were flames, then Luo Zheng's sword light was cold water. When this cold water was poured on top of the flames, it would be extinguished in an instant.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu!"
More and more sword light slashed out from Luo Zheng's sword. Each sword light destroyed a Magnetic Auroras.
In a short while, the sixty-one Magnetic Auroras were completely destroyed by Luo Zheng's sword light.
In this sixty-first wave, the time Luo Zheng spent was actually less than half of the time spent on the sixty-sixth wave.
"Ah …" Zhao Zhao didn't expect that Luo Zheng would produce such a terrifying change just by sitting in place. His entire face revealed a sluggish expression. Was this Luo Zheng still human? No, no, he couldn't even be considered an animal. This was already abnormal …
At this moment, it seemed that using the word abnormal was no longer enough to describe Luo Zheng. This guy was an abnormal animal …
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a trace of a joyful smile.
Previously, Luo Zheng's sword intent had actually remained in a very basic state. In fact, his true understanding of sword intent was even inferior to Zhao Zhao. After all, he hadn't mainly used the sword these past few years.
But after a moment of contemplation, he felt that his understanding of sword intent had increased a bit.
With his understanding of sword intent and Luo Zheng's own strength, these Magnetic Auroras were much easier to deal with.
"How many waves of Magnetic Auroras will there be in this eighth level of difficulty?"
Since there were eight levels of difficulty here, Luo Zheng also knew that the number of waves was limited and couldn't be increased indefinitely. If there was an infinite increase, not only would the polar spirit stones on the Seven-star Sword Light Platform not be able to support, but the people participating in the practice would also not be able to bear it. Even if they were experts of the Divine Reflection Realm, how could they resist a thousand Magnetic Auroras?
"The seventieth wave! Kill! "
"The eightieth wave!"
"The ninetieth wave!"
"The hundredth wave!"
After Luo Zheng had endured the hundredth wave, there was finally no movement on the platform.
"Eh? The hundredth wave is the limit? "Luo Zheng asked strangely.
Zhao Zhao nodded vigorously. He had already gotten used to Luo Zheng's abnormal expression. He only said in a slightly trembling voice, "The limit of the eighth level of difficulty is 100 waves, but there are only a few people who can really pass the hundredth wave …"
No matter who practiced, they would try their best to hone their sword intent.
For example, Zhao Zhao felt that the eighth level of difficulty was the most suitable for honing his sword intent, so he would always stay in the eighth level of difficulty. If he could endure forty or fifty waves, he would feel that the Magnetic Auroras below the eighth level of difficulty were no longer effective for him, and then he would choose the next level of difficulty.
At this moment, the deacon at the door suddenly heard a roaring sound coming from the array disc behind him.
"This sound … someone broke through the hundredth wave?"
The deacon was somewhat curious. Generally speaking, very few people were so persistent. Even those who had reached the Xiantian Full Circle could break through a certain level of difficulty, but generally, they would not do such an exhausting thing. They would choose a higher level of difficulty to challenge.
The deacon picked up the array disc and found that the illusion array below the eighth level of difficulty had been broken through the hundredth wave. In his memory, there were only two people who had chosen the eighth level of difficulty today. One was Zhao Zhao, and the other was the outer court disciple called Luo Zheng.
Zhao Zhao often practiced on the Seven-star Sword Light Platform, so the deacon was very clear about his strength. He could only endure twenty waves of Magnetic Auroras, and could not break through the hundredth wave.
It couldn't be that Luo Zheng, could it? The deacon suddenly opened his eyes wide!
＝＝＝＝＝