The difficulty setting of each level of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was very special. This setting was to take care of the newcomers of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Take Zhao Zhao as an example. With his current strength, if he wanted to 'break through 100', that is, to resist 100 Protomagnetic Aurora, he could only do so in the fourth level of difficulty. In the fifth level of difficulty, Zhao Zhao could only resist 86 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora, 57 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora in the sixth level of difficulty, 40 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora in the seventh level of difficulty, and 21 waves of Protomagnetic Aurora in the eighth level of difficulty.
Zhao Zhao was at the Xiantian eighth stage.
In the memory of the deacon, even in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, there was no one who could break through 100 in the eighth level of difficulty. Some of the more outstanding results would be deliberately recorded by the deacon. He remembered that in the eighth level of difficulty, the best result was to resist 89 waves.
According to the deacon's speculation, if one wanted to break through 100 in the eighth level of difficulty, unless one entered the Illuminating Spirit realm, otherwise it was impossible.
And Illuminating Spirit powerhouses generally chose to practice in the ninth level of difficulty, or even the tenth level of difficulty.
"No, it can't be Luo Zheng, even if it is Zhao Zhao, it can't be Luo Zheng." The deacon muttered. The problem was that he was also clear about Zhao Zhao's strength. It was impossible for his strength to soar to such a degree overnight. Some time ago, he could barely resist 20 waves, but today he broke through 100? Unless he was dreaming.
Thinking about it, he suddenly patted his head. The Seven Star Sword Light Platform was not far from him, so why not just go and take a look?
So the deacon hurriedly rushed towards the Seven Star Sword Light Platform.
From the outside of the Seven Star Sword Light Platform, he could not see the things inside the illusion array, but he could see the people on the platform.
After a while, he saw that there were indeed two people on the platform of the eighth level of difficulty. One was Zhao Zhao, and the other was Luo Zheng. At this moment, Luo Zheng was sitting cross-legged, and it seemed that he was meditating?
The deacon climbed up the platform from the side path, and then asked Zhao Zhao, "Who just broke through 100, Zhao Zhao, was it you?"
Zhao Zhao shrugged his shoulders, smiled wryly, and then pointed to Luo Zheng, "It was him!"
"Is it really him?" The deacon sucked in a breath of cold air. If Luo Zheng could really break the 100 mark with his own strength, it meant that Luo Zheng had already caught up to Divine Realm experts in some aspects.
Every martial artist had their own uniqueness. The deacon's definition was very accurate. He believed that those who could surpass 100 would at least not lose to those Illuminating Spirit Realm experts in the comprehension of sword intent. However, in terms of overall strength, they might not be able to catch up to Illuminating Spirit Realm experts.
This statement was indeed correct.
This was because there was never a lack of outstanding geniuses in this world. However, the deacon had missed one point. Luo Zheng was not only outstanding in the comprehension of sword intent. On the contrary, he was outstanding in all aspects.
Whether it was strength, speed, or his abnormal body that was comparable to a middle-grade spiritual weapon, if there was one thing that he was inferior to an ordinary Illuminating Spirit Realm expert, it should be his control of Zhen Yuan. After all, Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could burn their Zhen Yuan to the limit, but Luo Zheng was unable to do so at his current level.
"Why is he like this?" Seeing Luo Zheng sitting motionless, the deacon asked again.
Zhao Zhao shrugged his shoulders, "He should be having an epiphany!"
"… Epiphany!" The deacon's pupils suddenly shrank. For a martial artist, an epiphany was a great opportunity that could only be encountered by chance. If a martial artist were to encounter it once or twice in their lifetime, it would already be a joyous occasion. He didn't expect that this boy would encounter an epiphany after breaking through a hundred points. He quickly asked, "How long has he been sitting here?"
"Not long. He's been like this since he broke the 100 mark. I don't know how long he'll be sitting here! But before he broke the 100 mark, he had an epiphany once. Why is he doing it again now … "Zhao Zhao was also puzzled. After resisting 60 waves, Luo Zheng sat down and pondered. No one knew what he had comprehended, but his understanding of sword intent had suddenly skyrocketed. At that time, Zhao Zhao had thought that Luo Zheng would at most hold on to 63 waves. He did not expect that Luo Zheng would directly" break the 100 mark "when he got up.
"What? He had an epiphany once before! " The deacon's voice trembled. A single epiphany was a great opportunity, but this kid had one after another. Was there any justice in this world? The deacon also felt that his brain was not big enough.
Seeing the deacon's expression, Zhao Zhao felt a little better. Previously, Luo Zheng had brought him waves of shock, which had almost crippled him. Now, it was not bad to let a second person experience this feeling. Zhao Zhao secretly laughed in his heart. He was now somewhat immune to the shock brought by Luo Zheng's achievements. It seemed that even if there was no justice in this world, it was only natural for this guy to do it.
"In a while, there will be people practicing in the eighth level of difficulty. If he has an epiphany here, I'm afraid that he will delay their practice." The deacon was a little embarrassed. "Epiphany" meant that a person comprehended something very mysterious in an instant. Although there was the word "pause" in this epiphany, a person's sea of consciousness was originally very mysterious, and sometimes it would take a long time.
Luo Zheng sat upright in the same place. Although his eyes were closed, his eyeballs were rapidly moving under his eyelids!
The Basic Swordsmanship was broken down into countless fragments in Luo Zheng's mind. There were countless figures in his mind, constructing every detail of the Basic Swordsmanship.
"Upward Slash."
"Cutting Sword."
"Hanging Sword."
"Collapsing Sword."
"Holding Sword …"
Although the Basic Swordsmanship was not presentable, it was the purest swordsmanship. After countless generations of swordsmen's modification and simplification, every move and style was not the slightest bit fancy or superfluous.
However, there were many images in Luo Zheng's mind. Even the simplest sword slash was broken down into tens of thousands of images! From drawing the sword to attacking, it included the most minute details!
But not long after, the images began to disappear one by one. The images disappeared faster and faster, from one or two images at the beginning to dozens and then hundreds of images.
Not long after, the "sword slash" formed by tens of thousands of images was now reduced to only a dozen images …
"This Basic Swordsmanship …" Luo Zheng stared. Although the "sword slash" he saw was still a sword slash, when Luo Zheng saw the images, a very mysterious feeling arose in his heart. This was a Basic Swordsmanship, but also not a Basic Swordsmanship!
After being simplified, the Basic Swordsmanship seemed to gather all the sword intent between heaven and earth into one simple movement.
Luo Zheng looked at the other movements of the Basic Swordsmanship. "Collapsing Sword," "Sweeping Sword," "Lifting Sword …"