"This is definitely not a Basic Sword Art! In other words, this is a set of fundamental sword techniques that no one has ever seen before! " Luo Zheng was so shocked that he could only give an inaccurate definition. No matter what, Luo Zheng understood that this was a great opportunity for him, so he seized every minute and second to observe every scene.
At this moment, the deacon of the Seven Stars Spectroscopic Platform left the platform in a hurry. After registering the new batch of disciples, he hurried back. He had no choice but to come back. He had thought that if no one else chose the eighth level of difficulty, it wouldn't be a problem for Luo Zheng to use this platform.
But just now, several inner disciples had chosen the eighth level of difficulty, and two of them were descendants of landowning households. Therefore, the deacon had no choice but to do so.
If he left Luo Zheng here and activated the illusory formation, Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the ground, would probably be injured by the Magnetic Aurora flying from a certain angle. In that case, the loss would outweigh the gain. Therefore, the deacon decided to wake Luo Zheng up.
After entering the platform, he walked straight towards Luo Zheng. But when he was still five meters away from Luo Zheng, he suddenly saw several extremely sharp waves in front of him.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
The deacon was a Xiantian creature, so his reaction was extremely fast. He moved back a few steps in an instant, but the clothes on his chest had already been cut into pieces by these waves.
"This is the Protective Sword Intent …" The deacon's expression was extremely unsightly. He felt that he had been involved in an unexpected disaster.
Zhao Zhao was also dumbfounded. He hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would have a Protective Sword Intent to protect him when he was having an epiphany. "No way! He can comprehend the Protective Sword Intent so quickly? I thought he didn't use the Long Sword Art? "
"Didn't use the Long Sword Art? What do you mean? "The deacon didn't dare to wake up Luo Zheng now, so he could only watch from where he was.
Zhao Zhao pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng seems to be a novice swordsman! Previously, when he broke through 100 points, he used the Basic Sword Technique! "
"Basic Sword Technique?" When the deacon heard these words, he immediately felt his vision darken. As the deacon of the Seven Star Sword Radiance Platform, he himself was also a swordsman. Of course, he knew how basic sword techniques were. For some martial artists who cultivated sword techniques, it might be something that they learned before the age of six or seven …
If Luo Zheng had really used the Basic Swordsmanship, then he wouldn't have used the sword for a long time. The deacon felt that the world was too unfair for him to comprehend the Protective Sword Essence just by using the Basic Swordsmanship.
At this moment, several people walked in from the bridge. One of them saw the deacon and shouted, "Deacon Song, don't make us wait too long!"
These people were in a hurry to activate the illusory array.
"Alas, if Luo Zheng doesn't wake up, I'll have to activate the illusory formation first." Deacon Song could only do this much. Anyway, he had the Protective Sword Essence. Even the Magnetic Aurora might not hurt him.
The black-robed disciples who had just entered saw that there was someone sitting there and asked, "Eh? Why is there someone meditating here? "
Zhao Zhao explained to them, "He has just had an epiphany and is meditating here for a while!"
"Epiphany? Ha ha … "The black-robed disciples showed an envious look and said," Epiphany has nothing to do with us. Don't delay our practice! "
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes!
When he opened his eyes, countless tiny ripples radiated from his body. Each ripple was countless slender sword intents. If someone stood around him, they would probably be instantly sliced into pieces by the slender sword intents.
"Sword Essence like Silk? Interesting, an outer disciple with the strength of the Xiantian second stage has actually comprehended to such a level! " A black-robed disciple said. Everyone practiced in the Blue Cloud Sect and also cultivated the Sword Dao. Naturally, they would pay attention to other disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who cultivated the Sword Dao.
"Sword Essence like Silk?" Hearing the black-robed disciple's words, Luo Zheng gently stretched out his hand and many fine silk threads extended from his hand. The power of these silk threads was not necessarily stronger than that of Luo Zheng's other attacks, but they were superior in quantity.
"Excuse me, which mountain are you from?" The black-robed disciple came up and asked, "Will you participate in this All-Sect Competition?"
Luo Zheng was already at the Xiantian second stage, and there was another examination at the end of the year to enter the inner core. If Luo Zheng's strength was strong enough, it was very likely that he would participate in the All-Sect Competition. The black-robed disciple hoped to meet Luo Zheng in the competition! As a swordsman, what he wanted most was to fight with another swordsman!
"My name is Luo Zheng, and I'm Xiao Yufeng's disciple. As for whether I will participate in this All-Sect Competition, I'm not sure." Luo Zheng knew that he had to participate in this All-Sect Competition, but he was not an inner core disciple at the moment, so he could not answer too confidently.
The black-robed disciple continued, "I hope to meet you in the competition. My name is Li Yan, and I'm an inner core disciple of the Tianzhao Peak."
The battle between swordsmen was often an opportunity to comprehend the Sword Essence, which was why Li Yan was interested in Luo Zheng.
"If there's a chance, we'll have a chance to learn from each other." Luo Zheng nodded. The Illusory Matrix was about to be opened, so he naturally could not stay here all the time, so he prepared to leave the platform.
But Li Yan suddenly said, "Wait, how many waves did you persist in the Illusory Matrix?"
Li Yan's strength was much stronger than Zhao Zhao's. Even at the eighth level of difficulty, he could persist until the 73rd wave.
According to the design of the Seven Stars Fractal Platform, if one wanted to break through a hundred waves in the eighth level of difficulty, one would need to be at least in the Divine Reflection Realm. Therefore, Li Yan, as a Xiantian lifeform, had already reached the 73rd wave. At this moment, Li Yan wanted to measure Luo Zheng's strength, and see how much of a gap there was between him and this outer core disciple who had comprehended the Sword Essence Silk.
"Ah? I should have just broken through a hundred, "Luo Zheng turned his head back and said indifferently. Then he looked down the platform and walked away.
"Wha, what?" Li Yan was stunned, and the other disciples who came with him also did not react.
When Zhao Zhao saw their reactions, he felt a little better.
Deacon Song, who was next to him, also felt a trace of joy. At least now he found a few scapegoats. Especially Deacon Song, his heart was a bit bad. As a deacon, he knew very well that Li Yan often practiced in the eighth level of difficulty. He was very proud of his record of holding the seventy waves.
At this moment, seeing Li Yan in a daze with a suspicious look on his face, Deacon Song did not forget to add: "Indeed, Luo Zheng should be the only Xiantian lifeform who has broken through a hundred waves in the eighth level of difficulty, but the problem is that he is only at the Xiantian second stage … …"