The Seven-star Fenghuang Platform had an excellent effect on honing the sword intent.
A swordsman could start practicing swordsmanship at the age of six, be just so-so at the age of 12, and be familiar with it at the age of 16. If he wanted to make a breakthrough in the future, unless he was extraordinarily talented, he often had to temper himself between life and death.
However, a person only had one life. Tempering between life and death sounded nice, but frankly speaking, it was like honing one's sword intent at any time and place. The risk could be imagined.
Whether it was a swordsman, a saberman, or a boxer, as long as he was a warrior, he would face this problem.
However, in the Blue Cloud Sect, there were many illusory formations and secret realms for cultivation. Any one of them would be extremely coveted. This was also why the Blue Cloud Sect was regarded as the Holy Land of Martial Arts in the Eastern Region. As a result, a steady stream of martial arts talents from all the counties in the Eastern Region tried their best to get in.
However, even for those martial arts talents, it was impossible for them to improve so quickly in the Seven Stars Fenghuang Platform. Luo Zheng was able to have two epiphanies on his first time in the Seven Stars Fenghuang Platform. He was able to comprehend things that others would never be able to comprehend in their lifetime.
Luo Zheng broke through the eighth level of difficulty, but he did not test his limit. Deacon Song also strongly invited Luo Zheng to try the ninth level of the Seven-star Fenghuang Platform.
Luo Zheng's performance was so amazing that Deacon Song also wanted to have a share in the process of discovering talents. However, he did not know that Old Cao in the Illusory Fish Pond had already done the same thing. He reported Luo Zheng's results and wanted to claim credit in exchange for a reward. However, in the end, not only did he not get a reward, but he was also rebuffed. After Deacon Cao reported it several times, the higher-ups even sent someone to reprimand Deacon Cao. Deacon Cao himself was confused and finally gave up this idea.
Even if Deacon Song did not mention it, Luo Zheng would still try it. He also wanted to know where his limit was. Could he break through 100 on the ninth level of the Seven-star Fenghuang Platform? Or even challenge the tenth level of difficulty?
Of course, he couldn't do it today. Luo Zheng had comprehended the sword intent, and there was a brand-new basic swordsmanship in his mind. No matter what, he had to go back and consolidate it.
Just as he returned to Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng received a message that Su Lingyun asked him to go over.
In the evening, on the mountainside of Xiao Yufeng.
The golden setting sun projected the last bit of heat of the day from the distant western sky. However, in the middle of winter, under the harsh cold, the heat dissipated very quickly, making it almost impossible to feel the slightest bit of warmth.
The howling northern wind swept along the mountain peak. If one's body was a little weaker, they probably wouldn't have dared to walk outside.
However, in the pavilion on the mountainside of Little Rain Peak, a woman dressed in a light yellow robe was leaning against a corner of the pavilion. She was only wearing a long robe that was dyed yellow and floor-length. The material of the long robe looked very warm, but in reality, it was not very good at keeping out the cold. This was because the long robe was only tied to the belt around her neck and did not completely wrap around the woman.
Underneath the robe, she was only wearing a thin, elegant yellow satin. If it were a commoner woman wearing such a robe and facing the northern wind in this pavilion, she would probably freeze to death in less than two hours. However, this woman was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, only one step away from the Divine Reflection realm. Even if she stood naked in a world of ice and snow, she would not feel the slightest bit cold.
This woman was Luo Zheng's mentor, Su Lingyun.
In front of others, Su Lingyun could always appear strong enough. Even if she had become a princess who had lost her power, she could still maintain a considerable amount of self-confidence.
However, when she was alone, she would always feel lonely. In her heart, there were some secrets that she could not reveal to outsiders.
Others thought that Su Lingyun entered the Blue Cloud Sect to be a mentor only to fool around. As a princess with a high status and power, being a mentor in Xiao Yufeng was originally to laze around. However, Su Lingyun did not think so.
Before she left the palace, it had already been six months since she had seen that person from the Burning Heaven Palace. That person was her father, Su Qian.
She had requested to see her father time and time again, but she had been rejected every time. This was originally a very abnormal thing. Once, she had forced her way into the Jiuwu Heaven Palace, only to find that her father's bedroom was empty. Even the bedsheets on the bed had been tidied up. Clearly, her father did not live there.
At that time, Su Lingyun had a trace of suspicion. Her father had already left the Eastern Region.
There was more than one person who had the same guess as Su Lingyun. The seven princes and three princesses in the palace were all secretly discussing this matter. However, the real news had already been tightly sealed.
According to the rumors, her father had already gone out to gain experience for a long time and had not returned. Moreover, it was very likely that he had fallen outside …
This rumor seemed absurd, but Su Lingyun did not dare to underestimate it. Her father could be regarded as an absolute king in the human territory of the Eastern Region. He was the emperor with the most martial talent in the Burning Heaven Empire.
In the past years, the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master had always been able to suppress the Burning Heaven Palace. In many matters, the Blue Cloud Sect even had the right to control the fate of the Burning Heaven Empire!
This was because not only did the Blue Cloud Sect have an extremely powerful Sect Master, there was also a colossus behind the Blue Cloud Sect. That was the Cloud Hall.
There were countless experts in the Cloud Hall. To the Cloud Hall, whether it was the Blue Cloud Sect or the Burning Heaven Empire, they were only a piece of territory under their jurisdiction. Therefore, the Burning Heaven Empire had always been suppressed by the Blue Cloud Sect for many years in fear of offending the Blue Cloud Sect.
Fortunately, the Blue Cloud Sect had taken root in the Burning Heaven Empire, so there was not much conflict between the two sides. Many times, the two sides could even join together. This was also why the Blue Cloud Sect was able to nurture many Illuminating God Realm experts to the Burning Heaven Empire.
However, the appearance of her father, Su Qian, had changed this situation. This was because Su Qian's strength was also strong enough. He was even stronger than the current Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect. Moreover, Su Qian had also joined the Cloud Hall and was a member of the Cloud Hall. His position in the Cloud Hall was even higher than the Blue Cloud Sect.
For the Burning Heaven Empire, this was a good thing. At least in many matters, the Burning Heaven Empire held the initiative while the Blue Cloud Sect was more like a vassal. This was also why the Blue Cloud Sect's influence had decreased over the past few decades while the Burning Heaven Empire's influence had gradually increased.
As a member of the Cloud Hall, her father had to assist the Cloud Hall and participate in various missions for the Cloud Hall.
Su Qian was very strong. In Su Lingyun's eyes, he was like an insurmountable mountain. In all these years, the Burning Heaven Empire had only produced one Su Qian!
Su Lingyun herself was not strong enough, but with her position, she had come into contact with too many secret histories. She knew very well that there was always someone stronger than him. Su Qian might be a tyrant in the Eastern Region, but once he walked out of the Eastern Region and onto the broader stage of the world, he was nothing.
Just like in the Cloud Hall, it was said that there were many people stronger than her father. Not to mention, there were also the Hall Masters, Vice Hall Masters, and many Elders in the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, it was not impossible for Su Qian to fall …
In these two years, Su Qian never went to court. The news from the palace was that her father was in seclusion, so it was always the Crown Prince Su Fan, Su Lingyun's elder brother, who acted as the ruler.
According to the Burning Heaven Palace's rules, if her father did not show up after three years, the Crown Prince would ascend the throne and establish himself as the new Emperor, and Su Qian would become the Retired Emperor …
If Su Qian really was in seclusion, this arrangement would not be a problem. However, the seven princes in the palace did not believe that Su Qian was in seclusion. They were more inclined to believe that Su Qian had already fallen outside the Eastern Region.
It was precisely this kind of rumor that made those princes see an opportunity, an opportunity to usurp the throne.
In this year's time, the Seventh Prince Su Xing had always been preparing, wantonly roping in the Yun Family and the Yu Family of the Seven Noble Families. And the Third Prince Su Rui was also eager to make a move, befriending the Huang Family and the Pei Family. At this sensitive time, wantonly roping in these noble families, his goal could be imagined!
In contrast, Su Lingyun's elder brother, the Crown Prince Su Fan's connections were far inferior to the other princes.
Because Su Fan was the eldest son, he was conferred the title of Crown Prince after birth. He had always lived deep in the Crown Prince's Eastern Palace, following those great literati every day to learn how to govern a country. In contrast, the other princes did not have that many opportunities to accumulate their own connections …
At that time, who could have known that their father would disappear?
Therefore, when Su Xing and Su Rui moved, Su Fan's position was in imminent danger.
However, Su Fan was still the Crown Prince in the end. Moreover, whether or not their father had fallen, this matter had not been confirmed. Therefore, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince were still in hiding, waiting for an opportunity.
Since ancient times, once it involved the struggle between imperial powers, how desperate were they? Often, it was either you die or I live. It was practically impossible for there to be a draw.
On one hand, Su Lingyun was worried about her elder brother Su Fan, and on the other hand, she did not wish to see her Family Su kill each other. Brothers looked at each other, so she wanted to join the Blue Cloud Sect.
Although Su Lingyun did not wish for the Blue Cloud Sect to control the Burning Heaven Palace, right now, other than the Blue Cloud Sect's power that could interfere, the other powers could not possibly interfere. On the contrary, the Burning Heaven Palace's various noble families would still add fuel to the fire from behind! They believed that after assisting the new king to take the throne, they could suppress the other noble families, thus breaking the current power structure and obtaining even more benefits.
Although Su Lingyun was the Royal Highness, the Blue Cloud Sect could not be controlled by her. Not only could she not, even the Crown Prince Su Fan could not.
Therefore, Su Lingyun had always been looking for a qualified candidate, which could be considered as helping Su Fan find a person to protect him. And this person could not be a noble child, only a commoner. This was also the reason why Su Lingyun chose to be a teacher on Xiao Yufeng. Because Xiao Yufeng was ranked last, Xiao Yufeng had the most commoner disciples!
Su Lingyun also knew that pinning her hopes on a Blue Cloud Sect disciple was undoubtedly a fool's talk. Looking at history, there were many commoner disciples who had amazing achievements, but compared to the noble children, this ratio was shockingly low!
Therefore, Su Lingyun had the intention of treating a dead horse as a living horse. If she was really lucky, and a disciple she had her eyes on had a sudden increase in strength, even passing the Qingyun Road test, being valued by the Cloud Hall, and being taken in as a disciple of the Cloud Hall, then the dead knot in the Imperial Palace could be opened.
This possibility was really too small. It was purely better than nothing. It was no wonder that people felt that she was wasting her time coming to Xiao Yufeng …
＝＝＝＝＝