Su Lingyun had tested a lot of geniuses, and had also recruited a lot of talented warriors from various counties of the Eastern Domain in Xiao Yufeng, but for the time being, she didn't see any hope.
"Mentor Su!" After receiving the news, Luo Zheng immediately came to find Su Lingyun, but found that Su Lingyun wasn't in her room, so he went to the pavilion to find Su Lingyun.
Seeing Luo Zheng, Su Lingyun put away the lonely expression on her face, and said with a smile, "You came?"
"Mentor Su seems to have something on her mind?" Luo Zheng's eyes were extremely sharp, and he clearly saw that Su Lingyun's expression was unnatural.
Su Lingyun avoided this topic, and stared at Luo Zheng, and asked, "Hey, what have you been cultivating recently? How come your eyes are so sharp? "
Even though Su Lingyun was in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, she could still feel that Luo Zheng was faintly emitting a sharp aura, and some of the aura even caused tiny scratches on Su Lingyun's Protective Zhen Yuan. This was clearly an effect caused by comprehending an extremely sharp Concept.
Just like those powerhouses of the Divine Reflection Realm, relying on their powerful Qi Power, they could make people faint with just a stare.
Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng seemed to have comprehended a kind of soul attack, but the effect of soul attack and Concept were somewhat similar, but the principle was completely different. Soul attack required the user to actively use the soul to attack, while Concept was a kind of realm that a person emitted all the time, and this realm could automatically give the surrounding people a sense of oppression.
Luo Zheng could originally withdraw the Protective Sword Intent he had comprehended, but at this moment his intuition told him that it was better not to do so. He had just comprehended Sword Intent, and was still unable to freely withdraw and release it. Therefore, it was better to let the Sword Intent naturally emit for a period of time, and wait until it stabilized.
Hearing Su Lingyun's words, Luo Zheng nodded, "I comprehended a kind of Sword Intent on the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform."
"Sword Intent?" Su Lingyun was startled, "I remember that you don't use your fists?"
In Su Lingyun's impression, Luo Zheng only had a throwing knife as a weapon, and although that knife was extremely sharp, it was destined not to be a common weapon, and could only be used for surprise attacks.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I just started practicing the sword recently."
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Su Lingyun was speechless. He had just started practicing the sword recently, and he had comprehended Sword Intent? This was …
In Su Lingyun's opinion, Luo Zheng had indeed created many terrifying miracles. For example, he had single-handedly challenged all the outer disciples of the Vulture Peak, and he had exchanged a punch with Wang Yanmiao of the Divine Reflection Realm with the strength of a half-step Xiantian. This was enough to show that Luo Zheng was not an ordinary genius.
However, Sword Intent was originally an illusory concept. Some swordsmen, in order to comprehend Sword Intent, hugged their swords and cultivated for dozens of years. Whether it was eating or sleeping, they would never be separated from their swords at any time, in order to pursue the pinnacle of Sword Dao and comprehend that trace of illusory Sword Intent. Even so, most people could not comprehend the slightest bit of Sword Intent in their lifetime, and finally died with regrets, unable to close their eyes.
However, Luo Zheng had just started practicing the sword casually, and he had already comprehended Sword Intent?
If there was someone who was most likely to walk the Qingyun Road and step into the Cloud Hall in the future, Su Lingyun's intuition told her that as long as Luo Zheng grew up and his weapon did not fall, he was the most likely.
However … it was too late.
There was less than a year before the Crown Prince ascended the throne, and the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince were already ready to make a move. In this one year, they would choose any suitable time to make a move, and it was even possible that they would make a move the moment the Crown Prince ascended the throne.
Although Luo Zheng's strength had steadily increased, he was currently only at the Xiantian second stage, which was far from enough …
Su Lingyun felt that it was a pity. If Luo Zheng was given two or three years, she was almost certain that Luo Zheng would become one of the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect!
Although it was a pity, Su Lingyun, who had grown up in the palace since she was a child, was much more mature than the average person. No matter what, she would not give up until the last moment. Even though she also thought that it was very naive of her to rashly choose to come to the Blue Cloud Sect, once she had decided on something, she would walk it until the sky turned dark, and she would not give up.
"You've just started practicing the sword recently, and you've already comprehended Sword Intent. Your luck is too …" Su Lingyun did not know what else to say. She had called Luo Zheng up. Originally, she wanted to let Luo Zheng and the other disciples take the test to enter the inner sect, because only the inner sect disciples were qualified to participate in the All-Sect Competition.
The All-Sect Competition was held once every three years. Su Lingyun's original intention was to let Luo Zheng show his face in the All-Sect Competition. After all, all the young talents of the Blue Cloud Sect would gather in the All-Sect Competition. Su Lingyun did not expect Luo Zheng to be able to obtain a ranking. He was still young, only seventeen years old, and his future potential was limitless! Perhaps Luo Zheng could obtain a certain ranking in the next All-Sect Competition.
It couldn't be helped. There were too many talented youths in this world who had opportunities. Luo Zheng could obtain the favor of the heavens through fortuitous encounters, but so could others. This was also the reason why Su Lingyun didn't think highly of Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Su Lingyun finally got the topic back on track. "You've already entered the Xiantian Secret Realm, so it stands to reason that you can enter the inner sect. However, to be selected, you still need to pass the test. This test will be arranged tomorrow, and the top thirty disciples of Xiao Yufeng's outer sect will participate."
Luo Zheng nodded. This test should not be too stressful for him.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Su Lingyun immediately asked, "Do you know why I want you to enter Xiao Yufeng's inner sect now?"
"Is it about the All-Sect Competition?" Luo Zheng asked rhetorically.
Su Lingyun nodded and immediately said, "Yes, in this All-Sect Competition, I only need you to experience the strength of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. I don't ask you to obtain a ranking, but … there is one thing you must pay attention to. The number of disciples that can be sent to the All-Sect Competition is limited. This quota is different for each mountain and is allocated according to strength. Our Xiao Yufeng only has seven quotas."
The All-Sect Competition was a competition between the top inner sect disciples of the 33 mountains.
However, there was a huge gap in strength between the 33 mountains. Take Tianyi Peak, which was ranked first, as an example. In Tianyi Peak's inner sect, there were already many Xiantian Peak experts, and there were even inner sect disciples who had broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm! Compared to Xiao Yufeng's inner sect, the strongest one was only at the Xiantian Peak.
If the quota of each mountain was equal, it was bound to cause serious unfairness. For example, the Tianyi Peak's Xiantian Peak experts were not even qualified to represent Tianyi Peak, and the strength of the disciples sent by Xiao Yufeng was only at the Xiantian fifth or sixth stage.
Therefore, according to certain rules, the quota was not fixed.
Tianyi Peak's strength was the strongest, and there were as many as 43 disciples in this All-Sect Competition! And Xiao Yufeng, which was ranked last, only had seven quotas.
"These seven quotas are ranked according to the strength of the inner sect disciples. That is to say, only the top seven inner sect disciples can represent Xiao Yufeng in the competition. I can't help you with this, so you must rely on your own strength to strive to enter the top seven," Su Lingyun said slowly.
According to Su Lingyun's view, although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage, but in terms of real fighting strength, he should be able to challenge the inner sect disciples at the Xiantian seventh stage.
The top disciple of Xiao Yufeng's inner sect was at the Xiantian Peak, and the seventh disciple was at the Xiantian seventh stage. According to Luo Zheng's previous fighting strength, he should be able to strive to enter the top seven!
The ranking of the inner sect disciples was automatically generated according to the test.
This point could not be falsified. If Su Lingyun forcibly placed Luo Zheng in the top seven, the other inner sect disciples would naturally not be convinced. Not to mention that Su Lingyun also felt that she did not need to do so.
"I understand, the test will be carried out tomorrow, right?" Luo Zheng nodded.
"Yes, tomorrow morning, I will arrange for you to continue the test. Whether you can enter the top seven and represent Xiao Yufeng in the competition will depend on your performance," Su Lingyun said with a smile. Seeing Luo Zheng's confident expression, Su Lingyun also seemed to have some confidence in her heart. It seemed that he was quite confident in his own strength!
The next day, Xiao Yufeng ushered in the annual test.
This test was very important for the outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng, because the results of the test would directly determine whether they could be promoted to the inner sect disciples!
However, only the top 30 outer sect disciples could participate in the test. Finally, the disciples would be ranked according to the results of the test, and the top 10 disciples would be able to enter the inner sect.
On the outer sect's Drill Ground, a medium-sized illusion array appeared. Around the illusion array, there were many obscure runes engraved. At this moment, those runes were emitting a light blue light. Obviously, they were in an activated state.
Although the top 30 disciples would participate in the test, many outer sect disciples were still very concerned about the results of the test, so most of the outer sect disciples would not miss it.
Su Lingyun and several other mentors had already arrived early. Although the illusion array had already been arranged, a series of preparatory work such as placing the crystal stones and activating the illusion array runes had to be done.
The top 30 disciples quickly arrived, including Hao Shige, Zhang Wuxian, and others.
In fact, if the ranking was strictly based on the realm, the top 10 disciples would have a great advantage. They were most likely to achieve a high score and enter the inner sect.
However, this was often not the case. Although some disciples' realms were low, but the power techniques they practiced were relatively powerful, so they could obtain a higher score during the test. Once, there was an outer sect disciple who was ranked 29th on Xiao Yufeng, and he had successfully broken into the top 10 and entered the inner sect.
"Luo Zheng has already reached the Xiantian realm. With his strength, there is no need for him to take the test. He can directly enter the inner sect!"
"What do you know? It is easy to enter the inner sect, but Luo Zheng's strength is outstanding. It is said that this time, he wants to use this illusion array to break into the top 7 of the inner sect and directly participate in the competition! "
"It is impossible for him to enter the top 7. Although Xiao Yufeng is not good, but the strength of the top 7 of the inner sect has already reached the Xiantian sixth stage or above. Although Luo Zheng is an evildoer, but it is impossible for him to jump so many stages and challenge a master of the Xiantian seventh stage!"
"Ha ha, have you seen the limit of Luo Zheng's strength? If not, why do you think those black-robed disciples are here to observe? Look over here, the black-robed disciple standing on the side is called Wang Xufeng. He is ranked 7th on Xiao Yufeng's inner sect. Originally, he was qualified to represent Xiao Yufeng in the competition! But this time, he is still very nervous. If Luo Zheng explodes with a high score, it is very likely that he will be replaced! "