This time, Wang Xufeng had followed his senior and junior brothers to the Outer Sect to watch.
In fact, at the beginning, Wang Xufeng did not feel much danger. With his strength of Xiantian seventh stage, there was a big gap between him and Xiao Yufeng who was ranked eighth.
Today's test could be carried out every day in Xiao Yufeng's inner court. Even this illusion array itself was a way for inner court disciples to train.
Wang Xufeng's best result was 18,000 points in the test, while Jia Yun who was ranked eighth only had 15,000 points. It was impossible for him to catch up with him in a short time.
But in recent days, there had been a rumor that in this competition, outer court disciple Luo Zheng would represent Xiao Yufeng.
The seven spots in the inner court had already been determined according to the rankings. If Luo Zheng represented Xiao Yufeng, then the one who would be squeezed out would definitely be Wang Xufeng who was ranked seventh.
At first, Wang Xufeng did not take it seriously. He thought that how could an outer court disciple surpass him? However, after the Demon Slaying Trial, Lin Geng, who had a good ranking in the inner court, confidently told others that Luo Zheng's strength was very strong, so strong that it was unbelievable. He could fight against a Demon General alone!
Lin Geng's strength was indeed strong, but there was still a certain gap between him and the top ten inner court disciples. Therefore, Lin Geng's words could only be used as a reference to a certain extent.
Even so, Wang Xufeng was still a little uneasy. Lin Geng said that Luo Zheng could fight against a Demon General, but Wang Xufeng himself was still not sure if he could defeat a Demon General!
From this point of view, Luo Zheng still had the strength to reach the top seven.
Today, Wang Xufeng was not the only inner court disciple who came to watch the competition. Other inner court disciples also came down, including the fifth ranked Zhou Le and the third ranked Yuquan …
Yuquan's surname was Shi, and his full name was Shi Yuquan. Shi Yuquan had begun to pay attention to Luo Zheng when he was still a half-step Xiantian master. At that time, Shi Yuquan asserted that if Luo Zheng stepped into the inner court, he would strive for the position of inner court disciple in the future!
But at that time, Shi Yuquan thought that Luo Zheng would need at least a period of time to gain the qualifications to challenge the Inner Sect Disciple Rankings.
Unexpectedly, in just a few months, Luo Zheng had already broken through to the Xiantian Secret Realm and was charging towards the seventh place.
Shi Yuquan looked at Luo Zheng in the distance. Luo Zheng didn't have much of an expression on his face. He only maintained a faint smile. Just from this smile, one could see that he was very confident. Shi Yuquan suddenly had an idea. Luo Zheng might not be aiming for the seventh rank in the inner sect. He might be aiming for a higher rank!
However, no matter what the ranking was, Wang Xufeng, who was ranked seventh, would definitely be squeezed out in the end. He was no threat to Shi Yuquan, who was ranked third. Even if Luo Zheng surpassed Shi Yuquan, he could still represent Xiao Yufeng in the All-Peak Competition!
When all the top 30 outer court disciples had arrived, a mentor announced the start of the test.
The first disciple was Zhao Zhuotian, who was ranked 30th. For someone like Zhao Zhuotian who had just entered the top 30, there was little hope for him to reach the top 10 and enter the inner court. However, this illusion array was free for Zhao Zhuotian to use once. It could be seen as a form of training. At the same time, it could also be used to assess his strength. For outer court disciples, this was a rare opportunity.
When Zhao Zhuotian entered the illusion array, a milky white mist wrapped around him.
This illusion array was a medium-sized one, so it wouldn't create a scene that would change the world. After it wrapped around the tester, it would create an illusion to test the tester.
After a while, Zhao Zhuotian's body trembled violently. Then, the mist around him dissipated layer by layer …
A mentor next to him read Zhao Zhuotian's score, "Zhao Zhuotian, 410 points, failure!"
In order to enter the inner court, the first requirement was to be in the top 10. The second requirement was to exceed the basic score by 3,000 points. If someone entered the top 10 this time, but the basic score didn't reach 3,000 points, then this person wouldn't be able to enter the inner court. This only showed that the strength of this batch of disciples was too weak. It didn't prove that this disciple was qualified to enter the inner court.
Zhao Zhuotian was very optimistic. He walked out of the illusion array with a smile. Although he wasn't satisfied with the score he obtained, his strength was still there. Being able to maintain a positive attitude at any time and place was also a skill.
It was just like some martial artists who were favored by the heavens. From childhood to adulthood, everything had been smooth sailing. They had to win against any opponent they encountered. If such a person was narrow-minded, it would be difficult for them to clear their mind after one failure. This would hinder their martial arts heart, and it would be difficult for them to achieve anything in the future.
"Second, Xu Xiao, accept the test!"
"Third …"
On average, each disciple took the test for around an incense stick of time. Some people took a longer time, at most two to three incense sticks of time.
From 30th place onwards, the score slowly began to rise.
When it came to 13th place, the score had already risen to 3,100 points.
Obtaining more than 3,000 points gave one the qualifications to enter the inner court. In other words, the 13th place inner court disciple already had the qualifications to enter the inner court. But, this depended on the performance of the 12 people in front of him.
If three people's scores were lower than his, then he would be able to enter the inner court. This possibility wasn't high.
However, from his score, it could be seen that Xiao Yufeng's strength had increased. At the very least, the 13th place disciple had already broken through 3,000 points. Then, the competition for points would be even more intense.
After a while, the results of the 12th, 11th, and 10th place disciples came out one after another. They had all surpassed 3,000 points.
The 13th place disciple's face gradually darkened. It was impossible to hope that the outer court disciples in front of him would have lower scores than him. It seemed that although he had surpassed 3,000 points this time, he was still destined to be eliminated.
When Zhang Wuxian came out of the white fog, his round face had a smile. It could be seen that this time, he was very confident that he had obtained a good result.
Sure enough, a mentor shouted, "Zhang Wuxian, 4,033 points!"
He was the first outer court disciple to break 4,000 points.
The next test was basically without suspense. It was just a matter of the score. But this batch of outer court disciples had all obtained high scores. As long as they didn't perform abnormally, they could basically be promoted to the inner court.
Finally, after Hao Shige obtained a good result of 5,500 points, it was Luo Zheng's turn to go on stage.
Luo Zheng was the highlight of this test.
No matter who it was, everyone believed that Luo Zheng's score wouldn't be low. It was very likely that his score would be twice as high as Hao Shige's.
However, some people had heard that Luo Zheng wanted to reach the top seven, so they paid attention to Wang Xufeng's score. Wang Xufeng had obtained a terrifying score of 1,800 points. Most of the outer court disciples believed that it was impossible for Luo Zheng to surpass Wang Xufeng.
"Hey, Wang Xufeng, are you nervous?" An inner court disciple next to Wang Xufeng asked.
Wang Xufeng turned his head and glanced at that inner court disciple. The one who had spoken was the second ranked inner court disciple, Yao Le. Looking at Yao Le's gloating appearance, Wang Xufeng didn't feel good. Because Yao Le was ranked second, Luo Zheng's score had surpassed Yao Le's, so he could only squeeze Wang Xufeng out of the top seven.
Seeing this guy gloating in front of him, Wang Xufeng was very unhappy in his heart. However, Yao Le's strength was at the Xiantian ninth stage, which was close to the Xiantian Full Circle stage. Wang Xufeng was naturally not his opponent. At this moment, he could only endure and clench his fists tightly as he watched Luo Zheng enter the illusion matrix.
The All-Sect Competition was a very important competition. It was an opportunity for every disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Some disciples might not have achieved particularly good results in the All-Sect Competition, but because they had shown amazing talent in some aspects, they had been accepted as pro-disciples by the high-level figures of the Blue Cloud Sect. Such examples could be found everywhere. No matter who it was, no one would want to miss this opportunity.
When Luo Zheng walked into the runes, the runes on the ground suddenly flashed with blue rays of light, and then a burst of white fog spread out and wrapped his whole body.
Compared to the illusion matrix on the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform, the setup of this medium-sized illusion matrix was much simpler. After being wrapped in the white fog, the surrounding environment didn't change in the slightest. However, not far away, some figures appeared in Ying Ying's pupils and those figures surrounded Luo Zheng.
"Half-step Xiantian?" Luo Zheng licked his lips and a faint smile appeared on his face.
These people were all half-step Xiantian experts. With Luo Zheng's current strength, these half-step Xiantian experts were basically no trouble for him.
However, the number of these people was not small. Looking around, one could see that they were almost everywhere. It seemed that there were no less than 100 people.
Luo Zheng took out the Flowing Light Long Sword in his hand, stretched out his hand and gently shook it. A Sword Qi scattered from the Flowing Light Long Sword.
Those figures were cut by the Sword Qi and instantly turned into clouds of fog and merged with the white fog.
"Kill!"
Wherever the Sword Qi passed by, seven or eight people were cut into white fog in an instant. This level of test was basically a one-sided slaughter.
In a few breaths of time, hundreds of half-step Xiantian experts were wiped out by Luo Zheng.
"That's it?" Luo Zheng did not think that this test was difficult, but now it seemed to be too simple.
As soon as his voice faded, a group of people appeared in front of him again. This time, the strength of these people was slightly higher than that of Luo Zheng, and they were at the Xiantian second stage.
There was a big gap between half-step Xiantian realm and Xiantian realm. Although the Xiantian second stage experts were still unable to resist Luo Zheng's Sword Qi, but their speed of dealing with it was obviously slower.
Even some of the Xiantian second stage experts were able to attack Luo Zheng during the gap between Luo Zheng's moves.
Luo Zheng's body had an abnormal defensive power, so even the Xiantian second stage experts were not able to break through his defense. At this time, he still gave up on defending and concentrated all his thoughts on attacking. He continued to slaughter the Xiantian second stage experts.
One by one, Luo Zheng's Sword Qi turned into white fog. It took Luo Zheng an incense stick's worth of time to completely slaughter this group of experts. However, the physical strength he consumed was recovered in just a long breath.
"Is there anyone else?" Luo Zheng tightly held his Flowing-light Sword, and a wisp of Sword Qi was circulating back and forth on the sword's body.
Soon, the third wave of experts appeared.
"Xiantian sixth stage, although they only have the most basic strength, but it is enough for me to seriously deal with them." Luo Zheng's complexion finally became serious.
In a one-on-one fight, the Xiantian sixth stage experts were far from being Luo Zheng's opponents, but there were nearly twenty Xiantian sixth stage experts not far away.
Facing twenty Xiantian second stage experts alone, even Luo Zheng had to be serious.
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng's Sword Qi chopped towards a warrior in the front, but to Luo Zheng's surprise, that man was actually able to block Luo Zheng's Sword Qi.
"The strength of a Xiantian sixth stage expert is really different, but … … .how can a dignified immortal tool be so easy to block?" Luo Zheng forcefully waved his Sword Qi and a teeth-numbing sound was heard. That was the sound of a warrior's weapon being cut in half by Luo Zheng's Flowing-light Sword. Luo Zheng's Sword Qi chopped the warrior's weapon into two halves, and then the warrior's body turned into white fog.
After killing the first Xiantian sixth stage expert, the other four warriors rushed towards Luo Zheng. After the difficulty increased, Luo Zheng seemed to have some difficulty in dealing with the combined attack of four Xiantian sixth stage experts. Luo Zheng didn't choose to directly resist.
On the contrary, he moved his feet and his whole body instantly flickered to the side, while simultaneously brandishing his Flowing-light Sword in his hand.
"Collapsing Sword!"