"Swish … …"
The fragmented sword intent formed countless tiny vortexes in front of Luo Zheng, and these vortexes rotated in different directions and speeds, but all the warriors who were sucked into these vortexes were instantly torn into pieces.
It was the same basic swordsmanship, but this basic swordsmanship, after being simplified, had derived the power of the sword intent to the extreme!
"Kill, kill, kill … …"
The Flowing Light sword in his hand was like a flowing light, shuttling back and forth between those Xiantian sixth stage warriors. This extremely mysterious basic swordsmanship was not something they could resist.
But after all, they were Xiantian sixth stage warriors, so Luo Zheng could not do it as easily as before. Every time he dealt with a warrior, he had to adjust his swordsmanship to find the opponent's flaw and kill them in one blow.
Even so, it did not take much time to kill these twenty Xiantian sixth stage warriors, and in a short while, Luo Zheng had killed all of them.
"I have not reached the limit, but according to this growth in strength, the difficulty of the next wave will increase a lot."
This wave consisted of twenty Xiantian sixth stage warriors, and the next wave was likely to consist of Xiantian eighth stage warriors, so Luo Zheng had to face twenty Xiantian eighth stage warriors at once, which was somewhat difficult.
Bursts of white mist flickered, and a human figure condensed from the white mist.
Seeing these human figures, Luo Zheng's face revealed a wry smile, it seemed that his guess was still too low, and he did not expect that there would be ten Xiantian complete masters … …
He would kill as many as he could, and in the illusion matrix, he would not be injured, and it was also a good opportunity to review his strength. Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light sword in his hand, stepped forward, and stimulated the basic swordsmanship in his mind to the extreme. His whole body exuded a turbulent sword intent, and rushed towards those ten Xiantian complete masters.
Outside the illusion matrix, Xiao Yufeng's outer court disciples had been waiting for a long time.
Previously, when a disciple came into contact with the illusion matrix, the shortest time was only a few breaths, and the longest time was only a few incense sticks worth of time, but now Luo Zheng had already stepped into the illusion matrix for half an hour.
"Is there a problem with the illusion matrix?"
"How is that possible, the runes on the illusion matrix are operating well, and none of them are damaged, how can there be a problem so easily?"
"Maybe Luo Zheng is too strong, and the illusions inside are not enough for him to kill."
"I don't know, we will know after a while!"
The outer disciples of the Tiny Rain Peak were discussing animatedly, but most of them were more optimistic. Hao Shige, who lasted for the time it took for three incense sticks to burn, had obtained more than five thousand points, and Luo Zheng, who lasted for one hour, how many points could he obtain?
Compared to the outer disciples, the instructors of Little Rain Peak had more information.
Because the Illusion Array Disk was in their hands, they could not see the situation inside, but they could read Luo Zheng's information through the Illusion Array Disk.
"He's so powerful. To think that he could hold on for so long under the joint attack of ten Xiantian Full Circle experts," one of the mentors said as he held the Illusion Array Disc in his hand. This mentor's strength was not weak, and was about the same as Su Lingyun's. However, even he could not hold on for so long under the joint attack of ten Xiantian Full Circle experts.
Su Lingyun's eyes also revealed a trace of surprise.
She knew that Luo Zheng's growth speed was astonishing, from when he entered the inner court and defeated a half-step Xiantian warrior with the strength of Viscera Refining realm, to when he defeated a Xiantian first stage warrior with the strength of Marrow Refining realm … … all of these showed that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond his realm.
But there was a limit to the strength of an ordinary person.
Just from Luo Zheng's performance in the past, this limit was not outrageous, and Luo Zheng could challenge those of a higher realm. Because there were many factors that affected a warrior's strength, such as the quality of the cultivation technique, the grade of the weapon, and many other human factors.
For example, a Xiantian first stage warrior from the Blue Cloud Sect could often deal with a Xiantian second stage or even a Xiantian third stage warrior from a small family in the Eastern region.
But there was a limit to this kind of challenge. Now, Luo Zheng's gap was too big, he was only at the Xiantian second stage, but he could actually kill 20 Xiantian sixth stage warriors, and not only that, he could also resist the siege of 20 Xiantian peak warriors … …
This kind of strength was a bit too monstrous.
Su Lingyun's pair of beautiful eyes became more and more surprised. According to this inference, even if he faced a person who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, he was still qualified to fight?
Su Lingyun did not know that a Divine Reflection Realm warrior had already been defeated by Luo Zheng, and another Divine Reflection Realm warrior, Xu Xiu, had also suffered a great loss at the hands of Luo Zheng.
Originally, Su Lingyun's plan was to let Luo Zheng show his face in this year's All-Sect Competition and feel the atmosphere of the All-Sect Competition. Luo Zheng's realm was still too low, and his cultivation was only at the Xiantian second stage. More importantly, he was now only 17 years old!
If given another three years, Luo Zheng should be able to get a good result in the All-Sect Competition three years later! There were too many enchanting geniuses in the Blue Cloud Sect, and Su Lingyun thought that her estimation was not bad.
However, she did not expect that Luo Zheng would burst out with such strength during the test!
Although the Xiantian Full Circle warriors in the illusory array were the most basic Full Circle warriors, and Su Lingyun's strength was enough to face two or three of them without being defeated, she did not have the ability to kill them. However, not only had Luo Zheng endured until now, but he was also looking for a chance to fight back!
After a while, one of the red dots on the array disk disappeared.
Every red dot on the array disk represented a Xiantian Full Circle warrior. When one of the red dots disappeared, it meant that Luo Zheng had killed one of them.
"Under the siege of ten Xiantian Full Circle warriors, he was still able to fight back?" Previously, Su Lingyun and several other mentors were still guessing whether Luo Zheng had relied on some kind of strange body movement to blindly run away. However, the warrior on the array disk had been killed, which meant that Luo Zheng still had a chance to fight back …
Xiao Yufeng's inner sect and outer sect were two completely different things.
In the end, the outer sect disciples were just a place to send talents to the inner sect. Even Xiao Yufeng, which was ranked last, had Xiantian Full Circle warriors.
And the top ranked peaks, such as Tianyi Peak, even had inner sect disciples who had broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm.
However, Luo Zheng's current performance was enough to prove that even in the inner sect, he was still a top existence!
After another hour, Luo Zheng, who was standing in the illusory array, suddenly trembled. The white fog finally dissipated.
"He finally came out. This guy is really a monster!"
"I wonder how many points he got …"
Many outer sect disciples had patiently waited here for almost two hours to see how many points Luo Zheng could get in the test. Who would have thought that they would wait for almost two hours?
After that mentor checked, he immediately shouted, "Luo Zheng, 55,000 points!"
"Wow …"
The scene quickly started to discuss.
This score was too abnormal …
Zhang Wuxian, Mo Can, and the others also opened their eyes wide. As Luo Zheng's good friends, they had seen Luo Zheng's terrifying strength. However, strength was something that could not be quantified as long as they did not fight.
But now, the score was out.
55,000 points!
This score was more than 20 times that of Zhang Wuxian's!
"Doesn't this mean that Luo Zheng alone can beat 20 of me?" Zhang Wuxian said with a smile.
Mo Can laughed, "20, I'm afraid it's more than that!"
Strength could not be measured by a numerical value. With Zhang Wuxian's strength, he could not do anything to Luo Zheng. If he used the human wave tactic, he was afraid that no matter how many Zhang Wuxian's went up, he would not be able to defeat Luo Zheng. Unless he had an army with the same strength as Zhang Wuxian, he could completely exhaust Zhang Wuxian's strength. Only then could he possibly defeat Luo Zheng.
Hearing Luo Zheng's score, Wang Xufeng's heart sank completely, and a forced smile hung on his face.
Wang Xufeng was somewhat unconvinced. After all, he had always stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng's strength was only at the Xiantian second stage. How strong could he be? He practiced martial arts freely and was considered a genius among geniuses in his area. The three big families of his county had given him full support, and he had been admitted to the Blue Cloud Sect at a young age. He had also entered the inner sect without spending too much effort.
Until now, Wang Xufeng was the pride of his family!
Therefore, Wang Xufeng had decided that even if Luo Zheng's assessment score really surpassed his, he would still choose to challenge Luo Zheng. Although he did not have much confidence in challenging Luo Zheng, but he would not be reconciled if he did not give it a try.
But when the mentor reported that shocking score, Wang Xufeng had already given up all thoughts of challenging Luo Zheng.
55,000 points … …
Not to mention Wang Xufeng, even the number one inner sect disciple, Zuo Yun, only had 40,000 points, and Zuo Yun was already at the Xiantian Complete realm. This guy's strength had actually surpassed Zuo Yun's.
Thinking of Zuo Yun's terrifying strength, Wang Xufeng simply did not have the courage to challenge him, but Luo Zheng was even stronger than Zuo Yun. If he still wanted to challenge him, then the final result would only be bringing disgrace upon himself.
With the strength of Xiantian second stage, he had obtained 55,000 points. The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the inner sect, he had already become the number one inner sect disciple in Xiao Yufeng!
This news almost made Xiao Yufeng boil with excitement.
For a long time, the gap between the outer sect and inner sect disciples was very huge. Often, an inner sect disciple would be a top existence in the outer sect.
But Luo Zheng had broken this tradition in one fell swoop. He had entered the outer sect for less than a year, and with a crushing attitude, he had become an inner sect disciple of Xiao Yufeng. Perhaps, since the establishment of Blue Cloud Sect, such a disciple had never appeared.
Although Luo Zheng was about to enter the inner sect, Luo Zheng was still an outer sect disciple. At this moment, he represented the glory of the outer sect!
After entering the inner sect, the amount of medicinal pills and monthly allowance would increase by a lot. Not only that, there were several secret cultivation grounds for inner sect disciples to cultivate in. Although these secret cultivation grounds couldn't be compared to the Fantasy Fish Pond and the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform, the secret cultivation grounds of the inner sect didn't cost points. For those grassroots disciples, it was a good place to cultivate. Even the descendants of landowning clans would choose those secret cultivation grounds because not every descendant of landowning clans could obtain the full support of their clans …
The Inner Sect was located at the peak of Xiao Yufeng, which was also the highest point in Xiao Yufeng.
After passing the assessment, the Deacon on Xiao Yufeng assigned Luo Zheng a new house. Luo Zheng packed his luggage casually, put it in the storage ring, and then moved from the outer door to the inner door.
When Luo Zheng climbed from the mountainside to the peak of the mountain, the black-robed disciples along the way cast strange looks at Luo Zheng.
Generally speaking, the inner sect disciples had a strong psychological advantage over the disciples who had just been promoted from the outer sect. This kind of psychological advantage was like the mentality of an old bird looking at a rookie.
After all, the strength of the disciples who had just been promoted was generally not too strong.
But this time, there was a Luo Zheng in this group of people!
＝＝＝＝＝