It was said that in the inner sect assessment, he had reached a terrifying 55,000 points. Even Zuo Yun, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, could not reach this level.
If even Zuo Yun, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, could not reach this level, what did that mean? It meant that Luo Zheng's real fighting strength was not weaker than the peak of the Xiantian realm, and it was very likely that he could rival a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse.
Everyone admired him, and at the same time, a glimmer of hope rose in their hearts.
The ranking of the 33 peaks was linked to various benefits and rewards. The disciples of Tianyi Peak, Black Rock Peak, and other top ranked peaks received monthly benefits, which made Xiao Yufeng extremely jealous.
Not only that, the Blue Cloud Sect would also send an illusion array master to build a large-scale illusion array in the inner sect of their peaks, and build a secret cultivation area for those inner sect disciples to use for free!
Although those secret cultivation areas might not be as good as the secret cultivation areas that required points, the difference was not too big. Compared to the secret cultivation areas on Xiao Yufeng, it was simply a world of difference.
The Blue Cloud Sect's rules were like this. Only the strong could get better treatment.
It was very difficult for Xiao Yufeng to produce strong people. In these years, there was only one person, Zuo Yun, but he was still stuck at the peak of the Xiantian realm, unable to break through.
As for Tianyi Peak and other peaks, because of the good benefits, they attracted powerful talents year after year.
This gradually created a gap between the strong and the weak. This gap was not shrinking, but expanding year after year.
Although the arrival of Su Lingyun slightly made up for this situation, just by relying on Su Lingyun alone, the effect was not big. Those genius disciples knew how to choose the best resources. Even if Su Lingyun forced people, those disciples had already set their sights on Tianyi Peak and Black Rock Peak. How could they be willing to come to Xiao Yufeng, which was ranked first from the bottom?
In any case, Xiao Yufeng had finally ushered in a true genius. If Luo Zheng really had such strength, it was not impossible for him to compete with those talents of the 33 peaks for the ranking!
But as long as Luo Zheng could enter the top 30, or even the top 50, he might be able to move Xiao Yufeng's ranking up a little!
Some disciples even thought that Luo Zheng would copy what Luo Yan had done in the past.
Luo Yan had only been locked up in Purgatory Mountain for two years, so many disciples still remembered Luo Yan's glorious battle accomplishments. Relying on her female body, she continuously suffered defeats, slaughtering her way into the finals, using her own strength to bring Jade Maiden Peak to the height of second place!
There were even many gossipy disciples who realized that Luo Yan and Luo Zheng both had the surname Luo. Could they be brother and sister?
However, with the power of these disciples, it would be quite difficult to investigate the relationship between them. They could only stay at the level of speculation.
Moreover, there were so many people with the surname Luo in this world. How could a surname link the two together?
After arriving at the peak, Luo Zheng, Mo Can, and the other newly promoted inner disciples went through some procedures and changed their disciple plates and robes.
Now, Luo Zheng's daily training was basically focused on the Fantasy Fish Pond and the Seven Star Sword Light Platform. The Fantasy Fish Pond was used to temper Luo Zheng's body and dantian, while the Seven Star Sword Light Platform was naturally used to temper Luo Zheng's sword intent.
There were still more than two months before the Peak Wide Competition. Time was not enough for Luo Zheng. He had to make the best use of every second to cultivate.
This kind of life continued for a week. In the inner sect, no one dared to challenge Luo Zheng. Even Zuo Yun, who was at the peak of the Xiantian realm, after realizing that Luo Zheng's strength far surpassed his, he also gave up the idea of challenging Luo Zheng.
If he didn't challenge, Zuo Yun still had some face. If Zuo Yun was really defeated by Luo Zheng, a warrior of the Xiantian second stage, then his face would really be swept to the ground.
A week later, Su Lingyun suddenly found Luo Zheng again and somewhat hurriedly told Luo Zheng that she would be away for two months. She also urged Luo Zheng to practice hard during these two months and that she would rush back before the peak competition.
Luo Zheng didn't take Su Lingyun's advice seriously. Instead, he was somewhat concerned about Su Lingyun's whereabouts. Since Mentor Su was in such a hurry, could it be that she had encountered something difficult?
But since Su Lingyun didn't take the initiative to mention it, Luo Zheng also didn't directly ask. After Su Lingyun left, Luo Zheng asked Xiao Yufeng and several other mentors indirectly. The other mentors also didn't know much about this situation.
Luo Zheng thought of the lonely appearance of Su Lingyun when he saw her sitting alone in the pavilion a few days ago. His heart slightly moved and he couldn't help but feel a little worried. After all, she was the Imperial Highness of the dynasty.
It was said that the Crown Prince was very likely to ascend the throne in a year.
Looking at the long river of history, every time a new Emperor ascended the throne, it would set off stormy waves. The struggle in the palace was far crueler than imagined. Because the struggle for the throne was not allowed to fail. Once failed, it would be an abyss of eternal damnation. In addition to death, the root of the problem would be eliminated and the nine generations of the Emperor would be implicated.
As for who the next Emperor was, it didn't have the slightest relation to Luo Zheng. What Luo Zheng was worried about was Su Lingyun. With Su Lingyun's identity, she almost couldn't avoid being caught up in this storm.
Regardless of whether it was those damn eunuchs in Burning Sky Palace or those Divine Reflection Realm experts from the eight great noble families, Luo Zheng couldn't face them with his current strength. However, if someone wanted to harm Su Lingyun, Luo Zheng would similarly take action without any hesitation!
Previously, there was only one person Luo Zheng wanted to protect, and that was precisely Luo Yan. Bringing Luo Yan out from Purgatory Mountain was Luo Zheng's most pressing wish. However, right now, Su Lingyun was added to this list in his heart.
However, a martial artist's strength would always be above their strength. Without a foundation of strength, everything else was just a fantasy, an illusion. In the end, they could only turn into eerie white bones, become a stepping stone for other experts, forever unable to rise above others.
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng's cultivation during this period of time became more and more frantic.
During this period of time, the various cultivation secret realms within Blue Cloud Sect were also packed with people. This was especially the case for those who were selected for the Peak Competition. They practically spent all of their time in the secret realms.
Even the disciples who weren't selected for the Peak Competition were also charging towards the top of the inner sect rankings. If they could break through their own cultivation before the Peak Competition's name list was set, there was still a trace of hope for them to make it onto the list!
A secret cultivation ground like the Illusion Fish Pool that only allowed one person to enter at a time was even more difficult to fight over. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's endurance was far greater than that of ordinary martial artists. Normal people would only be able to last for two hours at most before having to come out, but Luo Zheng could often last for six to eight hours.
Therefore, every time Luo Zheng finished his cultivation in the Illusion Fish Pool, when he came out, he could see a long queue outside. Deacon Cao just looked at Luo Zheng with a bitter smile on his face.
On the Seven Stars Swordlight Platform, Luo Zheng was also constantly honing his sword essence, challenging his limits, and was able to defend more and more magnetic auroras.
Under the ninth level of difficulty, the magnetic auroras were coated with a layer of dreamy color. It was even more difficult to cut the magnetic auroras by relying on sword essence.
Luo Zheng had defended 52 waves in the ninth level of difficulty for the first time. Luo Zheng himself was slightly dissatisfied with this result, but Deacon Song, who was secretly observing him, was still extremely shocked.
Generally, only the Illuminating God Realm experts would enter the ninth level of difficulty for training. Moreover, some of the weaker Illuminating God Realm experts could only resist 40 to 50 waves, but Luo Zheng had actually defended more than 50 waves in one breath! He was only at the Xiantian second stage, so if Luo Zheng broke through to the Illuminating God Realm in the future, wouldn't he be able to easily break through 100 waves?
However, Deacon Song still underestimated Luo Zheng's terrifying comprehension ability.
Luo Zheng's sword intent grew sharper as it was honed again and again. The rays of sword light gradually became fuller and sharper.
Luo Zheng had defended 61 waves in the ninth level of difficulty for the second time.
Luo Zheng had defended 77 waves in the ninth level of difficulty for the third time.
Deacon Song was almost numb to Luo Zheng's progress, but what surprised Deacon Song was that some time ago, he had reported Luo Zheng's training records. According to his thinking, it was impossible for such an amazing genius like Luo Zheng to be buried in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Originally, Deacon Song had thought that after reporting, he would get a certain reward, but Deacon Song hadn't expected that the reply from the higher-ups would be "Rejected".
Just from the four big words "Rejected", he could read a lot of information. Just as he had thought, the outer court disciples were the talent pool for the inner court disciples, and the inner court disciples were the talent pool for the pro-disciples. However, all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were the talent pool for the high and mighty Cloud Hall.
For a genius like Luo Zheng, not to mention the Blue Cloud Sect, even the Cloud Hall wouldn't let him go. He had reported Luo Zheng's information, but the higher-ups didn't respond. This showed that there was a problem with Luo Zheng. Perhaps he had offended someone from the higher-ups, or perhaps he was related to some sensitive matters.
Compared to Deacon Cao, who had repeatedly reported information and then been scolded, it had to be said that Deacon Song was much smarter.
In addition to tempering himself in the Secret Territory, Luo Zheng didn't idle around. He used the night to comprehend the 《Demonic God Fist》.
The Demonic God Fist was a Sage Level cultivation method. It wasn't as simple as providing Luo Zheng with Demonic Qi. The first move of the Demonic God Fist could only be used as a single target attack. Although its power was great, it also consumed a lot of Luo Zheng's Demonic Qi.
The second move, Ten Thousand Demons Surge, was originally understood by Luo Zheng as a group attack move. However, as Luo Zheng practiced it in depth, he discovered that it was far from that simple.
The Ten Thousand Devils Surge could transform True Essence into black Demonic Phantom Shadows.
In the secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng sat upright. His hands were clasped together in a complicated pose. "Ten Thousand Demons Surge, open!"
"Huhuhuhu …"