After Luo Zheng's continuous refinement, the Heavenly Demon True Essence became even darker, and the purple color gradually faded away. Under the illumination of the light, it even reflected a black light, and the starlight embedded in the Heavenly Demon True Essence became even more dazzling.
Six streams of True Essence escaped from Luo Zheng's body. Under the control of Luo Zheng's thoughts, these True Essence condensed into silhouettes. These silhouettes were based on Luo Zheng's body, but they were much smaller, only about as tall as Luo Zheng. This was the shape of the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Luo Zheng looked at these Heavenly Demon Phantoms and suddenly pointed his finger, spitting out a single word, "Rise!"
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms began to dance around the room. The Heavenly Demon Phantoms were formed from true essence, so they were almost weightless. Therefore, their flying speed was extremely light, and their flying speed was extremely fast. In addition, there were six of them, so it was impossible to guard against them!
However, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he could only condense six Heavenly Demon Phantoms. According to the records of the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》, if one cultivated to the later stages and their master's spiritual force was strong enough, they could even condense thousands of Heavenly Demon Phantoms!
What was even more frightening was that because of the Heavenly Demon True Essence's special properties, each Heavenly Demon Phantom could absorb the other's True Essence to strengthen itself. If these Heavenly Demon Phantoms were nourished to the limit with True Essence, just how terrifying would their power be?
Hu hu hu hu …
Peng …
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms that Luo Zheng controlled weren't enough. One of the Heavenly Demon Phantoms went out of control and directly smashed through the walls of the training room. At the same time, it pierced through the walls of the two outer rooms, causing half of the room to collapse …
In the empty rooms of the inner court disciples, there was a training room. After reaching the Xiantian realm, every martial artist had their own secrets and unique skills. Therefore, many inner court disciples would enter this training room when they were researching their own unique skills. The walls of this training room were made of Aged Gold, so not only were they incomparably sturdy, but they were also able to isolate divine sense from spying on them.
Luo Zheng obviously didn't think that the Heavenly Demon Phantoms would be so powerful. When they went out of control, they directly smashed through the incomparably sturdy training room …
"What happened?"
"Why did the room collapse?"
The houses of the inner disciples were not far from each other. One of Luo Zheng's houses collapsed, which naturally attracted the attention of other inner disciples.
Luo Zheng came out of the hole and smiled. "Sorry, I didn't notice it when I was cultivating."
The collapse of the house wasn't a big deal, as they could just hire a few civilian craftsmen to repair it. But, when they saw the huge hole in the wall of the secret room, they couldn't help but gasp. The walls of the secret training room were made from Geng Gold and Iron Sand. Even if a Xiantian creature attacked with all his strength, it would be hard for him to leave a hole in the wall.
However, Luo Zheng was able to casually create a hole. What kind of cultivation method was Luo Zheng practicing?
The strength of these inner disciples was not bad, and they were at the Xiantian fifth or sixth stage, but they knew that it would be very difficult for them to break through the walls of the practice chamber, unless they were given a high-grade weapon.
"Brother Luo Zheng!" At this time, someone shouted Luo Zheng's name.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the voice and saw Lin Geng not far away. Luo Zheng hadn't seen Lin Geng since the Demon Slaying Parting. Now that he had entered the inner disciples of the Xiao Yufeng Sect, Luo Zheng had been immersed in the secret training area every day, so he didn't have much time.
"Brother Lin Geng, long time no see." Luo Zheng greeted him with a smile.
"Senior brother Zuo Yun invites you to come over to discuss the matters of the All-Peak Competition." Lin Geng had just come over to pass on the message. Since returning from the Demon Slaying Trials, Lin Geng had been deeply stimulated by the strength displayed by Luo Zheng. After returning from the Demon Slaying Trials, Lin Geng had been deeply stimulated by the strength displayed by Luo Zheng.
During this period of time, Lin Geng's strength had taken a step forward, but when he saw Luo Zheng directly jump from the Half-step Xiantian realm to the Xiantian second stage, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Luo Zheng was really too monstrous. Moreover, Lin Geng was a swordsman, and as a swordsman, he was most sensitive to "Sword Intent". Although Luo Zheng was just looking at him with an indifferent gaze, he could still feel the sharp aura emanating from Luo Zheng's body.
Could it be that he had comprehended Sword Intent?
Impossible!
Lin Geng had seen Luo Zheng's fighting style before. Luo Zheng had always relied on his fists and the flying dagger that came and went like a ghost.
When did he use a sword?
Since he had never used a sword, how could he have comprehended Sword Intent?
Lin Geng had practiced swordsmanship for dozens of years, but he still hadn't comprehended Sword Intent. For a swordsman, Sword Intent was something that could only be encountered by chance. Only those with extremely high comprehension and luck could possibly comprehend Sword Intent.
But how long had it been? Luo Zheng had comprehended Sword Intent?
But no matter how Lin Geng didn't believe it, the sharp aura emanating from Luo Zheng's body indicated that it was Sword Intent!
In the presence of so many people, Lin Geng didn't ask. Anyway, if Luo Zheng was going to participate in the Peak Competition, he would definitely display Sword Intent if he encountered a strong opponent. At that time, Lin Geng would be able to verify it. But Lin Geng felt that his heart couldn't bear the blow anymore. Sword Intent wasn't something that could be comprehended by casually practicing swordsmanship a few times …
"About the Peak Competition?" Luo Zheng nodded. For the upcoming Peak Competition, it was necessary to know their strength.
On the summit of Xiao Yufeng, in a side pavilion, six black-robed disciples were sitting there.
These six people were ranked second to seventh among the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
Zuo Yun, who was originally ranked first, was now ranked second because Luo Zheng's score in the assessment was far higher than his, and he didn't challenge Luo Zheng.
"Senior brother, I think you may have the strength to fight with Luo Zheng. You are the real number one among the inner disciples!"
"Yes, senior brother Zuo, you are at the Complete Primordial Realm, but you are ranked behind a boy at the Primordial Second Stage. How can we bear this?"
"Now we have to invite that boy to come here to discuss the Peak Competition. He has just been promoted to the inner disciple. What qualifications does he have to sit with us?"
A few inner disciples said indignantly.
Score couldn't explain everything.
According to the rules of the inner disciples, the strength ranking was based on the score obtained in the assessment in the magic matrix.
Of course, if one didn't accept this ranking, there were naturally other ways, such as issuing a challenge.
In the arena, one's real strength would be displayed, so the ranking would also be based on the strength of the challenger.
Now Luo Zheng's score was ranked first in the Peak, 5,000 points, which was far higher than Zuo Yun's score. If Zuo Yun didn't accept this, he could challenge Luo Zheng.
He could take back the title of the Peak Competition.
Zuo Yun stretched out his hand, pinched the teacup and took a sip, and said with a faint smile, "In the Blue Cloud Sect, strength is qualification. Since Luo Zheng can get a high score in the assessment, it proves his strength. Naturally, he is qualified to sit with us."
Zuo Yun was only 19 years old, only two years older than Luo Zheng. Stepping into the Complete Primordial Realm at such a young age was enough to prove his talent.
Geniuses were often not afraid of challenges from other geniuses. Compared to others, Zuo Yun was obviously much more tolerant.
"But that guy's score is definitely exaggerated. No matter how strong a Xiantian second stage martial artist is, how strong can he be? It is estimated that he used a special trick to take advantage of the illusion matrix! " A black-robed disciple said. If he hadn't seen Luo Zheng's battle prowess with his own eyes, it was indeed very difficult to believe that this result was created by a Xiantian second stage martial artist.
Zuo Yun still shook his head. In fact, if not for Xiao Yufeng's mentor, who had a good relationship with him, reminding him, he also intended to challenge Luo Zheng.
But that mentor had directly shown Zuo Yun the record of the Illusion matrix disc. When Zuo Yun understood that Luo Zheng could still kill the illusions of ten Xiantian Complete Primordial experts, he understood that he was not Luo Zheng's opponent.
Zuo Yun believed that he could also persist for a long time under the siege of ten Xiantian Complete Primordial experts. After all, those illusions were the most basic Xiantian Complete Primordial experts and there was still a certain gap between their strength and his. But ten Xiantian Complete Primordial experts …
Zuo Yun simply couldn't find a chance to fight back.
Challenging Luo Zheng would only bring disgrace to himself.
Zuo Yun also understood that he didn't care about his status as the top disciple of Xiao Yufeng's inner sect. What he valued more was the All-Peak Competition.
The most important thing now is the All-Peak Competition. Don't think too much. Luo Zheng's strength is outstanding, which is a good thing for us. If Luo Zheng can lead us to improve our ranking, our Xiao Yufeng will get more support from the Blue Cloud Sect. If we can build those large-scale illusion matrices on our Xiao Yufeng and build a secret practice area, I believe that it will be a good thing for everyone here! "Zuo Yun said lightly.
Hearing Zuo Yun's words, those people stopped arguing. Perhaps they shouldn't target Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was a disciple of Xiao Yufeng and a disciple of the same peak as them!
Now, Xiao Yufeng ranked last and was considered the weakest peak. Even the All-Peak Competition only had seven participants. At this time, they had to be more united.
After a while, someone knocked on the door, and a black-robed disciple shouted, "Come in!"
It was Lin Geng who opened the door. Lin Geng said, "Brother Luo Zheng, Senior Brother Zuo Yun and the others are all inside. You can go in."
Lin Geng's strength was above average in Xiao Yufeng's inner sect, but he wasn't in the top seven. He wasn't qualified to participate in this kind of meeting about the All-Peak Competition.
Luo Zheng thanked Lin Geng and stepped in.
Zuo Yun glanced at Luo Zheng and smiled. Then he stood up and said with a smile, "Brother Luo Zheng, right? This is the first time we've met. I'm Zuo Yun! "
"Brother Zuo Yun, I've heard a lot about you!" Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
"Sit here." Zuo Yun leaned slightly and pointed to the seat of honor next to him. This seat was at the top of the line. It originally belonged to Zuo Yun, but now it was given to Luo Zheng.