"Brother Luo Zheng passed the assessment and was promoted to the inner core disciple of Xiao Yufeng. Congratulations!" Zuo Yun said with a smile.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and said, "Brother Zuo Yun, you're too polite. I heard from Lin Geng that you asked me to come here to discuss the Peak Wide Competition?"
Zuo Yun nodded, "Exactly. As the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy, and you will never be defeated. Brother Luo Zheng has been in the outer core for a long time, so there are some things you don't know. In fact, some mentors asked me to do this. They want us to discuss the strategy in the Peak Wide Competition."
"What strategy can we have? The other peaks are so strong. No matter how strong we are, what ranking can we get? At most, we can only go for a day … "An inner core disciple said. That inner core disciple was still unconvinced. Luo Zheng was now the strongest inner core disciple of Xiao Yufeng. The implication of his words was that Luo Zheng's strength was not good enough.
Zuo Yun frowned slightly, but said, "In a battle between warriors, it all depends on one's effort. Although our Xiao Yufeng is not strong, everything depends on one's effort. If our momentum is weakened before the battle, how can we go further on the road of warriors in the future?"
Hearing Zuo Yun's words, Luo Zheng also nodded. Naturally, he agreed with him in his heart.
Strength was one aspect, but momentum was another. As a warrior, it was not that he couldn't lose, but that he was not afraid of losing and did not admit defeat. The road of warriors was full of hardships. If he didn't have the support of strong belief, how could he go further on this road?
Luo Zheng saw that Zuo Yun, who was only two years older than him, was able to cultivate to the Xiantian Full Circle. He could be regarded as a gifted genius. However, for him to achieve such achievements, talent was important, but his mentality was more important!
Hearing Zuo Yun's words, that inner core disciple didn't say anything. After all, Zuo Yun was the leader of the inner core disciples. He was not talking about Zuo Yun, but Luo Zheng. However, since Zuo Yun helped Luo Zheng to refute, how could he refute?
"I want to know how strong those disciples are in the Peak Wide Competition?" Luo Zheng opened the door and asked this question.
Luo Zheng's question was a little naive.
The Blue Cloud Sect held the Peak Wide Competition every three years. There were basically records of it. This information was not a secret, and there were very few things that were not clear.
An inner core disciple probably wanted to say something sarcastic, but Zuo Yun took the lead and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, you have been in our Blue Cloud Sect for too short a time. You are diligent in cultivation, so you probably don't know these things. This is also the reason why I asked Brother Luo Zheng to come here. I will go over the rules of the Peak Wide Competition and the opponents we are about to meet with in detail with Brother Luo Zheng."
Then Zuo Yun said leisurely.
All 33 peaks would participate in the Peak Wide Competition, but each peak would send a different number of people. Tianyi Peak would send the most, and Xiao Yufeng would send the least.
In addition to the disciples of the 33 peaks, there were also special seats. These special seats were reserved for the personal disciples.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, the personal disciples were considered to be the group of disciples with the highest level. They had a fixed master to guide them, and they had abundant sect resources to irrigate them, so their strength improved rapidly.
Among the personal disciples, there were also some disciples who were very talented but not very strong. However, most of the personal disciples were much stronger than the disciples of the 33 peaks.
Therefore, almost every time the Peak Wide Competition was held, the top ten would be monopolized by the personal disciples.
As for the disciples of the 33 peaks, no matter how amazing they were, no matter how strong they were, they could only get into the top 20 at most.
Therefore, the so-called Peak Wide Competition was, in fact, a competition to get into the top 20.
However, a peak like Xiao Yufeng was weak, so it was even more difficult to cultivate any strong people. If they were lucky enough to get into the top 100, it would be considered good.
Take Zhong Loufeng, who was ranked 32nd, as an example. In the last Peak Wide Competition, only one inner core disciple from Zhong Loufeng made it into the top 100, and he was ranked 97th. It was because of this disciple's ranking that Zhong Loufeng surpassed Xiao Yufeng.
"Top 100? Brother Zuo Yun, do you have the confidence to get in? "Luo Zheng asked, crossing his fingers.
Zuo Yun said with a slight smile, "To be honest, I don't have the confidence."
"Xiantian Full Cycle can't even get into the top 100?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"You can't say that, so I can only say that I don't have the confidence. However, the other peaks, such as Tianyi Peak, have sent more than 40 people, and the weakest among them are Xiantian Full Cycle disciples. There are even a few inner core disciples who have broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm. If we are unlucky and get into the same group as them, this …" Zuo Yun said, then shook his head.
Comparing Xiao Yufeng and Tianyi Peak, it could only be said that the difference between them was like heaven and earth.
In Tianyi Peak, even the Xiantian Full Cycle disciples who were at the same level as Zuo Yun were not qualified to participate in the Peak Wide Competition. It could be imagined that those 43 people were selected from a group of Xiantian Full Cycle disciples, and their strength was absolutely not weak.
Looking at Xiao Yufeng, the strongest among them was Zuo Yun …
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. The weakest was Xiantian Full Cycle, which was indeed a bit tricky. Moreover, there were Divine Reflection Realm experts among them, and among the personal disciples, there was … a personal disciple like Wang Yanmiao!
The strength of these personal disciples was even more unfathomable.
How far could he go in the Peak Wide Competition?
And how strong was his sister Luo Yan? Among so many people, she was able to bring Jade Maiden Peak, which was ranked at the bottom, into second place. How strong did she need to be? Why was Luo Yan so strong?
For a moment, Luo Zheng's mind was filled with all kinds of mysteries. He could not figure out the answers to these unsolvable mysteries. Naturally, Luo Zheng would not be troubled. He then asked, "Brother Zuo Yun, in this Peak Wide Competition, besides the ranking of the 33 peaks, will there be any other rewards?"
"Rewards? Heh heh, of course there will be rewards, but … "Zuo Yun shook his head," Our goal is only to rush into the top 100. Every time, the rewards of the Peak Wide Competition are basically taken by the personal disciples. It has nothing to do with us. "
Zuo Yun was not a person who belittled himself. Even if his strength was not good enough, he would not give up easily. However, in the face of such a huge gap in strength, Zuo Yun understood that those rewards had nothing to do with him. According to the rules of the Peak Wide Competition, the rewards were only given to the top 6. Who could be a match for the personal disciples?
He continued, "The rewards of the Peak Wide Competition are very tempting. The first place will be rewarded with a Qingxu Pill! Not only that, it will also be rewarded with an immortal weapon from the Blue Cloud Sect, and a trip to the Green Cloud Road! "
"Qingxu Pill, the Green Cloud Road …" Luo Zheng murmured.
These two things were very famous, so naturally, Zuo Yun did not need to explain them.
The Qingxu Pill was a kind of holy medicine. It was said that after the Divine Reflection Stage, if one wanted to continue to break through, they had to rely on the Qingxu Pill. One could imagine the value of this Qingxu Pill.
It was said that with the Blue Cloud Sect's ability, the Qingxu Pill could not be manufactured at all. Instead, it was distributed by the Cloud Hall. Every year, only seven or eight Qingxu Pills were distributed from the Cloud Hall.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were so many Perfected Persons, Hall Masters, and Elders. Which one of them did not need the Qingxu Pill to break through their bottleneck?
From this, one could see how precious the Qingxu Pill was.
In addition to the Qingxu Pill, there was also the Green Cloud Road …
The Green Cloud Road was both a trial and an assessment.
In the trial, one could obtain great opportunities. Moreover, after passing the Green Cloud Road, one could obtain the support of the Cloud Hall. And the Cloud Hall was a colossus above the Blue Cloud Sect. Once one had the qualifications to join, their status would be greatly different.
To put it bluntly, even the Emperor of the Burning Sky Dynasty, Su Qian, was only a disciple of the Cloud Hall. Su Qian was the Emperor, but when he met the people of the Cloud Hall, he still had to be respectful. From this, one could imagine how high the status of the Cloud Hall was.
"Is the Qingxu Pill and the Green Cloud Road only available to the first place?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The Qingxu Pill is only available to the first place, but walking on the Green Cloud Road … According to convention, the top three of every Peak's Grand Competition have the qualifications to enter the Green Cloud Road to undergo the trial." When Zuo Yun saw that Luo Zheng was so interested in the rewards, he muttered in his heart. Could it be that Luo Zheng really had the intention of charging into the top three?
The top three of every Peak's Grand Competition had basically already been taken by the personal disciples. It could be said that the battle for the top ten would simply not occur between the disciples of the thirty-three peaks!
The disciples of the thirty-three peaks wanting to walk on the Green Cloud Road was simply a dream.
With Zuo Yun's self-cultivation, he naturally would not open his mouth to shatter Luo Zheng's dream. He only thought so in his heart, but would definitely not say it out loud.
However, the other black-robed disciples could not hold back. One of them laughed and said, "Luo Zheng, could it be that you still want to walk on the Green Cloud Road?"
Luo Zheng's gaze shot over, and his eyebrows raised. "What? Can't I? "
"Hehe …" If it weren't for the abnormal strength that Luo Zheng had displayed, as well as Xiao Yufeng's current status as the number one inner disciple, this black-robed disciple would have burst into laughter on the spot.
The other disciples also had a trace of a smile on their faces, but there was more of a hint of ridicule in their smiles.
Zuo Yun could only mediate the situation, and said softly, "It's fine as long as you work hard, it's fine as long as you work hard …"
No matter what, today, from Zuo Yun, he roughly understood some basic information about the Peak's Grand Competition.
In the Peak's Grand Competition, the difficulty of defeating the disciples of the thirty-three peaks, in addition to those personal disciples, and obtaining first place was not ordinary.
Luo Zheng stood at the door of his house, looking at the stars in the sky. His eyes were sparkling. At that time, Luo Yan could rely on her own ability to lead the Jade Maiden Peak to second place. How could he, as her brother, lose to her?
I want the Clear Void Pill. I must walk on the Green Cloud Road!
Luo Zheng's determination was like a sacred flame, burning fiercely in his heart!
＝＝＝＝＝