Three days before the All-Peak Competition, all the rankings of the 33 peaks would be frozen. During these three days, no challenges could be issued, and the list of disciples participating in the All-Peak Competition had been fixed.
On the day before, battles were taking place in all the arenas on the thirty-three peaks.
Some disciples who were ranked at the bottom had hidden their strength before, and only released all their trump cards on the last day, sprinting toward the rankings, hoping to enter the All-Peak Competition.
The disciples who were already on the rankings were also doing their best to defend their rankings, because once they lost, they would fall out of the rankings.
Xiao Yufeng was also carrying out fierce arenas.
Except for Luo Zheng and Zuo Yun, all the disciples ranked third to seventh received challenges. Among them, the disciples ranked sixth and seventh were replaced by Xiao Yufeng's inner core disciple, who was originally ranked ninth, and a disciple ranked 22nd!
After the rankings were frozen, the list of disciples participating in the All-Peak Competition was fixed, and those names were submitted by the mentors on Xiao Yufeng.
In the last three days, Luo Zheng didn't go to the Fantasy Fish Pond or the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform to practice, but locked himself in his room, constantly comprehending.
The 《Demonic God Fist》 and 《Frightening Divine Thorn》 were two cultivation methods. One of them corresponded to Luo Zheng's most basic True Essence attack, and the other was a soul attack. These two cultivation methods were broad and profound, and with Luo Zheng's comprehension, he could still dig out some more mysteries from them.
In addition, Luo Zheng continued to visualize the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
When Luo Zheng first visualized it, he felt that his vision was sucked into the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map, but later on, that feeling gradually dissipated.
This Sun, Moon, and Stars Map was the first visualization map in the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. It was obviously impossible for Luo Zheng to visualize the whole map thoroughly, but he could try his best to comprehend it.
For two days, except for occasionally practicing the Demonic God Fist and reading the 《Frightening Divine Thorn》, Luo Zheng didn't eat or drink, and devoted all his time to the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
However, after more than twenty hours of visualization, Luo Zheng felt that he had achieved nothing.
However, early in the morning of the third day, Luo Zheng looked at the sun, moon, and stars map. Suddenly, he felt that the world around him was distorted.
"Are you feeling dizzy after staying up for so long?" Luo Zheng patted his head. With his current physical condition, he wouldn't feel dizzy even if he didn't eat or drink for a long time. Perhaps it was because visualizing the Sun, Moon, and Stars consumed too much of his spiritual power. Even though Luo Zheng's soul had been calcined and was stronger than ordinary people, this Sun, Moon, and Stars Map was not an ordinary object. His soul couldn't withstand such consumption of spiritual power.
However, when he blinked his eyes, he discovered that the surrounding space had become even more distorted, and as time passed, the spinning speed became faster and faster.
"What happened?"
Luo Zheng finally realized that something was wrong.
By the time Luo Zheng came back to his senses, the space was spinning faster and faster. Luo Zheng suddenly found himself in front of the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map. Then, his whole body was pulled into the map.
The Sun, Moon, and Stars Map …
Luo Zheng found himself standing in a boundless space. There was no sky above and no ground below. Or it could be said that there was no distinction between heaven and earth in this space.
Not far away in the sky, there was a huge fireball emitting a raging flame. The power that was revealed from the flame was frightening!
"This is … the sun!"
The history of the Eastern Region had been passed down for so many years. So far, human beings hadn't figured out what the sun was.
It was the highest mountain in the Eastern Region, three thousand feet above the ground. It was said that the height of the mountain was too high, and the air was thin. It was almost a hopeless place.
Even in such a harsh environment, there were still powerful people who could climb up.
Another thousand feet, there were gusts of astral winds. The astral winds were very powerful. Even if gold and iron objects were thrown in, they would be twisted into pieces by the astral winds.
The astral winds were very powerful. Even for those powerful people, it was difficult to resist them.
However, there was never a lack of people in this world who wanted to explore the world. It was said that there was a powerful person who cultivated his own body to the Nine Levels of Xuan Body, the Indestructible Golden Body. He forcibly broke through the astral winds and went all the way up.
That powerful person thought that he could see the true appearance of the sun and the moon. However, after he passed through the astral winds, he found that there were endless cracks in the void. Those cracks were intertwined with each other, like a thick fish scale towering in the sky.
As for what was behind the cracks in the void …
Even the powerful people in ancient times couldn't give these answers.
It was because human beings couldn't explore the sky that the legends of the sun, moon, and stars became more and more mysterious. There were countless stories about them.
This time, Luo Zheng was also very far from the sun. However, standing in the void and looking at it, the power of the sun was even more shocking.
"My consciousness is now in the visualization diagram. Since I can come in, it's also an opportunity. However, I only have a superficial understanding of the stars in the Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars. It's still too difficult for me to visualize the sun with my strength!"
At this time, Luo Zheng looked at another planet not far away. That planet emitted a bright light. Compared to the tyrannical aura of the sun, that planet was much quieter and gentler.
When he looked at the sun just now, Luo Zheng felt that his eyes were sore and astringent. However, after looking at this planet, Luo Zheng felt a touch of coldness in his eyes. It was very comfortable.
"This is the moon."
Luo Zheng noticed that a shadow had appeared on this planet. It was this shadow that outlined the arc of the planet and made the moon show different shapes. It changed into a crescent moon, a crescent moon …
Behind these two huge planets was a boundless sea of stars.
This sea of stars was the object of Luo Zheng's visualization.
Through his previous visualization, Luo Zheng could already condense a little bit of starlight in the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy.
When these starlights exploded, they could release annihilating energy.
However, the power of the stars was definitely not limited to this little bit. The Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars had many hidden mysteries. Luo Zheng still needed to comprehend them bit by bit.
Since he had come in, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged in the air and quietly visualized the resplendent river of stars in the distance.
A mere diagram could construct a vast universe. He didn't know which almighty person had created this Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars.
Luo Zheng's eyes were shining as he fell into a meditative state.
At this time, another starlight crossed an unknown distance. Mixed with a terrifying annihilating energy, it came straight at Luo Zheng.
"Is it going to hit me?"
Luo Zheng wanted to dodge, but at this moment, he was a consciousness of nothingness and couldn't resist at all.
"Whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, this starlight directly passed through Luo Zheng's body. This starlight was too big. It looked like it was going to hit Luo Zheng, but in fact, it was still very far away from Luo Zheng. That starlight collided with another starlight in the distance.
The two starlights collided and exploded with a loud bang. At this moment, the annihilating energy emitted was more than ten times stronger than before!
The brilliance that erupted from the annihilating energy formed a huge ball of light, gorgeous and full of the aura of death.
"Starlight colliding?"
Before, Luo Zheng had only detonated the starlight in his Vital Energy.
But now, seeing the two starlights colliding with each other, the annihilating energy that erupted was even more terrifying. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng suddenly saw the light …
After a long time, Luo Zheng pulled his consciousness out of the Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars.
When Luo Zheng came out, he found that the sky was already bright …
He had inadvertently entered the Diagram of the Sun, Moon, and Stars. With this visualization, Luo Zheng's use of the power of the stars improved a little.
Today was the first day of the Peak Wide Competition. He should set off with the other six disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
When he walked to the platform on the top of Xiao Yufeng Mountain, three mentors were already waiting there. Beside them was a medium-sized Flying Chariot.
Su Lingyun wasn't among the three mentors.
Before Su Lingyun left last time, she told Luo Zheng that she would rush back before the Peak Wide Competition. Why hadn't he seen her yet?
Could it be that Su Lingyun was really in trouble?
"Mentor Wen, may I ask why Mentor Su didn't come today?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mentor Wen, who was leading the team, shook his head and said, "Mentor Su hasn't come to the Blue Cloud Sect since she asked for leave last time. I don't know why!"
Luo Zheng nodded silently. It seemed that Mentor Wen didn't know.
With a trace of worry, Luo Zheng and the other six disciples boarded the medium-sized Flying Chariot. Then, a light blue light was emitted from the bottom of the Flying Chariot and it flew to the west.
In the west of the Blue Cloud Sect, there was a huge martial arts arena where the Peak Wide Competition would be held.
At this moment, many Flying Chariots gathered from all directions and transported all the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
After a medium-sized Flying Chariot stopped, Luo Zheng, Zuo Yun, and several other inner disciples jumped off the Flying Chariot.
Then, led by Mentor Wen, they walked to the martial arts arena.
"Hehe, Old Wen, are these the disciples of Xiao Yufeng who will fight this year? Just these few people? " Next to Mentor Wen, there was another team led by a lean little old man. The old man's surname was Wang, and he was the mentor of Hou Haifeng.
Hou Haifeng ranked 29th among the Green Cloud Sect's 33 Sects. It was also one of the weakest sects, but it was better than Xiao Yufeng. It could be seen from the number of participants in the Peak Wide Competition that Xiao Yufeng only had seven participants, while Hou Haifeng had 13 participants.
Hearing Mentor Wang's ridicule, Xiao Yufeng's three mentors didn't look good. After all, Mentor Wen and the other two mentors were Xiao Yufeng's mentors. If Xiao Yufeng didn't perform well, they would lose face.
In the past, when Su Lingyun led the team, no one dared to ridicule Su Lingyun. But today, Su Lingyun wasn't here, so the situation was different.
The list and number of participants of each mountain were fixed, so Mentor Wang must have received the list in advance. But he still asked even though he already knew the answer. He was deliberately ridiculing Xiao Yufeng.
The disciples behind Mentor Wang were also sizing up the disciples of Xiao Yufeng, and their faces were full of ridicule.
Mentor Wen coldly snorted, "How many people? Our Xiao Yufeng's disciples are valued for their quality, not their quantity! What? Do you think having more people will give you better results? I don't think so! "
Mentor Wang's eyes swept over Luo Zheng and the others, and a touch of ridicule appeared on his face, "Valued for their quality, not their quantity? Hahaha, is there really no one else in Xiao Yufeng? You even have a guy at Xiantian second stage? "
"Hahahaha …"