Generally speaking, the disciples who could participate in the competition were close to the peak of the Xiantian realm. Even the weakest disciples from Xiao Yufeng's last competition were at the peak of the Xiantian seventh stage.
Among the thirteen disciples of Deep Sea Peak, five were at the peak of the Xiantian realm, and the rest were at the peak of the Xiantian eighth stage and ninth stage.
In the competition, it was rare to see a disciple at the peak of the Xiantian second stage!
Although it was rare, it was still possible.
For example, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who were trained by the Immortals, Hall Masters, and Elders were God's favored children. Not only did they practice heaven-defying Cultivation Methods, but their strength was also very terrifying. Therefore, the disciples at the peak of the Xiantian second stage and third stage were qualified to participate in the competition and could achieve good results.
Just like three years ago, there was a disciple named Wang Yun, who was a disciple under a Hall Master. At that time, Wang Yun was also at the peak of the Xiantian second stage, but he also made it into the top 100!
If one wanted to enter the top 100, he must have the strength to challenge the peak of the Xiantian realm. Being able to achieve such a result at the peak of the Xiantian second stage could only be described as terrifying.
It was said that after three years of cultivation, Wang Yun's strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, and he was also a popular candidate to win this year's competition.
Wang Yun was a personal disciple. How could the resources, Cultivation Methods, and talent of Xiao Yufeng be compared with others?
Personal disciples were tested with low realms, but if the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng fought with the peak of the Xiantian second stage and third stage, it would be a joke!
"What's so funny?" Mentor Wen snorted coldly. "Although Luo Zheng's strength is only at the peak of the Xiantian second stage, his assessment score is 55,000 points! He is ranked first among the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng! Which one of you is qualified to laugh at him? "
"55,000 points? You're bragging! "Mentor Wang said disdainfully.
The news that Luo Zheng got a high score in the assessment was only spread on Xiao Yufeng, and it didn't spread out.
55,000 points at the peak of the Xiantian second stage, this result was quite shocking.
"I thought Xiao Yufeng's disciple ranked last, but I didn't expect him to be first in bragging, hehe." A disciple of Deep Sea Peak sneered.
"55,000 points? Even if you have to deal with the encirclement of Xiantian Full Circle experts, do you really think that Xiantian Full Circle experts are cabbages? Their Xiao Yufeng really dares to brag! "Another disciple echoed.
"With the strength of Xiantian second stage, he probably hasn't experienced the terror of the Xiantian Peak realm. I will let him understand the gap between him and the Xiantian Peak realm." A disciple of the Xiantian Peak realm looked at Luo Zheng and said.
In the face of their provocation, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to it and just moved forward with the team.
After this period of experience, Luo Zheng's heart had become as firm as a rock. How could a few words of ridicule cause ripples in his heart?
Not long after, these teams finally arrived at the side of the martial arts arena.
The disciples of the 33 peaks were led by the Lone Sky Peak. They formed a semicircle and stood at the bottom of the battle arena. At the top, there were quite a few people standing there. Many of them were wearing purple robes. Those people were the Spiritual Masters, Hall Seats, and the personal disciples of the Elders.
At the top of the battle arena, there was a square platform. On the platform, there was a middle-aged man sitting on a black chair.
Luo Zheng looked at that person. Although there was a long distance between them, he could vaguely feel a kind of power.
"This person's divine splendor is restrained. His strength seems to be more powerful than those Divine Reflection experts. Who is he? Could he be the leader of the Blue Cloud Sect? "Luo Zheng secretly thought.
Luo Zheng had guessed correctly. This middle-aged man was the leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian was a very low-key person. He didn't easily appear in public. However, he had to participate in the triennial Peak Competition. This was because this was the rule of the Cloud Hall.
Shi Jingtian's duty was to select talents through the Peak Competition and pass the test of the Qingyun Road. He had to send talents to the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, the triennial Peak Competition was an opportunity to test the strength of all the talents.
When all the 33 peaks and all the direct disciples had arrived, Shi Jingtian stood up and announced the start of the triennial Peak Competition.
Following which, an elder flew up. In his hand, there were dozens of long lists of names. That elder's flying speed was extremely fast. He circled around the martial arts field once. Every time he passed by a mountain, he would pass a list of names to the mentors of each mountain.
This list was to allocate the number of matches in the battle arena and their respective opponents.
The Lone Sky Peak had over forty spots while the Little Rain Peak had seven spots. On average, there were over six hundred disciples participating in the competition from the thirty-three peaks. As for the personal disciples, there were about fifty to sixty people. Therefore, the total number of participants was close to seven hundred.
These 700 people would start with an elimination round. They would compete according to their groups.
Xiao Yufeng's Mentor Wen took the list. His face darkened and he let out a long sigh.
Zuo Yun took a step forward and asked, "Mentor Wen, who are our opponents?"
Mentor Wen smiled bitterly and passed the list to Zuo Yun. "Take a look for yourselves. It's also good to have an understanding of your opponents."
Xiao Yufeng's seven disciples were naturally concerned about who their first opponent was. They all gathered around. After seeing the list, their faces didn't look too good.
Xiao Yufeng's seven disciples were allocated for the first round. Their opponents were basically the top ten disciples of the Black Rock Peak, Forgotten Worry Peak, and Wanling Peak …
The disciples who were able to participate in the Peak Wide Tournament were the top ranked disciples in the Inner Sect. The higher the ranking of the peak, the more intense the competition between the disciples would be. The disciples who emerged from this intense competition would naturally be stronger than Little Rain Peak by a level.
"Alas, it seems that our Xiao Yufeng can only be a stepping stone for others …" Mentor Wen sighed. But when he saw the calm expression on Luo Zheng's face, his heart slightly moved.
Ever since Luo Zheng joined Xiao Yufeng, although he didn't show his talent, every time he appeared, he was able to create miracles. Looking at his appearance, it seemed that he had a certain degree of confidence?
Luo Zheng's state of mind was extremely calm. After understanding his importance in the Peak Competition, Luo Zheng first attached great importance to it. Then, he slowly relaxed his state of mind.
Relaxing didn't mean slacking off. It meant that he had to face this competition in a better state.
Luo Zheng also looked at his first opponent. It was Zhou Tong from Wanling Peak, who was at the Xiantian ninth stage.
"I know this Zhou Tong. He was born with divine strength. It is said that he is ranked 936 on the Blue Cloud Sect list. He has the strength to match a Xiantian Full Circle master. Brother Luo Zheng, you have to be careful," Zuo Yun warned.
Luo Zheng nodded and asked, "What about Brother Zuo Yun? Do you have confidence in your opponent? "
Zuo Yun smiled indifferently, "I don't have confidence. My opponent is Hei Ming from Black Rock Peak. This person is also at the Xiantian Full Circle master. Moreover, he is also an Illusion Array Master …"
Illusion Array Master …
Illusion Array Masters had very special attack methods. Generally, there were two types of illusion arrays. One was an ordinary illusion array. It only led people's spiritual power into the illusion array. It wouldn't cause any real harm to people. Just like the illusion array on Bloody Mountain, as well as the illusion array used in the Inner Sect assessment, it was of this type.
The other type was the Illusion Killing Array. This kind of Illusion Killing Array was extremely powerful and very difficult to deal with. Everyone didn't want to meet an Illusion Array Master in the arena because they might be tricked by the opponent if they weren't careful.
However, although Zuo Yun said that he didn't have confidence, his attitude was very calm. This was a good start. Perhaps he was just being modest when he said that he didn't have confidence.
Soon, the first round of the competition began.
The arena was divided into nine small arenas. This large arena was divided into nine small arenas. Each arena could accommodate eighteen people at the same time.
Around these nine arenas, there were faint circles of enchantments. These enchantments were to prevent the energy that escaped during the competition from harming the innocent. These enchantments were also personally arranged by several Daoists.
After the eighteen people entered the arena, the battle immediately began.
For a time, all kinds of true essence dispersed in the arena, dazzling the eyes of the spectators.
In the center of the arena, a young girl wearing a light yellow jacket was smiling as she faced a nine foot tall brawny man.
Because of the huge disparity between the two, this battle instantly attracted the attention of the majority of the spectators.
"That's Jade Maiden Peak's Quan Xiaoyan! She joined Jade Maiden Peak for two and a half years and is only eighteen years old this year! It is said that her talent is amazing. In just two years, she cultivated from the Xiantian first stage to the Xiantian ninth stage! I don't know if she can replicate the miracle of Luo Yan! "
"Hey, Luo Yan's miracle is not so easy to replicate. Quan Xiaoyan's opponent is also not weak. That guy called Long Bin, he should be cultivating an evil skill. Just look at the blood red true essence emitted from his body, it makes people feel a burst of fear … …"
While the spectators were discussing, Quan Xiaoyan had already made her move.
She was not tall, but her figure was extremely well-proportioned. Once she moved, she was like a rabbit. She held an exquisite small jade sword in her hand. After a faint surge of true essence, she rushed towards Long Bin with the small jade sword in her hand.
"Hehe … …" Long Bin obviously did not put Quan Xiaoyan in his eyes. He brandished the blood red broadsword in his hand, and a blood red true essence slashed out along the edge of the broadsword. From this blood red true essence, a fishy smell was emitted. Obviously, it contained a highly toxic poison. These True Essences were chopped out by Long Bin's saber, forming circles of True Essence rings, which dissipated in all directions.
Although Quan Xiaoyan's speed was fast and she was also very agile, but she was forced to retreat several times by these true essence rings.
"You can't break my Blood River Chariot! I advise you to obediently allow yourself to be captured! "Long Bin brandished his crimson saber, constantly creating True Essence rings.
In Long Bin's view, as the number of true essence rings in the arena increased, Quan Xiaoyan's defeat was only a matter of time!
The actual situation was indeed so. The number of true essence rings was no less than seventeen or eighteen, layer upon layer, dispersing in an irregular manner. Although Quan Xiaoyan's dodging speed was fast, the space provided for her to dodge was also getting smaller and smaller.
Finally, Quan Xiaoyan was forced into a corner by Long Bin. At this time, Long Bin cracked open his big mouth and laughed, "Little girl, just admit defeat. If you're infected with my Blood River Chariot's poison, I'll have to detoxify you in a moment. Let me tell you, detoxification is very troublesome. You'll have to take off your clothes, face to face … …"
While Long Bin was proudly speaking dirty words, Quan Xiaoyan's body suddenly shrunk slightly. Her whole body was shrouded in a faint multicolored light, and then she immediately jumped up and flew towards Long Bin at a very tricky angle.
Seeing Quan Xiaoyan's agility, Luo Zheng nodded, and then said with a smile, "That big guy should be defeated."
Zuo Yun looked at Luo Zheng in surprise, but did not speak. Zuo Yun felt that Quan Xiaoyan should lose. She couldn't break those poisonous true essence rings, so she couldn't do anything to Long Bin. From this point of view, Long Bin was already in an invincible position.