Although Long Bin had a large number of Zhen Yuan rings, there were still gaps between them, and when those Zhen Yuan rings slowly flowed and created the best gaps, Quan Xiaoyan launched her attack.
Therefore, Quan Xiaoyan fiercely rushed through the gaps between the Zhen Yuan rings!
Long Bin was somewhat proud of himself as he had suppressed his opponent miserably in the first match. Moreover, his opponent was a delicate little beauty, but before he could finish his words, he saw Quan Xiaoyan's light yellow figure rushing straight towards him at an incomparably fast speed.
Long Bin's reaction was not slow, and at the critical moment, he roared loudly and took advantage of the momentum to slash at Quan Xiaoyan three times in a row.
"Blood Prison Triple Kill!"
"Dang Dang Dang!"
Quan Xiaoyan maintained a smile on her face and her delicate little face looked very cute, but under this cuteness, there was an absolute strength hidden.
The jade sword in her hand was much smaller than Long Bin's blood-colored broadsword. It was only about the length of two chopsticks, but it was this short jade sword that easily blocked the tyrannical power of the Blood Prison's Triple Kill.
Long Bin's face was filled with an inconceivable look, and he wanted to attack again, but he only saw a flash of blue light and the jade sword was already at his neck … …
"Quan Xiaoyan wins, Long Bin loses!"
The referee announced the result of the match.
Until the result of the match came out, Zuo Yun recovered from his shock. He had thought that Quan Xiaoyan might have some kind of hidden move that could reverse the result of the match, but he did not expect that Quan Xiaoyan would reverse the result so quickly and so fiercely.
At this time, Zuo Yun took a deep look at Luo Zheng and thought that this guy's vision was really good.
The nine matches were quickly finished, and the disciples in the arena withdrew one after another, and then the second batch of disciples entered the arena.
It was Luo Zheng's turn to enter the second batch of disciples.
"Huh? Am I seeing things? How come there is a Xiantian second stage guy? Where did he come from? "
"He is really at the Xiantian second stage, but for a Xiantian second stage disciple to be ranked at the top of the inner court, it is not bad. I remember that three years ago, Wang Yun was also at the Xiantian second stage, and he rushed into the top 100. Don't look down on him! Remember, you can't measure the sea with a pint pot, and you can't judge a book by its cover! "
"Nonsense, who is Wang Yun? Zhang Xuan was a direct disciple of the Master Teacher Pavilion, and his talent was astounding. Fighting those of a higher cultivation realm was nothing more than child's play for him. Regardless of whether it was his cultivation technique or zhenyuan, they were far more formidable than those of the same cultivation realm. This guy in front of him was Xiao Yufeng's disciple, and this Xiao Yufeng was ranked first from the bottom. His strength was so bad that it made people's hair stand on end. But, even though he was only at the Xiantian second stage, he was still able to reach the top of the peak. My younger brother has just broken through to Xiantian stage eight this year, so he is not qualified to fight in our mountain. If I had known earlier, I would have let him transfer to Xiao Yufeng, so that he would be qualified! "
Compared to these 700 disciples, Luo Zheng's Xiantian second stage strength was too conspicuous, so he attracted everyone's attention as soon as he entered.
Even Shi Jingtian looked at Luo Zheng. He pointed at Luo Zheng and asked, "Elder Xu, what's going on? Xiao Yufeng has a Xiantian second stage little guy? "
The competition was the time to show the strength of the elite disciples of the 33 peaks.
Those who could participate in the competition were the elite disciples of each peak, and the weakest of them was at the Xiantian eighth stage or ninth stage. Most of them were at the peak of the Xiantian realm, and some of them were even at the Divine Reflection realm!
It was no wonder that Shi Jingtian would ask about a Xiantian second stage kid.
"This … …" Elder Xu was also surprised. He also did not understand why Xiao Yufeng would send a Xiantian second stage kid, after all, the list of the 33 peaks was directly ranked by strength, and it was not calculated by them. However, Shi Jingtian's words were somewhat blaming. Was Xiao Yufeng's strength so bad? Why was he only able to send a Xiantian second stage kid?
"Haha, maybe his strength is not bad," Shi Jingtian said to himself.
Shi Jingtian's words gave Elder Xu a way out of the embarrassing situation. "Some disciples might have obtained some good fortune. It's not impossible for them to challenge those of a higher cultivation level." Even Elder Xu himself did not believe his own words.
There were indeed geniuses who could challenge those of a higher realm, but they would never be born in Xiao Yufeng. Most of the people who were willing to enter Xiao Yufeng were grassroots, or non-core disciples of landowning households. These people had received training since childhood, and they were not at the same level as others!
If Luo Zheng was a pro-disciple, Elder Xu might have some expectations, but Luo Zheng was an inner disciple of Xiao Yufeng, and he was at the Xiantian second stage. Was he here to show off? Elder Xu was also a little angry, and he wanted to ask Xiao Yufeng's mentor later to see what was going on!
At this moment, on the nine-grid fighting stage, all the disciples had finished their preparations, and the fight was about to start.
Although Luo Zheng's nine fights were going on at the same time, most of the eyes were focused on Luo Zheng's fight. The reason was that Luo Zheng's cultivation was too "dazzling".
"Heh heh heh, what good luck, I didn't expect to meet a Xiantian second stage kid in the first fight!" The person who spoke was Luo Zheng's opponent, Zhou Tong.
Zhou Tong was not tall, but his body was big and tall, and he looked very tall and sturdy.
Huan Ling Peak was ranked fifth among the 33 peaks of Clear Sky Peak, and there were many masters in the inner sect. Although they had the qualifications to participate in the Peak Competition, there were still too many monks and too little gruel. In order to compete for the qualifications to participate in the Peak Competition, the intensity of the competition could be imagined.
Zhou Tong relied on his strength of Xiantian ninth stage to defeat a Xiantian peak stage martial artist, and forcibly snatched the spot in his hands.
Luo Zheng looked at Zhou Tong indifferently, and did not speak.
Zhou Tong frowned and said, "I really can't figure it out. The rules of this Peak Wide Competition are too abominable. For the sake of a spot, I risked my life to obtain it. Why can a little fellow at the Xiantian second stage like you participate in the competition? If trash like you can participate in the Peak Competition, then Xiao Yufeng should be removed from the 33 peaks. "
Luo Zheng grinned. Although Zhou Tong looked down on him, he still wanted to use words to provoke him. It could be seen that this was a habit he had developed before.
In a fight between martial artists, using words to provoke the opponent, and making the opponent reveal a flaw when making a move, this was a method that many people understood. It was just that Zhou Tong did not take him seriously at all, but still ridiculed him in all kinds of ways, which was a bit too much.
"You don't have to think about things that you can't figure out. With your simple mind, you naturally can't figure out how I defeated you!" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Is that so … …" Zhou Tong laughed twice, and when the referee gave the order, he picked up the two bronze hammers on the ground, and fiercely swung them towards Luo Zheng.
Zhou Tong was born with divine strength, and his strength was not inferior to those of the Divine Reflection realm powerhouses. Carrying the bronze hammers and stepping on the ground, he was like a wild behemoth that was crazily charging towards Luo Zheng.
If one simply thought that Zhou Tong's strength was empty handed, then one would definitely underestimate his strength. The main cultivation method of the Eastern region was Zhen Yuan, and the body was auxiliary. The cultivation of the five layers of the body was just to purify the body, so that the body would have a better affinity with Zhen Yuan.
Zhou Tong's strength lay in the fact that not only was his strength enormous, but he was also very skilled in the use of Zhen Yuan!
Just as he swung the bronze hammers, a wave of Zhen Yuan quietly spread out from his feet. This wave of Zhen Yuan was earthy yellow, and if one looked carefully, they could feel a heavy aura coming from it.
"Swamp Trap!"
As soon as this Zhen Yuan gushed out, it was like a swamp, wrapping around Luo Zheng's feet layer by layer, firmly fixing him in place … …
Luo Zheng made a sound of surprise. This Zhou Tong's attack method was very unique. He directly fixed the opponent in place, and then used the bronze hammers to kill him.
This combination of moves seemed very creative, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, it was incomparably childish.
This move might have some effect on Xiantian life forms, because Xiantian life forms couldn't fly. They would definitely be bound by Zhou Tong's Swamp Trap, but how could they deal with a Divine Reflection realm expert? A Divine Reflection realm expert had the ability to fly, so this move was useless.
More importantly, what if the opponent's strength was stronger than Zhou Tong's?
Seeing the two hammers about to smash down in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile.
"That Xiantian second stage boy is a bit dangerous. Will he be crippled by Zhou Tong's hammers?"
"Encountering Zhou Tong is that boy's bad luck. Zhou Tong's Swamp Trap is simply impossible to dodge against a Xiantian life form."
Many disciples were discussing. What they cared about wasn't whether Luo Zheng would win or lose, but whether Luo Zheng would be smashed to death. After all, it wasn't the first time someone had accidentally killed someone in the arena.
"Luo Zheng, you can do it. This time, our Xiao Yufeng can only place our hopes on you and Zuo Yun. Don't lose the first match!" Instructor Wen silently prayed in his heart … …
＝＝＝＝＝