Strength is Zhou Tong's strongest point.
If his two hammers were to swing, not to mention a peak Xiantian master, even a Divine Reflection powerhouse would have to retreat.
With Luo Zheng's Xiantian second stage cultivation, if he couldn't break free from his "Swamp Trap", Luo Zheng would undoubtedly be defeated by these two hammers.
Just as the two hammers arrived in front of Luo Zheng and heavily smashed down towards him, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his hands to meet the hammers.
"You're courting death!"
Zhou Tong coldly snorted and heavily smashed down with the two hammers. This brat actually dared to meet his hammers with his bare hands! The Copper Hammer was capable of shattering his bones and tendons!
"Clang clang!"
Luo Zheng's hands blocked the hammers.
The scene Zhou Tong imagined didn't happen. Luo Zheng firmly caught the two hammers with his bare hands!
"How is this possible?" Seeing this scene, Zhou Tong's eyes almost popped out.
"Innate divine strength! So that's how it is, this brat also has innate divine strength! "
"No wonder this brat could participate in the Peak Competition with the strength of a Xiantian second stage. That Zhou Tong originally had innate divine strength and infinite strength. Even a Divine Reflection powerhouse would have to be wary of him. But Luo Zheng actually caught Zhou Tong's hammers with his bare hands!"
Swinging the hammers is obviously much easier than catching them.
Just like Zhou Tong himself also had innate divine strength, but he certainly couldn't catch the power of his hammers.
Luo Zheng could forcibly catch his hammers. This could only mean one thing, and that was that Luo Zheng's strength far exceeded his, and not just by a little bit!
What's even more abnormal was that when he swung the hammers, they had terrifying acceleration. Even if a peak Xiantian martial artist caught them with their bare hands, they would still be smashed to pieces!
But Luo Zheng's hands were completely unharmed … … What the hell was this guy's body made of!
When Luo Zheng caught the hammers, he only opened one-third of his dragon scales. Borrowing one-third of the dragon scales' power was enough to deal with Zhou Tong.
Separated by the bronze hammer, Luo Zheng and Zhou Tong's eyes met. A faint smile still appeared on his face.
In Zhou Tong's eyes, this smile was so dazzling!
Strength had always been Zhou Tong's strong point, but he had not expected that Luo Zheng's strength would actually far surpass his own.
The greatest blow to a person's strength was when a person's strong point was surpassed by another person's weak point. Zhou Tong was unable to control his emotions, his eyes turning red.
"Frenzied Strike! Ha! "
He roared and waved the bronze hammer in his hand wildly.
"Dang dang dang dang dang dang …"
No matter how Zhou Tong attacked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's hand would always be able to perfectly block his copper hammer, producing a crisp sound.
For Luo Zheng, this kind of beating was a suitable tempering …
Every time he used his fists to block the attack of the copper hammer, he felt a warm current flowing from his hands. It flowed through his meridians and spread throughout his body before gathering in his dantian.
Therefore, Luo Zheng did not hurry to end the fight. Instead, he continued to block Zhou Tong's hammers.
Nine fights were taking place in the Nine Palace Grid, but Luo Zheng's fight attracted everyone's attention.
"This Luo Zheng, is he a masochist? Taking a beating like this is too terrifying … "
"Oh my god, that bronze hammer is also a high-grade profound weapon. When it hit Luo Zheng's body like this, it actually produced a dent on the surface. Could it be that Luo Zheng's body is harder than a high-grade profound weapon?"
Most of the disciples' faces revealed an extremely shocked expression. They looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a monster. They all thought at the same time, what would happen if that big bronze hammer hit their body …
"Interesting, I was wondering how a talent of our Blue Cloud Sect could wither to this extent. Even a Xiantian second stage master can participate in the All-Sect Competition. This kid has copper skin and iron bones!" Sitting high up, Shi Jingtian nodded his head and laughed.
"Sect Master is wise! This time, his body is so hard. I'm afraid he has a great opportunity! "Elder Xu quickly echoed.
"The All-Sect Competition is full of talents. If this kid only relies on his physical strength, I'm afraid he can't go far." At this time, another Elder Huang next to him shook his head and said.
Sect Master Shi Potian shook his head and said, "Since a disciple has the confidence to participate in the All-Sect Competition, naturally, he won't have a trump card in his hand. On the surface, this young man relies on his skin and iron bones, but in fact, he hasn't used his trump card. Who knows?"
"Oh? Sect Master, you mean you think highly of this kid? " Elder Huang was slightly stunned. In his opinion, there was no opportunistic way to take advantage of the competition. Even if you passed the first round with brute force, the following disciples would be careful and target Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's copper skin and iron bones seemed to be comparable to a high-grade profound weapon, in the All-Sect Competition, there were still many disciples who could break through his defense.
"It's hard to say." Shi Potian shook his head. "Let's wait and see. In any case, it's not bad to have such interesting little guys in the All-Sect Competition."
In the corner of the arena, a young man in a purple robe was sitting on the ground. The young man's knees were crossed, and his hands were placed in a diagonal position between his Dantian. In his Dantian, there was constantly light yellow True Essence slowly overflowing. The strange thing was that the True Essence formed Sanskrit characters that constantly danced around him.
At first glance, this personal disciple gave off a solemn and dignified feeling.
"Senior Brother Pei, do you see that kid in the Nine Palaces Grid?" Next to him stood a girl in purple. The girl had black silk hair, and the skin on her face was white and delicate, giving off a feeling of freshness.
"I see him!" Senior Brother Pei, who was sitting on the ground, responded indifferently. However, his eyes were closed and he didn't open them from beginning to end, so he didn't know how he could see everything in the arena.
The girl in purple blinked her eyes and said with a smile, "Then what do you think about that kid who is being beaten? How does his defensive power compare to yours?"
Senior-apprentice Brother Pei faintly replied, "He should be cultivating a very special body refining method that strengthens his mortal body to the extreme in order to have such an effect. However, when we Eastern Domain martial artists cultivate, we ultimately rely on true essence to cultivate our mortal body. Once we reach a certain height, we will no longer be able to use Inch Strength. He is simply neglecting the essentials. My body is not as strong as his, but the Golden Bell Shield condensed from True Essence is naturally not inferior to his. "
"I think so too! I don't know where this kid came from, but he's really interesting. His body is so hard, I'd like to cut two holes in his body! " The girl in purple said with a smile, but there was a trace of ruthlessness in her beautiful eyes. If one's cultivation was not high enough, they would feel as if they were being stared at by a poisonous snake.
"Xiantian second stage, even if he has innate divine strength and physical ability, he shouldn't be able to enter the top 100. Junior Sister Mo, I'm afraid you won't be able to fight with him." Senior Brother Pei continued to say.
"That will depend on his luck, hee hee!" Junior Sister Mo finished speaking and continued to watch the matches in the arena with a smile.
It was impossible for their pro-disciples to participate in the group matches, except for Wang Yun from three years ago, who was only at the Xiantian second stage and was forced to fight his way out of the group matches.
"Clang, clang, clang … …"
The pair of bronze hammers pounded on Luo Zheng's body again and again, and the sound was as loud as a bell, constantly reverberating in the arena.
At this moment, the other eight matches in the arena were gradually coming to an end and the referee was judging the outcome of the match. The disciples left the arena one after another, and only the match between Luo Zheng and Zhou Tong was still going on.
Zhou Tong was riding a tiger and was in a difficult position. He really couldn't understand why his bronze hammers couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng's body! That guy was actually smiling at him, what the hell was he smiling at! Zhou Tong cursed loudly in his heart. He couldn't wait to directly smash Luo Zheng's head.
But what made Zhou Tong even more depressed was that there were actually many dents on his pair of hammers!
Zhou Tong was also from a gentry family, but the gentry family he belonged to was not rich. Not every gentry family was as rich as the seven gentry families.
Furthermore, hammer type weapons were extremely rare and if he wanted to pick out a suitable pair of copper hammers from the upper grade Profound Armaments, that would be extremely difficult. He would definitely not be able to change this pair of copper hammers so he could only look for an Armament Master to repair it …
No matter what, he had to first deal with Luo Zheng, otherwise, not only would he lose the match, but he would also lose this pair of bronze hammers!
Losing this pair of bronze hammers would greatly weaken Zhou Tong's battle prowess, and he also didn't know what kind of weapon he would use in the next match.
"Rolling Mine Hammer!"
Zhou Tong suddenly lowered his body, and the bronze hammers in his hands drew two terrifying arcs in the air and pounded towards Luo Zheng's legs.
This time, Zhou Tong's gaze was on Luo Zheng's legs.
Zhou Tong was unable to break Luo Zheng's hands, so it wasn't realistic to directly hit Luo Zheng's face and chest. But this Rolling Mine Hammer was specifically aimed at the opponent's lower body. A person's lower leg bones were relatively weak, and the lower leg bones lacked the protection of fat. As long as these two hammers hit, it would be able to forcibly break Luo Zheng's lower legs!
If Luo Zheng's legs were crippled, Zhou Tong's chances of winning would be much higher.
Because of his sudden move, the two hammers arrived in front of Luo Zheng's lower body in a flash. He was delighted, as Luo Zheng obviously didn't expect that he would suddenly change his move.
But Zhou Tong's happiness didn't last long, as he saw Luo Zheng's pair of fists coming down on his head like a viper coming out of its hole.
"Clang clang!" Luo Zheng's iron fists smashed onto the bronze hammers, and forcibly pressed the hammers to the ground. Even though the ground of the arena was protected by a barrier, Luo Zheng still managed to make two holes.
Zhou Tong wanted to pull out the bronze hammers, but when he tried to pull them out, he found that the two hammers didn't move at all. Under the pressure of Luo Zheng's strength, they seemed to be embedded in the arena.
Disciples who were able to participate in the All-Peak Great Competition were all strong-willed people, so how could they admit defeat so easily?
After realizing that there was a huge gap in strength between himself and Luo Zheng, Zhou Tong decisively abandoned his weapon. What he feared the most was that with a fierce roar, all the True Essence in his body burst out, and that earth-yellow True Essence condensed on his body like a layer of armor.