Layers upon layers of battle armor condensed on his body, forming an incomparably thick defensive layer. After attacking for a long time without success, Zhou Tong finally switched from an offensive to a defensive stance.
"Haha, my Earth Spirit Battle Armor can defend against an all-out attack from a Divine Realm powerhouse. So what if you have infinite strength? Without the support of true essence, you can't break my battle armor! " Zhou Tong originally didn't plan on using this trump card. In the All-Peak Tournament, there were many geniuses. Many moves needed to be used at a critical moment in order to reverse the situation. But if he didn't use this move, he would be defeated.
In the first match, Zhou Tong wasn't considered strong for Luo Zheng. But for Zhou Tong to have so many trump cards left Luo Zheng somewhat surprised.
"It can defend against an all-out attack from a Divine Realm master?" Luo Zheng stared at the Earth Spirit Battle Armor on Zhou Tong's body, his lips curving into a smile. Since this was the case, he would test the limits of his mortal body's striking power!
"Collapsing Fist!"
Luo Zheng suddenly slid a step to the side, the strength of his entire body exploding. This time, Luo Zheng mobilized half of the dragon scale's strength.
His mortal body was originally much stronger than an ordinary martial artist's, not to mention the dragon scale's strength. Half of the dragon scale's strength was enough to strengthen Luo Zheng's pure mortal body by dozens of times!
Puff!
Luo Zheng's Collapsing Fist smashed into Zhou Tong's Earth Spirit Battle Armor, emitting a dull sound. The sound was like hitting dirt. Zhou Tong's earth-attribute true essence was originally good at defense. His Earth Spirit Battle Armor contained traces of the power of the earth. In the moment of an attack, it was able to disperse the power of the attack across the entire battle armor.
Deng deng …
Zhou Tong drew back two steps, his face flushed red. He thought that the strength Luo Zheng had erupted with before was Luo Zheng's limit. But under this fist, the true essence within his body tumbled, and a powerful strength leaked onto his battle armor. He found it difficult to withstand, and his Earth Spirit Battle Armor nearly collapsed.
"How is this possible …" Zhou Tong was born with divine strength, so he knew very well how difficult it was to increase one's strength. When and how did Luo Zheng's strength suddenly increase by half in an instant? Could it be that this was not the limit of his strength? Or perhaps, he had been holding back before?
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He waved his fist and continued to press forward. It was still half the power of the dragon scale. He once again smashed into the Earth Spirit Armor.
"Pfff …"
With a muffled thump, the thick Earth Spirit Battle Armor began to flicker as if it would collapse at any moment …
The sickly red flush on Zhou Tong's face deepened. After enduring for a long time, he finally couldn't hold it in any longer and spat out a mouthful of blood!
He couldn't hold on any longer …
When Luo Zheng took a sliding step and was about to rush over, Zhou Tong suddenly waved his hand and hurriedly shouted, "Referee, referee, I admit defeat!"
"Luo Zheng wins, Zhou Tong loses!"
The referee on the side announced the result of the battle expressionlessly.
Since Zhou Tong admitted defeat, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't continue to pursue him. Although there were disciples who died in the All-Peak Competition, in the end, it wasn't advocated to fight to the death.
Only when he saw Luo Zhai's hand did Zhou Tong gasp for a few breaths of air. In his heart, he thought that it was a close call. This fellow was simply a ferocious beast in human form. His Earth Spirit Battle Armor was about to collapse. If this terrifying fellow's fist landed on his body, he would probably be smashed into a dead pig …
"Luo Zheng, good job!" Mentor Wen's face revealed a gratified smile.
In the eyes of Mentor Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng had always been an anomaly. In fact, because Su Lingyun had been taking care of Luo Zheng before, the other mentors didn't intervene in Luo Zheng's affairs. However, Luo Zheng's several amazing performances were obvious to all.
The better Luo Zheng's performance was, the more benefits it would bring to Xiao Yufeng. Not only the gap in glory, but the whole Xiao Yufeng would also benefit. If Xiao Yufeng's ranking went up, the rewards of the other mentors would also increase.
The most important thing was that they wouldn't be looked down upon by the other peaks.
Mentor Wen intentionally or unintentionally looked at Mentor Wang of the Thick Sea Peak.
Mentor Wang sneered, "You're just born with great strength. Since ancient times, there have been many disciples born with great strength, but none of them have made great achievements. Haha, Tianyou, it's your turn in a while. You've prepared for the All-Peak Competition for two years. Our Thick Sea Peak is counting on you. If you meet Xiao Yufeng in the following matches, beat him hard!"
Beside Mentor Wang, there was a submissive disciple. That disciple was the Tianyou that Mentor Wang had mentioned.
Tianyou was also a Xiantian Full Cycle expert. The comprehensive battle strength of the Thick Sea Peak was one level higher than that of Xiao Yufeng. This time, there were three Xiantian Full Cycle experts participating in the All-Peak Competition.
The Thick Sea Peak was very ambitious. Their goal was to raise the ranking of the Thick Sea Peak to about the top ten. Among them, Tianyou was their biggest hope.
Hearing Instructor Wang's words, Tian You nodded. His appearance was ordinary, and he belonged to the type of people who would not be found in a crowd. However, when his eyes flashed, there was a bright light in them, as if they contained an extremely dangerous aura.
"Mentor Wang, I won't let you down. If I meet that guy, I'm sure I can defeat him in ten breaths." A confident smile appeared on Tianyou's face. It seemed that he didn't take Luo Zheng's performance seriously at all.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng's performance did surprise some people. In addition, Luo Zheng's opponent was also born with great strength, so the brute force confrontation between the two was indeed quite eye-catching.
However, in the Eastern Region, 99% of the warriors cultivated Zhen Yuan, and they disdained the use of pure strength. Abandoning Zhen Yuan and purely using brute force was a typical behavior of throwing away a watermelon and picking up sesame seeds. Therefore, most people just laughed it off, because Luo Zheng's brute force was not a big threat to them.
The conversation between Mentor Wang and Tianyou was not loud, but Luo Zheng, who had an extremely keen sense of hearing, heard it clearly. After all, they didn't deliberately lower their voices.
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't have much of a reaction.
After Luo Zheng's fight, Zuo Yun and another disciple of Xiao Yufeng came out.
Zuo Yun was the only Xiantian Full Circle disciple of Xiao Yufeng, so Xiao Yufeng naturally attached great importance to him. Moreover, Zuo Yun's first opponent was Hei Ming of the Black Rock Peak, who was not only a Xiantian Full Circle disciple, but also an Illusion Matrix Master.
To become an Illusion Matrix Master, one's soul talent was extremely high. That Hei Ming was able to cultivate to the Xiantian Full Circle realm at such a young age, and also had attainments in Illusion Matrices, which was enough to show that he was a heaven-sent genius.
Moreover, the Killing Matrices used by Illusion Matrix Masters were unpredictable and changeable, which was very difficult to deal with.
Therefore, Zuo Yun's first fight was against such an opponent, which could be said to be a bad start.
However, since Zuo Yun was able to reach this step, he was also a person with a firm will. Naturally, he wouldn't easily admit defeat just because the opponent was difficult to deal with.
After the 18 disciples of the Nine Palace Grid had all arrived, the referee announced the start of the fight.
Hei Ming wasn't tall, his skin was dark, and his teeth were white when he smiled. When Zuo Yun's gaze swept over Hei Ming, he suddenly felt his soul tremble.
This was the special ability of an Illusion Matrix Master, which was to use a powerful soul force to suppress the opponent.
In fact, if Luo Zheng had cultivated, he could also use his powerful soul force to create this effect. However, Luo Zheng cultivated the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》, which was a Heaven-class technique that was more inclined towards sudden attacks. When the opponent was caught off guard, it would give the opponent a strong blow to the soul, and then use a heavy sneak attack. Combined with Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife, it was even more successful.
However, Hei Ming's soul force was endless, and was inclined to use his soul force to suppress the opponent.
The two Xiantian Full Circle disciples didn't exchange words. As soon as the referee's voice fell, Hei Ming's hand suddenly threw down an array flag. This array flag was completely black, as if it had a life of its own. When it was thrown on the ground, it automatically stood up.
"Set up the array, Black Fog Killing Array!"
Zuo Yun's fighting experience was also very rich. Of the disciples who had the perseverance to enter the Xiantian Full Circle, which one of them didn't train hard? If the Illusion Matrix Master was allowed to set up the array, it would inevitably affect Zuo Yun's fighting strength. At the same time, it would greatly increase Hei Ming's fighting strength.
Therefore, Zuo Yun moved the moment Hei Ming threw down the array flag. A white spear appeared in his hand. Zuo Yun used a spear!
As soon as the spear appeared, it directly pointed towards Hei Ming!
"Yi, Zuo Yun used a spear?" Teacher Wen saw this scene and was stunned.
The disciples on Xiao Yufeng also looked at each other.
In their impression, Zuo Yun had never used a weapon. Even when Zuo Yun accepted several challenges from the inner disciples of Xiao Yufeng, he didn't use a weapon. He had always used a fist technique!
But today, as soon as he appeared, he took out a weapon. The white spear's grade was not low. It was actually a middle-grade spiritual weapon.
"Hehe, I didn't expect Zuo Yun to hide so deeply!" Teacher Wen laughed. Obviously, the reason why Zuo Yun hid his spear technique was to use it in the All-Peak Competition. Know yourself and know your enemy, and you will be victorious. On the other hand, if the enemy knew less about you, your chances of winning would be higher.
Another teacher on Xiao Yufeng shook his head and said, "Teacher Wen, don't be happy too early. Zuo Yun used a spear at the beginning. This shows that he is afraid of Hei Ming's illusory array. Otherwise, he would have left the spear to use in the next battle."
"That's true … The chances of winning this battle will depend on Zuo Yun's performance," Teacher Wen said cautiously.
In the battle arena, Zuo Yun's spear pierced through the air. Hei Ming was not only proficient in arrays, but his body movement was also not bad. He was like an extremely flexible fish.
Zuo Yun did not follow Hei Ming's figure after his spear pierced through the air. He knew that the most terrifying thing about Hei Ming was not himself, but his array flag. Once Hei Ming's illusory array was set up, his chances of winning would be greatly reduced!
Therefore, Zuo Yun stabbed the array flag on the ground with his spear. He wanted to destroy this array flag.