Array flags were used to arrange an illusion array.
An illusion array master's ultimate goal was to draw an illusion array. It was impossible for them to draw an illusion array during a battle. Therefore, they would draw the illusion array on the array flags before the battle. This way, they would only need to throw out the array flags during the battle.
The most important thing to fight against an illusion array master was to prevent them from arranging the array flags. Once an illusion array master finished arranging the array flags, the illusion array would be very beneficial to the illusion array master. Whether it was an ordinary illusion array or an illusion killing array, the threat was very big.
Therefore, Zuo Yun's spear did not succeed. His next spear thrust towards the black battle flag on the ground.
However, at the same time that Zuo Yun thrust out his spear, a black fog escaped from the array flag. As soon as the fog appeared, it enveloped Zuo Yun.
This black fog was one of Hei Ming's soul attacks.
Strictly speaking, this array flag was not used by Hei Ming to arrange an illusion array. The black array flag was just a bait. When Zuo Yun attacked this bait, the black array flag would release the black fog and bind Zuo Yun.
During a battle, no one would allow an illusion array master to easily arrange an illusion array. However, an illusion array master's fighting style was flexible and varied. Zuo Yun was not careful for a long time.
"You want to destroy my array flags? Dream on … "
A sneer appeared on Hei Ming's face. He immediately threw several different colored array flags on the ground.
At this time, Zuo Yun was bound by the first array flag. Naturally, he could not divert his attention to destroy the array flags behind Hei Ming.
"Puff Puff Puff …"
Hei Ming threw out six array flags in one breath. These array flags were arranged in a hexagon with equal distances. It just so happened that Zuo Yun was trapped in the middle.
Immediately, Hei Ming took out an illusion array disc. He poured a touch of True Essence into it. The six array flags lit up at the same time. The illusion array was activated.
With great difficulty, Zuo Yun managed to free himself from the black fog produced by the Black War Flag, but immediately after, he fell into the Black Cry's Illusion Array. Standing in the Illusion Array, Zuo Yun felt as if he was facing a great enemy, and the long spear in his hand was constantly thrusting.
In all fairness, Zuo Yun's spear technique was very strong. Every time he thrust out his spear, it was like a poisonous dragon coming out of its lair. Above the spearhead, there was even a glimmer of True Essence. This kind of spear technique was not something that could be practiced overnight, and almost no one in Xiao Yufeng knew that Zuo Yun knew how to use a spear. This meant that Zuo Yun had secretly passed down a very powerful technique.
But Zuo Yun, who was in the illusion array, stabbed the air with his spear. Even if Hei Ming was close, Zuo Yun was unable to discover him!
At this time, Hei Ming had a smile on his face. He took out a Fire Water Rod from his spatial ring and slowly walked behind Zuo Yun.
"Since you are in my Illusion Array, you are unable to distinguish between real and fake illusions. At this moment, you can only be slaughtered by me!"
Hei Ming's Illusion Array was not an Illusion Killing Array, but an extremely strange Illusion Array. In this Illusion Array, one would not be harmed, but the Illusion Array would create many illusions of Hei Ming. At this time, Zuo Yun's long spear was thrusting through the air, assassinating Hei Ming's illusions.
Therefore, no matter how powerful Zuo Yun's spear technique was, he would not be able to distinguish Hei Ming's real body in the Illusion Array. Therefore, Hei Ming should be able to easily win this battle.
But just as Hei Ming arrived behind Zuo Yun and was about to raise his Fire Water Rod to attack Zuo Yun, Zuo Yun seemed to feel something. He suddenly turned around and counterattacked.
"Hu –"
The long spear in Zuo Yun's hand was pushed over. The cold light on the tip of the spear was aimed straight at Hei Ming's chest.
Hei Ming didn't realize that Zuo Yun could discover his real body among so many illusions. Therefore, when he saw Zuo Yun's ferocious strike, he couldn't react in time. At the same time, he sucked in a breath of cold air and tried his best to shrink to the side!
"Chi …"
Although Hei Ming's dodging speed was fast, the clothes on his chest were still cut by Zuo Yun's long spear. The sound of cloth tearing could be heard.
Zuo Yun's spear hit the target. Then, with a shake of his hands, Hei Ming's voice was followed by a few more spear attacks.
Hei Ming was so scared that he rolled and crawled on the ground. In the end, he still managed to dodge Zuo Yun's spear attacks.
"This, this guy …" Hei Ming's face turned gloomy. Originally, after he activated the illusion array, he thought that he had won the battle. He did not expect this guy's perception to be so sharp. Under the siege of so many illusions, he was still able to find his real body!
With Hei Ming's illusion array strength, Zuo Yun would definitely not be able to distinguish the authenticity of the illusions. This meant that Zuo Yun had a very sharp perception and was able to lock onto Hei Ming's killing intent.
The illusions in the illusion array were exactly the same as the real body. Even the killing intent could be faked. However, Hei Ming's strength was not at that level. That was why the scene just now happened.
"I did not expect you to have such good perception. I have underestimated you! How about this time? " Hei Ming took out a slender crystal and pressed it into the illusion array disc. When the crystal was pressed in, it immediately released a surge of energy.
The illusion array disc was the control center of the illusion array. After increasing the energy, the illusion array set up by Hei Ming was even more powerful.
Zuo Yun's face suddenly changed. Standing in the center of the illusion array, it was as if he had seen something terrifying. The spear in his hand continuously stabbed out. From time to time, he would reveal a confused expression.
Hei Ming smiled. He raised the Fire Water Rod and walked forward to Zuo Yun's side. When Zuo Yun stabbed out with his spear, Hei Ming's rod smashed onto Zuo Yun's shoulder.
"Heaven-traversing Rod Technique!"
As an illusion array master, Hei Ming's attainments in array formations were astonishing. However, his attack power was not strong. After all, he was in the Xiantian Full Circle realm. When he smashed out with his rod, Zuo Yun was caught off guard.
"Bang!"
The heavy rod smashed Zuo Yun several meters away.
Although Zuo Yun was in pain from the strike, he rolled on the ground. He quickly grabbed onto his spear and leaped up. The spear in his hand circled around him as he swept it around.
Unfortunately, after Hei Ming gave Zuo Yun a heavy blow, he had retreated far away. Zuo Yun's spear swept through the air.
"I thought this rod could smash your shoulder blade. I didn't expect your defense to be so good. It doesn't matter. There's still time …" Hei Ming sneered. He continued to avoid Zuo Yun's attack and approached him from behind.
"Bang!"
Hei Ming smashed his rod again. This time, the rod hit Zuo Yun's back.
After being hit by this rod, Zuo Yun was finally unable to withstand it. He spat out a mouthful of blood …
"Alas, Zuo Yun is unlucky to encounter an illusion array master. He can't break his illusion array and can only take a beating!" Mentor Wen shook his head. Xiao Yufeng's disciple with the highest realm was being played in the palm of his hand. He definitely couldn't be happy.
"Zuo Yun should just admit defeat. Why is he still persisting?! He won't be eliminated even if he loses a match. I didn't expect him to be so stubborn! "Another mentor said with a frown.
Luo Zheng looked at Zuo Yun, who was being beaten in the arena. Admitting defeat was indeed a simple matter for Zuo Yun. However, Luo Zheng understood that Zuo Yun's martial arts heart was extremely tenacious.
The most important thing for this kind of martial arts heart was persistence! It was also the most precious martial arts heart among martial artists.
He didn't want to admit defeat so casually because he didn't want to damage his martial arts heart! If he admitted defeat so casually, his martial arts heart would collapse. If he admitted defeat to any opponent in the future, what motivation would he have to grow?
Unless Zuo Yun completely lost his fighting strength, he would fight with all his strength. This was the persistence of a martial artist!
Strictly speaking, Zuo Yun's talent wasn't outstanding. However, his tenacious martial arts heart allowed him to walk all the way to the Xiantian Full Circle. Therefore, the path of cultivation didn't only rely on talent, but also one's own efforts and persistence.
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples didn't expect that Zuo Yun would lose so miserably in his first match.
Hei Ming's Fire Water Rod looked like a wooden rod. However, a knowledgeable refiner would be able to tell that the rod was made from hundred-year-old Xuan Gold Wood.
After the Xuan Gold Wood was harvested, it had to be boiled in boiling oil for half a year. After it was completely cooked and soft, a carving knife was used to inscribe runes on it. After the runes were added to the array, a layer of dark iron could be wrapped around it. Only then could the Fire Water Rod, which was close to a high-grade spirit weapon.
Not only was this rod very heavy, but it was also much harder than ordinary gold and iron. It could smash a person to death.
Zuo Yun was smashed more than a dozen times by the rod. Bruises covered his entire body, and many of his bones were broken. However, he still relied on his willpower and stubbornly held on.
A cruel smile appeared on Hei Ming's face. That smile was like the smile of a naive and cruel child who tore apart a frog that he caught.
"Enough!" Mentor Wen stood up angrily. He walked to the arena and shouted, "In this match, our Xiao Yufeng's disciple, Zuo Yun, admits defeat!"
Hei Ming threw down the half-dead Zuo Yun and smiled at Mentor Wen. "Isn't this against the rules? You can't admit defeat on behalf of him. Hehe. "
According to the rules, Mentor Wen couldn't admit defeat on behalf of Zuo Yun. Only Zuo Yun himself could admit defeat.
However, Zuo Yun was already lying on the ground on the verge of death. Could it be that he could only watch as Zuo Yun was beaten to death by this brat?
"Brat, are you a disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak?" Mentor Wen asked coldly. There was a hint of threat in his words. Although the Mentor of the 33 Peaks didn't have much power, if Hei Ming didn't have any background, it was still possible to trick this brat. Moreover, Mentor Wen had Su Lingyun to rely on. Su Lingyun was the most protective. Although she didn't pay as much attention to Zuo Yun as Luo Zheng, if she knew that Xiao Yufeng's disciple was beaten and humiliated by other Peaks' disciples, she wouldn't let it go. Fortunately, Su Lingyun wasn't here today. Otherwise, she would have already rushed up.
"So what if he's a disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak? What? Mentor Wen, do you have a problem with that? " At this time, an old woman with a walking stick came out. This old woman was the Mentor of the Nine Zhang Peak. Although her cultivation wasn't high, she was very old. It was said that even some immortals had to call her Granny Hua when they met.
Hearing Granny Hua's words, Mentor Wen suddenly stopped talking. This Granny Hua was indeed a difficult person to deal with.
But seeing Zuo Yun's dying appearance, Mentor Wen's anger rose from his heart. The Peak Competition was not a battle to the death. This brat was actually so cruel. If this could be tolerated, what could not be tolerated? Just as Mentor Wen was arguing with reason, the referee suddenly announced Hei Ming's victory.
According to the rules of the Peak Competition, if one side directly admitted defeat or lost the ability to fight, it was considered a defeat. After Zuo Yun couldn't hold on, the referee naturally announced that Hei Ming was the winner.
Mentor Wen glared at him fiercely, then jumped into the arena and carried Zuo Yun down.
＝＝＝＝＝