Granny Hua patted Hei Ming's shoulder and said, "Hei Ming, well done! But take it easy next time. Those trash from Xiao Yufeng aren't worth your Fantasy Demon Crystal! "
The Fantasy Demon Crystal was a crystal that Magic Matrix Masters often used to increase the power of their Magic Matrix. Hei Ming's Magic Matrix didn't completely trap Zuo Yun, but after using that Fantasy Demon Crystal, the power of the Magic Matrix suddenly increased greatly, making Zuo Yun unable to resist.
Mentor Wen walked down with the scarred Zuo Yun in his arms. When he heard Granny Hua say that the disciples of Xiao Yufeng were trash, he was so angry that his beard trembled. "You!"
Granny Hua glanced at Mentor Wen indifferently. Her wrinkled face smiled and said, "What? The last peak, the only peak that can send out a Xiantian Full Circle expert, was beaten by our Nine Zhang Peak's disciples. If he isn't trash, then what is? "
The Nine Zhang Peak was ranked 11th among the 33 peaks. Its strength wasn't bad, and Hei Ming was very young. He was only 18 years old this year. What's more, Hei Ming wasn't the most powerful disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak. This time, the Nine Zhang Peak was very ambitious. If they wanted to reach the top 5, they had several trump cards in their peak.
The disciples of Xiao Yufeng were filled with righteous indignation. They stared at Hei Ming and Granny Hua angrily, but their skills were inferior. At this moment, they really had nothing to say.
After Mentor Wen put down Zuo Yun gently, he took out a medicinal pill from his chest and prepared to stuff it into Zuo Yun's mouth.
At this moment, Luo Zheng handed over a fiery red medicinal pill and said, "Mentor Wen, let him eat this."
Mentor Wen took a closer look and a surprised expression appeared on his face. This was a Red Cloud Pill.
Fifth-grade medicinal pills were expensive, but Luo Zheng could afford them with his current status, so he often prepared some first-aid medicinal pills.
Tutor Wen couldn't tell that Luo Zheng was so rich. He guessed that this medicinal pill was most likely given to Luo Zheng by Su Lingyun. However, the fact that Luo Zheng was willing to give a fifth-grade medicinal pill to Zuo Yun made Tutor Wen secretly shocked. It should be known that the value of a fifth-grade medicinal pill was enough to make a Xiantian Realm warrior struggle for many years. Luo Zheng was indeed very generous.
What he didn't know was that Luo Zheng's current net worth wasn't lower than those old monsters. He was even richer than Su Lingyun.
Although Su Lingyun was a princess, her net worth was no more than 100,000 cubic crystal stones. This was already considered rich among the princesses. After all, the Imperial Family didn't know how to do business. Too many cubic crystal stones were useless to them.
Luo Zheng relied on refining the essence of the Third Eye. It could be said that he was guarding a never-ending mine. When he was short of money, he only needed to smelt some Xuan Weapons and Spiritual Weapons, and the cubic crystal stones would flow into his account.
After Zuo Yun swallowed the Red Cloud Pill, a flush appeared on his pale face. This Red Cloud Pill was very effective, but its medicinal properties were also very strong. The medicinal effects crashed left and right in Zuo Yun's body, making Zuo Yun very painful.
After a while, Zuo Yun woke up and gasped for breath. He reached out to wipe the sweat on his forehead and said to Mentor Wen, "I'm sorry, Mentor Wen. My cultivation is too low."
Zuo Yun didn't need to say this to Mentor Wen because Mentor Wen wasn't his Master. Zuo Yun was fighting for himself and Xiao Yufeng, not for someone else.
"It's okay. Zuo Yun, you can rest at ease and recuperate." Mentor Wen smiled bitterly and said, "Our Xiao Yufeng is the last one anyway. Even if we lose this time, we'll only be ranked 33rd. We won't fall to 34th …"
Zuo Yun also sighed. This time, his goal was to strive to enter the top 100. In fact, in the previous battle, he still had a lot of strength that he hadn't used, but his attainments in the aspect of soul were not high enough, so he was at a disadvantage against an Illusion Matrix Master.
Now that he had been seriously injured at the beginning, he naturally couldn't fight again. Although the Red Cloud Pill's medicinal effects were excellent and could completely heal his injuries without leaving any sequelae, but he still had to rest for several days. So, he naturally had no chance to participate in the All-Peak Competition.
At this time, Zuo Yun suddenly looked at Luo Zheng. Zuo Yun also understood that it was impossible to count on Xiao Yufeng and the other disciples, because none of them had reached the peak of Xiantian realm, so it was impossible for them to achieve good results. Although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage, but Luo Zheng's fighting strength couldn't be measured by his realm.
"Brother Luo Zheng, now we can only count on you." Zuo Yun said softly.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Zuo Yun, you can rest assured that I will make the disciples of Jiuzhang Peak pay the price, hehe …"
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng's face didn't have much expression, but this didn't mean that he didn't care about Xiao Yufeng's colleagues. In particular, Zuo Yun's character was quite good. He didn't deliberately target him because Luo Zheng had snatched the first place of Xiao Yufeng. Instead, he told him about the rules and a lot of information about the All-Peak Competition, so that Luo Zheng could have a general understanding of the All-Peak Competition.
Therefore, Luo Zheng had silently made a decision in his heart that he would pay back what Jiuzhang Peak had done to them on behalf of Zuo Yun.
"Don't underestimate the enemy. That illusory matrix is very powerful …" It wasn't that Zuo Yun looked down on Luo Zheng, but to break the illusory matrix, one had to rely on a strong soul force. However, it was very difficult to train one's soul. Even at the realm of Zuo Yun, the soul force was still very weak, not to mention that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage. Luo Zheng's specialty was his innate divine strength, but it was impossible to rely on his innate divine strength to break the illusory matrix, so Zuo Yun was very worried.
However, he didn't know that Luo Zheng's soul had already been as hard as a rock after being tempered by the giant furnace. Moreover, since he started practicing the "Frightening Divine Thorn" and comprehended the "Selfless Realm", the plasticity of his soul had far exceeded that of his peers. Even among the Xiantian Full Circle warriors, it was impossible to find a warrior whose soul was as powerful as his.
Zuo Yun had good intentions, so Luo Zheng nodded, indicating that if he were to fight against Hei Ming, he would definitely be careful.
While they were talking, another 18 warriors stepped onto the stage at the same time to fight. This time, there was no Xiao Yufeng's disciple.
However, when a person stepped onto the stage, the whole audience suddenly boiled over.
That person was wearing a white robe, but it wasn't the standard white robe of an outer disciple, but silk brocade. That young master had an incomparably noble aura, and he carried a three feet long Qingfeng Sword on his back.
"It's Hua Tianming of Tianyi Peak! I didn't expect that he would be assigned to fight in the third round. It's too early. "
"It can't be helped. No matter how strong Hua Tianming is, he is not a pro-disciple, so he still needs to fight his way up from the group stage."
"If there's something to watch, then just watch. Being able to watch such a battle between masters will also give you a strong understanding of your own martial arts practice!"
Everyone was discussing Hua Tianming animatedly.
"Hua Tianming …" Luo Zheng shook his head. He was indeed ignorant and inexperienced. It seemed that this person was extremely famous in the Blue Cloud Sect, but he didn't know him.
Speaking of the masters of Tianyi Peak, Luo Zheng only knew one person, Zhu Tianlai. The strength of the disciples of Tianyi Peak was indeed not to be underestimated. Zhu Tianlai wasn't considered a top disciple of Tianyi Peak, but he had the strength to contend against a Demon General. This Hua Tianming in front of him revealed a monarch's might with every movement, causing Luo Zheng to be secretly on guard.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was expressionless, Mentor Wen explained to Luo Zheng, "Hua Tianming is a disciple born from the grassroots. In terms of talent, he can be called a genius that appears only once every five hundred years. He reached the Xiantian Full Circle at the age of eighteen and comprehended sword intent. He once had a record of defeating a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist … If you encounter him, it's best to choose to admit defeat."
Because Zuo Yun had been beaten to the brink of death, Mentor Wen had already lost confidence in the battle. Although he still had a glimmer of hope on Luo Zheng, in his opinion, this hope was very slim.
Hua Tianming was a swordsman. If he fought with Hua Tianming, if he wasn't careful, it wouldn't be as simple as just being injured. There was a great possibility that he would lose his life!
"I understand, Mentor Wen," Luo Zheng said, but there was still a smile on his face. Although Mentor Wen's advice was for his own good, Mentor Wen didn't understand his thoughts at all.
The All-Peak Competition was indeed full of masters. Even for Luo Zheng, he wasn't sure that he could win against some of them. Since he had chosen to participate in the All-Peak Competition, he must rush to the front. If he didn't fight until the last moment, he would never stop.
Therefore, after seeing Hua Tianming's strength, his heart was constantly trembling. Trembling wasn't out of fear! It was because he couldn't suppress his excitement!
Amidst the cheers, Hua Tianming stood in the center of the arena.
Hua Tianming's opponent was also at the Xiantian Full Circle. It was Zhuge Xiu from Tiannu Peak.
Compared to Zhuge Feng, Zhuge Xiu's character was calmer. Although he was strong, he wasn't as famous as Zhuge Feng.
However, after meeting Hua Tianming, Zhuge Xiu was very cautious. He pulled out the sword in his hand and said coldly, "Hua Tianming, draw your sword!"
Hua Tianming shook his head and smiled faintly, but he didn't intend to draw his sword. "I don't need to draw my sword to deal with you."
Hua Tianming wanted to fight with his bare hands!
Zhuge Xiu gritted his teeth. As a member of the Family Zhuge Clan, his strength was considered outstanding even in Tiannu Peak. However, he didn't expect Hua Tianming to be so arrogant and refuse to draw his sword.
"You don't want to draw your sword, right? Then I'll force you to draw it! "After saying that, Zhuge Xiu rushed toward Hua Tianming with his long sword in hand.
"Triple Annihilation Sword!"
Zhuge Xiu's swordsmanship was very powerful, and he knew how terrifying Hua Tianming was. He used his strongest trump card, the Triple Annihilation Sword. There were only three moves, but each move was more powerful than the last.
Facing Zhuge Xiu's killing move, Hua Tianming suddenly moved strangely. His body movement was very strange. He didn't move at all, but he moved strangely toward Zhuge Xiu. The moment he got close to Zhuge Xiu, Hua Tianming suddenly extended two fingers.
It was these two fingers that pressed on the hilt of Zhuge Xiu's sword.
"Bang, clang …"
Hua Tianming was so fast that Zhuge Xiu didn't even have time to react. Those two fingers only lightly tapped the hilt of Zhuge Xiu's sword, and Zhuge Xiu's sword fell to the ground.
Then, Hua Tianming's fingers instantly pointed at Zhuge Xiu's forehead.
Zhuge Xiu stood still and didn't dare to move. Hua Tianming could knock down his sword with just the strength of his fingers. Zhuge Xiu didn't doubt that those two fingers could explode his head.
"I, I admit defeat …"
The difference in strength was too great. There was no suspense in this kind of battle. Zhuge Xiu admitted defeat quickly enough.
Hua Tianming didn't even look at Zhuge Xiu. He immediately turned and left.
Even the referee was stunned by this scene. It wasn't until Hua Tianming walked out of the arena that he remembered that he had to announce the result of the battle. "Hua Tianming wins, Zhuge Xiu loses!"
"Wow …"
Whether Hua Tianming was the most outstanding disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect was still uncertain, but there was no doubt that he was the most popular disciple.
A big reason was that Hua Tianming was a disciple born in the grass roots. He had walked all the way from grass roots to where he was now. He even had the experience of defeating a Divine Realm master. This in itself made him a legend.
The battles in the arena went on one round after another.
Three-quarters of the disciples were eliminated in the group stage. Every disciple had to go through two or even three rounds of battles. This process was very long.
Three more disciples from Xiao Yufeng's sect went to the arena one after another. However, this year, Xiao Yufeng's performance was indeed not good. Except for Luo Zheng, who won in the second round, the other three disciples all lost.
In the eighth round, it was finally Luo Zheng's turn.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus Tian You of Thick Sea Peak!"
When the referee's words came, Mentor Wang of Thick Sea Peak suddenly smiled, but Mentor Wen's expression changed.
Mentor Wang favored the disciple named Tian You very much. Mentor Wen naturally saw that Tian You was a seeded player of Thick Sea Peak. His strength was absolutely not to be underestimated. Thick Sea Peak had been quiet all these years. They were indeed accumulating strength, waiting to explode in the All-Peak Competition.