"Heh heh heh, Xiao Yufeng's disciples were eliminated so quickly. I thought that they wouldn't even have a chance to fight with us, but I didn't expect that it would be their turn so soon! Tianyou, it's your turn! "Mentor Wang sneered.
Tianyou walked out from behind mentor Wang and stretched lazily. He looked at Luo Zheng with an expressionless face and said to mentor Wang: "Three moves, I only need three moves. This kid will be defeated by me."
In Tianyou's opinion, Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian second stage and was not worth mentioning at all. Although Luo Zheng had previously erupted with terrifying innate divine strength, but what was the use of innate divine strength? No matter how great one's strength was, if it couldn't match the explosive power and speed of Zhen Yuan, then he would forever be a brute!
Hearing the words of mentor Wang and Tianyou, Mentor Wen's face became gloomy. He wanted to refute, but he didn't know where to start.
Previously, Mentor Wen had a trace of confidence in Luo Zheng and Zuo Yun, but Zuo Yun had been defeated in the first round and had been seriously injured to the point that he couldn't participate in the next round. This had seriously damaged his confidence, and at this moment, facing Tianyou's contemptuous words, he could only endure.
The world of warriors had always been like this, strength was respected, and the weak only had two paths to choose, one was to endure, and the other was to die. Not to mention, this was the Blue Cloud Sect, and if it was in the outside world, they often wouldn't even have the opportunity to "endure" … …
"Three moves?" Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows. Previously, Luo Zheng's mood had been very stable, and it could be said that he had entered a state of tranquility.
But this didn't mean that Luo Zheng would really endure. In this world, there were many powerhouses who could make Luo Zheng endure, for example, the Blue Cloud Sect's sovereign Shi Jingtian, who was sitting on the high platform, was one of them, but it was absolutely not Tianyou, who was in front of him. Even if Tianyou had some ability, but it was far from enough to make Luo Zheng pay attention to him!
"What? Three moves is enough to give you face, and if there is no accident, I only need two moves. "Tianyou said with a scornful smile.
"If you can't defeat me in three moves, will you admit defeat?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Tianyou coldly snorted and said, "I know you want to provoke me. After enduring three moves, you want to force me to admit defeat? Fine, I'll give you one chance. Three moves. If I can't take you down, I'll admit defeat! "
"Good! Tianyou, Tianyou are worthy of being the chief inner disciple of a domineering.. .................. Tianyou to Tianyou ''s strength....... was, Tianyou''s......... he '..... was...... ..................... to.
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. Then, he stopped talking and strode toward the fighting arena.
In this round, the disciples arrived one after another. Luo Zheng and Tianyou soon stood on opposite sides of each other.
"Open your eyes and watch carefully. I'll let you understand what it means to be defeated in three moves! Take out your weapon! "After Tianyou finished speaking, he took out a black and blue saber from Luo Zheng's hand. Tianyou was a swordsman. This black and blue saber was called "Fierce Beheader". It was a high-grade spiritual weapon. He had obtained it by chance when he went out to gain experience.
The black and blue saber was his trump card, and his biggest trump card was his understanding of the saber intent. He had been practicing saber skills for ten years and had finally comprehended a little bit of the saber intent not long ago! Although he still couldn't fully master it, but in time, he would comprehend the saber intent!
The saber was an extremely overbearing killing weapon, and the saber intent was even more fierce and overbearing. Although he had only comprehended a little bit of the saber intent, but it was enough to double his fighting strength. This was Tianyou's biggest trump card!
"Weapon? My fist is my weapon, "Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
There were still many matches in the Peak Competition. Even Luo Zheng didn't have much confidence in defeating some of the experts. Therefore, in the previous matches, Luo Zheng didn't want to reveal too many trump cards.
Once your trump cards were revealed and seen by others, they would naturally think of a way to deal with it. Therefore, the more trump cards a person had, the greater the chance of winning.
"Whether you have a weapon or not, I'll defeat you in three moves!" A big smile appeared on Tianyou's face. Suddenly, he shouted, "Wind Breaking Peak!"
Tianyou's black and blue saber suddenly turned into saber shadows. Those saber shadows were in a spiral shape. They split into two pairs, then four pairs, then eight pairs …
Luo Zheng stared at those saber shadows. His expression didn't change at all. These saber shadows faintly contained a trace of fierce and overbearing momentum, as if they could cut everything in the world.
Of course, it was just "as if". Tianyou seemed to have comprehended a trace of saber intent, while Luo Zheng's sword intent had been comprehended to the Basic Realm. Moreover, Tianyou had practiced saber for ten years, while Luo Zheng had only practiced sword for less than a month. In comparison, their comprehension abilities were simply worlds apart.
"This move is not much of a threat to me," Luo Zheng suddenly pushed away and activated the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his arm, increasing his speed by 30%.
There were still many matches to come. The energy in the Soaring Phoenix Crystal was not infinite. What's more, it didn't take much energy to dodge Tianyou's move. A 30% increase in speed was enough.
Luo Zheng was like an agile leopard, shuttling back and forth among those saber shadows. Those saber shadows couldn't touch Luo Zheng at all.
Tianyou's eyebrows jumped. To be honest, Luo Zheng's speed was beyond his expectations. But seeing Luo Zheng shuttling back and forth among his saber shadows, he suddenly sneered, "Shuttling back and forth among my saber shadows is simply courting death. Divine Wind Gathering!"
Tianyou operated his Zhen Yuan. Those saber shadows that were constantly splitting suddenly stopped splitting and floated around Luo Zheng.
After a moment of fission, those saber shadows had now split into 32 pairs, totaling 64 saber shadows.
"Divine Wind Gathering, Gather — Kill!" Tianyou clenched his fist. The 64 saber shadows suddenly reversed their direction and began to gather toward Luo Zheng.
If these 64 saber shadows gathered together, they would have to cut Luo Zheng's body. Tianyou was already imagining the 64 saber shadows cutting Luo Zheng into a cripple …
"Clang Clang Clang!"
However, the scene that Tianyou imagined didn't happen. Luo Zheng directly rushed to the front and smashed the dozen saber shadows in front of him with his fists!
"His fists are so hard?" Tianyou's face revealed an incredulous expression. What was the secret behind his fists? Tianyou sized up Luo Zheng's fists, but found that his hands were empty. There wasn't even any Zhen Yuan!
The vast majority of martial artists cultivated weapons, but there were also a very small number of martial artists who cultivated fist techniques.
Because cultivating fist techniques had an obvious disadvantage. No matter how hard a martial artist's body was, it couldn't be harder than those magical weapons.
Therefore, in the later stages of cultivation, one needed to use Zhen Yuan to cover their fists with a layer of Zhen Yuan. Only in this way could they resist Xuan Weapons and Spirit Weapons.
However, Tianyou clearly saw that Luo Zheng didn't condense any Zhen Yuan in his fists. In other words, he completely used his fists to forcibly block his saber shadows. For a moment, Tianyou wondered if he had seen wrongly.
What Tianyou didn't know was that Luo Zheng's fists weren't the only part that was hard. His entire body had been tempered several times by the Deviant Fire. After absorbing the energy of the Deviant Fire, he condensed two Spirit Tattoos. His body had become as hard as a mid-grade Spirit Weapon, or even more so!
Luo Zheng could only madly run for his life when faced with the saber Qi released by an expert like Mo Xiuyan, who had entered the Divine Reflection Realm for many years. However, when faced with Tianyou's saber shadows, he could completely stand in place and let those saber shadows cut him without harming him in the slightest.
However, Luo Zheng's actions were too frightening. Therefore, Luo Zheng cut off this idea and chose to use his fists to shatter Tianyou's saber shadows.
"Two moves. You still have a chance to make one move," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Although Luo Zheng had only revealed the hard power of Luo Zheng's fists, there were still many people present who remembered Luo Zheng's characteristics.
Just now, Luo Zheng's innate divine strength wasn't particularly exaggerated, so they didn't know what to record. However, being able to shatter saber shadows with his fists was enough to attract their attention. Most of the people who recorded Luo Zheng's characteristics were mentors from various peaks. If their disciples encountered Luo Zheng in the competition below, they would tell their disciples to pay attention to Luo Zheng's fists. Those fists were indestructible!
"Not bad! Luo Zheng! "Mentor Wen, who was watching from the side, suddenly cheered. At this moment, Mentor Wen felt incomparably relieved.
Ever since he had led Xiao Yufeng's disciples here, he had been suppressing his anger. Now, he could finally hold his head high. At the same time, he didn't forget to remind Luo Zheng, "There's still the third move! Luo Zheng, be careful! "
"Come on, Luo Zheng! Kill that guy called Tianyou! "
"He's already scared. If he can't take you down with the last move, he'll lose!"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples also took the opportunity to jeer.
At this time, the face of Mentor Wang from Hou Hai Peak was completely gloomy. He couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had trained his fists. However, after understanding the power of those fists, he already knew that Tianyou was going to have a hard time in this battle.
Tianyou narrowed his eyes. He had indeed underestimated Luo Zheng before, but he wasn't anxious or impetuous. As a saber user, he could easily cut off the negative emotions in his heart.
After preparing for three breaths of time, Tianyou slowly raised the black saber and slowly spat out a few words.