Crazy Demon Chop was the most powerful move of Tian You's saber arts.
The Vital Essence Cultivation Method he practiced leaned toward the wind attribute of the five elements, which emphasized speed, ruthlessness, and ferocity.
As the Crazy Demon Chop slashed toward Luo Zheng, a whirlpool appeared in front of his Dark Blue Saber, forming a constantly rotating Saber Qi. Within the Saber Qi, there was a faint trace of saber intent hidden within.
Saber intent, sword intent, spear intent …
It was quite difficult to comprehend these concepts.
It was already very impressive that Tian You could comprehend a trace of saber intent. No matter what move it was, as long as a trace of saber intent was added, its power would increase exponentially.
The saber intent that Tian You had comprehended couldn't cover the entire saber. He could only attach a trace of saber intent to the rotating Saber Qi in front of the saber before slashing toward Luo Zheng.
Even if it was only a trace of saber intent, Tian You felt it was enough to get rid of Luo Zheng!
"Let's see how you block it!"
With a sneer on his face, Tian You ruthlessly slashed out with the Crazy Demon Chop.
Saber intent …
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and felt the trace of saber intent attached to the Dark Blue Saber.
For Luo Zheng, such a trace of saber intent was really too little.
Luo Zheng hadn't comprehended sword intent for long, but he could already use it as he pleased. Moreover, his sword intent could cover a distance of one zhang around him. As long as something entered the area covered by his sword intent, he could cut it into pieces with just a thought.
The saber intent that Tian You relied on the most was not worth mentioning in Luo Zheng's eyes.
The moment the Crazy Demon Chop slashed toward Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. A trace of sword intent suddenly appeared and instantly eliminated the saber intent contained in the chop.
The most important part of the Crazy Demon Chop's power was the trace of saber intent. Only this trace of saber intent could cause harm to Luo Zheng. After the saber intent was erased, it basically posed no threat to Luo Zheng.
"Huh?"
At this moment, Tian You was completely dumbfounded.
The saber intent that he had comprehended with great difficulty had actually disappeared in an instant!
This was impossible!
The Saber Will was not a physical object. It was Tianyou's ultimate understanding of the Saber Way. Although it was only a sliver of understanding, this understanding was so profound that it could not be erased.
Unless the opponent had an even more powerful will, such as sword intent, spear intent, or any other kind of martial intent!
"Could it be that Luo Zheng has comprehended some kind of concept?" Tianyou was bewildered.
This was also because Tian You's cultivation was not high enough. He was not as sensitive as Luo Zheng when it came to perceiving the sword intent. Luo Zheng had only used a wisp of sword intent to destroy his saber intent. Moreover, he had withdrawn the sword intent the moment it was destroyed. Therefore, Tian You could not perceive it at all.
While all kinds of suspicions arose in Tianyou's heart, his' Insane Devil Chop 'also started to become erratic.
A martial artist should have a heart that was as firm as a boulder. They had to carry out their own firm will at all times. Once their will became unstable, the power of their hands would be greatly weakened.
What's more, Luo Zheng could have dealt with this attack without the help of the saber intent.
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng punched the back of Tian You's black saber. A huge force was poured into the black saber, and Tian You suddenly lost his grip on it. Both of his hands clenched the saber as he retreated several steps. Only then did he manage to place the black saber on the ground, gasping for breath.
With Luo Zheng's strength, he could have easily defeated Tian You in a single move. But at this moment, he did not intend to do so. Instead, he looked at Tian You with a smile and said, "You've lost."
"I've lost? What a joke! It's just that the 'Insane Devil Chop' didn't work. I think you haven't woken up yet. I'll let you see my true strength … "Tian You sneered as he lifted the black saber. He waved it in his hands as if he was about to launch an even fiercer martial skill. Perhaps his comprehension of saber intent was not pure enough, so he had failed. But Tian You did not think that it was Luo Zheng who had erased his saber intent.
"Oh? I didn't think someone would be so forgetful. "Luo Zheng suddenly patted his head and laughed.
"Forgetful?" Tian You asked.
"I don't know who made the agreement of three moves. Didn't you say that you only need three moves to defeat me? If you can't defeat me in three moves, you should admit defeat! "Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Tian You's face suddenly froze.
Previously, Tian You had indeed boasted that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves. According to Tian You's estimation, Luo Zheng would absolutely not be able to withstand his' Insane Devil Chop '. Therefore, it was not an exaggeration to say that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves.
But who would have thought that when he used the third move of the 'Insane Devil Chop', his saber intent would suddenly disappear. Thus, according to the agreement of three moves, he had indeed lost.
But after all, this was the Whole Peak Competition. If he had fought in the arena on ordinary days, he would have lost. In the Whole Peak Competition, there were as many experts as there were clouds. As long as he lost a match, his chances of qualifying would be slim. Therefore, it was impossible for Tian You to admit defeat.
However, Tian You had previously boasted that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves. Now that he had not finished his words, it was inevitable that he would have a reputation of going back on his words.
"Tian You, the agreement of three moves. You have already made three moves. You have already lost. Quickly admit defeat!"
"You are so shameless. What you have said is like spilled water. Quickly admit defeat to the referee and get out of the arena!"
Before, Hou Haifeng had been mocking Xiao Yufeng. Now, Xiao Yufeng's disciples could not help but seize this opportunity to make noise.
Tutor Wen also said to Tutor Wang of Hou Haifeng, "Tutor Wang, this agreement of three moves was made by your disciple. I don't know if your Hou Haifeng will abide by it." Tutor Wen had been sweating profusely for Luo Zheng just now, but Luo Zheng had given him such a big surprise. He had actually withstood Tian You's three moves very easily.
Tutor Wang's face was very ugly at this time. He had absolute confidence in Tian You's strength. According to Tutor Wang's evaluation of Tian You's strength, in the group stage, Tian You had no opponents at all. The real resistance should be in the next round. Only when he encountered the top players of the 33 peaks could he taste defeat.
However, in this round of the group stage, there were also masters of the top 10 peaks of the 33 peaks. If Tian You was unlucky and was assigned to those masters as opponents, it was very likely that Tian You would not be able to advance. Therefore, he could not make Tian You obediently admit defeat.
Therefore, Tutor Wang was now in a difficult position.
Compared to the previous agreement of three moves, Tutor Wang still felt that the Peak Competition was more important. After thinking for a while, Tutor Wang finally decided to throw away his old face and shouted to the arena, "Tian You, put aside the agreement of three moves for the time being. You have to deal with every battle of the Peak Competition well!"
These words were so shameless that Xiao Yufeng's disciples heard them and immediately made noise again.
"How shameless! You don't keep your promise. How can you say it so righteously? I've seen it for myself …"
"Hehe, no wonder there's a word 'thick' in Thick Sea Peak. So that's why. I think it's better to change the name to Thick-Skinned Peak from now on!"
"What's the use of Thick-Skinned Peak? They're all shameless … "
Several disciples of Xiao Yufeng mocked indignantly.
The disciples of Thick Sea Peak were all hot-blooded youths. When they heard Xiao Yufeng's disciples ridiculing their Thick Sea Peak, they could not help but curse at Xiao Yufeng's disciples. The battle on the arena was not over, but a war of words had already set off outside the arena.
When the disciples of the other peaks heard the quarrel here, they also looked over with strange eyes. It was really a new thing that there were people quarreling in the Peak Competition.
"Silence!"
At this time, a Perfected Person floated over and looked down with cold eyes. Xiao Yufeng and the disciples of Thick Sea Peak immediately fell silent.
In the arena, Tianyou smiled faintly and said, "Mentor is right. The Peak Competition is very important to me. How can I admit defeat because of such a small matter? Luo Zheng, take this! " After Tianyou found a way out from Mentor Wang, he rushed toward Luo Zheng again with the Dark Blue Saber in his hand.
"Small matter? The ancients say that a promise is worth a thousand gold. Keeping a promise is a small matter for you! Then what's a big matter for you? Going back on your word? Going back on your word? "Luo Zheng mocked while dodging Tianyou's attack.
"Shut up!" No matter how thick-skinned Tianyou was, he could not stand being mocked like this. He could only stare coldly at Luo Zheng.
"The fourth move, the fifth move, the sixth move …" Luo Zheng dodged Tianyou's saber while counting Tianyou's moves.
Tianyou did not expect Luo Zheng to be so fast. At this moment, he was doing his best, but Luo Zheng's flexibility was far beyond his imagination. What made him even more mad was that Luo Zheng was counting every move he made.
"The eightieth move …"
"The hundredth move. Even if I give you a hundred moves, you can't even touch a hair of mine. Tianyou, you are really a waste!" Luo Zheng laughed loudly.
"Go to hell!" Tianyou's anger had been completely ignited. He aimed at Luo Zheng and launched another Crazy Demon Chop.
"I let you make a hundred moves, but I didn't make a single move. You said that you only need three moves to deal with me, but I tell you, I only need one move to deal with you!" After Luo Zheng finished speaking, his smiling face suddenly changed. His whole body suddenly leaned to the side. Before Tianyou could launch his Crazy Demon Chop, his fist had already smashed into Tianyou's chest.
Luo Zheng's move was a classic example of using speed to fight slow. Just like Hua Tianming's move, this punch did not reveal any of Luo Zheng's cards. It only made everyone re-evaluate Luo Zheng's explosive power and speed.
"Bang!"
This punch smashed into Tianyou's body, instantly sending him flying. He fiercely hit the barrier light curtain above the arena.
The arena was divided into nine small arenas by the barrier. Each arena was separated by a barrier light curtain to ensure that the nine arenas would not affect each other.
Fortunately, the barrier light curtain was only a protective barrier. The light curtain was very soft. If this light curtain was like Yun Luo's barrier, Tianyou's bones would have been shattered.
Even so, Tianyou suffered Luo Zheng's Bursting Fist. How could he feel good?
Several of his ribs were broken. He leaned weakly against the light curtain, unable to say a word. His eyes were filled with astonishment …
＝＝＝＝＝