He had tried his best, but he couldn't even touch Luo Zheng. Moreover, from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had only used his speed and body to fight, and he hadn't even used his Zhen Yuan!
Was this guy really at Xiantian second stage? Was he a freak?!
Seeing Luo Zheng walking towards him with a sneer on his face, Tian You looked at Luo Zheng's cold smile as if he was looking at a dead man, Tian You shuddered and quickly shouted towards the referee: "I, admit defeat! I, Tian You, admit defeat! "
The referee expressionlessly announced the result of the fight: "Luo Zheng wins, Tian You loses!"
After the referee finished speaking, the barrier's light curtain was removed. Tianyou clutched his chest and rushed out of the arena, as if a demon was chasing after him.
"Luo Zheng, too cool!"
"To deal with this kind of guy who doesn't keep his promise, you have to teach him a lesson!"
Xiao Yufeng's disciples were very excited, while Hou Haifeng's disciples were all dejected at this moment.
Hou Haifeng had lost both the battle and the battle formation. If Tian You could defeat Luo Zheng, then they could still fight back. In any case, in the world of warriors, a hero was determined by success or failure. A win was a win, so what if Tian You didn't keep his promise? What else could Xiao Yufeng do besides shouting like a resentful wife? Many Hou Haifeng's disciples were ready to use these sharp words to fight back.
But … …
The result was completely beyond the expectations of Hou Haifeng's disciples. Tian You actually lost!
This was completely beyond the imagination of Hou Haifeng's disciples. They couldn't understand why Tian You had vowed that he would defeat Luo Zheng in three moves, but the result was that he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng even after using hundreds of moves, and then he was defeated by Luo Zheng in one move … …
The difference was too great, and the disciples of Thick Sea Peak couldn't react for a while. As for being mocked by Xiao Yufeng's disciples, they couldn't say a word. They had lost, and they had lost. They racked their brains but couldn't find any words to fight back.
Although Luo Zheng didn't use his full strength in this match, it still attracted a lot of attention. The mentors kept revising their evaluation of Luo Zheng.
For example, Tianyi Peak was known as a once-in-500-year genius, Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming had always been very confident in his own speed. This was because he had inadvertently obtained a secret manual for cultivating a movement technique. It was called the Phantom God Step. Although the Phantom God Step was called a movement technique, it was actually a special footwork. However, this footwork contained a special concept that could increase his speed to the extreme.
With the Phantom God Step, Hua Tianming had once defeated a Divine Reflection expert with a sly sword.
However, Hua Tianming saw something strange about Luo Zheng's sudden burst of speed. Hua Tianming didn't take Luo Zheng's speed seriously. After all, there was still a big gap between his own Phantom God Step and Luo Zheng's speed. However, he noticed that Luo Zheng didn't use any movement technique when he moved. It seemed that he relied entirely on his own explosive power to move.
Hua Tianming was surprised that he could have such a flexible speed without cultivating a movement technique.
If Luo Zheng cultivated a movement technique that increased speed, wouldn't his speed reach a higher level? This guy was really a freak. This was Hua Tianming's evaluation of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know about Hua Tianming's evaluation of him. He returned to Xiao Yufeng and found a corner to sit down as if nothing had happened. He quietly waited for the competition below.
Mentor Wen and the other disciples of Xiao Yufeng naturally wouldn't disturb him. Luo Zheng had won two out of two matches. If nothing unexpected happened, he would probably be the only hope for Xiao Yufeng.
Round after round of battles took place in the arena.
In this year's Peak Competition, many amazing disciples emerged from the Blue Cloud Sect.
Whether it was the lower ranked peaks, such as Vulture Peak and Furious Waves Peak, or the higher ranked Tianyi Peak and Black Rock Peak, some extremely powerful disciples emerged. Just the competition in the group competition was extremely fierce.
However, the disciples of Xiao Yufeng didn't perform well. Except for Luo Zheng who maintained two consecutive victories and another disciple who had two losses and one victory, the other disciples were basically all defeated.
Soon, it was Luo Zheng's turn to fight in the third match.
"Luo Zheng of Xiao Yufeng versus Hei Ming of Black Rock Peak!"
Mentor Wen's face sank when he heard the two words "Hei Ming". Xiao Yufeng's disciples also showed anger on their faces.
As an Illusion Matrix Master, Hei Ming was extremely powerful and had many tricks up his sleeve. The key point was that he was also very cruel. Zuo Yun was originally the other seeded player of Xiao Yufeng besides Luo Zheng, but he was seriously tortured by Hei Ming as soon as he arrived in the arena!
In the group competition of the Peak Competition, it didn't matter if you lost one match. As long as you won the following matches, you still had a chance to enter the next round. However, after Zuo Yun was injured, even if he was cured with magic pills, it was naturally impossible for him to fight again in a short period of time!
How could the people of Little Rain Peak not hate him?
"Luo Zheng, pay attention to Hei Ming's Illusion Matrix. That guy's Illusion Matrix is very strange." Before Luo Zheng entered the arena, Zuo Yun reminded him from the side. He had experienced Hei Ming's Illusion Matrix, and even now, he still had a lingering fear.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Understood, I will pay attention."
Mentor Wen warned, "If you can't beat him, just admit defeat. There is no need to fight with him. This guy is too cruel!"
Luo Zheng had won two matches in a row, and it was basically certain that he would qualify for the group competition. Therefore, Mentor Wen warned him to be on the safe side.
Hearing Mentor Wen's words, Luo Zheng just nodded, but he didn't agree. Most of the time, when warriors fought, what they lost was a breath. Since he came to participate in the Peak Competition, he participated with the belief that he would win!
Then, Luo Zhengcai walked up to the arena.
"Eh? Why is it Xiao Yufeng's disciple again? I'm quite fated to meet Xiao Yufeng today. "When Hei Ming saw Luo Zheng, a slightly naive smile appeared on his face. However, under that naive smile, there was a cruel nature that couldn't be concealed.
"It's quite fated," Luo Zheng responded faintly. Although Luo Zheng didn't show too much expression when Zuo Yun was tortured by Hei Ming, he suppressed a strong impulse in his heart at that time, and that was the impulse to rush up and beat this guy up! After all, this was the Peak Competition. There were many Perfected Persons, Elders, and even the Sect Master on the field. No matter how confident Luo Zheng was in his explosive power, it was impossible for him to rush up in front of so many people.
Hei Ming licked his lips and said, "That guy named Zuo Yun is the most powerful Xiao Yufeng, right? Did you see his end? If you're afraid, you can admit defeat in advance! "After saying that, Hei Ming pointed to the referee next to him, with a very pure smile on his face.
It had to be said that Hei Ming was a very sunny boy. His dark skin made him look healthy and full of vitality, but his methods were very different from his image.
"Admit defeat?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows jumped up high. He slowly walked towards Hei Ming, and his fingers squeezed so hard that the sound of bones cracking could be heard. "I'd like to see what qualifications you have to make me admit defeat!"
The hardness of Luo Zheng's body was comparable to that of a middle-grade spiritual weapon, and the periosteum in his knuckles was also incomparably tough. As he squeezed, the sound of bones cracking could be heard from his knuckles.
"Pa! Pa! Pa … "
The sound of bones cracking was like a clap of thunder, resounding throughout the arena.
The other eight pairs of disciples had already started fighting. The sound of all kinds of weapons colliding and shouting was also covered by the sound of bones cracking by Luo Zheng.
Many disciples cast a surprised look over. How could they imagine that fingers could make such a loud sound of bones cracking?
"Insignificant skill! In the path of body refining, reaching the Marrow Refining Realm is the limit. No matter how strong your body is, how strong can it be? Humph! " Hei Ming restrained the smile on his face, and a Formation Flag appeared in his hand. Then, he threw it to the ground and quickly retreated.
Strictly speaking, Hei Ming's fighting strength was not considered powerful among the Complete Primordial Realm experts. If he were to fight with Luo Zheng, he would definitely lose.
However, Hei Ming still looked down on body refining. After all, the biggest reliance of the warriors in the Eastern Region was the True Essence.
After cultivating to a high level, one could strengthen their body to the extreme just by activating their True Essence. One move could destroy a river. The reason why the martial artists of the Eastern Region practiced Body Tempering was to lay a foundation for stepping into the Innate Mystic Realm.
Once they entered the Primordial Realm and gained the power to control the True Essence, who would spend time on body refining?
This was also the reason why Hei Ming disdained body refining. In fact, he was not the only one. In fact, most of the warriors in the Eastern Region thought so.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Formation Flag on the ground, and the corners of his mouth twitched slightly. Then, he stomped his feet and suddenly rushed toward Hei Ming. With Zuo Yun as an example, Luo Zheng would not let Hei Ming easily arrange an illusion array!
"Forward Punch!"
In the group competition, Luo Zheng did not intend to use the Heavenly Demon God Fist, so he only used the most common fist technique.
However, even the most common Forward Punch, coupled with Luo Zheng's terrifying strength and speed, was very threatening!
Hei Ming saw Luo Zheng rushing toward him like a gust of wind, and a touch of fear appeared on his face. An illusion array master was not afraid of how strong the opponent was. No matter how strong the opponent was, as long as the illusion array was controlled properly, there would always be a way to defeat the opponent.
An illusion array master was most afraid of not having a chance to arrange an illusion array. This was equivalent to a swordsman not having a sword in his hand, or a saber man not having a saber in his hand. There was nothing he could do!
After realizing Luo Zheng's speed, Hei Ming's True Essence surged in his hand. He stretched out his finger and gently pointed at the Formation Flag on the ground. "Rise!"
The light on the Formation Flag surged and rose against the wind. With a whoosh, it turned into a huge flag in front of Hei Ming.
Luo Zheng did not put the Formation Flag in his eyes at all. He bypassed it and rushed toward Hei Ming. However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the moment he passed the Formation Flag, the flag fluttered in front of his eyes and he began to circle around it.
"Eh? This Formation Flag is strange! "
Luo Zheng was obviously rushing forward, but as the flag fluttered, it led him to circle around it. It was very strange.
"Is this also a kind of illusion array? I'll break your Formation Flag. Let's see what you can do! "Luo Zheng stopped and punched the pole of the Formation Flag.
"Boom!"
Under the impact of Luo Zheng's great force, a green brilliance appeared on the pole of the Formation Flag. It turned out that there was a boundary attached to the Formation Flag, and this boundary protected the pole of the Formation Flag.
"Hehe, my Formation Flag is an Upper Grade Spiritual Weapon called the Stars Shifting Flag. How can it be destroyed by you?" Hei Ming said complacently. Now, he had enough time to set up a large-scale illusion array to deal with Luo Zheng. Thus, Hei Ming's lazy expression returned to his face. He leisurely took out the array flags and prepared to set up the illusion array.
"Can't I destroy it?" Luo Zheng sneered and then punched the Stars Shifting Flag.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng attacked with his left hand. The power of the fist contained a trace of the energy of the Blood Jade Spar.
This level of boundary was nothing to Luo Zheng. It was a world of difference compared to Yun Luo's boundary! Therefore, only a trace of the energy of the Blood Jade Spar was enough.
Soon, blood-red cracks appeared on the array flag, and the boundary collapsed in an instant.
"What!"