Despite Hei Ming's carefree attitude, from the moment Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, he didn't put Luo Zheng in his eyes at all. His words were full of belittling.
In fact, Hei Ming had already noticed every expert on the stage!
Whether it was Hua Tianming of Lone Sky Peak, Zhu Xunyi of Jade Maiden Peak, or Xia Tianheng of Hei Ming Peak, he had his own set of evaluation methods.
Hei Ming understood that Luo Zheng's strength was formidable, his speed was extremely fast, and his defensive power was also extremely abnormal.
Therefore, when facing Luo Zheng, although he was indifferent, he was already eighty percent vigilant. Moreover, he immediately deployed the Stars Shifting Banner!
This Stars Shifting Banner could be rated as a high-grade spirit tool, not because of its offensive power, but because of the "Revolving Illusory Array" and the runic enchantment engraved on the array flag.
As the name implied, if one stepped into the range of the Stars Shifting Banner, regardless of whether it was a human or an animal, they would all circle around the flag. Unless one could break the enchantment of the flag and completely destroy the Stars Shifting Banner, it would be possible to leave this "Revolving Illusory Array".
However, how could it be so easy to break the Stars Shifting Banner?
As a high-grade spirit tool, the runic enchantment engraved on it was something that even a martial artist who had just entered the Divine Realm would have to spend a lot of effort to break.
How could … Luo Zheng break the enchantment with a single punch? This was impossible! The enchantment could indeed be broken with brute force, but it wasn't something that could be done with ordinary brute force. How strong was Luo Zheng's strength?!
Hei Ming's face was full of disbelief.
However, he didn't know that the blood jade crystal on Luo Zheng's left arm was specialized in breaking enchantments. Even with Yun Luo's strength at the late stage of the Divine Realm, the enchantment she condensed was restrained by the energy of the blood jade crystal, let alone the runic enchantment on the Stars Shifting Banner.
The runic barrier was a barrier created by inscribing runes. Every time it was activated, it would consume a certain amount of crystal energy. Even if a powerful barrier master created a runic barrier, its effect would be greatly reduced. With the power of the blood jade crystal, it would be a piece of cake to smash the barrier.
Luo Zheng punched the energy of the Blood Jade Crystal into the barrier, forming a blood-red pattern that covered the barrier like a spider web. Then, with another punch, he directly shattered the barrier.
"Clang …"
The sound of glass shattering could be heard. Then, Luo Zheng punched the flagpole again, breaking it in half.
After all, this Stellar Transposition Flag was a high-grade spirit tool. Even its flagpole was made of rare wood. Its body was incomparably tough, and couldn't be damaged by swords or sabers. But, it couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's tremendous strength. Therefore, it was smashed into two pieces by Luo Zheng's fist.
"I have to use the Stellar Transposition Flag …" Seeing this scene, Hei Ming felt so distressed that his heart was trembling.
When he saw Luo Zheng crossing the broken Stellar Transposition Flag and walking towards him, Hei Ming immediately reacted. He didn't have much time left.
"You dared to destroy my spirit tool. I will destroy you!" Hei Ming's heart was filled with hatred. How could he not hate losing a high-grade spirit tool? Although as an illusionary array master, he would be invited to set up some illusionary arrays in the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, whether it was points or square crystals, he earned far more than the average disciple. However, a high-grade spirit weapon was not a cabbage. How could he not feel the pain?
Hei Ming stretched out his hand, and a bunch of Array Flags appeared in his hand. He muttered, "Lin, Bing, Dou, Zhe, Jie, Lie, In, Front! Heavenly Fire Killing Array, go! "
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Each of the nine array flags was engraved with a character that corresponded to the array text he had just recited. The array flags suddenly flew to Luo Zheng's front, back, left, and right, and were set up almost instantly.
This was an Illusion Killing Array!
An ordinary Illusion Killing Array would only create illusions. However, it wouldn't cause any harm to the opponent. At most, it would affect the opponent's mind, confuse them, and trap them.
However, an Illusion Killing Array was different. It could kill people through illusions!
Moreover, the person who set up the Illusion Killing Array could hide in it and deal a fatal blow to the opponent.
"Heavenly Fire Killing Array!"
A Perfected Master of the Blue Cloud Sect revealed an astonished expression. This Perfected Master was also an Illusion Array Master. His Illusion Killing Array was ranked second in the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, this Perfected Master clearly didn't expect that there would be a Blue Cloud Sect disciple who could set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array.
"I didn't expect an inner disciple of the Black Rock Peak to be able to set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array. Old Yu, your Black Rock Peak came prepared this time!" That Perfected Master said to Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak with a smile.
Being praised by the Perfected Master, Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak naturally felt proud. He smiled and said, "Xiang Yang Perfected Master is too kind. Hei Ming can indeed set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array. However, its power is incomparable to the one set up by Xiang Yang Perfected Master."
Xiang Yang Perfected Master shook his head and said, "If he can set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array at the peak of the Xiantian Realm, he might become the number one formation master of the Blue Cloud Sect in the future. There's no need to be modest about his attainments in formation."
In the past, Xiang Yang Perfected Master had only been able to set up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array after breaking through to the Divine Reflection Realm. From this point, it could be seen that Hei Ming's comprehension was much higher than Xiang Yang Perfected Master's.
This proved the astonishing power of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array!
"Haha, the Heavenly Fire Killing Array contains the power of the Heavenly Fire. I was planning to use this move against the Divine Reflection Realm disciples, but I couldn't help it. Luo Zheng, you destroyed my Stars Shifting Banner. Very well, you'll regret it soon." Hei Ming grinned maliciously. He took out the illusion formation disk in his hand and fiercely slapped it with his five fingers. Streams of Zhen Yuan flowed through the disk and connected to the flags.
Standing in the center of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the world spin. A black film of light immediately enveloped Luo Zheng.
This killing array isolated the space, so the people outside the arena couldn't see the situation of the opponents.
The so-called illusion formation was, in fact, an illusion created by the formation flags. Luo Zheng had seen this kind of illusion many times.
The Blood Red Mountain of the Blue Cloud Sect and various cultivation secret realms all had this kind of illusion formation. However, none of these illusions could compare to the one in the Immortal Mansion.
After the illusion of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array enveloped Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng instantly teleported and arrived in another space.
It was extremely hot in this space. The ground was cracked and wrinkled like human skin. There were pits of fire around Luo Zheng, and raging flames were burning in the pits.
Not far away, there was a person floating in the air with a malevolent grin. It was Hei Ming.
"Luo Zheng, what I like to see the most is the painful expression on a person's face. The most painful injury in this world is to burn your skin and flesh with fire. That kind of painful and twisted expression excites me the most! Next, let me burn you inch by inch! " The illusion formation disk in Hei Ming's hand flashed with a burst of light. Then, the fire pits around Luo Zheng suddenly increased in intensity.
"These are all illusions. Is Hei Ming also an illusion?" Luo Zheng was on guard, but he stood motionless. He didn't understand the mystery of this illusion formation, so he didn't change to deal with it.
"Boom!"
All of a sudden, raging flames burst out from the mouths of the heated kang beds, shooting straight into the sky. Following that, stone men crawled out from the pits one by one.
These stone men were pieces of red-hot stone, but each stone was burning with raging flames. Most of the flames gathered on the stone men's backs, like a flaming cloak that extended into the air.
As soon as more than a dozen stone men appeared, they surrounded Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng suddenly felt the surrounding air become hotter. The temperature of the flames hit Luo Zheng's face, making his skin feel scorching hot.
"The power of this illusion formation is very strong … I originally planned to rely on my physical strength to rush out of the group stage, but I didn't expect the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples to be so strong. They are much stronger than the warriors of the same level outside the Blue Cloud Sect!"
According to Luo Zheng's current strength, an ordinary Xiantian Full Circle warrior was no match for him. However, he encountered Hei Ming, who could give Luo Zheng a headache. This was the difference between the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and the other disciples of the Eastern Region!
"Dong dong dong dong …"
Dense footsteps entered Luo Zheng's ears. As the stone men got closer and closer, Luo Zheng finally moved.
Some powerful illusion formation masters could create illusionary formations that could suppress the enemy's strength. They could even change the gravity of the illusion, making it difficult for the opponent to move.
Fortunately, Hei Ming hadn't reached such a height yet. Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he immediately rushed towards a flaming stone man.
Luo Zheng thought that since these flaming stone men were made of stone, he could just smash them with his fists.
However, the moment Luo Zheng got close to a flaming stone man, he felt the burning temperature become stronger and stronger. The scalding feeling even made Luo Zheng's hair stand on end!
"Retreat!"
Realizing that the temperature wasn't something he could withstand, Luo Zheng could only retreat.
"Hahaha, Luo Zheng, I am God in the illusion formation. These flaming stone men were created by me, and they exist in my imagination. In my imagination, they were formed from meteorites in the sky, and their flames are meteorite fire. Ordinary flames can't be compared to them. I know your body is very strong. Let's see how you will resist!" Hei Ming sneered.
"You are God in the illusion formation?" A cold smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face: "What a shameless statement. It's true that you created this illusion formation, but with your strength, I'm afraid you can only create illusions of this level. I feel sad for your imagination!"
An illusion formation master could create illusionary formations, but the strength of the illusions couldn't be unlimited. The strength of the illusions depended on the strength of the illusion formation master.
"Hmph, I don't want to talk nonsense with you. Die for me!" Hei Ming pointed his finger, and the flaming stone men quickened their pace, surrounding Luo Zheng.
Facing the approaching flaming stone men, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and rushed towards one of them.
It was true that the meteorite fire on the flaming stone men was very powerful, but Luo Zheng's body wasn't to be trifled with. His middle-grade spirit tool body was enough to withstand very strong flames.
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and approached one of the flaming stone men. He punched the stone man's chest, and a huge force directly penetrated the stone man's chest. The biggest stone on the stone man's chest was dented. Instantly, the dent began to expand, and at the same time, cracks appeared.
"Rumble!"
Just like that, the stone golem shattered.
"Ah ah ah ~ ~ ~"
Hei Ming screamed. These stone men were infused with a part of his soul force. Luo Zheng's fist smashing one of the flaming stone men naturally caused Hei Ming great pain.
"Hmph, you're only so-so. Watch me blow up all your flaming stone men!"
The burning flames did cause some pain to Luo Zheng, but it was only temporary. His body could bear it.
"Rumble, rumble … …"
Luo Zheng's speed was incomparably fast, and in a flash, he blew up the other two stone men.
But when Luo Zheng rushed towards another flaming stone man, he suddenly heard Hei Ming shout: "Heavenly meteorite fire, in my name, burn everything, explode!"
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment, when the flaming stone man in front of him suddenly exploded. He was very close to this flaming stone man, and his whole body was engulfed by the violent raging flames.
"Hmph, to be able to destroy four of my stone men, your strength is not bad. Even those who have just entered the Illuminating God realm are unable to break this heavenly fire killing array. You, a little guy of Xiantian second stage, want to break it, it is simply a pipe dream!" Hei Ming floated in the air and sneered.
The ball of flame was burning fiercely, and from time to time, crackling sounds could be heard. After burning for a while, the flame slowly dissipated.
Illusionary killing array, although everything was just an illusion, but it could really kill people. The enemy trapped in the illusionary killing array was just like the real world, and would be injured, but this injury was not on the body, but on the soul!
If Luo Zheng was burned to death in the illusionary killing array, then his soul would be seriously injured, and there was a great possibility that he would turn into an idiot.
"Burn, burn, first I will burn you into an idiot, and then remove the illusionary killing array, and then I will entertain you!" Hei Ming's face had a trace of an excited smile. He could even imagine the feeling of being burned by the raging flames, and imagined Luo Zheng was like a loach thrown into boiling oil, constantly tumbling around.
When the raging flames slowly extinguished, a man's figure could be seen standing in the middle of it. His whole body was covered with golden light, as if he was a god, and he was exuding a frightening aura.