"Fire, where's the fire?"
At this moment, Hei Ming was stuttering.
The flame on the Flaming Stone Golem was not an ordinary flame.
Even the Heavenly Fire Killing Array contained different levels of Heavenly Fire power. At the same time, it differed according to the level of the user.
However, Hei Ming was very confident in the flame. Once, when he went out for training, a meteorite fell from the sky and smashed a huge crater in the ground. The flame in the crater burned for three days and three nights. Hei Ming visualized for three days and three nights at the side.
Not every warrior had the opportunity to observe the Heavenly Meteorite Flame. For Hei Ming, this was a great opportunity and also a great reliance for him.
However, even Hei Ming could not use the Heavenly Meteorite Flame casually. Only after setting up the Heavenly Fire Killing Array could he transform his True Essence into such a powerful flame and release it through illusions.
The Flaming Stone Golem was Hei Ming's illusion, while the Heavenly Meteorite Flame was a real flame!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng was standing there safe and sound. The aura on his body was even stronger. Why was he not hurt by the Heavenly Meteorite Flame at all? Was he immune to the flame?
Impossible. Even the legendary Son of Flame could not be completely immune to the damage of the flame. It was only when one's understanding of the flame reached a certain level that they could greatly offset the damage of the Heavenly Meteorite Flame!
"I don't believe that the power of the flame is ineffective against you! Flaming Stone Golems, attack! "Hei Ming clenched his teeth and manipulated the Flaming Stone Golems to surround Luo Zheng again.
When facing high temperature, Luo Zheng's body would activate this wonderful state. However, this time, his body did not seem to have changed much. Luo Zheng looked at the dense golden Sanskrit characters on his body and shook his head.
At first, Xie Lang's True Fire could burn his body. Later, he relied on the Earth Core Flame and the Sky Demon Sacred Flame, these two strange flames.
Although the Heavenly Meteorite Flame was powerful, its purity was far inferior to the Earth Core Flame and the Sky Demon Sacred Flame. Moreover, Luo Zheng had reached the level of a Middle Grade Spiritual Weapon. The Heavenly Meteorite Flame was not qualified to burn his body. This was also the reason why his body did not absorb the flame.
In other words, his body only felt that the level of the flames was too low. It only released the golden Sanskrit to help him resist the damage. It did not form a golden vortex to absorb the flames.
Thousands of Sanskrit characters were attached to Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, he looked like a golden man. He was no longer afraid of the Flaming Stone Golems.
Seeing the Flaming Stone Golems swarming towards him, a cold smile appeared on his face.
"Break!"
Luo Zheng reached out and threw a punch.
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
One stone golem after another was smashed by Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, four or five Flaming Stone Golems were destroyed by Luo Zheng.
At this time, the rest of the Flaming Stone Golems had surrounded Luo Zheng. Hei Ming shouted and detonated all the Flaming Stone Golems.
"Explode! I don't believe that I can't burn you to death! "
"Hu hu …"
In the illusion, a crimson flame soared into the sky and rushed to the peak of dozens of feet. Fortunately, this flame explosion was taking place in the illusion.
According to the law of illusion, all the energy would be firmly controlled inside the illusion and would not escape to the outside. If the illusion was broken and the energy escaped, it would mean that the illusion had been broken.
This flame soared into the sky and lasted for a few breaths of time. After the Heavenly Meteorite Fire burned out, it gradually extinguished.
Hei Ming took a deep breath and said, "Success. I didn't expect that I would have to detonate the Heavenly Meteorite Fire that I had been cultivating for so long to deal with Luo Zheng. He is already at the Xiantian second stage and has such strength. If he steps into the Xiantian Full Circle in the future, I will not be his opponent!"
The entire illusion was Hei Ming's spiritual projection. Hei Ming was immersed in the joy of success. At this time, his mood was calm and the illusion also gradually calmed down.
But after a while, the illusion suddenly surged and a violent storm appeared in Hei Ming's state of mind. Just like him, the illusion also became manic and restless. Not far away, the ground began to shake and the cracks on the ground began to expand. This showed that Hei Ming was very excited at the moment.
"The Heavenly Meteorite Fire erupted at the same time but I still can't deal with this brat!" Hei Ming murmured and his eyes flashed with intense fear.
After blocking all the Heavenly Meteorite Fire, Luo Zheng waved his arms and those golden Sanskrit characters gradually submerged into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng stepped out of the huge pit and stared at Hei Ming with a faint sneer on his face: "I have been suppressed by you all this time and I haven't even touched your sleeves. Now that you've had enough, it's my turn, right?"
Hei Ming was already in a panic. The unknown was the greatest fear. He couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cards and at the same time, he couldn't understand Luo Zheng's real strength!
To judge a warrior's strength, the most important thing was to use the realm and cultivation to check. Although the realm and cultivation were sometimes not accurate, because of the quality of the cultivation method and the different magic weapons on the body, it was easy for those outstanding genius warriors to challenge those of a higher realm or even several realms.
But even if it was a challenge of a higher realm, there must be a plan! Hei Ming's attack just now, even a Divine Reflection expert would be quite embarrassed.
But Luo Zheng was safe and sound! He was only at the Xiantian second stage!
"Could it be that he had already broken through to the Divine Reflection realm and suppressed his cultivation for the Qingyun Road and the reward? Impossible! The disciples of the All-Peak Tournament have to go through layers of screening. They must check the age of their bones. It is impossible for him to suppress his cultivation. The Sovereign, the Elders, and those Spiritual Masters are not to be trifled with! "
The unknown about Luo Zheng formed a huge fear in Hei Ming's heart.
"Go to hell! Hundred Illusory Death! "
Hei Ming waved his hand, and a hundred illusions were projected from his body. Those hundred illusions looked exactly like him, and their strength was not much different from his.
As soon as those illusions landed, they waved the long spears in their hands and rushed towards Luo Zheng. Hei Ming wanted to use the illusions to drown Luo Zheng!
Facing these illusions, Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest. The energy of the Soaring Phoenix crystal in his right arm gushed out, and the energy flowed through the meridians into Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, Luo Zheng's body was as light as a piece of white paper.
Then, he turned into a thin line and rushed straight towards Hei Ming.
"Stop him!"
Hei Ming waved his hand, and a hundred illusions of Hei Ming's body firmly blocked in front of him.
Luo Zheng's eyes slightly narrowed, and half of the dragon scales on his body lit up. Even if only half of the dragon scales lit up, the terrifying power was unimaginable. At this moment, Luo Zheng was like a savage fierce beast. What was more frightening was that he not only had amazing strength, but also extremely fast speed.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Luo Zheng randomly found an angle and directly rushed forward. Whether it was the long spears or the illusions, under the impact of Luo Zheng, they could only turn into a little bit of crystal light, dissipating in the illusory array, and turning into a trace of energy that returned to the array flag.
Soon, Luo Zheng broke through the human wall formed by a hundred Xiantian Full Cycle experts, and directly crashed into Hei Ming.
Hei Ming did not want to rely on these illusions to deal with Luo Zheng. Hundred Illusory Death was not his strongest attack. His strongest killing move was the Heavenly Meteorite Fire, but it had no effect on Luo Zheng. Therefore, he only hoped that these illusions could delay for a while, so that he could think of a way to break it.
But …
The illusions of a hundred Xiantian Full Cycle experts did not cause the slightest bit of trouble to Luo Zheng. In just a moment, Luo Zheng rushed forward, which caught Hei Ming off guard.
"Bang!"
Hei Ming felt his vision darken, and his whole body was heavily knocked away.
Outside the illusory array, this round of the competition had already come to an end. The other rounds of the competition had also ended. Now, all eyes were focused on the battle between Luo Zheng and Hei Ming.
Zuo Yun was sitting in meditation, regulating his breathing. After eating the Scarlet Cloud Pill, he needed to use his True Essence to dissolve the medicinal efficacies and spread them into the meridians of his whole body. Only in this way could the medicinal efficacies of the Scarlet Cloud Pill be stimulated.
Although Zuo Yun was concentrating on dissolving the medicinal efficacies of the Scarlet Cloud Pill, at this moment, he still had a trace of his mind on the competition stage.
Zuo Yun's mentality was very good. He was born of a concubine, and had encountered many unfair treatment since childhood. Step by step, he had relied on his own efforts and outstanding talent to enter the Blue Cloud Sect and become the first in the Xiao Yufeng Inner Sect. Even if Xiao Yufeng was only ranked at the last peak, this result was enough for him to be proud of.
Zuo Yun had never been complacent. With his vision, he also understood that today's achievements were not worth mentioning.
No matter what the situation was, he would give his all and slowly climb towards the peak of martial arts. But today, he had been beaten miserably by Hei Ming. Not only was he miserable, but even the entire Xiao Yufeng was miserable.
Besides Luo Zheng, he was the chief disciple of Xiao Yufeng. In fact, many people did not know Luo Zheng, but they knew that he was Zuo Yun.
But, the disciple with the highest cultivation in Xiao Yufeng was actually not worth mentioning in front of Hei Ming. He did not even have the strength to fight back. This thought had already become a demon in Zuo Yun's heart, and no matter what, he could not get rid of it.
The humiliation he suffered today was like a lump of pent-up Qi, blocking Zuo Yun's chest, making it difficult for him to breathe!
If Zuo Yun could not get rid of this demon in his heart, his future cultivation would be stuck at the Xiantian Full Circle, and he would not be able to make any progress!
To get rid of this demon in his heart, he could rely on himself, or he could rely on Luo Zheng. Maybe Luo Zheng could replace Xiao Yufeng and teach Hei Ming a lesson. Then, his demon in his heart would naturally be removed.
"Luo Zheng, you must win!"
On the other side of the competition stage, Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak was still talking with Zhenren Xiang Yang. The atmosphere was relaxed and harmonious.
＝＝＝＝＝