"When Hei Ming first entered our Black Rock Peak, he displayed his amazing attainments in formations. At that time, our Black Mountain Peak's outer sect had a cultivation mystic realm which was set up by Xiang Yang Zhenren. It was called the Nine Splendor Body Tempering Array!" Instructor Yu smiled.
Reverend Xiang Yang nodded. "I remember that among the 33 peaks of the Emerald Sky Sect, there are not many outer sect disciples who have cultivation mystic realms. I remember that only the outer sect disciples of your Black Rock Peak, Lone Sky Peak, and Vast Spirit Peak have them. The Nine Splendor Body Tempering Array is used to temper the body."
Most of the outer disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had not entered the Xiantian realm and were still at the fifth level of the Body Refinement Realm. Therefore, the array was only used to temper the impurities of the outer disciples.
"I don't know what happened that day. Maybe there was a thunderstorm the day before, and a bolt of lightning struck a hole in the Nine Splendor Body Tempering Array, making it unusable. Xiang Yang Zhenren, you were busy, so I couldn't find a suitable person to fix the illusion array. I didn't expect Hei Ming to recommend himself. I thought he was just a young boy, and the illusion array set up by Xiang Yang Zhenren was so exquisite that he could fix it. I didn't expect Hei Ming to really fix it! It's still working smoothly! "Instructor Yu smiled.
"Oh? There's such a thing? Not bad, not bad. I'll observe for a while. If Hei Ming can enter the top 100, I'll consider accepting him as my personal disciple! "Xiang Yang Zhenren stroked his beard and smiled.
The smile on Instructor Yu's face grew even wider. "However, Hei Ming is focused on the Dao of Formations. Although his attainments in Illusory Formations are impressive, his martial Dao is somewhat lacking." If Instructor Yu could recommend Hei Ming to Reverend Xiang Yang as his personal disciple, he would be greatly rewarded. Moreover, his Black Rock Peak was ranked second. He didn't rely on Hei Ming to get a place in the All-Peak Competition, but the inner disciples who had broken through to the Divine Reflection Realm.
"It's okay. The realm can be improved slowly, and so can the strength. However, the attainments in illusion arrays are innate. If Hei Ming is a good seedling, I won't let him go!" Xiang Yang Zhenren waved his hand.
"Let's watch this battle. According to my judgment, Hei Ming should win very easily … Hehe, the light screen of the illusion array faded!" While Instructor Yu was speaking, the light screen in the arena gradually dimmed. This meant that the battle in the illusion array was over.
Instructor Yu took a closer look and was about to say something, but the words were stuck in his throat. He was completely speechless!
Hei Ming was defeated?
In the arena, Hei Ming was lying on the ground while Luo Zheng was standing in the middle like an iron tower!
Others were fine, but Instructor Yu was clear about Hei Ming's battle prowess. If one was trapped by his illusionary killing array, even a Divine Reflection Realm expert would have a hard time.
Xiang Yang Zhenren was also dumbfounded. Hei Ming's opponent was only at the Xiantian second stage. How could he break the Heavenly Fire Killing Array? Even if Hei Ming's strength was only at the peak of the Xiantian realm and was unable to display the full power of the Heavenly Fire Killing Array, it was impossible for a Xiantian second stage boy to break it!
Hei Ming's body swayed a little. After being hit by Luo Zheng's punch, it was as if he had been hit by a wild ancient beast. It was not a good feeling at all.
He opened his mouth with great difficulty, wanting to tell the referee that he admitted defeat. But just as he opened his mouth, before he could say anything, a huge fist came right at his face.
"Poof!"
This fist hit his face, breaking the bridge of his nose and making it crooked to the side.
His face revealed a look of fear. Looking at the high and mighty Luo Zheng, he said with great difficulty: "Luo Zheng, you dare to hit me? The battle is … over!"
"Is that so? You haven't admitted defeat, nor have you fainted. How can it be over? "Luo Zheng said contemptuously.
Luo Zheng wanted to make Hei Ming pay for all the injuries he had inflicted on Zuo Yun.
Hei Ming finally understood that this seemingly ordinary inner disciple was, in fact, more ruthless than him! He was quick-witted and took advantage of Luo Zheng's carelessness to call the referee to admit defeat.
But just as Hei Ming opened his mouth, another fist came at him. Luo Zheng was not distracted in the slightest.
"Poof!"
This punch caused Hei Ming to bleed profusely and his teeth to fall to the ground. Although the elixirs could heal these injuries and even regenerate broken teeth, Hei Ming would not be able to see anyone for a period of time.
Luo Zheng did not give Hei Ming a chance to admit defeat. At the same time, he controlled the strength of his fist so that Hei Ming would not faint. At the same time, he was able to destroy his body as much as possible!
The referee at the side looked at this scene coldly. As a referee, he was just following the rules. As for whether these disciples fought to their deaths, it was none of his business!
Many Blue Cloud Sect disciples saw this scene and started to talk about it.
"That Luo Zheng is too cruel. Hei Ming wants to admit defeat, but he doesn't even give him a chance! This is too much! "
"You didn't watch the fight seriously, did you? In my opinion, that brat Hei Ming deserves it! "
"What do you mean?"
"Previously, the chief disciple of Xiao Yufeng, Zuo Yun, had already been defeated. He was beaten to death by Hei Ming! At that time, Hei Ming was not lenient. Now, he was taught a lesson by Zuo Yun's disciple from the same peak. Isn't that what he deserves? "
"So that's how it is. He really deserves it! But this Luo Zheng is really ruthless. Not only is he at the Xiantian second stage, but he can also help Zuo Yun get back at him. He … is even stronger than Wang Yun in the past! At that time, Wang Yun was at the Xiantian second stage and was able to rush into the top 100. Looking at Luo Zheng's momentum, he should also be able to rush into the top 100. It seems that Luo Zheng may also become a pro-disciple! "
This kind of discussion came one after another and many disciples lowered their heads to talk.
"Satisfying, too satisfying!" Instructor Wen's face was full of excitement and he was dancing with joy. It was as if he was the one beating Hei Ming in the arena at this moment!
Xiao Yufeng's disciples were also elated at this moment. The most excited one was Zuo Yun. He was sitting cross-legged, but at this moment, he was not in the mood to refine the medicinal power in his body. His hands were clenched into fists and his fingernails had been deeply dug into his flesh, oozing blood!
"Luo Zheng … thank you!" Zuo Yun secretly said in his heart. The pent-up anger caused by Hei Ming's humiliation and beating gradually dissipated at this moment!
The disciples of Black Rock Peak all had ugly expressions at this moment. Instructor Yu's face was even darker as he looked at the arena.
"Instructor Yu, how about I go up and stop him?" A man wearing a purple crown walked out from beside Instructor Yu. This person was wearing a Qinglong robe and a Qilin jade pendant on his waist. He had an imposing appearance and at first glance, one could tell that he was a dragon among men.
His surname was Su. He was one of the six princes of the Heavenly Incineration Dynasty, Su Long!
Su Long integrated his father Su Qian's martial talent and broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm at the age of twenty-four. Moreover, he was different from the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince who were fighting for the throne. Su Long wholeheartedly focused on martial arts and had no desire for the throne.
If possible, he would help the Third Prince Su Rui and help him ascend to the throne because he was Su Rui's younger brother.
Instructor Yu shook his head and said, "No, if you go up now, you'll be breaking the rules. Let me do it!"
Instructor Yu walked to the edge of the arena and shouted at Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, Hei Ming has lost. Stop!"
Luo Zheng smashed his fist down. He raised his head and coldly glanced at the black-faced instructor. He sneered, "Why should I stop? When Hei Ming was beating Zuo Yun like this, I didn't hear you come out and ask Hei Ming to stop! "
"Enough, he's a disciple of Black Rock Peak!" Instructor Yu clenched his teeth and said. He was an instructor of Black Rock Peak. He couldn't lower himself to say good things to a disciple.
"Oh? So what if he's a disciple of Black Rock Peak? Is his status more precious than the status of Xiao Yufeng's disciples? In other words, if the disciples of Xiao Yufeng, Vulture Peak, and Deep Sea Peak lose, they deserve to be beaten, and the disciples of Black Rock Peak are superior? "Luo Zheng retorted.
Luo Zheng's words touched the hearts of many disciples.
Although this was only a scene that happened in the fighting arena, the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect were never impartial. Many things happened in disputes, and often the reason was inclined to those peaks that were ranked at the top.
Over the years, the disciples and instructors of the lower ranked peaks had suffered a lot for no reason.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's words did indeed receive the approval of many disciples and instructors of the lower ranked peaks. Even Instructor Wen of Deep Sea Peak, who had a grudge with Xiao Yufeng, nodded silently.
Strictly speaking, the Blue Cloud Sect's approach was not wrong.
There was never absolute fairness in this world. The Blue Cloud Sect was right to give better resources to the stronger and more talented disciples.
But now, the one who stood was Luo Zheng, not Hei Ming! In other words, Luo Zheng was more powerful, more talented, and more talented than Hei Ming. Luo Zheng had proven his strength. Since it was within the rules, what right did the instructor of Black Rock Peak have to say anything?
"You! Do you know the consequences of provoking Black Rock Peak? You are destined to meet the disciples of our Black Rock Peak in the following battles. If you let Hei Ming go, I can ask them to let you go. If you are unwilling, I will return the pain that Hei Ming has suffered to you tenfold! "Since persuasion was ineffective, Instructor Yu turned to threats.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng punched Hei Ming again and sneered, "Fine, I will wait. I want to see how Black Rock Peak will return the pain to me!"
Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. He continued to punch Hei Ming. At this moment, Hei Ming's Qi was declining and he had no room to resist. However, Luo Zheng's attacks were not enough to make him faint, nor did they make him admit defeat. For Hei Ming, this was indeed inhumane torture.
However, Hei Ming forgot that this was his favorite thing to do.
At the last moment, Luo Zheng kicked Hei Ming away. Hei Ming hit the light barrier and fainted.
The referee announced, "Luo Zheng of Xiao Yufeng wins. Hei Ming of Black Rock Peak loses …"
Hei Ming's crushing defeat attracted many people's attention.
However, only a few people knew that the Black Rock Peak's Illusory Killing Array was very powerful, but they did not know how strong Luo Zheng was.
Most people did not even know the depth of Luo Zheng's strength. After all, the battle between Luo Zheng and Hei Ming took place in the Illusory Killing Array. The light barrier released by the Illusory Killing Array completely blocked everyone's vision.