Although the majority of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples were inclined towards Luo Zheng's way of giving an eye for an eye, they also understood that Hei Ming only had himself to blame.
However, Luo Zheng's ruthless methods still left a mark in the hearts of many Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
This ordinary-looking youth was too ruthless!
Those powerful disciples were still fine, but many of them looked at Luo Zheng with a faint reverence. If they met him in the arena, their momentum would be reduced by half.
This kind of thing happening to a Xiantian second stage disciple was indeed inconceivable.
It should be known that among the disciples who came to participate in today's Peak Competition, the weakest was at Xiantian seventh stage or eighth stage. About half of them were at Xiantian Peak, and a small number were at Divine Reflection Realm.
Luo Zheng did not show his full strength, so those Divine Reflection Realm warriors only noticed Luo Zheng's ruthlessness, but disdained Luo Zheng's strength. After all, the gap between a Xiantian life form and a Divine Reflection Realm warrior was too big.
Only a peerless genius like Hua Tianming could compete with a Divine Reflection Realm warrior, but Hua Tianming was at Xiantian Peak. What was Luo Zheng? Xiantian second stage was not enough to enter the eyes of a Divine Reflection Realm warrior.
Although the matter of Luo Zheng participating in the Demon Slaying Trial and killing the Demon General had once spread crazily within the Blue Cloud Sect for a while, especially to the female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak. However, those Inner Sect disciples who participated in the Demon Slaying Trial could only be the best among the various peaks. For example, Zhu Tianlai's performance in the Tianyi Peak was not bad, but it was only good. He did not even have the qualifications to represent the Tianyi Peak in the Peak Grand Competition.
Therefore, the news of Luo Zheng killing a Demon General did not cause much of a stir, or it could be said that it was not a big deal for the top geniuses of each peak.
After Luo Zheng walked down from the arena, Mentor Wen almost went up to give Luo Zheng a big hug!
If Luo Zheng won this match, he would definitely be able to rush out of the group stage. However, this was not the key point. Rather, it was that Luo Zheng had successfully helped Zuo Yun exact his revenge, helping Little Yu Feng vent his anger.
Why was the Blue Cloud Sect divided into so many peaks? It was for the competition between the peaks.
Today's Peak Competition, except for the disciples who came to watch, all the thirty-three peaks had placed large letters, so that all the disciples could watch the competition through them.
If Luo Zheng did not help Zuo Yun, it would be a big blow to Xiao Yufeng's confidence. All the disciples of Yufeng would feel ashamed, and even slack in their cultivation.
They were here, but they did not know that the Xiao Yufeng Peak was boiling!
At this time, Xiao Yufeng's inner and outer disciples each had a large letters. At this moment, except for those disciples who were cultivating hard, most of the disciples were surrounding the letters.
In fact, Xiao Yufeng's disciples had already boiled over before, and that was when Zuo Yun was beaten up.
Hei Ming's stick hit Zuo Yun again and again, and it was as if he was slapping their faces. All the Xiao Yufeng disciples present were filled with righteous indignation, and some of them even wanted to organize other disciples to make trouble!
The second boiling over was when Luo Zheng beat Hei Ming into a pig's head with his fists!
Luo Zheng's fists seemed to have hit the bottom of their hearts, making them feel incomparably comfortable. It was too cool!
"Overturn their Black Rock Peak, Luo Zheng must have the strength to overturn their entire Black Rock Peak!"
Seeing Luo Zheng's consecutive victories, most of the disciples ignored Luo Zheng's cultivation realm, and instead imagined that Luo Zheng could rush into the top 100.
The top 100, for Xiao Yufeng, was already an amazing record!
However, some disciples were still very worried. They were clearly aware that Luo Zheng's cultivation realm was insufficient, and there was obviously a gap between him and the others.
"Luo Zheng is only at Xiantian second stage … the top 100 are basically all Illuminating God powerhouses. I'm afraid Luo Zheng won't have that chance …"
However, as soon as this kind of unconfident talk appeared, it was immediately extinguished by the excited disciples.
"What did you say? Luo Zheng is our Xiao Yufeng's once-in-a-thousand-years genius. So what if he is a Illuminating God powerhouse? He will still be destroyed! "
"Humph, so far, I haven't seen how strong Luo Zheng's potential is! Perhaps his true strength isn't below the Illuminating God realm? "
Regardless of whether the Xiao Yufeng disciples were blindly optimistic or not, after Zuo Yun's crushing defeat, Luo Zheng had become Xiao Yufeng's only hope. Although they knew in their hearts that Luo Zheng would have a hard time dealing with those Illuminating God realm disciples, they weren't willing to admit this fact.
In the arena, round after round of group matches continued.
Only in actual combat could the disciples' true strength be tested.
The winner would advance directly, while the loser would be eliminated.
One genius after another was unearthed in the battles.
For example, Jade Maiden Peak's Quan Xiaoyan, Lone Sky Peak's Hua Tianming, Huanling Peak's Zhu Fanhai …
After three rounds, another crucial battle was about to take place in the arena.
"Lone Sky Peak's Mu Qingliu versus Jadeite Peak's Yue Qi!"
These two people were ranked at the top of the Green Cloud Proclamation.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were a total of 1000 disciples. Only those whose strength entered the top 1000 could leave their names on the proclamation.
However, this proclamation only rotated according to the disciples' daily battles on the arena. In reality, the strength of every martial artist on the proclamation was rapidly improving. Some martial artists had high comprehension abilities and improved rapidly, while some martial artists encountered bottlenecks and stopped moving forward.
Therefore, there were large discrepancies between the proclamation's rankings.
Therefore, the Blue Cloud Sect's Green Cloud Proclamation would have a small change every month, but the truly accurate and constant ranking was the grand proclamation that changed every three years. The disciples' strength assessed through the Peak Wide Competition could be accurately ranked.
The Peak Wide Competition included the most outstanding disciples in the entire Blue Cloud Sect. Besides a small number of disciples who went out to gain experience or were in closed door cultivation, basically all of them were gathered here.
And these disciples added up to less than 700. Therefore, the disciples who were able to stand here were basically all on the proclamation.
However, Luo Zheng was an exception.
His strength was advancing rapidly and his speed was too fast. Although he had challenged opponents in the arena, such as the outer disciples of Vulture Peak or people from Zhuge Feng, these people were not on the proclamation. Therefore, Luo Zheng did not appear on this proclamation.
Moreover, the strength gap on this proclamation was very large.
It was easy to enter the top 1000. About the top 30 of each peak could enter. However, for peaks like Deep Sea Peak and Xiao Yufeng, whose strength was at the bottom, one would probably have to enter the top few to qualify.
But the top 400 was very difficult. Those who could be ranked here were basically at the peak of the Xiantian Realm.
And the top 100 was basically the world of the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses.
Of the two people competing now, one was Mu Qingliu, ranked 99th, and the other was Yue Qi, ranked 72nd.
Previously, although there were Divine Reflection Realm disciples who participated in the group competition, they either easily defeated their opponents or directly admitted defeat. After all, these Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses had a high probability of encountering Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses. A Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse challenging a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse? Ordinary Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses did not have the courage or ability to do so.
Unless they were monstrous geniuses like Hua Tianming.
In fact, the formation genius Hei Ming, who had fought with Luo Zheng before, also had the ability to challenge Divine Reflection Realm disciples. His illusionary killing formation was very powerful. Even if a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse was trapped in it, it would be very difficult to escape.
Unfortunately, Hei Ming encountered Luo Zheng. Because of Luo Zheng's special body, he completely restrained fire attribute techniques. Naturally, Hei Ming could not do anything to him. In the end, not only was he defeated, but he was also beaten beyond recognition by Luo Zheng and lost the ability to continue fighting. Even if Hei Ming relied on elixirs to recover, he would not be able to recover in a short time. Naturally, he was not able to participate in the competition.
Both Mu Qingliu and Yue Qi had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm.
However, there was a big gap between the Divine Reflection Realm and the peak of the Xiantian Realm. After the breakthrough, one would master the method of burning Vital Essence, and one's combat strength would greatly increase.
Therefore, this battle naturally attracted the attention of many people.
Mu Qingliu represented the Tianyi Peak, which was ranked first and had been in the limelight in recent years. Yue Qi represented the Jadeite Peak. The Jadeite Peak was an old and strong peak. It had dominated the 33 peaks for a long time, but in recent years, its strength had declined and was gradually replaced by the Tianyi Peak, Hei Peak, and Huanling Peak.
However, this did not mean that the Jadeite Peak could be underestimated.
After all, it was an old and strong peak. The Jadeite Peak, which had dominated the first place for a long time, had received too many resources and benefits from the Blue Cloud Sect. There were six cultivation secret realms on their peak, which was also the peak with the most cultivation secret realms. Although these cultivation secret realms were not as good as the cultivation secret realms in the Blue Cloud Sect that collected points, they were open to disciples for free. Many disciples of the Jadeite Peak naturally received great benefits. They cultivated day and night, and there were always some geniuses on their peak.
Yue Qi was the person ranked second on the Jadeite Peak.
Although he was ranked second, after several years of cultivation, no one knew how much Yue Qi's strength had improved. After all, Divine Reflection Realm disciples rarely fought in the arena, and the top 100 rankings rarely changed. Often, the rankings had to be rearranged in the triennial Peak Competition.
Mu Qingliu had just broken through the peak of the Xiantian Realm a year ago and was promoted to the Divine Reflection Realm. When he was at the peak of the Xiantian Realm, Mu Qingliu's ranking was very high, and now his strength was even more unfathomable.
This time, the Divine Reflection Realm disciples and the Divine Reflection Realm disciples were tit for tat. One could imagine the attention everyone paid to the two of them.
The two of them did not hold back as soon as they entered the arena.
In fact, whether it was Mu Qingliu or Yue Qi, the two of them had not tasted defeat in their previous battles. Even if they lost this battle, it would not have much impact. It would be a real joke if a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse could not stand out in the group stage.
But both of them were proud sons of heaven. How could they lose to others? To be able to cultivate to such a realm, they relied on a firm will and super talent. Talent was not a big deal, but the heart of martial arts was the most important. Only with an obsession that could not lose to others, could one go further in martial arts.
If it was only for opportunistic reasons, deliberately preserving strength and giving in … This kind of small trick may be able to win a temporary benefit for oneself, but it was destined to not go far on the road of martial arts.
The two Divine Reflection Realm disciples fought with great momentum. The aftermath of the burning and explosion of Zhen Yuan shocked many disciples.
Mu Qingliu cultivated wind attribute Zhen Yuan, which was ever-changing. Yue Qi, on the other hand, cultivated earth attribute Zhen Yuan, which was steady and steady. Their exchange was sometimes fast and sometimes slow, which dazzled the audience and made them gasp in amazement.
In the end, the result of the battle was that Yue Qi defeated Mu Qingliu with a risky move …
Originally, everyone was still praising that Jadeite Peak indeed had a deep foundation. With Yue Qi's strength, he could only be ranked second on Jadeite Peak. Perhaps Jadeite Peak was accumulating strength this time and wanted to return to the top of the 33 peaks!
Unexpectedly, after five or six rounds, Yue Qi was assigned to fight with Tianyi Peak again, and his opponent was Hua Tianming!
Hua Tianming of Xiantian Full Circle was going against Yue Qi of Divine Reflection Realm.
Originally, the battle between Xiantian Full Circle and Divine Reflection Realm was simply a battle without any suspense. But because of Hua Tianming, this battle became mysterious.
It was nothing more than Hua Tianming's combat strength was too strong. They had long heard that Hua Tianming could challenge Divine Reflection Realm cultivators, but no one had seen it before. Today, they could see it.
"You still won't draw your sword?" After entering the arena, Yue Qi saw that Hua Tianming still had his hands behind his back and had no intention of drawing his sword, so he asked coldly.
He didn't even draw his sword against a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, and he himself was only at Xiantian Full Circle. This was no longer confidence, but arrogance. It was even an insult to Yue Qi.
Insulting a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator wasn't a good thing.
Unexpectedly, Hua Tianming shook his head. "You're not worthy of me drawing my sword."
"Wow …"
All the Blue Cloud Sect disciples began to discuss at this moment. There was no helping it. Hua Tianming's words were too arrogant.
Tianyi Peak's side was still fine. Several Divine Reflection Realm cultivators had smiles on their faces.
"Hehe, Junior Martial Brother Hua is indeed qualified to say this!"
"Yes, with Yue Qi's strength, Junior Martial Brother Hua indeed doesn't need to draw his sword."
"Let's see how long he can last. With Junior Martial Brother Hua's strength, it's no problem for him to enter the top 80 without a weapon. I reckon he'll have to draw his sword if he encounters a disciple in the top 60."
If others heard the Divine Reflection Realm disciples' evaluation of Hua Tianming, their jaws would probably drop in shock.
Entering the top 80 with the strength of a Xiantian Full Circle cultivator without a weapon? This was too perverted.
Of course, Hua Tianming's Tianyi Peak disciples thought so, but the disciples of the other peaks didn't think so, especially the Jadeite Peak disciples.
Although the Jadeite Peak was currently ranked sixth, they still considered themselves as a veteran peak in their bones. They always looked at the newcomers with the eyes of a big brother, especially the peaks ranked above them!
"Damn, this Hua Tianming is too arrogant. He needs to be taught a good lesson!"
"I suggest Brother Yue Qi not to hold back just because he didn't draw his sword. Go up and give him the most ruthless killing blow. Teach this Hua Tianming a lesson to the point that even his mother won't recognize him. Let him understand the immensity of heaven and earth, and what it means to be humble!"
"This Hua Tianming is indeed a rare genius that appears once in 500 years, but will a genius definitely succeed? I don't think so! If he's arrogant and gets suppressed by Yue Qi, it might form an inner demon and break his martial dao heart! He won't be able to make any progress in his cultivation in the future! "
The Jadeite Peak disciples shouted and cursed. They didn't even lower their voices, so their unbearable words could be heard.
Even the various Perfected Masters, Elders, and even Shi Jingtian heard them, but they didn't stop them. The Blue Cloud Sect nurtured martial artists, not scholars. Only by making the scene more lively could they unearth the strongest combat strength and potential of these martial artists!
The Jadeite Peak disciples were indignant, but the other peaks were much better. Most of them only felt that Hua Tianming was a little arrogant. As for the result of the battle … they were happy to see Hua Tianming be defeated by Yue Qi and lose his drive to reach the peak of martial dao …
Luo Zheng stood behind Mentor Wen and watched the battle without any expression. His gaze was focused on Hua Tianming. This Hua Tianming was definitely not a simple person.
He had a premonition that he would be fighting with Hua Tianming soon.