Yue Qi stood there with a feeling of being as steady as Mount Tai.
To be able to stand out from the many talented disciples of Emerald Peak and step by step to become the second in the inner sect, Yue Qi sweated too much.
Yue Qi was not a particularly talented disciple and was far from those disciples with strong comprehension. However, he was able to suppress those geniuses and achieve greater achievements than them. This was the result of Yue Qi's hard work.
One step at a time, he fought steadily and steadily. He was not easily angered and did not belittle himself.
With the best mentality and enough hard work, it was enough for him to surpass those "geniuses" by a hundred times.
Yue Qi untied a long spear from his back and held it in his hand. He said in an incomparably cold voice, "Whether I'm worthy of drawing my sword or not, we'll only know after we fight. Let me say in advance that I won't be merciful to you just because you don't draw your sword."
Hua Tianming nodded. "In the arena, you naturally have to give your all. I didn't draw my sword because there are many people stronger than you. My sword will be left for them!"
From beginning to end, Hua Tianming did not draw his sword. The reason was not that he looked down on his opponent. On the contrary, Hua Tianming attached great importance to every one of his opponents.
The Peak Grand Competition was not only a competition of strength, but also endurance and scheming.
Although Hua Tianming's strength was strong, he was still at the Connate Full Circle. If he wanted to reach the top in the Peak Grand Competition, how strong would his opponents be?
In the previous Peak Grand Competitions, there were always genius disciples who came out. Luo Yan from the previous Peak Grand Competition, Xu Xiuyuan from the previous Peak Grand Competition, and Lou Chong from the previous Peak Grand Competition. However, how many people could really reach the top in one step?
Other than the disciples of the 33 Peaks, there were even stronger opponents in front of him, and that was the personal disciples! Personal disciples were often more powerful with the guidance of famous teachers. Looking at the previous Peak Grand Competitions, other than a few genius dark horses that appeared out of nowhere, the personal disciples were usually able to occupy the top 20!
Yue Qi nodded lightly and took a step towards Hua Tianming. With one foot on the ground, an invisible wave spread out with his foot as the center. Then, with a shake of the long spear, the tip of the spear was like a dragon hiding in the mountains, suddenly rushing out of its cave.
Along with the long spear, Yue Qi's astonishing aura shot out.
That aura was as steady as a mountain. Yue Qi's figure instantly grew taller, as if he had transformed into the five peaks of Mount Tai. The spear in his hand was the dragon that occupied the mountain.
"Cloud Dragon Scout!"
"Roar!"
Strands of True Essence coiled around Yue Qi's spear shaft, and if one looked carefully, they would be able to see that the True Essence had transformed into a blurry dragon shadow, constantly revolving around the spear shaft.
Just the first move was already so powerful!
Just as Yue Qi had said, he would not hold back just because Hua Tianming was a Connate Perfected Great Perfection expert. On the contrary, he would go all out once he attacked.
"Cloud Dragon Testing the Sky. This move is very powerful. I wonder how Hua Tianming will handle it!"
Yue Qi's' Rain-Dragon Spear Art 'attack is divided into two parts. The first part is the spear, and the second part is the eruption of true essence. The first part is the spear, and the second part is the eruption of true essence. The first part is already so astonishing. If the true essence erupts, the power is simply unimaginable. Hua Tianming wants to receive this spear with his bare hands? Heh, he's overestimating himself!
Looking at Yue Qi's astonishing spear, Hua Tianming's face also revealed a dignified expression. His feet moved, and he dodged to the side at an extremely fast speed.
"Dodge? Do you think my Cloud Dragon Testing the Sky is so easy to dodge? " Yue Qi held the nine feet nine inches long spear in one hand. This spear, which weighed a hundred pounds, seemed to have become a part of Yue Qi's body. It was abnormally agile. No matter how Hua Tianming dodged, the tip of the spear remained the same, pointing straight at Hua Tianming. The distance between the two was getting closer and closer.
In other words, Hua Tianming could not dodge this spear.
At this moment, Hua Tianming suddenly used a strange footwork.
Footwork was generally divided into several categories. Some focused on nimble turns, such as the 'Hundred Steps of Disorientation'. Others used dazzling phantoms to confuse the opponent, such as the 'Treading Water Crossing'. No matter what kind of footwork was used, it was impossible to dodge Yue Qi's spear.
Yue Qi's spear technique walked the path of calmness and steadiness. It specialized in breaking the unconventional and opportunistic moves of the sword.
However, Hua Tianming's footwork was very strange. Every time he took a step, there would be a faint shadow of a sword under his feet pointing in a direction. He would constantly change directions according to this shadow of a sword. His body was neither fast nor slow, but it just happened to avoid Yue Qi's spear.
"Sword Steps! That's Sword Steps! Hua Tianming has comprehended the Sword Steps! "Someone suddenly yelled from below the stage.
"It really is Sword Steps! This Hua Tianming is too monstrous. He hasn't drawn his sword until now. I don't know how strong he is, but just Sword Steps alone are better than 99% of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples! "someone exclaimed.
Sword Steps were a special kind of footwork. The distance of every step was exactly the same as the length of the sword.
Because every step was limited by the distance, the flexibility of the Sword Steps would naturally be greatly reduced. But the Sword Steps were comprehended from the Sword Intent. If one reached the Small Success Stage of the Sword Intent, combined with the area covered by the Sword Intent, the Sword Steps would be far faster than an ordinary movement technique!
Moreover, Sword Steps were a footwork used to attack! Every step he took would shatter the air currents and form cyclones that contained sword intent. With a casual kick, he could shoot out those cyclones high up in the air.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
Hua Tianming's Sword Steps had already reached Initial Success. Although his footsteps were light, the Sword Intent beneath his feet cut through the air, creating vibrations that produced crisp sounds.
Relying on Sword Steps, Hua Tianming easily dodged Yue Qi's spear.
When Luo Zheng saw Hua Tianming's Sword Steps, his heart was slightly moved.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng constantly entered the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform to hone his Sword Intent. His comprehension of Sword Intent was also maturing day by day. Even though Luo Zheng felt that Hua Tianming's Sword Intent was extraordinary, Luo Zheng also believed that his own Sword Intent would not lose to Hua Tianming's.
However, he never thought that Sword Intent could be used in footwork.
Countless swordsmen in the world dreamed of comprehending their own Sword Steps. However, judging from the movements and footwork of Sword Steps, it was not difficult to practice.
The greatest difficulty of Sword Steps was precisely the fusion of footwork and Sword Intent. From a certain point of view, Sword Steps were actually the elementary form of One with the Sword.
Hua Tianming dodged Yue Qi's spear. Suddenly, he drew a line on the ground and hung upside down in the air. With a pull of his feet, a dignified Sword Intent flew toward Yue Qi.
In the face of Hua Tianming's Sword Steps, Yue Qi did not dare to be negligent. The spear in his hand spun rapidly like a windmill. The Sword Intent hit his rapidly spinning spear shaft and made a series of noises.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
Just the Sword Intent drawn from Sword Steps had such power. Even though Yue Qi was like a mountain, waving his spear to block all the attacks, he could not help but retreat.
The battle on the platform continued. The more the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect watched, the more shocked they were. Even the personal disciples were concentrating on watching the battle on the arena. As for the other battles at the same time, no one paid attention to them.
Hua Tianming's performance was too amazing. This made the personal disciples, who had always been arrogant, pay attention to him.
After all, Hua Tianming was famous. Even Yue Qi could not make him draw his sword. Instead, he was suppressed by Hua Tianming's Sword Steps. This was enough to show that Hua Tianming's hidden strength was very terrifying.
The personal disciples were not fools. Their arrogance was not inherent. They did not pay attention to their opponents because most of them were not worthy of their attention. However, in the face of someone who could threaten them, if they did not pay attention to him, then they would be real fools.
Everyone's eyes were focused on the arena. Luo Zheng slowly stepped out from behind the crowd and paced back and forth.
If someone saw his footwork, they would be surprised to find that his footwork was exactly the same as Hua Tianming's on the platform!
However, Luo Zheng did not imbue Sword Intent into it. The Sword Steps without Sword Intent looked very awkward. It was as if this set of footwork lacked a soul.
"One Step, Two Steps, Three Steps …"
It was reasonable to say that even if Luo Zheng's memory was very strong, it was impossible for him to completely remember every movement of Hua Tianming's Sword Steps after seeing them once. After all, the swordsmanship was very changeable. It was almost ever-changing.
However, the Sword Steps were comprehended through Sword Intent. Luo Zheng relied on his comprehension of Sword Intent. He only needed to remember a rough embryonic form and naturally deduced it from Hua Tianming's Sword Steps.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng would pause for a while after every step. He was using Sword Intent to deduce how to take the next step.
After Luo Zheng gradually deduced the footwork and key points of the entire set of Sword Steps, his speed became faster and faster. At the beginning, he took one step in a breath. Then, he took two steps in a breath. As his comprehension deepened and he became more familiar with the Sword Steps, his speed became faster and faster!
Soon, Luo Zheng was able to walk as if he was flying. He had basically mastered the Sword Steps.
"If I use it alone, it's okay. However, it's still far from enough to fight against an enemy because I have to use different footwork according to the enemy's attack. It seems that this Sword Steps can only be continuously honed in battle." Luo Zheng shook his head. Even if it was a supreme magical power, it couldn't be built behind closed doors. All martial arts skills needed to be tested in actual combat. Otherwise, it would only be an armchair strategist.
Everyone was paying attention to the battle between Hua Tianming and Yue Qi in the arena.
However, Zuo Yun did not pay attention to the arena. He was concentrating on healing his injuries at the moment.
The Scarlet Cloud Pill's medicinal efficacy came in waves. Every half an hour, it would release a quarter of its medicinal efficacy. When the medicinal efficacy was released, he had to use his true essence to completely absorb the medicinal efficacy of the Scarlet Cloud Pill. At this moment, his injuries had been completely stabilized. As long as he didn't fight, no one would be able to tell that he had suffered any injuries.
After absorbing this wave of medicinal efficacy, Zuo Yun opened his eyes. Seeing Hua Tianming's strange and sharp Sword Steps in the arena, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart. They were both in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, but Hua Tianming's strength far exceeded his. Just by relying on Sword Steps, without even drawing his sword, Hua Tianming was able to suppress the Divine Reflection Stage Yue Qi. This was the difference in talent!
At this moment, he suddenly discovered that Luo Zheng had disappeared. He turned his head and saw that Luo Zheng was pacing back and forth behind the crowd.
"What is Luo Zheng doing? Why is he pacing back and forth? " Zuo Yun looked over, puzzled. Suddenly, his expression changed. "Hey, his footwork is very familiar. It seems to be Hua Tianming's Sword Steps!"
How is this possible? Why does he know Sword Steps … Zuo Yun's face was full of astonishment.
What made Zuo Yun even more inconceivable was that Luo Zheng seemed to have just started practicing Sword Steps.
＝＝＝＝＝