The sword steps had many variations and were very complicated. It was almost impossible to learn them in a short period of time. Even if Hua Tianming specifically demonstrated them in front of him several times, Zuo Yun reckoned that he wouldn't be able to remember them.
However, Zuo Yun watched as Luo Zheng became more and more proficient and his speed became faster and faster. It was as if he had been born with the sword steps.
Zuo Yun turned back to look at the arena. Luo Zheng's footwork was almost identical to Hua Tianming's sword steps.
Was this guy a monster?
Zuo Yun was shocked today. The opponents that Luo Zheng had defeated before did not exceed Zuo Yun's estimation of Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was able to obtain more than 50,000 points in the inner sect assessment. His actual combat ability could be imagined and was definitely stronger than Zuo Yun's.
However, watching Luo Zheng learn the sword steps that Hua Tianming was so proud of from scratch was too monstrous. It could be said that it was too much of a blow to them.
At this moment, a loud roar came from the arena. Zuo Yun turned his head to look.
At this moment, the battle between Hua Tianming and Yue Qi had reached a white-hot stage.
From the beginning to the end, Hua Tianming had relied only on the sword steps to suppress Yue Qi.
Yue Qi, who had been suppressed all the way, finally couldn't hold back anymore. His personality was as calm as a mountain, and he would not erupt easily. However, once he did, he would become a volcano. His opponent would have to face the flames of the volcano's eruption!
"Cloud Dragon Vanishing Shadow Strike!"
Boom!
The faint dragon bodies entrenched on Yue Qi's spear shaft came to life at the same time. They circled around the spear shaft and drilled into the tip of Yue Qi's spear. All of his True Essence was highly compressed into the tip of the spear, which was less than a foot long. The tip of the spear, which was originally glowing with a silver light, now reflected a dazzling light under the sunlight.
Then, Yue Qi gathered all of his Quintessential Origin Spear and thrust it at Hua Tianming.
At this moment, Hua Tianming was also using his sword steps to the extreme. His entire body was moving around the arena at an extremely high speed. If a disciple with a low cultivation base had appeared at this moment, they would have felt that there were more than ten Hua Tianming on the arena at the same time. However, those were merely afterimages left behind by his extremely fast movement speed.
And because his legs were moving so fast, it didn't seem like he was walking, but rather, he was constantly skating on the arena. It was as if the arena was a huge skating rink.
Under such high speed, Yue Qi was also dazzled. He secretly complained in his heart. He … was completely unable to lock onto Hua Tianming.
This Cloud Dragon Absolute Shadow Kill was his most powerful move, but no matter how powerful it was, it was useless if it couldn't hit the target …
This spear pierced nothing in the end.
At the same time, Hua Tianming was like a ghost. He quickly circled behind Yue Qi and pressed two of his fingers on Yue Qi's back.
If a swordsman comprehended sword intent, then even flowers, plants, and trees could be used as swords. Although Hua Tianming only pressed two fingers on Yue Qi's back, it was like a sharp sword pressing against him. In this situation, Yue Qi only had two choices: fight with his life on the line or admit defeat.
The Peak Wide Competition wasn't a life-and-death battle. Although it was a pity to lose, as long as there was life, there was hope. In the end, Yue Qi could only reluctantly admit defeat. Yue Qi also knew that with Hua Tianming's monstrous talent, it was probably impossible for him to surpass him …
After this round of competition, Luo Zheng also stopped practicing his sword steps. He had already comprehended the footwork of the sword steps and was prepared to use it in actual combat next time.
The battles on the arena continued to rotate. After a while, it was Luo Zheng's turn again.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus Heavenly Fury Peak's Zhuge Xi!"
Heavenly Fury Peak's Zhuge Xi? A member of the Family Zhuge Clan? Luo Zheng was slightly stunned, and then his expression returned to normal. He had a grudge with the Family Zhuge Clan for a long time. He didn't expect to encounter Zhuge Xi in the arena.
"What, Divine Reflection Stage! This … is bad luck, Luo Zheng. It doesn't matter if you lose a battle in the group stage. If you can't beat him, just admit defeat … "This wasn't the first time Mentor Wen had said this to Luo Zheng. Although he didn't want to say such words that would boost the prestige of others and destroy his own morale, Luo Zheng was indeed unlucky. He was actually assigned to the Divine Reflection Stage …
As long as one was a disciple of the Divine Reflection Stage, he could basically be ranked in the top 100. Moreover, Zhuge Xi's ranking wasn't low. He should be around the 83rd place!
From the beginning of the All-Peak Tournament until now, there hadn't been an upset in any of the Divine Reflection Stage battles. After all, the gap between the strength of a Divine Reflection Stage warrior and a Xiantian Full Circle expert was too big. Except for Hua Tianming who defeated Yue Qi, the other battles were basically won by the Divine Reflection Stage disciples. Moreover, Hua Tianming's battle wasn't considered an upset because Hua Tianming's talent was obvious to all.
Because Luo Zheng had beaten Hei Ming, a disciple of the Black Rock Peak, half to death, Mentor Yu of the Black Rock Peak hated Luo Zheng to the core. When he heard that Luo Zheng was assigned to the Divine Reflection Stage Zhuge Xi, he let out a long sigh of relief. "Very good, let's see how this little mouse of Xiantian second stage can withstand the pressure of a Divine Reflection Stage warrior! Humph! "
A little mouse of Xiantian second stage …
Until now, Luo Zheng had maintained a winning streak. In the eyes of many people, there was indeed a certain element of luck involved.
After all, the cultivation of Xiantian second stage was really too "conspicuous". Along the way, they all thought that Luo Zheng was just an opportunistic mouse. Once he encountered a real powerhouse, such as a Divine Reflection Stage disciple, he would be crushed and killed in seconds!
"Zhuge Xi is in the Divine Reflection Stage. That's good, I can use him to practice sword steps." Luo Zheng wasn't as worried as Mentor Yu. Instead, he faintly thought in his heart. When he was in the half-step Xiantian realm, he was able to take advantage of a Divine Reflection Stage opponent. Now that he had broken through to the Xiantian second stage, the pressure shouldn't be too great.
Although the sword steps were ingenious, strange, and changeable, and Luo Zheng had basically mastered them, he still needed to experiment in actual combat.
In the arena, Zhuge Xi stood upright. This Zhuge Xi had a handsome appearance, but his appearance revealed a touch of feminine aura. He held a fan in his hand, and on the fan was a drawing of eight trigrams. What made people click their tongues in amazement was that the eight trigrams weren't engraved with a pattern. Instead, it was like a living thing, slowly rotating.
"Luo Zheng, this isn't the first time I've heard this name." Zhuge Xi shook his head and said, "It seems that several people in my Family Zhuge hate you to the bone. If you weren't a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect and were protected by the Blue Cloud Sect, you would have already died hundreds of times. Well, since you are unlucky to have met me today, then let me cripple you. Listen well …"
Luo Zheng impatiently interrupted Zhuge Xi's words, "I really admire the people in your Family Zhuge. From the beginning, Zhuge Feng, to Zhuge Ye, to Zhuge Qingyun, each one is more nonsense than the other! If you want to fight, then let's fight! If you don't want to fight, then quickly admit defeat and get lost! "
As soon as Luo Zheng's words came out, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were all stunned.
They thought that Hua Tianming was crazy enough to not even draw his sword when facing the Divine Reflection Realm Yue Qi. But now, compared to Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming was simply a small child in the presence of a great sorcerer.
Hua Tianming was arrogant, but that was because he had the qualifications to be arrogant. Hua Tianming indeed didn't need to draw his sword to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm disciple.
But what qualifications did Luo Zheng have?
It was true that a Xiantian second stage brat relied on his innate divine strength and speed to maintain a complete victory until now. It was indeed amazing.
But even more people thought that Luo Zheng was just lucky and hadn't met a true powerhouse.
No matter how bad Zhuge Xi was, he was still a disciple ranked in the top 100 of the Green Cloud Proclamation. He was also a genuine Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse. Was this Luo Zheng's brain fried? Did he want to die faster?
"Okay, I won't talk nonsense. If you don't give up until you see the coffin, I'll let you understand the difference between a Divine Reflection Realm and a Xiantian life form!" Zhuge Xi was already furious. He had received a secret report from his family. If he encountered Luo Zheng in the All-Peak Tournament, he was to try his best to kill him, and his family would bear all the responsibility for him!
In fact, it wasn't just the Family Zhuge that wanted to take Luo Zheng's life in the All-Peak Tournament. There was also another disciple arranged by Zhenren Tianqiong. It was just that that disciple was in the dark and hadn't shown himself. The conflict between Zhenren Tianqiong and Luo Zheng was mixed in with Su Lingyun, so Zhenren Tianqiong still had a trace of taboo. Even if he killed Luo Zheng, it wouldn't be a "mistake".
However, the conflict between the Family Zhuge and Luo Zheng was almost public, so Zhuge Xi didn't have any taboo at all!
Without any scruples, Zhuge Xi attacked mercilessly. He waved the feather fan in his hand, and a demonic wind condensed from vital essence swept toward Luo Zheng. There was a faint wind and thunder in that demonic wind, and its power was astonishing …
In the face of Zhuge Xi's attack, Luo Zheng only took a slow step forward. That step was the "sword steps" that Hua Tianming had just used.
After defeating Yue Qi, Hua Tianming returned to where the disciples of Tianyi Peak were. He was originally resting with his eyes closed, and he wasn't very interested in the battle in the arena.
However, when he heard Luo Zheng's arrogant words, he opened his eyes in surprise. The corners of his mouth curled into a smile. He shook his head and then closed his eyes again. The world was big and there were all kinds of strange things. Everyone knew how to talk big and arrogant. However, there weren't many people who could do what they said and put their words into practice.
Just as he closed his eyes, he heard the surrounding people exclaim, "Eh, this kid also knows the sword steps?"
"It's the sword steps. Luo Zheng actually knows the sword steps!"
Everyone saw Luo Zheng use the exact same sword steps as Hua Tianming. He dashed left and right, dodging the demonic wind that Zhuge Xi brandished.
Some sharp-eyed disciples saw it at a glance, and they constantly evaluated Luo Zheng's performance. "That is indeed the sword steps. It's exactly the same as Hua Tianming's sword steps. However, it's just the form. Hua Tianming's sword steps contain sword intent. How can there be sword intent in this kid's sword steps? How laughable, how laughable! "
"Haha, Hua Tianming uses the sword steps. This kid also uses the sword steps. However, he can only copy the form and not the sword intent. What's the use?!"
These discussions continuously entered Hua Tianming's ears. Hua Tianming stared closely at Luo Zheng and watched Luo Zheng move back and forth in the arena. His sword-like eyebrows were raised high, but his heart was greatly shaken!