Sword intent was originally a kind of comprehension that could only be sensed, but not explained in words. It was a kind of illusory concept.
It was precisely because of this that if one wanted to comprehend sword intent, not only did they have to practice the sword for dozens of years, but they also had to have great talent and great opportunities.
Therefore, there were many people who used the sword, but very few people who comprehended sword intent. However, almost all those who could comprehend sword intent could be said to be favored by the heavens.
Hua Tianming could see that Luo Zheng's sword steps indeed didn't contain sword intent. Moreover, what he couldn't understand was that Luo Zheng's sword steps seemed to be somewhat childish, or perhaps he wasn't very proficient in using them. It seemed as if he had just started cultivating not long ago …
However, Hua Tianming understood that the saying that Luo Zheng was imitating his sword steps was untenable.
Because sword steps were sword steps, one had to comprehend sword intent to be able to use them. There was no such thing as merely having a form. If one couldn't comprehend sword steps, they wouldn't be able to find traces of conforming to sword intent. They simply couldn't find the direction of sword intent and use it. Therefore, sword steps couldn't be deliberately "imitated".
Moreover, although Luo Zheng's movements were somewhat unpracticed, every step he took was completely in line with Hua Tianming's sword steps …
How was this possible?
Therefore, Hua Tianming couldn't figure it out no matter how much he thought about it.
Unless … Luo Zheng himself had comprehended sword intent, but he had completely restrained his sword intent.
Comprehending sword intent with the strength of Xiantian second stage?
Hua Tianming shook his head. He was really unwilling to accept this answer.
Hua Tianming was a genius. His strength wasn't necessarily the strongest on Tianyi Peak, but he received the most attention. Every genius had an unyielding heart, and so did Hua Tianming.
This kind of unyielding heart wasn't a bad thing for Hua Tianming. As long as he maintained this unyielding heart, he would have endless motivation to stride towards the peak of the martial dao.
However, Luo Zheng had really comprehended sword intent, and had even cultivated sword steps. This was too much of a blow.
Looking at Luo Zheng's unskillful sword steps and his sometimes awkward posture, this guy … could it be that he had just learned sword steps? He hadn't seen him use it before. Could it be that he comprehended it after seeing my sword steps?
Hua Tianming almost didn't dare to speculate. If his guess was true, it would be too much of a blow to his confidence!
In fact, Hua Tianming wasn't the only one who saw through this.
Shi Jingtian also stared at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze.
At Shi Jingtian's level, his understanding of various intent realms was far beyond the Azure Cloud Sect's Enlightened Masters and Elders.
Although Shi Jingtian was not a swordsman and had not comprehended sword essence, he could still see the peculiarity of Luo Zheng's body.
This brat's sword steps seemed to have been learned on the spot …
Moreover, every time he took a step, his grasp of the sword steps would improve. This kind of talent was too monstrous. A little guy at Xiantian second stage. This Peak Competition was getting more and more interesting.
While Shi Jingtian was thinking this, he saw Elder Xu beside him constantly twirling his goatee. He seemed to have noticed something as well, so Shi Jingtian asked, "Elder Xu, did you also notice something wrong?"
"Hehe, Sect Master, do you want to ask if Luo Zheng has just learned sword steps?" Elder Xu laughed.
Shi Jingtian nodded, "Although I'm not very sure, Luo Zheng's sword steps are very inexperienced. Although he is rapidly improving, I can still see it if I observe carefully."
"Just now, Sect Master didn't see it, but I saw it. When Hua Tianming and Yue Qi were fighting, Luo Zheng was imitating Hua Tianming's sword steps outside the arena. I didn't expect this kid's perception to be so amazing. In a short time, he completely copied Hua Tianming's sword steps. This talent … Tsk tsk, I saw him practicing outside the arena for only two hours. In my opinion, Luo Zheng has already comprehended sword intent, and his understanding of sword intent is not low!" Elder Xu slowly said with a smile.
Although Elder Xu's cultivation was far inferior to Sect Master Shi Jingtian's, he was a swordsman. Naturally, his comprehension of sword intent was better than Shi Jingtian's. Therefore, he could see the strangeness at a glance and came up with a reasonable explanation.
"How far do you think this kid can go in the All-Peak Competition?" Shi Jingtian suddenly asked after hearing Elder Xu's explanation.
"This … Being able to comprehend sword intent is indeed a great help to his strength. Now that he has also comprehended sword steps, this kid's talent is really amazing. However …" Elder Xu shook his head, "He is only at Xiantian Realm Stage Two. His cultivation is too low. It will be very difficult for him to defeat Zhuge Xi. It will be difficult for him to go further in the All-Peak Competition."
"Oh? Elder Xu thinks this way? But I seem to have a different opinion from Elder Xu. I think this kid can at least enter the top 30 … "Shi Jingtian laughed.
Hearing Shi Jingtian's evaluation, Elder Xu was shocked.
Entering the top 30 of the All-Peak Competition was equivalent to entering the top 30 of the Ranking List of Green Cloud.
The higher the ranking on the Ranking List of Green Cloud, the harder it was to advance!
Entering the top 100 was a hurdle. Entering the top 50 was another hurdle. Entering the top 30 was another big hurdle. It was several times more difficult than entering the top 100.
According to Sect Master Shi's words, this Luo Zheng even had the strength to compete with the pro-disciples?
Impossible …
It was already good enough that Luo Zheng could defeat Zhuge Xi. How could a Xiantian Realm Stage Two defeat a Divine Reflection Realm warrior? The Blue Cloud Sect had never had such a history.
Which of the pro-disciples wasn't a genius among geniuses?
With Elder Xu's understanding of Sect Master Shi, he was definitely not a person who would lie. However, with such a big gap in front of him, Elder Xu started to doubt his judgment. Could it be that the Sect Master saw something that he didn't?
However, since the Sect Master had said so, Elder Xu naturally wouldn't refute. He would just observe step by step.
Luo Zheng tried to restrain his sword intent as much as possible. He simply used his sword steps and constantly moved around Zhuge Xi.
Zhuge Xi waved the feather fan in her hand, and gusts of evil wind violently swept towards Luo Zheng. However, every gusts of evil wind was always a hair's breadth away from Luo Zheng!
Seeing this scene, many of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples who were originally mocking Luo Zheng gradually shut their mouths.
So what if he imitated others?
So what if he imitated Hua Tianming's sword steps?
In the end, this sword step wasn't invented by Hua Tianming. Moreover, to be able to comprehend the rules of the sword step without sword intent was in itself a manifestation of strength.
Although the sword step didn't have the support of sword intent and was only a half-baked step technique, Luo Zheng relied on it to shuttle through Zhuge Xi's gusts of evil wind. How many of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples present could do this?
"What else can you do besides running? Blindly dodging will only result in an even more miserable defeat. Do you understand? The best movement technique isn't used to escape, but to attack. You don't deserve to be a martial artist, "Zhuge Xi shouted while waving her feather fan wildly. There were already more than a dozen evil wind tornadoes moving irregularly in the entire arena. However, Luo Zheng used his sword steps to shuttle through them. Those evil wind tornadoes couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
In the face of Zhuge Xi's provocation, Luo Zheng didn't get angry at all. He maintained a faint smile on his face from beginning to end.
The reason Luo Zheng blindly dodged was that he didn't want to attack Zhuge Xi for the time being. Although Luo Zheng had mastered the sword steps, he hadn't experienced actual combat, so he was still somewhat inexperienced. He needed a lot of actual combat to improve, and Zhuge Xi was an excellent candidate.
He had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, and his strength was neither strong nor weak. He just happened to hate Zhuge Xi to the bone, so he wouldn't hold back in his attacks. It was close to a life and death battle. Such an opponent couldn't be found anywhere!
Seeing the faint smile on Luo Zheng's face, Zhuge Xi became even angrier. This brat's strange sword steps were as nimble as a rabbit. The evil wind she used her feather fan to blow out had no effect on Luo Zheng!
"Hmph, you really think I can't do anything to you if you keep running?" Zhuge Xi snorted coldly. She tightly gripped the feather fan in her hand. Suddenly, two streams of true essence appeared in her hand.
Dual-colored true essence!
Zhuge Xi's body emerged with black and white true essence!
There were very few people in this world who had dual-colored true essence. Different colors of true essence represented two different attributes of true essence, and the two types of true essence would clash in the dantian.
Even Luo Zheng, who had cultivated a trace of Heavenly Devil True Qi, had to quickly swallow and absorb all of the Purple Sandalwood True Qi in his dantian. The dantian couldn't contain two different types of true essence at the same time.
Zhuge Xi was able to cultivate black and white true essence. Either he had a special physique, and his dantian could contain different types of true essence, or he had two dantians, and each dantian could contain different types of true essence. Or his Family Zhuge had a secret method that could use special means to create a barrier in his dantian.
After the black and white true essence surged out, it drilled into the eight trigrams pattern on the feather fan in his hand. Then, the eight trigrams pattern on the feather fan in Zhuge Xi's hand began to spin rapidly.
Then, Zhuge Xi raised the feather fan high. Facing Luo Zheng, he revealed a sinister smile and fiercely slapped at Luo Zheng!
"Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut!"
The feather fan in Zhuge Xi's hand was also a high-grade spiritual weapon, called the Yin and Yang Fan.
This Yin and Yang Fan was actually a replica of an ancient fairy weapon, the "True Essence Eight Trigrams Fan". With just a light wave of the True Essence Eight Trigrams Fan, it could create a terrifying giant tornado, enough to destroy heaven and earth. It was very terrifying. Although the Yin and Yang Fan was far inferior to the "True Essence Eight Trigrams Fan" as a replica, it still inherited one-tenth of its power.
With the support of Zhuge Xi's two-colored true essence, the wind in the whole fighting arena suddenly became stronger!
A huge tornado appeared in the fighting arena, covering the whole fighting arena. Around the tornado, green wind blades ruthlessly cut the light barrier of the fighting arena, making a series of crackling sounds.
"Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut has no blind spots. As long as you are in the fighting arena, you will be attacked. Let's see how you dodge!" As Zhuge Xi spoke, he continued to wave the Yin and Yang Fan in his hand. Under his wave, the huge tornado became faster and faster!
Indeed, Luo Zheng had no place to dodge. After all, the whirlwind had almost taken up the entire arena.
If he wanted to dodge, he could only hide outside the fighting arena.
"Slash …"
With a little carelessness, several wind blades swept past Luo Zheng's back. Those sharp wind blades immediately cut open the disciple robe on Luo Zheng's back.
"Run? Let's see how you can run now!" Zhuge Xi waved the feather fan even faster, and the power of the tornado gradually became stronger.