The Soaring Phoenix crystal in Luo Zheng's right arm was a very special kind of crystal. It was said that in ancient times, Soaring Phoenix crystal was a feather of a Phoenix that flew across the sky.
After the feather fell, it was wrapped in pine tree resin. After thousands of years of evolution, the feather contained a trace of space law, which spread into the resin and took the form of a crystal.
This was just a legend. In fact, no one knew how Soaring Phoenix crystal was formed.
However, the refiners of the Eastern region had discovered the characteristics of Soaring Phoenix crystal. When Soaring Phoenix crystal was embedded in a weapon, it could reduce the weight of the weapon.
After embedding Soaring Phoenix crystal, a thousand-kilogram broadsword would only weigh less than two hundred kilograms.
Although Soaring Phoenix crystal was rare, but since ancient times, there were still many Soaring Phoenix crystal embedded in weapons. However, there was not a single Soaring Phoenix crystal embedded in a human body!
After all, there was still a big difference between the human body and a weapon. Only because Luo Zheng practiced a strange refining method and refined his body into a weapon, it was possible to embed Soaring Phoenix crystal in his weapon.
Facing Zhuge Xi's Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut, Luo Zheng gently activated the Soaring Phoenix crystal in his right arm and poured the energy of the Soaring Phoenix crystal into his body.
With the influx of energy of the Soaring Phoenix crystal, Luo Zheng felt the weight of his body rapidly reducing … …
"Whoosh … …"
Luo Zheng moved along with a gust of wind.
He did not use any strength, but after the weight of his body was reduced, this gust of wind naturally lifted him up. Now, he was fluttering in the wind, following the path of the wind, constantly rotating in the arena.
"Ah, Luo Zheng is flying!"
"How is it possible that only Divine realm martial artists can fly? How is it possible that he can fly?"
"No, it seems that he is being blown up by the wind. He is only at Xiantian second stage. It is impossible for him to fly."
"What a joke, blown up by the wind? Do you think his kite is flying? Even if Zhuge Xi's gust of wind can blow people up, it is not like this! "
Xiao Yufeng's disciples shouted. They could not figure out how Luo Zheng was doing it.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was constantly rotating in the arena along with the whirlwind. Because he was flying with the wind, the wind blades produced by the whirlwind were moving at the same speed, so those wind blades could not do anything to Luo Zheng.
Zhuge Xi, who was standing in the middle of the arena, had his mouth wide open at this moment, and his face was full of a ghost's expression.
Flying was not difficult for him. Zhuge Xi's cultivation of wind Zhen Yuan......... that he was extremely sensitive to the flow of the air and wind, but he did not expect Luo Zheng to be able to fly with the wind.........
Hearing the discussions of the other disciples, Zhuge Xi also couldn't figure it out. Could it be that this fellow was really like a kite, able to fly with the help of the wind?
If Luo Zheng continued to follow Zhuge Xi's whirlwind, then he really couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
............ Zhuge Xi frowned slightly and raised the feather fan in his hand again. This time, Zhuge Xi suddenly fanned in the opposite direction.
Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut was to use the Yin and Yang Fan in his hand to release Zhen Yuan and use it to disturb the flow of the air, forming a huge whirlwind. Zhuge Xi himself could control the wind blades in the whirlwind.
It could be said that he could use the wind blades to cut everything within the range of the whirlwind into pieces.
However, Luo Zheng was flying with the wind, so he could avoid those dense wind blades.
Seeing that the Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut had no effect on Luo Zheng, Zhuge Xi could only fan in the opposite direction …
This was equivalent to releasing two Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cuts at the same time. Zhuge Xi had never done this before, so he could not predict what would happen.
"Woo —"
The two powerful whirlwinds collided with each other in opposite directions. The whirlwinds cut each other and produced a series of ear-piercing sounds. After cutting each other, they produced even greater turbulence and collided with each other at different angles. The situation in the entire arena was very chaotic, and it looked very frightening.
Many disciples had fearful expressions on their faces as they sucked in a deep breath of cold air.
Previously, the Divine Reflection Realm disciples did not use their full strength to deal with the Xiantian Full Circle disciples. Even the battle between Hua Tianming and Yue Qi was basically at the point of stopping. It was very exciting, but far from fierce.
But now, Zhuge Xi broke out such a terrifying power. Many disciples were imagining that if they were caught in the whirlwind, they would be shredded into pieces in less than a breath's time …
Even Zhuge Xi herself looked nervous as she stood firmly in the center.
The Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cut contained the word "chaos" because it was difficult for Zhuge Xi to control the whirlwind after summoning it. With him as the center, everything within a radius of hundreds of feet would be shredded by the wind blades.
However, there was a wind eye in this whirlwind, which was the center of the whirlwind. The power of the wind in the center was not so terrifying.
However, when the two whirlwinds collided, the situation was different. The two whirlwinds had the same wind speed and power, but their directions were completely opposite. When the two whirlwinds collided, all the airflow in the arena became chaotic. Even the absolutely safe eye of the whirlwinds was somewhat unreliable at this moment.
Therefore, Zhuge Xi had to feel the changes in the airflow at all times. If the airflow changed, the wind eye would also change. He had to move with the wind eye to ensure his own safety. Otherwise, he would be injured by the wind blades.
Luo Zheng's body was as light as a swallow. He was blown up into the sky and allowed the chaotic airflow to push him, dancing with the wind.
Zhuge Xi's wind blades were fierce, but compared with Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi, they were much weaker.
Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi was condensed with a very terrifying Sword Essence. If he was hit by the Sword Qi, Luo Zheng had no doubt that he would be cut in two. Unless Luo Zheng could upgrade his body to a fairy weapon, he might be able to resist Mo Xiuyan's Sword Qi.
In fact, Zhuge Xi's cultivation method was not suitable for one-on-one combat. On the contrary, if he went to the battlefield to kill the enemy, Zhuge Xi's Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Blades could play a huge role. The Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Blades covered a large area and could pull warriors with low cultivation into shreds.
In fact, the clansmen of the Family Zhuge Clan were not suitable for one-on-one combat. They had inherited many cultivation methods from the Family Zhuge, including some military strategies and a large number of tactical formations. This was also the reason why the Family Zhuge Clan arranged for their clansmen to serve as counselors in the Imperial Army. They were originally suitable for leading troops.
Therefore, even if these wind blades could cut his disciple robe, they could not penetrate his Spiritual Weapon body with their power!
Gusts of strong wind swept Luo Zheng. He was like a small butterfly in the wind and rain, or a small boat in the storm. From time to time, he was covered by huge waves, but in the blink of an eye, he was able to withstand them.
Many people were worried for Luo Zheng.
After all, the Full-Peak Competition was used to assess the strength of the disciples.
Except for the top 50, very few people would fight to the death in the group stage.
It didn't matter if they lost one or two matches in the group stage. As long as they could get out of the group stage, they would achieve their goal. Some disciples would even choose to admit defeat on purpose in order to hide their strength and not expose their trump cards too quickly when they encountered a strong opponent, even if they had some confidence in defeating the opponent.
It was unwise to fight to the death in the group stage.
The reason why this happened was that Luo Zheng would not admit defeat. Now Luo Zheng had thoroughly understood his Martial Arts Heart.
If he wanted to set foot on the peak of Martial Arts, there was no possibility of taking advantage of opportunities. Even if he knew that there were thorns in front of him, Luo Zheng would still clench his teeth and break through them instead of choosing to go around them.
It was also possible to take a step back and go around them, but over time, this state of mind would slowly fade away. After all, the path of a martial artist would not go far. If he really wanted to go far on this path, he could not have the slightest idea of taking advantage of opportunities. Whether it was thorns or hell, he could only grit his teeth and move forward bravely!
The reason why Zhuge Xi did his best was that his Family Zhuge Clan had a grudge against Luo Zheng. If he could kill Luo Zheng in the arena, it would be the best choice.
When the two people's motives met, they began to fight to the death!
As the wind in the arena became stronger and stronger, the aura became more and more chaotic. All kinds of strange-shaped blades were constantly produced in the collision, shooting out aimlessly.
"Puff …"
A wind blade cut toward Luo Zheng from the front, penetrating his robe and hitting his body.
Luo Zheng let out a muffled groan, but he was secretly delighted. The wind blade did not cause any harm to him. It could not even scratch his skin, only leaving a shallow mark. Instead, the impact on his body turned into a warm current that began to cleanse his body.
Since these wind blades could not cause any harm to him, there was no need to dodge. Instead, he could directly hit those wind blades with his body!
Before, Luo Zheng had been trying to curl up his body as much as possible, but now he stretched out his hands and feet, and his whole body was completely stretched out.
"Luo Zheng is lucky. He has only been cut by the wind blade for the first time, but I'm afraid this cut will not be pleasant! I'm afraid that even his intestines will be cut off! "
"Haha, the Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Cutter is so powerful. It's really lucky that he hasn't been shredded into pieces. However, this is just the beginning. If there are a few more wind blades, he will probably be turned into a human stick …"
"Why doesn't he admit defeat? If it were me, I would have admitted defeat long ago. Where there is life, there is hope. Even if he fails in this year's competition, he can still make a comeback in three years. Regardless of his strength, he is really a madman! "
While many disciples were talking, Luo Zheng continued to attack. Suddenly, a large number of wind blades appeared!
Seeing the large number of wind blades, many female disciples screamed. It could be imagined that the next scene would be a bloody one.
The referee presiding over the competition looked very serious at this moment. According to the rules of the arena, as long as Luo Zheng admitted defeat, he would immediately save Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to hit those wind blades, he was waiting for Luo Zheng to shout "admit defeat"!