"Luo Zheng … just admit defeat!"
On the Xiao Yufeng, Teacher Wen and all the other disciples were muttering silently. At this moment, they weren't worried about Luo Zheng's victory or defeat, but Luo Zheng's life!
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was right in front of them, crashing into the Wind Blades.
The densely packed Wind Blades slashed at Luo Zheng from all directions without any blind spots. These Wind Blades didn't have a fixed shape, nor did they have any blind spots. Just like that, all of them slashed into Luo Zheng's body.
"Pu pu pu pu pu …"
An extremely dense muffled sound could be heard.
Luo Zheng's disciple robe was still very new. Luo Zheng hadn't worn it for a long time. When the Wind Blades slashed onto Luo Zheng's body, his robe was instantly cut into countless pieces.
From another angle, Luo Zheng was like a firecracker that exploded in an instant. Those tiny pieces of cloth scattered in all directions …
"This is the end. Luo Zheng should have been cut into pieces …"
A disciple muttered. However, just as he was halfway through his sentence, he couldn't continue. When those pieces of cloth scattered, this disciple saw a completely naked body!
It was an almost perfect body. The smooth skin emitted a bronze metallic luster as if it was made of brass. Every part of the body was well-proportioned and full of strength. More importantly, this body didn't have any scars!
Looking at it carefully, one could see that there were some small white marks on Luo Zheng's body. These white marks proved that the Wind Blades had indeed landed on Luo Zheng's skin. However, there weren't any wounds on his body …
"He, he actually resisted those Wind Blades head-on!" This disciple almost roared. His face was full of disbelief.
There was no need for him to say anything. Everyone had already seen this strange scene.
Even the high and mighty Shi Jingtian, who was originally calm and collected, suddenly stood up. He opened his eyes wide and sized up Luo Zheng's naked body!
Even the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak widened their eyes as they looked at Luo Zheng's naked body in the battle arena. They were so stunned that they couldn't say anything. Only after a moment, when their gazes noticed Luo Zheng's lower body, their faces flushed red. Immediately after, they screamed and turned their heads away. Some even covered their eyes with their hands, but they still couldn't help secretly sizing up Luo Zheng.
On the side of the direct disciples, there was a female disciple who didn't avoid looking at Luo Zheng's almost perfect body. She pursed her lips, and her eyes were full of excitement. She smiled and said, "Senior Brother Pei, it seems that you were boasting before. I'm afraid that even your Golden Bell Shield can't compare to Luo Zheng's body!"
Senior Brother Pei specialized in Buddhist cultivation methods. He paid the most attention to one's temperament. He wouldn't be pleased by external gains, nor would he be saddened by personal gain. His temperament was steady, and even if something big happened, he would still be as calm as water. However, at this moment, he still couldn't hide the shock in his eyes. Hearing Junior Sister Mo's words, he laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "Haha, Junior Sister Mo is right. I still underestimated him. This kid's body is far stronger than I imagined.
I really don't know how he cultivated this body … "After reaching the Xiantian realm, martial artists of the Eastern Domain would focus on Essence Gathering. Their cultivation of the body was basically at a stagnant stage. Very few people would choose to dual cultivate! Therefore, the difference between a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse's body and a Marrow Refining Realm disciple's body wasn't too great. The real difference between them was True Essence.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's display of such a terrifying body was truly shocking!
"It's getting more and more interesting. I still want to drill two holes in his body! I want to see him beg for mercy in front of me! "Junior Sister Mo's beautiful face was full of uncontrollable excitement.
Senior Brother Pei smiled faintly and said, "His body is so strong. I'm afraid Junior Sister Mo won't be able to drill a hole in it."
Junior Sister Mo curled her lips and said, "How can you say I'm different when we haven't even fought? I'm not trash like Zhuge Xi. I can cripple a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator like Zhuge Xi in the blink of an eye!"
Senior Brother Pei shook his head and didn't say anything else. Instead, he paid attention to the battle on the field.
Many disciples participating in the All-Peak Grand Competition were shocked by Luo Zheng's performance.
But the one who was the most shocked was Zhuge Xi. When he saw Luo Zheng collide with the wind blades, he knew that Luo Zheng would die without a doubt!
The Zhuge Clan had already promised that if he could kill Luo Zheng, he would be rewarded with a Splendid Jade Pill. The Splendid Jade Pill was indisputably precious. Even the elders of the Zhuge Clan would find it difficult to obtain one. For a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator like him, it was a great supplement that could greatly improve his cultivation.
However, they could only watch helplessly as Luo Zheng crashed into the blade, watched helplessly as he was cut into pieces by the blade, and then watched helplessly as he flew out unscathed. Only his clothes were cut off, but his body was unscathed.
"This, this …"
Zhuge Xi was speechless. If even this couldn't kill Luo Zheng, what else could he say?
Could it be that he had to use that move? Zhuge Xi clenched his teeth and hesitated. He couldn't make up his mind.
With Luo Zheng's current defense, he couldn't break it at all. Unless Zhuge Xi damaged his own essence and blood to launch one of his forbidden moves!
The power of this forbidden move was too terrifying. Even Zhuge Xi himself couldn't control it well. Moreover, it would damage his own essence and blood, which was a move that hurt himself as well as the enemy.
At this moment, several wind blades suddenly appeared around Zhuge Xi and cut towards him.
"Oh no, the two whirlwinds intertwined with each other and finally disrupted the eye of the wind …" At this time, Zhuge Xi's position was not safe. He could only try his best to avoid the wind blades in the field.
Even Zhuge Xi himself was unable to control the Yin and Yang Chaotic Wind Slash after releasing it. Hence, a good fight had turned into a competition between the two of them to see who could last until the end while dodging the wind blades.
The key problem was that Luo Zheng's physical body was so strong that he was not afraid of being cut by the wind blades. However, Zhuge Xi's physical body was different. Even if a wind blade cut his body, it would be able to cut his entire body in half.
For a time, Zhuge Xi looked very embarrassed to avoid the wind blades. Although Zhuge Xi was in the Divine Reflection Realm and could fly, the wind blades didn't appear in the eye of the wind. There was no pattern to them.
What made Zhuge Xi even more depressed was that he didn't only have to avoid the wind blades, but also Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng was carried by the wind and fluttered around, but he didn't give up the opportunity to attack Zhuge Xi. Just as a gust of wind wrapped Luo Zheng and pushed him towards Zhuge Xi, he suddenly landed and went straight to Zhuge Xi.
With Luo Zheng's current means, he had many ways to defeat Zhuge Xi, but he still chose the simplest and most violent way: fists.
A mere Zhuge Xi had such strength. Luo Zheng would encounter even more powerhouses in the future, and the pressure would be even greater. Luo Zheng had no choice but to carefully protect all his trump cards. If possible, he didn't want others to find out that his body was so strong. After all, a strong body was also one of Luo Zheng's trump cards.
Unfortunately, he couldn't control himself and could only crash into the wind blades. The disciple robe on his body was cut to pieces … …
Fighting naked like this made people feel strange. Since that was the case, he might as well end this fight.
Seeing Luo Zheng rushing towards him, Zhuge Xi reflexively dodged. Luo Zheng's body was so strong that he definitely wouldn't be weak. If he took this punch, he might not be able to take it.
Zhuge Xi's judgment was still very strong, but his luck was a little bad. Because the moment he wanted to retreat, a wind blade suddenly appeared behind him.
Dodge those wind blades? He would inevitably take Luo Zheng's fist.
Dodge Luo Zheng's fist? He would most likely be cut by the wind blades.
At that moment, his survival instinct made him choose to face Luo Zheng's fist. Therefore, his figure flashed, and he avoided the wind blades behind him. Then, Luo Zheng's fist came smashing towards him.
After being hit by Luo Zheng's fist, Zhuge Xi regretted it.
If he had to choose again, he would most likely choose to be cut by those wind blades.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's huge power gathered in his fist, and his fist heavily smashed into Zhuge Xi's body. Zhuge Xi's whole body was like a sandbag, sent flying by Luo Zheng's fist. Moreover, because Luo Zheng came from the side, Zhuge Xi's body was constantly rotating while flying.
In the end, his body stuck tightly to the light curtain barrier, and he slowly slid down from the light curtain barrier. Zhuge Xi's last thought was that he didn't have time to use his forbidden technique … …
Then, his eyes rolled back, and he fainted.
Only at this moment did the judge, who had been expressionless since the beginning, heave a sigh of relief. He hurriedly charged into the arena, and with a wave of his hand, he suppressed the chaotic airflow in the arena before he announced, "Little Rain Peak's disciple, Luo Zheng, is victorious!"
Luo Zheng's naked body took a step forward, and he jumped down from the arena.
Xiao Yufeng's Teacher Wen hurriedly rushed over, and threw a set of disciple robes to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng quickly put them on.
"Well done! Luo Zheng, you actually defeated Zhuge Xi! Amazing! "Teacher Wen was already unable to suppress the excitement in his heart.
This was different from the previous matches. Although Luo Zheng's previous opponents were quite strong, they weren't ranked high on the Proclamation of Azure Sky. But this time, who was Luo Zheng's opponent? The Divine Reflection Realm Zhuge Xi! Zhuge Xi's strength was ranked 83 on the Proclamation of Azure Sky.
In other words, it was almost certain that Luo Zheng would enter the top 100 of the Proclamation of Azure Sky!
Perhaps it was just like what Zuo Yun said, Xiao Yufeng could really change because of Luo Zheng alone.
The most frightening thing was that Luo Zheng was only 17 years old, and he was only at Xiantian stage two.
How could a Xiantian stage two enter the top 100 of the Proclamation of Azure Sky? If one day Luo Zheng broke through the Xiantian stage and stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, wouldn't he be able to dominate the Proclamation of Azure Sky and obtain first place in the All-Peak Competition?
Teacher Wen estimated that this wouldn't be too far away. Perhaps Luo Zheng would be able to achieve this in the next All-Peak Competition.