From the very beginning, Luo Zheng had attracted the attention of all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect when he stepped onto the stage.
However, the reason that attracted everyone's attention at that time was not Luo Zheng's strength, but his cultivation level. It was not that his cultivation level was too high, but that it was too low.
Although Wang Yun from the previous competition was also at Xiantian second stage, what was his status? He was a pro-disciple, and to be selected as a pro-disciple, he must have an unparalleled talent.
As for Luo Zheng, he was from the last place, Xiao Yufeng, so no one thought that Luo Zheng was outstanding. On the contrary, they pitied Xiao Yufeng for not being able to send a decent disciple to participate in the competition. At that time, many disciples from other peaks were very depressed, thinking that many of their peaks' peak Xiantian experts couldn't participate in the competition, but Xiao Yufeng, a little guy at Xiantian second stage, was actually qualified. This Xiao Yufeng was too strange.
As the following battles continued, Luo Zheng's innate divine strength did attract a small number of people's attention, but most people thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't go far. So what if he had innate divine strength? The strength of a warrior never depended on the strength of his body, but on the True Yuan in his Dantian.
Even though Luo Zheng won all the way, many disciples either thought that he was lucky, or didn't know how Luo Zheng won. Except for Xiao Yufeng, not many people acknowledged his strength.
However, in this battle, Luo Zheng defeated Zhuge Xi.
Just like Hua Tianming, he defeated a Divine Reflection expert with the strength of a Xiantian expert.
Most people didn't want to compare Luo Zheng with Hua Tianming.
It was enough for the Blue Cloud Sect to have a monstrous Hua Tianming. Hua Tianming's performance was already shocking enough, so why bother to have another Luo Zheng?
But thinking about it carefully, Luo Zheng's achievements in the battle with Zhuge Xi were actually more terrifying than Hua Tianming's!
After all, Hua Tianming was at the Xiantian Full Circle. His strength was only a fine line away from the Divine Reflection Realm Yue Qi.
What was Luo Zheng's strength? Xiantian second stage! The difference between a Xiantian stage two and a Divine Reflection stage was huge!
Three years ago, even his personal disciple, Wang Yun, wasn't able to achieve such a result, but Luo Zheng did it. He defeated Zhuge Xi, who was ranked 83rd …
But then again, although Luo Zheng's performance in the battle with Zhuge Xi was extremely stunning, most people still thought that Luo Zheng was inferior to Hua Tianming.
The reason for this impression was that Hua Tianming had already made a name for himself in the Blue Cloud Sect. Before the All-Peak Competition began, Hua Tianming had the strength to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist. Everyone had subtly accepted Hua Tianming as a genius and felt that such a genius should surpass them.
This was often the case between people. When a person was about the same as you, you might try to surpass him, but when a person was much stronger than you and had too many evildoers, you would often give up and take the initiative to admit the gap between you and him.
But not long ago, everyone thought that Luo Zheng was like a clown and that he had come to the All-Peak Competition to make a fool of himself.
But not long after, everyone was surprised to find that Luo Zheng was not a clown. Everyone who looked down on him was a clown!
The strength that Luo Zheng had shown had ruthlessly slapped these people in the face.
Therefore, they needed to find someone in their hearts who was more evildoer and more powerful than Luo Zheng. Therefore, everyone chose Hua Tianming.
Soon, some disciples who found it difficult to accept began to discuss the talent and strength of Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, but most people obviously leaned towards Hua Tianming.
"So what if Luo Zheng defeated Zhuge Xi? Zhuge Xi is not good at one-on-one fights. His cultivation method is suitable for group battles! "
"If he meets Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng can only lie down and lose!"
"Indeed, Luo Zheng relies on his innate divine strength and his tyrannical body. He must have eaten some rare treasures or picked up some special opportunity to become like this. It has nothing to do with talent. A seventeen-year-old at the Xiantian second stage. This talent can only be said to be ordinary, but Hua Tianming is different. He has walked step by step until now, without the slightest bit of opportunism …"
"What's more, Hua Tianming has not fully shown his strength. He has not even drawn his sword! The only thing that Luo Zheng relies on is his body. If he meets a truly powerful person, so what if his body is strong? He can wear you down to death! "
Similar discussions were happening on almost every mountain peak, except for Xiao Yufeng.
When the disciples of Xiao Yufeng heard these remarks, they were also indignant. However, the number of Xiao Yufeng disciples present was too small, so it naturally did not affect the popularity of the above remarks.
The scope of the discussion was no longer limited to the scene of the Peak Competition.
All the 33 peaks had a letter tablet, which allowed them to watch the battles of the Peak Competition from all angles. Now, the inner and outer disciples of every peak were basically discussing this issue.
In the inner gate of Jiuzhang Peak, at this moment, a group of inner disciples were gathered in front of the letter tablet, arguing fiercely.
Most of them thought that Hua Tianming was better. This situation did not only happen in the fighting arena, but also in the disciples who could not be present in person.
Only a very small number of disciples thought that Luo Zheng was more powerful. Luo Zheng was able to defeat a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist with the strength of the Xiantian second stage. If Luo Zheng practiced to the peak of the Xiantian realm, he should be more powerful than Hua Tianming.
"Needless to say, Luo Zheng must be more powerful!" A young man on Jiuzhang Peak shook his head and said.
"Come on, Zhao Zhao, your head is on your ass. Do you know that Hua Tianming has comprehended the Basic Sword Essence? Hua Tianming didn't use his full strength. If he drew his sword, he could cut Luo Zheng's body and cut him into several pieces just by using the Sword Essence! "Someone immediately retorted.
"So what? Hua Tianming hid his strength. Didn't Luo Zheng hide his strength? " Zhao Zhao curled his lips and said. His strength was ranked at the top of the Ninety Feet Peak, but unfortunately, he had lost the Challenge Tournament before the All-Peak Grand Competition, so he had no chance to participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition this year. Therefore, relatively speaking, his strength was enough to rank first among the disciples who did not participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition.
"You think Luo Zheng will win, then do you dare to bet on Luo Zheng? If you have the ability, bet all your wealth on Luo Zheng to win! "Someone else retorted.
Since the beginning of the Peak Competition, many people had started gambling. According to the strength of each disciple, all the disciples could bet.
The Blue Cloud Sect also turned a blind eye to gambling. After all, many of the bookmakers were descendants of landowning families.
Now, Hua Tianming's odds were 1: 1.2, while Luo Zheng's odds were 1: 3.5. The lower the odds, the more people believed in someone's strength. In contrast, Hua Tianming's odds were much lower than Luo Zheng's. Just from the odds, it could be seen that people were more inclined to believe that Hua Tianming was more powerful.
Hearing those people's words, Zhao Zhao laughed. "How do you know I didn't bet on him? Let me tell you, I bet all my wealth on Luo Zheng at the beginning, and now it has more than tripled. Do you want to see how many crystal stones I have? You're scared to death! I'll still bet on him next! I'll still bet all my wealth. Do you dare to bet all your wealth on Hua Tianming? "
Zhao Zhao's words stunned those people from the Nine Zhang Peak.
Although Hua Tianming's strength was strong, he was not invincible. After all, Hua Tianming was still at the peak of the Xiantian realm, and those personal disciples had not made a move yet. Moreover, there were people from the 33 peaks who could defeat Hua Tianming. For example, Xie Yun and Wu Xie, who were from the same peak as Hua Tianming, and Bai Yun and Zhou Dan from the Black Rock Peak, were all geniuses. Moreover, they were all Divine Reflection experts. There was a high chance that they could defeat Hua Tianming!
Naturally, no lunatic would dare to bet all his wealth on Hua Tianming. It didn't matter if Hua Tianming lost a match, he could still participate in the group competition. If he lost once with all his wealth … it would be troublesome.
But this lunatic Zhao Zhao dared to bet!
Moreover, he had a crazy plan, which was to bet all his wealth on Luo Zheng in every match!
If it was really as he guessed, and Luo Zheng won every match, then his value would continuously double, explosively increasing by hundreds or even thousands of times!
Why did Zhao Zhao dare to do this?
Others said he was crazy, but Zhao Zhao knew very well that he was not. On the contrary, he trusted his intuition very much, or rather, he trusted Luo Zheng's strength.
He was the only one who had experienced Luo Zheng's monstrous talent at close range, and also the only one who knew how powerful Luo Zheng's sword intent was!
It was his first time practicing the sword, and he had condensed sword intent on his first practice. Moreover, he had passed the eighth level of the Seven Stars Spectroscopic Platform. A guy like Luo Zheng could no longer be described as a genius. He could already be described as a monstrous talent.
Through Xin Gui, he saw that when Luo Zheng displayed the sword steps, everyone was laughing at Luo Zheng for imitating others and making a fool of himself. But Zhao Zhao didn't laugh. He had been carefully observing all along, and his heart was full of shock. He saw that Luo Zheng's sword steps were childish and immature. He also saw that Luo Zheng had just started practicing the sword steps. He also saw that Luo Zheng's sword steps were learned from Hua Tianming.
To be able to display the sword steps after only seeing it once, and to use it in actual combat, this kind of thing was very absurd and unbelievable. But Zhao Zhao understood that Luo Zheng could indeed do it. With his monstrous talent, this was nothing.
Because he had seen Luo Zheng's monstrous side with his own eyes.
Therefore, Zhao Zhao looked at Xin Gui full of confidence, revealing a playful smile.
"Come on, Luo Zheng. I, Zhao Zhao, like to gamble. But over the years, I've lost more than I've won. This time, let me make a big gamble and win well!"
＝＝＝＝＝