Round after round of matches were carried out on the arena without a break.
The disciples with poor strength were eliminated, while the disciples with tyrannical strength advanced all the way.
Luo Zheng didn't encounter any real strong opponents in the following matches, and almost all of them were Xiantian Full Circle disciples.
In the beginning, there were two Xiantian Full Circle disciples who seemed to be unconvinced. These two came from Huan Ling Peak and Hei Yan Peak. Although they were only Xiantian Full Circle disciples, they were still able to squeeze into the Peak Competition from the top two peaks. This showed that they were still quite strong, and at least ranked at the top of the Xiantian Full Circle disciples.
As for Luo Zheng being able to defeat Zhuge Xi, they believed that luck accounted for a considerable part. Holding on to this fantasy, they began to fight with Luo Zheng. The result was predictable. Luo Zheng used his iron fist to let them understand that strength was strength, and there was no possibility of deception.
After teaching two Xiantian Full Circle disciples a lesson with his fists in succession, Luo Zheng's opponents soon sobered up. Luo Zheng couldn't be measured by realm at all. Although they felt that Luo Zheng wasn't as good as Hua Tianming, but his real strength was estimated to be not much worse than Hua Tianming.
Therefore, the following matches were relatively easy. They could either symbolically exchange a few moves with Luo Zheng, or directly admit defeat. The Xiantian Full Circle disciples who were able to reach this stage were basically certain that they could advance from the group. If they couldn't advance, then so be it if they lost. Why should they provoke Luo Zheng and get beaten up? Those who could advance also didn't care about losing this match. They didn't want to fight to the death with a monster like Luo Zheng.
So far, the strength of the genius disciples of the 33 peaks had gradually sunk.
So far, Luo Zheng was the only one who had a winning streak. Luo Zheng had already won 11 consecutive battles, and had never tasted defeat. This result was already heaven-defying, because there were still several valuable battles in this winning streak, such as the battle with Hei Ming and the battle with Zhuge Xi.
Hua Tianming was also on a winning streak. In comparison, his sharpness was even brighter than Luo Zheng's, and the quality of his winning streak was even higher, because in this group competition, he had already encountered three Divine Reflection Realm martial art masters; whether it was Jadeite Peak's Yue Qi, Nine Zhang Peak's Xu Ziling, or Vulture Peak's sole Divine Reflection Realm martial art master, Ma Xu, each and every one of them was not to be underestimated.
And during this process, Hua Tianming still did not draw his sword.
A swordsman's greatest weapon was his sword, but Hua Tianming did not draw his sword. This meant that he had only revealed twenty to thirty percent of his strength. His hidden combat strength was hard to imagine.
Therefore, at this time, many people asserted that Hua Tianming was very likely to win first place in the Peak Competition with his Xiantian Full Circle cultivation base! This record had never appeared in the history of the Blue Cloud Sect.
As for Luo Zheng, although the strength he had shown so far was astonishing, after all, his cultivation base and realm were too low. Everyone agreed that Luo Zheng had not encountered a real martial art master. If he encountered a Divine Reflection Realm martial art master from Tianyi Peak or Hei Yan Peak, perhaps Luo Zheng's winning streak would come to an abrupt end, and it would be even more impossible for him to clash with those personal disciples.
In addition to Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, Quan Xiaoyan from Jade Maiden Peak also had an amazing performance. Although Quan Xiaoyan had not reached Xiantian Full Circle, she had also defeated several Xiantian Full Circle martial art masters with her Xiantian ninth stage strength, as well as a Divine Reflection Realm martial art master, and maintained her winning streak.
Now, there were a total of thirteen people who maintained their winning streak. Among them, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Quan Xiaoyan were all Xiantian lifeforms. The other nine were Xie Yun and Wu Xie from Tianyi Peak, Bai Yun and Zhou Dan from Hei Peak, Zhu Fanhai from Huanling Peak, Meng Shengdian from Carefree Peak, and Huang Xuan from Tianshui Peak.
Now, the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were very much looking forward to these thirteen people clashing.
Because these thirteen people wanted to maintain their winning streaks, they had to end their opponents' winning streaks. Therefore, they would certainly go all out, and the battle would be very exciting. It would be very difficult for them to directly admit defeat or passively accept the challenge.
The Blue Cloud Sect's allocation system did not disappoint everyone.
In this round, Luo Zheng's opponent was assigned.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus Zhou Dan of Hei Peak!" The referee announced.
The referee's words immediately caused a heated discussion among the crowd.
"Luo Zheng's winning streak should end here. His opponent is Zhou Dan. So far, Zhou Dan has also been winning streaks. Moreover, he is a top disciple of Hei Peak, and his ranking on the Honor Roll of Green Cloud is in the fifties!"
"I'll immediately place an order and bet on Zhou Dan's victory. However, the odds seem a bit too low. Everyone is not optimistic about Luo Zheng's chances. Should I take advantage of the dark horse and bet on Luo Zheng?"
"Luo Zheng can't possibly be Zhou Dan's opponent. Moreover, I think Luo Zheng will directly admit defeat. Anyway, winning streaks are just an honor. He has won so many matches in a row that he has already qualified. Winning or losing is meaningless. Moreover, Luo Zheng previously beat up Hei Ming, a disciple of Hei Peak. Hei Ming, a disciple of Hei Peak, has already been warned. Luo Zheng will definitely suffer a great loss if he meets Zhou Dan. Zhou Dan will not only defeat Luo Zheng, but will also teach Luo Zheng a lesson!"
No matter how amazing Luo Zheng's performance was, everyone felt that Luo Zheng could not defeat Zhou Dan.
It could also be seen from the betting odds that Luo Zheng defeated Zhou Dan, the odds were one to nine! Zhou Dan defeated Luo Zheng, the odds were only one to one. This showed that most people thought that Zhou Dan would definitely defeat Luo Zheng.
After hearing the referee's announcement, Luo Zheng prepared to enter the arena.
Beside him, Mentor Wen just wanted to say something, but Luo Zheng immediately smiled and said, "Mentor Wen, please don't say anything …"
Almost every time Luo Zheng wasn't sure of winning the battle, Mentor Wen would be like a little wife, repeatedly warning Luo Zheng. Moreover, he would say the same words over and over again, "You must protect yourself well. It's okay if you lose. If you can't beat her, just admit defeat. Anyway, you have already entered the next round …"
Luo Zheng could almost recite these words backwards.
Mentor Wen smiled awkwardly, but changed his words, "Previously, you beat up Hei Ming, a disciple of Hei Peak. Hei Ming must be harboring a grudge against you and won't let it go. I'm afraid that Zhou Dan will fight you to the death."
However, Luo Zheng turned around and said seriously, "Mentor Wen, no matter who I fight against, I will go all out! I won't back down even half a point. "
Seeing Luo Zheng speak so seriously, Mentor Wen's heart was slightly shaken …
Although he had always said that he was optimistic about Luo Zheng and had always regarded Luo Zheng as Xiao Yufeng's only hope, in fact, Mentor Wen himself still had doubts about Luo Zheng's strength. Although Luo Zheng had repeatedly broken Mentor Wen's and everyone's guesses and won all the way until now, this didn't give Mentor Wen a strong confidence. On the contrary, he was worried about personal gains and losses.
It couldn't be helped. Mentor Wen really couldn't believe that Luo Zheng could rush to first place among the direct disciples and the top experts of the 33 peaks …
However, seeing Luo Zheng so serious, Mentor Wen's heart was shaken. Luo Zheng's mentality was a typical expert's mentality. Even if the chances of reaching the top were slim, he still fought with the belief that he would win. Only this kind of person would never be afraid! He could fully display his strength at any time.
"I'm sorry, Luo Zheng. You're right. You must go all out in every battle! I believe you can do it! "Mentor Wen took a deep breath and said slowly.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded, then stepped into the arena.
On the Nine Zhang Peak, Zhao Zhao's eyes were as wide as copper bells. He stared at Xin Gui and didn't even dare to blink.
He had just bought 1,200 square crystals! He was betting on Luo Zheng's victory!
One thousand and two hundred square crystals was an unimaginable sum for Zhao Zhao in the past! When did he have so many square crystals in his hands? Usually, he would only go to the seven-star spectroscopic platform to cultivate once a month. Any more than that and he wouldn't have enough points to support him!
However, with Luo Zheng's consecutive victories, Zhao Zhao's square crystals had been multiplying by several folds! From two square crystals to more than 1,000 square crystals now … Zhao Zhao originally felt that it was a pity that he couldn't participate in the Peak Competition, but now he didn't regret it at all! He might not be able to get a good result in the Peak Competition, but he could win so many square crystals on the Nine Zhang Peak!
Now, Luo Zheng's odds against Zhou Dan were 1 to 9. These odds were ridiculously high! This meant that most people wouldn't bet on Luo Zheng's victory.
Even so, Zhao Zhao still threw in 1,200 square crystals without hesitation.
"Nine times, Brother Luo Zheng, no, Brother Luo Zheng! If you can win against Zhou Dan, I'd rather call you Daddy Luo Zheng! " If Luo Zheng won, he would have 10,000 square crystals, which could be exchanged for 5,000 points. With so many points, why would he wait a month to go to the Seven Star Sword Spectroscopic Platform? He could sleep on it every day!
Under Zhao Zhao's prayer, Luo Zheng finally stepped into the arena.
Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan were both in a winning streak. They had both won 11 matches in a row. This match was destined to end one of their winning streaks.
Zhou Dan was already standing in the arena. Today, he wasn't wearing the black inner disciple robe. There were no strict rules on attire in the Peak Competition.
Today, he was wearing a green robe with a light-colored jade belt tied around his waist. He looked gentle and refined, like a scholar who had read a lot of books. There was not the slightest trace of killing intent in his eyes.
"You should admit defeat," Zhou Dan said lightly after seeing Luo Zheng walk into the arena.
"Why?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly, staring at Zhou Dan and asking.
"I'm from the Black Rock Peak. Since I entered the Black Rock Peak, my mentor has taken good care of me. It can be said that my kindness is as heavy as a mountain. You beat Hei Ming miserably, so he asked me to return the favor in this match and make you even more miserable," Zhou Dan said softly.
Luo Zheng looked at the Black Rock Peak. Mentor Yu of the Black Rock Peak was staring at him with a murderous expression. Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Then why did you tell me? Just fight. If I admit defeat, you won't have a chance to fight with me, right? "
Zhou Dan said, "Because I also think that Hei Ming is at fault. Since Hei Ming was so arrogant before and beat up your Xiao Yufeng's Zuo Yun, then he should be prepared to be beaten. You're just avenging Zuo Yun. In other words, you're not wrong."
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "According to your words, you can also help Hei Ming get revenge?"
"Indeed, that's what Mentor Yu meant, but I'm not willing because I don't like Hei Ming!" Zhou Dan said lightly.