In Zhou Dan's opinion, Hei Ming was indeed quite accomplished in Illusory Matrices and could be called a genius.
However, Hei Ming had evil intentions and was cruel and bloodthirsty. The Blue Cloud Sect only cared about the rules and strength of the sect. They didn't restrict the character of the disciples. Zhou Dan couldn't change this tendency of the Blue Cloud Sect because of his limited strength. However, when it involved him, he could refuse.
Even though he was indebted to Instructor Yu of the Black Rock Peak and he couldn't refuse Instructor Yu's request, he could still make his own choice. He reminded Luo Zheng, let Luo Zheng admit defeat, and let Luo Zheng know that he and Hei Ming weren't the same kind of people!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with surprise. He didn't expect Zhou Dan to be so upright. Luo Zheng nodded and smiled. "The Blue Cloud Sect accepts all the martial artists in the world. However, they use strength as the backbone and don't ask about morality. Although many disciples are talented and powerful, they are cruel and bloodthirsty. I, Luo Zheng, admire Brother Zhou Dan for being able to remain untainted. However, I can't admit defeat!"
"But if you don't choose to admit defeat and you really lose, I'm afraid I will …" He couldn't refuse Instructor Yu's request directly. Therefore, Zhou Dan could only promise Instructor Yu that if Luo Zheng didn't admit defeat, he would punish him.
"You don't have to worry about that, Brother Zhou Dan. First of all, the outcome of this battle has yet to be determined. Even if I lose, Brother Zhou Dan can give me a chance to take a breather so that I can admit defeat. I'm sure your Black Rock Peak mentors will have nothing to say," Luo Zheng said slowly.
When Zhou Dan heard Luo Zheng's plan, he smiled. "I didn't think of such a flexible method. Since it's like this, let's begin!"
After saying that, Zhou Dan took out a pen.
There were many types of weapons in the world. Generally speaking, there were not many people who used a pen as a weapon. Even if they used a pen as a weapon, they would usually use the Magistrate's Pen. The Magistrate's Pen was only shaped like a pen, but its actual function was similar to the Emei Thorn. Its entire body was made of metal.
The pen in Zhou Dan's hand was made of wood, but the tip was made of weasel hair. This was a writing brush!
The brush was only used for writing, but Zhou Dan used it to fight her enemies.
Facing Zhou Dan, who took out a writing brush, Luo Zheng did not underestimate him. Since he could win so many matches in a row and become the top disciple of the Black Rock Peak, his strength should not be underestimated.
Any opponent who underestimated Zhou Dan would pay a painful price.
After Zhou Dan took out the writing brush, wisps of pure black True Essence escaped from her hand. The True Essence floated in the air above Zhou Dan, gradually becoming more condensed. From the beginning, the True Essence slowly transformed into a mass of black fog, and then the black fog condensed into a mass of black liquid.
When Zhou Dan gently rolled up her sleeves and dipped the brush into the black liquid, Luo Zheng realized that the black liquid was the ink used by the writing brush.
Turning true essence into ink …
The world was so big that nothing was too strange. Luo Zheng didn't know what Zhou Dan was up to, but no matter what, he had to fight first!
Luo Zheng wanted to bring out the potential of his corporeal body to the extreme. Unless his corporeal body could not cope with the opponent in front of him, he would only consider using his True Essence.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's body was as light as a swallow. In addition, the distance between the two of them was not far. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng arrived in front of Zhou Dan. His two iron fists came from both sides.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were very clear about the terrifying explosive power of his corporeal body. However, when they saw that Zhou Dan was still not panicking even though Luo Zheng had already brandished his fists, they couldn't help but break out in a cold sweat for Zhou Dan.
After all, most of the disciples had bet on Zhou Dan to win. Only a very small number of disciples who didn't believe in heresy and were willing to bet on Luo Zheng.
If Zhou Dan was seriously injured by Luo Zheng's fists in the first round, they would lose miserably.
Facing Luo Zheng's fists, Zhou Dan calmly raised the writing brush in her hand. The moment she raised the writing brush, her movements suddenly became joyful.
She wrote a word beside Luo Zheng's hand at lightning speed. It was the word "seal".
It was just a single word, but it looked like an iron pen and silver hook. It exuded the aura of a gentleman!
After this word appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the power in his hand suddenly weaken. His left hand was actually sealed just like that!
Although one of Luo Zheng's fists was sealed, Luo Zheng still had his right fist. This fist was already very close.
However, Zhou Dan's expression still didn't change. She methodically spun the writing brush, casually picked up the brush and ink, and quickly wrote the word "defend" in the air.
This word was faintly heavy and deeply engraved.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. His fist smashed into the word "defend".
Under this smash, Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly.
Facing a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator and Zhou Dan, who was also a peak figure of the Black Rock Peak, Luo Zheng no longer hid his strength. Instead, he urged the power in his body to ninety percent. All of his dragon scales opened at the same time. This surging power smashed into the word written with True Essence, but unexpectedly, it didn't move at all.
"Again!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
After four consecutive punches, a crack appeared on the huge "defend" word. It wasn't until the fifth punch that the word loudly cracked.
Zhou Dan retreated a few steps. With a wave of his hand, another "defend" word formed in front of him. Moreover, he was still constantly dipping the brush in ink. One "defend" word after another appeared in front of him.
As he wrote, he said, "This move is called the Five Direction Defense Word Formula. No matter how big the damage is, it can withstand five attacks. Only after five attacks will it shatter! As for the "seal" word on your left hand, it is the Seal Word Formula. It can seal power and True Essence. Your left hand temporarily can't move. "
Hearing Zhou Dan's words, Luo Zheng was suddenly speechless.
Generally speaking, martial artists wouldn't easily tell their opponents their Cultivation Methods and their uses. Because once they told their opponents, their opponents would be able to find a way to deal with it from the limited information. However, this Zhou Dan was really honest. It could be said that he had absolute confidence in his own strength. In addition, his gentleman's way was originally open and aboveboard. Therefore, he acted straightforwardly without the slightest bit of hypocrisy.
"Seal Word Formula?"
Luo Zheng swung his left arm. Now, his entire left arm plus his left hand really couldn't exert any strength. In this way, Zhou Dan's "seal word" was equivalent to crippling his left hand.
"Yes, you can't break this" seal word "formula. Generally speaking, this" seal word "formula will automatically break after an hour." Zhou Dan said in a soft voice. His expression was calm, as if he wasn't fighting with Luo Zheng, but was discussing something together.
"Can't break it?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. With a thought, the energy of the blood jade crystal in his left hand suddenly gushed out. Soon, a blood-red crack appeared on the "seal" word. In a short time, the entire "seal" word disintegrated, turning into a little bit of black Yuan Qi and dissipating between the heaven and the earth.
"Huh?" There was a touch of surprise on Zhou Dan's face, "Good means, I was just boasting, although you are only at the Xiantian second stage, but your means are so sharp, no wonder you can win until now, I really underestimated you, but just breaking my 'seal' word technique is not enough, take this!"
Zhou Dan laid down seven or eight "defend" characters in one breath, and then began to write again. This time, he wrote three "kill" characters in a row, and after writing three "kill" characters in a row, he gently spat out a word, "Go!" Immediately, those three "kill" characters rushed towards Luo Zheng, and to everyone's surprise, Zhou Dan said to Luo Zheng: "Brother Luo Zheng, be careful, this" kill "formula is extremely powerful, so you have to be careful when dealing with it."
As soon as those three big "kill" characters appeared, the imposing manner suddenly changed. Luo Zheng could clearly feel an intense killing intent coming from those "kill" characters, as if a general on the battlefield had just slaughtered tens of thousands of creatures.
These three "kill" characters formed a triangle shape and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"So that's how it is, no wonder I couldn't feel any killing intent coming from Zhou Dan's body. He must have condensed all of his killing intent into this" kill "formula. Now, let me see what is so special about these three characters!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stretched out his fist and rushed towards those three characters at an extremely fast speed.
Facing an opponent like Zhou Dan, Luo Zheng really felt that it would be difficult to deal with him. Luo Zheng had so many "defend" formula on his body, and each "defend" formula required five attacks from Luo Zheng to break through. Five "defend" formula could resist 25 attacks from Zhou Dan, not to mention that Zhou Dan could continuously supplement the "defend" formula while he was attacking.
Just by relying on this point, Zhou Dan seemed to be in an invincible position.
At this time, Luo Zheng not only had to face these three "kill" characters, but also had to figure out how to break through Zhou Dan's defense.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's fist hit the huge "kill" character. When this fist hit, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strong rebounding force. At the same time, the first "kill" character suddenly exploded, producing an even more powerful force that heavily bombarded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who was originally in the center of the arena, was hit by this force and his whole body was heavily bounced back, smashing into the light curtain barrier at the edge of the arena.
This light curtain barrier was arranged using a large formation of the Blue Cloud Sect and could withstand a very terrifying attack. However, Luo Zheng's collision actually caused the light curtain barrier to shake a little.
No matter what kind of barrier it was, there was an upper limit to the amount of power it could withstand. Obviously, Luo Zheng's power and the power of the "kill" character were superimposed, so how terrifying was the impact on Luo Zheng's body? This impact was very close to the upper limit of the light curtain barrier, and in a corner of the light curtain barrier, a crack actually appeared.
The nearby referee's complexion suddenly changed. The light curtain barrier was arranged to protect the surrounding disciples. Of course, it could also appropriately protect the warriors in the arena.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan's fight could cause a crack to appear in the light curtain barrier with just one blow? Was this really such a powerful attack?
The referee looked at an Elder next to him. When the Elder saw this scene, he waved his hand and released a pure True Essence from his hand, pouring it into the light curtain barrier. In the blink of an eye, the light curtain barrier was restored to its original state.