Seeing this scene, the crowd began to discuss again.
"Zhou Dan's attack is so terrifying. Just the word 'kill' was enough to send Luo Zheng flying! He's much stronger than Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng is probably going to lose! "
"I'm afraid it's not as simple as losing. This' kill 'word is very strange. It contains a very terrifying power. Just now, I felt that this' kill 'word was very strange. It was able to reflect Luo Zheng's power back. In that instant, Luo Zheng was hit by both his own power and the power of the' kill 'word … It's hard to say whether Luo Zheng will be able to get up now."
"So that's how it is. In this way, Luo Zheng's innate strength has hit his own body. I hope he can't get up. He definitely can't get up. I've bet on Luo Zheng so many times. Every time, I bet on him to lose! I've almost lost all my pants. This time, I'm going all out. I bet all my money on Zhou Dan. As long as Luo Zheng loses, I can win everything back with interest! "
"Don't worry. He can't get up. Even if his body is made of steel, he won't be able to take it."
It could be said that except for Xiao Yufeng and some people who bet on Luo Zheng, almost everyone hoped that Luo Zheng would lose! They all hoped that Luo Zheng wouldn't get up!
Luo Zheng indeed didn't get up. However, it wasn't that he didn't want to get up. Instead, he was thinking about how to deal with the current situation and how to break Zhou Dan's word seals.
After thinking about it, Luo Zheng realized that he might not be able to break Zhou Dan's defense by relying on his physical body alone.
He had to use other methods.
The five "defend" word seals were constantly flying around Zhou Dan. Beside Zhou Dan, there were also two "kill" word seals. Although Instructor Yu told Zhou Dan to beat Luo Zheng to death as long as she had the chance, Zhou Dan's personality was not enough to do such a thing.
How could a gentleman take advantage of another's perilous state?
Luo Zheng must have suffered a serious recoil from that blow. He was lying on the ground motionless, probably unconscious. If that was the case, the referee would directly declare Luo Zheng as the loser, and this battle would not continue.
"He probably won't be able to get up …" Zhou Dan stared at Luo Zheng who was lying on the ground. This way, it would be easier for him to explain himself to Instructor Yu. After all, if he fainted, he would lose. He really wouldn't be able to continue attacking Luo Zheng. Just as Zhou Dan heaved a sigh of relief, he saw Luo Zheng flip his hands and feet. Then, he jumped up from the ground like a carp. He even moved his body a little. There was a trace of an indifferent smile on his face …
The breath that Zhou Dan had just exhaled was immediately sucked back in. This guy seemed to be completely fine.
Zhou Dan already knew that Luo Zheng's body was tyrannical. Previously, Luo Zheng had fully demonstrated it. Zhou Dan, who was particular about planning before acting, was very clear about it. However, he didn't expect Luo Zheng's body to be so tyrannical.
This was not a level that could be achieved by a body of flesh and blood. Even if he had a real body of steel and iron, he was afraid that the blow just now would break. Unless Luo Zheng's body reached the level of a Profound Tool, or even a Spiritual Tool, he was afraid that he would be able to withstand this blow.
This was what Zhou Dan thought in his mind. However, Zhou Dan didn't know that his guess was infinitely close to the truth. Luo Zheng's body was indeed a genuine Spiritual Tool. Moreover, it was a Middle Grade Spiritual Tool!
Luo Zheng moved his body a little. Looking at Zhou Dan, who was not far away, he moved again this time!
Luo Zheng's attack was not blind. Although Luo Zheng had previously concealed his strength, he also understood that he couldn't hide it forever. Moreover, if someone wanted to investigate, it wouldn't be difficult to find out Luo Zheng's true strength.
Now that he couldn't defeat Zhou Dan purely by relying on his body, it was time for his Zhen Yuan to enter the stage.
The moment Luo Zheng rushed forward, a dark purple Zhen Yuan crazily gushed out from his Dantian. The Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan followed Luo Zheng's meridians and rushed into Luo Zheng's hands. Suddenly, it bloomed like a dark purple flame burning fiercely. It emitted a fierce imposing aura, which was strange and extraordinary.
And in that dark purple Zhen Yuan, there was a little bit of sparkling starlight. If one casually looked up, it seemed that the starlight contained the power of the stars in the sky. It gave people a kind of soul-stirring pressure!
"Oh, Luo Zheng is using Zhen Yuan … how could I forget? Luo Zheng has become a Xiantian life form. He has been fighting all the way until now, and he hasn't even used his Zhen Yuan!"
"Nonsense, I already said that other people can hide their cultivation. Why can't Luo Zheng do the same?"
"Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan is giving people a great pressure. This Zhen Yuan is very special, but I don't know what kind of power technique he is practicing!"
Everyone's complexion was also shocked. Luo Zheng had been relying on his innate divine strength and his tyrannical body to fight all the way until now. But now, he suddenly used his Zhen Yuan. For a moment, everyone found it hard to accept. Not to mention, most of the people had bet on Zhou Dan. If the situation was really reversed by Luo Zheng, then they would lose and even lose their pants.
Only a small number of disciples who had bet on Luo Zheng's victory were complacent at this moment. "I already said that Luo Zheng must have hidden his trump card. Although he is only at the Xiantian second stage, it is impossible for a Xiantian second stage master to win all the way until now!"
Shi Jingtian, who was sitting on the high platform, suddenly saw the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan condensed in Luo Zheng's hand. His expression suddenly became serious, and his eyes were like two sharp knives, staring at the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan. He slowly said, "What's going on? If I'm not wrong, the Zhen Yuan in Luo Zheng's hand seems to be the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan! "
Elder Xu, who was sitting beside Shi Jingtian, also looked extremely dignified. "It is indeed the Sky Demon Zhen Yuan! This boy has actually practiced the 《Sky Demon Zhen Yuan》, how … how did he enter the Heavenly Book Pavilion and take away the 《Sky Demon God Fist》? "
"Oh, the 《Sky Demon God Fist》 has been in the Heavenly Book Pavilion for a hundred years. Three people have obtained it, but two of them failed to practice the 《Sky Demon God Fist》, and one of them was blocked by Uncle Lin. I didn't expect that … I didn't expect that … this 《Sky Demon God Fist》 would be successfully practiced by someone." Shi Jingtian murmured.
The Uncle Lin mentioned by Shi Jingtian was naturally the old man whom Luo Zheng had met in the Heavenly Book Pavilion when he had taken away the 《Sky Demon God Fist》. This old man had a very high status, and even the Sovereign Shi Jingtian had to address him as "Uncle Lin".
"The 《Sky Demon God Fist》 is a Saint-level power technique. It has always been said that it is impossible for a human body to practice it. I really don't understand how this boy managed to practice it!" Elder Xu's eyes were filled with envy. Even with his status as an elder, he was quite tempted by the Saint-level power technique.
It wasn't that Elder Xu couldn't obtain the Heavenly Devil God Fist. If he paid a certain price, he might be able to lend it to Elder Xu. However, Elder Xu was already old. Moreover, it wasn't easy to cultivate a Saint-level cultivation method. This cultivation method was passed down from the Devil Race. Even the Devil Race found it difficult to cultivate. It was too difficult for Elder Xu to cultivate it.
"Unable to practice it?" Shi Jingtian shook his head when he heard Elder Xu's words. "For the hundreds of millions of people in the 300 counties of the Eastern Region, the difficulty is indeed a bit high. However, if you look at the whole world, the genius disciples of the various Sects, Temples, and Holy Lands will have endless resources since they were young. Their talents are inherited from their powerful parents, and their innate talents are much stronger. If they really want to practice it, they might be able to succeed …"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Elder Xu suddenly became silent.
Shi Jingtian's words were reasonable. The world was too big, too big.
Just the Eastern Region alone had hundreds of millions of people. In addition, there were the Western Region, Northern Region, Southern Region, and Central Domain. None of these regions were smaller than the Eastern Region.
However, the distance between each region was extremely far. It was no less than a million miles. Humans were scattered in each region, fighting for themselves. Just like when the Demon Clan attacked, the humans in the other regions would find it difficult to lend a helping hand. Moreover, the humans in the other four regions might not be the rulers. According to Elder Xu's knowledge, the humans in the Western Region had a very difficult life. The rulers of the Western Region were the Demon Clan. Humans could only be regarded as second-class people there. The Demon Clan was the ruler of the Western Region.
The distribution of the Devil Clan was the same as that of the humans. They were also extremely widespread. At the border between the Central Region and the Eastern Region, there was a large empire of the Devil Clan. The Burning Sky King Dynasty was currently in an alliance with that empire of the Devil Clan to fight against the Demon Clan.
If one were to look further, the Eastern, Western, Southern, Southern, and Central Domains were actually just a huge island in the world!
It was said that after crossing the boundless Chaotic Astral Ocean, one would be able to see the real continent of this world!
If one were to think about this and return to the Blue Cloud Sect, how difficult would it be for the most talented and talented disciple to practice the 《Demonic God Fist》?
"I'm a bit of a failure as the Sect Leader. There were people in the Blue Cloud Sect who practiced the 《Demonic God Fist》, but no one told me. I only found out when I saw it with my own eyes. Hehe." Shi Jingtian laughed at himself.
In fact, there were still many people in the Blue Cloud Sect who knew that Luo Zheng practiced the 《Demonic God Fist》. At least, the so-called Ten Great Spiritual Masters were aware of it. However, they were unwilling to report this matter to the higher-ups for some reason. Not only that, they also withheld a lot of information about Luo Zheng's talent during cultivation!
"Sect Leader, there are very few people who know about the 《Demonic God Fist》. I'm afraid that even if Luo Zheng displayed it in front of them, no one would be able to recognize it." Elder Xu analyzed.
"That's true. However, I still have to investigate this matter! If there are people who know about this matter and don't report it, I will definitely make them pay the price! "Shi Jingtian said indifferently.
This sentence made Elder Xu secretly shocked. Although this matter had nothing to do with him, when he thought of the layers of hidden killing intent in Shi Jingtian's words, Elder Xu felt a chill run down his spine. He thought that even if Luo Zheng practiced the 《Demonic God Fist》, he would at most show a good talent. However, he did not expect Shi Jingtian to take this matter so seriously. Was this Holy Class Cultivation Technique really that difficult to practice?
Luo Zheng naturally did not know about the conversation between the two. With Luo Zheng's current knowledge, it was still limited to the Eastern Region. He also did not know what was behind the 《Demonic God Fist》. However, he chose to use the 《Demonic God Fist》 to break through Zhou Dan's defense!
＝＝＝＝＝