All of a sudden, Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan burst out with such a powerful aura, which made Zhou Dan's expression become very dignified.
Zhou Dan was originally surprised by the tyrannical strength of Luo Zheng's body, but that was only on the level of physical strength.
Although Luo Zheng's defense was strong, but Zhou Dan was not afraid, after all, as long as Luo Zheng could not break his defense, then Zhou Dan would always be in an invincible position.
But suddenly, seeing Luo Zheng release his Zhen Yuan, Zhou Dan suddenly felt that the situation was not right.
Why didn't he use Zhen Yuan in the previous battle?
There were only two possibilities. First, Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan was not strong, or Luo Zheng's only reliance was his tyrannical body, as well as his terrifying innate divine strength.
Second, Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond Zhou Dan's imagination. He had been suppressing his strength and hiding his trump card all this time!
According to Zhou Dan's judgment, the first possibility was very small. His body was so powerful, and his strength was also so terrifying, so how could his Zhen Yuan be weak? Not to mention, the two dark purple masses of Zhen Yuan in Luo Zheng's hands were emitting a powerful aura! In any case, the power of Zhen Yuan's Zhen Yuan would not be weak!
Thinking of this, Zhou Dan could not help but retreat. While constantly retreating, the brush in his hand was also dancing like a dragon and dancing like a phoenix. One after another, "Kill" characters appeared from the tip of his brush. This battle was destined to be a bitter one.
Zhou Dan had no time to marvel at the fact that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage, and he had even forgotten about Luo Zheng's cultivation. At this moment, he only regarded Luo Zheng as the strongest opponent in his life!
"Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill … …"
One by one, "Kill" characters appeared from the tip of Zhou Dan's brush, and as soon as those "Kill" characters appeared, they arranged themselves in a strange angle and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Thirteen Killing Formation!"
This "Thirteen Killing Formation" was Zhou Dan's strongest offensive method, and also Zhou Dan's trump card.
This trump card was not prepared for Luo Zheng. He intended to use it against his personal disciples.
The Black Rock Peak was the second largest peak in the Blue Cloud Sect. As a top disciple of the Black Rock Peak, it was impossible for him to not have the ambition to reach the peak. However, the strength of the personal disciples could not be underestimated. He had to preserve his trump card.
Unfortunately, Zhou Dan now understood that he could not keep this trump card!
Although Zhou Dan could have admitted defeat directly, it didn't matter if he lost one or two matches since he had maintained an undefeated record.
However, Zhou Dan couldn't do it. He was a gentleman, so how could he do something so opportunistic? What's more, his opponent was a Xiantian second stage martial artist. If he was really weak and lost to Luo Zheng, he could accept it! But to let him lose without a fight, this was not in line with his gentleman's way!
As soon as the "Thirteen Killing Formation" appeared, a murderous aura suddenly filled the entire arena. The huge murderous aura gave people a strong sense of oppression, as if they were in the Asura hell. Under the suppression of the murderous aura, the referee in the arena turned pale and quickly retreated from the arena. Only when the light curtain barrier blocked the murderous aura did his face recover a bit of color.
"Thirteen Killing Formation?" When Luo Zheng saw the "Kill" characters forming a formation that was oppressing him, his eyebrows slightly wrinkled.
This "Kill" character could erupt with such a strong power, and it could even reflect his own power. He also understood that this time, he could not be careless.
"Heavenly Devil Phantom! Come out! "
From behind Luo Zheng, suddenly, six purple-black shadows floated out.
These six Heavenly Devil Phantoms had different forms, but they looked like silhouettes of Luo Zheng's body. As soon as these Heavenly Devil Phantoms appeared, they rushed towards the "Thirteen Killing Formation".
The great formation formed by the "Kill" characters had terrifying power. The moment the first Heavenly Devil Phantom rushed up, the "Thirteen Killing Formation" began to slowly rotate, forming a strong strangling force in front of the "Thirteen Killing Formation", which entangled the Heavenly Devil Phantom.
However, how hard was the Heavenly Devil Phantom?
In the midst of the strangling force, there was a burst of sound like beans exploding.
"Cough, cough, cough, cough …"
It was like the sound of something hard being stuffed into the gears of a rotating windmill.
"Kacha, kacha …"
Cracks began to appear on the surface of the first Heavenly Devil Phantom, as if it was about to break, but at the same time, cracks also appeared on the surface of three "Kill" characters in the "Thirteen Killing Formation"!
Seeing this scene, Zhou Dan's complexion suddenly became very ugly.
He knew the power of the "Thirteen Killing Formation" best. After he had successfully cultivated the "Thirteen Killing Formation", he had experimented with many things.
At first, he tried strangling wood, and it was easily strangled into pieces. A solid piece of teak was strangled into wood dregs.
After experimenting with strangling wood, he tried strangling stone, and he also easily turned stone into powder.
After that, he strangled steel, mystic artifacts, and spirit artifacts …
In Zhou Dan's experiments, there was almost nothing that could withstand the strangling force of the "Thirteen Killing Formation".
However …
How could the Heavenly Devil Phantom summoned by Luo Zheng block it? Why!
Generally speaking, the objects that martial artists visualized using their vital essence could not be so hard!
This was also why most martial artists could transform their vital essence into sabers, swords, and other weapons, but they would still choose a real weapon in the end and not transform their vital essence into a weapon.
However, Mo Xiuyan was an exception. The cultivation method he practiced was very special, so he could condense a vital essence sword that was comparable to an immortal artifact. However, in the eyes of some martial artists, this was a strenuous and unrewarding task. Although it was possible to use vital essence to form a sword, it would consume a large amount of vital essence to maintain the sword. Moreover, Mo Xiuyan's sword that was comparable to an immortal artifact was not instantly formed. He still needed to condense thousands of weapons, and then condense them into a vital essence sword through various means. The process was troublesome and cumbersome.
Experts often exchanged blows in an instant. If you had an immortal artifact, you could use it to fight. The enemy would not give you such a long time to condense a vital essence sword.
This was also because the Mo family had declined. With the Mo family's financial resources, it was impossible for them to afford an immortal artifact. Therefore, Mo Xiuyan chose this method to make up for his weakness in weapons.
However, the vast majority of objects formed from vital essence were not good at defense. At least, they could not withstand the strangling force of Zhou Dan's "Thirteen Killing Formation"!
Even a spiritual artifact could be strangled by the "Thirteen Killing Formation". This could only mean that Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Phantom was as hard as an immortal artifact!
What Zhou Dan did not know was that Luo Zheng's Heavenly Devil Phantom was not visualized. To put it bluntly, there was a huge difference between it and an ordinary manifestation of vital essence. Luo Zheng only visualized one object, and that was the specks of starlight contained within the Heavenly Devil's vital essence. As for the Heavenly Devil Phantom, it was naturally condensed after cultivating the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》 to a certain extent.
"This is really a monster …"
After recovering from his shock, a bitter smile appeared on Zhou Dan's face. However, that bitter smile only lasted for a moment. As a top disciple of the Black Rock Peak, he could not admit defeat just because of this. Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom was indeed very strong, but he, Zhou Dan, had more than one trick up his sleeve.
Moreover, Zhou Dan was a Divine Reflection expert. His vital essence was far thicker and more durable than Luo Zheng's. He had the capital to continue this battle with Luo Zheng.
"Kacha …"
The three "Kill" words were finally completely shattered.
But at the same time, Luo Zheng's first Heavenly Devil Phantom also shattered.
In other words, the price of the three "Kill" words being shattered was only the loss of a single Heavenly Devil Phantom.
Zhou Dan had a total of thirteen "Kill" words. After three of them were shattered, there were only ten left. But a killing array formed from ten "Kill" words was definitely not as strong as the Thirteen Killing Arrays.
If the remaining "Kill" words were to be destroyed, then the remaining "Kill" words would be even more!
Zhou Dan naturally would not allow this to happen. He waved the brush in his hand and continued to write the "Kill" word. At worst, he would waste his time with Luo Zheng today. Let's see if he could last longer in the Xiantian second stage, or if Zhou Dan could last longer.
However, before Zhou Dan could write the word "kill", he saw the scene in front of him. Then, he saw another unbelievable scene.
The originally shattered Heavenly Devil Phantom turned into a dark purple vital essence. But soon, that dark purple vital essence began to automatically condense, restoring the original Heavenly Devil Phantom.
"This …"
Fortunately, Zhou Dan was a Confucian scholar and paid great attention to his image. He was not too surprised and lost his composure. Otherwise, his jaw would have dropped to the ground.
"This is too shameless …"
After thinking for a long time, Zhou Dan finally spat out these words.
For a martial artist, the transformation of vital essence was an irreversible process. For example, after Zhou Dan wrote a character with his vital essence, the role of this mass of vital essence was fixed. If this vital essence was broken by someone, or if it was automatically released by Zhou Dan, then it would disintegrate into a mass of heaven and earth origin energy, dissipating into the world.
This was also the reason why heaven and earth origin energy could be maintained.
When a person cultivated, they would absorb heaven and earth origin energy and condense it into vital essence within their body. After using it, they would return it to heaven and earth. This was an eternal and unchanging truth.
To put it bluntly, heaven and earth origin energy originally belonged to the good fortune of heaven and earth. If a human absorbed this origin energy for their own use, then they would be seizing the good fortune of heaven and earth.
Heaven and earth were generous. If they returned it after using it, then so be it. Otherwise, with so many people absorbing this origin energy, if they did not return it after using it, it would be a matter of time before it was used up!
Of course, humans did not have the means to imprison vital essence forever. After a person's vital essence took form, it would eventually disintegrate and return this good fortune to heaven and earth.
But what did he just see?
Luo Zheng's first Heavenly Devil Phantom was clearly shattered by his Thirteen Slaughter Array. Logically speaking, it should have turned into traces of vital essence, disintegrated, and disappeared into the world, returning it to heaven and earth!
But that Heavenly Devil Phantom did not disintegrate. Instead, after it disintegrated, it reformed into another Heavenly Devil Phantom.
This was simply too sensational!
If Zhou Dan could see this scene, then others could naturally see it as well.
Shi Jingtian, who understood the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》, was not that shocked. Although he was unable to cultivate the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》, he was clear about the various miraculous aspects of this saint level cultivation technique. He had seen others use it before. But Elder Xu was different. Elder Xu had only heard a few things about the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》, but he didn't expect that the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》 would have such a divine ability. Therefore, Elder Xu's face was blank at this moment, and he couldn't say a word.