Most of the disciples only had a superficial understanding of the world's good fortune, the rules of heaven and earth, sword intent, martial intent, and other mysterious things.
For example, what was sword intent? How was it formed? How to use it? These were difficult to comprehend, and even difficult to imagine. Otherwise, sword intent would not be so difficult to cultivate.
Although they did not understand the world's good fortune.
Most of the disciples present were at the Xiantian realm, and a small number of them had stepped into the Illuminating Spirit realm. Thus, they were quite knowledgeable about the manifestation of true essence.
After stepping into the Xiantian realm, one could condense true essence in their dantian, and then through "visualization", they could transform their true essence into various shapes.
As long as one had enough imagination, true essence could transform into anything.
For example, Zhou Dan's true essence could transform into a kind of black ink, which could be used to write with his brush.
Some people's true essence could transform into a dagger, or a broadsword, and some people could even transform their true essence into a house, which could shelter them from the wind and rain.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were not surprising at all. At first, no one took it seriously, and most of them felt that the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms that Luo Zheng had hastily summoned were certainly not comparable to Zhou Dan's Thirteen Slaughter Formation.
Even from a distance, one could feel the monstrous killing intent contained within the thirteen "Kill" characters. How could Luo Zheng, a puny Xiantian second stage true essence manifestation, resist it?
The result was far beyond everyone's expectations. Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were as hard as steel, and just one of them was able to block the strangling power of the Thirteen Slaughter Formation. Not only did it resist, but it even shattered Zhou Dan's three "Kill" characters.
This was really sensational!
If the casually condensed Heavenly Demon Phantoms were sensational, then the Heavenly Demon Phantoms that were smashed and then condensed again had reached an incomprehensible level. In their opinion, this was simply inconceivable.
"This, this true essence manifestation, and then condensed again, this, this … this is too shameless!"
"This Luo Zheng is abnormal, and his body is so tyrannical, but why are those figures so tyrannical? Is this guy really only at the Xiantian second stage? "
"I've said it before. Other people have trump cards, so why can't Luo Zheng have one too? It's just that Luo Zheng's cultivation is too low, so no one has investigated him. Because of this, no one knows anything about Luo Zheng's real trump card! "
"Trump cards aren't the problem. The problem is that there's something wrong with his trump cards! True Essence Transformation, shattering and reforming, have you heard of this before? Ever since I was a child, I've been training my fleshly body. Ever since I became a Xiantian lifeform, I've never seen anyone able to reform their Zhen Yuan after it was shattered! "
For a time, all kinds of discussions floated out.
In the camp on Lone Sky Peak, two tall young men stood at the very front. They were both looking at the battle arena with indifferent gazes.
One of the two youths was called Wu Xie, and the other was called Xie Yun. These two people could be said to be the stabilizing force of the Lone Sky Peak, and also the foundation that guaranteed the Lone Sky Peak to be ranked first among the 33 peaks.
Three years ago, they were ranked seventh and twelfth in the All-Peak Grand Competition. Three years later, they made a comeback. It was obvious what their goal was, to reach the top! In the group stage, the two of them had also maintained a perfect record of winning all the matches so far.
It had to be said that the Lone Sky Peak was indeed a place where monsters gathered. Having two genius disciples, Wu Xie and Xie Yun, was one thing, but now there was an even more abnormal Hua Tianming. These three people all had strength that didn't lose to those personal disciples. Therefore, the majority of people believed that the Lone Sky Peak would be able to sit firmly as the boss of the 33 peaks this year.
Wu Xie's appearance was ordinary, and he always had a faint smile on his face. When conversing with him, it seemed that one would never be able to guess his true thoughts. At this moment, Wu Xie suddenly turned his head and said with a smile, "Junior Brother Hua, what do you think?"
Hua Tianming's eyebrows slightly wrinkled. He stared at Luo Zheng on the battle arena, shook his head, and said, "I also can't understand. The cultivation method he cultivates seems to be of a higher level. I've never come into contact with anything of this level."
Wu Xie turned his head and was about to speak to Xie Yun.
"Even the peerlessly talented Junior Brother Hua doesn't understand. I also can't see anything. Wu Xie, don't ask me!" Xie Yun shook his head and said.
Although the three of them all came from the same peak, they still had a competitive relationship with each other. Especially in the All-Peak Grand Competition, if they encountered a powerful peak like the Black Rock Peak, the three of them would certainly do their best to deal with it. However, if they were unlucky, the three of them would be divided into opponents, and they wouldn't hold back either!
At their level of cultivation, winning or losing wasn't the key. However, if they held back, it would affect their state of mind to strive for first place.
Xie Yun and Hua Tianming both knew that Wu Xie was trying to get information from them. However, with Xie Yun's shrewdness, even if he really knew something, he wouldn't say it. On the other hand, Hua Tianming, who was younger and had absolute confidence in his own strength, thought for a moment before saying, "If my guess is correct, he should be cultivating a higher level cultivation method."
"A higher level cultivation method?" Hua Tianming's conclusion was clearly out of Xie Yun's expectations.
Hua Tianming nodded. "As everyone knows, the cultivation methods circulating in the Eastern Domain are roughly divided into Heaven, Earth, Black, and Yellow ranks. Some of these cultivation methods are passed down from the great aristocratic families, some are passed down from the Blue Cloud Sect, and some are passed down from generation to generation. Are the cultivation methods we cultivate limited to these four ranks? The Eastern Domain is only one of the five domains. Compared to the huge Central Domain, the Eastern Domain is only twenty to thirty percent of its size. The Blue Cloud Sect may be considered a giant in the Eastern Domain, but in the Central Domain, it's probably not outstanding. Then there's the problem. I don't believe that in such a large Central Domain, those giant sects don't have cultivation methods that exceed the Heaven, Earth, Black, and Fantasy ranks. I'm sure there are, but we don't know what cultivation methods are above the Heaven Rank! But all of this will have to wait until we leave the Eastern Domain and experience the outside world before we can uncover it. "
Hua Tianming's words silenced Xie Yun.
Xie Yun had always been unconvinced by Hua Tianming's sudden appearance of a genius.
Xie Yun and Wu Xie had always been each other's opponents. They had fought countless times in the arena, and both had victories and defeats. Suddenly, Hua Tianming appeared from Tianyi Peak. This person was young and only had the cultivation of Xiantian Full Circle, but he could contend with a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse.
Because of this, Xie Yun had tried to suppress Hua Tianming several times and invited him to fight in the arena. However, Hua Tianming had always avoided the challenge. Because of this, some rumors had spread on Tianyi Peak. These rumors said that Hua Tianming's strength was only thirty percent, and the other seventy percent was just boasting.
However, the battles before the Full-Peak Grand Competition had dispelled this rumor. Not only that, but now that he heard Hua Tianming's words, Xie Yun was even more shocked.
Xie Yun only had eyes for the Blue Cloud Sect and the Eastern Domain. He had imagined his own life path. Perhaps he would cultivate in the Blue Cloud Sect for the rest of his life and eventually become a Perfected Person, or even an Elder. Another way out was to join the Imperial Army and fight against the Demon Clan, becoming a general on horseback through experience.
However, he had never thought of leaving the Eastern Domain.
The Eastern Domain was already very big and could accommodate him.
However, Hua Tianming was different. Although he had entered the Blue Cloud Sect and become a star in the Blue Cloud Sect, he wasn't satisfied at all. His goal wasn't the Eastern Domain, but the entire outside world!
A person's vision was like a box, and the person in the box was like a flea constantly jumping up. Therefore, a person's vision determined how high they could jump.
Xie Yun's vision was only in the Eastern Domain, but Hua Tianming's vision was the entire world. Even if Xie Yun felt that Hua Tianming's current strength might not be as good as his, Hua Tianming's achievements in the end would probably be much higher than Xie Yun's!
After listening to Hua Tianming's words, Xie Yun and Wu Xie both fell silent. Meanwhile, the battle in the arena was becoming more and more intense.
Facing Luo Zheng's almost shameless Heavenly Devil Phantom, Zhou Dan's pressure suddenly increased by several times.
He constantly waved the ink brush in his hand, and one "Kill" Formula after another emerged from his pen, circling and replenishing the Thirteen Kills Formation.
At first, this method was still quite effective. Although a few of the "Kill" Formulas would be destroyed when they strangled the Heavenly Devil Phantom, it wasn't much of a problem for Zhou Dan, who had a deep reserve of True Essence. Wasn't it just True Essence? He had only consumed ten percent of the True Essence in his body, so it wasn't a big deal. As long as he slowly replenished it, it would be fine.
However, after a while, Zhou Dan had to face a new problem.
Luo Zheng had more than one Heavenly Devil Phantom, but he only needed one to deal with Zhou Dan's Thirteen Kills Formation. The remaining five Heavenly Devil Phantoms split into two groups, one of which went to intercept Zhou Dan's "Kill" Formula. There was still some distance between when Zhou Dan wrote the "Kill" Formula and when it merged into the Thirteen Kills Formation. Two Heavenly Devil Phantoms stood in the middle, preventing the "Kill" Formula from entering the Thirteen Kills Formation.
Without the Thirteen Kills Formation's power amplification, the "Kill" Formula alone wasn't a match for the Heavenly Devil Phantom. With a powerful collision, the "Kill" Formula that had fallen behind exploded, but the Heavenly Devil Phantom itself was not damaged at all. This was even more proof of the Heavenly Devil Phantom's power. Only under the powerful strangling power of the Thirteen Kills Formula could the Heavenly Devil Phantom be destroyed. Moreover, it could even destroy a few of the "Kill" Formulas. If it was a one-on-one battle, the two of them weren't even on the same level.
Zhou Dan was depressed. If the Thirteen Kills Formula couldn't be replenished, the formation would break soon.