Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
The Heavenly Fiend Phantom's attacks were extremely fast. Under two rounds of attacks from the three Heavenly Fiend Phantoms, one of the "Defense" words beside Zhou Dan cracked and disintegrated. He only had five "Defense" words beside him, and they could at most deal with eight or nine rounds of attacks from the Heavenly Fiend Phantom.
And with the Heavenly Fiend Phantom's attack speed, it would not take long for all of his "Defense" words to be completely destroyed. If the Heavenly Fiend Phantom crashed into him, Zhou Dan doubted if he would be able to withstand a round of attacks!
At this moment, Zhou Dan was really flustered. He had to write the 'Kill' word and 'Defend' word at the same time. Although Zhou Dan was an expert in calligraphy and his cursive writing was already at the level of a master, he couldn't care so much now that he was dancing like a dragon and dancing like a phoenix. Every word that he wrote was crooked and didn't have the feeling of being vigorous and powerful.
Normally, Zhou Dan would definitely not write such substandard words. At this moment, he had pushed his quintessential essence to the limit. Why would he care if he wrote well?
Even if Zhou Dan pushed his writing speed to the limit, it was completely unable to keep up with the rate of depletion. The "Kill" words in the Thirteen Kills formation were decreasing one by one, and the "Defense" words were also being worn down one by one.
"There's only the last" Defense "word left!"
This "Defense" word could only withstand two rounds of attacks from the Heavenly Fiend Phantom, and with the Heavenly Fiend Phantom's attack speed, it would probably break this "Defense" word in less than a breath's time.
At this moment, Zhou Dan no longer had that calm and collected appearance. He gritted his teeth, and there was a trace of hesitation in his heart.
For this Peak Wide Competition, he had prepared for a long time. At the same time, he had also comprehended an extremely powerful move. But this move was originally intended to be used against those personal disciples.
The sooner he revealed his trump card, the lower his chances of winning the Peak Wide Competition.
After this move of his was exposed, it would definitely attract the attention of those personal disciples, and they would think of a countermeasure. This was the reason why Zhou Dan was hesitating.
"Admit defeat?"
Admitting defeat would only end his winning streak, and he would still have a chance to win it back.
However, Zhou Dan immediately rejected this idea. With the Way of the Gentleman that he cultivated, he would absolutely not allow such a situation to occur. He was full of righteousness and would not take a detour because of the dangers of the world. If he gave up because of this idea and admitted defeat, it would probably become a demon in his heart for the rest of his life. If he could not forgive himself, how could he cultivate the Way of the Gentleman in the future?
Sigh …
"I never thought that I would be forced to use this move in the group stage." Zhou Dan suddenly let out a deep sigh.
At that moment, the aura within Zhou Dantian's body suddenly surged. Even that sigh gave people an endless feeling of oppression. Then, an overwhelming will burst from his body.
Zhou Dan casually added a Defense Formula. Then, with a brush in her hand, she began to write in the air.
At this moment, Zhou Dan was not writing one word at a time, but a series of words. If there was a knowledgeable person, they would be able to recognize what he was writing.
There was righteousness in heaven and earth, which gave rise to manifold. Below were rivers and mountains, while above were the sun and stars. To others, it was said to be vast and boundless, filling the firmament. The Emperor's Road cleared the barbarians, Hanhe spat out the Court …
"It's the Song of Righteousness! Zhou Dan is writing the Song of Righteousness! "
"Overwhelming righteousness. I heard that Zhou Dan was cultivating in seclusion, trying to comprehend the overwhelming righteousness in the Song of Righteousness. Originally, when I heard about it, I thought it was inconceivable. That overwhelming righteousness was like sword intent, saber intent, martial intent, and the like. Moreover, it was more illusory and ethereal than them. Wanting to comprehend it was much more difficult. I never thought that he would really comprehend it!"
"It's getting more and more exciting. Come on, Zhou Dan. Defeat Luo Zheng. I'm betting everything on you!"
Because Luo Zheng had been suppressing Zhou Dan after summoning the Heavenly Demon Phantom, everyone was originally very depressed. According to this situation, Zhou Dan would not be able to escape the fate of losing.
But they never thought that when Zhou Dan only had a single Defense Formula left, he would write the Song of Righteousness!
Luo Zheng was originally controlling the Heavenly Demon Phantom, concentrating on breaking Zhou Dan's defense. But at this moment, he suddenly felt an enormous power emanating from Zhou Dan's body!
This power was not fierce, but it was very heavy. It was as if the power of the world had gathered, and it suddenly pressed down on Luo Zheng. For a moment, Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were affected, and his control became slightly slower.
"Song of Righteousness?" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly, and his expression became dignified.
Sure enough, the strength of the top 100 disciples on the Azure Sky Proclamation was not to be underestimated! But that's fine. Since it's like this, let me fight you to my heart's content! Facing the suppression of the overwhelming righteousness, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest fear. Instead, his eyes flashed with a little bit of light, and a turbulent aura was emitted from his body.
Zhou Dan's eyes were empty, and he no longer cared about the Heavenly Demon Phantoms beside him. The words he wrote with the brush became more and more powerful. The cursive script was like a flying bird startling a snake, like a phoenix soaring in the sky, and like a dragon startling the bones and muscles!
After three breaths of time, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms did not break through his Defense Formula, but the Song of Righteousness was completed!
"Done!"
Zhou Dan put away the brush, and the brush in his hand gently moved, drawing the final stroke that seemed to be the finishing touch.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz …"
The entire Song of Righteousness floated beside Zhou Dan, constantly vibrating and buzzing. The words that were originally written with black ink gradually emitted rays of golden light.
At this moment, Zhou Dan was like a great saint from ancient times. The aura he emitted was enough to make people bow down to him, and they could not produce the slightest bit of resistance.
Zhou Dan's gaze swept across the Heavenly Demon Phantoms, and he casually pointed a finger, and a golden light suddenly shot out from the Song of Righteousness! It was this light that directly pierced through the Heavenly Demon Phantoms!
"Pa-da!"
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms exploded in an instant, but immediately after, they transformed into rays of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence and reformed.
"I don't believe that just a little bit of True Origin can make it indestructible. Even if it's broken a certain number of times, it shouldn't be able to recover …" Zhou Dan said indifferently. Then, he flicked his fingers and pointed randomly.
Under Zhou Dan's control, rays of golden light shot towards the Heavenly Demon Phantoms. After being shattered time and time again, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms stubbornly recovered their original state.
Facing Zhou Dan's attack, Luo Zheng's mind was also spinning rapidly.
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms naturally could not be immortal!
Between heaven and earth, everything was affected by the laws of time. A person's life would come to an end. Connate lifeforms had long lives, but at most, they could not live past three hundred years. No matter how long a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator's lifespan was, it could only live for a mere five hundred years. Profound artifacts could be preserved for a hundred years, spirit artifacts for five hundred years, and immortal artifacts for several thousand years.
But …
Compared to this world's tens of millions, hundreds of millions, or even billions of years of history, it was but the blink of an eye, a mere fragment of time.
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms were continuously shattered and restored, shattered and restored again …
The Heavenly Demon Vital Essence contained within was constantly being consumed. If the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence was exhausted to a certain extent, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms would not be able to escape the fate of disintegration!
How could he break his Song of Righteousness?
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth as he looked at the rows of flamboyant characters. With a thought, he directed the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms to charge towards the Song of Righteousness.
Opposite him, Zhou Dan was unmoved. He methodically extracted the Righteous Spirit from the Song of Righteousness and attacked the Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
Every time the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms flew a certain distance, they would be shattered. However, the distance between them and the Song of Righteousness would always be reduced. Just like that, with great difficulty, they finally reached the Song of Righteousness.
Zhou Dan was somewhat puzzled by Luo Zheng's actions.
Once the Song of Righteousness was formed, it contained an endless amount of Righteous Spirit. Moreover, the characters on the surface of the Song of Righteousness were plated with a layer of golden light. This layer of golden light was also formed by the Righteous Spirit and was used to protect the Song of Righteousness.
If Luo Zheng wanted to use the Heavenly Demon Phantoms to break the Song of Righteousness, it was simply a pipe dream!
Out of confidence in the Song of Righteousness, Zhou Dan did not even move the Song of Righteousness in front of him. He only focused on crushing the Heavenly Demon Phantoms with his fingers.
However, after those Heavenly Demon Phantoms were shattered, they did not reform into new Heavenly Demon Phantoms. Instead, they turned into streams of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence.
"It's finally going to disintegrate?" Zhou Dan thought indifferently. However, what happened next caused Zhou Dan's expression to change.
The streams of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence did not disintegrate. At the same time, they did not reform into Heavenly Demon Vital Essence. Instead, they wrapped around the characters of the Song of Righteousness.
If they had simply turned into Vital Essence and wrapped around the characters, it would not have caused Zhou Dan's expression to change.
The layer of golden light on the surface of the Song of Righteousness was formed by the Righteous Spirit. It was difficult for swords and sabers to damage it. Even immortal weapons would not be able to break it.
However, after the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence wrapped around it, it actually swallowed the golden light layer by layer!
"Swallowed? How is this possible!" Zhou Dan immediately panicked. He naturally did not expect Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Vital Essence to have this kind of ability. It was able to swallow his Song of Righteousness. Seeing that the golden light on the surface of the Song of Righteousness was slowly dimming, it was obvious that the Song of Righteousness would really be swallowed soon …
Zhou Dan suddenly looked at Luo Zheng. It seemed that he should not have tangled with these Heavenly Demon Phantoms for too long. He should have quickly used the Song of Righteousness to defeat Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng was defeated, these Heavenly Demon Phantoms would collapse on their own.
Zhou Dan, who finally understood, stretched out his hand. A thick and large golden light shot out from the Song of Righteousness. That golden light was at least five times larger than the one that destroyed the Heavenly Demon Phantoms. That golden light went straight for Luo Zheng.
Facing Zhou Dan's direct attack, Luo Zheng did not dare to underestimate it. He exerted strength in his feet and his entire body turned into a gust of wind, suddenly dodging to the side!
＝＝＝＝＝