The power of the golden light from the Song of Righteousness was even more terrifying than Luo Zheng had imagined.
The golden light almost brushed past Luo Zheng's back. Although it didn't hit Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could feel the power contained within the golden light.
This overwhelming righteousness was so terrifying!
If this golden light had hit him, Luo Zheng had no doubt that it would have run through his body.
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng was very confident in the strength of his body. Unless he was facing an old monster like Mo Xiuyan who had been in the Divine Reflection Realm for many years, he wouldn't dare take his attack head-on.
It was obvious that Zhou Dan had the strength to match Mo Xiuyan after writing the Song of Righteousness.
However, it was very difficult to make such a comparison between martial artists because Zhou Dan was very likely to display his strongest strength. On the other hand, when Luo Zheng was in the Mok Province, Mo Xiuyan didn't display his strongest strength. Overall, the pressure that Mo Xiuyan gave Luo Zheng was still stronger than Zhou Dan's.
After all, Zhou Dan and Mo Xiuyan were both Divine Reflection Realm experts, but Zhou Dan should have just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, while Mo Xiuyan should be in the late Divine Reflection Realm.
The golden light didn't hit Luo Zheng, but instead shot directly at the light barrier. The light barrier blocked the sharp golden light for about a breath of time, but it still couldn't stop the golden light. A ripple appeared on the surface of the light barrier, and then it was penetrated by the golden light.
"Pop!"
After penetrating the light barrier, the golden light didn't stop there. It shot towards the Vulture Peak camp, brushing past the ear of a disciple, and left a black hole in the ground. It didn't know how many feet it went into the ground …
The Vulture Peak disciple's face was deathly pale. He stood there in a daze, unable to speak. If the golden light had been just a little bit more to the side, it was likely that it would have directly pierced through his head and his head would have exploded.
In the Peak Wide Competition, it wasn't uncommon for people to be affected by the aftershocks of the battle field, and even pay with their lives.
The Vulture Peak instructor also panicked. He hurriedly ordered his disciples to retreat. If the golden light broke through the light barrier again, his disciples wouldn't be so lucky.
The faces of the several Daoist Masters in the arena changed greatly. If they were affected by the True Essence in the arena and caused the disciples outside to be seriously injured, this could be considered an accident. They joined forces and poured their True Essence into the light curtain enchantment. Suddenly, the thickness of the light curtain enchantment increased a lot.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, how could Zhou Dan care about these things?
The Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence was continuously devouring the Song of Morality. He had to defeat Luo Zheng before the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence completely devoured the Song of Morality. Otherwise, he would lose!
Rays of golden light burst out from the Song of Righteousness, and Luo Zheng was like a cheetah in the wilderness, constantly jumping, rolling, and dodging.
Both of them were fighting for the last chance.
If Zhou Dan hit Luo Zheng, then Luo Zheng would be defeated without a doubt. Luo Zheng only needed to resist this round of golden light attack, and his Heavenly Demon True Essence would be able to devour the Song of Righteousness. That was Zhou Dan's last hope. As long as it was devoured, it would mean that Luo Zheng had won!
"Pop, pop, pop …"
Golden light shot out one after another, but they all narrowly passed by Luo Zheng and hit the light barrier, making dull sounds. Some of the golden light shot into the ground, directly leaving small holes of unknown depth.
Zhou Dan became more and more anxious. The golden light shot out faster and faster, and the pressure on Luo Zheng also became greater and greater.
"Phoenix Soaring Crystal, open all the energy!"
Luo Zheng had already pushed the energy of the Phoenix Soaring Crystal to the maximum limit. His whole body's strength also erupted. His whole body moved and dodged in the limited space of the arena, leaving behind afterimages. Every golden light could only hit his afterimage!
But under the pressure of the golden light, Luo Zheng finally dodged to a corner.
"Damn it! This is a blind spot! "
Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed. Golden light shot from left, right, and above. Even though he was so fast, Zhou Dan could still determine Luo Zheng's blind spot.
It could be said that Luo Zheng now had nowhere to hide. The only way was to rush toward Zhou Dan.
However, if Luo Zheng were to face Zhou Dan directly … as long as Zhou Dan added another golden light, Luo Zheng would lose without a doubt!
"There's no other way. I can only take the risk!"
At this moment, there was no time for Luo Zheng to think. He stamped his feet, and his whole body turned into a sharp arrow, shooting forward rapidly.
Zhou Dan's face revealed a faint smile. Luo Zheng's speed was indeed very fast, but he had a very big shortcoming: he lacked variables.
But this lack of variables couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng, because Luo Zheng hadn't practiced any movement skills until now.
Therefore, although Luo Zheng's speed was fast, Zhou Dan had already predicted the direction Luo Zheng would dodge in advance. Under the arrangement in advance, Zhou Dan had forced Luo Zheng into a corner.
In the next step, Luo Zheng would inevitably rush toward Zhou Dan if he couldn't dodge. Zhou Dan had already calculated that as long as Zhou Dan blocked his front, Luo Zheng would have no way to escape, and he would lose for sure!
"I didn't expect it to be so difficult to win …" Zhou Dan sighed, and then shot out the last golden light. This golden light blocked Luo Zheng's last path.
However, just when Zhou Dan thought the fight was over, Luo Zheng suddenly used a strange footwork!
Sword Steps!
Luo Zheng indeed hadn't practiced any movement skills, and strictly speaking, sword steps were considered half a movement skill.
When Zhou Dan saw Luo Zheng use sword steps, his pupils suddenly shrank! It wasn't that he didn't know Luo Zheng knew sword steps. Before Luo Zheng and Zhuge Xi's fight, he was also present, and the battle at that time was still vivid in his mind.
However, Luo Zheng's sword steps didn't attract Zhou Dan's attention, because Zhou Dan wasn't a swordsman, and didn't understand the mystery of sword steps. Like most people, he thought that Luo Zheng's sword steps were just acrobatics!
Moreover, in the previous fight between Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan, he didn't use sword steps at all. In the tense battle, Zhou Dan had long forgotten about sword steps.
At this time, seeing Luo Zheng suddenly use sword steps, Zhou Dan's heart suddenly sank.
Luo Zheng's strength was already beyond doubt, and since he used sword steps, it meant that he had been planning for a long time.
Sure enough, after Luo Zheng took a strange step diagonally forward, his body also twisted and turned, and suddenly bypassed the last golden light. After that, Luo Zheng continued to attack Zhou Dan with extremely strange steps.
At the same time, the layer of golden light on the surface of the "Righteous Song" was finally worn away by the Sky Demon Vital Essence, and then the entire "Righteous Song" was swallowed by the Sky Demon Vital Essence …
Zhou Dan didn't have time to marvel at the speed at which the Sky Demon Vital Essence swallowed the "Righteous Song". What he had to face was Luo Zheng's innate strength!
It had to be said that even in the face of a crushing defeat, Zhou Dan still maintained the demeanor of a modest gentleman. He stood in place, not panicking in the face of danger. He slightly arched his body, and continued to wave the brush in his hand, continuously writing the word "defense" in the air.
But how fast was Luo Zheng's attack speed?
Zhou Dan's "defense" word was like a dam on the verge of collapse, and in an instant, it was destroyed by Luo Zheng's torrent-like fist.
After breaking Zhou Dan's "defense" word, Luo Zheng's fist went straight for Zhou Dan's face.
Zhou Dan already knew that the situation was hopeless, and actually closed his eyes, not dodging or dodging.
But Luo Zheng's fist finally stopped in front of Zhou Dan, less than an inch away from Zhou Dan's nose.
"I'll give you a chance to admit defeat," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Zhou Dan opened his eyes, smiled slightly, and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, even when you have the upper hand, you're still forgiving. You have the demeanor of a gentleman! I, Zhou Dan, admit defeat! "After saying this, he turned to the referee not far away and said," This match, I've lost! "
A loss was a loss, and he had to lose openly and uprightly. This was Zhou Dan's way of being a gentleman!
It would be good if he could win, but if he really lost, he didn't care about it. He didn't want everything to go according to his wishes, but he wanted to have a clear conscience!
After hearing Zhou Dan's words, the referee immediately announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, wins. Black Rock Peak, Zhou Dan, loses!"
"He lost just like that? So fast? " The final confrontation between Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan only lasted for a moment, and Luo Zheng's reversal speed was also extremely fast, so many disciples didn't even have time to react.
"What do you know? Zhou Dan's way of being a gentleman is about a gentleman's game, and stopping when it's appropriate. Moreover, with Zhou Dan's temperament, if he admitted defeat, then he definitely wouldn't be able to beat Luo Zheng! "
"Ah ah ah … I got points! I've lost more than eight hundred points! " A disciple showed an extremely painful expression. More than eight hundred points, that was more than one thousand and six hundred crystal stones. Even for a noble family disciple, it was quite a large amount of assets. He had bet on Zhou Dan, and now he had nothing!
At this moment, the happiest and the happiest ones were not Luo Zheng, nor Mentor Wen, nor Xiao Feng, but those who bet on Luo Zheng!
For example, Zhao Zhao of the Nine Zhang Peak. His wild laughter kept echoing on the Nine Zhang Peak. Most of the inner disciples thought he was stupid, but they didn't dare to say that to his face. After all, Zhao Zhao's strength was still very strong. He didn't participate in the Peak Competition, and now his strength was the strongest except for the group of people who participated in the Peak Competition.
Although Zhao Zhao also felt that it was very idiotic for him to stand there and laugh wildly, at this moment, he was so happy that he couldn't help but laugh!
One thousand and two hundred crystal stones, and the odds were one to nine! Luo Zheng won this round, and his value soared nine times, which meant that he now had more than ten thousand crystal stones. Ten thousand crystal stones, if it was in the past, Zhao Zhao wouldn't even dare to imagine such a huge amount of money, but now he had it!
Ten thousand crystal stones, just thinking about it made Zhao Zhao's breath quicken.
Continue to bet on Luo Zheng? Now that Luo Zheng had defeated Zhou Dan, the odds would definitely decrease. After all, this was a hard fight, and Luo Zheng had fully proved his strength. No banker would be stupid enough to give Luo Zheng a higher odds, or else the banker would lose so much money that he wouldn't even have pants to wear.
Even if the odds were one to two, his ten thousand crystal stones would become twenty thousand crystal stones …