It was not easy for Luo Zheng to win this battle, but in this battle, Luo Zheng did not use his full strength, and only used the 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》.
The fighting effect of the Heavenly Devil Phantom was surprisingly good, and even Luo Zheng himself was a little surprised. Although he had planned to use 《Heavenly Devil God Fist》 after entering the next round of the competition, but if he encountered someone like Zhou Dan, he would definitely not be able to resist by relying only on his body and absolute strength.
As for the disciples of Xiao Yufeng, they were pleasantly surprised that Luo Zheng was able to defeat Zhou Dan, but Luo Zheng's consecutive victories had overturned their guesses, and Luo Zheng's monstrous performance had already made them somewhat numb.
So when Luo Zheng came down, Mentor Wen had already made up some congratulatory words in his mind, but in the end, he just laughed and grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder, "Luo Zheng, you are really our Xiao Yufeng's lucky star!"
Perhaps it was because of Luo Zheng that the fate of Little Rain Peak had been completely changed. From being at the bottom of the thirty-three peaks, it had leaped to the top of the thirty-three peaks. It was just like how Luo Yan had led Jade Maiden Peak to surpass one peak after another, all the way until Jade Maiden Peak was ranked second among the thirty-three peaks!
Now, everyone did not have too many doubts about Luo Zheng's strength.
Previously, Zhou Dan was different from Zhuge Xi.
Zhuge Xi was admittedly in the Divine Reflection realm, but Zhuge Xi belonged to the weaker category of the Divine Reflection realm.
But who was Zhou Dan? She was the top disciple of Black Rock Peak! Black Rock Peak was also the second top peak! This showed that Luo Zheng already had the strength to rank at the top of the Blue Cloud Sect's inner court!
No matter when, there would always be doubts.
"Maybe Zhou Dan went easy on him?" A disciple unwillingly asked.
As soon as this sentence was said, a large group of people around looked at him as if he was an idiot.
How could Zhou Dan go easy on him? What's more, even if she went easy on him, why would she go easy on a Xiantian second stage martial artist? It was impossible even if one used their toes to think about it. Furthermore, Zhou Dan cultivated the path of a gentleman and had a clear conscience. It was even more impossible for him to purposely admit defeat.
Zhou Dan had even used his strongest killing move, the Song of Righteousness, but he still couldn't defeat Luo Zheng. One could imagine Luo Zheng's strength.
Round after round of matches, the group competition finally came to an end. Luo Zheng still had two matches. One was against a Xiantian Full Circle opponent, and the other was against a Divine Reflection Realm opponent. Both opponents chose to admit defeat without exception.
What a joke. How could they possibly be a match for someone who even Zhou Dan could not handle? If the two of them had met Zhou Dan, they would have admitted defeat immediately. Now that they had met Luo Zheng, they admitted defeat even more straightforwardly.
After the end of the group competition, more than half of the six hundred disciples who participated in the competition were eliminated. Now, there were less than two hundred people left.
The next round of the competition was a rotation competition!
The system of the Transmigration Competition was very similar to the group competition, but the biggest difference was the personal disciples who joined.
The strength of the personal disciples had always been like a legend in the Blue Cloud Sect.
So far, the vast majority of the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Sect Competition were won by the personal disciples. In exaggerated cases, they even directly took the first place and the tenth place! Just from this point alone, one could imagine how terrifying the personal disciples were!
After the battle just now, Luo Zheng lay on the ground and meditated to rest.
Although Luo Zheng's physique had an extremely strong recovery ability, he had to take out his peak state to meet every battle in the All-Sect Competition. Moreover, in the next battle, he was very likely to face a personal disciple.
In the first round of the Transmigration Competition, a personal disciple came out to fight.
This time, it was a young man in a yellow robe. The young man had short hair, a shaved forehead, and a pair of triangular eyes revealed a fierce aura.
"It's Wang Yun!"
"Wang Yun came out in the first battle. This year's All-Sect Competition is really interesting!"
"Since Wang Yun participated in the All-Sect Competition with the strength of Xiantian second stage three years ago, he disappeared from the Blue Cloud Sect. I didn't expect that he would appear again three years later! I don't know how much his cultivation has improved! "
"Hey, so what if he has improved? Before Luo Zheng appeared, Wang Yun was indeed very amazing. With the strength of Xiantian second stage, he was able to enter the top 100, which was rare in the Blue Cloud Sect. But now, Luo Zheng is also at Xiantian second stage, and he has defeated Zhou Dan and entered the top 50. The gap between the top 100 and the top 50 is not small. After the top 100, it is relatively easy to advance dozens of places, but after the top 50, it is extremely difficult to move one place forward. In my opinion, Wang Yun should not have entered Luo Zheng! "
"You are right. In the past, Wang Yun was not as good as Luo Zheng, but now, after three years of cultivation, Wang Yun has also entered the Illuminating Spirit realm. In the past, when he was at Xiantian second stage, he was able to fight against opponents of higher realms. How can Luo Zheng be his opponent? "
Perhaps it was because they were both at Xiantian second stage, but most of the people were almost instinctively comparing Luo Zheng and Wang Yun.
Those noisy remarks entered Wang Yun's ears, and he slowly walked to the edge of the ring and stared at Luo Zheng with his sharp eyes: "Luo Zheng, I want to fight with you!"
Everyone had not expected that Wang Yun would be so sharp. They had just compared the two and Wang Yun had already challenged Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was at Xiantian second stage, and Wang Yun had already broken through to the Illuminating Spirit realm. Presumably, his strength was at the top among the Illuminating Spirit realm disciples, and challenging Luo Zheng was a bit shameless.
"Luo Zheng, don't accept!" Mentor Wen lowered his voice and said. He did not dare to offend Wang Yun. Although Mentor Wen was Xiao Yufeng's mentor, but in terms of status, Wang Yun's master was either a Daoist master or an elder. His status was far beyond Mentor Wen's.
Luo Zheng looked at Wang Yun without fear and said indifferently: "Whether I fight or not, I will follow the arrangement of the Blue Cloud Sect. The All-Peak Competition is conducted according to the rules. If you and I are assigned to fight, I will naturally not refuse."
"Are you afraid? Don't worry, I will not let others say that I am bullying the weak. I will suppress my cultivation to the Xiantian level and have a fair fight with you! "Wang Yun continued to say.
"Ha!" Hearing Wang Yun's words, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly ignited. "I'm afraid? Wang Yun, do you know what fairness is? I still say the same thing. You don't need to suppress your cultivation. If you are assigned to fight with me, I will naturally defeat you! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, whether it was Xiao Yufeng or the disciples of the other peaks, they all took a deep breath.
At the same time, the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the 33 peaks sitting next to Xin Gui also took a deep breath. Although these disciples could only see Wang Yun on the fighting field through Xin Gui and could not see Luo Zheng from this angle, his words were transmitted to Xin Gui without missing a word.
They did not expect that Wang Yun would challenge Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was not afraid at all and even dared to speak so arrogantly. He was only at the Xiantian second stage. How confident did he have to be to say such words?
In any case, Luo Zheng's words had already been spoken.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a strange color appeared on Wang Yun's face. That color only flashed for a moment and then he said: "Okay! If you are not eliminated in the Transmigration Competition, we will have a chance to fight in the end. But if you are eliminated before meeting me, it means that you are not qualified to fight with me at all! "
Wang Yun's words were also very arrogant. One should know that Wang Yun also had to face many pro-disciples, but the logic behind his words was: I can't be eliminated!
Wang Yun indeed had the qualifications to be arrogant. After all, three years ago, he had shown a terrifying fighting strength. At the same time, he had also experienced the feeling of powerlessness when facing a Xiantian second stage powerhouse. Now that Wang Yun had made a comeback, he naturally had full confidence in facing a powerhouse of the same level as him.
"Wang Yun, please pay attention to one thing. Your current opponent is me!"
Wang Yun and Luo Zheng were talking, but at this moment, behind Wang Yun, there was a person with a gloomy face.
This person was called Pu Xingyu. Pu Xingyu was a top disciple of Huan Ling Peak and was also a powerhouse of the Illuminating God realm.
Huan Ling Peak was ranked fifth among the 33 peaks, so its strength was naturally not weak. As a top existence of Huan Ling Peak, Pu Xingyu was also a proud and arrogant person.
But after Wang Yun stepped on the stage, he did not even fight with him. Instead, he actually challenged a Xiantian second stage guy to a fight. He completely regarded him as nothing. How could Pu Xingyu endure this? Didn't this mean that Wang Yun did not regard him as an opponent at all? Instead, he regarded Luo Zheng as an opponent?
Zhou Dan had lost to Luo Zheng, but Pu Xingyu did not think that he would lose to Luo Zheng!
Hearing Pu Xingyu's words, Wang Yun turned his head and immediately grinned, "My opponent is you?"
"Yes!" Pu Xingyu nodded and took out a golden fan from Wang Yun's hand. This fan was also a high-grade spirit tool. Its whole body was shining with a brilliant golden light and its surface was covered with a layer of gold. It was very exquisite and beautiful. After the fan was unfolded, the edges of the fan were as sharp as a blade. If one was cut by this fan, then it would be more painful than being cut by a blade.
"Well." After Wang Yun finished speaking, he suddenly stepped forward and walked towards Pu Xingyu.
Although Pu Xingyu was annoyed that Wang Yun did not put him in his eyes, but he did not slack off in front of Wang Yun. After all, Wang Yun was also a famous figure in the past. When he was at the Xiantian second stage, he had swept away more than half of the people on the Clear Sky Ranking List. Now that he had reached the Divine Reflection realm, his strength could only be described as unfathomable.
Therefore, Pu Xingyu chose to gain the initiative by striking first. He gently swung the golden fan, and the entire golden fan completely unfolded. Then, he stretched out his hand and waved it.
"Huhu … …"
The golden fan spun in Pu Xingyu's hand at an extremely fast speed, and while it was spinning, it pulled out a Zhen Yuan from the surroundings of the golden fan.
Pu Xingyu's Zhen Yuan was very special. He seemed to be visualizing a very sharp object, so the Zhen Yuan pulled out by the golden fan did not turn into a specific object. Instead, it turned into a golden thread. The golden thread was thinner than the thinnest thread. If it were not for the golden light reflecting from the sun, it would be almost impossible to see it with the naked eye.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was also watching the battle with wide eyes. He had experienced this kind of attack before. It was during the Bloody Mountain Trial, when Fang Yushu used a spirit tool to pull out those invincible energy threads. At that time, Luo Zheng was cut and bruised all over by those energy threads.
The power of the golden thread pulled out by Pu Xingyu was indeed much stronger than the thin threads made by Fang Yushu. He just did not know how Wang Yun would deal with it!