Pu Xingyu's silk threads were distributed in a regular pattern, like a spider's web. This web was called "Sky Snare".
In normal battles, Pu Xingyu would try his best to force his opponents into this net. Anyone who stepped into this net made of golden threads would be cut into pieces by this net.
Because this move was too bloody, Pu Xingyu hadn't used it in the previous battles. But now, facing a personal disciple, Pu Xingyu didn't dare to be careless. He knew that if he slacked off in the slightest, the person lying on the ground would be him!
Pu Xingyu thought that with Wang Yun's talent, he might be able to find a way to break his Inescapable Net. However, Wang Yun was too arrogant. He actually walked into his net without the slightest scruple. And inside the Inescapable Net, there were almost no flaws!
Since you walked into the web, don't blame me! A sneer appeared on Pu Xingyu's face. Anyone who dared to look down on him had paid the price with blood. Wang Yun, so what if your talent is outstanding? I'll make you pay even more.
With this in mind, Pu Xingyu gently tugged at the fan in his hand as one of the golden threads moved. Every golden thread was connected together with a special technique. As the saying went, pulling a single thread would move the entire body. When he tugged at the golden thread, all the golden threads on the huge net began to move and intertwine. Finally, they formed a huge net that surrounded Wang Yun!
Seeing this scene, everyone's face revealed a nervous expression.
These golden threads were as thin as hair, but extremely tough. It could be said that each golden thread represented an unparalleled sharp sword that could easily cut through the hardest bones of a person!
"Even if it's a spiritual weapon, my Sky Snare can cut it open, let alone a fragile body. Wang Yun, although you've been secretly cultivating for three years, can you block my Sky Snare?" As the Sky Snare began to close in, the space left for Wang Yun was getting smaller and smaller.
Wang Yun originally walked over at an extremely slow speed, but now he stopped. His gaze was indifferent as he looked at the net that was constantly closing in. Then, he looked at Pu Xingyu with a faint smile on his face.
This smile contained many things: contempt, disdain, indifference, and fearlessness!
Then, Wang Yun's body suddenly burst out a cloud of blood mist. The blood mist suddenly burst out and turned into layers of white bones embedded in Wang Yun's arms, knees, and chest. It was actually a set of white bone armor!
The surface of the white bone was smooth as if it was made of white jade, but it exuded an extremely sharp evil aura. That evil aura spread out, and just looking at it made one's scalp tingle. It was as if the person standing there was not Wang Yun himself, but an ancient evil lord!
"This is an evil art!" Pu Xingyu felt the waves of Evil Qi being emitted from Wang Yun's body and his expression changed greatly. He did not expect Wang Yun to actually cultivate an Evil Dao cultivation technique!
"It really is an evil cultivation method! I can feel waves of killing aura coming from his body. I didn't expect Wang Yun to actually choose the path of evil! "
"The path of the evil path is actually not easy to walk. But once you master it, your strength will be much stronger than ordinary warriors!"
In fact, the name of the evil cultivation method was only a saying passed down from ancient times. Now, there were some special cultivation methods that required extremely cruel means to cultivate. This type of cultivation method was not only cruel to others, but also to oneself.
For example, the infamous "Blood Demon Art" required the construction of a blood pool. The blood of tens of thousands of lives in the world was collected and thrown into the blood pool. The cultivator had to soak in the blood pool to exchange their blood.
In order to build the blood pool, one had to first slaughter tens of thousands of lives. This was cruel to others. When the cultivator entered the blood pool, they had to exchange their own blood with the blood pool. It was very difficult to exchange blood between people. Only the blood of relatives could exchange blood without hindrance. Furthermore, the blood pool not only contained human blood, but also the blood of animals and various Fey beasts. One could imagine the pain one had to endure by absorbing the blood into one's blood vessels. This was cruel to oneself!
The Blue Cloud Sect did not forbid the cultivation of evil cultivation methods. However, one could not slaughter others for the sake of cultivating evil cultivation methods. Of course, some Blue Cloud Sect disciples cultivated in secret. What they did was not known by others. The Blue Cloud Sect also turned a blind eye to it.
The evil cultivation method that Wang Yun cultivated was called the "White Bone Spirit Concentration Art". Wang Yun had obtained this evil cultivation method two years ago by a great opportunity. He had snuck into a mystic realm. In that mystic realm, there was a senior who suffered Qi Deviation during cultivation and passed away on the spot. Hence, Wang Yun had taken away that senior's mantle and inheritance.
Now that Wang Yun suddenly used this cultivation method, everyone was naturally shocked. They could not understand why Wang Yun, who was originally very talented, would choose to cultivate an evil cultivation method.
But soon, they understood why Wang Yun made such a choice.
The evil cultivation method that Wang Yun cultivated was far more powerful than they had imagined.
The White Bone Battle Armor was condensed in an instant. When the entire set of White Bone Battle Armor was in place, Wang Yun suddenly accelerated and flew towards Pu Xingyu.
"Pop!"
The first golden thread cut into the armor on Wang Yun's elbow. The originally invincible golden thread did not leave a single mark on the White Bone Battle Armor. It was instantly broken.
"Pop Pop Pop Pop Pop …"
After Wang Yun put on the White Bone Battle Armor, it was as if he had entered a no-man's land. More than half of the golden threads on the "Sky Snare" were instantly broken by Wang Yun! The sound of the golden threads breaking was as if someone was constantly flicking cotton.
Pu Xingyu took a deep breath of cold air. This … this …
Pu Xingyu knew the power of the Sky Snare best. He had once used a golden thread of the Sky Snare to cut a mid-grade spiritual weapon. It had also left a deep scar on the surface of a high-grade spiritual weapon! However, this golden thread did not even leave a mark on Wang Yun's White Bone Battle Armor.
The White Bone Battle Armor that was condensed from Quintessential Essence was as hard as an immortal weapon?
At this moment, Pu Xingyu felt like he was going crazy. He retreated reflexively. No disciple who could reach this step would be willing to admit defeat. Every battle in the Samsara Tournament would affect the final ranking.
Just retreating was useless. When Wang Yun had been at the Xiantian second stage, he had been an all-rounder. Whether in terms of strength or speed, he had been comparable to the best of the Xiantian Great Circle. Now, Wang Yun had stepped into the Illuminating Spirit Realm! Coupled with the fact that he cultivated this ancient evil cultivation method, Pu Xingyu was no match for him.
"Swoosh!"
More golden threads were produced from his golden fan. At the same time, he jumped up and flew into the sky!
Illuminating Spirit Realm experts could fly. However, if they did not cultivate Wind Quintessential Essence, they would not be proficient in flying when they first entered the Illuminating Spirit Realm. At this moment, Pu Xingyu had no other choice.
"Swoosh Swoosh Swoosh …"
As he flew up, the golden threads that originally represented death were constantly being deployed behind him.
These golden threads were originally Pu Xingyu's greatest reliance. Every time he used them, they were almost always successful. However, at this moment, Pu Xingyu felt a deep sense of helplessness. This feeling was as if the trump card he had prepared for a long time was as laughable as a child's toy in the eyes of his opponent.
Seeing Pu Xingyu fly up, Wang Yun's face revealed a faint expression. Then, a cloud of blood mist exploded from his back. After that cloud of blood mist dissipated, two bone wings formed behind him.
After these two bone wings formed, Wang Yun, who was wearing the White Bone Battle Armor, suddenly turned into a white meteor and flew into the sky above the arena.
Wang Yun was also in the Illuminating Spirit Realm. Generally speaking, when one entered the Illuminating Spirit Realm, one had to burn Quintessential Essence to soar into the sky. Because one's foundation was not stable, one's flying posture was far from flexible. However, Wang Yun relied on his bone wings to greatly increase his flexibility and speed!
The golden threads left behind by Pu Xingyu were like a joke in front of Wang Yun. They were quickly broken one by one.
"Don't force me!" Pu Xingyu roared at Wang Yun.
Wang Yun had no interest in answering Pu Xingyu at all. He was still charging at Pu Xingyu at an extremely fast speed.
Wang Yun's fighting style was very simple. He just relied on the White Bone Battle Armor. However, it was obvious that this evil cultivation method of his could not only rely on the White Bone Battle Armor. Wang Yun felt that dealing with Pu Xingyu was simply not worth the effort.
In mid-air, Pu Xingyu's eyes were red. His left hand gripped the golden fan tightly as he gritted his teeth and said, "Since you are going too far, don't blame me!"
What Pu Xingyu hated the most was being ignored by others. If Wang Yun had a serious fight with him at the beginning, Pu Xingyu would have calmly admitted defeat. However, Wang Yun didn't put him in his eyes at all. Pu Xingyu couldn't remain indifferent. He wanted Wang Yun to understand that there was a price to pay for looking down on others!
"Golden Flower Divine Fan!"
"Da!"
The golden fan that Pu Xingyu had put away was opened again. Then, he suddenly threw it at Wang Yun. The moment he threw it, Pu Xingyu activated the Spiritual Tool Skill of this Upper Grade Spiritual Tool!
There were many spiritual tools in the Eastern Region, but there were not many spiritual tools with Spiritual Tool Skills. Generally speaking, a Middle Grade Spiritual Tool with Spiritual Tool Skills was equivalent to a Upper Grade Spiritual Tool. A Upper Grade Spiritual Tool with Spiritual Tool Skills was equivalent to an Immortal Tool!
Why were the Phoenix Soaring Crystal and the Blood Jade Crystal that Luo Zheng had obtained so precious? Because these two crystals were enough to make a Upper Grade Spiritual Tool as good as an Immortal Tool!
Therefore, Pu Xingyu activating the Golden Flower Divine Fan in his hand was no small matter!
In mid-air, the Golden Flower Divine Fan suddenly split into countless fan shadows. Each fan shadow was spinning rapidly. All the fan shadows slashed fiercely at Wang Yun. Moreover, these fan shadows seemed to have spirituality. They were specifically aimed at the joints of Wang Yun's White Bone Armor. Although his White Bone Armor was powerful, there were always parts that could not be protected, such as the joints of the arms, the head, the waist, and the knees.
Pu Xingyu thought that as long as he cut these parts, he might have a chance to turn the tables. This Golden Flower Divine Fan could cripple Wang Yun!
However, after a faint smile appeared on Wang Yun's face, he still had no intention of dodging. At the same time, another burst of blood mist burst out from his body. After the blood mist dispersed, his whole body was completely covered by the White Bone Armor.
Seeing this scene, Pu Xingyu suddenly felt a bitter taste in his mouth. Wang Yun looked down on him. Sure enough, he had a reason to look down on him. He had no means to break this White Bone Armor. He was already in an invincible position inside the White Bone Armor.
When he thought of this, Wang Yun had already slammed into him. Then, Pu Xingyu's vision turned black and he lost consciousness.
＝＝＝＝＝