The battle between Wang Yun and Pu Xingyu was not thrilling, because from beginning to end, Wang Yun crushed Pu Xingyu one-sidedly. Pu Xingyu did not have the slightest power to fight back.
However, the elite disciples and all the pro-disciples of the 33 peaks were watching very carefully.
Most of the elite disciples and pro-disciples did not put Pu Xingyu in their eyes. They were paying attention to Wang Yun.
Three years ago, he had broken into the top 100 with the strength of Xiantian second stage, creating a miracle in the Blue Cloud Sect. Although this miracle had been broken by Luo Zheng, no one dared to ignore Wang Yun's strength.
Moreover, Wang Yun had been practicing in secret for three years, and now he had entered the Divine Reflection Realm. During these three years, no one had seen him fight, so no one knew the depth of his strength. As a potential opponent, Luo Zheng naturally needed to pay attention to him.
Unfortunately, Pu Xingyu was defeated too quickly. Apart from letting Wang Yun show off his incomparably sturdy armor, it had no other effect.
But just that set of Bone Armor was enough to attract the attention of all the elites and pro-disciples present. That set of Bone Armor's defensive power was comparable to that of a fairy weapon, and could resist almost all kinds of damage. If Wang Yun could not break this set of Bone Armor, he would be in an invincible position.
Outside the arena, Luo Zheng was also secretly paying attention. This Bone Armor was indeed difficult to deal with, but he did not necessarily have no way to deal with it. For example, he could use the means of soul attack, or use the broken flying dagger. The flying dagger's sharp penetrating power should be able to penetrate the Bone Armor, but Luo Zheng did not believe that Wang Yun only had this trump card. Everything could only be tested in the arena.
This Peak Wide Competition was destined to be incomparably difficult. Just Wang Yun alone had such strength, and Wang Yun might not be the strongest among the personal disciples. In addition, he still had to face the top disciples of the various peaks!
Even in the face of these experts, Luo Zheng was not discouraged at all. On the contrary, he was immersed in a contradictory state of mind that was both excited and calm from the beginning to the end! Excitement could improve his fighting spirit, and let him maintain a normal state of excitement, while calmness could let him clearly evaluate his opponents. Only by keeping a calm mind could he deal with these powerful opponents calmly.
Another round of the Transmigration Competition passed.
After entering the Transmigration Competition, with the addition of personal disciples, the intensity of the competition increased by several times. Especially the battle between the peak disciples and personal disciples, it was the biggest highlight!
In the Blue Cloud Sect, the status of a personal disciple was undoubtedly much higher than that of a peak disciple. However, personal disciples were only a lucky few who were chosen by the Elders and Enlightened Masters of the Blue Cloud Sect to become their personal disciple.
Although they didn't say it out loud, they were actually holding back their anger. So what if he was a personal disciple? The disciples of the 33 peaks don't even need to be taught by a master. We can still beat you up! Therefore, as long as it was a battle between a peak disciple and a personal disciple, most people would stand on the peak disciple's side.
Unfortunately, the personal disciples were often stronger than the inner disciples of the peaks. Even the top disciples of the major peaks found it difficult to fight against the personal disciples. In these four rounds, three of the top inner disciples of the 33 peaks had been defeated by the personal disciples.
When it came to the fifth round, the referee announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus personal disciple Wang Yanmiao!"
Wang Yanmiao?
Hearing this name, Luo Zheng's eyebrows immediately stood up like two sharp swords.
That day in Purgatory Mountain, Wang Yanmiao wanted to force Luo Zheng to kneel with great power! However, Luo Zheng relied on the power of the dragon scales and his tyrannical body to forcibly resist the pressure. Moreover, he comprehended the Heavenly Demon God Fist under this pressure!
At that time, even if Luo Zheng comprehended the Heavenly Demon God Fist, he was still far from being Wang Yanmiao's opponent. After all, Wang Yanmiao had already entered Radiant Spirit at that time, and Luo Zheng wasn't even a Xiantian lifeform at that time!
Fortunately, Su Lingyun hurried over at that crucial time. Otherwise, Luo Zheng's end wasn't hard to imagine.
However, what made Luo Zheng even more upset was that this person's target wasn't him, but rather his younger sister, Luo Yan!
When he thought of this, Luo Zheng's sharp eyebrows also gradually smoothed out, changing into a gloomy and cold expression. Ever since he participated in the Peak Competition, Luo Zheng had never shown this kind of expression.
On the side, Teacher Wen and Zuo Yun both felt that Luo Zheng's expression wasn't good. From their contact with Luo Zheng, they had long understood that Luo Zheng wouldn't be like this even if he was facing a thorny opponent. Even if it was his personal disciple, Luo Zheng, he wouldn't easily admit defeat. Luo Zheng's change seemed to have some hidden reason.
"Luo Zheng, are you alright?" Zuo Yun asked cautiously.
Luo Zheng suddenly revealed a smile. His smile was a bit brilliant. "I'm fine. I'm just in a bad mood. I want to give someone a good beating!"
"Give someone a good beating?" Zuo Yun sucked in a breath of cold air and looked at the empty fighting arena. Luo Zheng's opponent didn't seem to have arrived yet.
"Yes!" Luo Zheng's face was cold, and then he walked towards the fighting arena.
Wang Yanmiao wasn't at the scene of the Peak Competition, but when it was his turn to fight, he rushed over.
In the air, a young man stood with his hands clasped behind his back, walking step by step in the air. There seemed to be a transparent staircase in the air, supporting Wang Yanmiao's steps. And every time he took a step, a lotus bloomed. Lotuses bloomed with every step he took! Wang Yanmiao's body emitted a gentle and refined aura.
Seeing this scene, many inner disciples were amazed. Although many inner disciples knew that it wasn't difficult to achieve this after entering the Divine Reflection Realm, Wang Yanmiao's temperament, which revealed lotus blossoms with every step he took, could easily subdue people!
At this moment, many female disciples of the Jade Maiden Peak also let out soft screams. Wang Yanmiao's appearance had livened up the atmosphere in the fighting arena.
Among the direct disciples, Junior Sister Mo curled her lips and sneered. "Wang Yanmiao is really disgusting. He always thinks he's the one. Every time he fights, he causes such a big scene!"
Senior Brother Pei, who was next to Junior Sister Mo, heard this and laughed. "Junior Sister Mo, don't you want to poke a few holes in Wang Yanmiao?"
"Humph, of course! If I were assigned to fight with him, I would definitely poke a few holes in his body. Let's see how he acts every time! Let's see how he acts in the future! "Junior Sister Mo pouted and said.
Luo Zheng stood on the fighting arena, unmoving like a mountain. He looked at Wang Yanmiao who was slowly walking down from midair. His expression was grave and stern, not saying a word.
Meanwhile, after Wang Yanmiao slowly descended from the arena, a faint smile hung on her face. "Brother Luo Zheng, I trust you've been well since we last met. I really didn't expect you to enter the Peak Wide Competition so quickly. It really is unexpected. I remember that I said that I would give you three years of time. Right now, only half a year has passed since the trip to Purgatory Mountain. I will be lenient today, so you don't have to look like you're facing a great enemy!"
"Lenient? As if I'm facing a great enemy? " Luo Zheng repeated Wang Yanmiao's words. Then, he suddenly roared with laughter. "Hahaha, Wang Yanmiao, I really heard a great joke!"
Wang Yanmiao's face revealed a hint of shock. She asked, "What joke?"
"First, I don't need you to be lenient! You don't have the qualifications! Second, I don't look like I'm facing a great enemy either. It's just that when I thought about how my younger sister Luo Yan is still in Purgatory Mountain, and how you are a toad lusting after swan meat, having designs on my younger sister, I feel extremely displeased. Do you understand? I am only displeased, and not 'as if I'm facing a great enemy' as you think! "Luo Zheng said with a sneer.
Whoosh —
Luo Zheng's words were spoken one word at a time, spoken with incomparable clarity. Everyone heard it clearly.
At first, they felt that Luo Zheng suddenly became extremely domineering, even feeling a bit puzzled. In the previous battles, Luo Zheng's performance was still extremely low-key, not saying too much along the way. However, right now, Luo Zheng seemed to have suddenly become a different person, his entire being becoming domineering and unreasonable!
However, when they heard the following words, everyone immediately understood. At the same time, they all sank into deep shock!
"What? Wang Yanmiao has designs on Luo Zheng's younger sister? Who is his younger sister? "
"Didn't Luo Zheng say it already? His younger sister is Luo Yan! "
"Which Luo Yan? Don't tell me he's talking about that Luo Yan locked up in Purgatory Mountain? Heavens, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan are brother and sister? If that's really the case, then these two siblings are just too abnormal, right?! Just the younger sister's strength is already so terrifying, and now there's an even more monstrous older brother … "
In that instant, everyone was talking about all sorts of things.
The people of the Eastern Region revered martial prowess, but most of them were men. Blue Cloud Sect's thirty-three peaks only had a single Jade Maiden Peak that accommodated female disciples.
Female martial artists couldn't occupy the majority in the Eastern Region. After all, the number of female disciples was ninety percent less than male disciples, so the difficulty of producing geniuses naturally increased by many times.
That was why female disciples had always been looked down upon.
However, Luo Yan's appearance basically broke this convention. She alone brought Jade Maiden Peak, which had always been ranked at the bottom, all the way to the height of number two among the thirty-three peaks!
Although there were quite a few legends in the Blue Cloud Sect, all of the legendary records were completed by male disciples. However, Luo Yan's appearance filled this gap. She used her extraordinary talent, absolute strength, and astonishing beauty to crush almost all of the disciples, standing at the peak of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples!
What was even more terrifying was that Luo Yan wasn't even fifteen years old back then …
Her talent was close to monstrous.
Most of the disciples understood the existence of Luo Yan, this genius female disciple. However, after the Peak Competition, Luo Yan offended the Qilin Yun Family and was banished to Purgatory Mountain. Most of the disciples weren't too clear on the details! They only knew that Luo Yan committed a crime and was banished to Purgatory Mountain.
When Luo Zheng investigated this matter, he also learned about it from Zhang Wuxian's mouth. As for Zhang Wuxian's ability to gather information, there weren't many people in the Burning Heaven Empire who were better than him.
Luo Zheng didn't listen to the discussions of the crowd in the slightest. He faced Wang Yanmiao and continued, "As for your so-called bullshit Three Year Agreement, it was your own decision. To challenge me three years later, you really think too highly of yourself. Three years later, my growth will definitely be something that you can't hope to catch up to. You don't have the qualifications at all! Forget about three years later, do you think you have absolute confidence in winning today's battle? "