"The younger generation will surpass us in time? Haha! Wang Yanmiao, you're just a few years older than me. Even if you've stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, are you really stronger than me? Who gave you the confidence to call me a younger generation? "Luo Zheng sneered.
At the All-Peak Grand Competition, everyone was still discussing whether or not Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's brother and was shocked by the truth.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, everyone was even more flabbergasted.
The strength that Luo Zheng revealed before was indeed powerful, but that was only for the top disciples of the 33 peaks.
Defeating Zhuge Xi was already a miracle for Luo Zheng, who was at Xiantian second stage. Using his strange purple-black True Core Force to defeat Zhou Dan, Luo Zheng had already created a miracle among miracles.
But …
Whether it was Zhuge Xi or Zhou Dan, they were only the top disciples of the 33 peaks. Among the 33 peaks, they were indeed the top existences. Their strength might be second only to Hua Tianming, Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and the others. However, there was still a clear gap between their strength and that of the personal disciples.
Back then, Wang Yun, who was at Xiantian second stage, had shown strength that far exceeded his peers because he was a personal disciple.
In every All-Peak Grand Competition, the first, second, and third places were usually taken by the personal disciples. In so many All-Peak Grand Competitions, only a few disciples of the 33 peaks reached the top. And when the personal disciples were strong, the disciples of the 33 peaks couldn't even enter the top 20.
From this, it could be seen how big the gap between the disciples of the 33 peaks and the personal disciples was. Although the number of personal disciples was small, the Blue Cloud Sect poured a lot of resources into them. Moreover, they were personally taught by their own masters! No personal disciple could be underestimated.
And Wang Yanmiao, even among the personal disciples, was one of the best!
According to the ranking of the Azure Cloud Proclamation, Wang Yanmiao had already entered the top 15 last year. However, the ranking of the personal disciples on the Azure Cloud Proclamation was no longer counted.
The reason was that the personal disciples rarely fought and their speed of improvement was very fast. This ranking was simply unable to measure their true strength.
Perhaps Wang Yanmiao was ranked 15th on the Ascension Rankings, but with his true strength, it was possible for him to be ranked 1st on the Ascension Rankings.
If those timid disciples of the 33 peaks encountered Wang Yanmiao, it would be as if they were facing a powerful senior. They wouldn't even be able to speak clearly.
Luo Zheng's words just now was already boundlessly arrogant!
Wang Yanmiao, who had always been calm, had an increasingly ugly expression on his face. No matter what he said, Luo Zheng would always counter with sharp words, while Wang Yanmiao was unable to counter Luo Zheng because of his pride. This anger had been suppressed in his heart, and it had already caused his face to be dyed with an ashen color.
However, Wang Yanmiao was Wang Yanmiao after all. Having grown to such a level, he naturally understood that a cultivator had to remain calm at all times. He revolved his True Essence and formed an extremely beautiful white lotus in his hand. Then, he reached out and crushed the white lotus. An icy cold feeling came from the broken lotus.
After a while, Wang Yanmiao's expression returned to normal. A faint smile even appeared on his face. "Not bad, Luo Zheng. You just succeeded in infuriating me. I know your plan. You hoped that after infuriating me, I would make a mistake in battle. That way, you would have a glimmer of hope to defeat me. You did it! But you are destined to pay the price! "
As soon as Wang Yanmiao's voice fell, dots of red light appeared beside him. Those dots of fire were like small flames. In an instant, they bloomed into lotus flowers. After those lotus flowers appeared, they floated towards Luo Zheng.
"Wang Yanmiao's strength seems to have improved during this period of time. I have never seen those snow-white lotus flowers before. But no matter how much he has improved, I will fight today. Not only for myself, but also for Luo Yan!"
In the face of Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers, six Heavenly Demon Phantoms appeared behind Luo Zheng. They were not inferior to Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers in terms of speed and strength.
On the high platform, Shi Jingtian was sitting on a large chair. He tilted his head and put his other hand on the armrest of the chair. He frowned and said in a doubtful tone, "Elder Xu, do you think that as the Sect Leader, I am becoming less and less important in the Blue Cloud Sect?"
Elder Xu's heart trembled when he heard Shi Jingtian's words. He asked cautiously, "What do you mean, Sect Leader?"
"You said that Luo Zheng is a disciple with such great potential. Moreover, he is Luo Yan's brother. But as the Sect Leader, I don't know anything about him. Why is that? " Shi Jingtian felt that this was very abnormal. With Luo Zheng's talent, he was at Xiantian second stage and was on par with a powerhouse of Divine realm. This kind of disciple should at least have Tian grade talent. Shi Jingtian didn't often walk around in the Blue Cloud Sect. Could it be that all the elders of the Blue Cloud Sect were blind? Or were those deacons also blind?
In the final analysis, the Blue Cloud Sect served the Cloud Hall. It helped the Cloud Hall to unearth the talented disciples of the Eastern region. In order to unearth the talented disciples to the greatest extent, the Blue Cloud Sect had designed a set of reasonable rules. For example, whenever a deacon found a disciple who had an outstanding performance in a secret practice area, he would report it to his superiors. And the reward for unearthing the talented disciples would also be given to the deacons.
Under this set of rules, as long as a disciple had an outstanding performance, he would not be buried.
Luo Zheng was only at Xiantian second stage, but he was able to surpass all the difficulties in the Peak Competition. This was enough to prove his talent.
According to Shi Jingtian's judgment, Luo Zheng's talent could already be regarded as Tian grade talent!
People were born unequal, and some people were destined to be much more powerful than others in terms of martial arts talent.
Therefore, some people divided the talents into three categories: Heaven, Earth, and Human. According to the strength of the Eastern region, a disciple with a Human grade talent could be regarded as a genius. Generally speaking, a disciple with a Human grade talent would sooner or later reach Divine realm.
And an Earth grade talent was enough to make the Blue Cloud Sect attach great importance to a disciple. Whether it was a pro-disciple or a top inner disciple of the 33 peaks, almost half of them could be regarded as Earth grade talent.
And a Tian grade talent was very rare. A disciple with a Tian grade talent would not only be valued by the Blue Cloud Sect, but even the colossus of the Blue Cloud Sect — — Cloud Hall would also attach great importance to such a disciple!
However, talent was originally used to measure the possibility of a disciple's future growth! This standard was somewhat illusory, and it could only be highlighted with a certain degree of comparison.
According to Shi Jingtian's judgment, saying that Luo Zheng had a Tian grade talent was actually a conservative statement. He felt that Luo Zheng was at least a Tian grade talent, and with his current monstrous performance, it was very likely that he was a Saint grade talent!
Luo Zheng's talent had indeed surprised Shi Jingtian, but it wasn't enough to make him angry.
What made Shi Jingtian angry was why no one had told him that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's brother!
Luo Yan's matter was very important. Since her brother had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, no one had told him about Luo Zheng's existence. At this moment, Shi Jingtian felt that the group of people under him had completely disregarded him as the Sect Master.
"Luo Zheng was taken in by Su Lingyun and was under Xiao Yufeng. Perhaps everyone was apprehensive about Su Lingyun's identity …" Elder Xu thought for a while before coming up with this reason.
"Su Lingyun? Su Qian's daughter? "Shi Jingtian frowned and asked.
Elder Xu nodded his head. "Su Lingyun is Luo Zheng's mentor, so it's impossible that she didn't know about it. Perhaps she suppressed it and didn't report it."
"Let's not care about that little girl for now. Elder Xu, I know that you are speaking up for those Elders. Su Lingyun is only a mentor under Xiao Yufeng. Even if she wanted to suppress it, her influence couldn't be that long. Could it be that Luo Zheng didn't enter any of the secret cultivation grounds? Didn't any of the Deacons secretly report it? I don't believe it! Investigate it for me! Send someone to check the records of Luo Zheng's cultivation for the past few months. I want to ask those deacons if their eyes are on their butts! "Shi Jingtian said without giving up.
In the face of Sect Head Shi's anger, Elder Xu didn't dare to be negligent. He immediately agreed and sent someone to investigate Luo Zheng's cultivation records for the past few months.
In order to appease the Sect Head's anger, Elder Xu was extremely busy. However, the battle in the arena was getting more and more intense.
Numerous demonic lotus flowers bloomed continuously, forming a torrent of lotus flowers that rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had suffered from these lotus flowers before. A single lotus flower weighed more than ten cauldrons. If this lotus flower stuck to Luo Zheng's body, it would severely affect his speed.
Not only that, Wang Yanmiao released several lotus flowers that enveloped Luo Zheng. She wanted to use this extremely strong lotus flowers to suppress Luo Zheng.
"Do you think I'm so easily suppressed by you? Dream on! "
Wang Yanmiao's "Lotus Flowers Killing Intent" had an effect on Luo Zheng. At this moment, Luo Zheng was using sword steps, twisting left and right as he moved around the arena. At the same time, he was controlling the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms to fiercely attack those lotus flowers.
"Puff puff puff …"
How powerful was the Heavenly Demon Phantoms?
Under this collision, the lotuses were suddenly smashed into pieces, turning into tens of thousands of petals that scattered across the arena. The ground was a mess, and the petals soon turned into wisps of true essence that dissipated between the heavens and earth. The Quintessential Qi borrowed from heaven and earth would have to be returned sooner or later.
However, although the Heavenly Demon Phantoms were powerful, Luo Zheng could only summon six of them. In comparison, Wang Yanmiao only needed to wave her hand and hundreds of lotus flowers would appear. Although the majority of the lotus flowers were smashed into pieces by the Heavenly Demon Phantoms, there were still some lotus flowers that squeezed through the gaps between the Heavenly Demon Phantoms and chased after Luo Zheng.
Facing these lotus flowers, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest fear.
Previously, he was able to resist the pressure of these lotus flowers. Now, it was even better. He could use the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence to absorb these lotus flowers.
However, the moment Luo Zheng released the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence and made contact with those lotus flowers, those lotus flowers suddenly changed color. The originally very bright lotus flowers now flickered with an even more demonic red light.