As soon as Luo Zheng took a step back, the lotus flower at the very front suddenly blossomed. The instant that lotus flower exploded, streaks of red lotus flames were produced. The temperature of the red lotus flames was extremely high, as if it could devour all things in this world!
Even though Luo Zheng had just retreated extremely quickly, he still couldn't avoid being affected a bit. He was blasted back two zhang by the explosion of the lotus flower, and only when Luo Zheng smashed heavily into the barrier did he stop.
"I know that your true essence is extremely strange, as if it can even devour my lotus flower. Last time, it was already devoured by you in Purgatory Mountain, so how could you make the same mistake a second time?" Wang Yanmiao said with a sneer, "Do you think that you can win against me just by relying on your strange true essence? What I want to tell you is that you are dreaming! If I say three years, then three years is three years. Right now, you still don't have the qualifications to be my opponent. I don't even need an incense stick's worth of time to get rid of you! "
Wang Yanmiao continuously summoned lotus flowers, clashing with Luo Zheng's six Sky Devil Phantoms while speaking leisurely. While speaking, the lotus flower killing intent released from his body flourished more and more. At the same time, another lotus flower slowly blossomed at the center of the arena.
The ordinary lotus flower Wang Yanmiao summoned was only the size of a palm, all different colors. For example, the red lotus could produce an extremely powerful explosive effect, while the ice lotus could produce an extremely cold freezing effect. However, compared to the continuously growing lotus flower in the arena, it was different. It was a white lotus flower.
As soon as this white lotus flower appeared, it began to frantically grow, becoming larger. From the size of a fist, it became the size of a water bucket, and then it became a zhang wide, half zhang tall giant!
Wang Yanmiao stared at Luo Zheng, revealing a faint smile. He casually walked up a petal of this white lotus flower. When he stood at the center of the petal, the aura he released suddenly erupted with tenfold power.
The aura that erupted from Wang Yanmiao's body seemed to have condensed into substance at this moment!
Pa, pa, pa …
Some of the stone slabs in the arena were crushed in an instant, as if they were crushed by several elephants. Dense cracks appeared on the slabs.
This pressure came from Wang Yanmiao's aura!
High up in the air, Wang Yanmiao stood in the center of the lotus flower like an emperor, exuding a majestic aura. The moment he stepped onto the white lotus flower, he was like an emperor ascending to the throne!
"I didn't want to use this move to deal with you, but since you are so unconvinced, I'll make you accept your defeat wholeheartedly. I'll make you understand that giving you three years is already giving you face. While you are growing, I am also growing. Not to mention three years, even if you have 30 years, you are still not my opponent," Wang Yanmiao said to Luo Zheng indifferently.
The fighting stage in the arena had been reinforced by a formation. Although it looked like the fighting stage was made of stone, its hardness and strength were stronger than steel!
If they wanted to crush the stage, they would first have to crush the barrier on the stage. From the looks of it, some of the weaker parts of the barrier had already been crushed by the terrifying gravity emitted by Wang Yanmiao.
Under such a strong gravity, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that his body was incomparably heavy. This gravity was much more terrifying than the gravity on the Limitless Path when he participated in the Sea Test.
"It's only a few dozen times the gravity. I think you're going to blow yourself into the sky. Since that's the case, let me break your formation!" Luo Zheng snorted coldly. More than a hundred dragon scales on his body suddenly lit up, and the power in his body surged out like a tide. Then, Luo Zheng stared at the terrifying gravity and rushed towards Wang Yanmiao.
"Only this little bit of gravity?" Wang Yanmiao smiled. His middle finger slightly bent, and his little finger and index finger gently pointed at Luo Zheng.
"Flower Pinching Finger!"
With this point, the gravity in the entire arena suddenly disappeared without a trace, but in the next moment, it was all concentrated on Luo Zheng.
The gravity that was originally scattered throughout the arena was now concentrated on one point! The gravity instantly increased from a few dozen times to a few hundred times!
"Boom …"
Luo Zheng's body was like a collapsing mountain. He crashed heavily into the fighting ring, creating a deep pit in the fighting ring.
Wang Yanmiao shook her head. "You're already unable to deal with the gravity. You don't even have the qualifications to make me draw my weapon!"
Luo Zheng had just climbed out of the pit when Wang Yanmiao stood in the center of the white lotus. She pointed at Luo Zheng again, and Luo Zheng was once again pressed back into the pit with a muffled boom.
The power that erupted from the battle between the two had already attracted the attention of all the Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
"Wang Yanmiao is so strong … Luo Zheng was born with divine strength! The power that erupted from before was already so terrifying, but Wang Yanmiao only used one finger to press Luo Zheng to the ground. How much strength does that require? "
"If you don't know, then don't ask questions! Strength? She can suppress Luo Zheng to the point that he can't get up with just one finger? Do you think Wang Yanmiao is an immortal? It wasn't Wang Yanmiao's strength that suppressed Luo Zheng, but Wang Yanmiao borrowed the lotus under his feet to change the gravity on the arena! In other words, Luo Zheng was pressed to the ground by his own strength! "
"Even so, it's still quite amazing. However, both of them are abnormal, and Luo Zheng is also abnormal. With such a strong gravity, if it were me, I'm afraid that I would have already been crushed into a meat patty. That Luo Zheng still managed to get up time and time again as if nothing had happened …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng still didn't panic. Although he got up time and time again, he was pressed back down by the gravity again and again. However, just by relying on the suppression of gravity, it was destined that he wouldn't be injured. Instead, under the heavy pressure, he relied on the warm currents to temper his body! Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry. At most, he would be in a difficult situation. In a battle between the strong, it didn't matter if he was in a difficult situation. The most important thing was who would win!
In this battle, Wang Yanmiao was also very patient.
Previously, he had been berated by Luo Zheng, which had made him lose face. Now, Wang Yanmiao wanted everyone to understand that this Luo Zheng wasn't even worthy of carrying his shoes!
"Luo Zheng, didn't you boast that you are very strong? Do you think that I am not your opponent? Why can't you even defeat one of my fingers? "Wang Yanmiao said with a smile.
Wang Yanmiao was exaggerating when he said that he couldn't defeat one of Luo Zheng's fingers. After all, even for Wang Yanmiao, maintaining such a strong gravity was not an easy task. However, Wang Yanmiao was very happy to be able to suppress Luo Zheng to this extent!
While Wang Yanmiao was happy, he had forgotten that Luo Zheng was just like an ant to him. What was there to be happy about defeating an ant? He was happy because in fact, it proved that Luo Zheng indeed had the strength to fight with him. He had already regarded Luo Zheng as an equal opponent.
However, he had forgotten that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian second stage.
"Peng, peng, peng … …"
Luo Zheng climbed up again and again, but Wang Yanmiao pressed him down again and again.
"Don't you have a strange throwing knife? Why don't you use it? "
"Don't you know how to use soul attacks? Why are you still hiding them? "
"I thought you were very strong, but I didn't expect you to be so weak. I don't know how many of your arrogant words can you remember?"
Wang Yanmiao taunted Luo Zheng while suppressing him.
Hearing Wang Yanmiao's words, it seemed that Luo Zheng still had other trump cards?
"Luo Zheng still has a weapon! Throwing knife? He hasn't used it yet! "
"Listening to Wang Yanmiao, it seems that Luo Zheng also knows how to use soul attacks? Soul attacks are very difficult to master even after reaching the Divine realm. He is only at the Xiantian second stage, so how can he still have these trump cards? This Luo Zheng is really unfathomable! "
Many disciples became vigilant. If they could know some of the opponent's trump cards in advance, they would be able to guard against Luo Zheng at any time.
Wang Yanmiao deliberately said these words. He wanted to expose all of Luo Zheng's trump cards to vent his anger at Luo Zheng's ridicule. Wang Yanmiao was an outstanding pro-disciple, so when had he ever been scolded by an inner disciple like this?
Not to mention Luo Zheng, even Xie Yun and Wu Xie wouldn't dare to do this!
At this time, Luo Zheng once again climbed out of the pit and said with a smile on his face: "I am indeed not strong, but you, Wang Yanmiao, are even weaker than me. Do you expect to crush me to death with this little bit of gravity? Then you are doomed to be disappointed! "
Luo Zheng jumped up and stepped on the sword steps, and with a strange angle, he constantly dodged in the arena.
"Boom!"
Wang Yanmiao stretched out her hand and pointed at nothing. She only pointed at one of Luo Zheng's afterimages. The huge gravity directly pressed a huge crater into the ground!
Wang Yanmiao pointed again, but still didn't hit Luo Zheng, and a big pit appeared on the ground.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
With Wang Yanmiao constantly pointing at Luo Zheng, one pit after another continuously formed in the arena, and the entire arena became bumpy, as if it was a construction site that had been dug with potholes. How could it still look like a fighting arena?
Luo Zheng's sword steps had been operated to the extreme, but because Luo Zheng was still hiding his sword intent, his sword steps couldn't be used to attack like Hua Tianming's.
Although Wang Yanmiao was Luo Zheng's strong enemy, Luo Zheng had more than one strong enemy. On the road to the All-Peak Competition, there were many opponents that Luo Zheng couldn't deal with, so he had to hold back.
"Like a rabbit, you only know how to run?" Wang Yanmiao chased Luo Zheng while using his Flower Picking Finger.
Just as he released his finger, Luo Zheng's speed suddenly doubled. With a leap, he jumped down from high above. At the same time, the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms on standby also surrounded Wang Yanmiao, who was in the center of the white lotus flower, from all directions.
"Who said I only know how to run?" Luo Zheng rushed in front of Wang Yanmiao and smiled faintly.
Then, a huge fist shadow suddenly formed and blasted toward Wang Yanmiao!
＝＝＝＝＝