Wang Yanmiao raised his eyebrows slightly when he saw the punch. With a wave of his hand, hundreds of lotus flowers danced in front of him.
Wang Yanmiao had experienced Luo Zheng's fist shadow in Purgatory Mountain. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a half-step to Innate Realm, but he managed to clash head-on with him with that fist shadow!
A half-step to Innate Realm brat could actually clash head-on with him! At that time, Wang Yanmiao was also very shocked and even confused, so this punch left a deep impression on him.
When Luo Zheng was still a half-step to Innate Realm, he could already unleash such a terrifying punch with his Innate Qi. Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Innate Realm, his Innate Qi had transformed into Innate Qi. This punch was even more solid, heavy, and powerful!
After all, Wang Yanmiao was also half a genius. He was now the pride of the entire Wang Family. To be able to become a direct disciple, and one of the best among the direct disciples, which one of them was easy to deal with?
He had already thought of a countermeasure against Luo Zheng's Demonic God Fist.
The hundreds of lotus flowers around him formed a triangle, leaving a lot of space between each lotus flower. The entire triangle formed by lotus flowers rushed towards Luo Zheng's fist shadow.
The moment the fist shadow and the lotus flowers clashed, it began to devour the lotus flowers in the front row. The originally beautiful red lotus flowers were instantly devoured and transformed by the Heavenly Demon True Essence …
In fact, the Heavenly Demon True Essence's devouring ability had already been demonstrated in the previous battle between Luo Zheng and Zhou Dan. However, at that time, other than Zhou Dan himself, the spectators did not see it clearly.
After all, the Heavenly Demon Phantom had transformed into Innate Qi to devour the Innate Qi in Zhou Dan's Righteous Song. Many people thought that the two were using Innate Qi to compete.
Only Zhou Dan himself knew how terrifying Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon True Essence was. That Innate Qi was simply devouring his Righteous Song. If not for the layer of golden Righteous Qi on the surface of Zhou Dan's Righteous Song, it would have been devoured in an instant by the Heavenly Demon True Essence!
Previously, the spectators did not see how the Heavenly Demon True Essence devoured, but now they saw it clearly. The red lotus flowers were being devoured by the black fist shadow, turning into black lotus flowers.
"Eh? Why would there be a black lotus? "A disciple asked in bewilderment.
"Those lotus flowers seem to have the same color as Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan! No, this lotus seems to be controlled by Luo Zheng! "
"Indeed. Rather than saying that he controlled it, it would be better to say that Luo Zheng's Zhenyuan directly swallowed it. What kind of cultivation method is Luo Zheng practicing? Why was it so strange? Not only could Zhen Yuan transform and reform itself, but it could also use Zhen Yuan to devour other people's Zhen Yuan. With this kind of Zhen Yuan, wouldn't one be in an invincible position? How sensational! "
"I thought that Luo Zheng would be defeated by Wang Yanmiao, but it seems that the outcome is still uncertain! However, Wang Yanmiao's technique is also very clever. It seems that he already knew that Luo Zheng's Zhenqi could devour his lotuses. You see, the gaps between the lotuses are very wide, which greatly increases the difficulty for Luo Zheng to devour. "
Some people only saw that the lotus flowers had changed color, but some people could see that Wang Yanmiao's lotus flowers had been devoured by Luo Zheng, and some people could see that Wang Yanmiao seemed to have already found a way to deal with it.
"If I didn't know that your Zhen Yuan had the ability to devour, I'm afraid that it would be difficult for me to deal with it today. However, with the previous example, how could I repeat the same mistake?" Wang Yanmiao sneered, and with a wave of his hand, all the lotuses bloomed at the same time.
"Boom …"
Just one red lotus erupting, and the energy it produced was so terrifying, not to mention dozens of lotuses erupting at the same time. The turbulent Red Lotus Strange Fire immediately enveloped Luo Zheng's fist shadows and the black lotus flowers that had been devoured, and burned them to ashes in a short time.
Wang Yanmiao had no choice but to detonate his own lotus flowers and Luo Zheng's fist shadows at the same time. There was no other way, Luo Zheng's black fist shadows were too abnormal. Wang Yanmiao thought for a long time, and found that other than this method, there was no other way to deal with it.
Even if he came up with a countermeasure, Wang Yanmiao could only fight to a draw with Luo Zheng.
If he didn't do this, the Zhen Yuan contained in Luo Zheng's fist shadows could devour all his lotuses, and at that time, he would be the one to lose!
"Your fist technique has been broken by me. I'd like to see what else you can rely on next." Wang Yanmiao said faintly, and more lotuses bloomed around Wang Yanmiao. Luo Zheng's cultivation method was special and rare, but the 《Lotus Treasure Mirror》 he cultivated was also not bad. Not to mention, Wang Yanmiao had an absolute advantage in terms of realm, so Wang Yanmiao was not in a hurry.
In fact, from the bottom of his heart, Wang Yanmiao already felt a trace of fear towards Luo Zheng's growth.
Luo Zheng's growth speed was too fast. In just half a year, Luo Zheng had the strength to fight head-on with him. If Luo Zheng was really given three years to grow, he was afraid that it would really be like Luo Zheng said. After three years, he was afraid that he would not be able to catch up to Luo Zheng!
Therefore, Wang Yanmiao had to take action. He had to force out all of Luo Zheng's abilities, all of his trump cards, and all of his reliance, and then calmly defeat him. In this way, he would be able to fully attack Luo Zheng's self-confidence and crush Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts into pieces!
The heart of martial arts was the driving force that supported a warrior to move forward. It was a kind of state of mind that would never admit defeat. But when it encountered failure, the heart of martial arts would suffer a blow. If the blow was too big, then the heart of martial arts would shatter and turn into a heart demon, making it impossible for him to make any progress on the road of martial arts!
In Wang Yanmiao's view, Luo Zheng had been able to surpass all the difficulties and come all the way to this point in the All-Peak Competition. His strength was a big factor, but no matter how strong Luo Zheng was, he was only at the Xiantian second stage. His biggest reliance was that strange dark purple Zhen Yuan!
As long as he could come up with a countermeasure to Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan, it would be equivalent to restraining Luo Zheng's strongest means!
Luo Zheng only had the innate divine power, so for Wang Yanmiao, he was just a clown. He had plenty of time to play tricks on Luo Zheng in the arena.
"My reliance?" Luo Zheng smiled calmly.
Up until now, there were still many cards that Luo Zheng hadn't used. However, even though Wang Yanmiao was strong, Luo Zheng didn't plan to use them. Wang Yanmiao could be considered a well-known figure among the direct disciples, but he wasn't the most powerful! If he wanted to seize first place in the All-Peak Competition, Luo Zheng had to maintain restraint.
He naturally wouldn't use all of his trump cards just because of a few words from Wang Yanmiao. That was the behavior of a brute.
"Excuse me, but even if I don't have anything else to rely on, what can you do to me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Frankly speaking, Wang Yanmiao's methods were indeed not bad. After exchanging blows once in Purgatory Mountain, he remembered the characteristics of Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan, and even came up with a countermeasure.
Generally speaking, the strong rarely took the initiative to pay attention to the weak. At that time in Purgatory Mountain, Luo Zheng was only half a step into Xiantian. For Wang Yanmiao, who was at the Divine Reflection Realm, he was someone not worth mentioning at all. If not for the fact that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's older brother, he might not even be bothered to give him a glance.
It was just like how humans would never pay attention to an ant. Even if that ant was very special, it was still just an ant in the end!
However, Wang Yanmiao was able to sense it, and even came up with a countermeasure to deal with Luo Zheng's methods. From this point alone, one could see that Wang Yanmiao's thoughts were already extremely meticulous.
However, even if Wang Yanmiao could deal with Luo Zheng's Sky Devil Zhen Yuan, what could he do to Luo Zheng?
With Luo Zheng's body that was comparable to a mid-grade spiritual artifact, Wang Yanmiao's methods couldn't do anything to him at all. Even though Wang Yanmiao's Red Lotus Strange Flame was quite destructive, indeed able to injure or even defeat Luo Zheng under the burning of Zhen Yuan, Luo Zheng's Sky Devil Phantom wasn't just for decoration either!
As for the super gravity created by Wang Yanmiao's "Lotus Killing Intent", apart from being able to firmly press Luo Zheng to the ground, it couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng. For Wang Yanmiao, Luo Zheng was just like a copper pea that couldn't be bitten or smashed.
"What can I do to you? Hahaha … Do you really think that you're invincible just because you have copper skin and iron bones? Then I'll let you understand just how big the gap is between you and me! "Wang Yanmiao smiled faintly, and then pulled out a sword from his hand.
Wang Yanmiao's sword was very special. The blade was only two fingers wide, but it was one meter and three inches long. The long and narrow blade was engraved with many simple and unadorned patterns. It was actually an ancient sword.
This kind of sword was also known as the Gentleman Sword. In ancient times, it was a very popular sword, especially for high officials and nobles. Emperors, generals, and ministers would all carry one with them. However, this sword pursued beauty blindly, and the blade was forged to be extremely thin, so it was easy to break. This kind of Gentleman Sword gradually declined, and now the people of the Eastern Region only used Gentleman Swords as decorations, hanging them on the wall.
However, not all Gentleman Swords were easy to break. Genuine divine weapons were made from top-grade materials, and Gentleman Swords could also be forged into spiritual artifacts and immortal artifacts!
The immortal artifact in Wang Yanmiao's hand was an immortal artifact that had been passed down from ancient times. It was well maintained, and in addition to giving the Gentleman Sword a rich ancient aura, the blade still maintained its sharp edge!
When Wang Yanmiao held the thin sword in his hand, his entire aura changed.
Wang Yanmiao, who was originally standing in the middle of the white lotus, emitted a domineering aura of a monarch descending to the world. However, when he held the ancient sword in his hand, that domineering aura was suddenly dyed with a desolate ancient aura. This kind of aura was like that of a revived monarch, who held the three-foot Gentleman Sword in his hand and looked down on the world!
"It's an ancient immortal artifact! Wang Yanmiao seems to be holding an ancient immortal artifact! "
"Heavens, did he dig up an emperor's tomb? How did he even get an ancient immortal artifact?!"
"What a powerful aura. It's just a sword, but it makes me feel the aura of an ancient monarch. This ancient immortal artifact is definitely not ordinary. The person who once held this sword must have been a peerless expert!"