Although Wang Yanmiao's Wang Family was also a great noble family, it wasn't ranked high in the imperial capital and couldn't compare to the seven great noble families. It was impossible for them to have the wealth to obtain an ancient immortal weapon for Wang Yanmiao.
In truth, Wang Yanmiao had obtained this ancient immortal weapon by accident when she entered the tomb of an emperor that had been sealed for a long time. In order to obtain this Gentleman Sword, Wang Yanmiao had broken through many traps in the tomb. Along the way, she had been chased by a group of skeleton guards with strength comparable to the Radiant God Realm. She had almost died in that tomb.
"This is the Noble Sword. It was once the sword of Dragon Emperor Qin from the ancient Imperial Dragon Dynasty. Luo Zheng, your physical body is so strong that it's as tough as steel. I wonder if you can block my sword." Wang Yanmiao swung the Noble Sword gently, and lotus flowers fell.
Looking at the Gentleman Sword in Wang Yanmiao's hand, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He hadn't expected Wang Yanmiao to have an ancient immortal weapon.
It was said that in ancient times, weapon refiners had a much easier time comprehending the Dao of Heaven's Divination compared to modern day weapon refiners. Therefore, it was easier for weapon refiners in ancient times to become grandmaster weapon refiners. Moreover, it was much easier for grandmaster weapon refiners to refine immortal weapons.
Later on, there was a great change in the world. The Dao of Heaven's Divination became even more obscure and difficult to understand. It became even more difficult for weapon refiners to refine immortal weapons. As for what kind of great change happened in the world and why the Dao of Heaven's Divination became even harder to comprehend, there was no way to know.
Therefore, ancient immortal weapons were much more powerful than modern immortal weapons. For example, the Gentleman Sword in Wang Yanmiao's hand had an immortal pattern engraved on it. This meant that the Gentleman Sword was a low-grade immortal weapon. However, because it was a low-grade immortal weapon, its power was comparable to that of a mid-grade immortal weapon!
Luo Zheng didn't doubt that this mid-grade immortal weapon could cut open his body. After all, Luo Zheng's body was only at the level of a mid-grade spirit weapon.
"An ancient immortal weapon? You're really generous. But are you confident that you can cut me? " As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, he took a step forward and fully activated the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. His entire body was like a gust of wind, moving at extreme speed!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms moved at the same time, charging towards Wang Yanmiao from six different directions.
Facing the six Sky Demon Phantoms charging at her, Wang Yanmiao flipped her hand, and the white lotus beneath her feet opened up with six petals. The six petals swept up and sent the Sky Demon Phantoms flying. This huge white lotus was actually Wang Yanmiao's offensive weapon!
White Lotus was able to block the Heavenly Demon Phantom, but Wang Yanmiao's figure floated lightly. Wielding the Gentleman Sword, she chased after Luo Zheng. "I don't know how you did it. You're only at the Xiantian second stage, yet you're already so fast. You don't understand sword intent, but you've actually comprehended Sword Steps. You're truly the number one prodigy in history. But I've already said that it's useless.
Compared to Luo Zheng's strange Sword Steps, Wang Yanmiao's movement was much more graceful. Every time she took a step, a lotus bloomed on the ground. Her whole body was like a graceful swallow shuttling back and forth on the stage.
Because Wang Yanmiao had just released the "Grasping Flower Finger", the stage was now full of bumps and hollows, which affected Wang Yanmiao's movements. But Luo Zheng's Sword Steps were good at strange changes in direction and direction, so this environment was advantageous to Luo Zheng.
Even so, the distance between the two was constantly narrowing.
At this moment, everyone's heart was suddenly in suspense. Would Wang Yanmiao kill Luo Zheng?
Everyone was paying attention to this fight, not only because Luo Zheng was the genius of the whole peak, and not only because Wang Yanmiao was the best among the pro-disciples, but also because they were more interested in the grudge between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao.
While the two were fighting, they kept mocking each other. Obviously, Luo Yan and Wang Yanmiao had a grudge against each other. Although every disciple would do their best in the Peak Competition, it was rare for them to fall into a situation where they fought to the death. After all, most disciples understood the principle of "where there is life, there is hope".
It was good to be able to show up in the Peak Competition and get good results, but it was not worth it to lose one's life for it.
But the grudge in front of them was different. Whether it was Luo Zheng or Wang Yanmiao, they both wanted to trample each other under their feet and never make a comeback. So, the situation of the fight would be much more intense than the previous one!
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng's every move was blocked by Wang Yanmiao. Wang Yanmiao had an absolute advantage. In this case, Luo Zheng only had two endings.
Either he admitted defeat obediently, or he was killed by Wang Yanmiao. The ancient immortal weapon in Wang Yanmiao's hand was not used to cut melons and vegetables!
Seeing this scene, Elder Xu went to Shi Jingtian and asked, "Sect Master Shi, do you want to save Luo Zheng?"
The All-Peak Grand Competition was the most authoritative competition in Qingyun Sect. It was used to measure the level of the disciples. Therefore, the rules of the All-Peak Grand Competition were set to be almost old-fashioned and harsh. For example, when Hei Ming beat and even abused Zuo Yun, the referee would not intervene if Zuo Yun did not admit defeat.
Or when Wang Yanmiao used his Flower-pinching Finger to almost tear down the whole fighting arena, the referee still did not intervene and did not suspend the fight to repair the fighting arena.
Under normal circumstances, even Shi Jingtian would not interfere with the battles that were taking place in the All-Peak Grand Competition for his own sake.
However, Elder Xu already knew what Shi Jingtian was thinking. In Shi Jingtian's opinion, Luo Zheng was definitely a person worth nurturing. He paid attention to Luo Zheng and gave him a very high evaluation. This was rare for Shi Jingtian, who usually did not care about the affairs of the sect.
At this moment, Elder Xu saw Wang Yanmiao chasing after Luo Zheng with the Gentleman Sword. If Luo Zheng was really a piece of unpolished jade, it would be a pity if he was killed by Wang Yanmiao.
Shi Jingtian fixed his gaze on Luo Zheng. He frowned and said, "No need! Although this kid is being chased by Wang Yanmiao everywhere, do you see any panic on his face? I guess this kid still has a backup plan! "
Elder Xu saw that Luo Zheng was still very calm. He was using strange sword steps to turn left and right. Indeed, he was not panicking.
However, this only showed that Luo Zheng's temperament was steady and he was not panicking in the face of danger. This did not mean that Luo Zheng was not afraid of Wang Yanmiao's sword! In Elder Xu's opinion, Luo Zheng was already an arrow at the end of its flight. How could he resist? If he did not intervene, Luo Zheng would be killed by Wang Yanmiao in a few breaths of time.
However, looking at the sect master's situation, he did not seem to have any intention of intervening. What else could he, an elder, say?
At this moment, the distance between Wang Yanmiao and Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer. When the distance was shortened to a certain point, Wang Yanmiao's elegant figure landed on the ground again. He tapped the ground lightly with the tip of his foot. When the lotus flower bloomed, the Gentleman Sword in his hand had already been slashed out.
The target of his sword was not Luo Zheng's vital part, but Luo Zheng's hand.
The might of an ancient immortal weapon was extremely domineering. The domineering aura released by the Gentleman Sword in his hand did not match the sword's appearance. However, this did not affect the sword's might in the slightest. A high-grade immortal weapon was not only able to cut through iron like mud, it could also cut through Profound Artifacts and even Spirit Artifacts like vegetables.
One could imagine that even if Luo Zheng's body was comparable to a Spirit Artifact's, he would still be killed by this sword.
The instant Wang Yanmiao's sword slashed out, Luo Zheng seemed to have grown a pair of eyes on his back. He forcibly took a step to the side. Because of this small step, Luo Zheng's shoulder moved an inch away from Wang Yanmiao's sword, and he forcibly avoided Wang Yanmiao's sword.
At the same time, a sly smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He turned around and faced Wang Yanmiao head-on. The distance between the two of them was already quite close.
"You're courting death!" Wang Yanmiao did not expect that Luo Zheng would dare to face him head-on. He pulled back the Gentleman Sword and cut Luo Zheng again. However, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. He actually stretched out his hand and went straight for Wang Yanmiao's sword.
"Luo Zheng doesn't want his hands anymore? He wants to face the blade with his bare hands? Is he crazy? "
"How can Wang Yanmiao's sword be blocked with his bare hands? I'm sure that Luo Zheng's hands will be crippled!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng wanted to face Wang Yanmiao's sword with his bare hands, many people could not help but shake their heads. Facing a blade with one's bare hands was not a profound skill. Many people could do it. However, facing a blade with one's bare hands required many conditions. It required one's own strength to be much stronger than the opponent's.
Wang Yanmiao was not only stronger than Luo Zheng, but the sword in his hand was also an ancient immortal weapon. Was he not courting death? Many people imagined that Luo Zheng's hands would be chopped off and he would be covered in blood.
However, what they imagined did not happen.
Because Luo Zheng was not really facing the blade with his bare hands!
Facing an ancient immortal weapon, Luo Zheng would naturally not be so stupid as to use his bare hands to receive it, unless he really did not want his hands anymore.
He suddenly clenched his right hand into a fist and changed direction to smash the Gentleman Sword from the side.
He could not face the sharpness of the ancient immortal weapon head-on with his physical body, but his fist directly hit the back of the sword!
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, Wang Yanmiao revealed a faint smile. He was suddenly tired of Luo Zheng's petty tricks. The weak would always be the weak. Even if he was forced into a corner, he could not force him to use any tricks. He could only use such boring tricks!
It was very easy to counter Luo Zheng's move. All he needed to do was to follow the momentum of Luo Zheng's punch and swing it towards Luo Zheng. However, just as he was about to take away Luo Zheng's left arm, he had to change direction and take away Luo Zheng's right arm. This trick wouldn't change the situation at all.
However, the moment Luo Zheng's fist touched his sword, Wang Yanmiao's expression changed greatly!