Wang Yanmiao was at the Divine Reflection realm, so for her sword to be nearly knocked out of her hand by a Xiantian second stage Xiantian lifeform was without a doubt the biggest joke in the world.
Even though Luo Zheng was born with extraordinary strength, it was still impossible for him to rely on pure strength to achieve such an effect.
This was because after entering the Xiantian realm, one would infuse their weapons with true essence. For a swordsman, this was a basic skill. Everyone's sword wielding methods were slightly different, but they were generally divided into three meridian sword wielding methods and six meridian sword wielding methods.
Three meridian sword wielding methods were generally used by Xiantian lifeforms. After all, Xiantian lifeforms didn't have as much true essence as Divine Reflection experts. Thus, the true essence emitted from the Shaoshang, Shaoze, and Shaochong meridians was tightly bound to the treasured sword in their hands.
Six meridian sword wielding methods were generally used by Divine Reflection experts. At this moment, they would add the Guanchong, Zhongchong, and Shangyang meridians, and wrap the sword hilt with true essence from the six meridians.
The pinnacle of a swordsman was the so-called 'one with the sword'. Using true essence to link with one's sword was the foundation of 'one with the sword'. This was also why some people, when holding a sword, gave others the feeling that the sword and the person had become one. It was because of this method of wielding the sword.
Thus, although Luo Zheng's strength was great, it was virtually impossible for him to knock Wang Yanmiao's sword out of her hand and break the true essence link between the six meridians with a single punch. Besides, the Noble Sword was as light as a feather, so it would be difficult for it to withstand force.
But in reality, Luo Zheng had almost succeeded …
Luo Zheng's punch hadn't been very powerful. He'd only used the energy of the Phoenix Soar crystal, and hadn't borrowed the strength of the dragon scale.
But this punch contained an extremely terrifying vibrating force. The instant it touched the Noble Sword, the sword began to vibrate as well.
Although the frequency of the vibrations was small, they were extremely high. Caught off guard, a large part of the true essence link between the sword and the six meridians was instantly shattered. This was why Wang Yanmiao had almost let go of the Noble Sword.
Moreover, the violent vibrating force transmitted to Wang Yanmiao's body, causing her qi and blood to roil. It was extremely uncomfortable!
Everyone who was watching the fight was stunned once again.
Although not all of the warriors were swordsmen, they all had weapons. The way to hold a weapon was the most basic skill of a warrior. For example, a warrior who used a spear might use the acupuncture points on both hands to transmit Zhen Yuan. It was just that the acupuncture points from which Zhen Yuan gushed out were different from those of a swordsman.
Besides, the sword in Wang Yanmiao's hand was not a heavy sword. If it had been a broad-edged heavy sword, it might have been sent flying by a huge force. On the other hand, Wang Yanmiao's Noble Sword was extremely thin. It was as if someone was holding a piece of parchment. No matter how much force they used, they would not be able to send the parchment flying.
They really couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng's punch could have such an effect.
Xiao Yufeng's mentors, as well as Zuo Yun and the other disciples, saw that Luo Zheng had not only dodged Wang Yanmiao's attack, but also launched a sharp counterattack that almost caused Wang Yanmiao's sword to fly out of her hand. All of them heaved a sigh of relief.
As for Elder Xu, he had stretched his neck and nervously watched the fight between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao. He saw that Luo Zheng had blocked the sword with one hand. However, when Luo Zheng's fist was thrown out, such a turn of events caused his eyes to widen. For a moment, he was speechless.
On the other hand, Shi Jingtian had a calm smile on his face as he said, "This brat always has a way to reverse the situation!"
Shi Jingtian was quite far from the fighting arena. Although his strength was unfathomable, he couldn't see such details. However, although he couldn't see how Luo Zheng had done it, he could make a rough guess.
After Luo Zheng threw out this punch, he didn't stop at all.
At this time, he couldn't underestimate any opponent he encountered. As long as there was a chance, he had to grasp it tightly. He continued to press forward, sticking close to Wang Yanmiao's body as he started to throw out punches crazily.
Wang Yanmiao's reaction was incredibly fast. The moment the Noble Sword almost slipped out of his hand, he tapped against the ground lightly and quickly retreated. However, Luo Zheng was like a sticky candy that he could not shake off no matter how hard he tried! She wanted to use her sword to force Luo Zheng back, but Luo Zheng was fighting in close quarters with her. Moreover, each of his punches was accompanied by a strange vibration that was very difficult to deal with. Under such circumstances, Wang Yanmiao couldn't even use his Quintessential Origin to condense a lotus!
"Bang, bang, pu!"
In a hurry, every time Wang Yanmiao blocked a few punches from Luo Zheng, he would receive a punch from Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for Wang Yanmiao's Quintessential Origin that could barely dissolve Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, he would have been seriously injured and lying on the ground.
Even so, after receiving two or three punches, Wang Yanmiao felt as if the blood in his body had turned into a wild horse, crazily running through his body. A fishy taste suddenly rose up his throat. He was actually beaten to the point of vomiting blood by Luo Zheng!
"Bang!"
Wang Yanmiao took another punch from Luo Zheng. After deliberately taking this punch, Wang Yanmiao finally swung his sword and forced Luo Zheng to retreat half a meter in exchange for some time to catch his breath. Then, he instantly summoned a lotus in front of him to protect himself.
He originally thought that at this stage, he would have some time to catch his breath. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this opportunity! He casually sent a fist shadow towards him.
However, Wang Yanmiao already had a plan to deal with Luo Zheng's fist shadow. He only needed to release his Red Lotus Strange Fire to burn Luo Zheng's Quintessential Origin. Moreover, he could also use this opportunity to increase the distance between him and Luo Zheng.
Wang Yanmiao's plan was good, but he didn't expect that before it could be put into practice, a sudden change would occur!
When Luo Zheng's purple-black fist shadow approached his lotus, the starlight on it suddenly lit up.
Wang Yanmiao had already noticed that there were starlight mixed in Luo Zheng's Quintessential Origin. Although Wang Yanmiao had paid some attention to it, it didn't attract his attention.
But at this moment, the starlight suddenly burst out with an intense light, and a heart-palpitating energy erupted from it. Wang Yanmiao's lotus didn't even have time to bloom before it was completely engulfed by the annihilating energy from the starlight.
Not only that, when the starlight was annihilated, it produced a blazing white light that almost made Wang Yanmiao unable to open his eyes.
Because of this change, Luo Zheng once again approached Wang Yanmiao, waving his fist and fiercely smashing towards him!
After being tricked by Luo Zheng two or three times in a row, Wang Yanmiao was really angry at this moment. He needed to find a source to vent his anger. He shouted, "Do you think that I, Wang Yanmiao, am afraid of you in close combat?!"
"Bang, bang, bang!"
What answered Wang Yanmiao were Luo Zheng's fists.
Luo Zheng's punches were getting faster and faster. All the dragon scales in his body had already lit up, and his strength had already been pushed to the limit!
Wang Yanmiao's Quintessential Origin Protection was indeed sturdy, but Luo Zheng used the Vibrating Fist technique to shatter his Quintessential Origin Protection first, and then smashed his powerful fist into his body. The vibrating power directly penetrated into his internal organs. Even if Wang Yanmiao was an iron man, he couldn't withstand it.
After taking a dozen punches in a row, Wang Yanmiao finally couldn't bear it anymore. He spat out a big mouthful of blood, and weakly leaned against the light barrier.
Seeing this scene, many disciples were speechless. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would win in this way …
From the Peak Competition until now, very few disciples would choose to engage in close combat, especially after entering the Transmigration Competition. It was almost impossible for such a situation to occur.
This was because compared to Divine Realm martial artists, the growth of their physical strength was very slow. On the contrary, the growth of their Quintessential Origin Protection was very fast. Martial artists of the same level would find it difficult to break the opponent's Quintessential Origin Protection with their physical strength, let alone injure the opponent.
It was just that Luo Zheng was too abnormal. Not only did he have a tyrannical physical body, but he also used the Vibrating Fist technique that he comprehended in the "Illusory Fish Pond". This was how he was able to break Wang Yanmiao's Quintessential Origin Protection!
Under the multiple blows, it was extremely difficult for Wang Yanmiao to hold on. Finally, after taking several heavy blows from Luo Zheng, he was heavily injured and leaned against the light barrier.
"I, I still have the Lotus Battle Body that I haven't activated … In fact, you are not my opponent!" Wang Yanmiao leaned against the light barrier and said while panting.
Luo Zheng slowly walked in front of Wang Yanmiao, and sneered: "You can activate your Lotus Battle Body. I will give you time, I will give you a chance!"
"Puff!" Wang Yanmiao spat out another mouthful of blood. Luo Zheng's Vibrating Fist Force poured into his body and wantonly destroyed his internal organs. He had already suffered heavy internal injuries. Wang Yanmiao was afraid that he would not be able to participate in today's Transmigration Competition. "I, I …" In his current state, how could he use the Lotus Battle Body?
"Admit defeat. I said that you don't need to wait for three years. Now, you are not my opponent. Even if you still have the Lotus Battle Body that you haven't used, let me ask you, did I go all out?" Luo Zheng said indifferently. Just half a year ago, Luo Zheng had thought that Wang Yanmiao was an unattainable mountain, but in the All-Peak Tournament, Luo Zheng had used his own fists to defeat him!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Wang Yanmiao's eyes showed a trace of a dead expression …
Yes, thinking about it carefully, if Luo Zheng had used that moment of annihilation of starlight to throw out those strange throwing knives, then perhaps he would have already lost his life … …
In the battle with him, Luo Zheng had not even used a soul attack from the beginning to the end. Although he had specially prepared a jade pendant that could defend against soul attacks, but Luo Zheng's strength had advanced rapidly in the past six months, and whether or not it could defend against his soul attack was still uncertain … …
I, a dignified Illuminating God realm martial artist, couldn't even defeat a Xiantian second stage martial artist, Luo Zheng, and still boasted of being a genius … …
Even with Wang Yanmiao's arrogant character, at this moment, he couldn't help but blame himself in his heart, and in his eyes, it seemed as if something was slowly breaking.
Luo Zheng looked at Wang Yanmiao indifferently. He understood that Wang Yanmiao's heart of martial arts had been damaged by his own hands. Some people's hearts of martial arts were very tenacious, and even if they were defeated again and again, they would still make a comeback, but Wang Yanmiao was of noble birth and had an arrogant nature. Under this kind of setback and blow, he was unable to accept this result. His heart of martial arts had collapsed in an instant, and at the same time, there were signs of Qi deviation!
Once Wang Yanmiao's heart of martial arts was damaged, it was equivalent to crippling him.
And Qi deviation would be even more serious, and it was very likely that Wang Yanmiao would turn into a lunatic.
＝＝＝＝＝