The so-called Qigong Deviation was a hurdle that one could not cross after suffering a major setback.
At this time, those setbacks would turn into inner demons, constantly hinting to oneself, thus causing greater damage to one's soul.
In this case, it was very difficult for others to intervene and solve it.
Outside the arena, Ouyang Tangzuo's expression was very ugly at this moment. Wang Yanmiao was his chief disciple and his greatest pride, but he did not expect that not only would Wang Yanmiao be defeated by Luo Zheng, but she would also suffer Qigong Deviation!
At this moment, he did not have a better way, but he knew that if a person was on the verge of Qigong Deviation, the more he comforted them, the opposite effect would occur. It would completely push them into the abyss of Qigong Deviation.
It was like many women who could endure when they were angry, but once someone comforted them, those women could not help but burst into tears!
However, Luo Zheng slowly walked up to the white lotus. Wang Yanmiao had no time to care about the white lotus at this moment. Without the supplement of Zhen Yuan, the white lotus was slowly collapsing.
Luo Zheng walked up step by step and stood at the top of the white lotus, looking down at Wang Yanmiao.
"I can give you a chance, a chance to follow in my footsteps! Three years later, you can fight with me! However, you are destined to be unable to surpass me, but if you don't even have the courage to chase after me, then you might as well die, because although your talent is outstanding, your heart of martial arts is far from firm. Just a little setback will make you unable to extricate yourself. Even if you have not encountered it, you will not be able to go too far … "
"The world is so big, and the human population in the Eastern Domain is in the trillions. I heard that the Central Domain is ten times larger than the Eastern Domain. The genius disciples born in the Central Domain have been nourished with various elixirs since childhood, and the cultivation methods they practice are far beyond the Heaven Stage. Their masters are unfathomable, and they have inherited the talent of their parents. Perhaps some geniuses can defeat you at the age of ten or even younger. Even now, compared to them, I am still insignificant. Your so-called pride is just an arrogant lie …"
"If you understand this, then you should understand that your pride is nothing but an illusion. Shatter it and cultivate with your feet on the ground. You might still have a chance to catch up to me. Otherwise, you'll just be a piece of trash in this world. No, not only will you be a piece of trash in the future, but this also proves that you were a piece of trash before!"
Luo Zheng's words pierced Wang Yanmiao's heart. Every word was like a knife piercing Wang Yanmiao's heart and penetrating his brain.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ouyang Tang Zuo couldn't help but roar, "Luo Zheng! You've already won against Wang Yanmiao, don't go too far! "
It was indeed too much of a bully. Wang Yanmiao was already on the verge of going mad, and Luo Zheng still wanted to step on her.
Although most people were optimistic about Wang Yanmiao before, and Luo Zheng easily reversed the situation and defeated Luo Zheng, in fact, many people still stood on Luo Zheng's side.
After all, in their eyes, Luo Zheng was the inferior party. He was born in the grass roots, while Wang Yanmiao was a descendant of a landowning household and a direct disciple under Ouyang Tang Zuo. Wang Yanmiao was incomparably strong, not to mention that he had vainly tried to encroach on Luo Zheng's younger sister, Luo Yan. The public's subconscious generally liked to stand on the weak side against the strong.
But after Luo Zheng's words, the situation suddenly reversed.
Adding insult to injury at this time was tantamount to pushing Wang Yanmiao into the fire pit. It was too much.
However, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear. He just stood in the gradually dissipating lotus and looked at Wang Yanmiao like a spring breeze. At this moment, even though Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, everyone saw it as endless ridicule.
Many people sighed at this moment: Wang Yanmiao was finished. In the future, they would probably never see this genius disciple who was doted on by thousands of people. The Blue Cloud Sect would probably have one more idiot because of this.
But right at this moment, a lotus shadow suddenly appeared beneath Wang Yanmiao's feet. At the same time, the blank and sorrowful expression on Wang Yanmiao's face was swept away, replaced by an ethereal expression. He seemed to be looking at everyone, but at the same time, he didn't seem to be looking at anyone. This strange situation lasted for a few breaths of time before he closed his eyes.
At the same time, a huge lotus phantom appeared under his feet!
Then, an incomparably holy, elegant, and fragrant white lotus grew rapidly. As soon as the white lotus appeared, it wrapped around him.
"This is …" Ouyang Tang took a deep breath and was so shocked that he was speechless.
Shi Jingtian also stood up from his chair. Although he expected Luo Zheng to defeat Wang Yanmiao, he never expected such a thing to happen. After staring blankly for a while, he shook his head with a smile and said, "I didn't expect that I still underestimated Luo Zheng. He knew that Wang Yanmiao was on the verge of Qi Deviation, but he still used words to provoke Wang Yanmiao. He wanted to help Wang Yanmiao and stimulate Wang Yanmiao to regain his martial heart. I didn't expect the effect to be so good. Wang Yanmiao actually had an epiphany!"
Epiphany …
Elder Xu stared blankly at the huge white lotus. His eyes were also filled with envy.
For every martial artist, this was an opportunity that could only be encountered by chance. Elder Xu had lived for so many years, but he had never experienced an epiphany. Moreover, the stronger one was, the deeper one's understanding of martial arts was, and the harder it was to have an epiphany. After all, epiphany required a certain level of ignorance of martial arts. If one was already halfway through, it would be difficult to have an epiphany.
Wang Yanmiao had already stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm. After this epiphany, his strength would increase by quite a bit!
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng's words would have such an effect?
What was even more frightening was that Luo Zheng's calm expression seemed to have already expected this to happen!
"Wang Yanmiao was originally at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm. Among all the pro-disciples, his strength was at the top. If he had an epiphany this time, I'm afraid no pro-disciple would be his opponent!"
"It's undeniable that Wang Yanmiao's epiphany will indeed increase his strength greatly. Especially in this kind of despair, he can often break through his own bottleneck in an instant. However, it's better not to say that pro-disciples are invincible. Although the realm is important in a battle between martial artists, look at Luo Zheng. He's only at the Xiantian Second Stage. He has already broken through this common sense!"
"Yes, yes. For example, Hua Tianming hasn't drawn his sword so far. Who knows how terrifying he will be after he draws his sword? Perhaps with Hua Tianming's Xiantian Full Circle strength, he might be able to sweep away all the pro-disciples! "
Because Wang Yanmiao had entered a state of epiphany, the battle in the Transmigration competition was suspended. After about the time it took for an incense stick to burn, a crack suddenly appeared on the surface of the white lotus around Wang Yanmiao. The crack continued to spread and finally covered the entire lotus.
In the end, the white lotus collapsed. Wang Yanmiao, who was sitting in it, opened his eyes.
At this moment, Wang Yanmiao seemed to have taken on a new look. His eyes were full of vitality. His temperament changed slightly after the epiphany. The fierce domineering aura in his Qi Power faded away and was replaced by a kind of tranquil and noble Qi Power!
"I've always thought that this All-Peak Grand Competition was already in my bag, and I only needed to take it. When I met you in the first round, I thought it would be easier, but I didn't expect to be defeated like this. Moreover, I lost so miserably. I couldn't figure out why I lost to you like this, but now I understand!"
The world was so big. No matter how powerful a genius was, he had to have the awareness of a frog at the bottom of a well!
It was not terrible to be a frog at the bottom of a well. What was terrible was to have a narrow vision and not be able to stand the stimulation of the outside world, leading to Qigong Deviation.
Wang Yanmiao's enlightenment in an instant broadened his state of mind by countless times. He even vaguely touched a trace of Zen in his "Lotus Treasure Mirror".
Ouyang Tangzhe had once told Wang Yanmiao that although the Lotus Treasure Mirror was a Heaven-class cultivation technique, its power far exceeded that of ordinary Heaven-class cultivation techniques. It could not be compared to ordinary Heavenly Tribulation cultivation techniques.
Because the "Lotus Treasure Mirror" was passed down from a superpower in the Central Domain, if one wanted to exert its full power, he had to comprehend a trace of "Zen" in it.
Now, Wang Yanmiao had touched the Zen in it. He believed that as long as he was given time, he would completely understand it.
"Thank you!" Wang Yanmiao's expression was indifferent. He bowed to Luo Zheng and then walked down from the arena. When he arrived in front of Ouyang Tang, Wang Yanmiao bowed deeply again. "Master, this disciple has deeply comprehended and wants to cultivate in seclusion. I'm afraid this disciple will not be able to participate in the remaining matches of the Peak Competition."
"This …" A trace of hesitation appeared on Ouyang Tangzui's face. After all, Ouyang Tangzui still attached great importance to the All-Peak Grand Competition. If Wang Yanmiao could get into the top three of the All-Peak Grand Competition, then as her master, he would also feel proud. Moreover, the top three of the All-Peak Grand Competition would also be able to walk the Blue Clouds Road once. This Blue Clouds Road was also very beneficial to Wang Yanmiao.
However, when he saw Wang Yanmiao's appearance, Ouyang Tang's expression changed. Perhaps Wang Yanmiao had comprehended something incomparably important during his moment of enlightenment. In that case, it would definitely be best for him to cultivate in seclusion and digest those things. After all, this Azure Clouds Road could be walked after three years, and sudden enlightenment was a great opportunity. Many people might not encounter it even once in their lifetime …
Therefore, Ouyang Tang nodded. "Yanmiao, I permit you to cultivate in seclusion."
The battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao could be said to be abnormally complicated. Who would have thought that Wang Yanmiao would be able to inexplicably turn the tables on Luo Zheng when he had the advantage and even used an ancient immortal artifact? Even now, no one could tell that Luo Zheng had used the power of vibration to send Wang Yanmiao's sword flying.