There were too many twists and turns, and the audience couldn't help but sigh. Their attention to the ongoing battle on the stage decreased.
Because of the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao, a part of the arena was completely destroyed. After the battle, many craftsmen of the Blue Cloud Sect transported boulders to fill up the potholes made by Wang Yanmiao. Then, the elders set up new arrays and boundaries before the battle began.
In this round, two pro-disciples appeared on the stage at the same time, but their opponents were both Xiantian Full Cycle experts. Although the strength of Xiantian Full Cycle experts was not ordinary, they were not like Hua Tianming. They were destined to be unable to create an upset, and the two pro-disciples won easily.
The Transmigration Competition was carried out round by round. Among the pro-disciples, except for Wang Yanmiao who lost to Luo Zheng, the other pro-disciples all won.
And this year's Peak disciples were equally outstanding. Quan Xiaoyan, Hua Tianming, Xie Yun and the others still maintained their winning streaks. However, they maintained their winning streaks because they did not encounter stronger opponents. For example, Wu Xie of Tianyi Peak encountered pro-disciple Huo Ganxin in the battle and was defeated immediately.
Now, many disciples were looking forward to the confrontation between the top disciples of the Peak and the pro-disciples. This was the biggest highlight of the All-Peak Competition. For example, the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao was full of twists and turns and was full of danger, which made people think about it very much.
In a corner of the All-Peak Competition, Zhenren Tianqiong was sitting on a futon, overlooking the whole arena. Then, his eyes crossed the arena and fell on Luo Zheng.
His face, which was like pine bark, was full of a malicious expression at the moment.
"The three generations of the Luo family were very ordinary. The last generation of the family was just a Xiantian Full Cycle expert. But I didn't expect that in this generation, two super geniuses would emerge one after another. Luo Yan had a special and rare physique, but I didn't expect that Luo Zheng would pop out. Not only was he born with great strength, but his body was also tyrannical to an abnormal extent. Moreover, he also practiced the" Heavenly Devil Fist ", a heaven-defying cultivation method! This guy's talent is not as good as Luo Yan's, but in fact, his fighting capacity is more terrifying than Luo Yan's. I've offended him and punished Luo Yan, so he won't let me go easily. Now, I have to kill him before he grows up to avoid future troubles! "Zhenren Tianqiong said slowly.
Immortal Zi Qing was also sitting on a futon, and at this moment, he was also resting with his eyes closed. Hearing Zhenren Tianqiong's words, Immortal Zi Qing shook his head. "Previously, you said that you would arrange a disciple to assassinate Luo Zheng in the All-Peak Competition. Although I don't know who you're looking for, if you want to kill Luo Zheng in the arena, you must have the strength to defeat him first. I think it's very difficult to find such a person!"
Zhenren Tianqiong had indeed arranged for a Divine Reflection disciple to attack Luo Zheng in the arena. However, that disciple became timid after Luo Zheng defeated Zhou Dan.
This was because although that Divine Reflection disciple was also a top existence in the mountain, he was no match for Zhou Dan. If that Divine Reflection disciple couldn't defeat Zhou Dan, there was no way he could defeat Luo Zheng. If he couldn't even defeat him in a fight, how could he kill him?
Luo Zheng's exposed true strength unknowingly caused Zhenren Tianqiong's plan to fail.
"Indeed, it's very difficult to find a disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect who can kill Luo Zheng, but now, we have a candidate!" Zhenren Tianqiong said slowly.
"Who is it?" Immortal Zi Qing asked.
"Jiang Shili," Zhenren Tianqiong said.
"You're saying to let Shili go on stage and kill Luo Zheng?" Immortal Zi Qing's voice suddenly rose by two notches.
Zhenren Tianqiong stared at Immortal Zi Qing with cold eyes. "Zi Qing, can you speak louder!"
Although they were quite a distance away from the battle arena, there were still many elders around the battle arena. Even the Sect Master was present. If they wanted to listen in, it wouldn't be difficult for them.
Immortal Zi Qing's expression changed. He lowered his voice and said, "Tianqiong, I think you should give up. Shili is my disciple. If he kills Luo Zheng, do you think Su Lingyun won't come looking for you?"
A sneer appeared on Zhenren Tianqiong's face. "If it was a month ago, I wouldn't have dared to let Jiang Shili do it. After all, Jiang Shili is your disciple. That's why I looked for a disciple from the 33 peaks instead of any personal disciple. But now, Su Lingyun is deeply involved in the internal strife of the royal family. There are rumors that Su Lingyun has been put under house arrest. She can't even take care of herself now. How could she have the chance to notice Luo Zheng?"
There was still some hesitation on Immortal Zi Qing's face. "But Luo Zheng's current performance must have attracted the Sect Master's attention. If Jiang Shili kills Luo Zheng, won't he be blamed by the Sect Master?"
Zhenren Tianqiong sneered. "Geniuses are only valued when they are alive. A dead genius is no longer a genius. He is just a dead man!" After Zhenren Tianqiong finished speaking, he saw that Immortal Zi Qing still had some hesitation on his face. He sneered and said, "Don't forget, back then, Luo Yan was beaten into Purgatory Mountain by you. If Luo Zheng is not killed, with his talent, he will definitely enter the Cloud Hall. He might even become a core disciple of the Cloud Hall. No matter how well he does, if he uses the Cloud Hall to suppress the Blue Cloud Sect, will you and I have a good ending?"
The Cloud Hall was a lofty behemoth for the Blue Cloud Sect and even the entire Eastern Region.
Even if a core disciple of the Cloud Hall came to the Blue Cloud Sect, the Sect Master had to personally come out to receive him. From this, one could see the relationship between the Cloud Hall and the Blue Cloud Sect!
Immortal Zi Qing couldn't refute Zhenren Tianqiong's opinion because what he said was right.
If Luo Zheng could really embark on the Qingyun Road and enter the Cloud Hall, then they would live in fear in the future. If Luo Zheng became a core disciple of the Cloud Hall, or made some contributions to the Cloud Hall and was promoted to an official position, it would be too easy for him to take revenge on Zhenren Tianqiong.
Perhaps killing Luo Zheng was the only way to break out of this situation.
"Sigh, I just didn't expect that Su Lingyun would be caught up in the internal strife of the Sky-Burning Dynasty so quickly. If I had known about this earlier, I would have killed Luo Zheng on the day of the trial!" Zhenren Tianqiong said fiercely.
That day, Zhenren Tianqiong was indeed worried about Su Lingyun and the Emperor's Medallion in Su Lingyun's hands. After all, the strength of the Emperor of the Sky-Burning Palace was similar to that of Shi Jingtian. Moreover, it was said that the Emperor's position in the Cloud Hall was even higher than that of Shi Jingtian.
If Su Lingyun really fought to the death and used the Emperor's Medallion, then Zhenren Tianqiong would really be in trouble.
He didn't expect that in these two months, there would suddenly be internal strife in the Sky-Burning Palace. Then, a lot of news came. The most important news was that Su Qian was already dead! This news came from the palace and was highly credible.
Su Lingyun's biggest reliance was actually Su Qian. However, now that it was rumored that Su Qian was already dead, the princes were busy fighting for the throne. Under such circumstances, Zhenren Tianqiong naturally wouldn't be afraid of Su Lingyun.
Zhenren Tianqiong explained the pros and cons. Perfected Zi Qing obviously had his own answer. Now it seemed that Luo Zheng really had to be eliminated. Otherwise, he would become a big problem for them.
Jiang Shili was Perfected Zi Qing's greatest pride. Perfected Zi Qing's strength was at the bottom among the top ten Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, his disciple Jiang Shili had greatly increased his reputation. Because personal disciples rarely had the opportunity to learn from each other, the ranking of their strength could only be reviewed during the All-Sect Grand Competition.
However, in Perfected Zi Qing's opinion, whether Jiang Shili could get first place was unknown. However, it was not a problem for him to get into the top five!
In other words, there were only four or five people in the Blue Cloud Sect who could really challenge Jiang Shili and pose a threat to him.
With Jiang Shili's strength, killing Luo Zheng would be as easy as taking something out of his pocket!
Thinking of this, Perfected Zi Qing used his True Yuan voice transmission to remind Jiang Shili to prepare for battle.
On the other hand, Zhenren Tianqiong was trying to arrange a battle between Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili …
Luo Zheng was unaware of all this. He didn't know that a murderous plot against him had quietly been set up.
At this moment, the battle in the arena began to heat up again.
"Jade Maiden Peak's Quan Xiaoyan versus personal disciple Mo Yuxin!"
There were very few female disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. Now, the only disciple from Jade Maiden Peak who had not been eliminated was Quan Xiaoyan. Mo Yuxin was the only female personal disciple.
Both of them were heaven's favored daughters, and both of them had stunning looks. However, Quan Xiaoyan was simple yet elegant. She was petite, just like a small deer walking out of the forest after the first blooming of spring flowers. She gave off a natural and intimate feeling.
On the other hand, Mo Yuxin was tall and had fair and delicate skin. Compared to Quan Xiaoyan, she was less youthful but more charming and appeared more mature.
In a battle between favored by the heavens, their combat power far exceeded that of most male disciples. Even if the two of them were not strong, this battle was still quite interesting.
Quan Xiaoyan had maintained a winning streak so far, just like Luo Zheng. On the other hand, Mo Yuxin was a personal disciple, so this was her first battle.
Mo Yuxin was originally sitting next to Senior Brother Pei. When she heard Quan Xiaoyan's name and then her name, she could not help but curl her lips and say, "Senior Brother Pei, I hate fighting women!"
Senior Brother Pei smiled, "Why? Aren't you a woman yourself?"
"Too weak!" Mo Yuxin spat out two simple words.
Who knew that her Senior Brother Pei would say with a straight face, "Quan Xiaoyan is not weak. Who knows how many powerful disciples have fallen at her hands! If you look down on her, I'm afraid you will suffer. "
Mo Yuxin curled her lips and a disdainful expression appeared on her face. She then sneered, "The powerful disciples that Senior Brother Pei is talking about are the trash from the 33 peaks. I hate Senior Brother Pei the most. You're so fake. Those people's strength is clearly not worth mentioning in your eyes, just like trash. You still praise them hypocritically. Aren't you just trying to show that you're more powerful? I don't want to talk to you anymore. Since Quan Xiaoyan is so powerful, then I'll go and end her winning streak. I wonder how powerful I will become if I defeat her … "
After saying that, Mo Yuxin walked towards the battle arena with graceful steps.