When the two women stood on the stage, they immediately attracted the attention of all the disciples.
When a man saw a woman, he couldn't help but comment. Whether it was Quan Xiaoyan or Mo Yuxin, they were both peerless beauties. Not only did they look like fairies, they were also very strong. This in itself was a big attraction.
"Who do you think is stronger between these two women?"
"It's most likely Mo Yuxin. After all, she is a direct disciple. Moreover, Mo Yuxin is older than Quan Xiaoyan."
"Who cares who is stronger? In my opinion, they should be evenly matched! When these two women fight, they will fight to the death. It'll be good if they tear their clothes apart and reveal some of their spring scenery! "
Once a man started to comment on a woman, there was always no taboo. He didn't even think about lowering his voice.
When these words reached Quan Xiaoyan's ears, she only turned her head and glared fiercely at them. However, it was different for Mo Yuxin.
Mo Yuxin wasn't famous in the mountain peak, but among the direct disciples, she was a famous little witch. Her actions were ruthless, and her temper was more violent than a man's. If she was treated like an ignorant woman, then she would definitely suffer a great loss.
Mo Yuxin slowly walked to the front of the arena and jumped down from the arena.
"She came down! She actually left the stage! "
"Isn't it said that once you enter the stage, you can't come down? Wouldn't that be considered a loss? "
"Damn, senior apprentice brother Qin is out of luck. This Mo Yuxin doesn't care about the rules. What Master Qin said just now was heard by others!"
The direction Mo Yuxin walked towards was where the Xiao Yufeng disciples were. The one who said he wanted to see the two women's spring scenery was an inner disciple on the Xiao Yufeng Peak. That disciple was called Qin Gang, and he was ranked sixth in the Xiao Yufeng Peak.
Mo Yuxin walked in front of Qin Gang with a cold face. She looked at Qin Gang and suddenly smiled. Her smile was very gentle, and the soft lines of her face made her look even more charming. "Just now, you said you wanted to see spring scenery?"
Although Qin Gang liked to talk nonsense, he was not a fool. Although Mo Yuxin was smiling, even an idiot could tell that she was extremely angry at this moment.
Qin Gang's strength was at the bottom of the All-Peak Grand Competition. His current score was one win and seven losses. He had already been eliminated in the group stage. He was a talkative person. Now that he saw Mo Yuxin standing in front of him, he was scared silly.
If he admitted it now, he would be courting death. Thus, Qin Gang shook his head like a rattle-drum. "Miss Mo, did you hear wrongly? I didn't say that."
However, Mo Yuxin didn't care whether Qin Gangcheng admitted it or not. She continued to smile and said, "If you want to see it, it's not impossible!"
"Hmm?" When the disciples heard this, they immediately suspected that they had misheard. Did this girl really not mind people looking at her?
"But after you're done, you have to dig your eyeballs out," Mo Yuxin added.
Hearing this, many disciples felt a chill in their hearts. They were very sure that Mo Yuxin would definitely do as she said.
"No, Miss Mo, I don't want to see it." Qin Gang continued to shake his head.
"You don't want to see it?" Mo Yuxin continued to smile. "It's fine if you don't want to see it, but you just said with your mouth that I don't have to dig your eyeballs out. In that case, I'll cut off your tongue!"
Qin Gang's face turned pale at this moment. He could only look at Mentor Wen next to him for help.
Mentor Wen's face was also full of bitterness. Not only did Qin Gang come in last place in the All-Peak Grand Competition, but he also caused trouble by provoking Mo Yuxin, this jinx. He really didn't know what was good for him. But then again, his tongue was cut off just because he talked too much. This punishment was too harsh. This girl was really ruthless!
After all, Mentor Wen was a mentor who led the team to participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition. He couldn't really have his tongue cut off just because of Qin Gang's words. He could only walk out and say, "Miss Mo, our Xiao Yufeng's disciple was indeed at fault for speaking rudely. I will reprimand him according to Xiao Yufeng's rules. Qin Gang, quickly apologize to Miss Mo!"
When Qin Gang heard Mentor Wen's words, he immediately said, "Miss Mo, I was wrong just now. I shouldn't have said such vulgar words! Please forgive me, Miss Mo! "
Mo Yuxin turned a deaf ear to Qin Gang's words. She still repeated, "Gouge out your eyes or cut off your tongue. Choose one!"
"This …" Qin Gang's face was sullen. He was already out of his wits.
Mentor Wen was also at his wit's end. He could only look for help from others. At least there were still referees and elders to maintain order in the All-Peak Grand Competition.
However, the referee in the arena turned his head away, as if he didn't want to deal with this matter at all. Even the two elders who were present before had disappeared at this time. It seemed that they didn't want to provoke Mo Yuxin, this witch.
This was really troublesome. Qin Gang did cause trouble from his mouth, but Mentor Wen really couldn't just stand by and watch Qin Gang get his eyes gouged out or his tongue cut off …
In the end, Mentor Wen looked at Luo Zheng.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng had been sitting on the side without saying a word.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, Qin Gang was indeed a foul-mouthed guy.
In fact, it didn't matter if he had a foul-mouthed guy. In a battle between warriors, shouting and provoking the opponent could make mistakes in the confusion after getting agitated. This was also a kind of method.
However, a foul-mouthed guy had to have the strength to do so! If the foul-mouthed guy wasn't Qin Gang but Hua Tianming or other personal disciples, Mo Yuxin might not dare to go up and let them gouge out his eyes and cut his tongue. The mistake was that Qin Gang's strength was low. How dare he talk nonsense? Wasn't he courting death?
In Luo Zheng's opinion, so what if he was a Tongfeng disciple?
He helped Zuo Yun and taught Hei Ming a lesson because Zuo Yun had helped him before. At least, he had helped him provide some information about the All-Peak Grand Competition.
Luo Zheng's character had always been like this. If someone helped him, he would definitely return the favor tenfold!
Although Qin Gang was a Tongfeng disciple, he was already unhappy with the foul-mouthed guy. He deserved to be taught a lesson by Mo Yuxin.
However, when Mentor Wen looked over, his eyes were asking for help, so Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. Forget it. After all, he was a disciple of Xiao Yufeng. Xiao Yufeng's tens of thousands of disciples were still watching through the letter tablet. If a disciple of Xiao Yufeng really had his eyes gouged out and his tongue cut out because of a few words, it would really be a big loss of face.
Therefore, Luo Zheng walked over and said to Mo Yuxin with a smile, "Miss Mo, Qin Gang has already apologized. I think we should forget about this matter. If you're not satisfied, I can let Qin Gang apologize to you a few more times."
In Mo Yuxin's eyes, all the disciples of Xiao Yufeng were just a bunch of trash. Even Xiao Yufeng's Mentor Wen didn't have any weight in front of her. However, Luo Zheng was a little special.
In this All-Peak Grand Competition, Luo Zheng was a rising star. From the start of the All-Peak Grand Competition until now, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming could be considered the two most dazzling new stars.
Hua Tianming was still okay. After all, Hua Tianming's reputation had already spread in the Blue Cloud Sect. He was the youngest and also the strongest sword cultivator in Tianyi Peak. But what about Luo Zheng? Before this, he wasn't famous at all. No one knew where he came from. He inexplicably stood out from Xiao Yufeng and won all the way. Now, even Wang Yanmiao was defeated by him.
If Hua Tianming could be called a dark horse, then Luo Zheng was a dark horse among dark horses.
"Apologize?" Mo Yuxin sneered. "How much can an apology be worth? If apologies were useful in this world, then there would be no need for people to practice martial arts, and there wouldn't be any disputes. Luo Zheng, do you agree with me? "
Luo Zheng nodded. "Miss Mo's words are reasonable. Apologies are indeed useless. It's just a way for the weak to compromise with the strong. If Qin Gang's strength was far beyond Miss Mo's, he wouldn't need to apologize to you at all. If he said it, then so be it. I believe Miss Mo can't do anything to him. But just because he's weak, Miss Mo has no bottom line to gouge out his eyes and cut his tongue.
"Too much? Since he's weaker than me, then nothing I do is too much, "Mo Yuxin said rudely.
"If I say that Miss Mo is weaker than me, does that mean nothing I do to you is too much?" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
After Luo Zheng said this, the surroundings suddenly became quiet.
Everyone knew that a witch like Mo Yuxin was difficult to deal with, but Luo Zheng didn't seem to have this awareness at all. He was too bold to directly say this to Mo Yuxin.
This sentence could be interpreted in many ways, especially when a man said this to a woman. Most people would think that it was vulgar.
Mo Yuxin stared at Luo Zheng's face and sneered. "If you're really stronger than me, then nothing you do is too much! But if you lose to me, then you'll be at my disposal! "
"Okay, but Qin Gang's matter is over." Luo Zheng nodded lightly.
Luo Zheng originally didn't want to care about Qin Gang, but since he had already stood up, he might as well take this matter on.
In fact, Luo Zheng also knew that he would have to fight Mo Yuxin in the Transmigration Competition sooner or later. But through Qin Gang's words, there was an additional promise of a fight. As for this promise, it was actually a little vague.
Although it was vague, it was still a little troublesome.
If Luo Zheng won, it would be fine. He wasn't interested in dealing with this little witch. If he lost, only God knew what she would do to torture him.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Yuxin suddenly shook her head. "Over? How can people who offend me be forgiven so easily! "Suddenly, a green-grey light appeared in her hand and shot towards Qin Gang.
Luo Zheng didn't expect Mo Yuxin to attack without warning. What's more, she was so close to Qin Gang. Seeing that it was too late to stop her, Luo Zheng just shouted, "Miss Mo, don't!"
But it was already too late. The green-grey light went straight to Qin Gang's chest. It went through his chest and then came out from his back.
Qin Gang's eyes were wide open. His eyes were full of panic. He covered his chest with his hand. That chest was where his heart was. Once the heart was damaged, it would be a fatal injury.
But after Luo Zheng used his Divine Sense to scan, there was no panic on his face. Although Mo Yuxin liked to mess around, this time she had a sense of propriety. Her green-grey light was extremely accurate. It drilled into a space next to Qin Gang's heart. It didn't damage Qin Gang's important blood vessels. So although the injury looked terrible, it wouldn't be fatal. It wouldn't even leave a root of the disease.
She just wanted to make Qin Gang suffer a little.
People with bad mouths will eventually suffer a little.
Mo Yuxin's attack succeeded. She didn't look back. She turned her head and walked back to the arena. But there was a smile on her face.
＝＝＝＝＝