When she was fighting Quan Xiaoyan, Qin Gang wasn't the only one with a foul mouth. The male disciples of the 33 peaks were always like this. However, the reason why she chose Qin Gang was because she was certain that Luo Zheng would intervene.
Following Luo Zheng's performance on the stage, Mo Yuxin's interest in him increased bit by bit. She felt that just making two holes in Luo Zheng's body was no longer enough to satisfy her, so she came up with this method.
"En, if I win, how should I deal with Luo Zheng?" Mo Yuxin thought about this question as she walked.
Logically speaking, Mo Yuxin casually walked out of the stage. According to the rules of the competition, she should be declared the loser. However, the Blue Cloud Sect would always take care of their direct disciples. Moreover, Mo Yuxin's background was very big, so the referees wouldn't look for trouble. If they angered Mo Yuxin, they would be the unlucky ones.
Quan Xiaoyan had been waiting for a long time. However, she was an obedient girl. She rarely lost her temper and was very kind to others. Just now, those male disciples were spouting nonsense. In fact, she was also very angry. However, she wasn't as ruthless as Mo Yuxin.
Mo Yuxin looked at Quan Xiaoyan indifferently. She then shook her head and said, "Your talent is very high, and your strength is also very strong. However, you are not my opponent."
"Why?" Quan Xiaoyan's small face revealed an unconvinced expression.
Mo Yuxin smiled faintly and said, "From your performance just now, I can see that you are not ruthless enough. Especially towards men, you must be ruthless. If you can't do that, then you are destined to not be my opponent."
Quan Xiaoyan raised her eyebrows, "That's not necessarily true. I am not ruthless towards men, but who knows if I am especially ruthless towards women?"
"Ruthless towards women?" Mo Yuxin's smile became even wider, "I don't believe you!"
"If you don't believe me, you can try." After Quan Xiaoyan finished speaking, a small and exquisite jade sword jumped into her jade hand. Quan Xiaoyan's cultivation method walked the path of agility, so her killing intent was not dense. Moreover, Quan Xiaoyan was extremely fast in almost every battle. In a short period of time, she would break down her opponent's defense and obtain victory by placing her jade sword against her opponent's neck.
After encountering a direct disciple like Mo Yuxin, Quan Xiaoyan knew that she could no longer stay behind. She had to give it her all.
Therefore, Quan Xiaoyan's first move was ruthless. Just like she said, she was ruthless towards women.
"Jade Hundred Flower's Sword!"
Quan Xiaoyan took a step forward. Strands of True Essence condensed into all kinds of flowers and poured into the jade sword. At the same time, her movement technique was also very agile. She took small quick steps and rushed towards Mo Yuxin.
The Jade Maiden's Hundred Flower Sword could stab out a hundred times in a short period of time.
...........................................................................................
Boring thrusting, sheathing, thrusting, sheathing.
..........................
........... by............ were.... took a............
But as she practiced again and again, this time slowly decreased from an incense's time to half an incense's time.
Later on, she only needed fifty breaths of time for every one hundred sword stabs. Forty breaths of time.
Now, she only needed three breaths of time to stab a hundred sword stabs!
What kind of concept was three breaths of time? In other words, she could stab thirty times in one breath. This was an extremely terrifying speed.
Therefore, when Quan Xiaoyan attacked, most people only saw a handful of sword shadows. Those sword shadows were accompanied by all kinds of flowers. There were peonies, chrysanthemums, camellias …
Avoiding this level of speed was definitely a challenge for her opponent. If they were not strong enough, they would be pierced into a sieve in an instant!
But Quan Xiaoyan's opponent was Mo Yuxin. She was a woman, but she was not easy to deal with!
Mo Yuxin waved her hand and a weapon jumped into her hand. Then, countless green and grey lights rushed out from her hand.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding!"
The two women exchanged countless blows in an instant. Quan Xiaoyan's green sword light collided with Mo Yuxin's green and grey light, creating a crisp sound.
The jade sword in Quan Xiaoyan's hand was clearly not an ordinary item. Although it looked like a sword made of jade, when it collided with Mo Yuxin's weapon, it produced a crisp and melodious sound. It did not break at all.
After the first round, the two women retreated a few steps. Quan Xiaoyan's chest heaved up and down, but Mo Yuxin was calm and composed. She still had a smile on her face. At this moment, everyone saw that the weapon in Mo Yuxin's hand was a green and grey Emei Piercer.
"I also like such a ruthless woman!" Mo Yuxin smiled charmingly.
Quan Xiaoyan didn't know why, but when she heard Mo Yuxin say that she liked her, goosebumps appeared all over her body. She no longer spoke. She stepped forward and continued to attack Mo Yuxin.
The two women walked on light and agile paths. Whether it was their speed or movement techniques, it was enough to make most of the male disciples blush with shame!
Because they were fast, the fight between the two was also very interesting to watch. Every time they intersected, they would exchange dozens of moves in an instant, using speed to fight speed. Then, they would quickly retreat or take advantage of the situation to pursue and attack. The two women were like two dancing butterflies, which was very beautiful.
Seeing the two women fight, many disciples cheered from the bottom of their hearts.
This time, no one dared to take advantage of the situation. Moreover, the two women's strength had convinced all the male disciples present. At least ninety-nine percent of the male disciples present would not be able to withstand a single blow from the two women!
This fight lasted for the time it took to burn three incense sticks.
A crisp sound was heard, followed by Quan Xiaoyan's scream. The jade sword in her hand had already fallen to the ground, and Mo Yuxin's Emei Piercer was already pressed against Quan Xiaoyan's forehead.
Quan Xiaoyan's expression was still unconvinced. It seemed that she had made a mistake, or perhaps she did not use her full strength.
Mo Yuxin said, "Miss Quan, it seems that you are not convinced? No problem, you can choose not to admit defeat. I can give you another chance, but you must promise me that if you lose to me again, I will punish you as I wish! "
After saying this, Mo Yuxin even stretched out her orchid jade fingers and gently rubbed them across Quan Xiaoyan's face.
A chill came from the bottom of Quan Xiaoyan's heart. She turned pale with fright and hurriedly shouted to the referee, "I admit defeat!"
Seeing Quan Xiaoyan look as if she had seen a ghost, Mo Yuxin unhappily muttered, "Is there a need? I'm not a ghost. "
Quan Xiaoyan picked up her jade sword and walked down from the stage. She thought to herself, 'You are scarier than a ghost!'
The battle between the two peerless prides was wonderful, but since it was a battle between women, it was not fierce enough, or perhaps it was not bloody enough. But overall, it was an eye-opener for many disciples. They understood that a martial artist's speed could reach such a level!
However, the next two rounds of battle immediately ignited many disciples.
One was the battle between Hua Tianming and his personal disciple, Wen Fenqin. The other was between his personal disciple, Yuan Xiao, and his personal disciple, Shi Lei.
In the first battle, Hua Tianming still did not draw his sword. He still did not draw his sword against his personal disciple. This action shocked everyone once again, and at the same time, it successfully angered Wen Fenqin. When had a personal disciple ever been humiliated like this?
But the result of the battle told everyone that Hua Tianming had the qualifications to not draw his sword. Wen Fenqin lost.
In the second battle, Yuan Xiao and Shi Lei were both personal disciples. Their battle was also earth-shattering, nearly destroying half of the stage. In the end, Shi Lei was slightly better and won the battle.
These two battles could be considered the highest level of competition between disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. This was because whether it was Wen Fenqin, Yuan Xiao, or Shi Lei, all three of them were firmly in the top ten of the Azure Cloud Sect!
The gap between the top 100 and the top 50 on the Azure Cloud Ranking was not big, but the gap between them and the top 30 was huge. The gap between the top 30 and the top 15 was even bigger. As for the top 10, every step forward was harder than ascending to heaven! This was because the opponents in front of them were all peerless geniuses!
In the third battle, the referee suddenly announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, versus personal disciple, Jiang Shili!"
"Jiang Shili! It's said that he's qualified to be in the top five. It's said that he's a disciple of Perfected Zi Qing. I don't know how Luo Zheng will deal with him. If Luo Zheng can pass this round, it'll be wonderful. Good shows will come one after another! "A disciple shouted excitedly.