In the Blue Cloud Sect, the Sect Master had the most power. If Su Qian of the Burning Sky Dynasty had not joined the Burning Sky Palace with his amazing talent, the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master would be the overlord of the Eastern Region.
The next in line was the Deputy Sect Master, then the Elders, and finally the Perfected Person.
The so-called Perfected Person actually relied on age to reach a certain realm. With their talent, if they did not have a great opportunity, they could only become a Perfected Person in the Blue Cloud Sect. The high and mighty Cloud Hall had no intention of accepting them.
Previously, Luo Zheng had conflicts with those Perfected Persons. On the day of the trial, the one who tried Luo Zheng was Perfected Zi Qing.
Knowing that his opponent was Perfected Zi Qing's disciple, Luo Zheng was naturally vigilant.
Jiang Shili did not wear the purple robe of a personal disciple. Instead, he wore a simple black shirt. His face was dark and thin, and he stood there like a thin child. Strangely, he did not have the slightest aura!
If no one had said that he was Jiang Shili, no one would have thought that this inconspicuous young man in front of them was actually a top disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect!
Everyone had an aura, just like how children would have "childishness", generals would have "murderous aura", and scholars would have "scholarly aura". Everyone exuded all kinds of aura at all times, but the aura of an ordinary person was much smaller than that of a warrior.
After all, the aura was determined by a person's blood Qi. After cultivation, a warrior's blood Qi was much stronger than that of an ordinary person. It could be said that the aura they exuded was naturally stronger.
However, Jiang Shili in front of them could completely restrain his aura. He obviously had a secret technique to conceal his aura.
After stepping into the arena, Luo Zheng's vital essence was slowly circulating. He was not afraid of people like Wang Yanmiao. Luo Zheng could see through Wang Yanmiao's thoughts, but Jiang Shili in front of him gave Luo Zheng an unfathomable feeling.
After the referee announced the start of the battle, Jiang Shili smiled strangely. Without any words or warning, he made his move!
The black vital essence on his body dissipated bit by bit. As he moved, it fluttered behind him like pieces of rags. Jiang Shili also maintained a distance of half a person's height, like a ghost.
While Jiang Shili was flying around Luo Zheng, black shadows remained in place, floating in mid-air. These black shadows were different from Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom. Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom was just a silhouette of Luo Zheng. These black shadows were very similar to Jiang Shili's body, as though they were his clones.
"Transforming his vital essence into the shape of his body? This person's martial arts are inclined towards illusion and assassination." Luo Zheng roughly understood Jiang Shili's purpose. He left many shadows in the arena. These black shadows merged with his black clothes and became his best cover. Jiang Shili was changing the environment of the arena to his advantage.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He firmly locked his divine sense on Jiang Shili and did not dare to relax. Jiang Shili must have known that his divine sense was locked on him. At this moment, he was not in a hurry to attack. Instead, he kept setting up shadows at a faster speed. The more shadows there were in the arena, the more chaotic the scene would be, and the more advantageous it would be for him.
After about ten breaths, Jiang Shili suddenly sped up. His figure instantly got rid of Luo Zheng's divine sense and disappeared from the arena.
"Is he hiding?" Luo Zheng frowned and looked at the black shadows floating in front of him. At this time, Luo Zheng could no longer lock on to Jiang Shili's position.
Luo Zheng did not have a good way to counter this kind of assassination attack. The key was that Jiang Shili had almost completely concealed his aura. Now, Luo Zheng could only wait until Jiang Shili attacked him before he counterattacked.
But would Jiang Shili give him this opportunity?
Jiang Shili floated in a black shadow and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. He had already made Luo Zheng his target, but he did not release any killing intent. Hiding his killing intent was Jiang Shili's talent.
Unlike most warriors, although Jiang Shili also practiced martial arts, he mainly practiced the way of assassination among warriors.
There used to be a clan in the Eastern Region called the Shadow Clan. It was said that the headquarters of this clan was on the other side of this continent, and the Shadow Clan in the Eastern Region was just a small branch.
Even if it was a small branch, it had done a lot of great things in the history of the Eastern Region!
At least ten emperors had died in the hands of the Shadow Clan assassins. Even three emperors of the Fentian Dynasty had died in the hands of the Shadow Clan assassins.
The Shadow Clan was proficient in the art of assassination. Even in the face of a stronger opponent, they were quite confident that they could assassinate the other party.
Because of this, the existence of the Shadow Clan was a threat to the Fentian Dynasty and the Seven Major Noble Clans. No monarch or powerhouse liked having an assassin who could threaten them by their side.
Therefore, three hundred years ago, the Fentian Dynasty joined forces with the Blue Cloud Sect and the Seven Major Noble Clans to annihilate the Shadow Clan. This assassin clan in the Eastern Region gradually fell apart. Until now, three hundred years later, they had not recovered.
And Jiang Shili was the strongest genius born in the Eastern Region's Shadow Clan in the past three hundred years!
He was born with the talent to perfectly conceal his aura and a soul power that far exceeded that of his peers. These two points alone were enough to allow him to go far on the path of assassination.
His goal was to leave the Eastern Region and return to the other side of the continent. He wanted to return to the headquarters of the Shadow Clan and compete with the young talents of his clan. Whether it was the Blue Cloud Sect or the Cloud Hall, they were just a small springboard for him.
As an assassin, intelligence gathering was the most important step. Therefore, although it was Jiang Shili's first time taking action, he had recorded all the fights of the disciples in the All-Peak Tournament, the characteristics of each disciple, their strength, and so on in his mind!
Jiang Shili was very surprised by the strength of Luo Zheng, who was only at the Xiantian Second Stage. This young man seemed to have talent no less than his own. If he had such strength at the Xiantian Second Stage, wouldn't he be able to defeat all the Divine Reflection Realm powerhouses when he stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm?
Just as Jiang Shili was huddled in a corner, silently watching the proceedings of the All-Peak Tournament, his master, Perfected Zi Qing, suddenly asked him to get ready to fight and told him that his opponent was Luo Zheng. At the same time, he gave him a request, which was to kill him.
"In the arena, pretend to make a mistake and assassinate Luo Zheng!"
Jiang Shili was never jealous of any genius, nor was he afraid to compete with any genius because he was a genius among geniuses. And only by comparing notes with geniuses could he stand out. Therefore, he was looking forward to the battle with Luo Zheng.
More importantly, his master had asked him to kill him!
In every All-Peak Tournament, there were disciples who were accidentally killed in the arena. This was the so-called "fists and feet have no eyes".
However, under normal circumstances, no one would blatantly kill someone in the arena.
Just the thought of being able to kill a genius with his own hands made Jiang Shili excited. He calmly accepted his master's suggestion.
Jiang Shili was very conceited. With his confidence, he felt that he could kill Luo Zheng in an instant.
However, to Jiang Shili, Luo Zheng was like his prey. What he liked most was to see his prey slowly struggling in his hands, revealing a look of fear, and then die unwillingly. He wanted to fully experience this feeling.
Those black shadows were Jiang Shili's "Shadow Killing Formation". This Shadow Killing Formation was a net he had set up.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's expression made Jiang Shili slightly unhappy. Luo Zheng had already fallen into his net. He should have shown a look of fear or at least some panic.
However, Jiang Shili could not find any panic on Luo Zheng's face. On the contrary, he was very calm and did not seem to realize that he was being treated as prey!
This was too boring!
Jiang Shili felt that it was necessary to give him some pressure.
"Hehehe …"
Jiang Shili let out a burst of terrifying laughter.
Creating an oppressive atmosphere could destroy the confidence of the prey, make them panic, and even cause them to reveal their flaws. This was a method that assassins often used.
For example, when assassinating in the middle of the night, some assassins would even imitate the sound of ghosts. When the prey was panicking, they would kill them in one blow.
When Jiang Shili sneered, all the black shadows laughed at the same time. It was impossible to tell his location based on the sound alone.
"You can still laugh. I thought you were mute!" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Jiang Shili's laughter stopped abruptly. When he heard Luo Zheng's words, Jiang Shili felt that he had become an idiot. He even felt that he had been played by Luo Zheng. A hint of anger quietly rose in his heart.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly moved. Six Heavenly Demon Phantom appeared behind him and slammed towards him.
Jiang Shili took a deep breath and urged his figure to switch between the black shadows. One of the Heavenly Demon Phantom flew past his ear!
Although it was a short confrontation, it was very dangerous.
Luo Zheng said with a smile, "It's a pity that your concealment technique is indeed powerful. You only revealed your position when I provoked you!"
This guy's perception was too sharp!
Just by relying on the fluctuations in his emotions, he was able to determine his position …
"Yes, your perception is indeed powerful, but you are still no match for me," all the black shadows that Jiang Shili had transformed into said at the same time.
"Since you think I'm no match for you, then don't hover around me looking for an opportunity. Just defeat me directly. How can I believe that I'm no match for you when you're such a coward?" Luo Zheng replied with a smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Jiang Shili's heart almost fluctuated again, but he forcibly suppressed it. What was going on? In the past, he had always been able to maintain a calm state of mind. Why was his mood fluctuating because of this kid's words?
Calm down, calm down!
Jiang Shili had to remind himself in his heart that he even needed to recite the "Assassin's Ten Commandments".
As a mature assassin, he had to abstain from arrogance, impatience, anger, and …