Just as Jiang Shili was reciting "Assassin's Ten Commandments," Luo Zheng suddenly sat on the ground. Then, he asked the referee not far away, "Referee, my opponent, Jiang Shili, won't fight me head-on. Can I take a break?"
The referee who presided over the match had a baffled expression on his face. Every opponent had their own way of attacking. The referee did not answer Luo Zheng's question.
However, Luo Zheng's voice was very loud. Not only did the referee hear it, but many disciples in the arena also heard it.
So far, Luo Zheng's match was one of the most attention-grabbing matches. It was even more eye-catching than Hua Tianming's match!
This was because the gap between Luo Zheng's level was too big. Everyone wanted to see how far Luo Zheng could go in the All-Sect Tournament.
Moreover, with the ups and downs of the previous match where Luo Zheng defeated Wang Yanmiao, many disciples were looking forward to this match being even more exciting!
However, from the beginning, the two of them faced each other in the arena without saying a word. They only exchanged blows once in the middle and did not even collide. This match … was too boring.
Luo Zheng's words intensified everyone's impression of this match as boring. Or rather, it made everyone understand that the main culprit for this boring match was Jiang Shili!
"Damn, what's wrong with Jiang Shili? Luo Zheng is sitting on the ground out of boredom and he still doesn't dare to make a move! "
"Oh my God, is this still a match? I'm sleepy watching this! Is Jiang Shili really a personal disciple? He bragged so much. Why did he become a coward in the arena? What's with his ranking being in the top five of the Blue Cloud Sect? I think he's more like the fifth from the bottom! "
"That's true. He's probably the most timid personal disciple. He hasn't dared to show up and fight head-on. He might as well just admit defeat. I'm about to fall asleep watching this match!"
Luo Zheng's words were just a prelude. Soon, it ignited the dissatisfaction of the disciples and they began to complain.
Seeing this scene, several personal disciples, including Senior Brother Pei, Mo Yuxin, and the others, smiled.
Those who were knowledgeable naturally knew that Jiang Shili practiced the art of assassination. Assassins naturally could not fight head-on like other warriors. This was equivalent to letting an archer charge into the enemy lines on the battlefield and fight with a cavalry …
The art of assassination was all about killing with one blow. Jiang Shili might only make one move in the entire battle, but that one move alone could determine the outcome of the entire battle.
Therefore, fighting with an assassin who practiced the art of assassination was very boring. However, in the eyes of a master, this silent psychological warfare was even more dangerous than a real fight!
Jiang Shili's's's's's.. and the Divine Illumination Realm personal disciples could not either 'Shili' '''s and's could not sensing Shili's's's's's either. and the other personal disciples also could not. Jiang ''s was' '' ''s could not.' '' '' '''s.'s's' '..
However, because of Luo Zheng's words, the atmosphere that Jiang Shili had created was immediately destroyed.
The curses of many disciples almost made the entire arena a joke. Jiang Shili's' profound's' concealment technique also became the laughing stock of many disciples.
Senior Brother Pei, who had always been as steady as a mountain, also said with a smile, "This Luo Zheng is too insidious. I wonder how Jiang Shili, who is hiding in the dark, is feeling!"
"Hehe, he's probably secretly vomiting blood!" Mo Yuxin's eyes lit up. "I'm looking forward to fighting with Luo Zheng more and more! If I beat him, I can do whatever I want with him. Hmm? How should I deal with him? "
"Aren't you afraid of losing to him?" Senior Brother Pei asked with a smile.
Mo Yuxin showed an indifferent expression. Suddenly, she said in a childish voice, "Then I'll let him do whatever he wants with me! I wonder how he'll deal with me! "
"…" Senior Brother Pei rolled his eyes and sat on the ground. Facing this crazy junior sister of his, it was common for him to be speechless.
Jiang Shili, who was hidden in the shadows, almost vomited blood!
He somewhat understood why his Master wanted to get rid of this hateful guy.
This guy was too wicked!
Hearing the curses of the disciples outside the arena, he wished he could rush out of the arena and cut off their heads one by one.
In Jiang Shili's eyes, the strength of these mountain peak disciples was like ants. He could defeat them with his little finger, but they dared to criticize him and even scold him. What right did they have?
It was all Luo Zheng's fault.
Thinking of this, another wave of hatred rose in his heart. At this moment, Luo Zheng turned his head and seemed to have caught something. He looked in Jiang Shili's direction.
Jiang Shili's heart suddenly hung. He immediately suppressed this hatred and continued to recite the "Assassin's Ten Commandments".
Restrain, restrain …
Restrain arrogance, restrain impatience, restrain anger, restrain …
He wanted to be angry, but he did not dare to retaliate. He could only hold it in. This situation was the most torturous. Jiang Shili was now in such a state.
Originally, Jiang Shili felt that he could easily control the rhythm and make Luo Zheng panic and fear step by step, making it difficult for him to extricate himself. He would gradually break down Luo Zheng's psychological defenses and make him slowly collapse. Now, everything was reversed …
As Luo Zheng sat on the ground leisurely and even closed his eyes to rest, the curses outside the arena grew louder and louder. The anger in his heart became more and more difficult to suppress.
I can't tolerate it anymore!
If this continued, Jiang Shili's state of mind would only get worse and worse. In the end, his position would be completely exposed, so he decided to make a move.
It could also be said that this disciple, who was ranked fifth in the Blue Cloud Sect, was forced to make a move by those peak disciples who kept cursing outside the arena.
The shadows that were originally floating quietly in the air began to spin. Jiang Shili also spun with those shadows.
Even though Jiang Shili chose to make a move, the disciples outside the arena were still relentless.
"This Jiang Shili is finally going to make a move. I heard that he cultivates the way of assassination. An assassin has to be able to endure loneliness. He can't hold it in anymore. I think he's going to lose this battle!"
"I think so too. As an assassin, you have to have the awareness of an assassin. I heard that an assassin in the Eastern Region once lurked in a place for half a year to assassinate his target! This is the model of an assassin! Just this state of mind alone, Jiang Shili is far from it! "
Hearing the comments of those disciples, Jiang Shili almost vomited blood.
These idiots were too much. If he did not make a move, these guys would scold him. If he made a move, these guys would still find a reason to attack him. It was too much!
However, at this moment, Jiang Shili had no time to argue with them. Once an assassin decided to make a move, he must kill his prey in one blow. There was no turning back. He had to take Luo Zheng's life!
The black shadows spun faster and faster, and so did Jiang Shili's speed.
However, to Jiang Shili's surprise, Luo Zheng was still sitting on the ground with his eyes closed, as if he did not care about what was happening in front of him.
This guy could still remain so calm. He was looking down on others. Jiang Shili finally made his move.
"It's none of your business. Momentum or confidence, go to hell!"
The moment an assassin chose to make a move, he would not suppress his momentum.
It was like a leopard lurking in the grass. The moment it pounced on an antelope, it would let out a roar. This roar could make its prey fall into a temporary state of shock!
Jiang Shili was the roaring leopard, and Luo Zheng was obviously the antelope.
An almost tangible momentum rushed towards Luo Zheng. This momentum was Jiang Shili's murderous intent!
Moreover, Jiang Shili's murderous intent was very special. It contained a part of Jiang Shili's soul. In other words, Jiang Shili's attack contained a fierce soul attack.
Even for warriors at the Divine Reflection Realm, there were not many who could withstand soul attacks. Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian Second Stage. It was impossible for him to withstand this murderous intent that contained a soul attack!
Jiang Shili had collected a lot of information about Luo Zheng. He had watched the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yanmiao from beginning to end. Jiang Shili also noticed a detail. At that time, Wang Yanmiao seemed to have mentioned that Luo Zheng seemed to have a trump card. It seemed that Luo Zheng also knew soul attacks.
However, how strong could a Xiantian Second Stage warrior's soul be?
Jiang Shili had eaten a stalk of Soul Nourishing Grass every day since he was a child. The price of Soul Nourishing Grass was extremely high. A stalk of Soul Nourishing Grass was worth hundreds of cubic meters of crystal stones.
This was because he was the only hope of the Shadow Clan. Although the Shadow Clan was defeated by the Fentian Dynasty, they left behind a huge amount of wealth, which was basically invested in Jiang Shili.
Otherwise, even the eldest son of the Seven Major Aristocratic Families would not be able to afford to eat a stalk of Soul Nourishing Grass every day since he was a child! Even if the Seven Major Aristocratic Families could afford so much Soul Nourishing Grass, it was impossible to invest so many resources in one person. It was too risky.
However, Jiang Shili was different. He was the only hope of the Shadow Clan for three hundred years, the only genius!
After eating so much Soul Nourishing Grass, his soul would become stronger every day. After all these years of cultivation, his soul was far stronger than warriors of the same level.
This was why he was dismissive of Luo Zheng's "soul attack". It was because he and Luo Zheng were not on the same starting line! f
Therefore, Jiang Shili believed that just by using his murderous intent, it was enough to turn Luo Zheng into an idiot!
Luo Zheng, let's see how you block it!
＝＝＝＝＝