Since Jiang Shili had made a move, it was impossible for him to only have a soul attack.
Once an assassin made a move, it was usually a death sentence!
Of course, if it were someone else in the arena, Jiang Shili might have held back, or rather, he would not cause fatal damage to his opponent.
But now, Jiang Shili regarded Luo Zheng as a person he must kill. Naturally, he would not hold back at all!
Just as Jiang Shili used the Soul Attack, a beam of light shot out from his hand.
It was a short sword, a snake-shaped short sword!
This short sword was Jiang Shili's heirloom, an immortal weapon that had been passed down for hundreds of years! Three hundred years ago, after the Jiang Family was disintegrated by the Fengwang Dynasty, a large number of treasures and wealth were sealed in a mystic realm of the Shadow Clan. This snake-shaped short sword naturally passed into Jiang Shili's hands.
First, use the soul attack to confuse the opponent's mind, then use the snake-shaped short sword to slit the opponent's throat. This assassination method was very simple, but it was impossible to guard against!
Generally speaking, as long as the opponent's soul was not strong enough to withstand his soul attack, then he would not be able to dodge his snake-shaped short sword!
Luo Zheng's physical body was strong, but it was impossible for him to block his snake-shaped short sword!
Therefore, in Jiang Shili's opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely die with his two-pronged attack!
"Die!"
I'm destined to become a famous assassin in this world, and you'll only become a pile of bones.
As for the grasshoppers who mocked him in the arena, they were destined to look up to him and listen to his legend!
But the moment Jiang Shili's soul attack poured into Luo Zheng's mind, there was a sudden change!
Soul attack, to put it bluntly, was a battle of the soul.
Jiang Shili had been consuming Soul Cultivation Grass since he was a child, which made his soul much stronger than ordinary people.
Although the Soul Cultivation Grass was precious, it had a limited effect on the improvement of soul power.
This could not be helped. Even in the Blue Cloud Sect, there were a few secret manuals that used soul attacks, but there was not a single one that specialized in cultivating the soul!
It was too difficult to cultivate the soul. Therefore, it was very difficult and costly to use the Soul Cultivation Grass to nourish the soul.
However, Luo Zheng's soul had been tempered by that mysterious giant furnace.
That kind of inhumane torture could be said to have completely transformed Luo Zheng's soul!
In fact, there were ways to train the soul. Some ascetics would use some extreme methods to train the soul. The problem was that the soul was extremely fragile. If they were not careful, it was very likely that their soul would be damaged. If it was more serious, they might even become an idiot.
However, while Luo Zheng's soul was being refined by the black fire, it was also being repaired by the seven-colored light from the huge furnace!
It was easy to imagine the strength of his soul that was tempered like this.
In comparison, Jiang Shili's soul was simply too weak!
Therefore, in the face of Jiang Shili's murderous intent, Luo Zheng only felt a chill in his heart. At the same time, after suffering Jiang Shili's soul attack, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, but he did not react.
The battle between souls was often like this. The winner could be determined in an instant.
Legend had it that some powerful people could fight in the soul space. Two peerless masters could only rely on the battle between their souls to determine the winner. At that time, the soul attack was almost equal to the strength of the person. However, that level of battle was far from the level that Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili could come into contact with.
"Soul attack?" Luo Zheng sneered. After resisting Jiang Shili's soul attack that had softened his murderous intent, a gray spike condensed in his mind. The spike suddenly popped out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows and went straight for Jiang Shili.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also had a flying dagger in his hand.
Broken Flying Dagger!
Jiang Shili's double assassination method was very similar to Luo Zheng's method.
It was the same method of using a soul attack to distract the opponent and the same method of using a flying dagger to assassinate.
The reason why Luo Zheng had not used this method was that, on the one hand, he wanted to save his trump card for later. On the other hand, this method was Luo Zheng's killer move.
With the sharpness of the broken flying dagger, Luo Zheng himself might not be able to control it well. It might even take someone's life!
Although everyone was giving it their all in the arena, there would occasionally be serious injuries or even deaths.
However, the arena was not a battlefield of life and death, so Luo Zheng still had to abide by some bottom lines.
However, Luo Zheng's bottom line had been broken.
Because he felt Jiang Shili's murderous intent towards him. This guy's purpose from the beginning was not to defeat him, but to kill him.
Luo Zheng had a set of standards in his heart for good and evil. This set of standards was very simple. If others were good to him, he would be good to them. If others wanted to kill him, there was no room for him to stay!
Being kind to one's enemy was being cruel to oneself!
Although Wang Yanmiao was hateful, Luo Zheng did not feel any murderous intent from Wang Yanmiao! This was because Wang Yanmiao only wanted to step on him ruthlessly and destroy his martial arts heart. That was why Luo Zheng let Wang Yanmiao off and even helped him when Wang Yanmiao was in a state of Qi deviation!
However, since Jiang Shili wanted to kill him, Luo Zheng did not have any scruples!
In fact, from the beginning, Luo Zheng had been on guard against Jiang Shili's murderous intent. Luo Zheng could roughly guess that Jiang Shili's murderous intent towards him came from the instructions of Perfected Zi Qing and Zhenren Tianqiong. However, this speculation could only be kept in Luo Zheng's mind. Naturally, he would not say this to the Blue Cloud Sect disciples without any evidence.
While Luo Zheng was on guard, he also grasped Jiang Shili's mentality. Frankly speaking, if Jiang Shili continued to waste time with Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng really did not have a good way to deal with him.
However, Luo Zheng understood that Jiang Shili was angry because of his words. Although Jiang Shili was very strong, he was not a competent killer. That was why Luo Zheng sat on the ground, said those words, and led the Blue Cloud Sect disciples to further anger Jiang Shili.
When Jiang Shili sensed that Luo Zheng had blocked his soul attack, his expression changed drastically!
He realized that he was very wrong!
Luo Zheng's soul attack that Wang Yanmiao mentioned was definitely Luo Zheng's greatest reliance!
How could this be? How could it be? With the strength of a Xiantian Second Stage, his physical body was already terrifyingly strong. How could his soul be so strong as well? His soul attack did not cause any harm to him? Was this guy still human?
Just as he was shouting these questions in his heart, Luo Zheng's Stun Spirit Spike had already launched a counterattack.
The Soul Spike instantly pierced Jiang Shili's mind. Suddenly, Jiang Shili felt that his soul had suffered a powerful blow. This blow almost made him faint from the pain.
However, compared to Luo Zheng's previous opponents, Jiang Shili's performance was still not good.
Because Jiang Shili had nurtured his soul since he was young, his soul was much stronger than the average warrior. Although Luo Zheng's Stun Spirit Spike was powerful, Jiang Shili's soul could still withstand it.
Therefore, although Jiang Shili was in pain, he did not really faint. Even though he was at a disadvantage in the battle of souls, he still had the snake-shaped dagger.
As long as the snake-shaped dagger pierced through Luo Zheng's body, there was no way he could survive.
However, at this moment, he saw a broken flying dagger appear in Luo Zheng's hand.
"A piece of junk?" Jiang Shili snorted coldly in his heart. You want to block my snake-shaped dagger with this thing?
Not to mention that his snake-shaped dagger was an immortal weapon.
Even if the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand was also an immortal weapon, the essence of the Sky Eye would continue to dissipate over time. The more damaged it was, the faster it dissipated.
Looking at the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand, according to Jiang Shili's estimation, its power was at most equivalent to an inferior-grade spiritual weapon.
It could not block his snake-shaped dagger at all.
However, the moment the two daggers intersected, Jiang Shili was stunned.
He saw the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand send his snake-shaped dagger flying. Jiang Shili could clearly see that there was a crack on the blade of his snake-shaped dagger!
This was because the two flying daggers were not intersecting in a straight line. The snake-shaped dagger only brushed past the broken flying dagger from the side, so the damage was minimal.
If the two had collided head-on, Jiang Shili's snake-shaped dagger would have broken into two!
What kind of flying dagger was this? It still had such power even after being broken!
Jiang Shili was dumbfounded. While he was still in shock, the broken flying dagger flew toward his face. Seeing this scene, Jiang Shili was scared out of his wits. If he was pierced by this broken flying dagger, his life would be over.
A survival instinct rose from within his body. His entire body abruptly leaned backwards, barely dodging the attack of the flying dagger. However, the flying dagger still brushed past his forehead, drawing a line of blood on his forehead!
The moment Jiang Shili retreated, he immediately hid in the shadows in mid-air.
At this moment, Luo Zheng stood up with a sneer on his face. He gently waved his left hand and the broken throwing knife returned to his hand.
The speed of the confrontation between the two was extremely fast. This round of confrontation only happened in a flash, but the level of danger far exceeded any previous battle.
Many disciples could see that Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili were risking their lives!
The disciples held their breaths as they watched the whole process. They were stunned for a while before they began to discuss.
"That was too close! I didn't expect Luo Zheng to have a weapon too! His weapon is a broken flying dagger! "
"That flying dagger is definitely not an ordinary weapon. The snake-shaped dagger in Jiang Shili's hand is an immortal weapon. However, when it collided with Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger, a piece of the snake-shaped dagger was shattered while the broken flying dagger was undamaged. This shows that the grade of the broken flying dagger is far beyond that of an immortal weapon!"
"This Luo Zheng is really secretive. I wonder what other trump cards he has up his sleeves!"
"Hmph, you're too short-sighted. Let me tell you what other trump cards Luo Zheng has up his sleeves. Just now, Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili shot at each other with flying daggers and daggers, but in fact, there was another level of confrontation. That is, the confrontation on the spiritual level. It seems that Jiang Shili lost to Luo Zheng and suffered a loss in the confrontation on the spiritual level."
There were many talents in the All-Peak Tournament. Although Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili only exchanged blows for a moment, some people still saw through the mystery.
"What!"