Luo Zheng was born with superhuman strength. His physical body was so strong that he would not be injured even if he was hit by a spiritual weapon. Even if Luo Zheng had a fortuitous encounter, he could not be envious.
But this guy's soul was also so strong?
If that was the case, then the heavens were too unfair.
Generally, warriors always had a preference. Swordsmen were agile and sharp, swordsmen were domineering and destructive, and assassins were good at hiding and had the ability to kill with one blow.
Very few people could be proficient in everything. After all, there were too many geniuses in this era. If one was strong in every aspect, it was equivalent to being weak in every aspect. An all-rounder would be mediocre because even the most talented warrior could not be strong in every aspect. A person's lifespan was limited. If you invested a lot of time in one aspect, you were destined to not be able to cultivate in other aspects.
However, Luo Zheng was a perfect all-rounder.
In the eyes of many people, this was almost impossible, especially when Luo Zheng was only seventeen years old and was only at the Xiantian Realm Second Stage!
Therefore, it was understandable that everyone did not believe it. In other words, it was not that they did not believe that Luo Zheng had defeated Jiang Shili in the soul level, but that there was such a perfect all-rounder in this world!
Seeing that everyone did not believe it, the disciple who told the truth snorted and shook his head without saying a word.
Instead, another person came forward and said, "He's right. Jiang Shili was indeed at a disadvantage in the battle of souls. I don't know how strong Luo Zheng's soul is, but I'm sure that Jiang Shili's soul is far weaker than Luo Zheng's."
The battle of souls was so straightforward. The winner was obvious and there were no variables to speak of.
Hearing the other person say the same thing, everyone sucked in a deep breath of cold air. They were so stunned that they couldn't say anything.
As the saying goes, comparisons are odious.
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng had slaughtered his way out of the inconspicuous Little Rain Peak and shone brilliantly in the All-Peak Grand Competition. Most people could not compare to him! Because Luo Zheng had become an existence that they looked up to!
This was how it was between people. If a person was only a little stronger than you, you might be interested in competing with him. However, if he was much stronger than you and became an existence that you looked up to, then you would simply give up on competing with him.
This was the current situation. Luo Zheng's image was already an insurmountable mountain in their hearts. Perhaps they would never be able to surpass it in this lifetime.
Shi Jingtian looked at the battle in the arena and frowned slightly.
With his experience, he could naturally see the risks of the battle between the two. In this kind of life-and-death battle, a slight miscalculation, one side, or even both....
However, it was impossible for Shi Jingtian to stop the fight because of this. A martial artist was not a flower in a greenhouse. If one wanted to become a strong martial artist, he was destined to accept the baptism of blood and fire. This was why the Blue Cloud Sect issued so many dangerous missions. It was also why many martial artists chose to join the army to gain experience. Only by walking on the edge of death could one's potential be squeezed to the limit.
However, Shi Jingtian had a trace of doubt in his heart.
Why did Jiang Shili fight so fiercely? He didn't seem to want to win the battle. Instead, he wanted to kill. Could it be that Luo Zheng had a grudge against Jiang Shili?
Although Shi Jingtian encouraged his disciples to display their full strength, both of them were talented disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. Luo Zheng's talent moved Shi Jingtian and made him cherish his talent. Shi Jingtian even had his own plans for Luo Zheng's future. If Luo Zheng was assassinated by Jiang Shili, he would be heartbroken.
At this moment, a deacon sent a jade slip over. The deacon was sent by Elder Xu to investigate Luo Zheng's cultivation during this period.
Elder Xu took the jade slip in his hand, turned around, and handed it to Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian grabbed the jade slip and browsed through it. His frown deepened.
When Elder Xu saw Shi Jingtian's ugly expression, he asked, "Sect Master, what is recorded in the jade slip?"
Shi Jingtian threw the jade slip to Elder Xu. "See for yourself!"
Elder Xu opened the jade slip and his expression changed drastically.
"November, Fire Day. Luo Zheng entered the Fantasy Fish Pond for the first time to cultivate. He dived 130 meters! To be able to dive this deep at Xiantian Realm Level One, it is the birth of another peerless genius in our sect. If nurtured properly, he will definitely shine. Deacon Cao, respectfully. "
"December, Water Day. Luo Zheng entered the Big Dipper Sword Radiance Platform for the first time. Under the eighth level of difficulty, he broke through a hundred points and comprehended sword intent. Since the founding of our sect, we have never seen such a disciple. It's hard to describe his talent … Deacon Song, respectfully."
When Elder Xu saw this, his expression became uglier and uglier.
Shi Jingtian sneered. "Breaking through Level Eight on his first time entering the Seven Stars Sword Light Platform. Humph, since the establishment of our Blue Cloud Sect, I am afraid there has never been such a monstrous disciple. Moreover, he comprehended Sword Essence. It seems that Luo Zheng is still hiding his strength. If it wasn't for this year's Peak Competition, I am afraid I wouldn't have known about this kid's existence! These two deacons discovered that Luo Zheng's talent is extraordinary. If they were to discover Luo Zheng, they would naturally be rewarded. After all, this is one of their duties! "
"However, when the reports came up, they were all blocked by the few True Masters! That Zhenren Tianqiong and Immortal Zi Qing, right? Those two old things only relied on the Blue Cloud Sect's resources to cultivate to the Extreme Illuminating Realm. Do they think they are some big shots in the Blue Cloud Sect … "
As Shi Jingtian spoke, he stared at the arena. He raised his eyebrows again and continued, "I don't know what kind of conflict those two old guys have with Luo Zheng. They are bent on killing Luo Zheng. Moreover, they are bold enough to do such a thing during the Peak Competition! Jiang Shili is Zi Qing's personal disciple, right? No wonder he used a fatal move as soon as he made his move! "
Elder Xu's expression changed again when he heard Shi Jingtian's words.
From the jade slip, Zi Qing and Tianqiong did have a conflict with Luo Zheng. However, letting their personal disciples kill Luo Zheng during the Peak Competition was too lawless.
Elder Xu also noticed what Shi Jingtian said. Judging from Jiang Shili's actions, Zi Qing and Tianqiong were indeed doing so!
"Sect Master Shi, should I go down and stop this battle?" Elder Xu asked. Although it was not a good thing to abruptly stop the battle, today's situation was rather special.
"No need!" Unexpectedly, Shi Jingtian waved his hand and said, "Look at the current situation. Jiang Shili may not be Luo Zheng's opponent. Let's observe the situation first!"
The battle between Luo Zheng and Jiang Shili in the arena was still ongoing.
Since Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger had been revealed, he did not have to hide it anymore.
Jiang Shili's concealment technique was brilliant, but the arena was only so big. There were only hundreds of shadows in the arena, and Jiang Shili was destined to hide in one of the shadows.
"Heavenly Demon Phantom!"
Luo Zheng controlled the six Heavenly Demon Phantom to constantly shuttle through the shadows. The Heavenly Demon Phantom constantly penetrated the shadows. If Jiang Shili was hiding in the shadows, he would definitely be knocked out by the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
At the same time, the broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand spun wildly around him. Every time the broken flying dagger reverberated, it could instantly penetrate more than a dozen shadows.
They would be able to force Jiang Shili out of hiding with the help of the black shadows!
Just as Luo Zheng flattened a corner, the broken flying dagger shot toward a few shadows in front of him.
One of the shadows flashed out. It was Jiang Shili, who was hiding in the shadows. Jiang Shili leaped out and once again shot the snake-shaped dagger in his hand.
Seeing the snake-shaped dagger, Luo Zheng sneered and the broken flying dagger met it head-on.
"Clang!"
When the flying dagger and the dagger collided, the snake-shaped dagger was once again chipped.
The left and right sides of the snake-shaped dagger had already been shattered. If it was hit by Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger again, it would probably be cut in half and destroyed.
Jiang Shili was now suffering. He was being chased by Luo Zheng. Compared to Luo Zheng's previous opponents, his performance seemed to be worse.
In fact, his strength was stronger than Wang Yanmiao and the others. At least, he was stronger than most of the personal disciples!
If Jiang Shili's strength was taken into consideration, his strength could indeed be ranked in the top five of the Blue Cloud Sect, or even higher.
That was because even the personal disciples found it difficult to resist his two killer moves.
Just like half a year ago, Luo Zheng used the same soul attack combined with the broken flying dagger to almost take Wang Yanmiao's life. One could imagine the power of Jiang Shili's two moves with his Divine Reflection Realm strength.
It was just that these two moves of his were completely restrained by Luo Zheng.
Not only did the soul attack have no effect on Luo Zheng, but it would also be countered by Luo Zheng!
As for his dagger attack … Luo Zheng had no idea where the broken dagger in his hand came from, but the power of the broken dagger was ten times stronger than his dagger!
It really didn't make sense …
Jiang Shili wanted to give up. He even had a hunch that if he didn't admit defeat to the referee, he would probably die in the hands of Luo Zheng.
As soon as he was forced out, he immediately lurked in another shadow. Just as Jiang Shili was about to admit defeat, he suddenly heard a voice transmission.