The person who used the True Essence voice transmission was Perfected Zi Qing.
Perfected Zi Qing's original plan was for Jiang Shili to pretend to make a mistake in the battle and "mistakenly kill" Luo Zheng.
The probability of such a thing happening in a battle between experts was not small. At Jiang Shili's level, he had to go all out against the enemy. There was almost no room for mercy. Once he showed mercy, it would give the opponent an opportunity to take advantage of.
When he went all out, it was naturally difficult to pull back. "Mistakenly killing" naturally became a matter of course.
Moreover, Jiang Shili's way of assassination focused on killing with one blow. The possibility of accidentally killing the opponent in the battle was higher.
The abacus proposed by Daoist Tianqiong was originally very well thought out.
However, whether it was Zhenren Tianqiong, Perfected Zi Qing, or even Jiang Shili himself, they did not expect Luo Zheng to have hidden his strength so well!
The soul attack that Jiang Shili was so proud of did not cause any trouble for Luo Zheng. Instead, Luo Zheng's soul attack caused Jiang Shili to suffer a loss.
Then, Jiang Shili's snake-shaped short sword was completely defeated by Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger!
It was too unreasonable.
It turned out that in all the previous battles, Luo Zheng did not use his full strength at all!
Since Jiang Shili was no match for Luo Zheng, their plan was naturally for naught.
Moreover, Jiang Shili felt Luo Zheng's murderous intent. He felt that if he did not admit defeat, Luo Zheng would probably kill him.
However, at that moment, Perfected Zi Qing suddenly sent a voice transmission to Jiang Shili, telling him not to admit defeat.
"Shili, don't admit defeat!"
Jiang Shili, who was hidden in the shadows, had a terrible expression. How could he continue to fight with a freak like Luo Zheng? Jiang Shili had no way to deal with the invincible broken flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Master, if I don't admit defeat, I'm afraid I'll be killed by Luo Zheng next time!" Jiang Shili said gloomily via True Essence.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was constantly destroying the shadows he had set up. It would not be long before Luo Zheng could force Jiang Shili out of the shadows. Once Jiang Shili escaped, he would definitely be no match for Luo Zheng.
"Don't be afraid, Shili. I have a way! I can use my methods to control the array on the stage and shift my attack over. You just need to help me cover it up and let everyone think that you're the one who used this move! I'm sure I can kill Luo Zheng in one move! "Reverend Zi Qing says again.
"Is that so? Aren't you afraid that the other elders will pursue this matter? "Jiang Shili looked at Luo Zheng, who was constantly destroying the shadows, and hesitated.
Frankly speaking, his master was taking a risk by doing this. Although the All-Peak Competition was not absolutely fair, for example, the little witch Mo Yuxin had clearly violated the rules and was not eliminated by the referee, that kind of situation was not a big deal, and those elders would not pursue the matter.
But now, Reverend Zi Qing wanted to use the illusion array to shift his attack over. This was equivalent to Reverend Zi Qing personally killing Luo Zheng. Once exposed, the impact would be very bad.
Jiang Shili wanted to refuse, but he could not bring himself to say it.
Jiang Shili was able to grow to this point because he had received the inheritance of the Shadow Clan.
However, after the entire Shadow Clan was defeated, the Shadow Clan led a miserable life in the Eastern Region. Back then, the Blue Cloud Sect knew that Jiang Shili was from the Shadow Clan and did not give him a chance to join the Blue Cloud Sect. However, it was because of Reverend Zi Qing's protection that Jiang Shili became a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect and even made an exception to accept him as an inner disciple.
Jiang Shili wanted to refuse this kindness between Master and disciple, but he could not bring himself to say it.
"Don't be afraid. They might not notice this. Even if I kill Luo Zheng, so what? There are many people who want Luo Zheng dead, but those who want to keep him alive, hehe, I don't think so … Be prepared! "Reverend Zi Qing transmitted his voice again.
In fact, if Reverend Zi Qing was alone, he might not take this risk. However, he had Zhenren Tianqiong urging him on, so he thought of this method.
It had to be said that this was a risky move.
Jiang Shili was about to say a few more words or persuade his Master, but he did not expect Reverend Zi Qing to make his move.
There was a huge illusory formation around the arena of the All-Peak Grand Competition. It was this huge illusory formation that provided all kinds of energy and boundaries. Some boundaries were used to separate the arena into multiple arenas, and the most important function of this illusory formation was to bind the aftermath of the disciples' fights within the arena, so as to avoid harming the innocent disciples who were watching the fights outside the arena.
Of course, since this illusion array was set up here, it must have more than one function.
As a Perfected Person of the Blue Cloud Sect, he was familiar with the mystery of the illusion array. Using a trick of the illusion array, he could transmit an attack.
"Hmph, Luo Zheng, die!" Zhenren Tianqiong opened a formation channel connected to the illusion array. Then, Reverend Zi Qing launched an attack.
A vortex suddenly appeared beside Jiang Shili. The vortex was hidden in the same shadow as Jiang Shili, so neither Luo Zheng nor the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect could react in time.
At this moment, everyone was still talking about Luo Zheng's counterattack against Jiang Shili!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a huge power brewing in one of the shadows.
"Hmm?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and held the broken flying dagger horizontally in front of his chest. His expression was extremely solemn, and there was a hint of doubt in his solemn expression.
The attack that was brewing in the shadow made Luo Zheng tremble in fear! Was this Jiang Shili's true strength? Or did he trigger some kind of potential that required him to pay a price?
Something was wrong!
A sense of extreme danger rose in Luo Zheng's heart.
Jiang Shili was forced into a corner by his own means just now. If he had such a secret technique, he would not have waited until now to use it.
However, how could Jiang Shili launch such a terrifying attack at this time?
There was not much time for Luo Zheng to think. A purple light suddenly shot out from the shadow!
The purple light swept toward Luo Zheng in a spiral shape. The power contained in it almost made Luo Zheng breathless.
This could not be Jiang Shili's attack!
Someone had made a move!
Was it Reverend Zi Qing? Or was it Zhenren Tianqiong? They dared to make a move in the arena of the All-Sect Tournament. How bold! Were these Reverend Cultivators really lawless in the Blue Cloud Sect?
"Ah, everyone, look! Jiang Shili's counterattack!"
"Eh, how could it be so powerful! Is Jiang Shili so strong? Could he have been hiding his strength all this time? "
"This Jiang Shili actually has such an attack. This, this, this can't be explained. It's impossible for someone who has just entered the Divine Reflection Realm to be so powerful!"
Even the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm.
Generally speaking, one could enter the Divine Reflection Realm from the first to the third level of the Divine Reflection Realm. When one's cultivation reached the third level of the Divine Reflection Realm, the Blue Cloud Sect would generally arrange some things for these disciples. For example, those with outstanding talent might have a rare opportunity to be recommended to the Cloud Hall. Some disciples would choose to join the Imperial Army of the Fentian Dynasty and gain experience in the slaughter. For example, General Xun Feilong was once a member of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, he was not talented enough and was not qualified to enter the Cloud Hall, so he chose to join the enemy.
More disciples would choose to become a Deacon and a member of the Blue Cloud Sect. They would work their way from Deacon to Hall Master, Reverend, Elder, Deputy Sect Leader, and so on.
No matter how strong Jiang Shili was, he was only at the second level of the Divine Reflection Realm. However, the move he used just now was far more powerful than the Divine Reflection Realm. It was equivalent to the full force of the Divine Reflection Realm!
Even the referee, who had always been expressionless, had a stunned expression in his eyes at this moment.
All the geniuses on the mountain peak were shocked. They did not expect Jiang Shili to prepare such a terrifying attack. How could Luo Zheng block this move?
The pressure Luo Zheng felt at this moment was unprecedentedly great.
If he had known that Jiang Shili could release such a powerful attack, he would have used his Heavenly Demon Vital Energy to devour the black shadows in advance and condense it into a powerful attack to counterattack. No, even so, it was useless. This attack was far from what he could block!
That day, Luo Zheng had blocked Zhenren Tianqiong's attack at Admonition Mountain. However, at that time, Zhenren Tianqiong was angry and attacked casually. Although Zhenren Tianqiong did not hold back, he was not particularly serious either. After all, Luo Zheng was a junior at the Connate Realm. How could he be worthy of a full force attack from an elite at the Divine Reflection Realm?
However, today's attack was different. Perfected Zi Qing had been accumulating power for a long time. When he used this move, he hoped to kill Luo Zheng in one move. Hence, he used Perfected Zi Qing's most powerful killer move right from the start!
How could Luo Zheng block a full force attack from the Divine Reflection Realm?
He had to block it even if he could not!
The sharpness of Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was far beyond that of an ordinary warrior.
Luo Zheng could not understand how Jiang Shili could be so powerful. He suspected that this was not Jiang Shili's own attack. In the face of this attack, Luo Zheng was as weak as a rabbit and the purple light that was pouncing toward Luo Zheng was like a lion. However, Luo Zheng was still fearless.
Fear was only a reason for the weak to defend themselves. It was a useless emotion.
At this moment, Luo Zheng lifted the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms one after another and formed a straight line, blocking the path of the purple light!
"Puff puff puff puff puff!"
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms, which had always been successful, were instantly penetrated by the purple light.
"This move is too strong. The power has reached a level that I can't understand …"
When the Heavenly Demon Phantoms had no effect, Luo Zheng aimed at the purple light and shot the broken flying dagger in his hand.
"Swoosh!"
The broken flying dagger was as sharp as ever. Even the powerful purple light could not destroy the broken flying dagger. The broken flying dagger used its sharp blade to cut the purple light in half.
But it was still useless!
The purple light was only an energy attack formed by the vital essence. After being cut, it split into two and continued to shoot toward Luo Zheng.
Unable to block it, Luo Zheng could only choose to retreat.
Outside the arena, many people clenched their fists tightly.
"It's over. Luo Zheng probably can't withstand it!"
"Jiang Shili is too terrifying. Jiang Shili must have burned his life to release this attack, right?"
"If this is Jiang Shili's attack, then I'm afraid Jiang Shili will win first place in this All-Peak Tournament! Who would be able to withstand his attack? Hua Tianming? Pei Tianyao? Mo Yuxin? Xie Yun? None of them can do it! No one can block it! "
However, just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated and might even lose his life under this attack, a loud roar suddenly came from not far away from the battle arena.
"Impudent!"
Impudent, impudent, impudent, impudent …
The loud voice echoed between the valleys …
This loud roar was like the roar of an ancient beast, and it spread out for hundreds of miles!
＝＝＝＝＝