Everyone in the Blue Cloud Sect heard it clearly! Regardless of whether it was the disciples who were punished in Purgatory Mountain or the inner and outer disciples on the thirty-third peak, hundreds of thousands of disciples felt a buzzing sound in their ears at the same time!
"Who is it? Who is making such a terrifying roar? "
"It seems to have come from the foot of the mountain. Such a loud sound could be made from such a distance. Is this still a human?"
Many of the outer court disciples' faces turned pale as well. In their imagination, a person who could make such a loud roar should at least be a legendary figure!
If the disciples on the thirty-third peak had such a reaction, one could imagine the reaction of the disciples around the Peak Competition!
The sound waves released by that loud roar overlapped, causing many disciples and even instructors to fall to the ground.
Only a few people, such as Hua Tianming, Xie Yun, and those personal disciples, managed to hold on. However, they were all pale. Clearly, in order to resist this terrifying sound wave, they also consumed a lot of True Essence.
The key was that this sound wave was actually an extremely condensed energy. Ninety-nine percent of the sound wave condensed into a bright yellow ripple that directly rushed into the arena and twisted the purple light into pieces.
At the same time, Jiang Shili, who was hiding in the shadows, also staggered out. He was hiding near the bright yellow ripple, so he suffered the greatest damage. At this moment, his face was as white as paper. After falling from the sky, he spat out a large mouthful of blood on the ground.
The control of this sound wave was also extremely precise, so precise that it was terrifying! After crushing the purple light in front of Luo Zheng, it suddenly disappeared!
Although Luo Zheng was also affected by the energy released by the sound wave, the impact was not great …
"Who was the one who shouted that impudent voice just now? It actually has such terrifying power … "Even Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of horror. Fortunately, this sound wave was not directed at him. If it really rushed at him, he would have been crushed to pieces by the sound wave!
After a while, a middle-aged man slowly floated in the air. It was the Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
Elder Xu also followed behind Shi Jingtian.
"The one who just made a move should be the Sect Master!"
"So powerful. It seems that the Sect Master's roar saved Luo Zheng! Why did the Sect Master make a move? "
"Is this the Sect Master's strength? It's unfathomable. If he didn't condense the sound wave just now and spread it out, I'm afraid that this roar would be able to kill everyone present … "
At this time, the elders who presided over the competition, as well as the referee, bowed to Shi Jingtian. "Sect Master!"
Luo Zheng looked up at Shi Jingtian, he couldn't calm his heart for a long time …
'Martial Dao is so strong, it's really amazing. When will I be able to cultivate to Sovereign's level?'
Shi Jingtian glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "Tianqiong, Zi Qing, you two old men, come out now!"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, the disciples were confused.
............. He should be referring to Zhenren Tianqiong and Perfected Zi Qing, one of the top ten Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect, right?
The reason why the Sect Leader roared earlier was because of these two people? However, most of the disciples couldn't understand why the battle in the arena involved the two Perfected Persons of the Blue Cloud Sect.
The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't figure it out, but some of the hall masters and elders present had already seen the clues.
The purple light released by Jiang Shili just now did not come from Jiang Shili.
Jiang Shili was a rare genius that only appeared once in hundreds of years. Because of his family, Jiang Shili had also received a great opportunity.
However, how could Jiang Shili, who had just entered the Divine Reflection State, release the power of the Divine Reflection State?
In fact, a few elders had already understood the moment the purple light appeared. It was Perfected Zi Qing who had made a move.
These elders chose to protect themselves. Although it was a serious violation of the rules to fight in the arena, Jiang Shili was a personal disciple after all. He was Perfected Zi Qing's disciple. Who was Luo Zheng? He was just a genius warrior who came from a humble background. Who would be willing to stand up for a humble person?
However, they were wrong. These Perfected Persons and elders had been in high positions for a long time and had forgotten the original intention of the Blue Cloud Sect.
As a martial arts holy land in the East Region, the Blue Cloud Sect was not for these Perfected Persons and elders to retire and make profits! The purpose of the Blue Cloud Sect was to find genius disciples in the East Region for the Cloud Hall!
This was also why Shi Jingtian rarely managed the affairs of the Blue Cloud Sect, but he had to participate in the triennial Peak Competition. He needed to review the geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect in the Peak Competition and send the brightest pearl to the Cloud Hall.
In Shi Jingtian's opinion, Luo Zheng could be said to be the most eye-catching pearl in his many years as the Sect Master!
He even had a hunch that even if he was sent to the Cloud Hall, where disciples from all the major regions gathered, they would not be able to ignore Luo Zheng's talent.
Therefore, Shi Jingtian paid attention to Luo Zheng's every fight with great interest. His interest in Luo Zheng had far exceeded that of his personal disciples who were equally talented.
One of the reasons for this was that Luo Zheng was born from the grassroots.
Shi Jingtian himself was also born from the grassroots. From his current height, he was very clear that his personal disciples had all sorts of resources for their cultivation since they started cultivating. On the other hand, Luo Zheng was born from the grassroots and did not have so many resources for his cultivation. The fact that he was able to achieve what he had now only proved that his talent was even more amazing!
However, the pearl that Shi Jingtian had his eyes on was killed by a Perfected Person of the Blue Cloud Sect in front of everyone's eyes!
This was no longer a matter of offending Sect Master Shi Jingtian's dignity. This had already crossed his bottom line.
Zhenren Tianqiong and Perfected Zi Qing's faces were already ashen. They could no longer maintain their sage-like demeanor and staggered over.
Just now, Perfected Zi Qing's all-out attack had almost succeeded. Zhenren Tianqiong's face even revealed a hint of pride. In Zhenren Tianqiong's eyes, Luo Zheng was just a grasshopper. No matter how good this grasshopper was, it would still die in his hands.
No matter how much strength Luo Zheng had hidden, he was destined to not be able to escape Perfected Zi Qing's all-out attack.
However, just as the attack was about to succeed, a furious roar shattered Perfected Zi Qing's purple radiance!
When the two heard the Sect Master's roar, their hearts trembled violently.
They realized that they were wrong. Very wrong.
Yes, no one would stand on Luo Zheng's side. Regardless of whether it was an Elder, a Perfected Person, or a Hall Master, none of them would offend Zi Qing and Tianqiong to protect Luo Zheng. They were not related to Luo Zheng in any way, so there was no need for them to do something so strenuous and unrewarding.
However, they had forgotten about Shi Jingtian.
Perhaps it was because Shi Jingtian had not shown his face for too long and had not intervened in the affairs of the Blue Cloud Sect.
This made Perfected Zi Qing and Zhenren Tianqiong mistakenly think that they could control everything in the Blue Cloud Sect.
It was this illusion that made the two Perfected Person dare to kill someone in the All-Peak Tournament!
"Sect, Sect Master …"
The two of them bowed to Shi Jingtian timidly.
"I don't know who gave you the courage, or if you are as stupid as dogs, or if you have completely forgotten about me, the Sect Master, to dare to kill someone in the All-Peak Tournament so brazenly!" Shi Jingtian said sternly.
"Oh my god …"
When all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect heard Shi Jingtian's words, they finally understood what had just happened.
It turned out that the purple radiance was not Jiang Shili's attack, but the two Perfected Person.
The Ten Perfected Person were all at the Divine Realm. Naturally, that purple radiance was not something Luo Zheng could block!
However, how did Luo Zheng offend these two Perfected Person?
Perhaps this question was no longer important. The key was that Shi Jingtian was now furious …
These two Perfected Person were too shameless. They actually dared to attack a junior in the arena. Many disciples were filled with anger at this moment. However, the atmosphere around the arena was close to a frozen state. No disciple dared to discuss this matter in private.
However, the disciples of the thirty-three peaks were different.
Now that the mentors of the thirty-three peaks had led their teams to participate in the All-Peak Tournament, the hundreds of thousands of disciples had also learned the whole story through the letter tablets. At this moment, both the inner and outer sect disciples' eyes were filled with anger.
"This Blue Cloud Sect is too evil. That bullsh * t Perfected Person actually dared to kill someone in the All-Peak Tournament!"
"Everyone says that the Blue Cloud Sect's rules are strict. However, I'm afraid that these rules only apply to disciples like us. They do not restrict the Perfected Person at all!"
"They must be severely punished! So what if they are Perfected Person? They must be killed, killed, killed, killed! "
The disciples of the thirty-three peaks were in an uproar. However, the venue of the All-Peak Tournament was far away from the thirty-three peaks. Naturally, those disciples did not have the terrifying strength of Shi Jingtian. Naturally, their voices could not travel that far.
"Sect Master, it's not what you think. I was the one who attacked just now. However, I was confused. It was him. It was Zhenren Tianqiong who instigated me, so I …" Perfected Zi Qing's character was not as ruthless as Zhenren Tianqiong. Previously, he was indeed very hesitant about whether to attack.
"Zi Qing, don't slander me! Jiang Shili is your disciple. You were the one who attacked just now. Now, you're blaming me? " Zhenren Tianqiong could only try his best to distance himself. However, as Zhenren Tianqiong spoke, he noticed the murderous intent in Shi Jingtian's eyes.
He suddenly realized that Shi Jingtian was about to kill him!
Assassinating the disciples who participated in the competition at the All-Peak Great Competition, this matter was watched by the disciples of the entire Blue Cloud Sect. If no one paid the price, I'm afraid the reputation of the Blue Cloud Sect would also be greatly damaged.
What was the price? The answer was clear.
With this thought in mind, Zhenren Tianqiong suddenly shot into the sky. He turned into a straight line and flew frantically in one direction!
Compared to Perfected Zi Qing's hesitant character, Zhenren Tianqiong was ruthless and decisive. He immediately understood the situation. There was only one outcome if he stayed, and that was death! It was better to escape with all his might. Perhaps, he could escape with his life!