Shi Jingtian's attack caused the vital energy of the world to become chaotic!
A pale yellow fist energy appeared in his hand. The moment this fist energy appeared, it strangely elongated before everyone's eyes and shot straight into the sky!
Zhenren Tianqiong's speed of escape was also extremely fast. With his Divine Reflection Realm cultivation, he could almost achieve the legendary speed of 'a thousand miles in a day'.
This speed was extremely shocking. Zhenren Tianqiong became a small black dot in the sky in the blink of an eye.
However, Shi Jingtian's fist radiance seemed to have passed through space and instantly hit the small black dot in the sky!
Those with excellent eyesight could see that the moment Zhenren Tianqiong was hit by the fist radiance, his entire body exploded and turned into a rain of blood that fell to the ground.
To be able to instantly kill a Perfected Person from such a long distance away, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air. Sect Master's strength was so terrifying that it was hard to imagine.
Spiritual Master Zi Qing stood in place. When he saw Zhenren Tianqiong's miserable state, his face was already ashen.
He also wanted to escape just now. He thought that with their speed, one of them would be able to escape. But now that he thought about it, how childish and laughable was this thought?
Shi Jingtian stared at Spiritual Master Zi Qing and said, "Zi Qing, since you have contributed to the Blue Cloud Sect back then and received Tianqiong's instigation today, you will go to Purgatory Mountain to spend the rest of your life!"
Even though Daoist Ziqing was at the peak of the Radiant Deity Realm, his age was already great, at most thirty to forty years left to live. The rest of his life could only end in Purgatory Mountain.
However, living was better than dying. Moreover, this matter might still have room to turn around. Spiritual Master Zi Qing naturally did not dare to refute. He only nodded and thanked Shi Jingtian for not killing him.
Shi Jingtian then swept his gaze over Jiang Shili. Jiang Shili was affected by Shi Jingtian's roar just now and was lying on the ground motionlessly like a dead dog. Shi Jingtian shook his head. Jiang Shili was not qualified for Shi Jingtian to deal with him personally. The Blue Cloud Sect naturally had the Discipline Hall to deal with him.
Then, Shi Jingtian's gaze landed on Luo Zheng.
When Shi Jingtian's gaze landed on Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng immediately felt as though he had been seen through. After a while, Shi Jingtian said, "You're not bad." Then, he threw a black item at Luo Zheng. "I tried to control my roar, but it seemed to have affected you. Take this pill. I want to see how strong you are on the stage!"
Luo Zheng caught the black thing and took a closer look. It was a pill. However, Luo Zheng could not tell what was so special about it.
After Shi Jingtian threw out the pill, he flew to the stage without looking back. Instead, Elder Xu walked to Luo Zheng's side and said kindly, "Eat this pill. This is a Blood Coagulation Pill. Not only can it remove all internal injuries, but it can also strengthen your blood!"
Luo Zheng was actually not injured.
Even though the power of Shi Jingtian's roar was indeed shocking, and just the aftermath of the roar had shaken Luo Zheng quite a bit, it was still not an easy task to injure Luo Zheng's Spiritual Weapon Body.
However, from Elder Xu's tone, this pill seemed to be very precious. He naturally had no reason to return it after being rewarded by the Sect Master.
However, Luo Zheng did not know that Elder Xu and a few others who knew the origin of this Blood Coagulation Pill were extremely envious of Luo Zheng …
This Blood Coagulation Pill could not only remove internal injuries, but this was just a side effect of the Blood Coagulation Pill. The key was that the pill could strengthen one's blood.
Blood Qi was very important to a person. A person with vigorous blood Qi would be able to heal quickly even if he was injured. If he lacked blood Qi, then a small wound might not heal for a long time. Moreover, blood not only affected the speed of healing, but also had an indispensable effect on one's endurance and physical recovery.
"Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng wins! Personal disciple Jiang Shili loses! "
After the referee announced the result of the battle, two attendants walked up to the arena and carried Jiang Shili away.
After this battle, many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had a clear understanding of Luo Zheng's strength.
Before the battle with Jiang Shili, everyone thought that Luo Zheng was likely to break into the top ten. However, Luo Zheng was now able to defeat Jiang Shili, who was definitely in the top five! Moreover, he was able to completely restrain Jiang Shili in terms of assassination.
Now, Luo Zheng's strength had become unfathomable in the eyes of many disciples.
More importantly, Shi Jingtian's evaluation!
"You're not bad!"
Shi Jingtian was the Sect Leader of the Blue Cloud Sect. He could be said to be a god-like existence in the Eastern Region.
In the past, there was the Emperor of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty, Su Qian, who was stronger than Shi Jingtian. However, after Su Qian disappeared, Shi Jingtian became the strongest person in the Eastern Region!
To be evaluated as "not bad" by the strongest person in the Eastern Region was undoubtedly a supreme honor.
Under such circumstances, who would dare to look down on Luo Zheng?
Of course, it was not because of Shi Jingtian's evaluation that everyone thought that Luo Zheng would be able to win first place in the All-Sect Tournament.
It was just that everyone finally realized that Luo Zheng was definitely not weak. He could already stand among the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
He returned to Xiao Yufeng's team.
The ones who were most worried about Luo Zheng's safety were naturally Teacher Wen and the others on Xiao Yufeng. However, other than being worried and anxious, they had no other means to help Luo Zheng. After all, this involved a Perfected Person and the Sect Leader. They were not even qualified to intervene.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had not only turned danger into safety, but was also rewarded with an elixir by the Sect Leader, they were relieved. At the same time, they were very envious! Although they did not know what the Blood Coagulation Elixir was, how bad could an elixir given by the Sect Leader be?
After Luo Zheng sat down, he put the Blood Coagulation Elixir into his mouth.
The taste of the Blood Coagulation Elixir was very unique. It melted in his mouth and at the same time, released a large amount of bloody taste. It was as if Luo Zheng did not eat an elixir, but a mass of blood.
After a while, the effect of the Blood Coagulation Elixir began to spread throughout Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, the blood in Luo Zheng's veins flowed more than twice as fast. His whole face was bright red.
The Blood Coagulation Elixir could increase Qi and blood. The faster the Qi and blood flowed, the greater the positive effect it brought to the body.
As the effect of the elixir gradually increased, Luo Zheng felt that every blood vessel in his body seemed to be burning. His Qi and blood kept rolling, as if masses of flames were intertwined together.
However, this feeling was not uncomfortable. On the contrary, it made Luo Zheng feel very comfortable. He felt that his whole body had endless strength.
…
Just as Luo Zheng was meditating and refining the Blood Coagulation Elixir, the battle in the arena began again.
For many disciples, the assassination of Luo Zheng by the Perfected Person was just an interlude in the Peak Competition. For many disciples, the Peak Competition was the most important thing right now.
As the Transmigration Competition came to the end, the battle in the arena became more and more intense.
At this moment, the disciples of the 33 peaks were also working hard for the final ranking.
If they met a personal disciple or a top disciple of the 33 peaks who was no match for them, most of them would simply admit defeat, so as to preserve their strength for the next round of battle. If they met a well-matched opponent, they would try their best to defeat him.
In such fierce battles, the potential of the disciples was revealed one after another.
After seven or eight rounds of the Transmigration Competition, it was Luo Zheng's turn again according to the result of drawing lots.
However, when the referee who supported the battle saw Luo Zheng sitting on the ground and seemed to be refining the Blood Coagulation Elixir, the referee hesitated. After all, the Blood Coagulation Elixir was a reward from the Sect Master. Such a precious elixir must be completely absorbed. Wasting even a little bit of it would be a great sin. Therefore, the referee asked, "Luo Zheng is still refining the elixir. How about we cancel this round?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and said, "No need. You don't have to break the rules for me."
"But …" The referee felt that he was in a difficult position. He was worried that the Sect Master would be unhappy if he sent Luo Zheng to fight. Although Shi Jingtian and the referee didn't have any interactions, the Sect Master's casual hint was enough to make the referee have a hard time.
"I have completely refined the Blood Coagulation Elixir, and my body is fine. Why can't I fight in the arena?" Luo Zheng said with a straight face.
Since Luo Zheng said so, the referee was relieved. His expressionless face showed a trace of a smile, "Then please!"
However, as soon as Luo Zheng stepped on the arena, the person standing on the other side of the arena said, "I admit defeat."
The person who admitted defeat was the personal disciple, Zhangsun Bo. As the top disciple of Carefree Peak, his strength was not bad. However, he had lost to Xie Yun previously. Other than that, he had maintained a winning streak.
Everyone was speechless. It had always been the personal disciples who crushed the peak disciples. They had never seen a personal disciple admit defeat without a fight! This year's Peak Grand Competition had indeed subverted many people's understanding of personal disciples. Perhaps this year's peak disciples had maintained their strength too well!
Not only was there Luo Zheng, but there was also Hua Tianming. Luo Zheng aside, Hua Tianming had defeated two personal disciples in a row without drawing his sword. This was unimaginable in the past.
In addition, Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and the others had also defeated several personal disciples!
Zhangsun Bo's straightforward admission of defeat was indeed surprising. In many people's opinion, Zhangsun Bo had the ability to compete for the top ten.
It couldn't be helped. The strength that Luo Zheng had displayed before was too strong. He was also proficient in soul attacks! Even Jiang Shili, who had cultivated his soul, could not withstand Luo Zheng's soul attack, let alone himself. How difficult was it to cultivate one's soul? Most warriors did not have the opportunity to do so.
In the next few rounds of the competition, Luo Zheng went on stage one after another. The opponents he encountered basically all admitted defeat, so Luo Zheng went up and down the arena …
Mo Yuxin, who was at the side, was depressed.
After so many rounds of drawing lots, it was still not her turn to encounter Luo Zheng.
In fact, Mo Yuxin had planned to use her connections to secretly tamper with the drawing of lots so that she would be in the same round as Luo Zheng.
However, because of Jiang Shili's incident, even a fool could guess that Jiang Shili's match with Luo Zheng was deliberately arranged by the two Perfected Persons. At this time, even if her status was special, who would dare to tamper with it for her?