While Mo Yuxin was feeling depressed, the referee suddenly announced: "Tian Yi Peak's Xie Yun versus pro-disciple Pei Tian Yao!"
Mo Yuxin stuck out her tongue and smiled: "Senior Pei, it's your turn!"
Pei Tian Yao revealed a faint smile and walked up to the stage.
Among the pro-disciples, Pei Tian Yao was an anomaly. He did not have a sharp edge, but his temper was very amiable. He basically did not have any disputes with others.
So it was very difficult to evaluate his strength.
But no one denied his strength because he was ranked second on the Green Cloud Leaderboard.
Li Yifeng was still in seclusion, so when the Reincarnation Competition drew lots, Li Yifeng's name was not put into the drawing box.
If Li Yifeng did not appear before the end of the Reincarnation Competition, then Pei Tian Yao would be the strongest participant in this year's competition.
However, the top ten disciples of the Green Cloud Leaderboard were all very strong.
The strength of these geniuses improved by leaps and bounds. No one had the confidence to win against the other.
Pei Tian Yao's appearance made many of the pro-disciples breathe a sigh of relief!
This year's performance of the pro-disciples was too bad. One must know that the pro-disciples in the previous years were high and mighty! In exaggerated years, the first place to the twentieth place was taken by the pro-disciples …
But this year, the legend was broken. Many of the pro-disciples were defeated by the pro-disciples of the thirty-third peak.
This kind of frustration made the originally superior direct disciples feel a huge gap. The degree of bitterness in their hearts could be imagined, so they urgently needed a leader to boost their morale. And this person was none other than Pei Tianyao.
"Senior Pei, defeat that Xie Yun!"
"Senior Pei, win glory for us pro-disciples!"
If it was in the previous years, the pro-disciples would not need to say such words. But the situation was different, so their mentality also changed. The pro-disciples suddenly discovered that the thirty-third peak inexplicably had a lot of powerful people!
Xie Yun walked up with his sword. He maintained his winning streak. When he saw Pei Tian Yao, he said: "I have been looking forward to this battle for a long time."
"Is that so?" Pei Tian Yao still had a faint smile on his face. He looked somewhat docile and kind.
"Since Li Yifeng didn't come, then it's best to start with you. Let the disciples of the 33 peaks understand that the so-called direct disciples are nothing!" Xie Yun laughed.
Three years ago, Xie Yun had been repeatedly defeated by personal disciples. During these three years, Xie Yun had been bitterly cultivating in seclusion, all for the sake of getting back his face in the Peak Grand Competition this time!
Pei Tianyao shrugged his shoulders and agreed with Xie Yun: "I also think that being a pro-disciple is nothing special."
Xie Yun shook his head. The treasured saber in his hand drew a semicircle in the air. "The arrogance of you direct disciples is engraved in your bones. Although you say so, you may not be convinced in your heart! But it doesn't matter. After this battle, I will make you admit defeat! "
After Xie Yun finished speaking, Pei Tianyao nodded his head and stretched out three fingers: You are right, maybe I have some arrogance in my bones. This arrogance tells me that I only need three moves to deal with you.
"Three moves! I know that Pei Tianyao is very strong, very strong, but to take down Xie Yun in three moves, you are just bragging! "
"Impossible, Xie Yun is still in a winning streak. His strength is not much different from Pei Tianyao. It is still unknown who will win. Three moves, I don't believe it."
"Humph, so what if he is ranked second on the Master List? Three moves to take down Xie Yun … This direct disciple is really arrogant. If he can't take down Xie Yun in three moves, I want to see where Tan Tianyao's face will go! "
The disciples of the 33 peaks had serious internal strife. Often, several peaks did not see eye to eye with each other. But whenever they faced a direct disciple, they immediately became united.
When Xie Yun heard Pei Tianyao's words, he suddenly laughed. After laughing, he coldly said: "Good, in that case, I want to see how your three moves will shock the world and make the gods weep!"
After that, Xie Yun took the lead to attack with his treasured saber.
The treasured saber in Xie Yun's hand was also a high-grade spirit weapon. But on the blade of this high-grade spirit weapon, there were two crystals engraved!
Generally, a high-grade spirit weapon engraved with one crystal was comparable to a low-grade immortal weapon. But engraved with two crystals was even more difficult. The power of this treasured saber was infinitely close to a middle-grade immortal weapon!
"Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, Three Layered Waves!"
From Xie Yun's body, an extremely fierce and overbearing aura was emitted. Then, Xie Yun suddenly waved his treasured saber.
Three sharp saber Qi were like the waves of the sea, slashing towards Pei Tianyao. This Three Layered Waves attack was divided into three parts. Just the power of the first wave was already terrifying to the extreme. The second wave was double the power of the first wave, and the third wave was double the power of the second wave. Each wave was stronger than the previous one!
In fact, in the Heaven class skill, Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, one could cultivate the Four Layered Waves, or even the Five Layered Waves. Every additional wave was not as simple as simply doubling the power! Because the Three Layered Waves was a six-layered attack, the Four Layered Waves was actually a ten-layered attack! However, with Xie Yun's current strength, he could only use the Three Layered Waves, but it was enough for Xie Yun to sweep the whole sect!
Facing the Three Layered Waves, Pei Tianyao's face still had a faint smile, without any superfluous expression.
At the moment when the surging saber Qi was about to drown Pei Tianyao, a shadow suddenly appeared on his body. It was the shadow of a big bell!
"Dang!"
"Dang, dang!"
"Dang, dang, dang!"
Suddenly, everyone heard six clear and melodious bell sounds. That was the sound of the Three Layered Waves hitting Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield.
Everyone had their own Protective Zhen Yuan, but only Pei Tianyao was able to condense his Protective Zhen Yuan into a Golden Bell Canopy to withstand Xie Yun's attack.
"I used the Golden Bell Shield. This is also one move. I still have two moves." Pei Tianyao lightly said.
Xie Yun's face sank. This Pei Tianyao was clearly looking down on him. The three moves he agreed on were usually three offensive moves, but Pei Tianyao actually included his defensive moves. The subtext was that he only needed two moves! This was something Xie Yun, who had always been proud of in Tianyi peak, could not accept.
"Since you are boasting shamelessly, I will force you to defend. Let's see if you still have the face to mention it after defending three times!"
"Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, Hundred Slash!"
The saber in Xie Yun's hand suddenly turned into hundreds of gray saber shadows. These saber shadows almost completely covered Pei Tianyao.
"Dang, dang, dang, dang, dang … …"
Another series of bell sounds rang, but Xie Yun still could not break Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield. At this time, Xie Yun deliberately said: "You have defended twice. Do you only have one move left?"
Pei Tianyao seriously nodded his head and said: "Indeed, I only have one move left."
Xie Yun raised his eyebrows and once again brandished his saber and said: "Then let's see how you can defeat me with one move!"
If what Pei Tianyao said was true, then Pei Tianyao simply could not defend against Xie Yun's third attack. Since defending was one move, then he could not attack. If he chose to attack, then he could not defend.
Xie Yun's saber was very destructive. It was only because Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield that he could not break it. If it was someone else who dared to resist his saber, that person would have already been turned into a pile of fragments.
"This time, let's see how you will deal with it! Tyrant Saber of the Heavens, the strongest saber skill, Asura Slash! "
This attack contained Xie Yun's extreme understanding of saber skill. He even hid a small success level saber intent in this Asura Slash!
Compared to sword intent, saber intent was less sharp, but more domineering!
When this attack came out, Xie Yun looked like a conqueror who had been fighting for many years. He revealed a domineering aura!
When Xie Yu slashed her blade, Pei Tianyao finally made his move. His last move in the three-move agreement was actually the only move he could make!
"Buddha's Reincarnation!"
＝＝＝＝＝