The Buddhist cultivation method was very powerful, but it was also very low-key and very mysterious.
Even in the Heavenly Book Pavilion of the Blue Cloud Sect, there was basically no record of Buddhist cultivation method.
No one knew where Pei Tianyao learned these Buddhist cultivation methods.
Pei Tianyao said three moves, but in fact, he only used his Golden Bell Shield to resist two of Xie Yun's moves. In fact, he only intended to use one move to attack.
Buddha's Reincarnation
In Buddhism, people did not vanish into thin air after death. Instead, they would be reincarnated in the six realms. These six realms were the Heavenly Dao, Human Dao, Asura Dao, and the Three Evil Dao's Hell Dao, Hungry Ghost Dao, and Animal Dao.
At this moment, six small golden balls suddenly appeared beside Pei Tianyao. The outer shell of these small balls was golden, but the surface of the small balls was engraved with different patterns. These six small balls represented the six worlds.
This was also because Pei Tianyao's cultivation was still shallow, so these small balls were still in this state. If his cultivation continued to be profound, and he cultivated the Buddha's Reincarnation to perfection, the small balls would produce six different small worlds, just like the space inside the Sumeru Ring.
However, there were no living things inside the Sumeru Ring, but these six small balls were the real six worlds.
Of course, if these six small balls could really produce six small worlds, Pei Tianyao's strength would be unimaginably strong. Even a character like the Sovereign of the Blue Cloud Sect, like Shi Potian, would be killed by him.
As soon as these small balls appeared, they began to rotate quickly, and with the rotation of these small balls, a vortex was formed in front of Pei Tianyao.
Pei Tianyao's set of cultivation technique looked ordinary and mediocre. There was nothing special about it. Even when he used Buddha's Reincarnation, it only created a whirlpool. Moreover, the whirlpool looked very gentle and inconspicuous.
But Buddhist cultivation method was like this, it looked gentle and plain, but no one could deny its strength.
"Pretentious! Break for me! "
Xie Yun's sword slashed out.
This Asura Slash was Xie Yun's strongest killing move. He had never used it in any of his previous battles because none of those people had the qualifications to make him use this move.
Xie Yun was not a fool. Although he was arrogant, he could not ignore Pei Tianyao's strength. The title of Blue Cloud Sect's second place was not for nothing. As for the Blue Cloud Sect's first place, Li Yifeng, he was a monster.
Therefore, Xie Yun was going all out at this moment! Even a lion would use its full strength to catch a rabbit. Not to mention, Pei Tianyao was probably a stronger beast than a lion!
At this moment, Xie Yun's Minor Success Saber Intent had already condensed into a grey Saber Light. This Saber Light was condensed from the Saber Intent, and was far more powerful than the Saber Light condensed from the True Essence. When Xie Yun had first cultivated this move, he had chopped down on a 200 feet tall hill with his saber.
With a single Asura Slash, the twenty foot tall hill was split in half!
The Saber was the hegemon of weapons. When cultivated to the extreme, it could split the mountain and the earth, bursting out an unparalleled domineering aura.
The moment this fierce Saber Qi was produced, the surrounding air violently vibrated as if it could not withstand this overbearing Saber Qi. It issued a burst of sharp whistling sound.
"Xiu ~ ~ ~"
The Saber Qi rushed into Pei Tianyao's six whirlpools in a flash.
When the Saber Qi came into contact with the six whirlpools, the outermost whirlpools were quickly crushed. It was as if the Saber Qi was crushing Pei Tianyao's six whirlpools layer by layer.
Seeing this scene, Xie Yun sneered and said, "Let's see how you block it!"
Xie Yun felt that he had won.
Since Pei Tianyao had boasted, with his status, he would naturally abide by it. If Pei Tianyao admitted defeat because of the three moves agreement, Xie Yun would have taken advantage of him. Because if he continued to fight with Pei Tianyao, Xie Yun was not sure if he could win.
But soon, Xie Yun's smile froze on his face.
As his Asura Slash went deeper and deeper, the speed of his advance gradually slowed down. At the beginning, it was like a hot knife cutting through butter, but now, it was difficult to move forward and directly stopped in the middle of the whirlpool.
"My Saber Qi was actually imprisoned! What kind of trick is this? " Xie Yun's face was full of horror. Whether it was Zhen Yuan or Saber Qi, they were all under the control of Xie Yun's body. But at this moment, he found that his Saber Qi was easily taken away by Pei Tianyao.
Pei Tianyao's face was expressionless. He just stretched out his hand and pointed at the whirlpool in front of him. The whirlpool in front of him suddenly rotated in the opposite direction.
And the extremely condensed Asura Slash that was imprisoned in the middle of the whirlpool was also constantly rotating with the whirlpool.
"Boom!"
Xie Yun heard a violent vibration in the air and the Asura Slash flew back to him.
"This is my Asura Slash! How can it be aimed at me? No … it's even more powerful than my Asura Slash, this Pei Tianyao … "
No one knew the power of Asura Slash better than Xie Yun, but at this moment, Xie Yun found that the Asura Slash in the middle of the whirlpool was even more powerful and terrifying than the one he had used before.
"Retreat!"
Knowing that he was no match for Pei Tianyao, Xie Yun chose to retreat, but his retreat speed was obviously not as fast as the Asura Slash. Almost in the blink of an eye, the Asura Slash had already arrived in front of him.
Unable to dodge, Xie Yun raised his Saber in front of him to block!
"Bang!"
Although Xie Yun's Saber blocked most of the Saber Qi, but this Asura Slash contained a strong power that directly sent him flying. And the scattered Saber Qi contained Saber Qi, and Saber Qi also tore Xie Yun's robe into pieces.
In the end, Xie Yun hit the barrier's light curtain all the way and slowly slid down. At this moment, Xie Yun's robe was torn by his own Saber Qi, and his body was covered with wounds, some of which were so deep that even his bones could be seen!
Xie Yun's eyes were absent-minded, leaning against the barrier's light curtain, his heart was incomparably depressed.
It's not that he didn't think that he would lose, but he didn't think that he would lose so miserably, defeated by his own strongest attack. And after passing through Pei Tianyao's strange whirlpool, the reflected Asura Slash's power more than doubled …
"Three moves, more than enough to defeat you." Pei Tianyao looked at Xie Yun faintly, then turned his head and left.
When the disciples of the 33 peaks saw this scene, they were all silent.
This year, the performance of the 33 peaks' disciples was particularly good, Luo Zheng, Xie Yun, Hua Tianming, Wu Xie …
These dark horses that suddenly appeared, or the top disciples of the peaks who had been famous for a long time, had surpassed the results of those pretentious pro-disciples. This made the inner and outer sect disciples of the 33 peaks proud and elated. So what if they didn't have the skills of a master? So what if they were born from the grassroots? They could still defeat their pro-disciples.
However, Pei Tianyao's appearance gave the inner and outer sect disciples of the 33 peaks a fierce lesson.
Even a genius like Xie Yun, the most outstanding disciple of the First Sky Peak, only needed three moves! No, only one move, from the beginning to the end, Pei Tianyao only made one attack, and this one attack made Xie Yun lose his fighting strength.
Pro-Disciples were too terrifying …
"Senior Brother Pei, too cool!"
"Senior Brother Pei, you didn't use three moves, you let Xie Yun make two moves, and in the end, you only used one move, and in that one move, half of it came from Xie Yun's own attack!"
"Yes, our Senior Brother Pei only needed half a move to defeat these grasshoppers of the 33 peaks. Hahaha, let's see how these grasshoppers will jump around!"
"Senior Brother Pei is not the strongest amongst our personal disciples. The strongest amongst our personal disciples is Li Yifeng, who is still in seclusion. If he were to appear, he would be able to defeat all the disciples of the 33 peaks. You want to surpass us? Dream on! Save that for your next life!"
In all fairness, the performance of the pro-disciples in this year's All-Peak Competition was not good, and many of them were defeated by the peak disciples. For example, there were three pro-disciples who lost to Xie Yun, two pro-disciples who lost to Wu Xie, and one who lost to Luo Zheng …
Therefore, the pro-disciples were also holding their breaths. After all, whether it was resources or talent, they were far stronger than the peak disciples. They were the elites of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples, and the entire Blue Cloud Sect only had a few dozen pro-disciples, while the peak disciples had hundreds of thousands.
Under such circumstances, they were still defeated by the peak disciples, and this was a big loss of face.
Fortunately, Pei Tianyao helped them regain their face and proved the strength of the pro-disciples. Finally, the pro-disciples could hold their heads high.
"What are you shouting for? Don't you only have one Pei Tianyao? We still have Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng, and many other geniuses. The winner of this year's All-Peak Competition is still unknown! "
Hearing the various sarcastic remarks of the pro-disciples, some peak disciples finally could not help but counterattack.
"Hahaha, Luo Zheng? The one at Xiantian Second Stage? Hua Tianming? The one at Xiantian Full Circle? Do you only have these disciples that you can bring out? You think they can be a match for our Senior Brother Pei? Dream on! "
The pro-disciples also did not decline and retorted.
The peak disciples and pro-disciples began to ridicule each other, and this ridicule soon escalated to abuse.
Regarding this kind of behavior, the elders of the Blue Cloud Sect and the referees who maintained order did not stop them.
In fact, the entire Blue Cloud Sect was like a container for storing crickets, allowing the disciples to compete with each other and finally nurture the most talented and strongest martial artists.
Of course, after all, people were not crickets, and the struggle within the Blue Cloud Sect was not an unlimited slaughter, but a reasonable set of rules was set up to stimulate the disciples' courage to the greatest extent, so that they could display their greatest talent!
This round of quarrels and abuse became more and more intense, and when it looked like a fight was about to break out, two elders arrived late in the sky and released two strong coercion, deterring all the disciples.
"You have quarreled enough, then continue to fight. Prove your strength, not with your mouth, but with your fists on the battlefield!"
Just two coercion, ended the quarrel, and at this moment, whether it was the pro-disciples or the peak disciples, they all wanted to regain their face in the next fight.