Hearing this, Mo Yuxin's face finally revealed a smile. On the stage, she looked at Luo Zheng with a grin. "I've waited for so long. Finally! Luo Zheng, let's see where you can run to this time! "
Luo Zheng looked at Mo Yuxin and said with a faint smile, "I'm the opposite of you. I'm not looking forward to this fight."
"Why?" Mo Yuxin asked.
"Because I don't know how to deal with you if I win," Luo Zheng said.
Previously, Mo Yuxin had challenged Luo Zheng. If one of them lost, they would be at the mercy of the other.
"Are you sure you can beat me?" Mo Yuxin's two thin, shapely eyebrows gently raised.
"There shouldn't be a problem." Luo Zheng nodded with certainty.
"Hmph, alright then. Originally, I only wanted to punish you a little if I won, but now I've changed my mind. If I win, I want you to turn into a horse and stay by my side. You have to be my mount at all times!" Mo Yuxin said very seriously. She didn't seem to be joking at all.
After she finished speaking, Mo Yuxin raised her jade-like hands and reached behind her head to remove the two Emei Piercings from her hair.
This pair of foot-long Emei Piercings was her hair ornament when she wasn't fighting.
"Ah, isn't this bet too big? She wants Luo Zheng to be the Little Witch's horse? "
"That's too much. If Luo Zheng really loses, he can only be at her disposal!"
However, with Qin Gang as an example, no one dared to challenge Mo Yuxin. Who knew what would happen if they angered this Little Witch? She didn't care about the rules of the arena at all.
"I agree, but the premise is that you can really defeat me!" Luo Zheng responded.
"Very good. It seems like you still underestimated me." Mo Yuxin's lips curled up slightly. "You're destined to regret it!"
After she finished speaking, the two Emei Piercings in Mo Yuxin's hands suddenly turned into two green-grey sharp points and stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
Before this, Mo Yuxin had already displayed her extraordinary speed. Her speed had indeed made many Blue Cloud Sect disciples gasp in amazement!
Luo Zheng was about to be pierced through, but Luo Zheng's feet moved slightly, and he easily dodged the two attacks. Strangely, Luo Zheng's body only swayed a little, but he was still standing in the same place!
This battle, Mo Yuxin also went all out.
Pei Tianyao had once evaluated Mo Yuxin like this. Her talent was second in the Blue Cloud Sect, and no one would dare to claim to be first.
Unfortunately, although Mo Yuxin's talent was abnormal, she was playful by nature and didn't like to cultivate. She often slacked off and wasted her great talent.
Even so, with her terrifying talent, she only had half the time of others to cultivate, and the increase in her strength was already very shocking.
"Thousand Feather Illusory Sting!"
All of a sudden, Mo Yuxin turned into a series of afterimages.
Whether it was a person or something else, once the speed reached the extreme, it would produce afterimages. In high-speed movement, it would naturally produce afterimages.
Luo Zheng could easily pull out afterimages of his own figure.
However, Mo Yuxin's afterimages were more special. These afterimages were not only shadows, but they could also maintain the same movements as Mo Yuxin.
"This!" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. Dozens of afterimages appeared around Luo Zheng. Each afterimage was a Mo Yuxin, and each Mo Yuxin held an Emei Piercer and stabbed a green-grey sharp point at Luo Zheng.
Mo Yuxin's method was somewhat similar to Jiang Shili's. However, Jiang Shili's shadows could only hide, while Mo Yuxin's afterimages could launch attacks.
However, Mo Yuxin did not have Jiang Shili's extremely brilliant concealment technique. With Luo Zheng's powerful soul perception, he could almost instantly identify Mo Yuxin's position.
Although there were dozens of Mo Yuxin's afterimages, and each afterimage used the Emei Piercer to stab hundreds of green-grey sharp points, Luo Zheng ignored most of the attacks. He only held the broken flying dagger and kept waving it to his side to block.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
Luo Zheng held the broken flying dagger and blocked hundreds of green-grey sharp points in a very short period of time. As for the tens of thousands of sharp points from the other afterimages, they completely passed through Luo Zheng's body and did not cause him any harm. Those sharp points were just illusions!
Seeing that her attacks were blocked by Luo Zheng's small fighting block one by one, Mo Yuxin's eyes flashed with a strange light. This time, she no longer moved around Luo Zheng, but chose to fight Luo Zheng in close combat!
Luo Zheng did not use a sword, so both of them used short weapons!
Mo Yuxin's Emei Piercer was sharp, but Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow either. After the two of them got close, they attacked countless times in an instant.
In the arena, it was as if there was a musical instrument playing halfway, tinkling non-stop.
"Your attacks are useless against me. If you're only at this level, I can defeat you in an instant." Luo Zheng's defense with the broken flying dagger was extremely accurate. In terms of strength, Luo Zheng had a considerable advantage. Mo Yuxin's strength was not on the same level as his. Even if Luo Zheng was only blocking, Mo Yuxin's arm was slightly numb.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Yuxin's attack slowed down. After she stopped, she stared at Luo Zheng, frowned, and pouted her lips. "I guessed this would be the result … I was hesitating whether I should use that move or not, but now it seems that I have no other choice …"
In the arena, when Pei Tianyao heard Mo Yuxin's words, he suddenly stood up. He was always calm like a mountain, but at this moment, he could not stay calm. "Junior Sister Mo, this is just a fight, don't use that move!"
Pei Tianyao was clear that if Mo Yuxin used that move, even he would find it difficult to resist! But once it was used, it would have a great impact on Mo Yuxin's body, so there was no need to use it in this fight!
"But … if I don't use that move, I will lose to him!" Mo Yuxin's face showed a trace of grievance, obviously she was not reconciled.
"If you lose, you lose. Your skill is not as good as others. So what if you lose? If you feel that you are no match for him, you can just admit defeat. I believe that Luo Zheng will not really punish you. Brother Luo Zheng, don't you think so? "Pei Tianyao said seriously.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "That's true! I will not make things difficult for you. "
Mo Yuxin pouted her small mouth, she was still somewhat unwilling. When Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao thought that Mo Yuxin was going to admit defeat, Mo Yuxin suddenly said: "No, you will not make things difficult for me, but I really want to make things difficult for you!"
After that, Mo Yuxin gently turned the two Emei Piercers in her hands, and they intertwined, piercing her temple from both sides.
Mo Yuxin had a good sense of propriety, the Emei Piercers only left a red dot on her temple, and after piercing that acupuncture point, she gently pierced her arm, calf, neck, and other 16 acupuncture points.
This process was quite fast, Pei Tianyao simply did not have time to stop it. Seeing this scene, he could only sigh. Sure enough, it was not easy to dissuade his little sister. This time, Luo Zheng was going to be miserable …
After the 16 acupuncture points were pierced, Mo Yuxin's momentum suddenly changed!
The Vital Qi that escaped from the sixteen meridians was mixed with strands of Blood Qi, which condensed behind Mo Yuxin's back.
"Qing Luan body, activate!" Originally, Mo Yuxin's voice had a trace of playfulness and cuteness, but at this moment, her voice had a kind of supreme majesty, which came from her blood!
"Qing Luan? Is it the Mythical Beast Qing Luan? Why does Mo Yuxin have the Qing Luan body? Is she not a human, but a Mythical Beast? "
"Qing Luan is a noble Mythical Beast, how can it transform into a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect? It should be because she has the blood of Qing Luan in her body! "
"Possessing the blood of the Mythical Beast Qing Luan, this … I previously thought that Mo Yuxin's strength was not that strong, probably only a little stronger than Quan Xiaoyan, but weaker than Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and the others. I never thought that she would actually have the blood of a Mythical Beast. Just this blood, which disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect can compare to!"
Regarding the various legends of Mythical Beasts, as disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, it was impossible for them not to have heard of them.
However, although they had heard of many legends of Mythical Beasts, no one had actually seen one!
Now that they knew that their direct disciple Mo Yuxin had the blood of the Mythical Beast Qing Luan, how could they not be shocked?
In the legends, the strongest Mythical Beasts belonged to the four major races, which were the Qinglong, the Vermillion Bird, the White Tiger, and the Black Tortoise. These could become super Mythical Beasts, and below the super Mythical Beasts were the Kun Peng, Qing Luan, Nine Colored Deer, and so on.
As Mo Yuxin's blood rolled, her Zhen Yuan overflowed, slowly condensing a faint Qing Luan shadow behind Mo Yuxin.
This Qing Luan shadow was very indifferent. It was only a faint shadow, but this faint shadow gave people a strong sense of oppression.
Even the elders who were in charge of maintaining order had a cautious look on their faces. Although Mo Yuxin's strength was not enough to threaten those elders, it still gave birth to a trace of inexplicable fear in their hearts. The majesty of a Mythical Beast was so strong and unreasonable.
"I don't know why, but I hate you. I hate your face, so I must teach you a good lesson!" At this moment, Mo Yuxin's aura had completely changed. From the original good and evil character, she had become a goddess!
Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless. Listening to Pei Tianyao's tone, it seemed that Mo Yuxin could not use her Qing Luan body at will. He did not know how he had provoked this little witch to make her fight with him like this.
Originally, he thought that he would win this battle easily. He did not expect that Mo Yuxin would suddenly change like this.
After her transformation, her aura suppressed Luo Zheng, almost making Luo Zheng unable to breathe.
"It seems like I have to get serious." Thinking until here, Luo Zheng took out his Flowing Light Sword from his spatial ring.