Mo Yuxin was slender and elegant as she stood in the middle of the arena. Behind her, the Azure Luan's shadow was faintly discernible. Under the enormous pressure, she was like an aloof goddess. That incomparably elegant figure made people unable to look directly at her.
No one would have thought that such an unforeseen event would occur in the arena.
None of the disciples had expected that a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect would possess something as unattainable as the bloodline of a divine beast.
At this moment, no one believed that Luo Zheng could defeat Mo Yuxin who had activated her Azure Luan Body. Everyone felt that at this moment, Luo Zheng's best choice was to directly admit defeat.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng took out a sword.
"Sword? Luo Zheng took out a sword? He's a swordsman? Did I see wrongly? "
"Nonsense, you definitely didn't see wrong. Luo Zheng took out a sword … Moreover, that sword's grade isn't low. It's an immortal weapon!"
"Heavens, that means Luo Zheng didn't use his full strength before? That flying dagger and soul attack weren't his true trump cards? How many trump cards does he have! "
The shock caused by the Azure Luan Body hadn't dissipated yet. At this moment, seeing Luo Zheng take out a sword, many of the disciples were shocked again.
Who would have thought that a martial artist at the Second Layer of Body Refinement could defeat Xiantian Full Circle experts, defeat a bunch of Divine Reflection experts, defeat a direct disciple, and still not use his full strength? Luo Zheng's image suddenly became unfathomable in everyone's minds.
Unfathomable meant that it was difficult to predict. Because after seeing Luo Zheng play one trump card after another, but his trump cards seemed to be endless, people had no standard to judge Luo Zheng's strength.
Just now, the Azure Luan Body gave everyone a huge sense of oppression. They thought that Luo Zheng would definitely lose, but at this moment, Luo Zheng's unfathomable impression made everyone's guesses waver.
This was too abnormal … The man and woman in the arena had reached heights that many of them would never be able to reach in their lifetime!
Hua Tianming, who had been silently watching the battle, stared at the sword-wielding Luo Zheng with eyes as sharp as swords. At this moment, his eyes were full of fighting spirit.
Hua Tianming was very similar to Luo Zheng.
Both of them were dark horses that had appeared out of nowhere. Both of them were able to challenge those at a higher realm than them. However, Luo Zheng was even more thorough. He had directly challenged those at the Divine Reflection Realm with the strength of a Xiantian second stage. On the other hand, Hua Tianming had challenged them with the strength of a Xiantian great circle. In comparison, Hua Tianming seemed somewhat weaker.
However … Hua Tianming was a swordsman, but until now, no one had been able to make him draw his sword. From this point alone, it could be seen that Hua Tianming was no less terrifying than Luo Zheng.
Ever since Hua Tianming had seen Luo Zheng's sword steps, he had developed an interest in Luo Zheng. Moreover, he had wanted to fight him very much. Unfortunately, the heavens weren't on his side. Along the way, the two of them hadn't been able to get together by drawing lots.
However, at this moment, when Hua Tianming saw Luo Zheng draw his sword, he realized that it wasn't by chance that Luo Zheng could use the sword steps! He was simply a swordsman, and he had also comprehended sword intent!
Even if he had comprehended sword intent, using the sword steps wasn't something that could be learned overnight. Hua Tianming had a deep understanding of this point. After comprehending sword intent, he had spent three months practicing the sword steps. However, when Luo Zheng had seen him use the sword steps, he had actually been able to learn it in such a short time …
Geniuses were always proud. Although Hua Tianming was never complacent, he was still very arrogant in his bones. Even so, he had to admit that Luo Zheng's talent was indeed terrifying.
"Well, it seems that we'll have to fight in the All-Sect Competition. I'm looking forward to this battle!" Hua Tianming took a deep breath and said silently in his heart.
On the high platform, Shi Jingtian chuckled twice. "Alas, this girl Mo Yuxin is really mischievous. Activating the Blue Phoenix Body consumes a lot of her energy. She actually activated it in the arena. This girl is really too much. But it's also good. I didn't expect that Mo Yuxin's activation of the Blue Phoenix Body would force Luo Zheng to use his trump card. He even knows how to use a sword! Let's see how far he has comprehended sword intent! "
Elder Xu stared blankly at the arena for a while before he said, "I'm really getting old. Unknowingly, so many talented juniors have emerged in the Blue Cloud Sect. This is the blessing of our Blue Cloud Sect."
"Well, Elder Xu, who do you think will win if the girl's Blue Phoenix Body goes against Luo Zheng's sword?" Shi Jingtian suddenly asked.
Elder Xu frowned and thought for a while before he said, "Since Luo Zheng is willing to draw his sword at this time, this sword must be something he relies on. Otherwise, he wouldn't have chosen to draw his sword at this time. It's better to use the previous battle method. However … even if Luo Zheng has comprehended some sword principles, it's still too difficult for him to defeat Mo Yuxin with the Blue Phoenix Body. I don't think Luo Zheng will win."
"Is that so?" Shi Jingtian looked at the battle arena and said, "According to normal reasoning, this is indeed the case. Mo Yuxin's Blue Phoenix Body is still very weak, but in the Divine Reflection Realm, she probably won't be able to find an opponent. However, for some reason, I feel that Luo Zheng will still create a miracle."
"If miracles happen frequently, then they won't be miracles anymore." Elder Xu didn't agree with the Sect Leader's words. "Luo Zheng has already created too many miracles. No one can continue to create miracles until the end."
Elder Xu's words made sense, so Shi Jingtian didn't refute. He only said, "If that's the case, then let's just watch quietly."
The shining silver sword was placed horizontally in front of Luo Zheng's chest. The tip of the sword pointed to the ground. He suddenly said to Mo Yuxin, "Before we start, I have a question to ask. Why do you hate me so much?"
Luo Zheng didn't like being hated for no reason, especially by a powerful beauty. At the same time, he felt that he was wronged. He didn't seem to have done anything wretched or annoying. Why was Mo Yuxin like this?
"I don't know. I just hate you when I see your calm face. I want to ravage you!" Mo Yuxin's voice became very cold.
Luo Zheng curled his lips helplessly. "Then let's wait and see how you're going to ravage me!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng's sword tip lightly drew on the ground. Surging sword essence instantly bloomed from his body.
Hua Tianming could rely only on sword essence, controlling the sword steps, and some other methods to overcome all obstacles. This was enough to show how terrifying sword essence was. Even if Xie Yun had comprehended the Small Success Saber Essence, it was enough for him to laugh at the 33 peaks and become a top disciple.
Artistic conception was originally something that couldn't be explained. It was illusory but extremely powerful!
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Mo Yuxin suddenly moved.
The Blue Phoenix was a kind of divine bird, also known as Cang Luan. It was a branch of the super divine beast, the Phoenix. The Blue Phoenix inherited the Phoenix's speed, but it didn't inherit the Phoenix's inextinguishable divine fire. Therefore, it was best at controlling the wind!
When Mo Yuxin moved, the wind in the whole arena began to surge.
This surge of wind was completely different from Zhuge Xi's method of controlling wind. Zhuge Xi used Vital Essence and the Yin and Yang Fan to control wind. He released his Vital Essence and used the fluctuation of Vital Essence to stir up the wind. However, Mo Yuxin didn't do that. She used her own affinity for wind to directly control the wind!
In other words, Mo Yuxin, who had awakened the body of the Blue Phoenix, was equal to the master of the wind.
Her exquisite body seemed to float with the wind. Suddenly, she disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes. She moved so fast that Luo Zheng almost couldn't see her.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
An almost inaudible breeze blew toward Luo Zheng.
This breeze was very soft, like the warm wind in March. However, it was this breeze that made Luo Zheng feel a strong killing intent.
In an instant, Mo Yuxin appeared beside Luo Zheng. The two Emei Piercers in her hands, shining with blue light, were fiercely stabbing toward Luo Zheng from the left and the right.
"Protective Sword Intent!"
In the face of Mo Yuxin's unpredictable sneak attack, Luo Zheng reflexively unfolded his protective sword essence. Layers of sharp sword essence slashed toward Mo Yuxin.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
There was another series of collision sounds. This time, Luo Zheng's Protective Sword Intent collided with Mo Yuxin's Emei Piercers.
Although Luo Zheng's Sword Intent was strong, it couldn't force Mo Yuxin to retreat. Mo Yuxin's ethereal eyes flashed with a blue light. The two Emei Piercers forcibly resisted Luo Zheng's Protective Sword Intent and stabbed toward Luo Zheng.
"Puff puff!"
After realizing that his Protective Sword Intent couldn't stop Mo Yuxin, Luo Zheng quickly activated the energy of the Phoenix Crystal. He fell backward and rolled over at the same time. However, he still couldn't avoid being injured. The two Emei Piercers stabbed into Luo Zheng's shoulders, leaving two bloody holes with blood flowing out.
"So strong!" Luo Zheng wiped the blood on his shoulders and looked coldly at Mo Yuxin.
"Originally, I only wanted to stab you twice, but now I've changed my mind. If I want to stab you, I'll stab you more. I've decided to stab you ten times!" Mo Yuxin said coldly. After activating the Blue Phoenix Body, Mo Yuxin's character became cold, but her nature still existed.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's face showed a faint smile.
"Every time you smile, I'll stab you one more time. It's useless to admit defeat. Now it's eleven!" Mo Yuxin said coldly.
"You're raising the price?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He didn't pay attention to Mo Yuxin's warning and continued to show the smile that Mo Yuxin hated very much.
"Twelve!" Mo Yuxin gritted her teeth and said.
"Haha, stab me as many times as you want! As long as you have the ability! " Luo Zheng suddenly raised the Flowing Light Sword in his hand and got into a fighting stance. Just now, he just wanted to test whether his Sword Intent could threaten Mo Yuxin. Now, he was serious.
However, when Luo Zheng got into this fighting stance, all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, including the pro-disciples, the Elders, and even Shi Jingtian were stunned.
"Basic Sword Technique?"
Luo Zheng's fighting stance was the starting stance of the Basic Sword Technique …
＝＝＝＝＝