Basic Swordsmanship …
At this moment, everyone in the Blue Cloud Sect who was paying attention to the fight was stunned.
Only one person was gloating, and that was Zhao Zhao of the Ninety Feet Peak.
He had been frightened by Luo Zheng's "Basic Swordsmanship," so he could understand the shock in everyone's hearts at this moment.
"These guys are probably shocked to the point of death, right?" Zhao Zhao thought fiercely in his heart.
Moreover, when Luo Zheng had used the Basic Swordsmanship, he had been on the Seven Stars Spectroscopic Platform and had not faced such a strong opponent. Now that Luo Zheng had used the Basic Swordsmanship, the degree of shock in these guys' hearts, or rather, the degree of awkwardness, in their hearts should be even more exaggerated than Zhao Zhao's at that time …
The Basic Swordsmanship was the first set of swordsmanship that most martial artists came into contact with. Similarly, there were also Basic Spear Techniques, Basic Fist Techniques, and so on.
Generally speaking, martial artists who focused on cultivation would learn the entire set of swordsmanship by heart when they were children. Then, they would use the foundation laid by the Basic Swordsmanship to practice other swordsmanship.
Although the moves of the Basic Swordsmanship were extremely simple, when faced with a more powerful expert, it was somewhat difficult to make ends meet. Whether it was the variation of moves or the power, it was far from enough. Therefore, no one would use the Basic Swordsmanship in this kind of situation.
This was equivalent to using a one-plus-one algorithm to decipher the complicated arithmetic of nine palaces. The difficulty of this could be imagined!
"Luo Zheng couldn't have been beaten silly, right? He took out a fairy weapon and actually used the Basic Swordsmanship. Is he trying to provoke Mo Yuxin? "
"Using the Basic Swordsmanship to fight in the Blue Cloud Sect's Peak Competition? This is probably the most unheard of in the Blue Cloud Sect since its establishment, right?"
"Well, I already don't know what to say. It seems that Luo Zheng has nothing left to lose. Using the Basic Swordsmanship should just be a symbolic resistance, right?"
Even Wu Xie, who was watching the fight outside the arena, and Xie Yun, who was sitting upright on the ground to heal his wounds, had strange expressions on their faces at this moment.
Wu Xie licked his lips and said in surprise, "What is this Luo Zheng doing? Is he really going to use the Basic Swordsmanship to fight Mo Yuxin, who has activated the Body of Cyan Phoenix?"
Hua Tianming looked at Luo Zheng's starting stance of the Basic Swordsmanship and frowned slightly. With Hua Tianming's amazing comprehension of swordsmanship and sword essence, he sensed that something was wrong. Luo Zheng was undoubtedly using the Basic Swordsmanship, but from Luo Zheng's movements, there seemed to be a slight difference. This feeling was very strange, but Hua Tianming couldn't put his finger on it. He just intuitively felt that Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was not simple, so he said, "Maybe Luo Zheng's Basic Swordsmanship only looks like the Basic Swordsmanship?"
"Junior apprentice-brother Hua must be joking. The basic sword art is the foundation of sword arts. After countless generations of practice, it has already been simplified to the extreme. It's impossible for it to change at all. Junior apprentice-brother Hua should know this better than me." Wu Xie smiled. Wu Xie was also a sword user, but his Extreme Yang Divine Sword focused on the power of his sword moves. He hadn't comprehended any sword intent.
"I don't know …" Hua Tianming shook his head. "I'm just a little suspicious …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally made his move.
"Sword Slash!"
It was a simple slash, and its speed was very average. There was nothing amazing about it.
However, just as Luo Zheng's sword slashed out, Hua Tianming's expression suddenly changed. "This! This sword slash seems to be … "
Hua Tianming stared blankly at Luo Zheng as if he had seen an inconceivable monster. Someone who could make Hua Tianming reveal such an expression in terms of swordsmanship was probably extinct.
Wu Xie's eyes widened even more. He was stunned for a while before he spat out two words. "Monster …"
Although Luo Zheng's sword slash was a simple sword slash, this sword slash had been simplified countless times in Luo Zheng's mind!
It was easy to turn simplicity into complexity, but it was very difficult to turn complexity into simplicity.
Basic swordsmanship had been simplified for thousands of years. Countless generations of people had worked hard to simplify it to this point. However, Luo Zheng's swordsmanship had been simplified countless times.
The Great Dao was simple, and comprehension was natural!
It could be said that Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship was no longer the original basic swordsmanship. It was a completely new set of swordsmanship that belonged to him!
Mo Yuxin, who was closest to Luo Zheng, also felt an intense threat at this moment.
Although Mo Yuxin could see that Luo Zheng's move was a simple sword slash, the power contained in this "sword slash" was not simple at all. This sword slash seemed to hide many indescribable mysteries.
"It's indeed surprising that you have such a special sword slash. However, you are still not my match with just this sword slash!"
The Blue Luan phantom behind Mo Yuxin suddenly emitted a bright blue light. Subsequently, the True Essence in her hands gradually condensed.
"Blue Luan Divine Claw!"
Her jade-like fingers bent. Streaks of blue light mixed with True Essence formed sharp blue fingernails. Then, she clawed at Luo Zheng.
With this grab, five cyan claw prints were formed out of thin air. Each claw print contained the ferocious power of the Cyan Phoenix.
The Blue Luan was a divine beast. Even if the concentration of the bloodline in Mo Yuxin's body was very thin, it still contained a terrifying power.
When the numerous disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect saw Luo Zheng's extremely extraordinary sword slash, they thought that Luo Zheng might win this fight. However, when they felt the power of the Blue Luan that Mo Yuxin released, they felt that Mo Yuxin's chances were greater!
The reason why the outcome was so difficult to predict was because the strength displayed by the two of them had already surpassed the strength of a fight between disciples in the All-Sect Grand Competition. It was impossible to use past experience to determine victory or defeat. They could only see who would emerge victorious in the end!
"Weng …"
Luo Zheng's sword slash from top to bottom landed precisely on the five blue claw marks.
The moment the Flowing Light Longsword and the blue claw marks intersected, a violent screeching sound suddenly erupted. That sound was the sound of sharp claws constantly rubbing against a smooth surface.
"Ah ah ah … this sound is so uncomfortable!"
"My head is spinning. I'm about to throw up!"
Many disciples with low cultivation levels had a very uncomfortable reaction the moment they heard the sound. Even those disciples in the Xiantian Full Circle stage had a slightly pale complexion. They were slightly uncomfortable, but they could barely hold on.
As for the group of Divine Reflection stage disciples, they were indifferent. They only frowned slightly.
The three feet sword edge, a simple slash, wrapped in a sharp sword intent, constantly melted away this unusually fierce claw print. And that Azure Phoenix claw print was also extremely tough. If one looked carefully, they would discover that there were countless tiny wind blades around the claw print, constantly wearing down the [Flowing Light] sword.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was a fairy weapon, so it was able to withstand the abrasion of those tiny wind blades. If it were a profound weapon, or even a spiritual weapon, it would have been torn in half by this claw marks.
After a breath's time, Luo Zheng's sword slash still gained the upper hand and forcibly cut the claw marks into pieces.
"Broken, broken …"
"Luo Zheng's sword is still stronger!"
"Luo Zheng is relying on the advantage of his weapon! He has a fairy weapon in his hand, while Mo Yuxin is only using her claws! "
"Are you sure Luo Zheng is only relying on the advantage of his weapon? Then Luo Zheng is only in the Xiantian second stage, while Mo Yuxin is in the Divine Reflection stage. Why don't you say this? "
After this disciple's reminder, many disciples sucked in a breath of cold air. In their shock, they had forgotten a huge fact. Just what did Mo Yuxin rely on? Her powerful bloodline power, her blue phoenix body, and she had already entered the Divine Reflection stage, while Luo Zheng was only in the Xiantian second stage.
Xiantian second stage …
Her stage was lower than that of all the disciples in the Peak Competition. Even in the whole Blue Cloud Sect, she belonged to the bottom category.
However, Luo Zheng was standing in the arena of the Peak Competition, carrying out one battle after another that they could not catch up with. This gap could no longer be described as a natural moat. It was really terrifying.
At this time, Luo Zheng naturally did not care about other people's evaluation. After breaking Mo Yuxin's claw print with a "Sword Cut", he continued to move forward and brandished his sword. "Pick the Sword!"
It was still the ordinary basic swordsmanship, which seemed to be easy to break. However, at this moment, it seemed to be tailor-made for Luo Zheng! Even powerhouses like Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu could not find any flaws in Luo Zheng at this moment.
Of course, that did not mean that they would lose to Luo Zheng. The gap between Luo Zheng's strength and theirs was too big. They could easily suppress Luo Zheng with absolute strength.
It was just that they could not win against Luo Zheng in terms of moves.
Ever since Mo Yuxin activated her Azure Phoenix Physique, her expression had always been cold and indifferent. She released an endless amount of pressure as if she was a high and mighty goddess. At this moment, facing Luo Zheng's pursuit, her cold and beautiful face finally changed color!
Mo Yuxin was playful and did not like to cultivate. That was because she had the Cyan Phoenix Body. Her talent was far stronger than ordinary people. Therefore, even if she did not cultivate, she could defeat most of the opponents of the same stage with her Cyan Phoenix Body.
Even if she encountered the powerful Pei Tianyao, Mo Yuxin, who had activated the Cyan Phoenix Body, still had the power to fight.
Originally, after activating the Cyan Phoenix Body, Mo Yuxin thought that she could finish the battle in an instant. However, now that she had used her strongest killing move, the "Cyan Phoenix Claw", it was unexpectedly broken by Luo Zheng's sword. Moreover, Luo Zheng took advantage of the situation to counterattack!
In Mo Yuxin's eyes, Luo Zheng was like a small toy! She had always thought so.
However, Luo Zheng, this toy, was not obedient at all. He did not put her in his eyes. For the proud and surly Mo Yuxin, this was an unacceptable fact. This was also the reason why Mo Yuxin was angry.
Others would find this kind of angry reason inexplicable. Luo Zheng himself also found it inexplicable. However, this was Mo Yuxin's character. She had always been like this. Therefore, Mo Yuxin wanted to teach him a lesson. She wanted to poke a bloody hole in Luo Zheng's body ….
She had indeed succeeded. The moment she activated the Cyan Phoenix Body, she had inserted two Emei Thorns into Luo Zheng's shoulders.
However, after Luo Zheng pulled out his sword, the situation took a turn for the worse. She felt that she was not this guy's opponent?
He was only at Xiantian second stage. Perhaps he was a little special, but how could he be compared with her? She had the Cyan Phoenix Body, a direct disciple, and a proud daughter of heaven!
How could this Luo Zheng! He was just a passerby among the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect! He was just a grain of sand among hundreds of thousands of grains of sand! I don't know where he learned this crappy basic swordsmanship. How could he win against me?
"I will never lose to you!"
Mo Yuxin clenched her teeth. Her eyes were red. She was ready to burn the Cyan Phoenix blood!