Under the refraction of the sunlight, the silver Flowing Light Sword glowed with a gorgeous and colorful light. As the sword moved, the light spots that reflected the sun also flowed around the sword.
When the light spots slowly flowed from the hilt to the tip of the sword, Luo Zheng abruptly pointed his sword at the side of Mo Yuxin's neck. It was only an inch away from Mo Yuxin's white neck.
At this distance, as long as Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword moved slightly, Mo Yuxin's head would fall to the ground!
"I don't know what burning blood essence is. As for your lifespan, it has nothing to do with me. However, after burning blood essence, your strength may greatly increase for a period of time. Naturally, I will not give you this opportunity. If you move again, you will die!" Luo Zheng's face was expressionless, and his tone was very cold, without the slightest bit of tenderness. The Flowing Light Sword in his hand was one centimeter away from Mo Yuxin's neck. Under Luo Zheng's precise control, the tip of the sword had already pierced her tender skin, and a trace of blood flowed out from the wound.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of method Blood Essence was, at the cost of losing one's lifespan, it should be able to greatly increase Mo Yuxin's strength. Since Luo Zheng had the advantage, he naturally wouldn't let Mo Yuxin succeed.
Mo Yuxin could feel the cold sword intent on her neck. At this moment, she was like a wooden puppet, standing motionless on the spot.
In her life, she had never been so close to death.
When Pei Tianyao saw this, he was relieved. Although Luo Zheng's words were ruthless, at least Mo Yuxin was frightened and did not dare to burn her blood essence. As for whether Luo Zheng would kill Mo Yuxin or not, Pei Tianyao was not so worried.
Although Pei Tianyao never practiced swordsmanship, he knew that swordsmanship had high requirements for the character of the cultivator. Although it was not like Pei Tianyao who practiced Buddhism, where he had to follow the Five Precepts and Ten Precepts, the minimum requirement for swordsmanship was integrity.
To be able to practice swordsmanship to this point, it was enough to show that Luo Zheng was not a ruthless person. Most of his words were just to scare Mo Yuxin.
Pei Tianyao was able to think of this because he was old and had read a lot of books. His experience in judging people was much richer than Mo Yuxin!
However, Mo Yuxin was still young and a girl. How could she have thought so much?
Luo Zheng's emotionless words scared Mo Yuxin. "He … really dares to kill me!" Mo Yuxin thought.
Perhaps Mo Yuxin's usual personality was very vicious, but in reality, she was just a talented girl who hadn't fully matured yet. Even when she accepted the Blue Cloud Sect's mission to go on an adventure, she had the protection of a few senior brothers.
But now, he had to face such an abominable fellow. This fellow actually wanted to chop off his head!
Her long eyelashes trembled slightly, and her eyes instantly turned red. Then, soybean-sized teardrops rolled out and smashed onto the ground. Soon, the ground in front of her was wet.
Holding a sword and forcing a girl to cry, Luo Zheng's heart was really uncomfortable. If he had a choice, he really didn't want to fight with Mo Yuxin. She really gave him a headache. However, he knew that he couldn't be soft-hearted at this time. If he was soft-hearted and she really burned her blood essence, then the outcome of the battle was really uncertain!
"Crying is useless. Admitting defeat is your only choice," Luo Zheng coldly said.
Mo Yuxin suddenly turned her head, giving Luo Zheng a fright. He hurriedly pulled back his Flowing Light Sword and heard Mo Yuxin say with a sobbing tone, "I admit defeat!"
The referee, who had been waiting for a long time, nodded and announced, "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, victory! Pro-Disciple Mo Yuxin, defeat! "
After Luo Zheng withdrew his sword, Mo Yuxin lowered her head and quickly walked out of the arena. Pei Tianyao, who was standing outside the arena, rubbed Mo Yuxin's head. His face showed a loving expression, but Mo Yuxin waved her hand like a stubborn child and pushed Pei Tianyao's hand away. She angrily walked to a corner and sat down.
Pei Tianyao had always been like Mo Yuxin's brother. He was very clear about Mo Yuxin's temper. This was also good. Letting her suffer some setbacks would make her mentality better in the future.
The key point was that Luo Zheng's performance in the arena was good. At least, he didn't let Mo Yuxin burn her blood essence and pay the price of reducing her lifespan …
Burning one's blood essence was usually only used when one was in a life and death situation. Because of a battle, one's lifespan would be reduced. Only Mo Yuxin would do such a thing.
So, Pei Tianyao faced the arena and nodded at Luo Zheng, showing a grateful smile.
Luo Zheng also responded with a smile and walked out of the arena.
Both of them knew that there was bound to be a battle between them.
Looking at Luo Zheng who walked out of the arena, Mentor Wen's heart was filled with emotions.
Since he led Xiao Yufeng's disciples to participate in the All-Peak Competition, his biggest dream was to have a disciple from Xiao Yufeng enter the top 100.
However, Zuo Yun's failure made Mentor Wen, as well as the other mentors of Xiao Yufeng, feel down to the bottom of the valley.
The result was unexpected to Mentor Wen. From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng was invincible. He maintained an undefeated momentum all the way to this point.
Other than exclaiming, Mentor Wen really didn't know what to say.
It was a pity that Su Lingyun wasn't here. If Su Lingyun was here and saw that her disciple had such achievements, what kind of expression would she have? Mentor Wen secretly thought in his heart.
Right now, the entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital was spreading the news that Burning Heaven Palace was in chaos. Several princes were busy fighting for power and Su Lingyun was also involved. What a pity …
After all, Mentor Wen and Su Lingyun were mentors from the same peak and were very familiar with each other. So, he also paid attention to the movements in Burning Heaven Palace and collected information about Su Lingyun. However, Mentor Wen's position was too low. He wasn't as well-informed as Zhenren Tianqiong. He didn't know that Su Lingyun was already under house arrest.
However, Su Lingyun's news completely disappeared. Mentor Wen naturally guessed that Su Lingyun's situation wouldn't be good.
Unfortunately, he couldn't help much.
At this moment, Mentor Wen's eyes suddenly lit up!
Luo Zheng!
Maybe Luo Zheng could help Su Lingyun!
Luo Zheng defeated Mo Yuxin. As long as he didn't perform abnormally, entering the top three was already a sure thing! He had the qualifications to walk the Blue Clouds Road!
If he really passed the Blue Clouds Road's test and stepped into the Cloud Hall, he would have the qualifications to help Su Lingyun.
After entering the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's strength might not be able to reach the level of Blue Cloud Sect's Elder Xu or Sect Leader Shi Jingtian in a short period of time. However, his status couldn't be mentioned in the same breath. After all, after entering the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's future was limitless. Even Shi Jingtian had to listen to his words!
Ever since Burning Heaven Palace's Emperor Su Qian disappeared, the only one who could control Burning Heaven Dynasty was Shi Jingtian.
The Blue Cloud Sect played an indispensable role in Burning Heaven Dynasty's history. Some Emperors were even pushed to the throne by the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, in the past, the Blue Cloud Sect was enough to control the entire Burning Heaven Palace.
However, ever since Su Qian stepped into the Cloud Hall with his astonishing talent, his strength was even more valiant than Shi Jingtian's. Therefore, ever since Su Qian ruled Burning Heaven Dynasty, Burning Heaven Dynasty was considered to have broken away from the Blue Cloud Sect's control. After all, Su Qian's status wasn't lower than Shi Jingtian's.
However, Su Qian and Shi Jingtian worked together in the Cloud Hall. Therefore, there wouldn't be any conflicts between Burning Heaven Palace and Blue Cloud Sect.
Now that Emperor Su Qian had disappeared and no one knew if he was dead or alive, it was the best time for Shi Jingtian to regain control of this chaotic situation. Strangely, Shi Jingtian didn't seem to have such plans. Instead, he allowed the princes to fight among themselves in the palace.
With the information that Teacher Wen had obtained, he could only analyze this much. With his status, he wouldn't be able to obtain any more information.
Looking at Luo Zheng, who was sitting cross-legged, Teacher Wen decided to have a good talk with Luo Zheng after this Peak Wide Competition. If Luo Zheng really remembered Su Lingyun's kindness, he wouldn't just sit there and do nothing!
At this point in the Samsara competition, most of the rankings had already been decided. Only the top five positions were still in dispute!
First, there were two dark horses. One was Luo Zheng, and the other was Hua Tianming. Up until now, they hadn't lost a single match. Luo Zheng had even defeated Mo Yuxin. Because he had defeated Mo Yuxin, who had the Blue Phoenix Body, everyone felt that he would definitely be in the top three. As for whether he would be first, second, or third, it was hard to predict.
As for Hua Tianming, he still hadn't drawn his sword. His strength was still unfathomable. However, after entering the Samsara competition, Hua Tianming didn't reveal too much strength, so he won relatively easily. Therefore, everyone felt that Hua Tianming had the qualifications to enter the top five.
Then there were Pei Tianyao and Wang Yun. These two were considered the top among the direct disciples. If there were no accidents, they would be first and second respectively.
As for Mo Yuxin, she seemed to have suffered a huge blow. Her mental state wasn't very good. Everyone still didn't know if she would still fight. If she did, with her strength, she should be in the top five.
However, everyone calculated and calculated. In fact, there was still a key person who affected the Peak Wide Competition's rankings. As long as he participated, all of these people would probably move back by one place.
This person was Li Yifeng.
The number one direct disciple on the Green Cloud Leaderboard. This title wasn't just for show. Li Yifeng's strength was almost universally recognized.
However, Li Yifeng was still in seclusion. No one knew if he would participate at the last moment of the Samsara competition. Therefore, he became an exception and was not considered for the time being.
These people would determine the top ranks of the Green Cloud Leaderboard and determine the Peak Wide Competition's rankings. What everyone cared about the most was the clash between them.
Of course, it wasn't that the peak disciples didn't care about other people's fights. After all, the battles between the top 100 would determine the rankings of the thirty-three peaks. For the peak disciples, it was also very important.
Just as everyone was looking forward to it, the referee finally announced an incomparably important battle. "Direct disciple Wang Yun versus Luo Zheng!"
Previously, when Wang Yun walked onto the stage, he challenged Luo Zheng and said that he would suppress his cultivation from the Divine Realm to the Xiantian Realm. In the end, Luo Zheng was even more arrogant than Wang Yun. He directly responded to Wang Yun's challenge and didn't need Wang Yun to suppress his cultivation. It was a fair duel!
Before the two of them met, there were already sparks flying. Now, the two finally met in the Samsara competition.