Wang Yun was a monstrous genius from the previous competition. He was a direct disciple, and with a cultivation of Xiantian second stage, he managed to break into the top 100, shocking all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Because Wang Yun subverted the common sense of many disciples at that time, he was able to challenge those of a higher realm to the extreme …
Therefore, the miracle created by Wang Yun had always been talked about by many disciples.
If there were no accidents, the miracle created by Wang Yun would not be broken by anyone.
After all, if one wanted to challenge those of a higher realm, the difficulty would be too great!
But no one would have thought that Wang Yun's record would only last for three years. Three years later, a young man named Luo Zheng, with an even fiercer posture and even more terrifying strength, easily surpassed Wang Yun's record!
Both of them were at the Xiantian second stage, and both of them were participating in the All-Peak Grand Competition. Wang Yun had already created a terrifying record by entering the top 100, while Luo Zheng was constantly breaking through, entering the top 100, top 50, top 30, top 10, top 5! His record could only be described as an earth-shattering miracle!
Later generations were destined to only be able to look up to this record, and even years later, some people would doubt this record, because if they didn't see it with their own eyes, they would find it hard to believe that someone could achieve this.
Wang Yun was a very arrogant person. He felt that breaking into the top 100 at Xiantian second stage wasn't a very great thing, and the All-Sect Competition three years ago was only a training for him. Although he didn't care about this record, he was very concerned about Luo Zheng breaking this record.
Because of this, everyone liked to compare the two of them.
Since they were compared, then they would use their own absolute strength to suppress the other. This was also why he chose to fight Luo Zheng as soon as he went on stage. Unfortunately, the two of them didn't draw each other in the Transmigration Competition.
"What will come will come, you can't avoid it!" Standing opposite Luo Zheng, Wang Yun said lightly.
"En? When did I avoid it? "Luo Zheng asked strangely.
Wang Yun laughed, "You may not avoid it, but I'm afraid that you don't want to fight with me in your heart!"
"Afraid?" Luo Zheng felt like he had just heard a joke. He thought for a moment and said, "What's there to be afraid of? Didn't you say you would suppress your strength to the Innate Mystic Realm to fight me? Even if you suppress your cultivation to Xiantian Full Circle, I'm afraid you're still not my match, right? Do you think I'm scared? "
"That's right. I remember that Wang Yun did say something like that. At that time, I thought that Wang Yun's suggestion was pretty good. Looking at it now … I find it a little laughable."
"Indeed, Luo Zheng may be defeated by Wang Yun if he goes all out, but it is impossible for him to lose to Wang Yun who is in the Xiantian realm. Wang Yun's words are a bit exaggerated."
"But didn't Luo Zheng refuse? Why are you bringing up the same topic now? "
Wang Yun naturally said this sentence, but after some observation, Wang Yun finally understood. According to his current strength, there was no problem for him to crush Luo Zheng. However, after suppressing his strength to the Innate Mystic Realm, even if he was in the Xiantian Full Circle realm, he was still far from being Luo Zheng's match.
Luo Zheng had clearly refused. Now, he brought up the same old topic again for only one purpose, and that was to annoy him. Wang Yun certainly wouldn't fall for Luo Zheng's trick. He just said, "Of course, I did propose this, but you refused. It's not that I didn't give you a chance! You just couldn't seize it. "
"Well, of course, I didn't want this chance. I just wanted to tell you that whether you suppress your cultivation or not, I'm not afraid, and I'm not hiding from you. Do you understand now?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Wang Yun's face sank. In terms of bickering, he was indeed no match for Luo Zheng.
In fact, bickering between warriors was often a part of the battle.
Just like when two armies went to war, the generals of both sides would often come out to challenge the other side, and even curse at each other!
This practice was to attack the other side's morale and indirectly weaken the other side's combat strength!
The same was true for warriors. If one side's momentum was weak, the other side's momentum would grow crazily. Some warriors even borrowed the momentum of their rainbow-like momentum to burst out far beyond their usual combat strength!
"Very clever mouth, but it doesn't matter. In the face of absolute strength, Luo Zheng, you only have one mouth left!" After Wang Yun finished speaking, his true essence began to flow out layer by layer, erupting into layers of blood mist. This blood mist eventually turned into a thick layer of battle armor.
This world was conserved. The greater the price one paid, the greater the gain. Wang Yun was cultivating an evil technique, and the price one had to pay for cultivating an evil technique was usually very high. Therefore, many evil techniques were stronger than cultivation techniques of the same level.
Just like this set of "White Bone Spirit Concentration Technique" evil skill. Although it was also a Heaven Rank skill, in fact, its power was far beyond that of an ordinary Heaven Rank skill! Even the top Heaven Rank skill couldn't be compared with the "White Bone Spirit Concentration Technique".
Just like this set of white bone battle armor, its defensive power was so strong that it made one's hair stand on end. Even Luo Zheng's spirit artifact body was somewhat inferior to it.
After Wang Yun summoned the white bone battle armor, Luo Zheng also summoned the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Seeing the six Heavenly Demon Phantom, Wang Yun was a little surprised. "You don't use a sword?"
Luo Zheng's strange yet incomparably powerful basic swordsmanship had left a deep impression on Wang Yun. This was also one of the reasons why he didn't dare to boast about suppressing his cultivation.
Originally, Wang Yun wouldn't have cared about Luo Zheng's thoughts. Even if Luo Zheng didn't need him to suppress his cultivation, he would have taken the initiative to lower his cultivation to fight with Luo Zheng. This was because Wang Yun had always been the one to jump ranks to challenge others. Since when was it someone else's turn to jump ranks to challenge him? This was a fact that the arrogant Wang Yun couldn't accept no matter what.
However, after Luo Zheng used the basic swordsmanship, Wang Yun understood that it was impossible for him to defeat Luo Zheng if he suppressed his cultivation to the Xiantian Secret Realm. Therefore, he gave up on this plan. This was equivalent to Wang Yun admitting that Luo Zheng's talent and potential were stronger than his!
"Not now." After the Heavenly Demon Phantom appeared, it began to fly around Luo Zheng.
"If you don't use it, I'm afraid you won't have the chance to use it!" As soon as Wang Yun's voice fell, he fiercely slammed towards Luo Zheng.
The defensive power of Wang Yun's white bone battle armor was extremely terrifying. In comparison, even those immortal artifact armors were inferior to his white bone battle armor. This was because the white bone battle armor was transformed from Quintessential Essence. It was almost weightless to Wang Yun. Moreover, the battle armor was connected to his mind and was easier to control. It was as if it was an extension of his body.
Wang Yun was coming menacingly, but Luo Zheng didn't panic. With a thought, the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms slammed towards Wang Yun at the same time.
"Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang!"
Wang Yun, who was wrapped in the white bone battle armor, was like a human-shaped war chariot. He collided with the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
Although Wang Yun's white bone battle armor was strong, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms were not weak either. After the first round of collision, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms forcibly intercepted the aggressive Wang Yun.
Wang Yun, who had just caught his breath, suddenly sneered. Then, a few more clouds of blood mist exploded, and the near-perfect White Bone Battle Armor underwent a new transformation. Two horns had appeared on it.
"I didn't expect these things you summoned to be so hard. Let's see how you block them this time!" After speaking, Wang Yun slammed towards Luo Zheng again. Wang Yun indeed had absolute confidence in his strength. He didn't want to use any skills at all. Instead, he directly used the white bone battle armor to crush Luo Zheng.
Facts proved that Wang Yun had the capital to be confident. When the white bone battle armor, which had been strengthened by Wang Yun, collided with the Heavenly Demon Phantoms again, cracks instantly appeared on the Heavenly Demon Phantoms. Then, they were smashed into pieces and turned into Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence.
"Humph! You want to stop me with such petty tricks? Haha … "Wang Yun grinned as he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
However, before he could take two steps, the six shattered Heavenly Demon Phantoms reformed and slammed towards Wang Yun again.
"You probably didn't watch my previous battle seriously, did you?" A smile hung on Luo Zheng's face. "How could my Heavenly Demon Phantom be broken so easily?"
Unlike ordinary cultivation methods, although the Heavenly Demon Phantoms were also formed from Quintessential Essence and could be considered as a good fortune that Luo Zheng borrowed from heaven and earth, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms did not need to return to heaven and earth after being smashed. Instead, they could continue to reform and meet the enemy again.
The Heavenly Demon Phantoms, which were constantly smashed and reformed, created a lot of trouble for Wang Yun at the beginning of the battle.
After a full incense stick's worth of time, Wang Yun was almost exhausted with the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
"Wang Yun's attacking method is too monotonous. He seems to want to rely on pure smashing to defeat Luo Zheng."
"Wang Yun definitely has more tricks up his sleeve. He just likes this kind of simple and crude fighting method. However, Luo Zheng isn't easy to deal with. He's very patient!"
"He's very patient indeed. Wang Yun is risking his life to smash those Heavenly Demon Phantoms. He seems to have nothing to do and even has the time to rest!"
To say that Luo Zheng was resting in the arena was a bit too much. He was only controlling the Heavenly Demon Phantoms to resist Wang Yun. Luo Zheng was indeed quite relaxed …
Since Wang Yun wanted to use his indestructible White Bone Battle Armor to win the battle, then Luo Zheng would waste his time with him. In any case, there was no time limit to the battle in the arena. If this guy had the ability, then he could stay here for a year.
After this boring collision lasted for more than two incense sticks' worth of time, Wang Yun finally realized that his actions were rather foolish. Although he was deeply wrapped in the White Bone Battle Armor, he could still feel the surrounding disciples looking at him as if he was an idiot.
It was indeed meaningless to compete with Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantoms.
After thinking it through, Wang Yun suddenly doubled his speed, bypassed the Heavenly Demon Phantoms, and attacked Luo Zheng fiercely.
"Finally, you're not playing anymore?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly as he watched the approaching Wang Yun. His body suddenly sped up, but he didn't choose to run away. At this moment, he actually chose to smash his shoulder into Wang Yun!
"Well, is there something wrong with my eyes again? Is Luo Zheng planning to fight Wang Yun head-on? "
"Wang Yun is wearing the White Bone Battle Armor, which is tantamount to hiding in a super defensive magic treasure. Unless it's an immortal weapon, there's no way to break his armor. Luo Zheng doesn't want to use his sword. Is he planning to use his body to fight Wang Yun?"
"Are you kidding me? Wang Yun is like a human tank. He can crush his opponent just by relying on the White Bone Battle Armor. It's true that Luo Zheng is born with divine strength, and his body is also very hard, but how can he have the confidence to fight Wang Yun head-on?"
Even Wang Yun himself had a strange expression on his face, and then he showed a happy expression. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would play guerrilla warfare with him. If Luo Zheng quickly dodged and jumped up and down, it would be difficult for him to hit him. But this kid not only didn't run, he actually dared to collide with me? Is his brain fried? Well, I'll cripple you once and for all, so that people won't compare me with you again!
Just as the two were about to collide, all the dragon scales in Luo Zheng's mind lit up in an instant.
＝＝＝＝＝