More than a hundred dragon scales instantly opened, and a torrential power poured into Luo Zheng's body in a tyrannical manner. His shoulders suddenly swelled up, and blue veins bulged out like dragons!
At the moment of impact, Wang Yun roared, "I'll smash you to pieces!"
Luo Zheng avoided the bone armor's ram and directly crashed into Wang Yun's shoulder!
"Bang!"
The two enormous forces converged together and made a dull sound.
Everyone watched as Wang Yun, who was wearing the White Bone Battle Armor, was sent flying from one edge of the arena to the other, before heavily crashing into the light barrier!
In the past, many disciples had been sent flying by a single punch and then slammed into the light curtain barrier during their fights.
Because the light barrier was originally designed to be very soft, it could also play a certain role in protecting the participating disciples.
However, there was a limit to the impact the light barrier could withstand. At the moment of impact with Wang Yun, Luo Zheng poured all the explosive power from the dragon scales into the light barrier.
If Wang Yun, who was wearing the bone armor, was a war chariot, then Luo Zheng was a ferocious beast at that moment!
Such a powerful and pure force poured onto Wang Yun's body and sent him flying. This force exceeded the limit of the light barrier. The light barrier trembled twice, and like a mirror, it suddenly cracked and shattered.
Wang Yun's figure didn't stop at all. He continued to crush everything in his way and crashed into the crowd.
Fortunately, that direction was where Lone Sky Peak was located. Hua Tianming, Wu Xie, and even Xie Yun, who was recuperating, all took action when they saw this scene. Only then were they able to block Wang Yun!
When the disciples from the other peaks saw this scene, their hearts trembled slightly …
This was also because Lone Sky Peak was filled with experts. If Wang Yun crashed into Xiao Yufeng and Vulture Peak, they wouldn't be able to stop him. Instead, a few disciples would have been injured or killed.
Although Luo Zheng displayed his innate divine strength from the beginning, Luo Zheng didn't display all of his strength!
Therefore, at this moment, everyone was unable to wrap their heads around the situation.
Innate Divine Strength referred to the fact that some people were born with great physical strength. For martial artists, innate divine strength might be an advantage, but it was not valued too much.
Strength was undoubtedly the fundamental factor in a martial artist's battle. Having innate divine strength was indeed an advantage, but the strength brought about by one's mortal body was limited. As one's true essence grew, the strength that a human could obtain through their true essence was often dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of times greater than the strength of their mortal body!
It was just like how no matter how strong one's innate strength was, it was impossible to punch Zhenren Tianqiong from afar like Shi Jingtian did!
Therefore, the martial artists of the Eastern Domain all attached great importance to cultivating the True Essence system, and were not optimistic about purely body-refining.
After all, the growth rate of body refinement was too low.
But how did Luo Zheng do it?
With his own physical body, he managed to send Wang Yun, who was wearing the White Bone Armor, flying? Or was everyone's brain short-circuited and what they saw was an illusion?
What one person saw might be an illusion, but what so many people saw naturally couldn't be an illusion.
But thinking about the terrifying strength that Luo Zheng had erupted with, everyone couldn't help but be shocked … Luo Zheng had already brought too much shock to the Blue Cloud Sect in this All-Peak Tournament.
Wang Yun, who had stopped outside the arena, had a very rich expression on his face. From the moment he collided with Luo Zheng, his expression was one of excitement. He wanted to open his eyes wide and watch this guy who overestimated himself get smashed into pieces. But at the moment of impact, his excited expression gradually turned into doubt. After he was sent flying, his expression turned into shock, and finally, a helpless expression on his face …
This Luo Zheng was really a ruthless person. Wang Yun had always thought that he was a ruthless person, but he didn't expect Luo Zheng to be even more ruthless than him. He had threatened to smash Luo Zheng into pieces with his fierce White Bone Armor, but Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he took his collision head-on and used absolute strength to crush him!
Wang Yun wasn't defeated. The rules of the arena were to admit defeat or be unable to continue fighting. Being knocked out of the arena by Luo Zheng was purely an accident that happened when the light curtain barrier couldn't withstand the impact.
But the feeling in Wang Yun's heart was really indescribable. It was like a player who was good at Go playing against a player who was good at Chinese Chess, but that player used Go to defeat him!
Being defeated in a field that he was good at gave him a very strong sense of frustration!
Getting up and walking to the arena, Wang Yun stared at Luo Zheng. Finally, a serious look appeared in his eyes. He knew that he had to go all out to deal with this battle.
At this time, Wang Yun still had some doubts in his heart. His White Bone Armor was astonishingly hard. If Luo Zheng didn't have a strong physical body, his bones would have been shattered. Even if his physical body was incomparably strong, wouldn't he have been seriously injured?
But Luo Zheng, who was standing in the arena, didn't seem to be injured at all. Luo Zheng just waved his arms and rubbed them with his hands. He grinned at Wang Yun and said, "Do you want to hit me again? I can keep you company! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Wang Yun felt like vomiting blood. At the same time, a deep sense of disbelief rose in his heart.
His White Bone Armor could easily withstand the attack of a high-grade spirit weapon. Unless it was an immortal weapon, it would be impossible to penetrate this armor. Luo Zheng collided with his White Bone Armor, but he was completely fine. What did this mean?
It meant that Luo Zheng's physical body was so strong that it could withstand a high-grade spirit weapon! Then, was he still human?
Wang Yun, who had always flaunted himself as a genius and always liked to fight above his level, was in disarray at this time …
In fact, Wang Yun was the first person to test the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body. Before this, no one had tested the limit of Luo Zheng's physical body. And the only time he was injured was when Mo Yuxin used the Emei Piercer after activating the power of the Blue Luan. Therefore, it was impossible to determine the limit.
However, Wang Yun also overestimated Luo Zheng's physical body.
Now, Luo Zheng's physical body was actually only equivalent to a middle-grade spirit weapon. His body had already stepped into the middle-grade spirit weapon stage for some time. After this period of cultivation, at most, it had reached the peak of middle-grade spirit weapon. There was still a significant gap between it and a high-grade spirit weapon.
Luo Zheng used his shoulder to collide with Wang Yun's White Bone Armor. During the collision, Luo Zheng's shoulder muscles also had a certain vibration slowing effect. As for the force of Wang Yun's collision, it entered Luo Zheng's body and was automatically converted into a warm current by his wonderful body.
Even if it was a middle-grade spirit weapon, it had already reached an incomprehensible level.
Everyone was used to seeing Wang Yun use the White Bone Armor to crush everyone in the battle. At this moment, however, there was a dramatic reversal. Everyone understood that Wang Yun should be serious.
"You're really interesting. It seems that I underestimated you before. It's a bit unrealistic to want to crush you with pure strength," Wang Yun said coldly.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, "You can also say that it's very childish."
"I admit that it's childish," Wang Yun did not care about Luo Zheng's sarcasm. Instead, he sneered faintly, "You are indeed qualified to see my true strength. Let me remind you, you will definitely regret it! Extremely regret! "
After saying that, clouds of blood mist began to spread from Wang Yun's hand. The blood mist was obviously a little different. It was thicker than the previous blood mist, and the aura contained in it was more powerful. It seemed to be the blood left behind by some wild ancient beast with a special bloodline!
After the blood mist gradually dissipated, a bone spear appeared in Wang Yun's hand. The bone spear was suffused with a bluish-white light, and there were layers of complicated inscriptions on the bone.
After Wang Yun raised the bone spear, he casually stabbed it into the void. A dragon's roar actually came from the bone spear!
"This is a bone spear made from a section of the spine of a flood dragon. You should be honored to be the first person to try its power in the All-Peak Competition!" Wang Yun said slowly.
Flood dragon …
Although it was also a type of dragon, it was worlds apart from a real dragon. A flood dragon was not a super mythological beast, not even a mythological beast. It was definitely not comparable to Mo Yuxin's Qing Luan!
However, Mo Yuxin only had the bloodline of Qing Luan. With her current strength, she could not completely control the power of Qing Luan.
However, Wang Yun was actually holding a section of the spine of a flood dragon. How powerful would a bone spear made from this section of spine be?
However, after Luo Zheng heard the dragon's roar from the bone spear, Luo Zheng felt some changes in his mind. He felt that the sculpture of Qing Long on the giant furnace shook slightly, and then a faint dragon's roar came from it.
Luo Zheng did not understand the obscure and complicated dragon language. In fact, with human ears, many syllables in dragon language could not be heard clearly, or simply could not be heard.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng could understand the meaning of that dragon's roar.