Above the mysterious furnace in Luo Zheng's mind, there were nine huge dragons, each of them lifelike.
These nine dragons looked like sculptures on the furnace, but Luo Zheng suspected that they were not sculptures at all, but real dragons with their own consciousness.
However, only Qinglong had awakened so far. Luo Zheng had used the Sky Derivation Essence to nourish this Qinglong, which seemed to be gradually regaining its consciousness. However, this Qinglong had not communicated with him at all.
At most, when Luo Zheng was in danger, it had used its dragon roar to help Luo Zheng ward off danger twice. Once was when he was choosing a cultivation technique in the Heavenly Book Pavilion to deal with the pressure of the Xingtian Beast. The other time was when he was fighting off those resentful spirits in the Immortal Abode.
Other than that, the nine dragons were like sculptures, without any signs of life.
But today, that Qinglong had actually taken the initiative to communicate with Luo Zheng? It actually wanted to eat that bone spear …
There was no doubt that Luo Zheng had been able to reach where he was today because of this mysterious furnace. If it had not forged his body and soul, it would have been very difficult for him to leave the Luo family. Although Luo Zheng did not know the origins of this furnace, he knew that this mysterious furnace, the nine true dragons on it, and the black flames it contained, were far from something he could imagine. It was absolutely impossible for him to show it to others.
Even after using the black flames in the furnace to smelt weapons and obtain the Sky Derivation Essence, Luo Zheng had cautiously entrusted Zhang Wuxian to auction it off, for fear that something would go wrong in the middle of the process and attract the attention of others.
As the saying goes, an ordinary man is innocent, but treasuring a jade ring will arouse the envy of others. Given Luo Zheng's current strength, if this secret was leaked, it would bring him nothing but disaster.
But now that Qinglong had sent him a message, asking him to help devour that bone spear?
The Jiao Dragon was a very low-level dragon. It could be considered a subspecies of the dragon. Although it was low-level, it still belonged to the dragon race.
Presumably, the dragon aura contained in the spine of this flood dragon had attracted the attention of Qinglong. It couldn't wait to devour this bone spear, so it communicated with Luo Zheng.
However, Qinglong had undoubtedly given Luo Zheng a difficult problem.
Wang Yun's strength was very strong. Although Luo Zheng had just used the power of the dragon scale to directly knock Wang Yun out of the arena, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng had the upper hand. Wang Yun just underestimated Luo Zheng's strength. He wanted to use a violent method to crush Luo Zheng, but he was crushed by Luo Zheng instead.
In other words, Wang Yun had yet to display his true strength.
At this moment, Wang Yun, who was holding the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear, was using his true fighting style. Just by holding the bone spear in his hand, a majestic aura was emitted. This aura came from the bloodline, the deterrent power of the inheritance!
Wang Yun did have the qualifications to be arrogant. Luo Zheng didn't have the confidence to defeat him.
In this case, it would be difficult to snatch his bone spear and devour it.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about what to do, Wang Yun had already taken the lead. He sneered and gently tapped the bone spear on the arena. Wang Yun's Zhen Yuan was constantly pouring into the bone spear.
"Supreme Dragon Might!"
This bone spear was an inanimate object, but after all, it was a section of the Jiao Dragon's spine. After Wang Yun's Zhen Yuan stimulated the bloodline in it, the pressure of the dragon bloodline suddenly increased by a hundred times!
"Dragons are born powerful! Thousands of creatures can only crawl at their feet. Under this Dragon Might, Luo Zheng, kneel for me! " Wang Yun smiled faintly. Just now, Luo Zheng had embarrassed him in the battle by using a more powerful force to suppress him. For Wang Yun, this was a great humiliation. Not only did he want to win this battle, but he also wanted to humiliate Luo Zheng and make him suffer a crushing defeat!
After being stimulated by Zhen Yuan, the pressure of the dragon bloodline suddenly spread out. Like a tsunami, it poured down on Luo Zheng with an earth-shattering force!
In fact, the pressure of the dragon race was very similar to the imposing manner of human beings. The real powerhouses among human beings, such as Shi Jingtian, could indeed suppress people to the point that they were powerless and even forced to kneel.
But the pressure of the dragon race was even more terrifying and fierce!
Ninety percent of this pressure surged toward Luo Zheng, and only ten percent dissipated into the surroundings of the arena.
When the disciples on the various peaks came into contact with this terrifying pressure, their faces turned pale. The disciples with lower cultivations felt as if they were in a world of ice and snow, and their teeth couldn't help but chatter.
"Plop!"
Without any warning, a disciple fainted and fell to the ground.
Shi Jingtian glanced at Elder Xu, "In this Peak Wide Competition, I seem to have said 'I didn't expect' too many times. I didn't expect Wang Yun to be able to obtain a Flood Dragon's spine."
The Flood Dragon's spine could be used to forge weapons, and it could also be used to refine elixirs. After swallowing it, a trace of the Flood Dragon's bloodline would be born in one's body! In the face of such a treasure, even Shi Jingtian would be moved!
Of course, with Shi Jingtian's status, it was naturally impossible for him to snatch Wang Yun's Bone Spear.
"Three years ago, I said that Wang Yun is a person with great luck. As he grows, he may be able to obtain more opportunities. I'm afraid Luo Zheng is in danger," Elder Xu commented.
Shi Jingtian smiled and said, "Wang Yun has great luck and can obtain opportunities. Is Luo Zheng's luck not good? Look at the flying dagger in Luo Zheng's hand, the 'Heavenly Demon God Fist' that he cultivated, and the 'Basic Swordsmanship' that he comprehended himself. Which one of them is ordinary? "
"Sect Leader is right. I think Luo Zheng's cultivation is too low, so I'm still a little biased. The Flood Dragon's pressure has caused many disciples to have adverse reactions. I'll go down and help!" After Elder Xu finished speaking, he jumped down from the high platform. When he was in the air, he gently waved his old hand, and an emerald green True Essence turned into a light curtain, which shrouded the surroundings of the battle arena.
Because of the Flood Dragon's pressure, many disciples were originally naked in the world of ice and snow. They were unable to resist it at all. If it continued for a long time, this pressure would even cause damage to their souls.
However, when the light curtain in Elder Xu's hand swept gently, everyone suddenly felt as if they were wearing a thick cotton-padded coat. They suddenly felt warm enough to resist the pressure.
Just 10% of the Flood Dragon's pressure could cause so many disciples to feel so uncomfortable. How would Luo Zheng deal with 90% of the Flood Dragon's pressure alone?
With the help of Elder Xu, everyone resisted the Flood Dragon's pressure. Then, they paid attention to the fighting arena. They wanted to see how Luo Zheng was doing.
Luo Zheng's soul strength was far stronger than that of ordinary people. When Luo Zheng entered the Heaven Level Cultivation Method Hall in the Heavenly Book Pavilion, he did not rely on Qinglong's help. Instead, he relied on his own soul to resist the pressure of the Xingtian Will. However, when he entered the hidden room behind the Heaven Level Cultivation Method Hall, he was directly attacked by the Xingtian Beast's soul. Only then did Qinglong in his mind resist it.
Furthermore, the Flood Dragon Bone Spear had been strengthened by a secret technique, and the might it released was even more powerful than the Heaven Punishing Beast's!
Under this level of pressure, one could imagine Luo Zheng's current state!
However, Luo Zheng still clenched his teeth and chose to resist it.
After Luo Zheng chose the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》 cultivation method, he used the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》 to temper his soul and enter a state of selflessness. This caused the strength of his soul to deepen step by step.
Therefore, although the Flood Dragon Bone Spear's pressure was powerful, it could not do anything to Luo Zheng for a while!
However, Luo Zheng's complexion was not very good. His originally rosy face was now as pale as a sheet of white paper.
"I'm really surprised that you can still hold on. Let's see how long you can hold on!"
After speaking, Wang Yun slammed the bone spear into the ground, and a Flood Dragon's roar was heard.
"Roar —"
"Kneel for me!"
"Roar!"
"Kneel!"
"Roar!"
"Kneel!"
Wang Yun slammed the bone spear into the ground three times in a row! The wave-like pressure surged over three times, and each wave was stronger than the previous one! Wang Yun's "kneel" contained a trace of unquestionable majesty, as if it was an order from the king of heaven and earth!
"How can I resist this … If it were me, I'm afraid my soul would have been annihilated at this moment!"
"Oh my god, this Wang Yun is too abnormal. Even if Elder Xu helped me block the pressure, my knees are a little weak and I want to kneel …"
"Sigh, this Wang Yun's previous attack with the White Bone Armor was crude and simple. I didn't expect his soul attack to be so crude and tyrannical. This crude attack method is so powerful that it makes people unable to resist!"
Even with Elder Xu's help to block the pressure, everyone was still frightened when they saw the situation in the arena.
Pei Tianyao, who was sitting on the ground, opened his eyes slightly when he heard the dragon's roar. There was a trace of solemnity on his face, but after a while, he calmly closed his eyes again. Buddhist cultivation techniques were extensive and profound. Perhaps he already had a way to deal with it.
Hua Tianming, who was carrying a long sword on his back, trembled slightly under the three dragon's roar. He couldn't help but put his hand on the hilt of his sword. When he touched the sword on his back gently, he let out a sigh of relief. His eyes were shining brightly as he watched the battle in the arena.
In the arena, Luo Zheng's soul was swaying in the wind and rain. It was like a leaf hanging on a tree branch, and it could be swept away by the wind at any time.
However, the strange thing was that he was still tenaciously holding on. It was just that his situation wasn't very good.
This battle was Luo Zheng's most dangerous battle. Throughout his winning streak, Luo Zheng had never been so close to defeat!
In fact, the gap between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun wasn't that big. This was because Wang Yun didn't rely on his own strength, but the power of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear in his hand. However, Luo Zheng relied on his soul to forcibly resist.
He wanted to see to what extent he could resist!
A wisp of blood slowly escaped from the corner of Luo Zheng's mouth. Soul attacks could turn people into idiots and crush people's brains, but they wouldn't be injured.
Luo Zheng bit the tip of his tongue to keep himself awake.