Seeing that Luo Zheng was still standing on the spot and still had the energy to speak, Wang Yun's pupils constricted slightly.
Although Wang Yun still had stronger moves that he could use, he never expected that Luo Zheng would be able to withstand it with his soul alone!
This was the pressure of a flood dragon!
The flood dragon bone spear in his hand was taken from the third segment of the flood dragon's spine, which was also the segment with the densest blood energy of the flood dragon.
Moreover, in order to forge this flood dragon bone spear, he even asked Wang Dai, one of the three Weapon Refining Grandmasters, to draw thirteen large and small runes on the surface of the bone spear. Six of the runes were to stimulate the bloodline pressure within the spear! The other seven runes were to amplify the power of the pressure within the spear!
Just the materials used for each rune alone amounted to 100,000 square crystals! Thirteen runes cost him one million and three hundred thousand square crystals!
How could this kid withstand such a powerful flood dragon's pressure?
At this moment, the shock in Wang Yun's heart far exceeded that of the onlooking disciples, because only he knew how terrifying this bone spear was.
"You've really surprised me," Wang Yun said with a hint of melancholy. After all, he had carefully prepared his attack and thought that he would be able to succeed easily. However, his opponent had still managed to block it. Under such circumstances, no one would be in a good mood. "However, there's a price for surprising me. Your soul has been severely injured. You should be proud that you were able to block three of my dragon roars. If I were to use a stronger attack, you would die or even turn into an idiot. I'll give you a chance to admit defeat!"
With Wang Yun's character, he would definitely not let Luo Zheng go so easily. Perhaps it was because Luo Zheng had withstood three of his dragon roars that Wang Yun's state of mind had changed a little. He actually gave Luo Zheng a chance to admit defeat.
"From what you're saying, you want me to admit defeat? Do I need to thank you?" Luo Zheng said after wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth.
"Yes, you're already an arrow at the end of its flight. You don't have the strength to fight me." Wang Yun shook his head.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Wang Yun, I admit that you do have the capital to be arrogant. Your capital is enough to make most of the disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect look up to you, and it's impossible for them to surpass you in this lifetime. However … there's always someone better. Perhaps the capital you rely on is not good enough in my opinion!"
Wang Yun raised his eyebrows slightly. Luo Zheng could still say such words under such circumstances. If he was not an idiot, then he really had something to rely on. Obviously, Luo Zheng could not be an idiot. Could it be that he really had a way to break my dragon's pressure?
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, six wisps of Heavenly Devil's vital essence Qi slowly condensed into six Heavenly devil phantoms.
In this battle, it was impossible for him to admit defeat. In order to set foot on the peak of the All-Peak Grand Competition, in order to go to the Blue Cloud Sect, he could not retreat because of this setback. Even if he now maintained a winning streak, it would not be a big deal if he lost a round in the Transmigration Competition. However, his martial arts were like this. He would never admit defeat!
Moreover, he had agreed to the request of Qinglong in his mind. He wanted to help that Qinglong swallow the bone spear.
Combining these two points, he absolutely had no reason to admit defeat.
"In that case, you can't blame me." The arrogance in Wang Yun's eyes gradually disappeared and was replaced by incomparable seriousness.
To be able to cultivate to this point and achieve such achievements, Wang Yun was also a top genius. He was arrogant because he relied on too much. However, Luo Zheng in front of him gave Wang Yun a feeling that he could not see through him. If Wang Yun was still so arrogant at this time, then Wang Yun would not be a genius, but a fool.
Luo Zheng was worthy of his attention, and an opponent that he would even go all out against!
The two top geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect began to move at the same time.
"Heavenly Demon Phantom, go!"
Under Luo Zheng's control, the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms suddenly spread out and surrounded Wang Yun from six different directions. In the blink of an eye, they arrived in front of Wang Yun.
Wang Yun glanced at the Heavenly Demon Phantoms indifferently. The bone spear in his hand spun for a while, and then he stabbed continuously.
"Puff puff puff puff puff!"
The bone spear stabbed six times, and each stab hit the center of the Heavenly Demon Phantom. Then, the Heavenly Demon Phantom was hit by the bone spear and exploded, turning into wisps of Heavenly Demon Vital Energy.
With the Heavenly Demon Phantom's strange ability, even after turning into Heavenly Demon Vital Energy, it could condense again. However, this time, it did not condense again. At the same time, the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy did not disappear, but continued to spread.
This was not because of Wang Yun, but because of Luo Zheng's intention.
The color of the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy was purple-black, and it had a strong ability to block light and vision. As the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy continued to spread, it quickly enveloped the center of the arena.
Their line of sight was blocked, and the surrounding Blue Cloud Sect disciples were also full of doubts.
"What the hell is Luo Zheng doing? How can we watch the fight if he spreads his Vital Energy? "
"What you said is interesting. A fight is a fight, not a performance. He is fighting with his life on the line, not a performance for you to see. You want to see a performance? There are so many actors in the Imperial Capital. You can find any famous actor and watch it all at once! "
"Luo Zheng doesn't admit defeat in this situation. He should still have a trump card. Who knows how many trump cards he has!"
Using the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy to block the surrounding vision was completely Luo Zheng's last resort.
Who told him to promise the Qinglong in his mind to swallow Wang Yun's bone spear?
No matter how he swallowed the bone spear, the process of swallowing it could not be exposed to the eyes of the audience.
The key point was that Luo Zheng had blocked the arena. He did not have the confidence to win against Wang Yun, so he could only use his full strength to fight!
Wang Yun looked at the rich Heavenly Demon Vital Energy around him, and then poured a trace of his Vital Energy into it.
In the blink of an eye, Wang Yun's Vital Energy was swallowed by the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy and then transformed into Heavenly Demon Vital Energy.
Wang Yun smiled faintly and said, "I've long heard that your Heavenly Demon Vital Energy can swallow other people's Vital Energy. It's really strange. It's comparable to my White Bone Spirit Concentration Technique. Although I don't know what you want to do by spreading the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy, let me remind you that it's all in vain. Next, I will only use one attack, and it will be my strongest attack to end this fight!"
Luo Zheng's figure was deeply immersed in the Heavenly Demon Vital Energy. His face and expression could not be seen clearly. At this moment, he silently took out the Flowing Light Sword.
From their point of view, this battle had already come to an end.
Wang Yun was the first to move. He gripped the Flood Dragon Bone Spear in his hand, and the runes engraved on the bone spear suddenly emitted a dazzling golden light. The True Essence in his body was pushed to the extreme. This was his strongest attack!
"Dragon Bone Chaotic Ghost Stab!"
The power was originally invisible, but that was only relative to ordinary people.
At this moment, Wang Yun extracted all of the dragon's might from the Flood Dragon Bone Spear and concentrated it on the tip of his bone spear. Under the illumination of the golden runes, the pressure that was condensed to the point of substance was plated with a layer of faint golden light that slowly lingered on the tip of the spear!
As Wang Yun thrust out the bone spear, a violent dragon roar sounded again. This dragon roar was twice as loud as the previous ones!
"Roar!"
Everyone heard the terrifying dragon roar coming from the center of the arena. However, Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Vital Energy blocked the view, so no one could see the situation clearly.
"Luo Zheng couldn't withstand it before. This time, Luo Zheng is probably finished."
"Well, it's no longer a matter of victory or defeat. Luo Zheng might become an idiot."
"It wasn't easy for a super genius to appear in Xiao Yufeng, but in the end, he became an idiot in the All-Peak Competition. What a pity."
Hearing everyone's discussion, Mentor Wen's face turned a little pale. He was indeed worried about Luo Zheng's safety.
At this time, Zuo Yun had finished healing. He stood next to Mentor Wen and said, "Mentor Wen, don't listen to them. When did Luo Zheng not rely on his own strength to turn danger into safety?"
"That makes sense, but you also saw that Luo Zheng was injured by the three dragon roars. Now, this dragon roar may be accompanied by Wang Yun's attack. Can Luo Zheng dodge it?" Mentor Wen said with a gloomy expression. Luo Zheng was all his hope.
Zuo Yun could only let out a long sigh. In fact, he didn't have much confidence in himself. After all, Wang Yun's strength was incomparably strong, and the bone spear in his hand was beyond everyone's imagination. He could only say blankly, "Maybe … Luo Zheng has a way to turn danger into safety."
Zuo Yun himself didn't believe what he said …
However, just as Zuo Yun's voice fell, another dragon roar suddenly came from the fog formed by the purple-black Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence!
"Roar —"
This dragon's roar surpassed any of the previous dragon's roars!
It could even be said that this dragon's roar was completely different from the previous dragon's roar. If the previous dragon's roar was the roar of a child, then this dragon's roar was the roar of an adult full of energy!
The difference between them couldn't be described with words at all!
That roar contained an indescribable and unimaginable power. It was desolate, ancient, and noble …
Even if you exhausted all the human words, you wouldn't be able to describe one ten-thousandth of this dragon roar!
Elder Xu, who was using his Quintessential Essence to shield the dragon's power in the arena, suddenly changed his expression. At this moment, even he felt a strong threat!
＝＝＝＝＝