The word 'might' could be separated into power and aura. It could be said that it was an aura that contained power. A powerhouse could exert this kind of might to the extreme and use it to suppress or even attack an opponent.
However, strength and weakness were relative. Although the dragon's aura was powerful, it could never make a powerhouse like Elder Xu feel this way when it was activated by Wang Yun!
At this moment, Elder Xu was obviously not the only one who felt threatened. Elder Xu's strength was ranked first among the Blue Cloud Sect's elders, second only to the sect master and vice sect master.
If Elder Xu felt threatened, the others' situation would only be more exaggerated.
The referee presiding over the battle had already run far away from the battle arena before Wang Yun took out the bone spear.
Although the referee's strength was not weak, the battle between the two disciples could not be judged by common sense. He was not a fool. If he got involved in the aftermath of their battle, he would be the one who would suffer losses.
The problem was that even if the referee had the foresight to leave the battle arena, he was not spared.
In the dragon's roar, he felt someone hit his head with a sledgehammer. With a muffled groan, he lost consciousness and fell heavily to the ground.
The referee was the closest to the battle arena, so he was the most affected by the pressure emitted by the dragon's roar.
However, his situation was not much better than the disciples around the battle arena!
After all, the referee's strength had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, and there were many Xiantian Full Circle disciples who were watching the Sect Wide Competition.
Fortunately, Elder Xu's reaction was extremely fast. After feeling the unimaginable pressure contained in the dragon's roar, Elder Xu felt as if he was facing a great enemy. The vital essence in his body surged out like a waterfall!
The green vital essence was very strange. The moment the vital essence seeped into his arms, the wrinkles on his bark-like hands disappeared and were replaced by a pair of white and tender hands!
Elder Xu's cultivation method was biased towards the understanding of life force, which was why there was such a strange phenomenon of rejuvenation and a withered tree coming back to life.
In fact, even Elder Xu was a little depressed in his heart. He even found it a little funny. Two juniors fighting in the arena actually made him feel like he was facing a formidable enemy.
However, even though it was funny, he had no choice but to be serious at this moment. The might of the dragon's roar had spread out, and if they were not careful in dealing with it, a large number of the mountain's disciples would be seriously injured!
"Rise!" Elder Xu gave a light shout, and a green curtain of light instantly enveloped the periphery of the battle arena!
However, the power contained in this dragon's roar was not a direct attack, but a pressure contained in the soul. Elder Xu's green light curtain could not directly block it, and could only greatly reduce the power contained in the roar.
Even with Elder Xu's help, which greatly reduced the power of the dragon's roar, many disciples still felt dizzy. Those who were slightly weaker instantly fainted.
This time, even the direct disciples, including Xie Yun, Wu Xie, and Zhou Dan, who were all in the Divine Reflection Realm, turned pale. They had no choice but to circulate their cultivation methods to resist the pressure!
Pei Tianyao, who was still sitting in the same spot, had his eyes become empty. He clasped his hands together and finally muttered a chant. Six small golden balls appeared around his body, spinning continuously. He was determined to completely confine the power of the dragon's roar outside his body. Buddhist cultivation methods were broad and profound. Pei Tianyao naturally had his own unique points. Compared to Xie Yun and the others, his situation was naturally much better, but it could not be said to be easy …
As for Hua Tianming, at this moment, his eyes had turned fiery red. His right hand was tightly gripping the sword on his back. The sword that he had not pulled out from the beginning was his greatest reliance. At this moment, he was not standing in the arena, but there was a strong urge to pull out the sword in his heart. In the end, he resisted the urge. The strength of the sword was enough for him to deal with the dragon's roar.
Shi Jingtian once again walked down from the high platform.
His burly body walked over step by step, stepping on the air. He was like a general possessed by a god. At this moment, his face was unprecedentedly serious.
"What is going on? How can the dragon's roar have such an effect?" Shi Jingtian, who was always calm, finally revealed a puzzled expression.
Elder Xu shook his head, "This Wang Yun is really too powerful. He can actually activate the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear to such an extent. I'm afraid that Luo Zheng …"
"That's not right," Shi Jingtian shook his head. He had thought of many things, so he was more puzzled than Elder Xu, "This cannot be the dragon's roar."
Elder Xu thought too simply of this matter. He simply thought that the dragon's roar was the dragon's roar that erupted from the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear. However, Shi Jingtian did not think so.
It was not that the Jiao Dragon was unable to erupt such a dragon's roar. Although the dragon's roar was much stronger than the one that erupted in the arena, it was still extremely terrifying in the eyes of the younger generation, especially the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, in the eyes of Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu, it was not worth mentioning.
If a real Jiao Dragon roared, it would be enough to turn a small mountain into powder.
The power was not the key, but the concept that was released from the dragon's roar!
The aura that was contained in the dragon's roar gave people a soul-stirring feeling. It was as if it had transcended all life and stood at the highest level to look down on all living beings. This concept was not something a Jiao Dragon could achieve.
This was because the Jiao Dragon was not a Mythical Beast. It only possessed the bloodline of the Dragon Clan, which made the Jiao Dragon race close to being a Mythical Beast.
Shi Jingtian guessed that the dragon's roar came from a real Jiao Dragon! A real Jiao Dragon! A Mythical Beast that was close to being a God!
"It's not a Jiao Dragon?" Elder Xu was stunned. His eyes were filled with disbelief, "Could it be a real Jiao Dragon?"
Shi Jingtian nodded silently, "Yes, that's what I suspect."
"Impossible …" Elder Xu almost reflexively denied it. He had completely forgotten that he was talking to the Sect Leader, "A real Jiao Dragon is a product of legends. It is an illusory existence!"
The world was so big that there were all kinds of strange things. In this world, there were people who wanted to reach the peak of martial arts, and there were also people who liked to make up all kinds of legends.
Many years ago, there was a book called "The Complete Understanding of Divine Beasts" that was widely circulated in the market. This book was widely circulated, from the Central Region to the Eastern Region. Including the various pirated copies of the book, who knew how many copies had been sold.
And everyone's knowledge about the classification of Mythological Beasts and Super Mythological Beasts was basically obtained from this 《Mythological Beast Comprehension》.
According to the annotations in the book, the Jiao Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the White Tiger were the four Mythical Beasts. Other than these four Mythical Beasts, there were some unique and powerful races that could not form groups. For example, the Heaven-Swallowing Beast, the Nine-Coloured Phoenix, and so on could also be considered as Mythical Beasts.
As for the Mythical Beasts, there were the Kun Peng, the Blue Luan, the Nine-Coloured Deer, the Heavenly Rat …
This book was very magical. It even described a great battle between the Jiao Dragon and the Vermillion Bird. That battle caused the mountains and rivers to change, caused the stars to fall, and caused the heaven and earth to be turned upside down.
The content of the book was good, but many experts snorted at it. This was because the authenticity of the book could not be verified.
This kind of thing could only be considered as a biography and a novel. It could not be taken seriously. If you said that the Jiao Dragon was a Mythical Beast and that it existed, how could you prove it? What four Mythical Beasts? How could people believe in this kind of ranking?
However, the Jiao Dragon could prove it. This was because they did exist in the East, West, South, South, and Central Domains.
After being denied by Elder Xu, Shi Jingtian let out a long breath and said, "Ten years ago, I fought for the Cloud Hall. During a mission, I saw a Jiao Dragon. Although it was just a glimpse, the power that the Jiao Dragon emitted was enough to make me remember it for the rest of my life!"
"Sect Leader has seen a Jiao Dragon before?" Elder Xu was shocked. Although the Jiao Dragon was not a Mythical Beast, it possessed the bloodline of the Dragon Clan. It was an existence comparable to a Mythical Beast!
Shi Jingtian nodded and said, "Therefore, I remember that the aura that the Jiao Dragon emitted was the same as the Jiao Dragon Bone Spear of Wang Yun. At the very least, it was similar. That was the one that left a deep impression on me. I will not remember it wrongly."
Shi Jingtian paused for a moment before continuing, "However, the dragon's roar just now was completely different from the Jiao Dragon's roar. The concept was more profound by more than one level. It was a roar that was emitted by two completely different things."
Following Shi Jingtian's logic, Elder Xu was also immersed in the same doubts as Shi Jingtian. If that was the case, how did Wang Yun do it? How did he activate the Jiao Dragon's aura? Did he use the bone spear made from the Jiao Dragon's spine? That was impossible.
It was a pity that the Heavenly Demon's True Origin in the arena had completely covered the inside story!
The Heavenly Demon's True Origin was very special. It was impossible to see through it with one's eyes.
Therefore, at this time, Shi Jingtian could only wait for the Heavenly Demon's True Origin to dissipate.
In contrast, the other deacons were busy at this moment. They held a small bottle in their hands. Inside the bottle were elixirs that could nourish the soul. They would distribute an elixir to any disciple who felt uncomfortable under the Jiao Dragon's aura. As for those disciples who had fainted, they would be treated on the spot. The scene of the All-Peak Tournament was really busy.
Mentor Wen's situation was not much better under the Jiao Dragon's aura. His head was still buzzing.
However, at this moment, he was not worried about his soul being damaged. He was worried about Luo Zheng in the arena!
Just a trace of the Jiao Dragon's aura that was emitted from the arena had been filtered by Elder Xu's green light curtain. However, it was still able to injure Mentor Wen's soul …
Then, what would happen to Luo Zheng who was standing in the arena?