Obviously, Teacher Wen was not the only one who was concerned about this issue.
Except for those disciples who had fainted, everyone else was closely watching the situation in the arena.
The wisps of Heavenly Demon Zhen Yuan slowly dissipated, and a slightly thin figure stood in the middle of the battlefield. This figure was not tall and sturdy, but it was filled with a sense of power. It was not tall, but it gave people a feeling of looking up to a mountain.
"Luo Zheng!" At this moment, Teacher Wen felt that his tears were about to burst out. The one standing was actually Luo Zheng!
"Inconceivable, inconceivable. Who can tell me what happened? Why is Luo Zheng standing, and Wang Yun lying on the ground? "
"You're asking me? I don't know either. I just want to say that I can no longer understand this battle. "
"It was clearly Wang Yun who used such a fierce dragon roar to attack Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was the one standing. This is incomprehensible!"
Obviously, the result of the battle was completely beyond everyone's imagination. They could no longer understand why such an unforeseen event had occurred.
Luo Zheng, who was holding the Flowing Light Sword, shook his head and exhaled deeply. The brilliance in his eyes became even brighter because his soul had been sublimated again.
Just now, when facing the [Dragon Bone Chaos Ghost Thrust], Luo Zheng could have withstood it with the Flowing Light Sword in his hand. However, when facing the Dragon Might attached to the [Dragon Bone Chaos Ghost Thrust], Luo Zheng felt that it was even more troublesome. Even if Luo Zheng went all out, he was afraid that he could only defeat Wang Yun in terms of moves. It was impossible for him to defeat Wang Yun because the Dragon Might was too terrifying.
Fortunately, the moment Luo Zheng drew his sword, the Qinglong in his mind cooperated with Luo Zheng's actions. The dragon roar instantly erupted, suppressing the Dragon Might in an instant, and at the same time, knocking Wang Yun unconscious.
As a result, Luo Zheng had sufficient time to summon the black flames in his body to devour the Dragon Bone Spear.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, after the black flames refined the Dragon Bone Spear, they did not obtain the Sky Evolution Essence, but drops of thick blood that could not be dissolved. However, the blood in the Dragon Bone Spear was completely different from human blood. Human blood would splatter when it fell to the ground, but the blood in the Dragon Bone Spear was like a small stone. When a drop of blood fell to the ground, it bounced up and down …
In the end, the black flames returned to Luo Zheng's mind through the few drops of blood to be devoured by the Qinglong.
At the same time, 2 rays of light suddenly shot out from the mysterious furnace. One of them entered Luo Zheng's mind, while the other entered Wang Yun's mind.
The Dragon Bone Spear contained a very mysterious power that could instantly heal soul damage. No matter how serious the soul damage was, it could be healed as long as the Dragon Bone Spear was gently swept by the Dragon Bone Spear. For example, when Luo Zheng first opened the Dragon Bone Spear, his soul was constantly on the verge of being annihilated, but the Dragon Bone Spear continuously healed his soul.
Just now, when the Azure Dragon released such a terrifying dragon roar, it probably caused irreversible damage to Wang Yun's brain. If it wasn't for this light, Wang Yun would probably become an idiot permanently.
The Dragon Bone Spear not only had the effect of healing the soul, but it could also strengthen the soul. Luo Zheng had a deep understanding of this.
After all, Luo Zheng had taken away the Dragon Bone Spear from Wang Yun. Now that Wang Yun's soul was strengthened, it could be considered a little compensation. But then again, how precious was something that could strengthen the soul? It was definitely not less precious than the Dragon Bone Spear. From this point of view, Wang Yun did not suffer a loss. However, whether he could accept it or not depended on himself.
Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light Sword and waved it towards the crowd, indicating that the battle was over.
The referee, who had been expressionless all this time, was very dedicated to his job. After faintly waking up, he swallowed a medicinal pill that nourished the soul and weakly announced, "Rain Peak's Luo Zhengsheng, personal disciple Wang Yun … has lost!"
Just as Luo Zheng was preparing to enter the arena, Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu descended once again.
"Sect Leader Shi, Elder Xu," Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards the two. What was to come would come. Luo Zheng also knew that he would not be able to leave so easily after making such a big commotion.
Until now, Shi Jingtian's expression was somewhat unnatural, and so was Elder Xu!
The two of them were the same as all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect who were watching the All-Sect Tournament. They were full of doubts and mysteries.
Previously, Shi Jingtian thought that he could see through Luo Zheng. He was very clear about Luo Zheng's "Demonic God Fist". It was an inheritance from the Demon Clan, and a copy of it was stored in the Heavenly Book Pavilion. Later on, Luo Zheng borrowed it to read.
As for Luo Zheng's soul attack method, although the "Stun Spirit Thorn" was a Heaven Class Technique, it was just so-so in Shi Jingtian's eyes. However, it was indeed amazing that Luo Zheng could train his soul to such a level at such a young age.
As for Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger, it should be a broken ancient treasure that he obtained by chance. The grade of this treasure was hard to estimate, but Shi Jingtian did not pay much attention to it. As the Sect Leader, he would not covet the treasures of his disciples. Not to mention Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger, he would not even care about Wang Yun's Dragon Bone Spear.
Then there was Luo Zheng's mysterious "Fundamental Swordsmanship". This should be Luo Zheng's own comprehension. Such talent was also worthy of praise.
Above were Shi Jingtian's views on Luo Zheng. Such a genius was enough to move Shi Jingtian to recommend Luo Zheng to the Cloud Hall!
Shi Jingtian was sure that his evaluation of Luo Zheng was very accurate. Using the three levels of Heaven, Earth, and Mortal to measure a person's talent, Luo Zheng was at least a Heaven Class Genius. The word "at least" meant that Shi Jingtian had left some leeway in his estimation. It was possible that Luo Zheng would surpass the "Heaven Class Genius" measurement. It might be higher than his estimation.
However, no matter how talented or monstrous he was, it was impossible for him to remain unharmed after the dragon's roar!
Shi Jingtian had already used his perception to scan Luo Zheng. He did not feel any signs of decline in Luo Zheng's aura. Even his soul seemed to have become stronger. As the Sect Leader, if he could swear, he really wanted to say, "What the f * ck is going on? Who can tell me? "
"Luo Zheng, congratulations on winning this battle." Seeing that Shi Jingtian was not asking anything, Elder Xu asked, "Can you tell me what happened when you fell to the ground? Why is Wang Yun lying on the ground? "
"Elder Xu, your question is a bit strange. When two people fight in the arena, one of them will always be lying down. If it's not Wang Yun, then it's me. I don't know how to answer this question." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a trace of slyness as he answered seriously.
Elder Xu laughed self-deprecatingly and said, "I asked too hastily. I want to know what happened when you were fighting just now."
"I'm not too sure about what happened just now. Wang Yun rushed towards me with his bone spear and used the 'Dragon Bone Chaotic Ghost Thrust'. I couldn't dodge it at that time and could only use my sword to fight back. At that moment, a terrifying dragon's roar suddenly erupted from Wang Yun's body. I felt dizzy, but right after the dragon's roar, a seven-colored glow appeared and Wang Yun fell to the ground. Strangely enough, after I was wrapped in that glow, the dizziness in my head actually disappeared …"
Since Luo Zheng had chosen to swallow Wang Yun's bone spear, he had already prepared this speech. His speech was seventy percent true and thirty percent false. The false and the true were mixed together, making it impossible to distinguish whether he was telling the truth or not.
"Seven-colored glow?" Elder Xu's mind raced. He was thinking about what kind of glow was so magical that it could actually heal an injured soul in an instant. One must know that even the elixirs used by the Blue Cloud Sect to heal souls were not immediately effective. If the soul was seriously injured, the elixir might not be effective! The soul was an extremely fragile thing, and it was very troublesome to repair it.
"Seven-colored glow? Could it be the glow emitted by the Seven Star Grass? Impossible, there can't be such a divine object in the Eastern Region. "Shi Jingtian also couldn't understand. The Seven Star Grass was a legendary plant. It was said that as long as one got close to the Seven Star Grass, it would emit a seven-colored glow that could heal one's Divine Soul. However, the appearance of this divine herb would inevitably cause the world to change colors. It was impossible to hide it. It was absolutely impossible for Luo Zheng or Wang Yun to have it.
Seeing that Shi Jingtian was successfully led astray by Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng laughed in his heart. At the same time, he said, "I don't know what's going on either. After all these things have happened, I still don't know how Senior Brother Wang Yun is now."
At this moment, a deacon had already checked Wang Yun's body and said, "Reporting to Sect Master Shi and Elder Xu, Wang Yun seems to be fine. He just fainted temporarily."
Sect Leader Shi nodded. He glanced at Luo Zheng and frowned deeply. After asking Luo Zheng a few questions, he found that the mysteries had not lessened, but rather, they had increased!
"I'll help Wang Yun wake up first and ask him!" Elder Xu's hand flashed with green True Essence. He walked to Wang Yun and poured the True Essence into Wang Yun's body.
After a while, Wang Yun blinked his eyes and slowly woke up. He asked, "Where am I?"