Wang Yun had just woken up and was still in a daze, but when he stretched out his hand, he found that his Flood Dragon Bone Spear had disappeared!
"Where is my Flood Dragon Bone Spear?!" Wang Yun was shocked.
The Flood Dragon Bone Spear was an extremely important weapon to Wang Yun. After using it for a long time, it had developed a telepathic connection with the Flood Dragon Bone Spear. However, at this moment, Wang Yun couldn't feel the existence of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear.
"Wang Yun, did you put the weapon in the Sumeru Ring?" Elder Xu asked with a frown.
Elder Xu and Shi Jingtian also didn't see Wang Yun's Flood Dragon Bone Spear and thought that he had put it away.
"No!" Wang Yun also suspected that he remembered wrongly. He searched his Sumeru Ring but still couldn't find his Flood Dragon Bone Spear. "This is impossible! Why did my Flood Dragon Bone Spear disappear? "Wang Yun said while looking at Luo Zheng with a suspicious look in his eyes.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, indicating that he didn't know anything.
"Wang Yun, what happened when you were fighting with Luo Zheng? What was that last dragon roar all about? " Elder Xu asked again. Although he had just asked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's words didn't clear the doubts in his heart.
Wang Yun was trying to recall the whereabouts of his Flood Dragon Bone Spear, but the moment he fought with Luo Zheng, he was stunned by the dragon roar. He was also a little confused about the battle with Luo Zheng.
"I only remember that the moment I fought with Luo Zheng, there was a terrifying dragon roar. After that dragon roar broke out, my head went black and my consciousness became blurred. I have no impression of what happened after that." Wang Yun shook his head, apparently trying to recall.
Hearing Wang Yun's words, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. If Wang Yun insisted that the dragon roar was caused by him, he was afraid that he would be in some trouble today. After all, he had spread the Heavenly Demon True Essence to block the line of sight in advance. This point alone would arouse suspicion. Which one of Shi Jingtian and Elder Xu wasn't smart? It wouldn't be so easy to fool them.
"That dragon roar broke out from your Flood Dragon Bone Spear? Why was it so powerful? Could it be that your Jiao Dragon Bone Spear completely self-destructed at that moment, so it released such a powerful dragon roar? "Seeing that Wang Yun couldn't remember clearly, Elder Xu asked the speculation in his heart.
"Is that really the case?" Wang Yun was also a little uncertain. Although he couldn't remember what had happened, the dragon's roar at the end was far more powerful than the dragon's roar that he had triggered with the Flood Dragon Bone Spear. The shock that the dragon's roar gave him was like a red-hot branding iron that ruthlessly imprinted on his heart. It was probably something that he would never be able to erase in his lifetime.
The question was, where did that dragon roar come from?
Wang Yun still remembered that when the Weapon Refining Grandmaster Wang Dai had forged the Flood Dragon Bone Spear for him, he had told him that this section of the Flood Dragon's spine still contained a trace of the Flood Dragon's remnant soul. However, the Flood Dragon's spine and the remnant soul had a history of tens of thousands of years. With the passage of time, this remnant soul was on the verge of collapse and was very weak.
However, Wang Dai didn't disperse this remnant soul. Instead, he used an array to seal it. From Wang Dai's point of view as a Weapon Refining Grandmaster, he felt that this remnant soul had long lost the ability to resist. If it was sealed within, it could increase the spirituality of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear.
Could it be that the remnant soul had broken the seal at this time and then chose to self-destruct?
Thinking of this, Wang Yun told Elder Xu his thoughts.
Elder Xu nodded. This explanation was the closest to the truth so far. However, there was still a big doubt about it, and that was the problem of the multicolored light. Elder Xu asked, "Wang Yun, did you see the multicolored light entering your mind?" Wang Yun nodded.
"Multicolored light?" Wang Yun was a little confused. Naturally, he couldn't see the multicolored light after he fainted.
"Didn't you feel that your soul has become stronger?" Elder Xu asked.
"My soul?" Wang Yun immediately felt the difference when Elder Xu reminded him. His soul seemed to be more stable and sharper! In other words, his soul had become stronger!
With the means of the Blue Cloud Sect, they could only produce some soul-nourishing elixirs. These elixirs had a certain restorative effect on the soul. If one wanted to strengthen the soul, they would probably have to consume them for decades and the effects would be minimal. However, Wang Yun's soul strength had increased by a lot in an instant. How could Wang Yun not be happy?
Due to the loss of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear, he was very dispirited and depressed.
If it were anyone else, they would have fainted again due to heartache. However, not only was Wang Yun extremely talented, but his luck was also very exuberant! Although the loss of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear was indeed a blow to him, Wang Yun was confident that he could obtain a better inheritance by relying on his luck.
For example, after Wang Yun's Flood Dragon Bone Spear exploded, his soul had made great progress. In contrast, he was more willing to contribute the Flood Dragon Bone Spear to strengthen his soul. After all, there were too few methods to strengthen the soul and it was too difficult.
As for weapons, they were just worldly possessions. In the future, there might be better weapons.
However, he didn't know that the reason why his soul was strengthened was because of the luck that Luo Zheng gave him. Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so bored as to reveal this matter to him.
After Elder Xu asked twice, he didn't have a good explanation, so he could only drop the matter.
However, before Shi Jingtian left, he took a deep look at Luo Zheng. Although Shi Jingtian didn't see anything wrong from the beginning to the end, his intuition told him that this matter must be closely related to Luo Zheng.
However, Shi Jingtian was only guessing. After all, Luo Zheng was his disciple. Even if he had some secrets, it was his own great opportunity. Shi Jingtian didn't have anything to interfere with.
The impact of this battle was too great.
It could be said that except for Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and a few other disciples, almost all of the disciples were affected to some extent.
Many disciples' souls were damaged and they had to take soul-nourishing medicines. Fortunately, Elder Xu acted in time. Otherwise, the consequences would be unimaginable.
After some adjustments, the referee in the arena was changed, and the All-Peak Grand Competition continued!
Wang Yun's defeat shocked too many people. Luo Zheng also rose to a terrifying height in everyone's mind.
How many people could remain unscathed under a dragon's roar of that level? Many people felt that the first place of this year's All-Peak Competition would be Luo Zheng.
However, there were also people who held opposing views.
Pei Tianyao's strength was unfathomable. Hua Tianming still hadn't drawn his sword. The first place of the Green Cloud Leaderboard, Li Yifeng, still hadn't appeared!
Luo Zheng was able to withstand that terrifying dragon roar. Indeed, it proved that his soul was exceptionally tyrannical. But, so what?
During a battle, it wasn't only the soul that mattered. The most important thing was the use of martial arts and true essence. Everyone's characteristics were different. You couldn't say that Luo Zheng's soul was the strongest. He relied on this to take first place in the All-Peak Competition. No matter how strong his soul was, could it withstand Hua Tianming's sword? No matter how strong his soul was, could it break through Pei Tianyao's defense?
Therefore, many disciples still thought that the true winner of the All-Peak Competition hadn't been decided yet!
In addition to these three people, the Reincarnation Competition continued. Now, with the progress of the competition, the rankings of the major peaks were basically determined.
Because the top three disciples were Hua Tianming of Tianyi Peak and Luo Zheng of Xiao Yufeng, the first and second place of the thirty-three peaks would be decided by these two people.
In other words, Xiao Yufeng, who was originally last place, would definitely be in the top two of the thirty-three peaks! If Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming, then Xiao Yufeng would jump from last place to first place!
The ranking of the thirty-three peaks would bring earth-shattering changes to Xiao Yufeng. This change wouldn't only come from the increase in the inner and outer sect monthly income and the increase in the rewards of medicinal pills. Xiao Yufeng's status as a disciple would also undergo a qualitative change! Moreover, the Blue Cloud Sect's resources would increase the intensity of the resources. They would build a cultivation mystic realm on Xiao Yufeng. There were so many different kinds of benefits that it was difficult to describe.
Therefore, even if the final battle situation and results weren't out, the entire Xiao Yufeng was already boiling.
Whether it was the inner or outer sect disciples of Xiao Yufeng, their eyes were shining with excitement. When Xiao Yufeng was selected as the last place of the thirty-three peaks, many disciples were very dispirited. But who would have thought that? A miraculous disciple appeared on Xiao Yufeng. Luo Zheng, who was only at Xiantian stage two, relied on his own strength to forcibly bring Xiao Yufeng into the top two!
This result was a result that Xiao Yufeng's disciples didn't dare to imagine, but it really happened in front of them.
Zhang Wuxian, Zhou Xian, Mo Can, and the others' eyes were also shining with excitement. As Luo Zheng's good friends, they, like many Xiao Yufeng's disciples, were proud of Luo Zheng and felt honored.
Although they had seen Luo Zheng's strength and recognized in their hearts that Luo Zheng was extraordinary, they believed that Luo Zheng could achieve a good result! At the beginning of the All-Peak Competition, they thought that Luo Zheng could at least enter the top 100. However, Luo Zheng easily crossed the top 100, and then the eightieth, the fiftieth, the twentieth, the tenth, the fifth, the top three …
Every step Luo Zheng took was a miracle. If the All-Peak Competition was a drama full of miracles, then the final chapter of this drama would prove that Luo Zheng was the real miracle child!
Mentor Wen's eyes were full of gratification. For him, this was enough, too much! Xiao Yufeng was ranked second among the thirty-three peaks. This ranking already satisfied him to the point that he couldn't be more satisfied.
"In the past, Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, also brought Jade Maiden Peak to the second place with her own strength. I didn't expect Luo Zheng to replicate this miracle three years later." A Xiao Yufeng's mentor sighed.
Mentor Wen shook his head and said, "It's not the same. Luo Zheng is more powerful than Luo Yan!"
＝＝＝＝＝