Luo Yan was undoubtedly a genius. Whether it was her cultivation speed or talent, she was better than Luo Zheng. When she participated in the All-Peak Competition, Luo Yan had already stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm. At that time, she was not even fifteen years old.
Luo Zheng was seventeen years old and was only at Xiantian Stage Two. In terms of cultivation speed, Luo Zheng was far behind Luo Yan.
But in terms of real combat power, Luo Zheng was more than one level stronger than Luo Yan.
This was because in the previous All-Peak Competition, the peak disciples did not achieve such good results.
Not to mention the top three, even the top five were all occupied by the pro-disciples!
But this year's competition was far more intense than any previous All-Peak Competition. Two of the top three actually came. As for the peak disciples, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming! And these two people were not in the Divine Reflection Realm! This was simply the first time in history. In the previous All-Peak Competition, it was simply unimaginable.
And this year, not only did the two dark horses, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, create miracles, even the peak disciples, such as Xie Yun, Wu Xie, Zhu Fanhai, Quan Xiaoyan, and the other peak disciples also completely defeated many of the pro-disciples.
It could be said that this year's peak disciples had already suppressed the pro-disciples!
And among the pro-disciples, only one person could stand up and carry the banner, and that was Pei Tianyao.
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng..." Instructor Xu of Tianyi Peak murmured this name silently.
Instructor Xu's memory was not bad. Of course, he remembered that when Luo Zheng entered the Bloody Mountain to train, not only did he kill Fang Yushu and other experts, but he also killed the only Level Five phantom beast on the Bloody Mountain! He had obtained the only Black Crystal Shard! Since the establishment of Blood Color Mountain, there had never been a disciple who had obtained the Black Crystal Shard!
Therefore, at that time, Instructor Xu was determined to get Luo Zheng. He was determined to invite Luo Zheng under Tianyi Peak. For this, he did not hesitate to argue with Su Lingyun!
Unfortunately, Su Lingyun seemed to have used some means to bribe Luo Zheng first. She actually made Luo Zheng willingly join Xiao Yufeng.
Tutor Xu, who was one step behind, could only think maliciously in his heart. Luo Zheng was indeed an unpolished gem, but did your number one, Xiao Yufeng, have the ability to sculpt him?
In the end, Luo Zheng appeared out of nowhere and shone brilliantly in the Peak Wide Competition. He even became the key opponent of Tianyi Peak's most valiant disciple, Hua Tianming!
If, if he could give Instructor Xu another chance, he would definitely offer a higher price at the Bloody Mountain. No matter what, he would take Luo Zheng into Tianyi Peak! Because Luo Zheng was not an unpolished gem at all. He was gold! There was no need to sculpt him. He would not be buried no matter where he was placed. He would shine no matter where he was placed!
If he missed it, he missed it. Who asked Su Lingyun to beat him to it? Instructor Xu sighed in his heart and shook his head. Fortunately, their Tianyi Peak still had Hua Tianming. Hua Tianming's strength and potential were not inferior to Luo Zheng. It was still unknown who would win.
Now that the Transmigration Competition was going on round after round, the number of disciples who were eliminated in the drawing box was increasing. Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, and Luo Zheng, the probability of the three of them drawing each other was also increasing.
Under everyone's attention, the deacon conducted another round of drawing lots. After taking out the name list of the lots and handing it over to the referee, the referee immediately announced. "Tianyi Peak, Hua Tianming versus Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng!"
"It's finally here!"
"The battle between the two super geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect! I feel like my blood is boiling! "
"Will Hua Tianming draw his sword? I really want to see his sword. What does it look like? Hurry up and draw your sword! "
Hua Tianming's expression was very calm as he slowly walked towards the arena. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, walked briskly, looking very relaxed.
After the two stood face to face, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "They all want to see your sword. Don't tell me you're not planning on not drawing your sword for the entire competition?"
Hua Tianming shook his head and said, "I said before that I won't draw my sword because I don't need to. I'm not pretending to be mysterious."
"Then what about now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course I'll draw my sword." Hua Tianming finished speaking. He stretched out his slender fingers and held the sword on his back. Inch by inch, he gently pulled it out.
"After waiting for so long, Hua Tianming finally drew his sword. It turns out that Luo Zheng is the opponent he values!"
"What kind of sword is it? I really can't wait! "
All the disciples stared unblinkingly at Hua Tianming.
When Hua Tianming pulled out the sword, the crowd suddenly burst into an uproar.
"What kind of sword is this? It's rusty? How can a sword rust? "
"It can't be an ordinary iron sword, right? My God, Hua Tianming has been carrying such a piece of junk all this time? "
"Hmph, with your standards, you naturally think it's a piece of junk. With Hua Tianming's strength, why would he carry such a piece of junk on his back?"
"You really know how to talk. Then tell me, what kind of peerless sword can rust?"
Hua Tianming indeed pulled out a rusty sword.
With the standards of the Eastern Region's weapon refinement, even profound weapons could be stored for decades without rusting. If a spiritual weapon was properly maintained, it could be stored for hundreds of years without rusting. Immortal weapons could be stored for an even longer period of time, measured in thousands of years.
A sword that didn't rust didn't mean that it was a good sword, but a rusty sword was destined to be a bad sword.
However, the strongest swordsman of the Blue Cloud Sect's younger generation used a rusty sword. This made the long-awaited Blue Cloud Sect disciples somewhat unable to accept it.
Hua Tianming ignored the discussion below the arena. He slowly raised the rusty sword and pointed the tip at the ground. "This sword of mine is called Corrosive Blood. The red mark on this sword is not rust, but blood. A blood mark that hasn't disappeared even after thousands of years."
Hua Tianming's words moved Luo Zheng slightly. The disciples who had mocked Hua Tianming for taking out a rusty sword out of disappointment were also shocked.
What kind of blood wouldn't disappear after thousands of years?
If the blood of an ordinary human was spattered on a sword, it would quickly dry up and form bloodstains. However, after a period of time, the bloodstains would fade and eventually dissipate into the air. The bloodstains would not last for more than three years!
However, the bloodstains on Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword had actually lasted for thousands of years? Could it be the blood of some mythical beast?
"How did this bloodstain get left behind?" Luo Zheng was also very curious. He could faintly feel that the bloodstain exuded an extraordinary aura.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "I'm not sure, but this Corrosive Blood Sword is very helpful to my swordsmanship. It even produced a trace of spirituality and is connected to my mind. I'm telling you this because you are also a swordsman."
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. This Hua Tianming was really interesting. Thus, Luo Zheng also took out his longsword from his spatial ring. With a "zeng" sound, the Flowing Light Longsword was unsheathed.
"This sword of mine is called 'Flowing Light'. It's a low-grade immortal tool. The blade was forged by Luozi," Luo Zheng slowly said.
"This sword was forged by Luozi?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
As a swordsman, Hua Tianming was very concerned about all kinds of treasured swords. When Luo Zheng took out this Flowing Light Longsword during the last battle, Hua Tianming felt that it was somewhat familiar. It was almost exactly the same as one of the treasured swords on the second floor of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion that Luozi had yet to complete.
However, that treasured sword had yet to be completely condensed, so Hua Tianming suspected that he had seen wrongly.
Hearing Luo Zheng say that this Flowing Light Longsword was forged by Luozi, Hua Tianming immediately confirmed that this Flowing Light Longsword was definitely the same as the treasured sword on the second floor of the Thousand Secrets Pavilion!
However, that treasured sword had yet to be condensed. How could it have been promoted to an immortal tool?
Hua Tianming immediately asked this question. "If I remember correctly, this sword should be one of the three weapons forged by Luozi during his lifetime. Without Luozi's refinement, this sword can only be regarded as an unfinished product. Who did you find to complete the final refinement process?"
The remaining three tool refiners simply didn't have the ability to refine this immortal tool. Hua Tianming was curious. He immediately added, "I'm just curious. I want to know who in the Eastern Region can refine an immortal tool and even help Luozi complete his posthumous work. If you find it difficult to answer, you can choose not to answer. "
Generally speaking, tool refiners were more familiar with the weapons they personally refined. It was easier for them to infuse their understanding of the Dao of Heaven's Divination into the weapon.
It was even more difficult for others to refine Che Daozi's unfinished sword into an immortal tool!
At least, no one in the Eastern Region had this ability.
Hearing Hua Tianming's question, everyone became curious. It seemed that there was a story behind this. As disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, they had more or less heard of the legend of Che Daozi. Naturally, many of them knew that Che Daozi had left behind an unfinished work before his death.
Therefore, they also wanted to know the answer.
"Hehe, I refined this sword on Dipping Fire Peak," Luo Zheng answered truthfully after thinking for a while. Hua Tianming was very frank, so he naturally wouldn't hide anything. Besides, Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of this matter spreading. Since he had chosen to participate in the All-Peak Competition, Luo Zheng was gathering momentum. As long as he gathered enough momentum, perhaps many problems would be easily solved. Su Lingyun's problems, Luo Yan's problems, and his own problems.
"You refined it on your own? And on Dipping Fire Peak? "Hua Tianming's pupils shrank sharply.
Luo Zheng nodded. "To be precise, I refined it with the help of the crafting furnace on Dipping Fire Peak."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, there was an uproar in the arena.
"No way! Luo Zheng refined an immortal tool on his own? Then isn't he at the level of a tool refiner? "
"Don't hit my fragile nerves again. A tool refiner? Can you not be so exaggerated?"
"Could it be that he's bragging? A person's energy is always limited. His cultivation of martial arts is already so abnormal, but he can still refine an immortal tool on his own … "
"It's not easy to brag about this, is it? It's easy to find out. There are so many disciples on Dipping Fire Peak. It's not worthwhile for Luo Zheng to tell such a low-level lie. "
Hearing this, Shi Jingtian took a deep breath and glanced at Elder Xu next to him.
Elder Xu immediately nodded and said, "I'll arrange for people to go to Dipping Fire Peak to find out …"
A tool refiner was very important even to the Blue Cloud Sect. It was no wonder that Shi Jingtian attached great importance to it.
"Quickly send people to find out and then quickly report back. However, I don't think the result is important anymore." Shi Jingtian sighed and shook his head.
Elder Xu asked, "Sect Master, do you believe Luo Zheng's words? Did he really refine it on his own?"
"What about you?" Shi Jingtian asked.
"I believe him." Elder Xu smiled.
Shi Jingtian pointed at Elder Xu. He didn't know what to say about Luo Zheng's monstrous talent. Finally, he said, "I believe him too. This guy has given me too many surprises. Let alone refining an immortal tool, I'll believe you if you say he's the reincarnation of an immortal!"