Elder Xu was stunned by Shi Jingtian's words. His evaluation of Shi Jingtian was too high.
Shi Jingtian was someone who worked for the Cloud Hall. His knowledge had exceeded the entire Eastern Region. It could be said that he had seen the entire Great Thousand World.
Just the Eastern Region alone had hundreds of millions of people, and the Central Region was more than ten times larger than the Eastern Region. Even if the five regions were added together, they were not conspicuous in the Great Thousand World. They could only be considered a small corner of the world outside the main continent!
The number of humans in the Great Thousand World was like sand in the ocean. It was difficult to measure them.
How many geniuses were there in such large numbers? Luo Zheng's talent was high and his luck was strong. However, it did not mean that there was no one stronger than him.
Elder Xu was also shocked by Luo Zheng's performance. These juniors were all monstrous. However, he could not accept Shi Jingtian's evaluation. The reincarnation of an immortal? What kind of concept was that?
Seeing Elder Xu's expression, Shi Jingtian smiled faintly and said, "It's just a joke. Elder Xu, don't take it seriously."
"…" Elder Xu was someone who had lived for more than a hundred years. When he heard the Sect Leader's joke, he could not react in time.
"However, Luo Zheng is really special. His Luo Family did not have any great figures. Regardless of background or bloodline, they were all ordinary. However, in this generation, there was a Luo Yan with a special physique. Now, there is a powerful Luo Zheng. Don't you think that this coincidence is a little strange?" Shi Jingtian said.
Elder Xu shook his head and said, "This coincidence is indeed praiseworthy. However, I can't see the strangeness."
Shi Jingtian looked at the arena. Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword reflected the sunlight. Shi Jingtian then said, "Actually, I can't see it either. I just feel that there must be a reason for this arrangement. Regardless of whether Luo Zheng is a hidden dragon or not, his current performance is enough for me to give him a push! If he achieves something in the Cloud Hall in the future, it will be extremely beneficial to me. "
Although it was difficult to enter the sects in the Great Wide World, they welcomed true geniuses with open arms. After all, if a sect wanted to develop and grow, it had to constantly discover and nurture geniuses and enter a virtuous cycle.
If Luo Zheng were to achieve something in the future, Shi Jingtian would also benefit greatly from the Cloud Hall.
Elder Xu nodded silently. As an elder, he naturally had no right to comment on the Sect Master's arrangements. Usually, Sect Master Shi was elusive and secretive. Since he was willing to talk to him so much, it was already considered as him opening his heart to his subordinate.
In the arena, Hua Tianming did not speak for three breaths of time. He really needed time to digest the shock brought to him by Luo Zheng.
After three breaths of time, Hua Tianming said, "I, Hua Tianming, started to practice swordsmanship at the age of six. At the age of ten, I comprehended the Small Success of Sword Intent. At the age of thirteen, I reached the Great Success of Sword Intent. At the age of sixteen, I broke through to the Peak of Xiantian Realm. Even those who have just entered the Divine Realm are not my opponents. In the Eastern Region, there are very few people that I admire. Pei Tianyao is the first, and you, Luo Zheng, are the second! In this battle, I will go all out and will not hold back. "
Luo Zheng nodded, "Let's start."
Between two peerless geniuses, there was no need for any psychological attack. In the face of absolute strength, both of their hearts were incomparably firm, as steady as a rock. They would not be affected by each other's anger. Moreover, a swordsman had to walk the path of justice. When exchanging pointers with each other, their words would not be too harsh.
"Weng!"
Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword slightly tilted, and a sword cry was heard. Immediately, he moved with strange sword steps.
Looking at Hua Tianming's figure, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a touch of admiration. He had to admit that Hua Tianming's understanding of swordsmanship was much deeper than his own.
After all, Luo Zheng had not practiced swordsmanship for a long time. Although he had comprehended the Sword Intent, and had even caught up with Hua Tianming, he could not be like Hua Tianming, who had completely integrated himself with his sword.
Hua Tianming's sword steps became faster and faster, and a cyclone of Sword Qi appeared under his feet.
"Me too!"
Luo Zheng also moved with his sword steps.
Although Luo Zheng had relied on Hua Tianming's sword steps to learn his own sword steps, there were still subtle differences between the two's sword steps.
Hua Tianming's sword steps were delicate and soft. If one looked carefully, each step was extremely precise. It was neither long nor short, and it was exactly the same distance as the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand. However, although his sword steps looked gentle, they were filled with hidden killing intent. Once they revealed their sharpness, that sharpness was unstoppable!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's sword steps were somewhat casual, but there was a hint of naturalness in them. Each step was not as soft as Hua Tianming's, but it was more domineering and powerful!
The two's footsteps constantly crisscrossed in the arena, both looking for the other's flaws and mistakes.
However, at this point in their cultivation, both of them were able to maintain an extremely good state of mind, and it was difficult for any flaws to appear.
This kind of crisscrossing sword steps was very beautiful, as if it were a performance. The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect also shouted repeatedly.
"This … is too gorgeous!"
"It's a feast for the eyes. If I can make such sword steps one day, I'm afraid there won't be a match for me within the Xiantian realm!"
"Hmph, if you want to learn sword steps, you have to comprehend sword intent. If you can comprehend sword intent, naturally there won't be a match for you within the Xiantian realm. But do you think you have a chance?"
Just as the crowd was discussing, Hua Tianming took the lead to break the balance and launched an attack.
He slid over, as if his feet were smeared with oil. With this step, thirteen sword intent cyclones shot towards Luo Zheng.
Among them, there were six sword intent cyclones in front of him, three on both sides, and the last one cut down from the sky, sealing off all directions for Luo Zheng.
"Good timing." Facing the thirteen sword intent cyclones, Luo Zheng also slid over, kicking out four sword intent cyclones. However, although his sword intent cyclones were not as numerous as Hua Tianming's, each cyclone was larger and more domineering.
"Pu pu pu pu pu …"
The two sword intent cyclones collided, destroying each other. There was no clear winner.
And at this moment, Hua Tianming made his move.
Hua Tianming's methods had always been like this. Either he didn't make a move, or once he made a move, he would never give his opponent any chance to take a breather.
"Megrez Sword!"
This was Hua Tianming's first move!
The moment this move was made, his entire aura suddenly changed, and the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand became extremely blurry.
What was even stranger was that Hua Tianming's move was clearly from the bottom to the top, but it gave Luo Zheng an extremely strong sense of oppression, as if the heavens were pressing down on him.
"He's practicing 《Heavenly Sword》? He can actually borrow power? "
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Obviously, at this moment, Hua Tianming seemed to be borrowing the power of the Heavenly Dao to oppress him.
The Heavenly Dao was vast, how broad and profound was it? Millions of generations of Qiongqi humans couldn't see through the heavens! And the power of the heavens was even more powerful. Who could resist the pressure of the heavens?
However, Hua Tianming seemed to be borrowing a trace of the power of the Heavenly Dao, but his strength was still insufficient. He hadn't even touched the threshold of the power of the Heavenly Dao, only possessing a little bit of the concept.
But even this trace of the power of the Heavenly Dao, a little bit of the concept, was extremely terrifying. It actually gave Luo Zheng a great sense of oppression, so much so that Luo Zheng was a little breathless.
"Hua Tianming is indeed very strong, but … the so-called borrowing power is ultimately something borrowed. It can't be controlled, but my own sword moves are completely under my control!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't choose to retreat. Instead, he chose to backhand his sword, still using a basic sword technique. "Sword Slash!"
It was a simple arc, the most basic movement, but the power contained in this sword was beyond anyone's imagination!
The Great Dao was simple, and all roads led to the same destination. No matter how you changed, you couldn't escape from the simplest sword move.
"Ping!"
The two swords collided, emitting a crisp sound.
Many swordsmen would choose to retreat if they didn't gain the upper hand with a single sword move, and then plan for an even fiercer attack.
At this moment, the two of them had no intention of retreating at all.
"Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping!"
In the blink of an eye, the two of them exchanged seven or eight swords. They fought with speed, dazzling and breathtaking.
The two of them appeared very calm, as if they weren't fighting with swords, but sitting face to face and playing a game of Go.
Compared to the two of them in the arena, the disciples outside the arena were even more nervous.
Among martial artists, swordsmen were kings, so most of them practiced the sword.
At this moment, as the two of them fought, many of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect didn't even dare to breathe loudly! Some of the swordsmen even clenched their fists, beads of sweat the size of soybeans rolling down their foreheads.
As swordsmen, they were the ones who gained the most insight from watching the battle!
If they were to watch the battles of those who were at the peak of the Soul Illumination Realm or even higher, these disciples wouldn't understand at all, let alone understand.
This was because although Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were strong, they weren't much stronger than them. As long as they understood the mysteries, it would be a kind of improvement for them, a kind of enlightenment. Some swordsmen would even break through under such circumstances!
"Fifty swords …"
"One hundred swords …"
"One hundred and fifty swords …"
"Sigh …"
Hua Tianming let out a sigh, and then quietly floated to the back.
In a pure contest of sword moves, he couldn't gain the upper hand in front of Luo Zheng, so a contest of sword moves was meaningless.
Luo Zheng's Basic Sword Technique contained the power of simplicity. When it was simple to the extreme, it actually became complicated. These two weren't contradictory products!
Therefore, Hua Tianming couldn't see through Luo Zheng's Basic Sword Technique!
Hua Tianming, who had just stood still, drew a circle with the sword in his hand, and repeatedly emitted True Essence. The True Essence and sword intent entangled with each other, causing the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand to hum.
"Brilliant Sword Seed, split light and darkness! I'm not a scoundrel, I'll use the Righteous Dao to prove the Heavens! "
A tremendous aura spread out from Hua Tianming's body. At this moment, Hua Tianming seemed to have changed into a different person, as if he was the representative of the Heavens in the mortal world! As if he was the son of the Heavens!