The sword technique that Hua Tianming cultivated was called Heavenly Sword. Heavenly Sword was not a Heaven-tier cultivation technique, nor was it an Earth-tier cultivation technique. It was not even a Mystic-tier or Mortal-tier cultivation technique because Heavenly Sword did not have a tier at all!
This cultivation technique was very special. It only had one diagram, and this diagram was called Heavenly Sword Diagram.
875 years ago, Heavenly Sword Diagram appeared out of nowhere and set off a reign of terror in the Eastern Region.
Several landowning clans, Burning Sky Palace, Blue Cloud Sect, and various experts strolling in the Eastern Region County all moved out one after another in order to obtain this "Heavenly Sword Diagram". It was rumored that this "Heavenly Sword Diagram" contained a supreme divine ability, and if it was refined in a single day, it would be able to achieve Dao and ascend!
In order to snatch this' Heavenly Sword Diagram ', countless heroes had died.
In the end, the Blue Cloud Sect took action and obtained the Heavenly Sword Diagram. Later, it was sent to Burning Sky Palace.
Many martial artists gnashed their teeth in hatred. However, whether it was the Blue Cloud Sect or Burning Sky Palace, they could not afford to offend them. They did not dare to enter Burning Sky Palace to snatch it.
However, a year later, a rubbing of the Heavenly Sword Diagram appeared on the market! Moreover, this rubbing plate was circulated from within the Burning Sky Palace.
As for why it came from Burning Sky Palace, no one knew. However, even if it was a rubbing, it was still crazily snatched by those martial artists! If they could not snatch it, they would spend a high price to buy it. The price of a rubbing of the Heavenly Sword Diagram was even raised to 10,000 gold taels!
This price was nothing to martial artists, but in the eyes of ordinary people, it was extremely shocking.
Therefore, many clans and merchants also spent a high price to buy rubbing. They would make a rubbing themselves and then sell it.
It could be said that at that time, almost everyone in the Eastern Region had a copy of the Heavenly Sword Diagram. Therefore, the price of the Heavenly Sword Diagram began to plummet. It fell from 10,000 gold taels to worthless.
One of the reasons was that too many people had rubbed the Heavenly Sword Diagram. It was originally just a piece of paper.
More importantly, those cultivators realized that they couldn't comprehend the Heavenly Sword from the Heavenly Sword Diagram ….
They couldn't understand the Heavenly Sword Diagram at all, nor did they know what it was.
After the martial artists realized that they had been deceived, they naturally discarded this Heavenly Sword Diagram like a pair of worn-out clogs, throwing it away like a piece of scrap paper.
From this point of view, Heavenly Sword was probably the most widely circulated cultivation method in the Eastern Region.
However, it wasn't that this cultivation method couldn't be cultivated. It was just that the requirements for comprehension and talent were too high, too high.
However, the Eastern Region was vast, and among the billions of humans, there were bound to be a few outliers who succeeded.
They were Zhu Kun from 633 years ago, Xuanyuan Daoyi from 400 years ago, and Ao Zhiyuan from 100 years ago.
However, although the three of them were talented, they had only managed to cultivate three swords. They were the Megrez Sword, the Dubhe Sword, and the Merak Sword.
Since ancient times, after so many generations, only three people had successfully cultivated it. Moreover, they had only managed to cultivate three swords of the 'Heavenly Sword'. From this, one could imagine how difficult it was to cultivate the 'Heavenly Sword'. This was also the reason why the 'Heavenly Sword Diagram' was so common that no martial artist would choose such a powerful cultivation method. This was because ordinary people simply could not cultivate it!
But today, after 875 years, it had happened! Hua Tianming had successfully cultivated it!
"The fourth sword! It's actually the fourth sword! Hua Tianming has successfully cultivated the fourth sword of the 'Heavenly Sword', the Phecda Sword! Holy sh * t, the first person in 800 years to do so! "
"It's true! And Hua Tianming doesn't seem to have simply cultivated the fourth sword. He seems to want to use all four swords at the same time. In other words, he fused the four swords into a sword seed, and then activated it to combine the four swords into one! "
"Luo Zheng is in danger. The sword technique of the 'Heavenly Sword' borrows the power of heaven. Everyone who can cultivate the 'Heavenly Sword' is a person favored by heaven. It can be said that they are the children of heaven. Once these four swords are used, Luo Zheng will definitely lose!"
"I originally thought that Luo Zheng would be stronger, but I didn't expect that in front of Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng still doesn't have a chance!"
A small illusory seed suddenly bloomed in front of Hua Tianming, and then a thin line appeared on top of his head. That thin line suddenly shot into the sky, and in an instant, a huge cyclone appeared in the sky. The cyclone poured down towards the ground as soon as it appeared.
This cyclone was like mercury pouring down on the ground, slowly dissipating into the surroundings. This was the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth!
The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth was very violent before it was refined and transformed into the True Essence within the body of a warrior. But because it was not refined, the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth contained a trace of the power of heaven.
In fact, once a warrior cultivated to a higher level and a more powerful realm, he could freely use the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
However, Hua Tianming was at the Xiantian Full Circle stage, so it was impossible for him to directly use the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. The 'Heavenly Sword' also did not 'use' the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. It was merely 'borrowing'.
But even if it was borrowing, it was enough to display full power.
"Four Swords in One!"
A faint illusory sword intent appeared around Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword. He was using the sword intent to bind the power of heaven within it, and then he stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
Sword moves were important, but in the face of absolute strength, they were meaningless.
When this sword stabbed out, it was as if the sky was turned upside down …
However, although Hua Tianming's Four Swords in One was powerful, it was different from Wang Yun's soul attack. It would not cause harm to the soul of others.
Therefore, at this moment, the onlookers were only oppressed by this power to the point that they could not breathe. But unlike when Luo Zheng fought with Wang Yun, their souls were not damaged.
Seeing Hua Tianming's sword, some of the more timid and weak-willed people almost wanted to turn around and run away. They really did not have the courage to face it head-on!
If the Blue Cloud Sect disciples outside the arena were like this, one could imagine how Luo Zheng felt inside the arena.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt as if he had stepped into an illusory realm!
He was like a sand gull in the world. He stood alone on the boundless sea line. He was all alone, watching as the entire sky overturned and bore down on him.
This was not an attack on the spiritual level. It was just an illusion created by the vast power that Luo Zheng felt.
"It's just a borrowed power, but it can actually create such an effect. So strong! Too strong! "
Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light Sword and faced the entire sky. How could he fight?
If it were any other Blue Cloud Sect disciple, they would have been on the verge of collapse in this state. As long as a flaw appeared in their heart, they would immediately be defeated without any room to turn the situation around!
However, Luo Zheng's heart had long been as firm as a rock. Not to mention that this was just a borrowed power from Hua Tianming, even if the sky really collapsed, he would fight to the end!
Facing the overturning illusory realm, Luo Zheng's vital essence began to slowly circulate within his body.
The Sky Demon's vital essence gradually climbed up along Luo Zheng's sword-wielding hand. Above the purple-black vital essence, specks of starlight lingered around the Flowing Light Sword.
"Collapsing Sword!"
Luo Zheng had comprehended the most powerful move of the "Basic Sword Techniques".
At the same time, the specks of starlight inlaid on the Sky Demon's vital essence suddenly became active!
The annihilation energy released by a speck of starlight was already extremely powerful.
However, before the Peak Competition, Luo Zheng had accidentally entered the Sun-Moon-Star Map and comprehended a way to increase the power of starlight while visualizing it.
When starlight collided, it could increase the annihilation power of starlight tenfold!
"Boom!"
The two specks of starlight collided, as if two stars had collided, releasing a dazzling light that no one could look at directly.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword stabbed out at the same time.
Mixed with such turbulent annihilation energy, Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword blasted out!
"I'm only borrowing a trace of momentum from the Qi of Heaven and Earth. Not to mention momentum, even if the sky is really overturned, I'll still shatter you!" Luo Zheng shouted in his heart.
Hua Tianming's four swords combined into one and Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword converged together. At this moment, both of them saw monstrous determination in each other's eyes!
Both of them had the conviction to win!
"Boom!"
In an instant, a blazing white light lit up the arena.
When that light flickered, almost everyone couldn't open their eyes.
After a while, everyone's vision slowly recovered. On the arena, Luo Zheng stood in place, motionless.
Hua Tianming retreated five steps, a trace of blood hanging from the corner of his mouth.
"F * ck, Luo Zheng's sword pierced through the sky created by Hua Tianming!" Some disciple shouted so rudely.
＝＝＝＝＝