In terms of power, the battle between Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming couldn't compare to the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun.
After all, the Qinglong roar in Luo Zheng's mind was too terrifying. The shock and damage it brought to everyone was something they would never be able to erase for the rest of their lives.
However, although the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun had erupted with astonishing power, it was far less impressive than this battle!
At that time, Luo Zheng had used the Heavenly Demon's True Essence to shroud the battle arena, shrouding it in clouds and mist. Everyone only heard a few dragon roars, but they didn't know what had happened inside.
However, this battle was different.
Both of them were swordsmen and had comprehended sword intent. In terms of attainments in swordsmanship, they had already reached the peak of perfection in the Blue Cloud Sect.
One of them had comprehended the "Heavenly Sword" with a talent that didn't appear in a thousand years. With a thrust of his sword, he could catch the momentum of the heavens and suppress his opponent! The other person had created his own martial technique. With the strange "Basic Swordsmanship", he didn't show any signs of weakness when facing the momentum of the heavens. He used the sword in his hand to shatter the heavens!
Under such a scene, all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were in an uproar.
There were also many older disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. They had witnessed several sessions of the All-Peak Tournament, but none of them could reach the current height of the All-Peak Tournament.
"Hua Tianming is already monstrous enough. I'm afraid he's the only person who has cultivated the fourth sword of the" Heavenly Sword "since the" Heavenly Sword Diagram "was born. I didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be even more terrifying. He used the Basic Swordsmanship to break the Heavenly Sword …"
"It's really unfair. When I was a child, I grabbed a sword. Everyone around me said that I was a natural swordsman and that I would have great achievements in swordsmanship in the future. I didn't expect that compared to the two of them, I'm simply a joke!"
"A monster is indeed a monster. He can turn something rotten into something magical. A simple set of basic sword techniques can also exert such power. I can only sigh in amazement!"
Even the elders and Immortals who were watching the battle sighed when they saw this scene. They were really old. Now was the era of the young. Too many geniuses had emerged in this Peak Wide Competition. Any disciple, as long as they grew up, might be able to create a new era in the future.
Hua Tianming reached out to wipe away the trace of blood at the corner of his mouth. His cold gaze was full of surprise.
Originally, Hua Tianming thought that "Four Swords in One" was enough to deal with Luo Zheng. He didn't think that Luo Zheng could resist his Force of the Heavens. But now, it seemed that Hua Tianming had underestimated Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's simple "Collapsing Sword" not only contained the power of the Great Dao, but it also contained a trace of the power of the stars!
What made Hua Tianming feel even more incredulous was that the trace of the power of the stars wasn't borrowed by Luo Zheng. It seemed to be condensed from his own True Essence!
How was this possible?
Cultivating "Heavenly Sword" was to visualize the "Heavenly Sword Diagram" and find a trace of opportunity to communicate with the Heavens! This kind of opportunity was very small, but Hua Tianming did it. That was why he was able to cultivate "Heavenly Sword" smoothly.
What's more, cultivating "Heavenly Sword" was actually just borrowing the power of the Heavens! The power of the Heavens didn't belong to him. It was borrowed!
After all, what was borrowed was borrowed. It wasn't something that belonged to him.
However, Luo Zheng's power of the stars was visualized by himself. It was his own power of the stars. How did he do it? Directly visualizing the stars?
In the Eastern Domain, it wasn't that there weren't martial artists who visualized the stars.
After stepping into the Xiantian realm, all martial artists would urgently find something suitable for them to visualize. And these things came in all kinds of strange shapes and sizes.
There were sabers, swords, spears, bows, and so on. There were even stones, trees, houses, paintings, all kinds of strange shapes and sizes, and so on.
There were martial artists who visualized the stars, the sun, and the moon.
But the stars, the sun, and the moon were so vast and ethereal. How could they be visualized? How could one transform their True Essence into stars?
Although there were martial artists who successfully visualized the stars, they couldn't visualize the charm of the stars. After transforming the stars with True Essence, they were often hard and big stones … without the slightest bit of the power of the stars.
Therefore, many martial artists gave up on visualizing these big and useless things. For example, the sun, the moon, the stars, the sea, the mountains … these things might have an astonishing aura, but their power was often mediocre and impractical.
Of course, there were some monstrous geniuses who could visualize a trace of charm, but those geniuses might exist, but it was impossible for them to be born in the Eastern Domain!
Hua Tianming didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't directly visualize the stars in the sky, but used the sun, moon, and stars map to visualize. And the sun, moon, and stars map he obtained didn't belong to this world!
The strength of the almighty who drew the sun, moon, and stars map was simply beyond the imagination of this world!
"Among the younger generation of the Eastern Domain, I thought I couldn't find an opponent in the same realm! Even if it was a Divine Realm martial artist, he would still be defeated by my sword. My real opponent is only Pei Tianyao! If I meet Pei Tianyao now, I only have a 50% chance of defeating him. But in the future, if I break through the Xiantian Full Circle and step into the Divine Realm, I have a 90% chance of defeating him! "Hua Tianming slowly said.
Below the stage, Pei Tianyao sat cross-legged with his eyes slightly closed. There was no expression on his face.
Hua Tianming immediately said: "So I thought that with my strength, I could aim for a broader stage. The Eastern Domain is too narrow for me to gallop freely. My goal is the whole world! I want to challenge the geniuses born among the trillions of creatures in the world! So after the Peak Competition, whether I can walk the Blue Clouds Road or not, I will set foot in the Central Domain and go to a broader space! "
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, many disciples suddenly sucked in a breath of cold air.
They didn't expect Hua Tianming to have such ambitions!
Everyone had their own goals. The disciples born from the grassroots hoped to cultivate to a higher realm, contribute to their family, and strive for a position.
The disciples born from landowning households may want to stand out from their brothers and sisters, or even compete for the position of the head of the family, and then lead their family to a peak. But this "peak" was only relative to the Eastern Domain.
Not to mention the world, just the Central Domain was much bigger than the Eastern Domain. In the Eastern Domain, the seven landowning households may be able to abuse their power, but in the Central Domain, they were nothing.
And Hua Tianming's goal was the world!
How vast was the concept of the boundless universe? There were endless areas that humans had not explored at all.
This was like a beggar in a small city. He didn't know how big his country was, but one day he suddenly announced that he wanted to be the emperor.
This may sound ridiculous, but don't forget that before the Burning Sky Dynasty, there was an emperor who was born as a beggar!
To have such ambition was enough to let Hua Tianming stand above the many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"But what surprised me was that before I left the Eastern Domain, I met you, Luo Zheng! You're only at the Xiantian second stage, but you broke my four swords in one with a 'basic swordsmanship'! My practice of "Heavenly Sword" can produce a trace of opportunity with the heavens. I feel that you are a gift from the heavens, or a test, so I must overcome you! "
The bloodstains on Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword seemed to come alive and slowly flowed on the blade. A seed appeared between his eyebrows, and then he gently raised the Corrosive Blood Sword and said indifferently: "I originally left this sword for Pei Tianyao, but in order to defeat you, I have no choice but to use it."
"Pop!"
The seed between Hua Tianming's eyebrows suddenly shattered. The moment the sword seed broke, Hua Tianming's eyes revealed an azure light, and his temperament also underwent a fundamental change.
"Brilliant Sword Seed, Break Life, With My Dao, All Living Beings Reincarnation!"
"Xiu … …"
At this moment, under the urging of Hua Tianming, the violent World's Yuan Qi once again surged, and this time the momentum was even greater!
"The wind is blowing … …"
Outside the arena, Pei Tianyao said with his eyes closed. He felt the surging of the surrounding World's Yuan Qi, which was a strange phenomenon caused by the circulation of World's Yuan Qi.
As the World's Yuan Qi gathered faster and faster, the wind became stronger and stronger.
Hua Tianming's previous sword had combined four swords into one, and at the same time, pushed the power of the heavens towards Luo Zheng, creating a kind of overturning momentum of the heavens!
But this sword had completely condensed the power of the heavens into Hua Tianming's sword!
After a few breaths of time, the wind finally stopped. Hua Tianming stood with his sword, and all his aura had been completely restrained in his Corrosive Blood Sword. At this moment, except for Hua Tianming's pair of azure eyes, no one could see anything special about him.
It was as if he was just an ordinary swordsman standing there.
Although this feeling was ordinary, it brought a greater threat to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng knew very well that the power of Hua Tianming's sword would probably far surpass the power of the previous four swords combined into one.
But Luo Zheng did not have the slightest fear. At this moment, he felt that his blood was boiling, and his heart was beating twice as fast because of his excitement!
I came from a humble background, and before I stepped into the Blue Cloud Sect, my biggest dream was to see my sister. Even now, this long-cherished wish has not been fulfilled. But regarding the Martial Dao, my obsession is no less than yours, Hua Tianming. I also want to see what the peak of the Martial Dao is!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes seemed to burn with two flames. He shook his Flowing Light Sword, and sword intent bloomed like lotuses. The Heavenly Demon's True Essence mixed with bits of starlight slowly lingered on the sword.
After accumulating power for a long time, the two's sword moves once again clashed.
This time, the two people's swords were far less powerful than the previous time.
It could even be said that they were very ordinary! But it was still not comparable to the power of the previous battles between the mountain disciples.
Only two sword shadows intersected, and then the two suddenly separated. Even the sound of the two swords colliding could not be heard.
"What's going on? The thunder is big but the rain is small. I thought there was going to be another earth-shaking battle! "
"It's over? Who won in the end? Did the referee not say anything? "
"Could it be that he deliberately let them win? If so, I'm too disappointed! After waiting for so long, this was the only sword move? "
Many mountain disciples were discussing spiritedly, completely unaware of what had happened.
On the contrary, many elders, Perfected Masters, and even Pei Tianyao opened their eyes wide, looking at the battle field, their eyes full of unconcealable astonishment.