Mo Yuxin's strength lay in her talent and her bloodline.
However, in terms of foresight, she was far inferior to Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, as well as many immortals and elders.
Pei Tianyao was surprised because Pei Tianyao understood what was happening in the arena.
Mo Yuxin was not surprised because of her foresight, but because her innate Qingluan bloodline suddenly trembled in her body! Although she did not know what had happened in the arena, it was enough to make her Qingluan bloodline tremble and produce an instinctive sense of fear! Qingluan was a divine beast!
This was why Mo Yuxin was so surprised.
The reason for Pei Tianyao's surprise was naturally different from Mo Yuxin's. It was because in the moment when Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng fought, something that should not have appeared at all, something that should not have appeared in their realm.
"If I'm not mistaken, both of their swords have reached the level of perfection, or the sword intent that they stimulated at this moment has stepped into the level of perfect sword intent!" Pei Tianyao murmured, with a look of expectation on his face.
Among the hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect, only Li Yifeng stood before Pei Tianyao. Li Yifeng's identity was a bit special. In fact, he could be excluded from the ranks of the Blue Cloud Sect disciples. Therefore, Pei Tianyao could be regarded as the number one disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect.
This Peak Wide Competition did not attract too much attention from Pei Tianyao at first.
With Pei Tianyao's strength and standing at his height, the final result of this Peak Wide Competition would not be too surprising. No matter if it was the top disciples or direct disciples of the 33 peaks, no one was Pei Tianyao's opponent, and no one could even stimulate Pei Tianyao's true strength.
But …
After entering the Transmigration Competition, as Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming's strength blossomed little by little, as Luo Zheng defeated Mo Yuxin and resisted Wang Yun's Dragon Roar, and Hua Tianming displayed his unparalleled "Heavenly Sword", Pei Tianyao felt that the Peak Wide Competition had become interesting.
At the very least, he had found his opponent.
Whether it was Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming, both of them had the power to fight against him.
However, when Hua Tianming said that he had a 50% chance of winning against him, Pei Tianyao did not take it seriously.
It was not that Pei Tianyao looked down on Hua Tianming. In fact, with Hua Tianming's Xiantian Full Circle cultivation, reaching this stage and comprehending the fourth sword of the 《Heavenly Sword》 was enough to make Pei Tianyao admire him! Because when Pei Tianyao was in the Xiantian Full Circle, his strength was far inferior to the current Hua Tianming.
However, with Pei Tianyao's strength, his temperament and mentality will be very relaxed, and he will look at the problem fairly.
In his opinion, with Hua Tianming's Xiantian Full Circle cultivation, there was a possibility that he could defeat him. However, it was not a 50% chance, but a mere 30% chance.
This was already a very high evaluation, after all, Pei Tianyao's talent was not inferior to others, not to mention he had already stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm!
But at this moment, Pei Tianyao understood that his evaluation of Hua Tianming was a bit low, because he did not expect Hua Tianming to have a breakthrough and comprehend the Perfect Sword Intent during the fight with Luo Zheng!
And in Pei Tianyao's opinion, Luo Zheng's potential was greater than Hua Tianming's. This guy did not seem to have the edge of Hua Tianming, but he seemed to have a lot of cards in his hand, one after another. Facing such an opponent, Pei Tianyao, who had always been calm, did not know how to evaluate him.
Who could guarantee that Luo Zheng did not have a stronger card in his hand? This unfathomable feeling also made Pei Tianyao understand that Luo Zheng had the power to fight against him.
However, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to defeat Pei Tianyao, because Pei Tianyao's cultivation level restricted Luo Zheng's performance.
But now, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had both comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent at the same time!
Sword intent was originally a concept that was extremely difficult to comprehend.
Why was there no sound when the two of them fought? Even when Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword and Corroding Blood Sword collided, there was no sound?
It was because at that moment, both of their Sword Intents were close to perfection. The moment they comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, the Sword Intents around them appeared in a perfect posture, and under this perfect Sword Intent, even the sound of their Sword Intents would be melted away.
Therefore, it seemed that the two of them had just used an ordinary move, but it was not because the power of their move was not strong enough. The moment they comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, all the Zhen Yuan and all the imposing aura were completely erased. At this moment, only the Sword Intent could be revealed, and everything else had to give way!
Pei Tianyao looked at Luo Zheng and then looked at Hua Tianming, and then slowly closed his eyes. There was a trace of fluctuation in his heart, which was a taboo for practicing Buddhist power techniques. Even with Pei Tianyao's temperament, he had not had this kind of fluctuation in his heart for a long time.
No ups and downs, no changes, no ups and downs. Sooner or later, these two would fight against him. Pei Tianyao murmured in his heart.
"Perfect Sword Intent? Both of them? Comprehended it at the same time? "Shi Jingtian's face showed an ecstatic expression, and he could not help but rub his rough hands.
There were very few people in the world who could comprehend the Sword Intent, and those who could cultivate the Small Success Sword Intent were already considered dragons and phoenixes among men. They were destined to shine in the Eastern Region. If they could break through to the Great Success Sword Intent, they would be ranked among the top in the Blue Cloud Sect! Whether it was a Spiritual Master or an Elder, they would be very happy to accept them as their Pro-Disciples!
Hua Tianming was born in the grasslands. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect, there were many people who wanted to accept him as their Pro-Disciple. However, Hua Tianming had a strong sense of belonging in Tianyi Peak, so he was not willing to become a Pro-Disciple. Therefore, he stayed in Tianyi Peak.
Luo Zheng had also comprehended the Great Success Sword Intent, but the time he spent comprehending it was relatively short. He did not even know the sword steps, so he had to secretly learn from Hua Tianming. Naturally, he would not become a Pro-Disciple in such a short time.
The Great Success Sword Intent was enough to be highly valued by the Blue Cloud Sect, and even Shi Jingtian. This was because the potential of such a disciple was almost limitless. It was enough for Shi Jingtian to send them to the Cloud Hall.
Shi Jingtian was already very happy that he was able to find two people who had comprehended the Great Success Sword Intent in the Peak Competition.
Then, there was a problem …
How could Shi Jingtian expect that this was not the final result?
The final result was that these two people, who were already monstrous enough to make people jealous, actually comprehended the Perfect Success Sword Intent during the battle. Moreover, they comprehended it at the same time and released it at the same time!
At the moment of comprehending the Perfect Success Sword Intent, the person and the sword would be in a special state. Under that state, even the space would be shaken.
Shi Jingtian's vision was naturally much higher than Pei Tianyao's. Pei Tianyao only knew that when comprehending the Perfect Success Sword Intent, the sound and aura would be erased. However, he did not know the principle behind it.
However, Shi Jingtian knew that the sound and aura were not erased.
It was because these two little fellows were too heaven-defying. At the same time, they had comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent. The moment they comprehended it, they entered that special state and slightly dislocated the very stable space around them. It was because of this slight dislocation of space that the sound and aura were absorbed into it, which led to the bizarre scene in the arena between the two of them.
Elder Xu carefully glanced at Shi Jingtian. He saw that Shi Jingtian was like a spring breeze. Before he could say anything, Shi Jingtian laughed heartily and said, "I've picked up a treasure!"
Let's not talk about whether Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming would be able to pass the trial on the Azure Clouds Road. Just the fact that they had comprehended the Perfect Success Sword Intent was enough to make the Cloud Hall pay attention to them. Moreover, Shi Jingtian believed that whether it was Luo Zheng or Hua Tianming, both of them would perform well on the Azure Clouds Road!
Of course, Shi Jingtian's evaluation was only at the stage of "good". After all, the Azure Clouds Road was too difficult to walk on. He didn't dare to say that it was "very good". Therefore, his evaluation was still rather conservative.
After Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming exchanged blows, they immediately sat on the ground. Their comprehension was too deep. After accumulating a lot, they entered a state of epiphany.
They had peeked into the door of the Perfect Success Sword Intent and had already stepped into it. At this moment, the most important thing was to stop and stay in this door!
Therefore, it was very necessary to stabilize their comprehension.
However, this way, the spectating disciples couldn't understand what was going on.
"What the hell are they doing? This is a battle arena. Are they planning to cultivate? "
"This is really strange. After a careless sword move, they actually sat on the ground and started cultivating."
"Who won? Are they going to fight or not? "
Just as everyone was discussing, Elder Xu flew above them and softly shouted, "Shut up! Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming have entered a state of epiphany. If anyone continues to watch and make a ruckus, immediately expel them from the Blue Cloud Sect! "
After Elder Xu said this, many disciples immediately became well-behaved. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect valued the cultivation of talents, they valued the geniuses who stood out from these talents even more!
It could be said that the value of Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Mo Yuxin at the scene was equivalent to the value of hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect!
Geniuses would stand out among hundreds of thousands of disciples, and mediocre people would always be mediocre. They could only be buried gradually. The Blue Cloud Sect was very tolerant. Every disciple who entered the sect received different levels of benefits, but at the same time, it was also very cruel.
Luo Zheng had indeed entered a strange state. He closed his eyes. It should have been pitch-black and he couldn't see anything. However, at this moment, he could see a mountain.