This mountain was like a giant beast from ancient times, lying in front of Luo Zheng.
Long swords were neatly inserted into the mountain from the lowest to the highest according to a certain rule.
"These swords …"
Seeing the swords on the mountain, Luo Zheng could not help but gasp.
The swords at the foot of the mountain were not of high grade. They were all Xuan weapons, ranging from low-grade Xuan weapons to middle-grade Xuan weapons to high-grade Xuan weapons. There were all kinds of swords.
Wide-bladed swords, short-handled swords, snake-shaped swords, jade swords …
The Xuan weapons spread all the way from the foot of the mountain to the top. But when they reached the top of the mountain, they were not Xuan weapons, but Spirit weapons!
Spiritual grade swords only covered the lowest part of the mountain. Looking up, the mountainside was densely packed with Immortal grade weapons!
Low-grade Immortal weapons, middle-grade Immortal weapons, and even high-grade Immortal weapons …
Even a low-grade Immortal weapon was enough to make the warriors in the Eastern Region go crazy. Like Mo Can, a declining landowning family, and even Mo Xiuyan, a family head, did not have their own Immortal weapons!
There were many low-grade Immortal weapons in the seven major landowning families, but on average, each major landowning family only had a few at most!
Middle-grade Immortal weapons were even rarer. Only five of the seven major landowning families had one each. The Yu family of the Forbidden City and the Yun family of the Qilin did not even have one.
Each of the seven major landowning families was rich enough to rival a country. The Yu family and the Yun family's inheritance was not inferior to the other five families, but they could not get a single middle-grade Immortal weapon. One could imagine how precious middle-grade Immortal weapons were in the Eastern Region.
As for high-grade Immortal weapons engraved with three immortal patterns …
That was already a legendary thing. Maybe there were some in the Eastern Region, but they had never appeared in front of people.
The mountainside was densely packed with Immortal weapons. As far as the eye could see, there were tens of thousands of middle-grade and high-grade Immortal weapons!
So many Immortal weapons were gathered together, like free cabbages inserted into the mountain. It was easy to imagine the shock it brought to Luo Zheng.
"If I devour all of these Xuan Weapons, Spiritual Weapons, and Immortal Weapons, I'm afraid I'll be able to ignite all of Qinglong's dragon scales." Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Luo Zheng looked up along the immortal weapon, from the mountainside to a higher ridge. What kind of swords are those?
"Sacred Artifact …"
Even if it was a High Grade Immortal Weapon, it was still a Divine Weapon that people in the Eastern Region could not imagine. What about a Sacred Weapon?
What was this sword mountain?
Why did he see this mountain the moment he comprehended the perfect Sword Intent?
The mountain above the divine tool was shrouded in clouds and mist. Luo Zheng was unable to see the higher levels with his eyesight. However, if he followed this arrangement, could it be that there was a divine tool at the top of the mountain?
With Luo Zheng's current knowledge, he could still imagine the power of a divine tool. However, the concept of a divine tool was beyond his imagination. He couldn't even guess the appearance and power of a divine tool.
If one had to imagine it, it would probably be a thousand miles off the mark.
It was like the farmers in the mountains who thought that the emperor had a lot of gold, silver and jewels, so the emperor's carrying pole was also made of gold. It was very ridiculous.
He swallowed his saliva, restrained the wild thoughts in his mind, and walked toward the sword mountain. When he got close to the first magical weapon, he wanted to reach out and pull it out. However, this Low Grade magical weapon seemed to be deeply embedded in the ground, and he couldn't pull it out at all.
At first, Luo Zheng thought he didn't have enough strength. However, after trying his best, the sword was stuck in the ground, motionless …
Just then, a voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
"This is a sword from the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Even if it's a magical weapon, you can't pull it out." An old voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng was shocked, "Who are you?"
"Who am I? Hey hey, I've been in your mind for so long. Don't you know? "The voice revealed a trace of desolation and majesty.
"Qinglong? You're that Qinglong! "Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng had long suspected that Qinglong had his own consciousness. However, until now, Qinglong hadn't taken the initiative to communicate with him. It was only during the battle with Wang Yun that he let out a dragon's roar and communicated with Luo Zheng in order to obtain the flood dragon's bone.
In the end, with the help of Qinglong, Luo Zheng defeated Wang Yun and swallowed Wang Yun's dragon bone!
Therefore, strictly speaking, Luo Zheng didn't rely on his own strength to defeat Wang Yun. In fact, it was Qinglong's credit that he defeated Wang Yun. However, this comparison seemed somewhat unfair, because Wang Yun also relied on the flood dragon's bone spear in his hand.
The birth of a genius always depended on many aspects, such as strength, talent, fortuitous encounters, and luck. It was impossible to lack any of these.
"Yes, I'm that Qinglong in your mind …"
Qinglong had actually awakened from the moment Luo Zheng lit up his first dragon scale.
However, after awakening, he didn't have much spare energy to communicate with Luo Zheng. After being bound to the mysterious furnace for so many years, his soul was now extremely weak.
Although the Sky Derivation Essence could help Qinglong recover a small part of his strength, the amount was still too little. There were too many dragon scales on his body, and more than a hundred dragon scales only accounted for a small part of his strength.
Qinglong only communicated with Luo Zheng after discovering the flood dragon's bone. In fact, the flood dragon's spine couldn't catch Qinglong's attention at all. As a member of the True Dragon Clan, the flood dragon was just an ordinary demonic beast that had existed for tens of thousands of generations. The amount of dragon blood in it was too little.
However, no matter how small a mosquito's leg was, it was still meat. Moreover, Qinglong was really too weak now. If he could replenish a trace of dragon blood, he would be able to recover a little more of his strength.
After swallowing the flood dragon's spine, Qinglong finally recovered a little bit of his strength. That was why he was able to communicate with Luo Zheng now.
"Did you just say that this mountain is called the Slaughter Sword Mountain? Is this mountain in my mind? Why can't I pull out the swords on this Slaughter Sword Mountain? " Luo Zheng asked. Since the Azure Dragon was able to say the name of this sword mountain, then he must know the secret of this Sword Mountain of Slaughter.
"Hehe, the Slaughter Sword Mountain is in your mind? This Slaughter Sword Mountain is the holy land of swordsmanship. It can't belong to anyone. You're dreaming! " Qinglong smiled faintly. "When you comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, your Soul Consciousness resonated with the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Therefore, you were selected to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain to train. However, for you, this is a great opportunity! For example, your opponent today, the guy named Hua Tianming, should also be selected for another opportunity. However, compared with you, he is far inferior. To be selected to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain … Hehe. "
At this point, the Azure Dragon suddenly stopped speaking.
Since Qinglong didn't want to talk about it, Luo Zheng naturally didn't ask. What he cared about most was how to train in the Slaughter God Mountain.
As soon as he thought of this question, Qinglong continued, "This Slaughter Sword Mountain is one of the three holy lands of swordsmanship, which is the Slaughter Sword Principle! When a swordsman comprehends the Perfect Sword Essence, he has a slight chance of projecting his Soul Consciousness here and forming a contract with the Slaughter Sword Mountain. What you have to do is to climb! The swords under your feet are actually projections of the weapons left by the previous climbers. They are projections of other people's weapons. Naturally, you can't pull them out! "
"These swords were all left by other people?" Luo Zheng didn't understand until now that the dense long swords on the Slaughter Sword Mountain were left by other swordsmen.
"There's nothing strange about that. The size of this world far surpasses your imagination. There are probably trillions of creatures that cultivate the way of the sword. Since you were able to obtain such a great opportunity and set foot on the Slaughter Sword Mountain, others will naturally be able to as well. How far you can climb up will depend on your own ability," the Azure Dragon said slowly.
"Climbing up? What's so difficult about that?" Although the Slaughter Sword Mountain emitted a strong aura, it was only a mountain after all.
"Hehe, whether it's difficult or not, you'll know when you try. However, I must remind you that the higher you climb the Slaughtering Swords Mountain, the more benefits you will obtain. This is a rare opportunity, so you must take advantage of it! "Azure Dragon's voice fell silent after he finished speaking. It seemed that he wanted to see Luo Zheng's performance.
The higher you climb, the more benefits you will get?
Looking at the dense long swords, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The Flowing Light Sword appeared in his hand, and he stepped towards the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Before Luo Zheng could take two steps, several low-grade Xuan Weapons in front of him suddenly began to vibrate. Then, several Sword Essences shot out from these swords and swept towards Luo Zheng.
"These Sword Essences come from the masters of these low-grade Xuan Weapons! Their strength … is it the Marrow Refining Realm? "Luo Zheng was shocked.
According to Qinglong, there was a slight chance to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain when one comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence. Moreover, not every swordsman had the opportunity to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain when they comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence.
Luo Zheng had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence when he was only at the Xiantian second stage, but someone was even more terrifying.
The Perfect Sword Essence of the Marrow Refining Realm?
Luo Zheng was extremely shocked. This kind of genius didn't exist in the Eastern Domain, nor in the Central Domain. He was afraid that even in the Great Thousand World, it would be difficult to find such a genius!
This was too monstrous!
Although he was shocked, Luo Zheng didn't feel the slightest bit depressed.
The world was never fair!
It was just like when Luo Zheng was 15 years old and in front of a cage, those descendants of landowning households were able to eat supreme pills, cultivate heaven-step cultivation methods, and use spirit artifacts that even the Patriarchs of ordinary families could not afford to use!
However, these people were still overtaken by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng even left them far behind.
The road of martial arts was long and arduous. To be able to cultivate a perfect sword intent at the Marrow Refining Realm might seem unattainable to Luo Zheng, but when he thought about the descendants of those super mighty existences who had supreme bloodlines and were born with talents that others could only dream of, perhaps a single meal they ate would be equal to all of Luo Zheng's current wealth!
Looking back, this wasn't a big deal!
If I don't have such a good birth, I will strive for it step by step!
"Break for me!"
＝＝＝＝＝