Facing the sword intent of those low-grade Xuan weapons, Luo Zheng's Flowing-light Long Sword flashed a bright silver light, which instantly shattered those sword intents.
After shattering those sword intents, Luo Zheng continued to go up.
At this time, the sword intents Luo Zheng faced came from middle-grade Xuan weapons. The sword intents contained in middle-grade Xuan weapons were more powerful than those in low-grade Xuan weapons.
However, under Luo Zheng's sword intents, they were still shattered into pieces.
Luo Zheng walked on the road at the foot of the mountain very easily. The sword intents released from these Xuan weapons could not stop Luo Zheng at all.
Every time Luo Zheng shattered the sword intent in a sword, those swords would be obedient and stop humming. At the same time, those swords emitted a little light spots like fireflies, which rushed toward Luo Zheng's body.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng tried to avoid those light spots. However, after trying for a while, he could not avoid them at all. Moreover, these light spots did not cause him any harm, so Luo Zheng stopped trying to avoid them.
"What are these light spots?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hehe, these specks of light are the spirit of the sword. They contain a trace of spirituality within the sword. They are the embryonic form of the Sword Nascent Soul. However, these low-grade and mid-grade profound weapons contain too little sword spirit. Many little drops make a mickle. When you accumulate enough sword spirit, your sword will give birth to a Sword Nascent Soul!" Azure Dragon said.
So that was it …
It seemed that the more sword intents he killed, the more sword spirits he would get.
The Slaughter Sword Mountain was not big. In less than half an hour, Luo Zheng had already cut down countless low-grade Xuan weapons and middle-grade Xuan weapons' sword intents. When he reached the foot of the mountain, Luo Zheng had already encountered high-grade Xuan weapons.
These high-grade Xuan weapons, or the sword intents of high-grade Xuan weapons, were still not too difficult to kill. It was just that the sword intents were slightly thicker or sharper.
He strode forward step by step. The Flowing-light Long Sword in his hand was like a silver-white waterfall, which constantly surrounded him and strangled him.
"Buzz …"
"Buzz …"
The sword intents were chopped into pieces one by one, and the long swords succumbed to his feet. The colorful light spots of the sword spirit fiercely hit him.
From the foot of the mountain to the mountainside, Luo Zheng gradually reached the area of high-grade Xuan weapons from the low-grade Xuan weapons. Gradually, he approached the mountainside.
"This Slaughter Sword Mountain is not as hard to climb as I thought," Luo Zheng said indifferently as he approached the mountainside.
Perhaps it was because Azure Dragon had spoken too confidently before, but after hearing Luo Zheng's words, Azure Dragon chuckled and said, "That's because for you, the lowest realm of each sword's owner is perfect sword intent. It's just that your sword intent is too full, so it's relatively easy for you to climb. However, although your sword intent is full and sharp, your limit should be the mountainside. This is your first time climbing the Slaughter Sword Mountain, so this result is not bad."
It was still passable …
Luo Zheng silently digested Azure Dragon's evaluation in his heart. It seemed that his results were barely passable.
But Luo Zheng did not intend to stab the sword here. He had to test his limit! How far was he qualified to stab the sword?
"Buzz —"
Just as he reached the middle of the mountain, a sword in front of him suddenly let out a sharp cry.
"An Immortal Weapon?" Luo Zheng stared at a Zi Qing colored sword not far away. The hilt of the sword was engraved with an Immortal Pattern. It was a low-grade Immortal Weapon.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the Azulet sword would be the same as before, with sword intent surging out from it. However, he quickly realized that he was wrong.
The shadow of a purple-haired girl gushed out of the Immortal Weapon. The purple-haired girl looked extremely beautiful, but she did not have a physical body. Instead, she was faint like a soul. She stretched out her hand, and the Zi Qing colored sword on the ground rose from the ground. She held the long sword and slashed at Luo Zheng.
"What … what is this thing? There is a soul on the Slaughter Sword Mountain? "Luo Zheng asked with a strange face.
"This is not a soul! It is just a mature Sword Spirit. Kill her and you will get more Sword Spirits! "Qinglong said again.
Luo Zheng looked carefully. The purple-haired girl's shadow was not angry at all. Her face was basically expressionless. If it was a human soul, it would be consistent with the human and have emotions. This was obviously not a soul. It seemed that Qinglong was right. She was the Sword Spirit.
"Break!"
"Ding, ding, ding!"
Luo Zheng casually slashed three times. To Luo Zheng's surprise, the purple-haired girl's swordsmanship was exquisite. She used a very gorgeous swordsmanship to easily block Luo Zheng's three slashes.
Not only that, but after blocking Luo Zheng's three slashes, she actually counterattacked Luo Zheng with her sword!
The purple-haired girl's swordsmanship was extremely mysterious and exquisite. Although the Sword Spirit released was not as strong as Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng had to deal with it seriously.
"Hang Sword, Lift Sword, Chop Sword!"
He attacked with three basic swordsmanship moves. Although they were simple swordsmanship, they contained the most simple Great Dao.
"Puchi!"
The first two moves parried the purple-haired girl's sword. The last move directly cut her into pieces.
After the purple-haired girl was cut into pieces, the sword in her hand was inserted back into its original position. Those pieces turned into purple light spots and entered Luo Zheng's body.
The Sword Spirit contained in this Immortal Weapon was dozens of times more than the Sword Spirits in the previous Spiritual Weapons!
Luo Zheng was also a low-grade Immortal Weapon, but he did not condense a Sword Spirit in the Flowing Light Longsword. As for this Sword Spirit in human form, it was even more impossible. The origin of this low-grade Immortal Weapon's owner must be extraordinary.
After looking at the purple-haired sword for a while, Luo Zheng stepped over it and continued to move forward.
After reaching the Immortal Weapon level, the pressure Luo Zheng faced began to increase sharply.
The owner who could use an Immortal Weapon as a weapon was generally not below Luo Zheng in terms of cultivation and realm. Their means were no longer simple Sword Intent.
For example, the violet-haired young woman within the violet-green sword was only the beginning. Later on, all sorts of Sword Spirits of all shapes and sizes emerged from the various Immortal Artifacts.
Tigers, pythons, crocodiles, and even dragons. All kinds of strange Sword Spirits appeared.
The difficulty of dealing with these Sword Spirits gradually increased, and Luo Zheng's consumption also increased. When facing low-grade Immortal Weapons, Luo Zheng could control about three moves. But when facing middle-grade Immortal Weapons, he often needed more than ten moves, or even dozens of moves. Therefore, his climbing pace gradually slowed down.
"Little guy, do you feel the difficulty now?" Qinglong said with a faint smile, "The higher you go, the more difficult it will be. But it's already good that you can reach the mountainside. As long as you insert your sword into the mountainside, you will be able to connect with the Massacre God Mountain, which will bring you endless benefits!"
"Insert my sword into the mountainside?" Luo Zheng raised his head and looked ahead. After breaking through the mountainside, he would reach the ridge. The swords inserted into the ridge were Divine Weapons! The strength of the experts who held these Divine Weapons was far greater than Luo Zheng's. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he was like a small ant in front of these experts, who could be easily crushed.
"I want to insert my sword into the ridge!" Luo Zheng's face showed a resolute look, as if he had made up his mind!
The higher the sword was inserted, the closer the connection with the Massacre Sword Mountain, and the greater the benefits. Everyone wanted to insert their sword into the mountain!
"The ridge? Heh heh … "Qinglong laughed and then said," That's impossible. With your current strength, I'm afraid you can't even reach the mountainside. The Sword Intent in the Upper-Grade Immortal Weapon is stronger than yours, and the ridge is the world of Divine Weapons. You can't defeat the strength of the people who have Divine Weapons. "
"Then I'll give it a try." Luo Zheng's stubbornness and unwillingness to admit defeat rose up again.
"Alas, then I'll give it a try." Qinglong had actually expected Luo Zheng to say this. He had been awake in Luo Zheng's mind for a long time. Although he had been in a dormant state most of the time, he had observed Luo Zheng's temperament. This guy's martial arts heart was comparable to a boulder. It was incomparably hard, far beyond that of ordinary people.
However, in the end, this world was all about strength. Sometimes, no matter how strong your heart was, the bloody reality would teach you how cruel it could be.
Moreover, the rules of the Massacre God Mountain were very powerful. Even Qinglong couldn't help Luo Zheng. He could only rely on himself.
In this case, how could Luo Zheng surpass the Immortal Weapon grade and set foot on the ridge?
"Hey! There's a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon! " Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He actually found a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon on the ridge. The sword hilt looked very ordinary, like a standard military sword. There was nothing special about it.
However, the two words "Yao Ye" were engraved on the sword hilt.
"Look, why can't I insert the Immortal Weapon into the ridge? He inserted a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon into the ridge! "Luo Zheng pointed at the Low-Grade Xuan Weapon and said.
Surrounding the Profound Artifact were Immortal Grade Treasured Swords, so they were especially eye-catching.
Qinglong was also stunned. He then smiled faintly and said, "So that's how it is. The Yao Ye Clan, hehe … it's not surprising that they can insert a Low-Grade Xuan Weapon into the ridge."
"Yao Ye Clan?" Luo Zheng only saw the two words on the sword hilt. He didn't understand what they meant.
"The Yao Ye Clan is completely different from you humans. In other words, they've surpassed most other clans. They're the most terrifying clan! Their clan hasn't even been born yet. They've been cultivating in their mother's womb since birth. The density of their blood and Qi and the strength of their bodies are equivalent to your human's Xiantian Mystic Realm. In other words, they're born as Xiantian lifeforms, "Qinglong said with a faint smile.
"Born as Xiantian lifeforms …" Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air.
Countless human cultivators trained hard for dozens of years in order to break through to the Xiantian Mystic Realm. However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that there would be a clan in this world that was born as Xiantian lifeforms.
Wasn't this too abnormal?