Qinglong shook his head and sighed. "The world is huge and filled with all sorts of strange things. It's far beyond your imagination. If you really step foot onto the peak of the Martial Dao, then you'll naturally be able to understand a thing or two. But … it's too difficult. Even a clan as freakish as the Night Demon Clan is nothing in the entire large world."
A clan as powerful as that was nothing in the entire large world?
Qinglong realized that he had gone a bit too far. He immediately said, "But even though humans are naturally weak, their achievements are still extremely shocking. Don't be discouraged. With your talent, Karmic Luck, and …" Cang Long hesitated for a moment. He originally wanted to mention the mysterious furnace, but he held himself back and changed his words. "You still have a chance to step foot onto the peak."
At this moment, Qinglong noticed that Luo Zheng's eyes were shining brightly. It was as if there were stars hidden within them. Clearly, he was filled with anticipation for the future challenges!
This kid isn't listening to me at all ….
A trace of depression actually arose in Qinglong's heart.
As a member of the True Dragon Clan that had existed since time immemorial, Qinglong didn't know how long it had been since he last felt depressed.
In the end, Qinglong could only shake his enormous head. Perhaps he had truly underestimated this young man.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng gazed at the profound artifact left behind by the Night Demon Clan and said, "Qinglong, I'm from a very humble background. Even though I've made some achievements in the Blue Cloud Sect, I won't be complacent or arrogant. Moreover, I won't stop and enjoy life! We humans have a saying. Even if there are millions of enemies, I will still press forward! Even if there are millions of enemies, I will still press forward! "
Only millions of enemies? Qinglong was just about to refute.
Luo Zheng immediately said, "Of course not. I'm going to challenge countless powerful beings in this world. It could be millions, billions, or even billions of geniuses!"
Since ancient times, those who achieved great things didn't just have extraordinary talents, they also had tenacious wills!
As Luo Zheng grew, he encountered numerous shocking geniuses. His horizons grew wider and wider. Zhou Da, Wang Yun, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao ….
The stronger the opponent, the more determined he was to reach the peak of martial arts!
To Qinglong, Luo Zheng's current strength was like an ant, or even less than an ant. However, the determination and momentum that erupted from his body made Qinglong's heart tremble.
"This little guy is really interesting. If that's the case, I'd like to wake up Third Brother and discuss it with him. Let's wait and see," Qinglong thought to himself. The nine True Dragons came from the same source! There was a great reason why they had turned into statues and guarded the mysterious furnace. Unintentionally, the mysterious furnace had entered Luo Zheng's mind, and the nine true dragons had naturally entered together with it.
In the beginning, Qinglong didn't have a high opinion of Luo Zheng. From Qinglong's point of view, Luo Zheng was average in every aspect. But later, Qinglong was surprised to find that this teenager's progress was completely beyond his expectations.
With Luo Zheng's current talent, it was enough for him to receive a good evaluation from Qinglong.
As an ancient being, Qinglong had seen too many shocking geniuses. To be able to receive a "good" evaluation from Qinglong was enough to prove Luo Zheng's talent. More importantly, Qinglong discovered that this kid's potential was constantly increasing. Perhaps, Qinglong didn't know when he would stop using "good" to evaluate Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. Instead, he continued to walk forward!
When Luo Zheng approached the Night Demon Clan's low-grade Mystic-class treasure sword, that extremely ordinary treasure sword suddenly erupted with a sharp sword intent! That sword intent was surging with killing intent. It was like a god of death as it ruthlessly chopped down at Luo Zheng's head.
"There's no sword spirit? That's right. According to Qinglong, the Night Demon Clan is indeed powerful, but it's impossible to train a sword spirit out of a low-grade Mystic-class treasure. However, even without a sword spirit, this sword intent is far superior to other sword intents! "
Facing this murderous sword intent, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate in the slightest. The phoenix crystal in his right hand suddenly activated, and the flowing light sword in his hand turned into a silver sword flower, each flower containing a sharp sword intent.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding …"
After slashing out ten times in an instant, Luo Zheng finally shattered that murderous sword intent.
Even so, the Night Demon Clan's longsword still hummed madly for a while, as if it was unwilling to give up, but in the end, it calmed down, and then a blood red sword spirit escaped from it.
This sword spirit was very small, only the size of a grain of rice. It was far smaller than the sword spirits from before. After Luo Zheng killed the mature sword spirits, there were usually hundreds or thousands of sword spirits, and each sword spirit was much larger than this blood red sword spirit.
However, when this rice-sized sword spirit shot into Luo Zheng's body, he immediately felt a special change.
This rice-sized sword spirit was filled with a murderous aura, and this murderous aura quickly infected the sword spirits that Luo Zheng had obtained before.
Originally, the sword spirits that Luo Zheng had obtained were of various colors. Each color was different, and it was difficult for them to fuse with each other. Therefore, they could only be stored in Luo Zheng's body, and Luo Zheng was unable to use them.
However, when the blood red sword spirit shot into Luo Zheng's body, it contained a powerful murderous aura that infected all the sword spirits.
The color of the sword spirits began to change.
Whether it was the black sword spirits, the yellow sword spirits, or the blue sword spirits, they all gradually turned red, and at the same time, they began to fuse with each other. As these sword spirits fused together, they began to slowly change shape, and finally took the shape of a human …
"This is … the transformation of a sword spirit!" The big Qinglong in Luo Zheng's mind was slightly moved. In this world, there were too few things that could move a true dragon. Of course, this Qinglong was not moved by Luo Zheng's strength, but by the fact that Luo Zheng was able to transform a sword spirit in such a short time.
Even Qinglong, who had seen countless geniuses, could not accept this at this moment. Wasn't this too fast? Why was this happening? This was impossible …
Luo Zheng had indeed absorbed a lot of sword spirits on his way up from the Slaughter Sword Mountain. However, it was a long process to fuse these sword spirits together. This had nothing to do with talent, because a sword spirit was a sword spirit. Cultivating a sword spirit was a path that no swordsman could avoid, and it was destined to be long and boring.
It continued to absorb, fuse, absorb, and fuse again. Every time it fused, it would take years until the Sword Spirit matured.
However, how long had it been for Luo Zheng?
He had just reached the mountainside of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, and he had already fused with a sword spirit?
The incomparably huge Qinglong leaned against the wall of the mysterious furnace, silently observing the fusion of the sword spirits in Luo Zheng's body.
Previously, it had constantly attacked Luo Zheng, because no matter how excellent Luo Zheng's performance was, it would be difficult for him to enter Qinglong's eyes. After all, the geniuses it had met could not be described as human beings. However, at this moment, the rapid fusion of the sword spirits finally surprised it.
Being able to surprise a true dragon was enough to make Luo Zheng proud. However, at this moment, he was not in the mood to pay attention to Qinglong. He was concentrating on the changes in his body.
The sword spirits gradually fused into the shape of a human body. Slowly, a head, a torso, arms, legs appeared …
At first, the shape was very vague, as if it was made by an unskilled apprentice, but soon, the specific shape became clearer and clearer.
The first thing that appeared was the chest. The originally flat chest slowly swelled up, forming a towering chest. Luo Zheng was immediately stunned.
"Ah, how did this sword spirit turn into such a shape?"
He was indeed frightened by this strange change. Soon after, the arm became thinner and thinner, turning into an arm as thick as a lotus root. This sword spirit finally transformed into an exquisite woman. After the entire body transformed, her clothes, appearance, and eyes were also completed.
This woman was very beautiful, but her eyes were as sharp as a knife. She looked like a volcano that was about to erupt. Although she was transformed from a sword spirit, she still maintained her eyebrows to the greatest extent. Moreover, the murderous aura emitted from her body was exactly the same as that of the rice-sized sword spirit!
"What the hell is going on? I have never seen this woman before. Why did my sword spirit turn into such a shape? "Luo Zheng was very puzzled.
Staring blankly at this beautiful sword spirit, Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out no matter how hard he tried …
If he had to choose the shape of the Sword Spirit, he certainly wouldn't choose to transform the Sword Spirit into a woman. That would be too awkward. The problem was that the Sword Spirit Transformation was different from the True Essence Transformation. The True Essence Transformation relied on one's own visualization to transform the shape. When someone cultivated halfway or felt that their True Essence Transformation wasn't good enough, they could even give up and re-visualize it. This wasn't a big deal, and many people had done this before.
However, the transformation of a sword spirit wasn't something one could choose. One had to contain many sword spirits in one's body and mature them at a specific time! The shape of a sword spirit wasn't something one could control.
Seeing Luo Zheng's confused look, Qinglong laughed.
"Qinglong, what the hell is going on?" Luo Zheng asked.
"If I'm not wrong, the woman your sword spirit transformed into should be the owner of the long sword left behind by the Demon Night Clan," Qinglong said lightly.
"Ah? No way … "Luo Zheng turned pale with fright." The Demon Night Clan? Aren't they not considered humans? How could they look like this? Even more beautiful than humans? "
No matter how one looked at it, the woman the sword spirit had transformed into was close to perfection according to human standards of beauty!
Luo Zheng had fought against the Demon Race before. At the same time, he had also seen the Demon Race. Compared to the Demon Race, Luo Zheng could barely accept the appearance of the Demon Race. As for the Demon Race he had encountered in White Emperor City, they were a bit too terrifying. If a timid person saw them, they would probably have nightmares!
When he heard Qinglong mention the Demon Night Clan, Luo Zheng thought that there was a "Demon Race" in it. He thought that this race looked like the Demon Race, with a few more pairs of eyes and a few more mouths.