No matter how one looked at it, this woman was perfect.
However, Luo Zheng noticed that there was a slight difference between this woman and a human. For example, her ears.
Her ears were long and slender, and the top of her ears were sharp, a little like a cat's ears. It was because of this that she looked special. Her legs were more slender than the legs of ordinary human women, and their proportions were more perfect.
"Who said that only the human race can look like this? The Demon Night Clan has always looked like humans. From their perspective, humans look very similar to them, "Qinglong said slowly.
"This woman should still be alive, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The owner of every sword on the Slaughter Sword Mountain is still alive. If someone dies, their sword will sink into the depths of the Slaughter Sword Mountain." Qinglong nodded. "Since this woman's sword is here, she must exist somewhere in this world."
When Luo Zheng heard Qinglong's words, he looked at the Sword Spirit with a strange expression.
In other words, he had inexplicably transformed the Sword Spirit into a woman from the Demon Night Clan. He wondered what would happen if he happened to meet this woman in the future.
Of course, the probability of this happening was very small.
According to the Azure Dragon, the Yaowe Clan wasn't in the Great Thousand World that Luo Zheng resided in at all.
"Since this Sword Spirit is from the Demon Night Clan, I'll give her a name. She'll be called Demon Night!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's strength had increased to a certain extent by cultivating a Sword Spirit so quickly. At the very least, she could become his assistant and help him advance further on the Slaughter Sword Mountain!
This Sword Spirit was connected to Luo Zheng's mind. However, she didn't have her own thoughts and was completely under Luo Zheng's control.
She could appear in front of Luo Zheng with a single thought from Luo Zheng! From a certain perspective, she could be said to be a clone of Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng gave her a sword, it would be equivalent to having two Luo Zheng in battle.
However, the greatest use of a sword spirit was not to fight with a sword.
Some dual-sword sword techniques required the assistance of a sword spirit, but Luo Zheng wouldn't consider it under normal circumstances. Instead, he would use her to fuse with his Flowing Light Sword.
After Yao Ye merged with Lightstream, a strand of faint red light appeared on the surface of Lightstream, and the red light emanated a strong aura of slaughter.
"This mountain is called the Divine Massacre Mountain. It should be leaning towards the Massacre Sword Dao! I wasn't given a choice of Sword Dao, but I unknowingly walked on the Sword Dao of Slaughter, "Luo Zheng thought to himself as he looked at the Flowing Light Sword that was emitting a murderous aura.
Killing was not a bad thing. The most important way to show justice was to kill to stop killing. That was the true meaning of the Slaughter Sword Dao.
After finishing his preparations, Luo Zheng crossed the Night Demon Clan's long sword and continued on his way.
Enveloped by Yao Ye's Sword Intent, the might of the Flowing Light Sword increased by at least 40%! Luo Zheng was instantly unstoppable when facing the mature Sword Spirits on the mountainside that was filled with Immortal Artifacts. Not only did his speed not decrease, it even increased!
He'd unknowingly arrived at the end of the mountainside, and a path that led to the mountain ridge appeared before him.
At this moment, there was a blue sword stabbed into the ground in front of Luo Zheng.
The sword was very gorgeous. Its hilt was covered in black silk, and there were five colored tassels at the end of the hilt. The design of the hilt was complicated and beautiful.
At the bottom of the sword hilt, the body of the sword flickered with a faint blue light. On the surface of the sword, there were specks of ice crystals dancing.
This was the first time Luo Zheng had laid eyes on a Saint Artifact.
Luo Zheng understood that this was not a real Saint Artifact. This low-grade Saint Artifact was just a projection, and the real sword was in the hands of its master.
When Luo Zheng approached, the low-grade Saint Artifact Sword suddenly trembled, and then the whole sword was pulled out of the ground. Immediately, a light blue figure condensed from the sword and pointed the sword at Luo Zheng.
"It's the same as an immortal artifact. It's just a sword spirit at the mature stage. At most, this low-grade sacred artifact is much stronger than an immortal artifact." Luo Zheng raised the Flowing Light Sword, which was glowing with red light, and aimed it at the blue figure, ready to kill it at any time.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to make a move, he discovered something strange.
It seemed that the Sword Spirit in front of him was different from the previous Sword Spirits.
The Sword Spirit in front of him was not a simple inanimate object. There seemed to be a trace of spirituality hidden in it, and it could even speak.
"Well, a Xiantian second stage junior actually broke into the ridge of the Massacre God Mountain?" The blue figure suddenly said.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and stood with his sword in hand, "You are a Sword Spirit, so why can you speak? It seems that your Sword Spirit also contains a trace of soul. "
At this moment, Luo Zheng also felt very strange. Before, he had beheaded so many mature Sword Spirits, but all of them were dull. Although they could display mysterious sword moves, but in the end, they were no match for Luo Zheng, because they did not have any wisdom.
But the blue figure in front of him could not only speak, but also be surprised. Obviously, there was a trace of soul hidden in this blue figure that could think independently.
"I can't figure out how a Xiantian second stage human could cross the mountainside and come here." There was even a trace of a frown on the blue figure's face, "But that's it. Your sword will be inserted here, there is no place for you to go further up."
Everyone wanted to insert their sword at a higher position.
Because the higher the sword was inserted, the more resources one could obtain from the Massacre Sword Mountain!
But the resources of the Massacre Sword Mountain were limited, and this was exactly the same as the Blue Cloud Sect Luo Zheng was in.
Therefore, those Xuan Tools, Spirit Tools, and Immortal Tools at the foot of the mountain would release their Sword Intent to obstruct the climbers. Only by climbing step by step with one's own strength could one reach a higher position and obtain more resources for oneself.
Hearing the blue figure's words, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and his complexion slightly sank.
Since he had the opportunity to enter the Massacre Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng's goal was to reach his own limit and climb to a higher position as much as possible.
With great difficulty, he had relied on his own comprehension of the Sword Spirit to cross the mountainside and was ready to continue climbing, but how could this be possible?
Even if it was a low-grade Sage tool, Luo Zheng's strength in the real world was far from being able to defeat this person. It could even be said that in the real world, even Shi Jingtian, the leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, might not be this person's opponent.
But in the Massacre Sword Mountain, this guy only had one sword and was relying on his own Sword Spirit and a wisp of his soul …
How could Luo Zheng back down?
"I don't intend to insert my sword here. My goal is to reach a higher position," Luo Zheng said.
The blue figure's face revealed a trace of a smile, "A higher position? You? My goal is the summit of the mountain! In the end, because of my lack of strength, I still have to insert my sword here. Do you think you can pass me? "
"You will know if you try." Since it was just a wisp of his soul, Luo Zheng didn't need to talk nonsense with him, so he immediately attacked.
The blue figure slightly smiled and said, "It is indeed surprising that a Xiantian second stage Xuan Master could reach this place, and you even have your own Sword Spirit. Is this your first time entering the Massacre Sword Mountain? I, the Ice Sword Celestial Master, admire your talent, but it is useless because my cultivation and realm are much higher than yours. My comprehension of the sword is also not something you can compare with! "
Then, the blue figure recovered his sword and chopped towards Luo Zheng.
"Ding!"
Luo Zheng and the blue figure exchanged blows.
It was reasonable to say that Luo Zheng's Low-Grade Fairy Weapon was not qualified to collide with a Divine Weapon, because the toughness and strength of the sword were not on the same level.
However, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was attached with a layer of Sword Spirit, which could greatly enhance the strength of the Flowing Light Sword, which was enough for Luo Zheng's Fairy Weapon to confront a Divine Weapon head-on.
The blue figure exclaimed again, "Strange, your swordsmanship seems to be the Basic Swordsmanship … No, it seems to have been improved! How is that possible? Has it been simplified to this extent? "
The blue figure's face became very shocked, as if he couldn't understand the swordsmanship displayed by Luo Zheng at all.
Every person who inserted his sword into the Massacre Sword Mountain could be called a genius in Sword Tao.
Of course, there were differences as well. For example, some people had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain when they had comprehended the complete sword intent for the first time, while some had gone one step further and comprehended a higher level of sword intent before entering the mountain for the second time.
Among these people, there were many sword fanatics and sword fans, so they naturally had a strong interest in various kinds of swordsmanship.
Obviously, the "Basic Swordsmanship" displayed by Luo Zheng had immediately attracted the blue figure's attention.
"Interesting, interesting, the Basic Swordsmanship unexpectedly has this kind of power. The world is really big, nothing is too strange. Moreover, it was learned by a junior of Xiantian second stage. With such a wonderful Basic Swordsmanship, no wonder he could pass through the mountainside!" The blue figure waved the sword in his hand, "But I won't let you pass, the top position is too crowded!"
"You always talk about Xiantian second stage. So what if your strength is high in the real world? You are now just a wisp of soul and Sword Spirit. I also have Sword Spirit, but the problem is that I am still here, are you sure you can stop me? " Luo Zheng sneered and used the "Piercing Sword" technique. He didn't want to listen to the blue figure's chatter and wanted to shatter his Sword Spirit along with his soul.
"Arrogant junior, I have lived for hundreds of years and practiced the sword for hundreds of years. My understanding of Sword Tao has long exceeded your imagination. It is enough to stop you!" The sword in the blue silhouette's hand suddenly flashed with a blue light, and a cold current surged out from his sword. The moment the cold current wrapped around the sword, an extremely sharp aura began to gather on the tip of his sword.
"After hundreds of years, you still stopped at the edge of the mountain ridge. Your strength is only so-so!" Luo Zheng suddenly urged the Sword Spirit of the Moon Demon Sword. At this moment, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was suddenly stained with a strong murderous aura.
It was as if the aura came from hell.
＝＝＝＝＝