The murderous aura was also known as murderous aura.
Some soldiers and bandits who licked the blood on their blades would exude a thick murderous aura with every move they made. It was because they had killed too many people that they were tainted with this murderous aura.
The strong murderous aura was very powerful. If it was on the battlefield, it could even confuse people's minds.
However, if the murderous aura was too strong, it would affect people's cultivation. At the critical moment, it could even create inner demons that would trap people and make them sink into the endless path of slaughter, unable to extricate themselves.
Once, in the Yu Family of the Seven Major Clans of the Eastern Region, there was a young man who cultivated the Path of Slaughter. His name was Yu Qingcheng. As he cultivated the Path of Slaughter, his character became more and more cruel, and his means became more and more vicious. He casually killed countless people.
In the beginning, the Yu Family still protected Yu Qingcheng. After all, this was an era where strength reigned supreme. The Path of Slaughter was very obvious and powerful. According to Yu Qingcheng's growth rate, he would soon become the pillar of the Yu Family. Therefore, they allowed Yu Qingcheng to kill as he pleased.
However, as Yu Qingcheng's murderous intent grew stronger and stronger, he actually killed two people of the Yu Family during a mission. At that time, the Yu Family realized that Yu Qingcheng had gone crazy. He had been completely dominated by the murderous aura and had become a supreme killing machine.
However, it was already too late. With the Yu Family's strength, it was impossible to get rid of Yu Qingcheng. They could only join forces with the Seven Major Clans to encircle and annihilate Yu Qingcheng. However, those who encircled and annihilated Yu Qingcheng were basically dead souls under his blade, which increased his murderous aura even more.
Later, as Yu Qingcheng became stronger and stronger, he finally alarmed the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect immediately issued a kill order, sending ten Sages and three elders to hunt Yu Qingcheng down.
Under the pursuit of so many experts, Yu Qingcheng was lucky enough to escape.
At that time, Yu Qingcheng was simply a murderous demon in the Eastern Region. As he fled, he indiscriminately killed the innocent. No matter which county he fled to, he would wash them with blood with his blade to cultivate his murderous aura.
This person became a nightmare in the Eastern Region.
When the Blue Cloud Sect was at their wit's end, people discovered that Yu Qingcheng had disappeared. No one knew where he went or why he suddenly disappeared into thin air.
Many people guessed that Yu Qingcheng had gone into hiding or was cultivating in a hidden corner.
After three years, there was no news of Yu Qingcheng. But one day, three years later, a woodcutter in the Weishui County, unexpectedly found Yu Qingcheng's. as as well as the blade of his blade that was stained with countless blood... was Yu Qingcheng's.
...... of the world of the world.... was the world......... as the world was the world as. as the world of the world world. a world of the world.
In this world, everything was relative. The Dao of Slaughter allowed one's cultivation to progress at a godly speed. What was even more frightening was that it was extremely powerful. However, if one accumulated too much slaughter, they would fall into the cycle of karma and retribution!
.... of to to to to to him. to to to be....... was also......
Luo Zheng didn't cultivate the Slaughter Sword Dao. But when he comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, he inadvertently entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain. This was also a choice of fate.
Or rather, the God of Fate hinted to Luo Zheng that sooner or later, he would embark on the Slaughter Sword Mountain. That was why he was arranged to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
The Slaughter Sword Mountain was a holy land for swordsmen. It was one of the three holy lands of the Sword Dao.
Only a few lucky people were selected to enter the holy land of the Sword Dao. This meant that the Slaughter Sword Mountain was very useful.
As long as a swordsman inserted his sword into the Slaughter Sword Mountain, he would be able to establish a connection with it. He would be able to release his murderous aura and store it in the Slaughter Sword Mountain. In this way, he wouldn't suffer from the backlash of the murderous aura when cultivating!
Moreover, when a swordsman needed the murderous aura, he could retrieve it from the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
From this point of view, the Slaughter Sword Mountain was somewhat similar to the ticket stores in the Eastern Domain. However, the ticket stores stored square crystals, while the Slaughter Sword Mountain could store murderous aura.
However, according to the rules of the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the higher the sword was inserted, the greater the share of murderous aura!
It had to be known that murderous aura was a very practical thing. It was also known as evil aura. It was very useful when activating many cultivation methods. It could increase one's power by several times. And when cultivating some special cultivation methods that specialized in using evil aura, it could have a miraculous effect.
For example, if one portion of evil aura could double the power of a cultivation method, then two portions of evil aura could double the power, and ten portions of evil aura could double the power.
However, there was always a limit to the amount of evil aura that could be stored in the body of an ordinary person who cultivated the Slaughter Dao. Moreover, one had to be on guard against the backlash of the evil aura at any time to prevent cultivation deviation.
Therefore, walking the Slaughter Dao was a double-edged sword! Although its power was boundless, it could cause harm to oneself at any time.
However, a swordsman who entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain could store his own evil aura into the sword mountain! In this way, one could avoid the harm caused by the evil aura. This was the biggest function of the Slaughter Sword Mountain! It was also the reason why the Slaughter Sword Mountain could become the holy land of the Sword Dao!
The higher the sword was inserted, the more evil aura one could store!
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Being able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain was already a great opportunity. He did not know when he would be able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain again. Even if he broke through to the next level of sword essence, he would not be able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Take the Ice Sword Celestial Being for example. Perhaps his current strength was very strong. It was reasonable to say that he should not have inserted his divine tool at the edge of the mountain. However, he was not able to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Therefore, his divine tool could only be firmly inserted at the edge of the mountain and could not be inserted any further.
Therefore, this time, Luo Zheng had to insert his sword higher.
Facing the attack of the Spirit of the Divine Tool, Luo Zheng did not show any mercy.
People who had Divine Tools were all big shots who could dominate a region. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, the Ice Sword Celestial Being's strength might be on par with the high and mighty Lord of the Cloud Hall.
Even if there was only the Sword Spirit and a wisp of his soul in the Divine Tool, Luo Zheng had all his fighting capacity, it would not be easy to defeat him.
"Ice Seal the World! Watch me freeze you into an ice cube! "
The wisp of the Ice Sword Celestial Being's soul controlled the Sword Spirit to stab at Luo Zheng. With this stab, Luo Zheng suddenly felt an extremely cold feeling. Even his consciousness seemed to have slowed down. The surrounding space was filled with biting cold, and there were pieces of visible ice crystals in the biting cold.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of fire. His body could resist the burning of many flames, but he did not have a good way to deal with the cold. In this space, Luo Zheng's speed was greatly reduced, so he could only fight hard.
"Raise the sword!"
Luo Zheng struck with his sword, and the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, suddenly released his killing intent.
The killing intent turned into threads and actually cracked the pieces of ice crystals in an instant!
With the help of the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye's killing intent, Luo Zheng's sword was like a hot knife through butter, forcibly breaking the Ice Sword Celestial Being's killing intent.
"This is impossible! Your killing intent can't be this strong! " The wisp of the Ice Sword Celestial Being's soul was stunned. The Ice Sword Celestial Being was able to enter the Massacre Sword Mountain because he cultivated the Massacre Sword Dao and was very proficient in killing intent.
In particular, the killing intent on Luo Zheng's body was not strong at all, but the killing intent in his sword was so shocking!
The Ice Sword Celestial Being did not know that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit had just been formed, and his killing intent did not come from himself, but from the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye.
"Pu!"
"Kuang Kuang Kuang …"
When Luo Zheng broke the Ice Sword Celestial Being's killing intent, he stabbed with his sword again. This time, the Sword Spirit directly penetrated the Ice Sword Celestial Being's Sword Spirit. Layer by layer, the Ice Sword Celestial Being's Sword Spirit shattered with the sound of glass shattering, and slowly dissipated in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
After that, the Saint Artifact was inserted into the ground again, and a large amount of blue light poured out of the Saint Artifact and entered Luo Zheng's body.
"This killing intent, which is also known as killing intent, is actually so strong! No wonder that woman from the Yao Ye Clan could walk all the way to the mountainside with a low-grade Xuan Artifact. "Luo Zheng finally understood why the low-grade Xuan Artifact was inserted into the mountainside. This strong killing intent was what made her so outstanding!
"If that's the case, then this Slaughtering Sword Mountain will be of great use to me. Should I stab my sword in now?" Luo Zheng walked past the mountainside and was now on the ridge. He was at a higher level than before.
He looked up and saw that the number of Saint Artifacts was not as high as the number of Immortal Artifacts, but the number of Saint Artifacts in front of him was not small. He had encountered a Sword Spirit in the first Saint Artifact, so he was afraid that the Sword Spirits in the following Saint Artifacts would be even more powerful.
"Enough, you have reached this step, which is very amazing. Countless sword geniuses have gathered on this Slaughter Sword Mountain, and the owner of each sword you have seen is a genius swordsman who has at least comprehended the perfect Sword Intent. You are only at the Xiantian second stage, but you have already broken through these layers of obstacles and placed your Immortal Artifact on the same level as a Saint Artifact." Qinglong slowly said: "You see, I'm afraid that you will not be able to defeat the next sword."
Not far away from Luo Zheng, there was a Saint Artifact which was shining with a golden luster. It was a broad-bladed sword, and its width was even wider than Luo Zheng's body, and its length was more than seven feet. One could imagine that the owner of this sword was a colossus. What made Luo Zheng feel even more pressure was that there were traces of red energy circulating on the surface of the broad-bladed sword. This energy should be the Evil Spirit which had been compressed to the extreme. Luo Zheng felt frightened just by looking at it.
Indeed, Luo Zheng knew his own limits. He had defeated the Sword Spirit of the Ice Sword Celestial Being by relying on the Evil Spirit of the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye. He had reached the limit of his strength.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to intend to give up.
He took two steps back, held the Flowing Light Sword in his hand, and began to fiercely dash forward.
"Boy, you …" Qinglong suddenly felt speechless when he saw this scene in his mind.
Luo Zheng had unexpectedly thrown his sword forward after failing to break through.