Whoever was able to stick their sword in a higher place would be able to obtain greater help from the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
Any sword genius that entered the Slaughtering Sword Mountain would try their best to stick their sword in the highest place possible. Therefore, in order to get rid of the sword intent and sword spirit contained within the treasured swords, one had to go through this path.
But when Luo Zheng was unable to defeat the next sword, his only choice was to throw his sword out.
It was unknown whether Luo Zheng was the first person to do this in the Slaughtering Sword Mountain for so many years. If he was successful, then he would be able to stick his sword in a higher place.
Luo Zheng was born with innate divine strength. When he threw his sword out, he mobilized the power of the dragon scale.
The Flowing Light Sword drew a bright silver light in the air. Like a meteor, it passed through countless sacred tools and continued to soar upwards!
After flying for a full three breaths of time, the Flowing Light Sword lost its power and fell down. It then ruthlessly stabbed into the middle of the mountain ridge. One must know that this was the location of a high-grade sacred tool. Luo Zheng's low-grade immortal tool was incomparably conspicuous …
Seeing this scene, Qinglong was speechless for a long time. The Slaughtering Sword Mountain was a special holy land. The rules inside were a set of its own. Therefore, from beginning to end, Qinglong did not help Luo Zheng. He was worried that Luo Zheng would violate the rules of the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
It was very likely that the sword that was inserted would not be recognized by the Slaughtering Sword Mountain and would be bounced back. What was even more serious was that Luo Zheng would be directly expelled from the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
However, Luo Zheng's sword was firmly inserted into the mountain ridge. Then, it emitted a faint light. That was the Flowing Light Sword establishing a connection with Luo Zheng. Obviously, Luo Zheng's sword had been recognized by the Slaughtering Sword Mountain.
"Is this really possible? How can this be … "
At this moment, Qinglong felt that his brain could not wrap itself around this. Qinglong had lived for hundreds of thousands of years compared to Luo Zheng. But now, he suddenly discovered that some of his ideas had been defeated by Luo Zheng.
In fact, Luo Zheng just wanted to give it a try and see if it would work. He didn't expect it to work.
It was a pity that he was not strong enough. If he was strong enough, he might be able to throw his sword to the top of the mountain and stand side by side with those divine weapons, or even higher grade weapons.
As a human being, one should not be too greedy. Luo Zheng's current position was not bad. It was far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
After the Flowing Light Sword pierced the mountain, Luo Zheng immediately felt a change in his body. A very special feeling appeared in his heart as if his entire body was connected to this huge sword mountain by blood! There was an invisible passage between his body and the Massacre Sword Mountain.
Before Luo Zheng could appreciate this magical feeling, the Massacre Sword Mountain collapsed in front of Luo Zheng's eyes. The whole world of the Massacre Sword Mountain turned into ashes, and his consciousness withdrew from the Massacre Sword Mountain.
When his consciousness returned, the Azure Dragon smiled faintly and said, "You really defeated me. However, I am indeed surprised that you were able to stab your sword so high up. The Dao of Massacre can be considered a true Dao of the strong. You should make good use of it. After being tormented for so long, I should sleep for a while."
Even though he had swallowed a section of the Flood Dragon Bone Spear, it could not provide too much energy for Qinglong. After all, for a huge real dragon, a Flood Dragon Bone Spear was too little.
When Qinglong gradually fell asleep, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes.
"Luo Zheng woke up! He finally woke up! "
"I didn't expect it to take him so long to comprehend the Perfect Sword Essence!"
"Hua Tianming hasn't woken up yet. Hua Tianming took even longer!"
Luo Zheng glanced at Hua Tianming, who was not far away. Hua Tianming's eyes were still closed, as if he was still in a state of epiphany.
According to Qinglong, the moment Hua Tianming comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, he should have been connected to another place to accept the trial.
The Massacre Sword Mountain was not the only Holy Place in this world. Luo Zheng did not know where Hua Tianming had entered, and he had not woken up until now.
However, the moment Luo Zheng woke up, Hua Tianming suddenly opened his eyes.
The moment Hua Tianming opened his eyes, an extremely sharp Sword Essence suddenly erupted from his body. The Sword Essence formed a huge cyclone that rose to the sky, and there were traces of lightning flashing in the cyclone!
"Hua Tianming's Sword Essence has an additional power of lightning?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. The bright blue lightning seemed to be of a high level, and it fused with his Sword Essence, faintly combining with a trace of the Way of Heaven!
"What an exaggerated Qi Power. It's almost like the lightning in the sky. Alas, I don't know what great opportunity Hua Tianming had. He just sat there for two hours, and he made such a big breakthrough. I can't catch up with him in my lifetime."
"Nonsense. Even if Hua Tianming did not comprehend the Perfect Sword Essence, do you think you can catch up with him?"
"However, in contrast, Luo Zheng also comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, but his harvest seems to be less. He just woke up and did not burst out too much Qi Power."
When Luo Zheng heard such discussions, he suddenly smiled slightly.
The connection between him and the Massacre Sword Mountain was his greatest harvest. However, this harvest could not be seen in a short time. It would only appear after he cultivated the Massacre Sword Principle. His other harvest was the Sword Spirit, Moon Demon. Moon Demon itself had a very strong Evil Spirit. It had just been formed, and it had become a big battle force that Luo Zheng could rely on.
However, Luo Zheng put Moon Demon away and did not reveal it. Naturally, the Evil Spirit would not overflow. Of course, others could not sense any changes in him.
Hua Tianming's Sword Essence unexpectedly overflowed for a while, and then slowly retracted. Then Hua Tianming let out a long breath, and a smile appeared on his face. Given Hua Tianming's personality, if he had such a happy expression on his face, he must have gained a lot.
Hua Tianming's harvest was indeed great!
The moment he comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, his whole body was pulled into a place called the "Sword-cleansing Pool"!
Hua Tianming was obsessed with the Sword Principle. He paid attention to some legends and comprehensions of swordsmen. He had once read about the Sword-cleansing Pool in an ancient book. It was a half-Saint place!
How could Hua Tianming not be happy when he discovered that he had the opportunity to enter the Sword-cleansing Pool? Among the tens of thousands of swordsmen, how many would have the opportunity to enter a half-Saint place to cleanse their Sword Essence?
Cleansing a sword in the Sword-cleansing Pool could not only temper his Sword Essence, but also give his Sword Essence a layer of special attributes.
Therefore, Hua Tianming placed his sword in the Sword-cleansing Pool and began to cleanse it.
After a long time, there was finally a change in the Sword-cleansing Pool. The water of the Sword-cleansing Pool emitted bright blue thunder and lightning. These thunder and lightning crazily poured into Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword and his body. Finally, these thunder and lightning merged with his Sword Essence.
He gave his Sword Essence a name — Extreme Thunder Sword Essence!
Thunder and lightning were punishment from the heavens. It was a kind of celestial phenomenon. Hua Tianming cultivated the "Heavenly Sword". The two kinds of momentum, Heavenly Thunder and Heavenly Sword, were coupled to each other, increasing its power! Therefore, the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence had a very obvious effect on Hua Tianming's improvement.
"Congratulations, Brother Hua Tianming. It seems that you have obtained a great opportunity," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hua Tianming nodded. He didn't need to be modest. Being able to enter a legendary half-Saint place to cultivate was enough to show that his luck was strong.
People with this kind of luck were all favored by the heavens, favored by the heavens. There probably wouldn't be a second person like this in the entire Eastern Region in a thousand years. If Hua Tianming was still modest, then he would be a hypocrite.
"I used all my strength in the previous sword attack, but I still couldn't defeat you. In fact, it's already my loss," Hua Tianming said. "However, both of us comprehended Perfect Sword Essence at the same time, which led to the termination of the battle. It's also considered an accident. Therefore, I want to compete with Brother Luo Zheng again!"
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng nodded. "I naturally won't back down from Brother Hua Tianming's challenge. This battle is destined to determine the true victor."
Many disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect sat in place and waited for the two of them to comprehend for more than two hours. They were all a little bored.
The disciples guarding the letter tablet on the 33 peaks were still fine. Now that there was nothing to watch, they could temporarily leave the letter tablet and do what they needed to do. However, the disciples at the scene of the All-Peak Tournament couldn't do the same.
Just now, when they heard Hua Tianming say that it was already his loss, the disciples of the peaks were ready to curse.
After waiting for so long, you just admit defeat? Hua Tianming, are you kidding me?
However, immediately after Hua Tianming said that they would compete with each other again, the scene suddenly boiled over.
Hua Tianming's "Heavenly Sword" alone was already so terrifying. Now that he had comprehended Perfect Sword Essence, and there was also the power of thunder and lightning in his Sword Essence, how powerful could he be now?
"He won't turn Luo Zheng into charcoal with one sword attack, right?" a disciple said.
"I don't know if he will turn Luo Zheng into charcoal, but Luo Zheng will be very difficult to deal with," another disciple said.
"Well, I did think highly of Luo Zheng before, but now it's hard to say. It's obvious that both of them have comprehended Perfect Sword Essence, but Hua Tianming's harvest seems to be far more than Luo Zheng's. On the other hand, when Luo Zheng woke up from his epiphany, he didn't have any imposing manner. It seems that he didn't get any benefits from the epiphany," another disciple analyzed.
Epiphany was indeed a great opportunity for a warrior, but no one stipulated that as long as one was in an epiphany, there would be benefits. Some people did enter a state of epiphany, but in the end, they didn't get anything. This kind of situation could be found everywhere.
Hua Tianming raised his Corrosive Blood Sword slightly. After comprehending Perfect Sword Essence, each of the Sword Essence cyclones was fuller and more complete, and there were traces of thunder and lightning hidden in them. Hua Tianming himself was very clear that the thunder and lightning obtained from the Sword-cleansing Pool was not ordinary thunder and lightning. The power of this thunder and lightning was absolutely beyond the imagination of most people.
With this sword attack, Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated by him!
Just as Hua Tianming confidently began to accumulate power, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and Yao Ye condensed from the Sword Spirit slowly appeared beside him.