Yao Ye's appearance wasn't exactly the same as a human's.
Her hair was much softer, and her trimmed fringe made her seem even more refreshing.
Beneath her soft and fine hair was an extremely fair face. Every single part of her face was in the golden ratio. It was fine if this peerlessly beautiful face didn't smile, but if it did smile, then it would naturally charm all living beings.
Her attire was completely different from the attire of the eastern territory's humans. Her attire was much bolder and unrestrained. For example, her armor merely covered her chest while the hollow armor accentuated her bare waist. Her legs were shockingly long, and it made her seem even taller. But in reality, her height really wasn't much different from Luo Zheng.
Because Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, was practically a perfect replica of that woman from the Yao Ye Clan, she looked extremely lifelike. Besides her slightly stiff expression, she instantly intimidated many people, and they were all puzzled as to why such a beautiful woman would suddenly appear in the arena.
Jade Maiden Peak, Pure Heart Hall. An enormous letter tablet was placed at the center of Pure Heart Hall.
The female disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were much more particular than the male disciples. Some disciples of the peaks, such as Xiao Yufeng, were directly placed on the drill grounds, and everyone else sat on the dusty drill grounds to watch the letter tablet.
On the other hand, the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak had cleaned up Pure Heart Hall and placed numerous meditation mats in the hall. All the female disciples sat on the meditation mats to watch the Peak Competition. There were even many snacks placed beside the meditation mats like five spice pine nuts, green tea, melon seeds, and so on and so forth.
Zhu Qianning leaned on the meditation mat and watched Luo Zheng's performance in the Peak Competition the entire time.
Zhu Qianning's sisters were aware of her intentions, and they were joking around in the beginning. If Luo Zheng won, they would tease Zhu Qianning with melodious voices. "Oh! Our Big Brother Luo Zheng has won again! "
Although Zhu Qianning looked angry, her heart was warm. The feelings of a young girl were often so simple.
However, with the rapid rise of Luo Zheng in the All-Sect Competition, the whole Blue Cloud Sect was shocked. When the female disciples looked at Luo Zheng again, they had a special look in their eyes. Which girl didn't yearn for love? In the hearts of the female disciples of Jade Maiden Peak, Luo Zheng's position was constantly rising.
A person like Luo Zheng would definitely shine brightly in the future!
Even Zhu Qianning's sisters stopped joking around with Zhu Qianning …
The world of martial artists might be very warm at times, but most of the time, it was snobbish and realistic. With Zhu Qianning's appearance and background, she might be one of the top existences in the entire Eastern Region. For many people, she might be an unattainable goddess in this lifetime, and they wouldn't even have the thought of climbing up to her. The gap between them was too big.
Originally, they might have thought that Zhu Qianning and Luo Zheng were a match made in heaven. Even Luo Zheng's background was low, and he gave off the feeling that he was a phoenix. If he and Zhu Qianning were a couple, they would feel that they were climbing up the social ladder.
But now, the situation was reversed.
With the talent that Luo Zheng had shown, the Eastern Region simply couldn't accommodate him. Luo Zheng was destined to jump out of the Eastern Region and release his brilliance in the wider world. Perhaps even the princess of the Burning Sky Dynasty was a bit of a stretch to be a match for Luo Zheng.
Therefore, when Zhu Qianning saw Luo Zheng's performance, she felt both gratified and disappointed …
When she first met Luo Zheng, she was still able to carefully protect her sense of superiority and maintain her little pride. But this youngster was growing rapidly, and the speed of his growth made it hard for her to breathe. At the same time, Zhu Qianning felt that the distance between them was getting farther and farther.
In this complicated mood, she suddenly saw a stunning woman appear next to Luo Zheng. It was easy to imagine how depressed she felt.
"Who is that woman? How did she suddenly appear next to him? "Zhu Qianning wanted to ask, but obviously, no one around her could answer …
Zhu Qianning was definitely not the only one who wanted to ask who that woman was.
In fact, most of the people present couldn't wrap their heads around the situation. They all wanted to ask, "Who is that woman? How did she suddenly appear like a ghost?! "
Even a few Perfected Masters with poor eyesight were stunned. They couldn't tell who she was.
"Sword Spirit, and a transformed Sword Spirit. Elder Xu, don't tell me that this Sword Spirit was just comprehended by Luo Zheng! And don't tell me that this Sword Spirit was just transformed. "Shi Jingtian muttered as he looked at the stunning woman in the arena.
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Elder Xu felt depressed. What can I tell you? Didn't you see it clearly? It's not like you don't know that a swordsman needs to comprehend the Perfect Sword Intent to be able to condense a Sword Spirit. As for the time needed to transform a Sword Spirit, it would take at least a few years. If the swordsman wasn't talented enough, even if he comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent, he wouldn't be able to condense a Sword Spirit! Everything is fate!
Luo Zheng's life was too damn good. Elder Xu's heart was really jealous. With Elder Xu's strength and temperament, he wouldn't even blink an eye even if the mountains collapsed. But how could he not be jealous of Luo Zheng's monstrous talent?
Pei Tianyao, who was always as calm as water and as steady as a mountain, had a strange look in his eyes. The moment he saw Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, he didn't have the mood to meditate anymore. Practicing Buddhism required one's temperament. Pei Tianyao's temperament was very good. It was so good that it made people's hair stand on end. But at this moment, he really couldn't calm down.
This was like a monk who recited scriptures all day long. Every day, he lived a life of morning bell and evening drum. He seemed to have seen through all the glory and wealth in the world. He was devoted to Buddhism and believed that one day, he would receive the true teachings of Buddha. But suddenly, one day, a young monk came to the temple. This young monk didn't cultivate for many days, but inexplicably, he encountered the true Buddha and received the true teachings of Buddha.
When he encountered something like this, Pei Tianyao could only laugh bitterly and curse in his heart. How fucking unfair!
Mo Yuxin asked incessantly from the side as well. "Senior Brother Pei, what exactly is that? I don't feel like a human! How could such a woman appear here? "
Mo Yuxin relied on the intuition of a Divine Beast's bloodline. She sensed a strange feeling from Yao Ye. She was able to discern that he wasn't a real person, but she didn't know what he was!
"That's a Sword Spirit!" Pei Tianyao was slightly irritated by the questions, and he answered impatiently.
"Oh!" Mo Yuxin puckered her lips. She couldn't figure out why Senior Brother Pei was unhappy. Why was he unhappy? A Sword Spirit is a Sword Spirit! What's so great about it!? Hmph!
Hua Tianming had just condensed his Extreme Lightning Sword Intent, but his body suddenly trembled when he saw Luo Zheng summon a Sword Spirit. If one didn't know what was going on, one would think that Hua Tianming had been electrocuted by his own lightning.
After that, a trace of a bitter smile appeared on Hua Tianming's face, and it was a very bitter smile. After that, he shook his head and said, "I thought that comprehending a trace of Lightning Intent in the Sword Purification Pool and fusing it with my own Sword Intent was a great fortuitous encounter. After all, it's the Sword Purification Pool. I'm afraid no one in the eastern territory has been able to enter it for a few thousand years. This fortuitous encounter made me very happy and proud. I never expected that …." Hua Tianming took a deep breath and said, "I never expected that you would directly condense a Sword Spirit and even take form!"
It wasn't until Hua Tianming said those words that the disciples finally understood.
"A Sword Spirit! That woman by Luo Zheng's side is a Sword Spirit? "
"Since Hua Tianming said so, it must be a Sword Spirit. I remember that there is a record of a Sword Spirit in the ancient book of Sword Principle. After comprehending the Perfect Sword Intent, one can cultivate a Sword Spirit! But the ancient book says that it takes at least three to five years, and at most several decades. Even if some swordsmen comprehend the Perfect Sword Intent, they still can't condense a Sword Spirit! "
"That ancient book of yours is fake, isn't it? Luo Zheng comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent less than four hours ago. Doesn't he already have a Sword Spirit? "
"I don't know. That's what the ancient book says. I guess … it's not that the ancient book is wrong, but that Luo Zheng directly … overthrew the common sense recorded in the ancient book."
Luo Zheng had directly transformed a Sword Spirit. Even Qinglong, who had lived for countless years and had seen countless people in Luo Zheng's mind, was shocked. Therefore, in the eyes of the people of the Eastern Region, condensing a Sword Spirit and transforming it in four hours was simply incomprehensible. Therefore, overthrowing the records in the ancient book was inevitable.
"The Sword-Cleansing Pool I'm in is a half-step Holy Land. I wonder where Brother Luo Zheng entered when he comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent? What did you see? " Hua Tianming asked these questions, and at the same time added, "If you feel it's inconvenient to say, you don't have to say."
Luo Zheng shook his head. There was nothing to hide. "A mountain, a place called the Massacre Sword Mountain."
"Massacre Sword Mountain!" Hua Tianming's pupils contracted.
The Sword-Cleansing Pool could only be considered a half-step Holy Land! There were many Holy Lands above the Sword-Cleansing Pool! With Hua Tianming's memory, he certainly remembered the records in the ancient book. The Massacre Sword Mountain, the Tidal Sword Tomb, and the Heavenly Sword Stele were the leaders of all the Sword Holy Lands. They were known as the Three Great Sword Holy Lands!
If he could choose, Hua Tianming would most like to choose the Heavenly Sword Stele, because it was the most compatible with the 《Heavenly Sword》 cultivation method he cultivated. It also gave him the greatest insight. However, this thing relied entirely on luck. It had always been the Holy Land that chose people. If no one chose a Holy Land, Hua Tianming was simply not qualified!
"You're too strong, Luo Zheng. Although I previously felt that I was not as good as Pei Tianyao, in the end, I could still catch up with him. However, you … are the first person I feel that I can't catch up with." Hua Tianming's face revealed a bleak expression. "However, there are too many geniuses in this world. There are so many that I can't imagine. In the Eastern Region, I can be considered a genius. Perhaps in the Central Domain, I'm nothing! However, I want to catch up with you. Even if I can't catch up with you, it's enough for me to achieve greater things! "
If you can't catch up with a genius, then follow closely in his footsteps!
It had to be said that Hua Tianming's temperament was also excellent. At least, he wasn't like some people who went crazy with jealousy, or even developed a heart demon.
"Therefore, even though I know that I can't beat you, I still have to compete with this sword!" After Hua Tianming finished speaking, the Blood Corroding Sword in his hand surged with wind and thunder. Perfect sword intent whistled, and this sword that had been accumulating power for a long time stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝