Frankly speaking, Luo Zheng really admired Hua Tianming as well.
It was very rare for someone to be able to maintain such a mentality after walking step by step all the way up to where he was now.
Some disciples who were born from the grassroots would forget themselves after obtaining a little bit of success, and they would feel that they were geniuses of the heavens, dragons amongst men, and insufferably arrogant! They would gradually slack off on their cultivation. Even if their natural talent wasn't bad, their Martial Dao Heart would be flattened and damaged in the end, and they would slowly sink down and become extremely mediocre.
However, Hua Tianming wasn't arrogant or rash. Even if Luo Zheng's display made him feel despair and unreachable, he still maintained a very good mentality and didn't feel discouraged. At the same time, he said that he didn't seek to surpass Luo Zheng and only sought to follow in Luo Zheng's footsteps!
Perhaps there were people in the world who possessed greater natural talent than Hua Tianming, but there weren't many geniuses who possessed Hua Tianming's magnanimity.
Even though his words were humble, his moves weren't humble at all. Luo Zheng still couldn't underestimate this attack of his.
Hua Tianming's Heavenly Sword was originally able to draw support from the might of the heavens, and its might was extremely terrifying. After he comprehended Perfection Sword Intent, his Sword Intent had become full and even fiercer! Most importantly, he'd comprehended a trace of the energy of lightning in the Sword Purification Pool!
The energy of lightning combined with the might of the heavens! The combination of the two was equivalent to Heavenly Punishment!
Luo Zheng's expression became solemn when he saw Heavenly Punishment.
The Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, was instantly split into fine strands of Sword Intent under Luo Zheng's control, and they fused into Luo Zheng's Flowing Light.
Actually, Luo Zheng wasn't very skilled in controlling the Sword Spirit right now. If Luo Zheng was skilled in controlling it, then there was no need for him to summon the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, and attach it to his Flowing Light. He could just insert it into the sword himself.
However, this was only a technique, and as Luo Zheng became more and more skilled in controlling the Sword Spirit, he would quickly grasp the method behind it.
Yao Ye already possessed extremely strong baleful energy, and only the heavens knew how many living beings this young woman had slaughtered in the past to be able to gather so much baleful energy. When she was standing next to Luo Zheng, she was able to control all the killing intent in her body. But when she attached herself to Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword, the surging killing intent immediately erupted!
A butcher who slaughtered cows and pigs every day would slowly accumulate a baleful aura over time. However, this baleful aura was relatively low. Some sensitive people would be able to sense it and say that this person's killing intent was very strong. However, most people who were slow would not be able to sense it. In this aspect, dogs were the most sensitive. Therefore, when butchers walked on the streets, many dogs would bark at them. This was because the murderous aura that emerged from the butcher's body made the perceptive dogs very afraid.
From this, it could be seen that the baleful aura could bring about the most concrete threat to living beings. Compared to the various auras, the offensive nature of the baleful aura was clearly more direct!
It was just like those veterans on the battlefield. Just a single gaze from them was enough to make one's hair stand on end and be unable to move. That was ability.
Luo Zheng's baleful aura wasn't strong. Even though fate had forced Luo Zheng to enter the Slaughter Sword Mountain and choose the Slaughter Sword Dao, the accumulation of baleful aura couldn't be completed overnight, and he still hadn't gained a basic grasp of the Slaughter Sword Dao.
However, this didn't affect Luo Zheng's ability to utilize Yao Ye's own baleful aura.
As soon as Yao Ye attached himself to his Flowing Light Sword, the surging baleful aura instantly swept out.
Under the influence of the baleful aura, it was like they weren't facing a person but an asura that had come from hell! Moreover, this asura was extremely cruel, and he would chop off his own head at any moment.
The legs of some cowardly disciples trembled when they witnessed this scene, and they actually fell to the ground.
"AH! Luo Zheng has become a devil! "Some disciples were affected by the baleful aura, and their voices became slightly hysterical.
"What a terrifying aura of slaughter! What exactly has he experienced? I didn't notice it before this, so why has it suddenly become so terrifying!?" Many disciples had reverence in their eyes!
The two terrifying auras instantly collided.
Hua Tianming's sword represented the might of the heavens. At this instant, he seemed to have transformed into the messenger of the heavens, and he was about to send down heavenly punishment to the sinful mortals of the world!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng was an asura that had risen up against the heavens. His Slaughter Sword Dao was bound to slaughter everything in the world, and he was going to prove his Dao through slaughter! He was going to destroy the heavens through slaughter!
"Boom!"
As soon as the two of them collided, two extremely powerful yet completely different swords started to collide, and they emanated a violent explosion.
Streaks of lightning that resembled heavenly punishment followed the sword intent and rushed towards Luo Zheng. However, the baleful aura on Luo Zheng's sword transformed into tiny strands of baleful aura that met the lightning. When the baleful aura strands of baleful aura came into contact with the lightning, many of them were shattered by the lightning.
However, the baleful aura was endless. As soon as it was shattered by the lightning, another would surge out and continuously roll back.
Finally, under the consumption of the baleful aura, Hua Tianming's sword aura finally weakened, and the surging lightning was finally disintegrated by the baleful aura.
The Slaughter Sword Dao was such an unreasonable sect. It was strong and powerful, and this was because Luo Zheng didn't cultivate a cultivation technique that used baleful aura. If he cultivated a cultivation technique that matched his baleful aura, his power would be ten times stronger than it was now.
Although the Slaughter Sword Dao was powerful, its shortcomings were also obvious. If the Slaughter Qi was too strong, there would be inner demons, and the baleful aura would backfire. However, after Luo Zheng and the Slaughter Sword Mountain were connected, this problem was easily solved!
After his sword was broken, Hua Tianming withdrew his move and stabbed the Devouring Blood Sword back.
Strictly speaking, the two of them didn't have a clear winner.
However, it wasn't that Hua Tianming didn't want to fight, because Hua Tianming knew that if he used all his strength, Luo Zheng would also use all his strength, and he would still be defeated in the end.
Using all his strength referred to fighting against an opponent whose strength was on par with his. Perhaps he could win the final battle because of that little bit of advantage. However, when he comprehended perfect sword intent, Hua Tianming had already lost to Luo Zheng. After comprehending perfect sword intent, Hua Tianming's strength was further and further away from Luo Zheng's.
Under such circumstances, it was meaningless to fight against Luo Zheng.
"I lost!" Hua Tianming said loudly.
After the referee heard this, he announced, "Xiao Yufeng's disciple, Luo Zheng, wins. Tianyi Peak's disciple, Hua Tianming, loses!"
"First place, first place!" The mentors on Xiao Yufeng's peak clapped their hands in celebration.
Mentor Wen's eyes were wet. After this battle, Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming. Now, the first place of the 33 peaks had finally emerged.
Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming and became the first disciple of the 33 peaks. Because of Luo Zheng's strength, Xiao Yufeng also became the first disciple of the 33 peaks!
From the last of the 33 peaks to the first, Xiao Yufeng could be considered to have created a miracle, and the creator of this miracle was none other than Luo Zheng!
Xiao Yufeng's mentors and many disciples felt that this was somewhat unreal. It was as if they were having an extremely sweet dream, and they hoped that they would never wake up from this dream.
Now, the only opponent in front of Luo Zheng was only one person, and that was Pei Tianyao.
Up until now, no one had forced Pei Tianyao to reveal his true strength. Other than Li Yifeng, Pei Tianyao was the first disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. His hidden strength was simply unfathomable.
Luo Zheng also knew that there would be a fierce battle between him and Pei Tianyao!
Before reaching the Perfect Sword Intent, Luo Zheng might not have had much confidence. However, after comprehending the Perfect Sword Intent and obtaining the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, his confidence had steadily increased.
However, Luo Zheng still couldn't determine what his chances of winning were against Pei Tianyao.
After all, he didn't have a reference to measure his strength!
It would be best if he could find a powerful person to fight against Pei Tianyao …
Unfortunately, there weren't many people who were qualified to fight against Pei Tianyao. Xie Yun was so powerful that he was instantly killed by Pei Tianyao. Wang Yun's Flood Dragon Bone Spear was swallowed by Luo Zheng, so he couldn't display his full strength. As for Mo Yuxin, it was even more different. That girl would probably use her full strength to fight against Luo Zheng. If she fought against Pei Tianyao, she probably wouldn't fight seriously, and would probably directly admit defeat.
What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that while he was analyzing this problem in his mind, Mo Yuxin really got to fight against Pei Tianyao in the arena.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, Mo Yuxin smiled and admitted defeat as soon as she got on the stage …
This girl would only show her ruthlessness when she fought against him. Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head.
Apparently, God still cared for Luo Zheng. What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that just after Mo Yuxin admitted defeat, the referee announced the results of the draw. Pei Tianyao actually won consecutive battles! Moreover, this battle was actually between Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming!
Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile. There weren't many people who could force Pei Tianyao to reveal his true strength, and Hua Tianming was the best candidate.