Either way, it was very advantageous to Luo Zheng.
Currently, Luo Zheng only had Pei Tianyao as his opponent on the Honor Roll.
Although the Blue Cloud Sect still had a "Great Senior Brother" Li Yifeng, he was still in closed-door training. A martial artist's closed-door training time was long and short, but for someone at Li Yifeng's level, it could be as short as three months and as long as a year. The probability of him daring to participate in the All-Sect Competition was not high.
Therefore, Pei Tianyao was Luo Zheng's last opponent. Defeating him would make him stand at the peak of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao's fight was also very interesting.
Although Hua Tianming had lost to Luo Zheng in the previous fight, this did not mean that Hua Tianming was weak. The key point was that he was very abnormal.
In the eyes of everyone, Luo Zheng, who was at Xiantian stage two, had become a complete monster. Humans … … could not be compared with monsters.
Hua Tianming's display of strength left others in the dust, and Pei Tianyao's hidden strength, this fight was very interesting.
After the referee called the names of the two people, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao walked onto the stage at the same time.
Pei Tianyao's aura was still restrained. He said to Hua Tianming indifferently, "I've been waiting for this fight for too long."
"Me too," Hua Tianming nodded.
The two people had been observing each other for too long. There was no need for more words.
After Hua Tianming had broken through to Perfect Sword Intent, he had entered the Sword Cleansing Pool to gain experience. His strength had suddenly soared. However, after meeting Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming's arrogance had been dampened a bit. It made him understand that there was always a mountain higher than the other.
Pei Tianyao was very restrained. From beginning to end, he had not revealed his strength. He was like a volcano in the twilight.
No one knew what kind of power this volcano would produce when it erupted!
Hua Tianming was the first to draw his sword. Using his sword steps, he approached Pei Tianyao almost instantly.
Both sides did not fight too hard at the beginning, as if they wanted to gain the upper hand in their moves. Hua Tianming clearly had the advantage because he had a sword and sword steps!
However, when Hua Tianming got close to Pei Tianyao, she found out that she was wrong. She was wrong.
Indeed, Pei Tianyao did not have a weapon. At this time, he did not even use Buddha's Reincarnation. However, his martial skills were equally powerful.
His hands flickered with golden light. Under the protection of these golden lights, his hands were actually able to receive Hua Tianming's sword!
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Hua Tianming stabbed his sword twelve times in a row. However, Pei Tianyao's speed was not slow at all. His pair of steady and powerful hands were constantly fluttering. They were like leaves in the wind, slapping Hua Tianming's sword.
In the eyes of the crowd, this scene was really a bit shocking. Pei Tianyao was actually able to block Hua Tianming's sword with just his body. His body seemed to be too tyrannical. Even Luo Zheng, who was known for his tyrannical body, could not do this, right?
However, some disciples with sharp eyes could see that the actual situation was not so.
The palm technique that Pei Tianyao used was the Buddhist's Great Thousand Leaf Hands. This set of palm techniques demonstrated the extreme control of power and speed. Although it seemed that each of his palms was directly slapping Hua Tianming's sword, in fact, each of his palms was skillful. The power was released from the side, and Hua Tianming's sword was slapped away.
Under the rapid attack of Pei Tianyao's Great Thousand Leaf Hands, Hua Tianming constantly changed his sword steps. From time to time, he would get close to Pei Tianyao, then widen the distance again. He repeated this repeatedly, but he could not break through Pei Tianyao's defense.
As the rhythm of the two's attacks became brighter and brighter, Pei Tianyao showed more of his foundation.
《Great Thousand Leaf Hands》, 《Formless Finger of Calamity》, 《Great Wisdom Palm》, 《Doro Leaf Finger》, 《Indefinite Finger of Great Wisdom》 …
All kinds of magical Buddhist techniques emerged one after another, making it impossible for Hua Tianming to guard against them …
Many disciples were also stunned.
"How does Pei Tianyao have so many Buddhist techniques?"
"Don't tell me he robbed some Buddhist sect's treasure vault …"
"Dream on. There is no Buddhist sect in the Eastern Domain, and the Heaven Zen Temple and Heavenly Dragon Temple in the Central Domain are all sects with a long history. No matter which sect it is, their foundation is comparable to our Cloud Hall. How could they be robbed by him?"
However, Buddhist techniques were very mysterious, so there were very few Buddhist techniques in the outside world. All of the techniques that Pei Tianyao used were very precious, but no one knew where he learned them from.
Under the dazzling counterattack of the various palm techniques and finger techniques, Hua Tianming relied on his Corrosive Blood Sword to not only not gain the upper hand, but was also restrained. There were even a few times when he was forced to retreat by Pei Tianyao's strange moves.
Realizing that he could not gain the upper hand early, Hua Tianming finally took two steps back, raised his Corrosive Blood Sword, and began to accumulate power.
A majestic aura began to converge towards Hua Tianming, he was about to activate the 《Heavenly Sword》.
Feeling the aura emitted by Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao's expression turned solemn. Although Luo Zheng broke Hua Tianming's 《Heavenly Sword》, it did not mean that Hua Tianming was weak, but that Luo Zheng was too strong.
"Buddha's Reincarnation!"
Six small golden beads floated up from his side.
These six golden beads were known as the Six Paths Beads, each of them contained a trace of the Six Paths' power of the realms.
As soon as Pei Tianyao summoned the Six Paths Beads, the six golden beads started spinning slowly. Previously, Pei Tianyao had used this move to defeat Xie Yun in a single strike. Furthermore, he used the Six Paths Beads to absorb Xie Yun's attack and deflect it back!
Therefore, when Pei Tianyao summoned this attack, Hua Tianming's expression turned serious.
"Sword of Heavenly Punishment!"
Knowing how terrifying Pei Tianyao's Six Paths Beads was, Hua Tianming would not hold back. If Hua Tianming absorbed his attack, he would be in a passive position. Therefore, when they saw Hua Tianming decisively using his strongest attack, many nodded in agreement. If they were in Pei Tianyao's shoes, they would have done the same, because it was the wisest choice.
Although the Six Paths Beads was powerful, it could not imprison energy indefinitely. There was a limit, and as long as this limit was broken, his Buddha's Reincarnation would be broken!
Pei Tianyao's Sword of Heavenly Punishment was extremely powerful, as if it was the punishment of heaven. A perfect sword will as thick as a water bucket shot towards Pei Tianyao.
"Weng weng weng!"
At the same time, Pei Tianyao's Six Paths Bead started spinning at a crazy speed. Due to the extreme speed, the six beads looked like a shining golden circle. It was this golden circle that trapped Hua Tianming's Extreme Lightning Sword Will within.
"Imprison!" Pei Tianyao's eyes flashed, and the force field in the golden circle began to change. Hua Tianming's sword was as fast as lightning, but now, it was extremely slow. It was obvious that it was about to be immobilized by the golden circle.
If Hua Tianming's sword was immobilized, Pei Tianyao could reverse the Six Paths Beads and reflect Hua Tianming's attack back. If that happened, Hua Tianming would definitely lose.
Hua Tianming, of course, would not give Pei Tianyao this chance. Since he attacked with all his might, he would burn his True Yuan to the extreme!
"Imprison me? Heaven is not that easy to imprison! " Hua Tianming's aura grew stronger, and the Extreme Thunder Sword Will in his sword became even more violent. Every lightning bolt grew from the size of a finger to the size of an arm, and these lightning bolts were like enraged beasts, determined to break free from the cage.
"Ka ka ka …"
Cracks appeared on Pei Tianyao's golden circle, and it was obvious that it could not withstand Pei Tianyao's Extreme Thunder Sword Will.
"Sure enough, Hua Tianming's sword is still stronger."
"Since ancient times, it's easy to attack, but difficult to defend. Although Pei Tianyao is strong, pure defense is still a bad idea. Offense is the best defense."
"If the golden circle is broken, Pei Tianyao will definitely lose!"
Time passed slowly, and more and more cracks appeared on Pei Tianyao's golden circle. It was even shaking, and it was on the verge of collapse.
Hua Tianming took advantage of the situation and shouted, "Break!"
"Rip …"
The golden circle was finally torn apart by Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Will.
But the moment the Buddha's Reincarnation was torn apart, Pei Tianyao frowned, and the golden light on his body flashed. He opened his hands, and a shadow appeared behind him.
It was a Buddha statue!
But presumably, it was completely different from those submissive Buddha statues. The Buddha behind him was an angry Buddha!
Buddhas had two faces. The usual smiling face was called the Silent Face, and it was also called the Righteous Reincarnation Body. When they wanted to use wisdom to teach foolishness, to warn all living beings, and to destroy the karma of ignorance, they would show this fierce expression of anger, and it was called the Righteous Reincarnation Body!
"It's Acalanatha! How can Pei Tianyao summon Acalanatha! Does Pei Tianyao have the bloodline of Acalanatha? "
As soon as this disciple said this, many people looked at him as if they were looking at an idiot.
Buddha was not a mythical beast …
The monks in the temple were lecherous, and it was impossible for them to have children …
How could Buddhism pass down the bloodline of Acalanatha …
The disciple also realized that he said something wrong. His face turned red, and he said, "Could it be that Pei Tianyao is the reincarnation of Acalanatha?"
"It's possible. Otherwise, it's impossible to explain why he has so many Buddhist skills."
"No wonder he's so strong! It turns out that he's the reincarnation of Acalanatha! This time, I'm afraid Hua Tianming can't handle it! "
Pei Tianyao looked indifferent, but the Acalanatha's shadow behind him was full of anger.
"Acalanatha Palm!"