Pei Tianyao's palm was driven by the Acalanatha's shadow. In fact, it was similar to the grasp Mo Yuxin used to deal with Luo Zheng.
However, Pei Tianyao's strength was clearly stronger.
His strength did not come from bloodline inheritance, but from the reincarnation of the Acalanatha!
On the golden palm, there were Sanskrit characters constantly flowing, emitting rays of golden light.
Feeling the power of the golden palm, Hua Tianming's expression changed dramatically. He had struggled to break free from Pei Tianyao's Buddha's Reincarnation, but now he had to face such a terrifying palm. This was too …
"Is this Pei Tianyao's true strength?" Hua Tianming stared at the giant palm and gritted his teeth. He borrowed more Heaven Earth Yuan Qi from the sky, an even greater power of the firmament, and an even sharper Extreme Thunder Sword Intent to meet the palm head-on.
Victory or defeat depends on this! If I win, I'll be lucky. If I lose, I'll be doomed!
"Boom!"
The golden palm and azure lightning intersected in an instant. It was as if a star had exploded in the arena. The dazzling light made most people unable to open their eyes.
However, Luo Zheng outside the arena was not among them!
His brown pupils reflected light spots, and he saw every movement of the two people in the battle.
"Hua Tianming lost." Luo Zheng shook his head. Hua Tianming had previously said that he had a fifty percent chance of winning against Pei Tianyao and a ninety percent chance of winning after breaking through to the Illuminating Spirit Realm. Clearly, Hua Tianming had underestimated Pei Tianyao.
With Hua Tianming's current strength, he had no chance of winning against Pei Tianyao.
Moreover, Hua Tianming had comprehended Perfect Sword Intent. He had made a great breakthrough by washing his sword in the Sword-cleansing Pond of the Half Holy Land.
This strength was enough to make up for his lack of cultivation. In other words, Hua Tianming had been very naive when he thought that he had a ninety percent chance of winning against Pei Tianyao after entering the Illuminating Spirit Realm.
Pei Tianyao, the reincarnation of the Acalanatha … was too strong. Unless Hua Tianming had a new opportunity and broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm, he would not have the power to fight Pei Tianyao.
As the light on the stage dissipated, Hua Tianming used the Corrosive Blood Sword to support his tottering body. His thin and cold face was somewhat sad.
A young man who firmly believed that he would walk the path of the strongest had suffered two or three consecutive defeats. It was obviously a huge setback.
However, whether a setback was good or bad depended on the person.
Some people were arrogant, but their hearts of martial arts were weak. Once they were defeated, their hearts of martial arts would suffer a blow. Then, the growth of their cultivation would stagnate, and they might even develop a heart demon. It would be difficult for them to rise again in this lifetime.
On the other hand, some people were similarly arrogant, but their Martial Dao Heart was extremely firm. Even if they encountered setbacks, the more setbacks they faced, the more courageous they became. They would turn to firm their cultivation and seek greater opportunities, and they would definitely have the last laugh.
"I lost!" Hua Tianming carried the Corrosive Blood Sword on his back. Suddenly, the sad expression on his face was swept away. Obviously, Hua Tianming was the latter kind of person.
"Xiantian Full Circle, you are the first person to force me to use the Acalanatha. You don't have to feel burdened. With your growth talent, when we are at the same level, I may not be your opponent," Pei Tianyao said faintly. The Acalanatha behind him also faintly dissipated.
"A victory is a victory, a defeat is a defeat. I naturally will not find an excuse for the difference in level. I only hope that in the future we will have the opportunity to exchange pointers here," Hua Tianming said with cupped hands.
Pei Tianyao nodded. Such an opponent, no matter who it was, would be respectful.
After walking down the stage, Pei Tianyao's gaze fell on Luo Zheng. With a calm expression, he said: "Luo Zheng, there is only one battle left in the Peak Great Competition. It should be the decisive battle between you and me."
Luo Zheng nodded, wondering why Pei Tianyao would say such a thing.
"My Acalanatha can only be used once, and it will take a few days to summon it a second time. Do you want to fight today or three days later?" Pei Tianyao asked.
Although the Acalanatha was powerful, with Pei Tianyao's strength, he could not use it infinitely. Every time he used it, it would take a few days.
Pei Tianyao let Luo Zheng choose today or three days later.
If they fought today, then Pei Tianyao would not be able to exert his full strength!
At this point in the Peak Great Competition, both Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao had lost interest in the concept of ranking.
The first place of the Peak Great Competition would receive a Clear Void Pill and an additional Immortal Tool.
In addition, the first and third place would have the right to walk the Blue Clouds Road.
Even if Luo Zheng was defeated, with the strength and talent that Luo Zheng had shown, Shi Jingtian was very likely to satisfy the Clear Void Pill and Immortal Tool reward.
"If I can't compete with you at your peak strength, I'm afraid my martial heart will not be smooth." Luo Zheng laughed.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of fighting. If Pei Tianyao's strength was not at its peak, even if Luo Zheng defeated him, then the long-awaited battle would not be perfect. His thoughts would not be smooth, so Luo Zheng had no reason to fight now.
"Good! Three days later, I will wait for you! "Pei Tianyao nodded.
After a few days of fighting, the Peak Great Competition had come to an end.
In fact, the results of the competition were basically out, but the first and second place, Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao, were still not decided, which became the biggest suspense.
The third place was Hua Tianming, the fourth place was Mo Yuxin, the fifth place was Wang Yun …
These rankings were already listed on the Green Clouds Road.
Among the thirty-three peaks, Xiao Yufeng jumped to the top, while Tianyi Peak fell by one place. As for the other thirty-one peaks, they all adjusted their positions.
The disciples outside the arena began to disperse, while Luo Zheng directly walked up to the high platform, where the Sect Lord was.
If it was before, Luo Zheng would not be able to get close to the high platform, and someone would scold him and not let him get close.
But now, those Sages and Elders did not say anything. They knew that Luo Zheng had become the focus of Shi Jingtian's attention. Moreover, this little guy's future achievements were immeasurable, and it would be easy for him to surpass those Sages.
"Sect Lord." After standing on the high platform, Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Shi Jingtian.
"Do you have something to say?" Shi Jingtian asked. In fact, with Shi Jingtian's experience, how could he not guess Luo Zheng's thoughts? At this time, it must be about Luo Yan.
"I want to see my sister." Luo Zheng said.
"You are talking about Luo Yan?" Shi Jingtian asked again.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I hope you can let her go. A thousand years, a million points, and two million square crystals. I will pay."
Shi Jingtian's face revealed a strange expression.
Luo Yan was imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain, and it was announced that she would be imprisoned for a thousand years. The Blue Cloud Sect also had a rule that a thousand points could save a year's time. Therefore, if he wanted to save Luo Yan, he would need a million points. According to the rules, he would need two million square crystals.
That was two million square crystals! Shi Jingtian was curious where Luo Zheng got such a large amount of square crystals.
Even if the seven noble families wanted to take out two million square crystals, it would not be easy. After all, the noble families were all fixed assets, so how could they have so much cash?
And Luo Zheng was only a martial artist born from the grassroots. With the Luo Family's wealth, it would be difficult to even get a few square crystals, let alone several million.
"You … where did you get so many square crystals?" Shi Jingtian asked curiously.
"This … Sect Master, where I got so many square crystals is not important, right? The important thing is, can these square crystals really exchange for my sister's freedom? If they can, I naturally have so many square crystals for you. "Luo Zheng said.
With Luo Zheng's current methods, it was too easy to earn square crystals!
Fifty drops of Heaven's Eye Essence could be auctioned for two hundred and fifty thousand square crystals, and he only needed to smelt a hundred profound artifacts to obtain hundreds and thousands of drops of Heaven's Eye Essence!
Although the Heaven's Eye Essence could be sold in large amounts, and the price might get lower and lower, it was not difficult to gather two million square crystals.
Moreover, Luo Zheng could also obtain Zhang Wuxian's help. With Luo Zheng's current performance, he could obtain the goodwill of the Zhang Family. Even borrowing two million square crystals from the Zhang Family was not a problem. One had to know that the Zhang Family was the wealthiest family in the Eastern Region. The seven noble families were all poor compared to them!
In fact, although Shi Jingtian was secretive, he was very familiar with the layout of the Eastern Region. Since Luo Zheng had the confidence to take out two million crystal cubes, he could guess with his eyes closed that the Zhang Clan was involved. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to gather two million crystal cubes.
With Luo Zheng's current talent and strength, his future was limitless. He was worth the Zhang Family's investment, Shi Jingtian thought inwardly.
However, Shi Jingtian still sighed in the end. "Sigh …"
"Is it impossible?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Although he looked calm on the surface, he was actually very nervous.
From the moment he stepped into the Blue Cloud Sect, his goal was to save his younger sister and bring her away from Purgatory Mountain as soon as possible! If possible, he was not willing to let Luo Yan stay there for even a second!
That was why he had always been working hard for this million points. Even if he had to use up points to cultivate, he would only invest in himself when he had confidence in earning more points.
However …
"Yes, even if you pay two million square crystals, which is equivalent to a million points, it is still impossible to bring her away." Shi Jingtian shook his head.
"Why?" Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. His heartbeat suddenly sped up, and his eyes immediately became completely red.
(Thank you for the rewards, thank you for the monthly votes. I am very moved when I see the rewards and monthly votes every day! This is the greatest encouragement to me. ^ _ ^, I recommend "Beauty's Caring Expert". This book will come up if you search for it. It's not bad!)
＝＝＝＝＝