How could Luo Zheng not be angry?
The martial path was his most important path. Luo Yan was his most important relative.
For this step, he paid such a great price. However, this dream was like an ethereal soap bubble. Before he could even approach it, it burst. How could Luo Zheng accept this?
When he saw Luo Zheng's angry appearance, Shi Jingtian laughed indifferently. "You don't need to be angry. Luo Yan being locked up in Purgatory Mountain is a secret. Since you, the older brother, can do this, I can only tell you the secret."
"Speak!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows stood up. His eyes were shining as he stared at Shi Jingtian. Even if Shi Jingtian was a super expert who could turn him into ashes with a single punch, Luo Zheng didn't feel the slightest bit of cowardice!
"Luo Yan is our Blue Cloud Sect's most outstanding disciple. There aren't many female disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. Jade Maiden Peak has always been lukewarm in the past few hundred years. It is just like what you saw. This year's most outstanding Quan Xiaoyan also stopped in the reincarnation competition early on. She didn't obtain any great results." Shi Jingtian slowly said, "However, Luo Yan is different."
"In my eyes, Luo Yan's talent is actually higher than yours, Luo Zheng's. Her future achievements are even more astonishing! Why did my Cloud Hall establish such a large Blue Cloud Sect in the Eastern Region? It is to help the Cloud Hall absorb all the geniuses in the Eastern Region! Absorb them into the Cloud Hall and nurture them! In the martial world, even though the competition is fierce, there is still a great desire for true super geniuses. "
"According to my judgment, according to the three levels of talent, Heaven, Earth, and Human, Luo Zheng, your talent should be above Heaven Grade talent, between Heaven Grade talent and Saint Grade talent. It's just that I can't be sure, but Luo Yan has a complete Saint Grade talent! Let me ask you, why would I lock up such an outstanding disciple in Purgatory Mountain? "
"Let's not talk about how she crippled a small eldest son of the Yun Clan. Even if Luo Yan massacred the entire Yun Clan, I, Shi Jingtian, will protect her!"
As Shi Jingtian spoke, he actually stood up from his chair! With his hands behind his back, he looked a little excited.
It was just that for someone who had reached his level, the aura he casually exuded was extremely shocking! If a disciple wasn't strong enough, they wouldn't even be able to stand steadily in front of him.
Elder Xu was worried that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to withstand Shi Jingtian's aura and wanted to help Luo Zheng. However, when he saw that Luo Zheng didn't seem to be affected by Shi Jingtian's aura, he felt relieved.
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Luo Zheng was shocked!
He originally thought that Luo Yan offended the Yun Family and crippled Yun Fang. Because of the Yun Family's actions, Luo Yan was locked up in Purgatory Mountain for a thousand years. However, it seemed like that wasn't the case at all!
Shi Jingtian actually said that even if Luo Yan wiped out the entire Yun Family, he would still protect Luo Yan. These words were a bit exaggerated, but it meant that the entire Yun Family wasn't as important as Luo Yan in Shi Jingtian's heart!
Luo Yan being locked up in Purgatory Mountain was actually a secret?
Seeing that Luo Zheng was in a daze and didn't say anything, Shi Jingtian calmed down a bit. He sighed and looked into the boundless sky, saying, "Your Luo Family's ancestors were all mediocre, but in this generation, two geniuses above the Heaven realm suddenly appeared. I can only say that this is fate. You can't bring Luo Yan away from Purgatory Mountain, this is also fate! However, fate can be changed, and it depends on your own efforts. If you break through to the Divine Reflection Realm in the future and reach the Divine Congealing Pill, you will be able to change your fate and save your sister. Unfortunately … the current you is still too weak, too weak, too weak … Although your talent is amazing, the world is so big, and there are many people with talent. However, in the end, there aren't many who are able to grow up. "
Shi Jingtian used the word 'too weak' three times in a row, which shocked Luo Zheng.
He already had a faint premonition in his mind.
Saving Luo Yan wasn't something that Shi Jingtian could decide for himself!
Break through to the Divine Reflection Realm? Reach the Divine Reflection Realm? Condense a Divine Core and break through to the Divine Core realm?
Just from this sentence alone, Luo Zheng knew who his opponent was. It was a realm that Luo Zheng couldn't even imagine. In front of these people, his strength was like an ant. No, even an ant couldn't describe the gap between them. He was like a speck of dust, and with a gentle blow, he would disappear from this world.
"Sect Chief, can you tell me the reason behind this?" Luo Zheng continued asking.
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, then he finally got down to business. "Not only does Luo Yan have a Saint rank talent, she also has a special body type called the Extreme Purple Yin Body!"
"Extreme Purple Yin Body?" Luo Zheng raised his brows. He had never heard of this before.
"That's right, the Extreme Purple Yin Body is a special bloodline. When she breaks through to the Divine Core realm and forms her Divine Core in the future, she will be able to form an Extreme Purple Divine Core, which is different from ordinary warriors. Furthermore, when she breaks through to the Divine Core realm, her strength will far surpass her opponents at the same level as her." Shi Jingtian explained.
"If that's the case, this is something my sister brought out from her mother's womb. Could it be that someone is coveting her Extreme Purple Yin Body? Could it be that the Extreme Purple Yin Body can be taken away? "Luo Zheng asked. Vaguely, Luo Zheng felt that he was getting closer and closer to the truth.
"Those who possess the Extreme Purple Yin Body are all females. A unique body type like this is extremely rare, and it's hard to find one out of a trillion people." Shi Jingtian said with a serious expression, "Although the Extreme Purple Yin Body can't be taken away, the Primordial Yin Body can be taken away by someone! There is an overlord in the central region, and he wants to set up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation. In order to set up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, he needs three girls with the Extreme Violet Yin Body, and all of them must be at the Divine Core realm! "
Primordial Yin Body, Sexual Union …
Hearing these two words, Luo Zheng's expression became extremely gloomy.
There were some evil cultivation techniques in this world that required a man to have sex with a woman, and then take her Primordial Yin Body to increase his cultivation.
Luo Yan possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body, which was an extremely rare body type, and it also required Luo Yan to reach the Divine Core realm. It wasn't hard to imagine how strong the man was!
"Don't they need three females with the Extreme Purple Yin Body?" Luo Zheng asked again. Since the Extreme Purple Yin Body was so rare, and only one out of a trillion people, it was extremely difficult to gather three females with the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and all of them had to break through to the Divine Core realm.
Shi Jingtian said, "The level of this matter is too high, and it's not something I can handle. Three females with the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and all of them have reached the Divine Core realm, and it's extremely difficult to gather them from so many people. However, those mighty warriors in the Central Domain have all sorts of methods, and it's not impossible for them to do it. Also, it's because it's extremely difficult to gather them that we have an excuse to keep Luo Yan in the Blue Cloud Sect, and use cultivation as an excuse to keep her in Purgatory Mountain. That's why you said I didn't allow Luo Yan to leave Purgatory Mountain, but in fact, it's to protect Luo Yan, not to imprison her!"
So, this was the reason.
Luo Zheng's brows trembled, and anger started building up in his heart.
He was still too weak. He never expected Luo Yan to encounter something like this in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Did the Cloud Hall do anything wrong? Judging from Shi Jingtian's tone, it seemed like they still wanted to protect Luo Yan. However, the man who wanted to collect her vital Yin seemed to be too strong, and Luo Zheng had no idea if that man was from the Cloud Hall, or if he was from some other power in the Central Domain that wasn't part of the Cloud Hall.
These were the questions that Luo Zheng had been pondering in his mind.
Although he was furious, he wasn't an idiot. Shi Jingtian looked sincere, and Luo Zheng believed his words. However, he couldn't completely trust him. After all, Shi Jingtian was still working for the Cloud Hall. Although he had no reason to lie to Luo Zheng, if the man who wanted to set up the Great Heavenly Devil Ovation Formation was someone with a high position in the Cloud Hall, Shi Jingtian had no way of resisting.
At that time, not only would he not be able to save Luo Yan, he might not be able to escape with his life either.
Time, I need time to become stronger. Luo Zheng roared inwardly. Regardless of whether it was for himself or for Luo Yan, he had to quickly increase his strength.
"I want to see my younger sister. Can I make this request?" Luo Zheng asked.
Shi Jingtian nodded and said with a smile, "I can satisfy this request of yours. I can even allow you to bring Luo Yan out of Purgatory Mountain. However, the time limit cannot be too long, because that person has already sent people to the Blue Cloud Sect time and time again. We have always used Luo Yan's seclusion as an excuse to stop them. If news of Luo Yan casually entering and leaving Purgatory Mountain were to spread, it might be hard to explain."
"I understand. I am going to see Luo Yan right now!" Luo Zheng said calmly. After experiencing an intense mental struggle just now, he already quickly restrained his excited mood. Everything would be chaotic if one cared too much. Since Luo Yan encountered this type of troublesome matter, Luo Zheng's mind couldn't be chaotic even more. He had to find a way to resolve this problem.
"Elder Xu, bring Luo Zheng to Purgatory Mountain." Shi Jingtian ordered.
After Elder Xu obeyed, he casually waved his hand. A five foot wide emerald green leaf appeared beneath his feet. "Luo Zheng, stand here and follow me to Purgatory Mountain."
When Luo Zheng stepped onto that leaf, it floated into the air, shooting into the air.