Elder Xu seemed to have sensed Luo Zheng's emotions, so he said, "I understand that you are very excited about the bond between siblings. This old man is obviously not as capable as the Sect Master, but after living for a few hundred years, I would like to give you a piece of advice."
"Elder Xu, please speak," Luo Zheng said respectfully.
Elder Xu was the most powerful Elder in the Blue Cloud Sect. His position was second only to Shi Jingtian and the Vice Sect Master. However, Elder Xu wasn't a member of the Cloud Hall. The enormous Cloud Hall didn't attach much importance to the Eastern Domain's Blue Cloud Sect. Historically, they would only select one or two people from the Cloud Hall to manage the Blue Cloud Sect. For example, the Sect Master and the Vice Sect Master were both members of the Cloud Hall.
"You are very talented and have caught the Sect Master's eye. If you can successfully pass the test of the Blue Cloud Road, you may be recognized by the Cloud Hall. If you can really grow, I'm afraid that your future achievements will be far beyond my reach. However, there is one thing you must be clear about. Before you are truly strong, you can only endure. You must grit your teeth and endure. Even if you can't endure, you must endure. A dead genius is not a genius. Only by living can you become stronger and have the opportunity to truly help Luo Yan."
When Elder Xu spoke, his back was facing Luo Zheng. His words made Luo Zheng's heart tremble.
However, Elder Xu had completely seen through his feelings.
Who asked Luo Yan to be his biggest weakness? When Shi Jingtian said that, he was so excited that he couldn't control himself. He couldn't even maintain his composure in front of Shi Jingtian.
Sect Master Shi Jingtian's temper wasn't bad. Perhaps he could tolerate his impudence. However, what if it was someone else? What if it was the person who wanted to set up the Great Demonic Union Array and take Luo Yan's Vital Yin? With that person's strength, he could kill him with a breath. If he fought with him, he would only die in vain!
"I'll keep that in mind, Elder Xu. Thank you for reminding me." Luo Zheng nodded silently.
Elder Xu replied with a "hmm". Originally, this matter didn't have much to do with him. However, when he saw Luo Zheng's restrained expression, Elder Xu recalled an old incident that he had encountered when he was young. That incident was more or less similar to what Luo Zheng was experiencing now. At that time, Elder Xu's strength was not enough. He could only grit his teeth and swallow his blood. Finally, he succeeded in cultivation and was able to avenge himself!
This could be considered a piece of advice from an experienced person to a junior.
Luo Zheng's performance in the All-Peak Grand Competition was simply too amazing, causing Elder Xu to cherish his talent a little. Such a little guy's future was really limitless. It would be a pity if he really rushed to court death because of this matter.
Elder Xu's leaf's speed was extremely fast. Soon afterwards, that dark Purgatory Mountain appeared before Luo Zheng's eyes.
Purgatory Mountain's highest peak. Lava continuously roiled and leapt from the volcano's crater, as if it might erupt at any time. From time to time, there would be black smoke roiling over, at the same time releasing a strong smell of sulfur.
A young lady dressed in green clothes was sitting on a platform, currently meditating with her eyes closed.
At this young lady's side, true essence continuously changed forms. Sometimes, the true essence turned into nimble little fishes. Those little fishes seemed to really possess life, continuously fluttering and leaping about. Sometimes, the true essence turned into graceful and elegant butterflies, lingering about this young lady's surroundings.
To be able to control true essence to this degree, perhaps not even Mo Family's Patriarch Mo Xiuyan had this type of ability. Mo Xiuyan could even condense all types of weapons, but weapons were inanimate objects after all, comparatively easier to visualize.
Meanwhile, this green-clothed young lady could easily create all types of animals, and they even looked vivid and lifelike. Her understanding of true essence transformation already far exceeded the imaginations of her peers.
Soon afterwards, the green-clothed young lady suddenly reached out her hand. True essence slowly poured out from her slender and fair fingers, slowly condensing into a head portrait in front of her. That head portrait had delicate features, eyes full of vigor, drawn to perfection. It was shockingly Luo Zheng!
"I wonder how big brother is doing right now. Forget it, it should be the day of the Great Peak Competition. With big brother's strength, I fear that he doesn't have the qualifications to participate in the Great Peak Competition, right?" Luo Yan shook her head, her small lips pursing.
Last time, when Luo Zheng entered Purgatory Mountain, the brother and sister only gave each other a look from the distance, not even seeing each other's faces clearly. However, Luo Yan understood clearly that Luo Zheng was only an outer sect disciple at that time.
Forget about outer sect disciples, even inner sect disciples rarely had the qualifications to participate in the Great Peak Competition. Meanwhile, only the peak existences in the inner sect could obtain the qualifications to participate in the Great Peak Competition.
Even though her brother's talent wasn't bad, there was still some distance between him and the peak of the inner sect.
However, if he was at Xiao Yufeng and other lower ranked peaks, then there might be a bit of a chance. However, there weren't such coincidences. When she thought of this, Luo Yan looked at Luo Zheng's face in her hand, and then she laughed. She laughed extremely happily.
Right at this time, she suddenly sensed a trace of true essence fluctuation from the distance. Under the young lady's sharp perception, she raised her head and saw Elder Xu step on a leaf, quickly approaching her.
"Yi, who is that?" Luo Yan's eyes widened, staring into the distance. From the very beginning, she was puzzled, but it gradually turned into astonishment, and then she revealed pleasant surprise! Luo Yan almost couldn't believe her eyes!
As Elder Xu steadily stopped on the platform, Luo Zheng walked down from the leaf, looking at his sister in a daze.
The brother and sister were both in a daze.
People were like this. Sometimes, after looking forward to something for a long time, when it really happened, it was often hard to believe, or rather, they didn't dare to believe.
Elder Xu stood to the side and didn't speak. Even though he had lived for hundreds of years and had seen too many deaths, he still felt gratified when he saw this scene. The world of martial artists was indeed cruel, but it contained a trace of family affection that made people feel warm.
"Brother!" After Luo Yan suddenly climbed up from the platform, she rushed towards Luo Zheng. Almost without thinking, she threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
She had completely forgotten that she was already a sixteen-year-old girl.
After being separated for so many years, they unexpectedly met again in such a place, in such a situation.
Luo Zheng's hand gently touched Luo Yan's soft black hair, and his heart was also filled with emotion. Both of them enjoyed this kind of joy very much.
Unknowingly, Luo Yan's height was actually the same as Luo Zheng's. The former weak little girl had become a tall girl.
"Brother, why can you come up here? And … Elder Xu personally sent you up here? " Luo Yan was a little puzzled. Although she noticed that Luo Zheng was wearing a black robe and had obviously been promoted to an inner disciple, there were also many inner disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. How could he receive such treatment?
"I participated in the All-Peak Competition," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Really?" Luo Yan's eyes widened, and there was even a trace of disbelief on her face. Half a year ago, Luo Zheng was only a Half-step to the Innate Realm. Even if his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, it would be very difficult for him to squeeze into the All-Peak Competition.
Luo Zheng nodded.
"What's your rank?" Luo Yan smiled. She had participated in the All-Peak Competition, and had obtained an amazing rank! Back then, Jade Maiden Peak was also led by her all the way to the second place of the thirty-three peaks! In the end, Luo Yan was defeated by a personal disciple, and was ranked eighth on the Green Cloud Ranking. However, after Luo Yan was imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain, her name was removed from the Green Cloud Ranking.
"The ranking hasn't been determined yet. There's still one more battle," Luo Zheng said.
"There's still one more battle?" Luo Yan obviously didn't understand.
At this time, Elder Xu chuckled from the side. "There is indeed one more battle, and it's scheduled to be held in three days. In fact, it's the battle between the first and second place of this All-Peak Competition!"
"Ah?" Luo Yan covered her mouth with her hand, and her big brown eyes revealed a look of disbelief. "The battle between the first and second place of the All-Peak Competition? Brother, you … are only at the Innate Realm second stage, right? "
"En!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"But, but …" Luo Yan didn't believe it at all, but Luo Yan understood Elder Xu's status clearly. He definitely wouldn't speak carelessly and work together with Luo Zheng to deceive her. Moreover, it was Elder Xu who personally sent him to Purgatory Mountain to see her. If not for Luo Zheng's outstanding performance in the All-Peak Competition, how could he bear this kind of treatment?
Luo Yan spat out a few 'buts' in succession. That shocked expression on her little face was who knew how cute it was. After the shock, Luo Yan stuck out her tongue and said with a smile, "I knew it, brother is the most outstanding!"
In the end, she was different from an outsider. If it was someone else, they might be shocked for a long time. Even if Luo Yan felt that it was inconceivable, she still quickly accepted the miracle created by Luo Zheng.
It wasn't that she wasn't shocked, but rather that she felt this was to be expected. In this young girl's eyes, her brother was invincible since he was young.
"Brother, is my father still well?" Luo Yan asked.
When she heard Luo Yan's question, Luo Zheng's face immediately became ice-cold. She still didn't know that her father already passed away.
How was she supposed to tell Luo Yan?
This type of thing couldn't be hidden at all.
She would find out sooner or later.
After a bit of hesitation, Luo Zheng said, "Father was killed by second uncle and third uncle …"
"What …" Luo Yan was shocked, her face revealing an expression of disbelief.
"Luo Bingquan, Luo Junyi, these two bastards, for the sake of obtaining the position of family head, joined hands to plot against our father." Luo Zheng said coldly.
Weng weng weng …
The True Essence floating around Luo Yan suddenly turned into countless sharp thorns. She had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, and the True Essence in her body was far denser than True Essence of the same level. Moreover, the speed at which she absorbed True Essence was also very astonishing. Therefore, she didn't keep True Essence in her body like other people. Sometimes when she had too much True Essence in her dantian, she would deliberately waste some True Essence.
At this moment, the True Essence turned into sharp thorns, like an angry hedgehog, emitting bursts of killing intent, venting out Luo Yan's emotions.