After being separated for several years, and then being imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain, almost all information from the outside world was cut off. She never expected that when she met her older brother again, what she heard was her father's grievous news.
While feeling grief, Luo Yan's killing intent also couldn't be restrained.
Her killing intent was extremely soft. Even though her eyes were red, it still couldn't hide her incomparably elegant temperament. She was like a wounded little leopard that was on the verge of erupting at any time.
Not even Luo Zheng could ignore the true essence floating around her body. Luo Yan's cultivation method seemed to be quite special, allowing her to 'visualize at will'. Whatever she thought about in her head, she could naturally visualize her true essence.
She suddenly turned her head, all of her spikes aiming at Elder Xu.
This movement instead gave Elder Xu a fright. Of course, with Elder Xu's strength, he naturally didn't fear Luo Yan doing anything harmful. Instead, he was scared that Luo Yan wouldn't be able to endure this blow. In the end, she was still a little girl, even younger than Luo Zheng …
"Elder Xu, I wish to make a trip out of Purgatory Mountain." Luo Yan said calmly.
Elder Xu remained silent for a bit. In principle, Luo Yan leaving Purgatory Mountain was an extremely unwise choice. The reason why the Blue Cloud Sect left Luo Yan in Purgatory Mountain was because of cultivation. If she randomly left and this type of news got out, it wouldn't be good at all.
"Didn't Sect Master Shi say before? Temporarily leaving Purgatory Mountain is also fine. "Luo Zheng mentioned Sect Master Shi's words.
"This isn't entirely impossible." Elder Xu thought for a bit. After all, the distance between the Eastern Region and the Central Domain wasn't close. Even if Luo Yan temporarily left, it would still be difficult for news to reach the Central Domain.
"In that case, just let me make a trip out. Even though I am trapped in Purgatory Mountain in the name of cultivation, no one said that I have to always cultivate, that I can't go out for a breath of fresh air?" Luo Yan said calmly.
She already knew that she was chosen as a dual cultivation vessel by some almighty figure, and she had already made up her mind.
If that almighty figure really managed to gather three Divine Core warriors in the future, as well as a girl with the Extreme Violet Yin Body, she would just kill herself. Compared to Luo Zheng, she was much more indifferent towards this matter. She could choose to break free at any time, and no one could stop her.
"I can apply to Sect Leader Shi for this matter, but I want to know what you want to do outside?" Elder Xu still asked.
Luo Yan looked at the vast mountains in the distance with a cold expression. Although Luo Yan was a woman, she was also a warrior. After stepping on the path of a warrior, if one did not have a firm heart, they would not be able to go far. The bad news from her father had indeed made her extremely sad, but she was not like other women who were immersed in sorrow and could not extricate themselves from it.
The world of martial artists was filled with hot-bloodedness, killing, cruelty, and a firm will. She had left two soft spots in her heart for her brother and father, but when her father's death came, one of those soft spots disappeared as well.
She spat out four words from her small mouth, "Go home and kill people."
Simple, powerful, and filled with killing intent.
Hearing Luo Yan's words, Elder Xu nodded his head. He could understand Luo Yan's reaction. How could she not avenge her father's death?
Elder Xu turned to Luo Zheng. He didn't care about the Luo family's affairs, but he knew a little about it. Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's older brother, so he should be the one to make the decision.
Luo Zheng let out a long sigh. He needed to put an end to this matter. "I've been away for so long, it's time for me to go home. But, I'll have to wait until the last fight between me and Pei Tianyao!"
"En! I want to watch the fight, I want to see if my older brother is lying! Is he really that strong? "Luo Yan blinked her eyes and asked.
Elder Xu chuckled and said, "You little girl, I'm a dignified Elder, why would I lie to you about this kind of thing?"
"Maybe!" Luo Yan sorted out her mood and smiled. Her face seemed to be covered in a layer of soft brilliance, so beautiful that it was dazzling.
Although Luo Yan believed Luo Zheng's words without a doubt, but with the strength of the 2nd layer of Body Refinement, competing for first place in the All-Peak Tournament?
She really wanted to see it with her own eyes.
In these three days, Luo Zheng cultivated in the secret room, digesting all the things he comprehended in the All-Peak Tournament.
The most important thing for a martial artist was not only talent, but also foundation.
For example, the disciples of the seven noble families may have cultivation, but their actual fighting strength was not strong. Of course, it was because they didn't cultivate diligently, but more importantly, they used pills to cultivate and raise their cultivation level. Although their cultivation level was high, their foundation was not stable.
Using pills to cultivate was not impossible, but one had to build a solid foundation before climbing up.
If the foundation was not solid, it would even affect the upper limit of one's growth, and one might not be able to break through for the rest of one's life.
Some talented martial artists would not only not be anxious to improve their cultivation level, but would also suppress their cultivation level until they could no longer suppress it, then they would naturally break through!
Luo Zheng's cultivation level was indeed very slow, and a large part of the reason was that he had never taken any pills to improve his cultivation level, so until now, he was only at the Xiantian 2nd layer, so his cultivation was far more stable and solid than other martial artists.
But after the All-Peak Tournament, Luo Zheng had a faint feeling that he was about to break through, and this feeling was simply impossible to suppress.
After three days of seclusion, Luo Zheng came out of the secret room, and his strength was already at the Xiantian 3rd layer.
In these three days, Luo Zheng spent very quickly cultivating and comprehending. Not only did he have a breakthrough in his cultivation level, but he also had a certain understanding of the murderous aura, which was also the evil aura.
After establishing a connection with the Massacre Sword Mountain, Luo Zheng focused on studying the root of evil aura, and discovered that evil aura was actually a very strange kind of energy.
Earlier, Luo Zheng had thought that evil aura was a kind of destructive power, after all, killing and massacring other creatures was a disaster for them.
But Luo Zheng used the evil aura emitted by Sword Spirit Yao Ye to constantly ponder, and soon overturned this idea.
Evil aura was completely different from the destructive power, and was actually a kind of life force.
When a creature was massacred, it would be very unwilling, angry, sad, and even curse the creature that killed it to die a horrible death, and then die with deep resentment.
Evil aura was formed under such circumstances, and it was actually a kind of curse power that was emitted by the life force when a creature was on its deathbed!
Even if a creature was as small as an ant, it would still emit its own curse power before it died. That ant probably didn't even have its own thoughts, and didn't have the self-awareness to work for its future, so how could it emit a curse power?
Luo Zheng couldn't figure this out, and could only attribute it to a miracle from the Creator!
However, an ant was still too small, and the curse power it emitted was almost negligible. The more powerful a creature was, the more vigorous its life force would be before it died, and the curse power it emitted would be even more powerful!
This curse power would attach itself to the body, and over time, it would form evil aura!
Evil aura was originally a curse power that was emitted by a creature after it was killed, and it was something that was only harmful and had no benefits.
But there were too many geniuses in this world, and later on, someone invented a cultivation technique that used evil aura, and turned this originally harmful thing into an attack! Evil aura contained the life force, so it was naturally very powerful, but it had its advantages and disadvantages. In order to obtain more evil aura, one could only choose to slaughter more creatures, and in the process, if one wasn't careful, the evil aura in one's body would backfire and cause one to go berserk …
But for Luo Zheng, this wasn't a problem. He was connected to the Massacre Sword Mountain, and could store and withdraw evil aura from it.
The problem was that Luo Zheng wasn't a bloodthirsty person, so the source of the evil aura was a problem. Moreover, the evil aura in Sword Spirit Yao Ye's body was limited, and every bit used was one less.
This problem could only be solved in the future.
There were even more disciples gathered around the All-Sect Grand Competition's arena today.
Because the previous battles had already ended, and only the final battle between Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao was left, the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples were no longer restricted from watching this battle. Regardless of whether it was an inner or outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, they were all allowed to watch the battle in person!
The problem was, someone in the upper echelon of the Blue Cloud Sect had thought of this rotten idea. Watching the battle in person required one point!
One point didn't matter much to the inner disciples. After all, even if a grassroots disciple was promoted to an inner disciple, they could still more or less complete missions and earn some points. The inner disciples who couldn't participate in the All-Sect Grand Competition would definitely be happy to pay one point to watch the battle in person.
After all, watching other people's battles would be of great help to their own strength. They might even be able to break through due to an epiphany.
But for the outer disciples, it was a different story. The landowning household disciples were fine, but even those who weren't wealthy could only grit their teeth and exchange two square crystals for one point. As for the grassroots disciples who didn't have enough square crystals, they couldn't complete missions and exchange them for points. In the end, they could only miss this great opportunity and wait anxiously beside the letter tablet …
The image on the Blue Cloud Sect's letter tablet was quite clear, but it wasn't as satisfying as watching the battle in person.
On this day, after paying the points, the number of disciples who came to the All-Sect Grand Competition probably exceeded 100,000. It was almost surrounding the battle arena.
Luo Yan stood in a corner with a purple complexion. Looking at so many people, her eyes, which were almost perfect, were filled with shock. It was not that she had not participated in the All-Peak Tournament. How could there be such a big scene? Could it be that the Blue Cloud Sect's development in the past few years was far beyond her imagination? She heard a lot of people talking about the name "Luo Zheng". Her brother's popularity was actually so high?
Even Luo Yan didn't achieve this achievement.
Her little head couldn't figure it out at all, but after a while, she didn't want to think about it anymore. Her long eyelashes trembled, and finally, her eyes narrowed into a crescent moon. Because Luo Zheng walked onto the battle arena and waved at her!
＝＝＝＝＝