Facing hundreds of thousands of Blue Cloud Sect disciples, Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the arena and waved in one direction. This action was very eye-catching.
"Who's over there? Who is Luo Zheng waving to? "
Many disciples looked in the direction that Luo Zheng was waving his hand in unison.
Everyone saw a woman wearing a veil standing to the side. She was slim and elegant, like a green lotus, untainted by dust.
Although the woman was stunned and covered her face with a veil, just her limpid eyes were enough to mesmerize all living beings.
"Who's that woman? Why is she so beautiful? "
"I don't think I've seen her before! She's so charming with only half of her face exposed. If she takes off her veil, won't she be able to enchant people? "
"Take off her veil? Do you have the guts to try? Although that woman is hiding her cultivation, she's definitely not weak. At least you're not her opponent! "
"Alas, Luo Zheng is really lucky. If only I had such a beautiful woman by my side …"
Voices of envy and jealousy rose and fell for a while.
With so many eyes on her, Luo Yan was a little nervous for a while. After all, she hadn't encountered such a scene for a long time.
Among these tens of thousands of eyes, there was one that was very unhappy. The owner of this gaze was Zhu Qianning.
One point was nothing to Miss Zhu. Since she could come to the arena in person, she naturally rushed to the arena. However, she didn't expect to see Luo Zheng waving to a woman.
Previously, Zhu Qianning didn't see any women by Luo Zheng's side. Why did one after another appear after the All-Peak Competition? Zhu Qianning curled her lips, not knowing what to say.
She wasn't a prophet. Naturally, it was impossible for her to know that the veiled woman was Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan. She was jealous of the wrong person.
While everyone was talking about this, Pei Tianyao also stepped onto the stage.
In the last battle with Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao used the Immovable Wisdom King Body and broke Hua Tianming's Heavenly Punishment Sword that contained the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence.
That palm left too deep an impression on everyone.
Everyone was shocked to find out that Pei Tianyao had hidden his strength so deeply! The Blue Cloud Sect was indeed a place full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons. At such a young age, Pei Tianyao was already so capable. Moreover, he was the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King. In the future, Pei Tianyao's achievements would not be lower than the Sect Leader, Shi Jingtian.
As for Luo Zheng, in everyone's opinion, this match boded ill rather than well.
Luo Zheng had also defeated Hua Tianming, who had comprehended the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence, and possessed a sword spirit.
But no matter how strong he was, how strong was the reincarnation of Acalanatha, Pei Tianyao? The mysteries of Buddhism were extensive and profound, and their foundation was even more powerful. Luo Zheng may have outstanding talent, but whether it was the realm or the absolute strength he showed, he could not be compared to Pei Tianyao.
"Why do I feel that Luo Zheng might win?" a disciple asked.
"Indeed, Luo Zheng's strength in the battle with Hua Tianming was not strong, but have you forgotten? Luo Zheng is simply a strong opponent. From the very beginning, his strength was very ordinary, but as the All-Sect Great Competition progressed, his strength steadily rose. "
"En, Luo Zheng is also a weirdo. Facing the strength of a Xiantian Full Circle master, he still won with difficulty. Facing the strength of a Divine Reflection master, he still won with difficulty. Facing Hua Tianming, he still won with difficulty. Maybe facing Pei Tianyao, he can still win with difficulty, haha!"
Overall, 70% of the disciples thought that Pei Tianyao would win, and only 30% thought that Luo Zheng would win.
One of the key points was that there was a huge gap between the realms. If Luo Zheng could defeat Pei Tianyao at Xiantian second stage, then after he reached Pei Tianyao's realm, wouldn't he be invincible in the Divine Reflection realm?
After Pei Tianyao stood on the stage, his calm eyes looked at Luo Zheng and said: "I appreciate you very much. You chose to let me rest for three days. According to my speculation, if I don't use the Acala Wisdom King, I am afraid it will be very difficult for me to defeat you."
Luo Zheng took out the sword in his hand and shook his head slightly: "The one who chose to fight with you is not me, but my heart of martial arts! If I don't fight with you in your complete state, I am afraid it will be very difficult for me to clear my mind. "
Clear mind meant carefree and unobstructed!
Martial artists often encountered all kinds of bottlenecks in their cultivation. If their mind was not clear, then they would not feel carefree and their martial arts would be hindered.
Therefore, regardless of victory or defeat, Luo Zheng would choose to fight with Pei Tianyao in his peak state.
"So that's how it is." Pei Tianyao's eyes flashed with a strange luster, "I haven't seen such an ambitious youth like you in a long time!"
Pei Tianyao cultivated Buddhist cultivation methods and followed the ten precepts of Buddhism to maintain his current state of mind. However, Luo Zheng cultivated the way of the sword and did not follow any powerful precepts. Yet, he was able to persist in his heart of martial arts to this point. It could only be said that Luo Zheng had extreme control over his own mind.
His soul was strong, his body was strong, and even his mind was strong. It had to be said that Luo Zheng was a terrifying person.
"Don't say anymore. This battle, I want to win!" Luo Zheng's sword suddenly shot out from his spatial ring. The sword's blade was dazzling under the sunlight. Like Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng also chose to attack first!
Pei Tianyao was too strong. To deal with him, Luo Zheng needed to seize the initiative. All masters had the same goal. Unfortunately, Hua Tianming did not manage to seize the initiative. Instead, he was suppressed by Pei Tianyao's endless stream of Buddhist cultivation methods.
Pei Tianyao did not panic. He clasped his hands together and pointed his index finger and ring finger at Luo Zheng. A 'Formless Finger of Disaster' shot out.
Regarding Luo Zheng's attempt to seize the initiative, Pei Tianyao was aware that he could easily deal with it. But, he had forgotten that Luo Zheng was not Hua Tianming …
Hua Tianming was a natural swordsman. He relied on the Corroding Blood Sword in his hands.
But Luo Zheng was an all-around talent! The sword was his sharpest weapon, and also his most reliable method of attack. But, this did not mean that he was weaker than Pei Tianyao in other aspects!
"Ding!"
The finger force of the Formless Finger of Disaster stirred up a fierce gust of wind and deflected Luo Zheng's sword.
If it were Hua Tianming, he would definitely try to stabilize his sword and then attack Pei Tianyao. At most, he would use sword steps to deal with it.
But when Luo Zheng's sword was deflected, Luo Zheng directly swung his fist.
"Dragon Scales Open!"
With the power of more than a hundred dragon scales, Luo Zheng's arm was like a balloon filled with air. Every muscle in his arm swelled up, and the blue veins on his arm were like coiling dragons.
Pei Tianyao did not expect that Luo Zheng would not even use True Essence. Instead, he only relied on his body to punch.
So, when Luo Zheng swung his fist, Pei Tianyao did not care too much. He only wanted to use the 'Great Thousand Leaf Hands' to defuse Luo Zheng's fist. But when Luo Zheng's fist approached, Pei Tianyao's face suddenly changed.
The power of Luo Zheng's fist was far beyond Pei Tianyao's estimation. He could only hurriedly activate his Golden Bell Shield. His temperament had always been as calm as water, but at this moment, he could not help but feel depressed. This guy was not a human. His innate strength should have a limit!
Dong!
Luo Zheng's fist hit Pei Tianyao's Golden Bell Shield!
The Golden Bell Shield was indeed very strong. Even after being hit by Luo Zheng's fierce strength, it was not completely broken, but it was full of cracks.
However, Luo Zheng's tyrannical strength directly hit Pei Tianyao and sent him flying. Pei Tianyao hit the light barrier and stopped.
The elders of the Blue Cloud Sect had already expected that the battle between Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao would be too strong. Today, there were many disciples who came to watch the battle. So, several elders joined forces to make the light barrier very strong. Therefore, when Pei Tianyao hit the light barrier, it only shook a little and did not break.
"Pei Tianyao was sent flying with a punch? Is there a need to be so abnormal? "
"Didn't you just say that Pei Tianyao will win? What do you think? Didn't I say that Luo Zheng is a freak who gets stronger when encountering a strong opponent? This pattern has been repeated many times. In a while, Pei Tianyao will definitely show his strength. But after being blocked by Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng will definitely fight back! "
"He just used his innate strength to hit Pei Tianyao. So what? Pei Tianyao has not shown his strength yet! "
"You are talking as if Luo Zheng used his full strength. Luo Zheng did not even use his Zhenqi!"
Around the two people, the crowd began to discuss again. Many people even started to argue.
Among the disciples, only Zhao Zhao had his hands behind his back. With a chuckle on his face, he said: "Quarrel, quarrel! Anyway, I have already made a lot of money. I have earned enough! "
In the final round, Zhao Zhao did not bet on Luo Zheng or Pei Tianyao to win. It was not that he did not want to bet. It was because he had bet on Luo Zheng all the way until now. It can be said that his wealth could only be described as terrifying. The banker he found to bet with Zhao Zhao was equivalent to going bankrupt!
The other bankers were even more ruthless. As soon as they heard that Zhao Zhao had come to escort Luo Zheng, they simply ignored him. With a bloody example, no one knew whether Luo Zheng would win or not. It would be fine if he lost, but if Luo Zheng won, Zhao Zhao would also go bankrupt with such a large bet.
Therefore, Zhao Zhao did not care about winning or losing in the competition. Anyway, he had won enough. After this competition, he became a millionaire. He estimated that in the whole Blue Cloud Sect, he was the only one. And all of this was thanks to Luo Zheng. From the bottom of his heart, he still hoped that Luo Zheng would win!