"Abstain from anger, abstain from pride, abstain from impatience, abstain from greed, abstain from lust, abstain from..." Pei Tianyao kept reciting.
Pei Tianyao's temperament was very good, but it did not mean that he had no feelings. If he had no emotions, then he was not a human, but a god.
However, Pei Tianyao's self-control was very strong. Although he was embarrassed by Luo Zheng's punch, his mind was still calm as he recited the words.
"Your strength, how can it be so strong? Innate divine strength also has a limit. Your strength has already surpassed the limit of a Xiantian expert. "Pei Tianyao said with a dignified face.
Before, Luo Zheng had also used his full strength, but most people did not have Pei Tianyao's vision. They were able to see the strangeness of Luo Zheng's strength.
But with the strength of his body, Luo Zheng had indeed surpassed the limit of a Xiantian expert.
Strength was not limitless. It must be matched with a strong body. If the strength was too strong and the body could not keep up, then when Luo Zheng punched, his body would be crushed by his own strength.
Luo Zheng's body had been tempered thousands of times and became a middle-level spirit tool. His body was comparable to a spirit tool, so naturally, he could bear this kind of strength!
This was Luo Zheng's biggest secret. Naturally, he would not tell Pei Tianyao. Luo Zheng smiled and said. "Can I choose not to tell you?"
"Well, you can, but I am also very confident in the strength of my body." Pei Tianyao nodded his head. The Golden Bell Shield that shrouded his body suddenly collapsed. Then, golden Zhen Yuan constantly poured out and covered Pei Tianyao's body. It made him look like a man made of pure gold!
At this time, Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng's mysterious golden runes were very similar, but the two were fundamentally different.
When Luo Zheng's body began to absorb the flames, the golden runes turned into a golden vortex.
Every inch of Pei Tianyao's skin turned golden. His whole body looked like a man made of gold!
"Invincible Vajra Body! That's the Invincible Vajra Body! "A disciple suddenly shouted.
When Hua Tianming saw Pei Tianyao's Invincible Vajra Body, he sighed in his heart. Although he had forced Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha shadow out, Pei Tianyao seemed to have more tricks up his sleeve. This Invincible Vajra Body was clearly another trump card of Pei Tianyao.
"Invincible Vajra Body?" Looking at Pei Tianyao's golden body, Luo Zheng clenched his fist, his heart was already itching to try.
He had a spirit tool body. In terms of physical strength, even Sect Master Shi Jingtian was not as good as him. After all, the Blue Cloud Sect mainly cultivated the True Essence system. Very few people practiced dual cultivation because it was too difficult. A person's lifespan was limited. Being good at one thing was better than being good at one thing. Dual cultivation was destined to be strenuous and unrewarding.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng could not be considered a dual cultivator of body and energy. This was because the cultivation method of body refinement was completely different from Luo Zheng's' taking a beating 'cultivation method. Rather than saying that Luo Zheng was refining his body, it was better to say that he was using himself as a weapon to cultivate.
However, although his method was not a Body Refining Technique, it was more powerful and overbearing than a Body Refining Technique!
After Pei Tianyao displayed the Invincible Vajra Body, Luo Zheng put the Flowing Light Sword back into his spatial ring.
"What is Luo Zheng doing? He put his sword back? "
"I don't understand. I don't understand. Pei Tianyao used the Invincible Vajra Body, but he put his sword back? Is he going to admit defeat? "
"Is he going to use his own body to fight Pei Tianyao? Although Luo Zheng's body is strong, facing the Invincible Vajra Body … this? "
Everyone was stunned.
Born with divine strength and a tyrannical body, Luo Zheng relied on these two magic treasures to maintain a complete victory in the first half of the Full-Peak Competition. Many disciples were very clear about this.
However, no matter how tyrannical your body was, there was ultimately a limit. Therefore, in the second half of the Full-Peak Competition, Luo Zheng drew his sword and no longer relied on his innate divine strength and tyrannical body. Many spectators also felt that this was natural.
No matter how strong the Body Refining Technique was, it was still not a match for True Essence. He could deal with the weaker disciples, but if he encountered powerhouses like Wang Yun and Hua Tianming, he would give it a try.
To everyone's astonishment, he was going to do this again in the face of Pei Tianyao?
Pei Tianyao dared to do this because he had practiced the Invincible Vajra Body. In fact, the golden layer on Pei Tianyao's body was also condensed by True Essence, not the ability of his body. Luo Zheng only relied on his body to fight Pei Tianyao. Wasn't he courting death?
At this moment, the most astonished person was Luo Yan.
At this time, she had found a place to sit down. Her eyes never left her brother.
To be able to overcome all difficulties and reach this point in the Full-Peak Competition, Luo Yan knew that her brother was really strong, even if she did not watch her brother's previous battles.
But she did not expect Luo Zheng to be so strong!
"Brother, are you really going to fight Pei Tianyao head-on?"
"So confident!"
"Brother, come on!"
Luo Yan did not have much confidence in Luo Zheng's plan to fight Pei Tianyao, but she still believed in Luo Zheng's strength, even though her small hands were clenched tightly and her palms were full of sweat.
Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao were like two savage beasts from the wilderness at this moment. Four eyes looked at each other, and suddenly rushed to each other.
The speed of the two's punches was extremely fast. Both sides used the fiercest attack, and rarely defended!
Both sides relied on their strong bodies to collide with each other. This was a contest of strength against strength. At this moment, the two of them interpreted the aesthetics of violence to the extreme!
Looking at the punches on the flesh, the audience was so shocked that they almost forgot to breathe!
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng was a little better in terms of moves. Pei Tianyao had practiced too many techniques, too many of them, and a variety of fist techniques were emerging endlessly.
However, Luo Zheng had a little advantage over Pei Tianyao in terms of physical strength.
Perhaps Pei Tianyao's Invincible Vajra Body was more durable than Luo Zheng's Medium Level Spiritual Tool Body, but Luo Zheng's Medium Level Spiritual Tool Body could greatly weaken the opponent's attack, and transform the opponent's strength into a warm current that could cleanse the body.
In this case, Luo Zheng had the advantage.
Moreover, Luo Zheng could mobilize the power of the dragon scale, and in terms of pure strength, he was not at a disadvantage at all! In fact, he was even stronger!
So, in every round of attack, Luo Zheng may be injured by Pei Tianyao three or four times, and Luo Zheng may be able to counterattack twice, or even only once, but Luo Zheng's attack was more threatening than Pei Tianyao's attack by three or four times!
"Ah, Luo Zheng was punched again!"
"I can't watch this anymore. If this punch hits me, I'm afraid my ribs will turn into powder!"
"Only powder? What a joke, do you think Pei Tianyao's strength is not strong? If this punch were to land on your body, it would probably pierce right through your chest. "
"If this continues, Luo Zheng won't be able to hold on for long. He is always getting hit."
On the surface, the situation seemed to be like this, but in fact, the situation was completely opposite!
Pei Tianyao was very confident in his 《Invincible Vajra Body》. In fact, when he used the 《Invincible Vajra Body》, he considered defending against Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword. He felt that the Flowing Light Sword was the real threat to him.
In the end, Luo Zheng directly put away the sword … …
Since that was the case, Pei Tianyao did not say anything. After all, this was Luo Zheng's own choice.
However, the result of the fight surprised him, and the more he fought, the more surprised he became! At this moment, he could no longer maintain his calm state of mind. The originally calm lake had been set off huge waves!
This kid was not afraid of being hit at all!
Pei Tianyao was very clear about his own strength. Although he was not born with divine strength, he could use his True Essence to exert his strength. No matter how strong his body was, he would not dare to face it head-on.
What was Luo Zheng's body? This could no longer be described as a tyrannical body, right? He was simply a vicious beast.