To be able to force Pei Tianyao, who was as steady as a mountain, to curse, Luo Zheng could be considered to have created a record.
The scene in the fighting arena looked very strange.
No matter how one looked at it, Luo Zheng was being beaten. After being hit three or four times, Luo Zheng only had one chance to fight back.
However, Luo Zheng was getting more and more excited. His eyes were getting brighter and brighter. On the other hand, although Pei Tianyao was the one being beaten, his face was full of depression and bitterness. It was as if he was riding a tiger and could not get off!
A warm current was constantly circulating in Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng not only did not feel pain, but also felt comfortable. How could he not be excited?
This kind of thrilling fight, but to Pei Tianyao, it was incomparably dull. It lasted for a while.
Finally, the golden light on Pei Tianyao's body slowly dimmed. Especially his chest and arms, which were often attacked by Luo Zheng, the golden light had faded, revealing the normal color of his skin.
Although the Invincible Vajra Body could be called an "indestructible body," in reality, it relied on the layer of golden light that was formed from the primordial energy on the surface. When that layer of golden light received too many blows, the primordial energy would slowly dissipate. Therefore, the Invincible Vajra Body was actually broken.
It was broken. It was broken by Luo Zheng's pure body. I was wrong. Luo Zheng is not a demon, he is a monster! "
"No, he is not a monster. He is simply a magical weapon, a humanoid magical weapon! He is not afraid of being beaten! "
This disciple was in disbelief. He compared Luo Zheng to a humanoid magical weapon. He did not know that he was right. Luo Zheng was indeed a humanoid magical weapon. Moreover, he was a humanoid magical weapon that was refined all the way!
After the last hit, the golden light on Pei Tianyao's body was finally dispersed by Luo Zheng. With a muffled groan, Pei Tianyao was pushed back seven or eight steps. Obviously, he had suffered internal injuries.
This kind of injury was nothing to Pei Tianyao. The key point was that he had lost the contest of physical strength. Moreover, he had lost thoroughly! Because he saw that Luo Zheng was still smiling, as if he hadn't been beaten enough.
At this time, Pei Tianyao had an illusion. He felt that Luo Zheng was deliberately leading him to beat him up! However, he was too embarrassed to voice out such an outrageous thought. After all, it was impossible for a psychopath in this world to be willing to be beaten up. Masochist?
However, Pei Tianyao did not know that his guess was right!
Luo Zheng wasn't satisfied yet. If it wasn't for the fact that he didn't want others to find out about his special body constitution, he really wanted Pei Tianyao to punch him a few hundred more times!
"It seems that I still overestimated myself," Pei Tianyao shook his head and said with a self-deprecating tone. "Originally, I thought that I could suppress you with my body, but it seems that it was just wishful thinking."
Pei Tianyao dispersed all the True Qi in his body, and a golden shadow appeared behind him. A Buddha statue began to slowly condense.
The Acala Wisdom King had two forms.
The first one was called the Hierophant Chakra, which was a ferocious and angry face. Pei Tianyao had used the Hierophant Chakra to deal with Hua Tianming.
The other was the Righteous Wheel Body, which had a silent smile on its face.
Although the Teaching Wheel Body was angry, it was not the most powerful form. The most powerful form of the Acala Wisdom King was the Righteous Wheel Body!
The shadow behind Pei Tianyao slowly became clearer in the process of condensing! It was completely different from the time when he dealt with Hua Tianming. This Acala Wisdom King had a Zen expression and a smile on its face like a spring breeze. It was the Righteous Wheel Body of the Acala Wisdom King.
Pei Tianyao was serious.
"This time, the Buddha statue is different. It actually has a smile on its face. Its momentum is far inferior to the time when he dealt with Hua Tianming!"
"I also think so. When Pei Tianyao fought against Hua Tianming, the Acalanatha statue was fierce and scary. However, this charmingly naive Buddha statue doesn't have any deterrence at all!"
"What do you know? This is called the Righteous Wheel Body!"
Everyone's discussion reached Luo Zheng's ears. He looked at the tall Acala Wisdom King's shadow, and his expression became more cautious.
The logic of these disciples was very idiotic. How could the Buddha statue's smile have anything to do with its power? Moreover, Luo Zheng could feel the killing intent hidden in the smile. It seemed that this Acala Wisdom King was even more terrifying than the angry Acala Wisdom King!
The Flowing Light Sword was once again taken out from Luo Zheng's spatial ring. He realized that he had to go all out.
Pei Tianyao's eyes flashed with a touch of light. He gently clapped his hands together. After three breaths of time, his two palms suddenly separated and once again clapped towards Luo Zheng.
The Acala Wisdom King's Righteous Wheel Body stretched out two huge palms and clapped towards Luo Zheng!
In front of those huge palms, Luo Zheng was like a mosquito. Luo Zheng had no doubt that if he was caught by those palms, he would be directly flattened!
"Pa!"
The two huge golden palms were extremely fast. In an instant, they clapped together and made a loud sound.
However, Luo Zheng's reaction was even faster. When the palms clapped together, he turned into a meteor and rushed upwards, jumping several feet high.
However, Luo Zheng could not fly. No matter how high he jumped, he would eventually fall down. Moreover, in a situation where he could not borrow strength from the air, it was even more difficult to dodge.
Pei Tianyao's eyes were clear. He waved his hand again, and the Acala Wisdom King's palm also slapped towards Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
This time, Luo Zheng was directly hit by the palm. The huge force directly sent Luo Zheng flying. The huge inertia made him hit the barrier, and at the same time, after the rebound, he fiercely hit the ground. With several elders joining hands to support the barrier, it was incomparably sturdy compared to the battlefield's ground. However, Luo Zheng still hit the barrier, creating a big pit.
"Pei Tianyao should have used this move earlier. The earlier he used it, the earlier the fight would have ended. He can directly control the Acala Wisdom King's shadow. Luo Zheng simply did not fight with him!" A disciple said.
Most people did not speak at this moment. They were concerned about whether Luo Zheng could get up or not.
No matter who it was, after being slapped by the Acala Wisdom King's shadow and heavily hitting the ground, they would certainly not be able to get up. There was no need to look at them. Their life might be in danger. For example, their whole body's bones would be broken, or even explode and die!
However, no one dared to comment at this time because Luo Zheng himself was an Outlander. As an Outlander, common sense couldn't be used to describe him. How could he be defeated by Pei Tianyao so easily? This was simply unbelievable.
Sure enough … …
This kind of attack was fatal to other people, but Luo Zheng still climbed up from the pit. His eyes were still blooming, and it seemed that he did not suffer any serious injuries.
Even if his injuries were not serious, Luo Zheng found himself in trouble.
First of all, the speed of the Acala Wisdom King's shadow was too fast. The speed of the two palms on the shadow was synchronized with Pei Tianyao. In other words, when Pei Tianyao waved his hand, the shadow would also wave its hand at the same time.
The problem was that Pei Tianyao's hand only moved a few inches away, while the Acala Wisdom King's two palms moved seven or eight times. Pei Tianyao's waving speed was almost in the blink of an eye, and the speed of the two palms was also in the blink of an eye …..
It was too fast. It was difficult for Luo Zheng to dodge, not to mention how he could get close to Pei Tianyao.
If he could not attack him, he would definitely lose this fight. Even if Luo Zheng's endurance was amazing, it would consume a lot of energy. Pei Tianyao only needed to wave his hand. Even if he waved his hand for a day and a night, he estimated that he would not even blink.
Pei Tianyao was still racking his brains to come up with a countermeasure. He received the two palms and slapped them at Luo Zheng again. Pei Tianyao did not intend to give Luo Zheng any chance to catch his breath.
This time, Luo Zheng still chose to dodge. However, when Luo Zheng dodged the palms, he made another shocking decision. He threw his sword …..
The Flowing Light Sword flew a circle in the air before it started to fall freely.
While everyone was still confused about Luo Zheng's intentions, a blood red shadow suddenly emerged from his body. The shadow instantly condensed into a shape. It was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye.
Yao Ye charged towards the Flowing Light Sword as soon as he appeared. When Yao Ye grabbed the Flowing Light Sword, he sped up again and pointed it at Pei Tianyao!
Yao Ye was a swordsman, so he could naturally use a sword to fight. However, Luo Zheng did not have two good swords right now. Since he was unable to escape, Luo Zheng could only dodge the two palms while controlling Yao Ye to attack Pei Tianyao.
＝＝＝＝＝