Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, and this slender young woman from the Yao Ye Clan was constantly emanating a fierce baleful aura.
Luo Zheng had given Yao Ye an order while he was dodging the palms, and it was to draw his sword and attack! Luo Zheng didn't have the time to think about anything else because the slightest bit of distraction might cause Luo Zheng to be struck by those palms!
However, Luo Zheng was just dodging the Acala King's palms, and he was instantly shocked by what he saw!
Yao Ye had started to spin with Lightstream in hand. At the same time, the baleful aura around her had formed into a spiral, and it was like a storm had started to revolve around Yao Ye before it shot towards Pei Tianyao at high speed.
It was like she was dancing, and the sword was just a prop in her dance. It was a dance that brought about death ….
"What … what sword technique is this!?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Even though Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Luo Zheng didn't know much about her. Up until now, Luo Zheng had merely summoned her and made her attach herself to his sword.
Not to mention that besides being slightly more beautiful, this Sword Spirit didn't seem to be any different from the other Sword Spirits Luo Zheng had seen on Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Luo Zheng had seen all sorts of Sword Spirits on Slaughter Sword Mountain. The most basic form of Sword Spirits didn't have a physical form at all, and they were only specks of light. As Luo Zheng continued to climb, the Sword Spirits that appeared became more and more advanced. Many Sword Spirits had their own form, and the most common form amongst them was the human form.
But even then, these Sword Spirits didn't have any thoughts of their own. They couldn't speak, and they didn't have any expressions on their faces.
Besides the Icesword Master that Luo Zheng had encountered at the end, the Icesword Master had injected a wisp of his soul into the Sword Spirit to control it.
The Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, didn't have a soul. However, Luo Zheng was surprised that she actually used such a strange method of attack after he'd merely given her the order to attack!
As Yao Ye spun faster and faster, more and more baleful energy spirals appeared.
At the beginning, when Luo Zheng released the sword spirit, Pei Tianyao didn't care too much. He only needed to concentrate on controlling the Dharma Wheel of Acala. As for the sword spirit, even if she wielded the Flowing Light Sword, she wouldn't cause much trouble to him. He only needed to dodge a little.
However, Pei Tianyao did not expect that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit could use a sword skill. Moreover, it was such a strange sword skill!
How was this a sword move? It was clearly a dance! However, there were sword moves hidden within the dance. This was a type of sword dance!
Under the circumstances that he wasn't confident in his ability to dodge Yao Ye's strange sword dance, Pei Tianyao had no choice but to withdraw one of his Buddha's Palms and forcefully crush it towards Yao Ye.
After he lost the Buddha's Hand, the pressure on Luo Zheng instantly lessened greatly. Pei Tianyao was unable to multitask, so it was utterly impossible for him to deal with both Luo Zheng and his Sword Spirit at the same time. So, Pei Tianyao decided to crush Yao Ye first.
The Acala's Buddha's Palm was extremely swift. In practically an instant, the enormous finger had enveloped Yao Ye, and then it crushed down forcefully.
However, Yao Ye's strength hadn't just exceeded Pei Tianyao's imagination, it had even exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
The Acala's terrifying Buddha's Palm had once shattered Hua Tianming's Heavenly Wrath Sword with a single slap, but it was like paper before Yao Ye's sword dance!
At the same time, strands of baleful energy were emanating from the tip of the Flowing Light Sword. These spirals of baleful energy erupted and transformed Yao Ye into a hedgehog that was covered in thorns and was spinning swiftly. It was obvious what would happen if the Acala's Buddha's Palm enveloped such a thing!
The enormous Buddha's Palm was instantly minced into mush by Yao Ye, and its fingers were even severed.
However, Yao Ye didn't stop at all. Luo Zheng had ordered her to attack, so there was only one person left before her — Pei Tianyao.
At this moment, Pei Tianyao felt extremely helpless. He hadn't underestimated Luo Zheng. Actually, he'd made a sufficient estimation of Luo Zheng's strength during this period of time. However, the outcome was that every single aspect of Luo Zheng's strength had exceeded his expectations.
Firstly, it was his strength. He didn't know how Luo Zheng possessed such formidable strength. Just his physical strength alone had surpassed the limits of the human body. So, where did this strength come from? What secrets does he possess?
However, it was also his physical strength. Luo Zheng's freakishly strong physical body was even more terrifying than his Invincible Vajra Body.
Alright, these were Luo Zheng's strengths to begin with, so Pei Tianyao was barely able to accept it.
Then what about the Sword Spirit? The Sword Spirit had only been refined recently, right? Pei Tianyao could accept that a Sword Spirit that had just been refined was able to take human form. He just treated it as Luo Zheng's extraordinary natural talent that allowed him to obtain a fortuitous encounter that ordinary people couldn't even dream of.
However, even if the Sword Spirit had taken human form, how could it be so strong? The Sword Spirit even had her own sword moves? Moreover, he had such a sharp sword move?
Pei Tianyao was speechless …
Pei Tianyao wasn't the only one who was speechless. The 100,000 spectators were speechless as well.
Yao Ye's snow white and straight legs were faintly discernible within the spiraling baleful aura. She had an indifferent expression on her face and a heroic aura. She was like a goddess of war that had been sent down to the mortal world by the heavens. Moreover, her sword dance was extremely beautiful. There was even a dance in between her sword moves. Her dance was sometimes enchanting and moving, and sometimes she was like a swimming dragon. Her long hair flowed down like silk and covered half of her face. She was like a clear lotus flower that was floating in the wind.
She was able to force Pei Tianyao to retreat step by step with just this sword dance.
"I'm so envious! This is the best thing that I've ever encountered. If I had a Sword Spirit like this, I wouldn't need her to be so powerful. I could just watch her from the side every day!"
"Envious? More than envious, I want to prostrate myself in worship. Is she a fucking Sword Spirit? Can someone tell me that she's a fucking Sword Spirit? She's a goddess! "
"Let me tell you a way. Dream! You might have such a beautiful Sword Spirit in your dreams! You want to have one in real life? Hmph! You won't have a chance in your next life! "
Luo Yan bit her lip lightly while her breathing became slightly rapid. She didn't know what Luo Zheng had encountered after he fell to the ground. She didn't know what had happened to him that allowed her brother to possess so many different combat techniques. Moreover, every single one of them could be used as a trump card by anyone else!
"Big Brother is too strong …"
Hua Tianming shook his head again as he watched the battle. Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha Palm was able to shatter his Heavenly Punishment Sword, but it was actually unable to do anything to the Sword Spirit that Luo Zheng had summoned. This was a little too strange, and he couldn't accept it.
Actually, there was a reason why Hua Tianming felt it was strange. Because Luo Zheng had similarly utilized a Sword Spirit during their battle. However, Luo Zheng had directly merged Yao Ye into his sword and allowed Luo Zheng to activate Yao Ye's baleful energy to deal with his enemy.
The problem was that Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated a technique that utilized baleful energy. So, his usage of baleful energy was actually at an extremely low level, and he'd completely relied on the might of his baleful energy to break through Heavenly Punishment Sword.
Yao Ye knew sword moves, and he'd even utilized such a strange sword dance to bring out the might of his baleful energy to the limit. This was something that even Luo Zheng hadn't expected.
In other words, Yao Ye seemed to be even stronger than Luo Zheng …
Pei Tianyao was forced to retreat step by step, and he was finally forced to the edge of the arena.
The barrier of light was behind him, and if he continued to retreat, he would either have to admit defeat or face Yao Ye's sword dance.
In other words, he had no way to retreat.
As he gazed at Yao Ye who was growing closer and closer to him, Pei Tianyao pressed his palms together once more. There was a Buddhist seal in his eyes, a golden Buddhist seal.
"Suffering in the body is beneficial to the heart. Not shaken by the outside world, and not aroused by the heart …."
Pei Tianyao muttered silently, and he seemed to have given up on resisting Yao Ye's sword dance that was approaching him step by step.
However, the Buddhist seal in his eye suddenly shattered, and the shattered Buddhist seal completely filled his right eye. From the looks of it, his right eye blossomed with rays of golden light.
There was no need for anyone to say anything. Everyone knew that Pei Tianyao was about to go berserk.
However, Pei Tianyao had even utilized the Immovable Wisdom King's projection. So, what other trump cards did he have that were even more formidable than the Immovable Wisdom King's projection?
Of course, after his right eye emitted a golden light, the right eye of the Immovable Wisdom King behind him also emitted a golden light. Under this golden light, the Immovable Wisdom King's shattered palm reformed once again.
At the instant the palm was reformed, Pei Tianyao pressed his palms together once more. When he separated his palms, a ball of flame had appeared in his palm, and it was a dark green ball of flame.
Just like Pei Tianyao, an even larger ball of flame had appeared in the Immovable Wisdom King's palm as well!