Karmic fire, the fire of evil. Evil karma harms people like fire, also known as the fire that burns sinners in hell.
In Buddhism, there were two types of flames that were the most powerful. One was the True Fire of Emptiness of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, and the other was the Fire of Karma.
One must know that the merits of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas were inconceivable, and so was the karma of all living beings!
"My Green Lotus is born in a chaotic world. Although it is evil when it is born, it is not for the sake of pollution. It is only for the sake of burning the myriad worlds and turning them into an endless hell of fire …"
After the surging Green Lotus Karmic Fire bloomed in Pei Tianyao's hand, it split into two flames, one large and one small. The small one bloomed with thousands of lotus flowers and burned towards Yao Ye, whereas the enormous Green Lotus Karmic Fire in the Acala's hand smashed towards the ground.
The power of the Green Lotus Karmic Fire was far beyond anyone's imagination!
Yao Ye who'd originally relied on his baleful energy to act in an overbearing manner had actually been instantly melted by the pressure of that tiny Karmic Flame!
Even though Yao Ye possessed a huge amount of baleful energy, it would probably only be able to persist for a few breaths of time. Luo Zheng issued a command in his heart when he noticed this, and he made Yao Ye withdraw with Flowing Light.
Yao Ye transformed into specks of light that returned to Luo Zheng's body while Luo Zheng put the Lightstream Sword into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng's method of pressing Pei Tianyao step by step finally made Pei Tianyao really angry!
When a commoner is angry, blood splatters everywhere. When an emperor is angry, millions of corpses will fall! The wrath of the Buddha burned the myriad worlds!
The raging fire emitted by the Green Lotus Karmic Fire made it difficult for the 100,000 Blue Cloud Sect disciples around the arena to breathe. Many disciples began to become restless and began to run away. Some even trampled on each other. For a time, all kinds of curses and shouts rose and fell.
These disciples had learned their lesson.
Watching the show was one thing. If the Green Lotus Karmic Fire were to come out, wouldn't they be burned to ashes? Then it wouldn't be worth it. It wasn't like this hadn't happened before. Several times, the battle in the arena had affected the disciples outside. For example, the dragon roar in the battle between Luo Zheng and Wang Yun had injured the souls of many disciples participating in the All-Peak Grand Competition.
The disciples who were able to participate in the All-Peak Grand Competition were all top-notch in their respective peaks. The strength of the 100,000 disciples who came to watch the battle today was far inferior to before. If they didn't run early, they would probably be burned to ashes.
Buddhas were restraining and would not inflict karmic fire on other innocent living beings.
When the huge ball of Green Lotus Hellfire in the hands of the Acalanatha phantom smashed down, a mysterious rune suddenly appeared on the ground of the arena. It was this rune that firmly restrained the huge ball of Green Lotus Hellfire in the arena.
The surrounding elders also noticed that Pei Tianyao's attack was too powerful, so they were prepared to work together to stabilize the barrier. However, they soon discovered that the Green Lotus Hellfire was very restrained. It was only able to maintain the Hellfire in the arena and did not let it escape!
One of the elders shook his head and sighed. "This Buddha's Fire is really strange. I've never seen any cultivation method that can restrict the spread of its power." With the strength and vision of this elder, he could also display the same level of attack as Pei Tianyao, but he couldn't precisely control the power in the arena.
"Because of this, all the flames can't escape and are all concentrated in the arena. The power of the fire is more concentrated and powerful. Luo Zheng in the arena will be miserable …" Another elder nodded and said.
After realizing that the terrifying Green Lotus Karmic Fire would not escape from the battle stage, the disciples calmed down. However, Luo Zheng was completely submerged in the Green Lotus Karmic Fire. The entire battle stage had turned into a raging hell of karmic fire!
This hellfire was very special. Just by looking at it, it gave people a soul-stirring feeling. It seemed that this flame could burn the soul!
"Oh, just looking at this flame makes my eyes hurt. What would it feel like to be burned by this flame?"
"You can go up and have a try. The hellfire is the flame from the 18 layers of hell. I guarantee that you will feel good!"
"I don't know what will happen to Luo Zheng in this hellfire? Will he be able to withstand the hellfire? "
At this moment, most people were not worried about Luo Zheng's victory or defeat, but Luo Zheng's safety! After all, Pei Tianyao's hellfire was too terrible. It was a fatal killer move.
Thinking of Luo Zheng's previous fight with Pei Tianyao, it was definitely a wrong decision. Pei Tianyao was the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King. If he angered the Buddha, would he have a good end?
The most talented disciple in the history of the Blue Cloud Sect will not fall like this, right?
Zhu Qianning's face was also deeply worried. Although Luo Zheng's performance was too outstanding, which made Zhu Qianning very depressed, how could she not care about Luo Zheng?
However, at this moment, someone was planning to enter the arena. This person was Luo Yan.
She was not sure whether her brother could survive the hellfire, but she understood that she must not let her brother be in such danger!
Luo Yan's figure turned into a stream of light and quickly approached the battlefield. Strands of True Essence formed a True Essence Ring that floated around her. That True Essence Ring instantly turned into spikes that flickered with black light. If one wanted to enter the battlefield, they had to first break through the light curtain barrier in front of them.
But at this moment, an elder appeared in front of Luo Yan.
"You can't go in. The outcome of the battle has not been decided yet." The elder stood in the air with his hands behind his back.
Luo Yan had participated in the All-Sect Competition. How could she not know the rules of the arena? Unless one side admitted defeat or fainted, the outcome would not be decided. But in this hellfire, she could not even see Luo Zheng's figure. How could she judge?
"Get out of the way!" Luo Yan's beautiful eyes were like two clear springs, but her gaze was incomparably cold. In her opinion, no matter how important the rules of the arena were, it was not as important as her brother's life!
"The rules of the arena are here. I'm afraid this old man can't get out of the way." The elder shook his head.
Luo Yan looked at the hellfire that was burning more and more fiercely. Her originally cold eyes exuded wisps of fierce killing intent. The Zhenqi in her body surged out as if it was free, turning into a large number of black spikes. Each spike flashed with a dim light and was aimed at the elder in front of her.
"Do you want to compete with this old man?" The elder said in a deep voice. Then, a huge astrolabe appeared behind the elder. An extremely deep starry sky power came from the elder's body.
Luo Yan was confronting the elder!
Because the hellfire in the arena continued to burn, in fact, nothing could be seen inside. Everyone's attention was easily attracted by the dispute next to the arena.
"Everyone look, it looks like they're going to fight! Didn't Luo Zheng greet that woman with the gauze before? "
"Looking at her age, she seems to be about the same as us. She actually dares to confront the elder, and her aura doesn't seem to be inferior at all …"
"It looks like she wants to go in and save people. Is she really Luo Zheng's woman? Why are all Luo Zheng's women so strong? There's no justice in this world! "
There was no doubt that every elder of the Blue Cloud Sect was an old monster who had lived for hundreds of years. No matter which elder it was, their strength was not weak. However, Luo Yan did not think so much.
Seeing that Luo Yan was about to fight with the elder, someone suddenly shouted, "Eh? Everyone look, I think I saw Luo Zheng! "
"No way? Luo Zheng didn't burn to ashes under the hellfire? Hm? It's true. Why is his body shining with golden light? Don't tell me this guy also cultivated the Invincible Vajra Body? "The second person quickly found Luo Zheng's figure.
Hearing this, Luo Yan looked at the arena. As expected, she saw Luo Zheng's body shining with golden light. Under the burning of the Green Lotus Hellfire, Luo Zheng was not harmed at all. Moreover, the golden whirlpools on Luo Zheng's body seemed to be absorbing the flames?
There was no need to elaborate on the terrifying power of the hellfire. Brother was actually absorbing the flames into his body? How could his internal organs withstand the burning of the hellfire?
Luo Yan couldn't figure it out. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to be unharmed. The Green Lotus Hellfire did not cause any harm to him. Luo Yan's heart was relieved. So, she looked at the elder with her big eyes. Her eyes even showed a trace of playful apology.
Facing such a little girl, the elder couldn't get angry and could only let it go. He shook his head, thinking that this little girl cared too much about Luo Zheng.
Pei Tianyao, who was standing in the hellfire, couldn't feel the heat of the hellfire. He felt as if he had fallen into an ice cellar. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng …