For a long time, what Pei Tianyao was most proud of was not his strength, but his state of mind.
As the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King, he had a unique Buddha nature that transcended all things. No matter how big things happened, he could maintain a calm mind. As the saying goes, the heart is the Buddha, and a calm mind is the way.
Therefore, his state of mind was like the shore of a lake, remaining calm at all times.
But today, first there were ripples, and then there were huge waves. At this moment, his state of mind was already turned upside down.
Pei Tianyao really felt that he was about to vomit blood. How did Luo Zheng do it?
How terrifying was the power of the Cyan Lotus Hellfire? He was very clear about it.
If Luo Zheng had used some kind of secret method to temporarily resist the Green Lotus Hellfire, Pei Tianyao would feel better. However, the problem was that Luo Zheng was not afraid of the Hellfire at all. He was not afraid of the Hellfire at all. Instead, a whirlpool appeared on his body and swallowed the Green Lotus Hellfire.
If this kind of thing happened to anyone, it would be an unacceptable thing.
When he dealt with Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao hid several cards. In his opinion, it should be more than enough to deal with Luo Zheng. However, no matter which card he used, Luo Zheng restrained him. He did not want to use the Cyan Lotus Hellfire, or rather, he never thought that Luo Zheng could force out his Cyan Lotus Hellfire.
When he was forced to the edge of the arena by Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Pei Tianyao also thought that Luo Zheng might have other special means to resist his Cyan Lotus Hellfire.
The problem was that even if he could resist it for a while, it was impossible to resist it forever. The Hellfire could last for a long time, and Pei Tianyao was not an idiot. Even if Luo Zheng really had a way to resist the Hellfire for a while, he was afraid that he would not be able to resist him again.
As a result, Luo Zheng was more thorough. He did not resist the Cyan Lotus Hellfire, but directly absorbed it.
Pei Tianyao did not have the opportunity to make a move. At this time, he really wanted to ask, where did Luo Zheng absorb the Green Lotus Hellfire?
The Green Lotus Hellfire was naturally absorbed into Luo Zheng's body. It was a deadly flame for others, but for Luo Zheng's body, it was a good thing to refine his body.
After being beaten by Pei Tianyao for a long time, Luo Zheng felt warm inside his body, which made him feel very comfortable.
Now that he was being burned by the Green Lotus Hellfire, Luo Zheng felt that his body's condition was increasing. However, the burning sensation didn't make Luo Zheng feel uncomfortable. Instead, it made Luo Zheng feel warm.
It was like a blacksmith forging a weapon. First, he hammered it, then smelted it, then hammered it again.
This process has been accompanied by Luo Zheng's Xuan Weapon Physique all the way until now.
The golden vortex on the surface of Luo Zheng's body absorbed the Green Lotus Hellfire faster and faster. The Green Lotus Hellfire in the arena was originally raging, but because it was firmly confined by the runes on the ground, the fire did not spread. Instead, it was concentrated on the arena.
At first, the Hellfire was burning fiercely. It seemed to be burning more and more fiercely.
However, as Luo Zheng continued to absorb the Hellfire, the fire gradually decreased. At this time, some sharp-eyed disciples and Luo Yan were able to see the people in the arena.
Later, the Green Lotus Hellfire gradually became sparse. It was constantly being absorbed by the golden vortex on the surface of Luo Zheng's body.
After the last Hellfire was absorbed by Luo Zheng, the entire arena was finally quiet.
Luo Zheng's face showed a touch of joy. With the help of Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Hellfire, another spiritual pattern appeared on Luo Zheng's chest. There were three spiritual patterns! In other words, Luo Zheng's body was now a high-grade spiritual tool!
As long as he tempered it again, perhaps Luo Zheng's body could become an immortal weapon. Luo Zheng wondered what changes would happen to his body after becoming an immortal weapon.
Seeing this scene, Pei Tianyao shook his head. "Don't fight, don't fight." Pei Tianyao was very straightforward. Although he still had a few skills that he had not used, when he thought about how his Green Lotus Hellfire could not do anything to Luo Zheng, he was afraid that it would be futile to continue fighting.
In fact, Pei Tianyao was unlucky to meet Luo Zheng.
Because even Hua Tianming did not lose to Luo Zheng so miserably, and Pei Tianyao was obviously stronger than Hua Tianming.
The reason for this was that Pei Tianyao's trump cards just happened to be countered by Luo Zheng.
For example, the Golden Bell Barrier that Pei Tianyao had used at the beginning was destroyed by Luo Zheng's overbearing brute force. After that, Pei Tianyao used the Invincible Vajra Body, but he was unable to shake Luo Zheng's spiritual tool body at all.
Next was the Immovable Wisdom King's projection. Originally, Luo Zheng did not have a good way to deal with this move, and Luo Zheng should have fallen into a bitter battle.
However, due to a freak combination of factors, Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, had actually used a 'sword dance' to display her baleful aura to the limit! Even the Heavenly Punishment Sword was no match for the Immovable Wisdom King's projection. However, such a powerful move had been completely destroyed by Yao Ye's' sword dance '.
Luo Zheng was very surprised by this as well. He himself did not know why Yao Ye was so strong.
Next was Pei Tianyao's trump card. If it was anyone else who saw the Green Lotus Karmic Flames, that person would have admitted defeat immediately without even fighting. How could one resist such terrifying Karmic Flames?
This was the most unfortunate thing about Pei Tianyao ….
Luo Zheng was not afraid of any flames. On the contrary, his body yearned for the refinement of flames. The Karmic Flames of Karmic Flames were true hell to others, but to Luo Zheng's body, it was like a pool of meat. He would jump in and eat to his heart's content.
Therefore, Pei Tianyao had lost unjustly.
"Brother Tianyao, there's no need to feel depressed. Your strength isn't inferior to mine. It's just that these few things just happen to be countered by me …." Luo Zheng naturally understood Pei Tianyao's depression. Anyone would feel depressed in his place!
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, Pei Tianyao suddenly closed his eyes, pressed his palms together, and took a deep breath. When he opened his eyes again, the expression on his face had returned to normal. "Ginseng is like a boat, dharma is like a raft. Good dharma leads the way to the other side. If I can't even accept this, then how can I swim to the other side? Thank you! Luo Zheng! "
Because of this coincidence, Pei Tianyao was awakened. Pei Tianyao was originally the reincarnation of the Acala Wisdom King. He was extremely intelligent. Grasping this opportunity, he could comprehend more things. At this moment, his mind lake calmed down.
Then, he turned to the referee and said. "I admit defeat."
The referee nodded his head. The result of the competition was finally settled. He announced. "Xiao Yufeng, Luo Zheng, wins. Pro-Disciple Pei Tianyao, loses!"
After the referee announced the result of Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao's fight, an elder came up to the stage to announce the ranking of the Green Cloud Leaderboard.
Everyone was discussing animatedly. Even though the rankings of the Azure Sky Rankings were out, the final result was still Luo Zheng taking first place. Just as everyone was sighing with emotion, a white light suddenly appeared from the south.
From afar, it looked like a meteor streaking across the starry sky. It was flying towards them.
Under everyone's gaze, the white light was quickly approaching.
Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao's eyes were fixed on the white light. When it was a few li away, the two of them discovered that the white light was a person using Zhen Yuan to fly. The problem was that the person was only a hundred zhang away from the stage, but he didn't have the slightest intention of slowing down. Instead, he kept his head down.
Fifty zhang, thirty zhang, ten zhang … …
"Hey." Luo Zheng wanted to remind him, but it was too late.
"Bang!"
The person wrapped in the white light directly hit the stage. Because of the huge inertia, even after a fierce impact, he didn't stop. His whole body was like a rubber ball rolling on the stage for more than ten laps before finally stopping. Then, he climbed up from the ground. Because his head directly hit the stage, it seemed like half of his neck was crooked. He stretched out his hands to grab his head and heavily twisted it, making a "Ka Ka" sound. Then, he breathed a sigh of relief and seemed to feel a lot more comfortable.
It was a young man in his early twenties. His appearance was handsome, but his facial features always gave people a kind of uncoordinated and even comical feeling.
Although the way he appeared was very embarrassing, and even shameful, no one dared to doubt his strength. If an ordinary person hit the ground head first, their head would have been broken. But this guy didn't have the slightest injury. This was his ability … …
Pei Tianyao sighed. Whenever this guy appeared, he would make a big scene. But even though he sighed, he still respectfully called out: "Big Brother."
He was the real number one on the Green Cloud Leaderboard. He was also the real big brother of the Blue Cloud Sect's hundreds of thousands of disciples, Li Yifeng.
＝＝＝＝＝