Li Yifeng's appearance was really too cool. Hundreds of thousands of people were stunned to see this scene.
Since he was able to fly in the sky, it showed that this guy was at least above the Illuminating God realm. Stepping into the Illuminating God realm was enough to show that his talent was not weak, but his performance was like an idiot.
"Who is this idiot?" A disciple asked.
"Shh, lower your voice, I didn't expect Pei Tianyao to call him big brother. It should be Li Yifeng! "
"Isn't Li Yifeng in closed-door training? Why did he come out at this time? In other words, the competition is not over yet? "
After seeing Pei Tianyao lose, many disciples were waiting for the elders to announce the changes in the ranking list, but they did not expect that at the last moment, Li Yifeng would appear.
This time, there was something to see!
After all, the hundred thousand disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had spent one point, which was equivalent to two square crystals. In an ordinary county, these two square crystals were equivalent to the assets of an ordinary family.
However, seeing Li Yifeng's idiotic appearance, they didn't know if he could fight.
"Hey, Tianyao! Look at your dead fish face, did you lose? "Li Yifeng said with a smile.
Pei Tianyao nodded, "My strength is not good enough, losing is a matter of course." Although he called Li Yifeng 'big brother', but Pei Tianyao really didn't want to talk to this guy. This Li Yifeng was a troublesome seed.
Obviously, Li Yifeng was not so easy to fool. He stepped forward and put his arm on Pei Tianyao's shoulder and said with a smile: "What do you mean by a matter of course? You should be very dissatisfied, right? I see that the opposite kid is only at Xiantian second stage! You are really shameful, do you want me to help you get back at him? I guarantee that I will beat him until his mother doesn't recognize him. "
"No need, big brother, the competition is just to learn from each other, not to create hatred … …" Pei Tianyao's face was already black. This guy was really difficult to deal with.
"I think it is still necessary! Why don't you just copy a few of the basic Buddhist cultivation techniques that you have learned and use them as payment? "Li Yifeng said with a smile.
Pei Tianyao cursed in his heart. Good your mother, but his mouth still said: "No need, big brother, I still have things to do … …"
While Li Yifeng and Pei Tianyao were still confused, the elder who announced the ranking said: "Pei Tianyao, did you have a breakthrough in your retreat?"
"Yes, and I broke through two levels in a row, jumping from Stage Three to Stage Six." Li Yifeng stretched as he spoke, as if increasing his level was as simple as eating and sleeping.
If there were some ancient treasures or super elixirs, it was true that they could help a warrior make a quick breakthrough in the Divine Realm. However, these kinds of elixirs were very rare in the Eastern Territory. Most of the elixirs that the alchemists of the Eastern Territory could refine were geared towards the Xiantian realm.
Moreover, Li Yifeng's foundation was very stable. Clearly, he did not rely on medicinal pills. He completely relied on his own ability to break through three levels in a row. This talent was indeed very shocking.
"Yes, that's right. Since you've reached the sixth layer of the Divine Radiant Realm, you should be removed from the Azure Cloud Rankings. I'll now announce the final ranking of this year's competition," said the elder.
According to the rules of the Blue Cloud Sect, there was an upper limit to the strength requirement of the Peak Competition and the ranking of the Blue Cloud Proclamation. The strongest could not exceed the third layer of the Divine Illumination Realm. After exceeding this level, one would be automatically removed from the list and not counted.
According to the strength that Li Yifeng had registered before, he was indeed qualified to participate in the Honor Roll. However, as soon as he came out of his retreat, he directly jumped from Stage Three to Stage Six. He was not far away from the extreme Xiantian realm. In other words, it would not be long before his cultivation could be comparable to those Enlightened Masters, or even the slightly weaker elders.
Moreover, Li Yifeng's foundation was stable, unlike many Enlightened Masters and elders in the Blue Cloud Sect who could not break through and had to rely on medicinal pills to reach this level. In terms of strength, he was probably not too far away from those Enlightened Masters.
Under such circumstances, it was simply unfair to let Li Yifeng participate in the Honor Roll.
"No! Elder Ge! I was a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect when I was alive, and I will also be a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect when I die. Why did you remove my name? I must fight in this Peak Wide Competition! Although I've broken through, the name list is from this year's All-Peak Tournament! "Li Yifeng argued.
Elder Ge was a bit hesitant at this moment. Li Yifeng's situation was a bit special. He was indeed registered as someone who was qualified to participate in the competition, but he had been in seclusion all this time and only came out at the end of the competition.
"Fight! What's there to talk about? Isn't it just a fight? "
"We want to see! Since Li Yifeng is a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, why can't he participate in the Honor Roll? "
"I think so too. It doesn't matter if he fights one more time!"
At the critical moment, many disciples began to make a fuss.
From their point of view, to be able to watch one more fight, especially to be able to see Li Yifeng fight Luo Zheng, was definitely a gain for them! After all, they had spent their points. Although Li Yifeng looked like an idiot, who asked him to be so strong?
One hundred thousand disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect started to make a fuss, and the others followed suit. Looking at the enthusiastic crowd below, Elder Ge gradually wavered, but he was still a little hesitant. Luo Zheng had created a miracle, but his strength was not on the same level as Li Yifeng's. Luo Zheng had no chance of winning this fight, which was a bit of a bully.
Seeing so many people supporting him, Li Yifeng stared at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a little sheep. At the same time, he said, "Elder Ge, you see, everyone is waiting for this fight. I say you should make a decision quickly!"
At this moment, Luo Yan, who was originally outside the arena, came over and shouted, "Li Yifeng?"
When Li Yifeng heard this voice, he felt that it was somewhat familiar. Soon, he remembered something, and his face suddenly changed from a smiling face to a bitter one. "You, you are …"
"You dare to call me by my name?" Luo Yan took two steps forward and stared at Li Yifeng with a pair of beautiful eyes.
"This," Li Yifeng's face revealed an embarrassed expression. After thinking for a while, he immediately shook his head. "I don't dare!"
Luo Yan covered her face, but her eyes curved slightly. She chuckled and said, "Then what should you call me?"
"This, this …" Li Yifeng was even more embarrassed. "In front of so many people, do you have to be like this …" He seemed to have a very important weakness in Luo Yan's hands.
"Humph, did you forget the oath you swore?" Luo Yan said coldly.
Li Yifeng really regretted it. Originally, as soon as he came out of seclusion, he was shocked to hear that a super genius had appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect. Therefore, he hurriedly rushed over. When he arrived, Pei Tianyao had already lost. Li Yifeng was very interested in the genius disciple who defeated Pei Tianyao with a strength of Xiantian second stage. He didn't expect to meet Luo Yan here. Wasn't she imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain? If he had known earlier that she was here, Li Yifeng wouldn't have come here today. To be honest, he wasn't interested in the rewards of the All-Peak Competition. Moreover, with his current cultivation, even if he defeated Luo Zheng, the Sect Master might not give him the rewards!
When the oath was mentioned, Li Yifeng immediately withered like a frosted eggplant. In the end, he still lowered his head and called out weakly, "Great aunt!"
"En, good boy!" Luo Yan said with a satisfied smile.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless. What the hell was going on? Luo Yan was even younger than him, and this Li Yifeng was at least twenty years old. How could he call Luo Yan 'great aunt'? Moreover, this Li Yifeng, with his strength, was so obedient in front of Luo Yan.
The onlooking disciples were also stunned at this moment.
Li Yifeng called the masked woman 'great aunt'?
Although Li Yifeng was a bit stupid, but now he was the real number one disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. How could he call that woman 'great aunt'? Who was this masked woman? Didn't they say that she was Luo Zheng's woman?
Therefore, all kinds of guesses came out. Some said that she was Shi Jingtian's daughter, and some said that she was Luo Yan. In short, there were all kinds of guesses.
"Do you really want to fight with Luo Zheng?" Luo Yan asked again.
Li Yifeng's heart was already very tangled. Although he really wanted to fight with Luo Zheng and beat him up, at this moment, Luo Yan was here, so he was not in the mood.
"If you really want to fight, it's not impossible, but you are now in the sixth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. It's too unfair to fight with Luo Zheng. Even if you win, you are bullying the weak. It's not interesting. Why don't you just compete with swords? Don't use Zhen Yuan, just compete with swords," Luo Yan suggested.
Hearing Luo Yan's suggestion, Elder Ge's eyes also lit up! "This suggestion is good. Li Yifeng, you also use swords. The two of you will compete with swords. This is fair!"
In fact, Elder Ge had seen Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship. Although Elder Ge's strength was not at the top among the elders, his ranking was not bad. With his vision, how could he not see the horror of Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship? Therefore, Elder Ge supported this decision. In fact, it was clear that he wanted to trap Li Yifeng.
Pei Tianyao, who was next to him, also laughed in his heart. This time, Li Yifeng would be tricked. Compared with Luo Zheng's strength, Li Yifeng would win without any suspense. However, compared with Luo Zheng's swordsmanship? Hehe!
"Swordsmanship?" Li Yifeng pinched his nose and said casually, "I, Li Yifeng, am not afraid of anyone in swordsmanship! Okay! In the last battle, we will decide the winner with swordsmanship! "
Luo Yan had seen Luo Zheng condense a sword spirit before, so she guessed that Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was not low. However, she had not seen the power of Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship. The reason why she suggested this was because she did not want to see Li Yifeng crush Luo Zheng with absolute strength.