When Li Yifeng saw Luo Yan, he was like a cat seeing a mouse. There was a reason for this.
Back then, Luo Yan was Jade Maiden Peak's top disciple. Her talent was extremely high, and her strength was also extremely great. She wasn't inferior to even those personal disciples.
The key was that Luo Yan's rise was completely different from Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng silently and suddenly rose up. Even though there were a few people in the Blue Cloud Sect who had witnessed Luo Zheng's outstanding strength and talent, there were only those few people. For example, Meng Changjun, Zhao Zhao, and the others, and then there were Xiao Yufeng's people.
Meanwhile, Luo Yan was different. Back then, she was directly accepted as a genius disciple. After entering the Blue Cloud Sect, she received all types of care. It could be said that she grew up under everyone's eyes. The amount of attention she received was definitely many times greater than Luo Zheng's. Because of this, Luo Yan's path in the Blue Cloud Sect was actually quite smooth.
For Luo Yan, the only troublesome thing was that she had to deal with all types of pursuers …
Luo Yan's appearance was like a fairy. She was popular, and her talent was extremely high. Moreover, she was a female disciple that the Blue Cloud Sect focused on nurturing. It would be strange if this type of outstanding young lady didn't have any pursuers.
Normally, warriors with slightly weaker strength, or warriors who didn't have outstanding talent but had decent family backgrounds, under Luo Yan's powerful aura, couldn't raise the courage to pursue her at all.
That was why the ones who dared to pursue Luo Yan and actually took action were naturally the seven great landowning families' elite disciples.
Among them, the most radical one was Yun Family's first son, Yun Fang. In the end, he also paid a bitter price. Luo Yan crippled his family jewels with a single strike. Meanwhile, the Blue Cloud Sect also used this reason to imprison Luo Yan in Purgatory Mountain …
Li Yifeng, as a well-known figure among the pro-disciples, could barely be regarded as one of them. However, Li Yifeng was somewhat crazy. At that time, he was urged by other disciples to come over and take liberties with Luo Yan.
At that time, Li Yifeng's strength was ranked first on the Green Sky Proclamation. This strength was far more powerful than Luo Yan's. It would be very difficult for Luo Yan to deal with Li Yifeng.
However, in a flash of inspiration, Luo Yan chose to bet with Li Yifeng.
Li Yifeng was indeed very strong. It could be said that his talent was not on the same level as the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. Even if he was placed in a large sect, he could be promoted to a core disciple immediately.
Logically speaking, he had easily obtained first place in the previous All-Peak Competition, so he had a very high chance of passing the trial on the Azure Clouds Road and advancing to the Cloud Hall.
It was said that he had indeed embarked on the Blue Clouds Road, but halfway there, he suddenly felt sleepy and actually fell asleep on the Blue Clouds Road …
Being able to walk the Azure Clouds Road, regardless of whether they passed or not, was probably the lifelong dream of many Blue Cloud Sect disciples.
However, Li Yifeng actually fell asleep on the Azure Clouds Road …
This matter made Sect Master Shi Jingtian extremely furious. He originally hoped that Li Yifeng could pass the trial on the Azure Clouds Road and step into the Cloud Hall, becoming a core disciple of the Cloud Hall. However, in the end, he actually fell asleep. As such, after leaving the Azure Clouds Road, Shi Jingtian directly threw Li Yifeng into Purgatory Mountain and locked him up for a year!
From this, one could see Li Yifeng's strength, but at the same time, one could see his idiocy.
It was precisely because of this point that Luo Yan made a bet with Li Yifeng. The result was obvious. Li Yifeng lost the bet. Luo Yan's strength might not be as good as Li Yifeng's, but in terms of intelligence, Li Yifeng was far from Luo Yan's. She practically played Li Yifeng in circles.
Since the first time wasn't enough, Li Yifeng had to make a second bet …
The first bet was on Li Yifeng's large amount of points, the second bet was on Li Yifeng's sword, and the third bet was on Li Yifeng's family fortune. As such, she bet that Li Yifeng would have to call her 'great aunt' whenever they met.
Even though Li Yifeng was an idiot, he still understood his own limits. As the great senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect, calling a little junior sister who was many years older than him 'great aunt' was just too shameful.
As such, ever since then, whenever Li Yifeng saw Luo Yan, he would always take a detour. When he truly couldn't avoid her, he would even obediently call her 'great aunt'.
Three years ago, he had easily won the first place in the All-Peak Competition. In the past three years, his strength had improved by leaps and bounds. If he were to compete with Luo Zheng with his current cultivation and strength, he would indeed be bullying the weak.
However, since Elder Ge accepted this suggestion, and Luo Zheng that brat didn't oppose it either, he was naturally happy to do so.
Even though he couldn't use true essence, Li Yifeng was still extremely confident in his own sword art!
"Since it's purely a competition of sword moves, then if you lose, you can't say that I'm bullying the weak. You'll be convinced! Right? "Li Yifeng blinked his eyes and stared at Luo Zheng as he asked.
Luo Zheng nodded: "Sword moves have nothing to do with strength. What we're competing on is the comprehension of sword arts. Naturally, I won't think that you're bullying the weak."
"That's good!" Li Yifeng laughed mischievously. Suddenly, he pulled out a sword from his Sumeru Ring. The sword's appearance was ordinary, and its grade wasn't high either. It was only a high-grade profound weapon.
As the great senior brother of the several hundred thousand disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, everyone originally thought that he would pull out at least an immortal weapon, or even a mid-grade immortal weapon. They didn't expect that it would only be a profound weapon …
One had to know that some outer sect disciples could use high-grade profound weapons.
Li Yifeng probably felt that the profound weapon in his hand was somewhat unsuitable for his identity, so he just smiled awkwardly.
He had no other choice. He did have an immortal weapon before, but that immortal weapon was lost to Luo Yan. Now, it seemed that Luo Yan didn't want to return the sword to him. He could only use a profound weapon.
"Whoosh!" At this moment, Luo Zheng also pulled out his Flowing Light Sword. The shiny sword reflected Luo Zheng's dignified expression. This Li Yifeng was too strong. He was far stronger than Pei Tianyao. Although he looked crazy, Li Yifeng just stood there casually. Luo Zheng couldn't see any flaws!
Luo Zheng estimated that even if three Pei Tianyaos attacked at the same time, he was afraid that they would only be able to fight to a draw.
Right now, he was not Li Yifeng's opponent!
If it was a simple competition of sword skills, he was afraid that he still had the power to fight. After all, sword skills had nothing to do with Qi and cultivation. However, Luo Zheng was still very cautious!
"Well, boy, your momentum is not bad, but …" Li Yifeng's face showed a strange expression, "Are you planning to use basic sword skills to compete with me?"
Luo Zheng nodded, "Exactly!"
"You are looking down on people too much! I don't want to compete! "Li Yifeng shook his head," If you don't want to compete, then just say it. Using basic sword skills to compete with me? You are insulting me! "
"If you don't want to compete, then just admit defeat," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Admit defeat? Funny! You want me to admit defeat by using basic sword skills to compete with me? How about this, if you can force me to use my sword, I will call you God Grandfather! " Li Yifeng sneered. Moreover, he had an indignant look on his face. Obviously, he felt that he had been greatly insulted.
As soon as Li Yifeng said this, all the 100,000 disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, as well as Luo Yan, Elder Ge, and the others, looked at him as if he was an idiot.
Everyone had the same thought in their minds, "This guy is really an idiot."
Li Yifeng had been in seclusion, so naturally, he did not have the chance to watch the All-Sect Competition. However, the disciples present were either present at the All-Sect Competition or watched it through the letter tablet.
For Luo Zheng's strange and powerful basic sword skills, it was still fresh in their minds.
Although Li Yifeng's strength was there, if it was a simple competition of sword skills, no one thought that Luo Zheng would lose to Li Yifeng in sword skills. At most, they would be evenly matched.
This idiot actually wanted Luo Zheng to force him to use his sword and call him God Grandfather?
Previously, he had called Luo Yan Grand-aunt. If Luo Zheng really forced him to use his sword, he would call him God Grandfather. Was this the rhythm of good things coming in pairs?
Of course, because Li Yifeng had always been an idiot, no one reminded Li Yifeng. It was tantamount to setting a trap for himself and then crawling into it.
"In that case, so be it!" Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk nonsense with this idiot. As soon as his voice fell, he directly used his sword.
Luo Zheng's first move was the most common thrust sword. It was the most common "Straight Thrust Sword".
Li Yifeng was still a little indifferent at first. He could dodge this basic sword skill with his eyes closed. However, just as he moved to dodge, his expression changed greatly.