The expressions on the faces of the hundred thousand Blue Cloud Sect disciples were also very interesting.
Everyone knew how powerful Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship was, but this idiot Li Yifeng still boasted that he wouldn't draw his sword. His brain was simply flooded with water.
Everyone had this kind of mentality.
For example, Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship had already greatly shocked them before. They subconsciously felt that Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship was very strong. When this perception was deeply ingrained, Li Yifeng boasted that he looked down on Luo Zheng. Everyone spontaneously brought this feeling into their minds.
It was as if Li Yifeng looking down on Luo Zheng was also looking down on the knowledge of so many people. Therefore, these disciples were very happy to see Li Yifeng suffer!
The hundred thousand Blue Cloud Sect disciples all had the same thought in their hearts: Who asked you to show off, kid? You think you're invincible just because you're the senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect? Let's see how you break it, kid! Let's see if you call me your god-grandfather or not!
Li Yifeng boasted, but at this time, he was really suffering.
What the hell was Luo Zheng's basic swordsmanship?
This was indeed a basic swordsmanship that couldn't be more ordinary. It was even the simplest basic swordsmanship, the "Flat Stab Sword".
To put it bluntly, it was just a stab forward. Many swordsmen learned the "Flat Stab Sword" when they first practiced the sword. And in order to build a good foundation, teenagers would often practice this stab thousands or even tens of thousands of times when they practiced the "Flat Stab Sword"!
But no matter which direction Li Yifeng looked at it from, this simple stab gave Li Yifeng a feeling that he couldn't dodge it …
This was clearly a basic swordsmanship! How could it have such an effect? Li Yifeng felt that he was going crazy.
Naturally, he didn't know that Luo Zheng had already relied on his basic swordsmanship to shine in the All-Sect Grand Competition. In the eyes of the hundred thousand disciples present, Luo Zheng forcing Li Yifeng to dodge with one stab was a matter of course.
Li Yifeng was the only one who didn't know …
But in the end, Li Yifeng was the strongest genius disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Three years ago, he had the ability to crush everyone.
The strength of all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, let alone the current him?
Seeing Luo Zheng's sword stabbing towards him, he remembered his promise not to draw his sword. He forcibly twisted his body to an extreme angle and dodged Luo Zheng's sword with an extreme movement!
He had only dodged Luo Zheng's first sword, and he was already in such a difficult situation. What more, Luo Zheng still had a second sword? The third sword? The fourth sword …
Li Yifeng had also thought it through. Even if he pushed his movement technique to the limit, it would still be impossible for him to dodge. However, he had boasted before! No matter what, he couldn't unsheathe the sword. If he did, wouldn't he have to call him 'god-grandfather'?
Therefore, at this time, he could only hold on!
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate to stab out a second time, "Sword Sweep"! The blade of the Sword Sweep had to be flat, and the movement was light and fast. The strength of the Sword Sweep was as high as the tip of the little finger and not higher than the knee!
Li Yifeng once again clenched his teeth and did a somersault. The tip of Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword almost grazed his back. If the tip of the Flowing Light Longsword had been a bit higher, he was afraid that he would have been injured.
The third sword, "Sword Touch"!
Li Yifeng relaxed his wrist and suddenly raised his wrist, causing the tip of the Flowing Light Longsword to fiercely peck downwards.
Three basic sword moves, one after the other.
If the first and second sword moves made it difficult for Li Yifeng to back down, by the time of the third sword move, Li Yifeng was already an arrow at the end of its flight. If he didn't draw his sword, he would definitely be hit! And if he was hit during a sword competition, regardless of whether he was injured or not, he would lose.
Clenching his teeth, Li Yifeng finally drew his sword and used his skillful strength to dodge Luo Zheng's "Sword Touch" …
One must know that there were 100,000 pairs of eyes watching the battle. In their opinion, Li Yifeng would draw his sword sooner or later. They just wanted to see how many of Luo Zheng's sword moves Li Yifeng could withstand.
Regarding this, some disciples thought it would be five sword moves, while others thought it would be six sword moves. There were also some who thought that Li Yifeng would be able to withstand more than ten sword moves with his movement technique.
In the end, these people all guessed wrong. Luo Zheng only used three sword moves to force Li Yifeng to draw his sword!
"He drew his sword? Li Yifeng drew his sword?"
"Is he going to call him god-grandfather? I wonder if he will call him god-grandfather? "
"He has to call him god-grandfather! He made a promise in front of so many people, unless he treats his words as farts! “
Li Yifeng's heart was filled with unwillingness and remorse! It was all because of his cheap mouth. Why did he make such a promise for no reason? But what could he do about regret now? Words spoken were like spilled water, not to mention that he had said it in front of 100,000 Blue Cloud Sect disciples!
If he called him god-grandfather, he would lose all face. If he didn't call him god-grandfather, he would lose all credibility.
Luo Zheng held the sword in his hand and didn't say anything. He only looked at Li Yifeng with a smile.
Hesitation, still hesitation …
Li Yifeng felt that he was going crazy.
"Call him grandpa!"
"Call him grandpa!"
"Call him grandpa!"
It was unknown which heartless disciple took the lead to shout. Immediately, more busybodies followed. Then, hundreds of people shouted together, thousands of people shouted together, and finally, tens of thousands of people shouted together …
Seeing this scene, even Elder Ge was dumbfounded. Li Yifeng's popularity wasn't that bad, right? Why were the Blue Cloud Sect disciples so against him?
In fact, it couldn't be said that everyone hated Li Yifeng. Everyone didn't like Luo Zheng.
In fact, if Li Yifeng didn't act so arrogantly, everyone wouldn't treat him like this. From the beginning, Li Yifeng had put himself on a pedestal. For such a person, everyone was happy to see him fall from a pedestal. Moreover, the more miserably he fell, the better!
The sound of hundreds of thousands of people shouting together was enough to shake the heavens and earth. The sound wave was getting louder and louder. This scene would be unforgettable for Li Yifeng for the rest of his life!
Finally, Li Yifeng clenched his teeth and said, "Alright, I'll call!"
Li Yifeng originally wanted to take advantage of the crowd's clamor to call out in a low voice. But at this moment, it was as if the hundred thousand people had come to an agreement. The clamor quickly died down, and all the disciples in the arena fell silent. It was so quiet that even if a needle fell to the ground, it could be heard clearly! Moreover, everyone slightly tilted their head, opened their ears, and stared at Li Yifeng …
"Are you guys playing with me?" Li Yifeng felt that he was about to cry. His personality was carefree and somewhat crazy, but he wasn't really mentally retarded. Otherwise, how could he cultivate to this point?
Realizing that he couldn't fool them, Li Yifeng opened his mouth and shouted, "God grandpa!"
"Pfft!" Not far away, Luo Yan heard him call out 'God grandpa' and finally couldn't help but laugh. Her tall and straight chest was constantly moving up and down, and her waist was like a piece of paper.
She didn't expect that after Li Yifeng called her grandaunt, he would actually have to call Luo Zheng 'God grandpa'. In the end, this guy asked for it! He wasn't worth pitying!
Many disciples also roared with laughter. With so many people roaring with laughter, the sound wave came one after another. This joke was really too big.
Li Yifeng's face was so red that it seemed like it could drip blood. What made him hate even more was that Luo Zheng actually smiled and nodded.
I'm the great senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect. Even if I call you 'God grandpa', you still have the nerve to nod? Fine, I'll make you regret it!
When everyone's laughter gradually dissipated, Li Yifeng said again, "I did underestimate you before. Since that's the case, let's do it again. We'll have a proper sword duel. The loser will call the other party 'God Grandfather'. And every time you see him, you have to call him that. Luo Zheng, do you dare to accept?"
As soon as he said this, Luo Zheng looked at Li Yifeng as if he was looking at a stupid c * nt.
The 100,000 people also looked at Li Yifeng as if they were looking at a stupid c * nt …
Li Yifeng was a stupid c * nt and thought that others were as stupid as him. It was already good enough that Luo Zheng agreed to compete with Luo Zheng using sword moves in the All-Peak Competition. Why would he add such a condition?
Li Yifeng also realized that his request was a bit stupid. He could only clench his teeth and say, "Fine, if you don't agree, then forget it. Then let's have a proper sword competition!"
After saying this, Li Yifeng shook his long sword and pointed the tip of the sword at Luo Zheng! A cold aura burst out from his body.
Even if he was only holding a Xuan Weapon, in Li Yifeng's hand, it looked different. It was as if he was holding an Immortal Weapon, a Sacred Weapon!
This Li Yifeng gave Luo Zheng the feeling of facing the "Ice Sword Celestial Being" on the Massacre Sword Mountain. A person who could become the great senior brother of the Blue Cloud Sect was not simple after all!
＝＝＝＝＝