Apart from being a bit crazy and occasionally a bit muddle-headed, this guy was definitely the strongest opponent Luo Zheng had ever encountered!
If he could use his cultivation method and true essence, Luo Zheng wouldn't be his opponent.
After all, the gap between their realms was too big. Even if Luo Zheng's foundation was solid, Li Yifeng's foundation was also very solid. He had only reached the sixth tier of the Divine Reflection Realm by relying on his solid foundation and not by using medicinal pills.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't worried about this gap. He only needed to follow his own pace and work hard bit by bit. He would eventually surpass Li Yifeng.
Now, Luo Zheng only needed to think about how to defeat him in a contest of sword arts.
"Your basic sword arts are indeed strange. I don't know how it works. The basic sword arts are clearly the most simplified basic sword arts, but your basic sword arts seem to be countless times more simplified than the real basic sword arts. I don't know how you do it, but the power of this simplified sword art doesn't necessarily mean there's no way to break it!"
When a person, especially a capable person, was serious, his aura would often be very powerful and charming! At this moment, Li Yifeng's previous appearance was completely different. It was as if he was a completely different person.
For a moment, many people in the audience couldn't react.
"Watch me use the most complicated sword art to break your extremely simple sword art!" After saying this, the sword in Li Yifeng's hand suddenly began to shake.
With this shake, an endless number of sword flowers suddenly appeared.
Those sword flowers were layered, like thousands of peonies blooming at the same time. The blooming flowers were too much for the eyes to take in.
"Falling Petals Sword Art!" “
After the endless sword flowers appeared, they swept toward Luo Zheng from all directions.
"What a beautiful sword art! What a complicated sword flower! " Looking at the layers upon layers of extremely complicated sword flowers enveloping his head, Luo Zheng had a feeling that he couldn't breathe.
Using a complicated sword art to break my sword art?
Now he saw that Li Yifeng's method was indeed very effective.
At the very least, Luo Zheng couldn't find a way to break it. Not only was this sword art gorgeous, but it was also too complicated. It didn't mean that a complicated sword art had no flaws, but when the sword art was complicated to the extreme, Luo Zheng couldn't find a flaw in it in a short time!
When swordsmen dueled with swords, victory or defeat was usually decided in an instant. How could there be so much time for him to find an opening?
Without any other choice, Luo Zheng pointed the sword tip downwards, and hung it close to the left side of his body. Li Da's purlicue was at the front of the sword blade, while his left hand's sword fingers were attached to his right wrist.
"Hang the sword! “
Hanging Sword was one of the basic swordsmanship moves used for defense. His opponent's swordsmanship was too powerful. Unable to find a way to break it, Luo Zheng could only defend while retreating.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding …"
The moment Luo Zheng raised his long sword, the sword flowers in Li Yifeng's hand poured down on Luo Zheng's sword like a torrential downpour. The collision produced a crisp sound, as if countless fine jade had fallen to the ground.
Luo Zheng retreated seven or eight steps before stabilizing his body. But before he could take a breath, Li Yifeng once again waved the profound weapon in his hand and rushed up!
"Extremely simple sword art? Humph, it's only so-so. How about you break my sword art? Let's see how you break it. Xiantian second stage, with your eyesight, it's impossible for you to break it. My Falling Petals Sword's first stab is divided into twelve sword flowers. The second stab is divided into one hundred and forty-four sword flowers. The third stab is divided into one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight sword flowers! Let's see how you can find a flaw in so many sword flowers! "
Li Yifeng sneered and waved his long sword again. Sword flowers emerged one after another, extremely exaggerated!
Looking at so many sword flowers, Luo Yan frowned. Brother's cultivation was still too low! In fact, brother's basic swordsmanship still had an advantage over Falling Petals Sword.
But a martial artist's strength was a combination.
Previously, Luo Zheng was able to deal with Pei Tianyao because Luo Zheng's foundation was solid and he had several trump cards that were extremely powerful.
However, Luo Zheng's cultivation had always been his shortcoming. If he reached Xiantian Full Circle, his dantian would become full and nourish his soul, allowing him to communicate with heaven and earth.
But after stepping into Illuminating Spirit Realm, there would be earth-shaking changes. It was a very crucial realm in the True Essence system.
With brother's eyesight, as long as he had just stepped into Illuminating Spirit Realm, he would be able to see the flaw in Falling Petals Sword. But if he were to face Falling Petals Sword now, it would be too difficult for him to find the flaw in an instant … …
"Ding ding ding ding … …"
Luo Zheng retreated once again!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was not far from the edge of the arena. If he was forced into a corner by Li Yifeng again, he would face a situation where he could no longer retreat. Then, he would lose without a doubt.
Probably because his swordsmanship had suppressed Luo Zheng, Li Yifeng's face revealed a cynical smile. "Humph, humph, let's see how you will retreat! Give me, defeat! “
Li Yifeng brandished the profound tool sword in his hand once again. As long as Luo Zheng was unable to break his Falling Petals Sword, then this time, Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated. There was no other possibility.
Seeing this scene, Elder Ge shook his head. Luo Zheng was still pushing himself too hard against Li Yifeng. Even if it was a duel of sword moves, this could not be considered a fair duel.
Although Luo Zheng had relied on the Hanging Sword to block two waves of attacks from Li Yifeng, this was already his limit. After all, Luo Zheng had been relying on the Hanging Sword to defend. He was simply unable to counterattack.
And in a duel of sword moves, defense was often the worst strategy. This was because the best defense was offense. This was also why many sword moves completely abandoned defense and only focused on offense. Because as long as the opponent was suppressed and unable to breathe, then victory could be easily obtained.
Li Yifeng took advantage of this point. He simply did not give Luo Zheng any time to think about how to break his moves. He only used three waves of attacks to defeat Luo Zheng!
Just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated, Li Yifeng thought that Luo Zheng would definitely be defeated, and Luo Zheng himself also thought that he would definitely be defeated …
"Ding ding ding — — Clang!"
Li Yifeng's sword continuously slashed Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword. Unexpectedly, it suddenly broke …
"Huh?" Li Yifeng held the broken sword in his hand, and his entire person suddenly froze.
Luo Zheng was also stunned. The 100,000 disciples were also stunned …
No one expected that the duel, which should have ended, would actually end up like this!
And Luo Yan once again giggled.
Li Yifeng's only immortal tool was lost to Luo Yan in a bet. Because he had been busy with closed-door cultivation for a long time, he did not have much time to earn points. Naturally, he also did not exchange for his own immortal tool.
So all along, he had been using an ordinary profound tool to make up the numbers.
This time, he shamelessly participated in the Peak's Grand Tournament. Perhaps, Li Yifeng did not want to walk the Azure Clouds Road. He could use this title to ask Shi Jingtian for an immortal tool.
After all, the first place of the Peak's Grand Tournament did indeed have this reward.
However, how could a profound tool compare to an immortal tool?
There was still a spirit tool in between the two!
If Li Yifeng did not use the Falling Petals Sword, the situation would be better. His sword would not break so quickly. After all, ordinary sword moves would usually end after a few collisions.
The problem was that the Falling Petals Sword's speed was extremely fast. The sword moves were like raindrops, densely chopping Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword.
In a breath's time, it was unknown how many collisions there were, or even hundreds of collisions!
How could a profound tool withstand such fierce collisions?
Therefore, in this fierce collision, the profound tool treasure sword in Li Yifeng's hand broke.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. The sword breaking did not mean that the sword competition was over. After all, this was just a spar. Li Yifeng could borrow another sword.
However, this gave Luo Zheng time to catch his breath. He had to use this time to think of a way to break Li Yifeng's Falling Petals Sword.
He did not know what expression Li Yifeng had on his face right now …
He was clearly about to win, but the broken sword in his hand did not live up to his expectations. It broke at this crucial moment.
He casually threw away the broken sword in his hand and said to Elder Ge with a sad face, "Elder Ge, can you lend me a sword? “
Elder Ge helplessly shook his head, "I don't use a sword. How can I lend you a sword? “
Li Yifeng's gaze swept across the hundred thousand disciples in the arena, "Can someone lend me a sword? “
No one said a word …
"Fuck," Li Yifeng cursed inwardly. What kind of people are these? For better or for worse, this old one is still your great senior brother, yet you don't give me any face. If this old one doesn't go to the Cloud Hall in the future and returns to the Blue Cloud Sect as an elder, I'll deal with you all one by one.
In the end, Li Yifeng's eyes still looked towards Luo Yan. When he was about to say something, Luo Yan spoke first, "What do you plan on calling me? “
Even though Luo Yan left Purgatory Mountain, her identity still had to be kept a secret. That was why she hoped that Li Yifeng would reveal her identity in front of everyone.
Li Yifeng was already used to this. After a sigh, he said, "Alright, great aunt, can you lend me your Cloud Returning Sword? “
"It's your Cloud Returning Sword?" Luo Yan's long, shapely eyebrows stood up.
"Alright, alright, I was wrong. Since the Cloud Returning Sword lost to you, then it's yours. Can you lend me your Cloud Returning Sword? Just for a bit!" In the end, he still didn't have much confidence in borrowing things from others, so Li Yifeng could only speak nicely.
Luo Yan laughed in a carefree and complacent manner for a bit. Then, her smile suddenly disappeared, shaking her head and saying, "Not lending!" “
"Hey, hey … you …" Li Yifeng felt like he wanted to curse out, but right now, only Luo Yan was willing to lend the sword. Moreover, the Cloud Returning Sword was his sword to begin with, only by obtaining the Cloud Returning Sword would he be able to use it freely. How could he dare offend Luo Yan?
In reality, it wasn't that Luo Yan didn't want to lend the sword, it was just that she already saw that Luo Zheng was currently meditating with his eyes closed, as if he was searching for a way to break free. That was why Luo Yan was only helping her older brother stall for time.
This competition wasn't fair to begin with, so as the younger sister, she couldn't be blamed for playing some small tricks!