Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Luo Yan obediently nodded. Since her brother said so, he must have his own way of dealing with it. Thus, she took out the Cloud Returning Sword and handed it to Li Yifeng.
After receiving the Cloud Returning Sword from Luo Yan, he used his hand to continuously stroke it. The Cloud Returning Sword was snow white, and the material was very special. It didn't look like gold or iron, as if it was a kind of wood blade. However, when he flicked the blade with his finger, it made a metallic sound.
"Ai, there's no other way. I can't use true essence, and I still have to use a profound level weapon. This sword move really can't compare. Now that I have my Cloud Returning Sword, it's much better! This Cloud Returning Sword probably won't break again. Luo Zheng, let's see how you block this time! " Li Yifeng's hand lightly moved, and streaks of snow white sword shadows seemed to form a wheel that revolved around Li Yifeng's hand.
Luo Zheng's flowing light sword lightly shook. He didn't answer Li Yifeng's words and only said indifferently, "Make your move." “
Li Yifeng, holding the Cloud Returning Sword, once again shook out countless sword flowers. The Cloud Returning Sword was white, and the sword flowers shook out were also snow white!
"Lose for me!" “
The layers of sword flowers, because of the Cloud Returning Sword, were now dyed with a layer of snow white. They were like layers of clouds that rolled towards Luo Zheng. However, within these clouds of sword flowers, there were layers of killing intent!
Because the two sides' contest was limited to a contest of sword moves from the beginning, they couldn't use true essence or other techniques. Therefore, Li Yifeng couldn't use true essence to strengthen his profound level sword. He clearly knew that his profound level sword was too weak and would be at a disadvantage if it collided with Luo Zheng's immortal weapon. Therefore, he had been suppressing his own strength and didn't dare to use his full strength.
Now that he had the Cloud Returning Sword in his hand, Li Yifeng no longer had any misgivings. His attack speed was faster, and his power was also greater!
When the two had just exchanged blows, Luo Zheng was still in a defensive position, and he still used the "hanging sword" to block!
"Tok tok tok tok tok … …"
The Cloud Returning Sword tapped Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword again and again, but there was no clear and pleasant sound. Instead, it was a very dull sound, like that of a woodpecker pecking at wood.
"Seeing how confident you were, I thought you had already thought of a way to break it. I didn't expect you to still be able to passively defend. Sigh, how disappointing," said Li Yifeng as he tilted the sword in his hand. He couldn't help but reveal a disappointed expression.
"If you continue like this, you'll only be struggling at death's door. When you're forced to the edge of the arena by me again, won't you still lose? Don't waste any more time. Why don't you just admit defeat? It'll look better if you lose, "Li Yifeng said with a chuckle. Then, cloud-like sword flowers spread out from his hand. His sword attack was also very smooth. It really gave people a feeling of being at ease.
Luo Yan, who was not far away, showed a puzzled expression.
Based on the confidence that her brother had shown just now, he must have thought of a way to break this Falling Petals Sword. But why hadn't he changed his move yet? Why was he still using the Hanging Sword to block Li Yifeng's attack?
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still losing like a landslide even after Li Yifeng changed his sword, many people couldn't help but shake their heads.
After all, there were still many people who were looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance. They hoped that he would be able to defeat Li Yifeng in a competition of sword moves.
However, other than using Basic Sword Techniques to force Li Yifeng into a very difficult situation, Luo Zheng had been suppressing Luo Zheng after Li Yifeng unsheathed his sword. To put it bluntly, Luo Zheng simply didn't have the power to fight back.
It had to be said that the difference in strength was too great.
At this time, everyone was waiting, waiting for the scene of Luo Zheng's defeat.
Luo Zheng kept retreating from the left side of the arena. Five steps, ten steps, twenty steps, fifty steps, one hundred steps, one hundred and fifty steps … …
While retreating, Luo Zheng kept counting the number of steps he had retreated.
The entire arena was two hundred steps wide. Now, there were only twenty or thirty steps left behind him. However, Luo Zheng's face didn't have much of an expression. He still calmly used the Hanging Sword to block.
One hundred and ninety steps … …
One hundred and ninety-five steps … …
One hundred and ninety-seven steps … …
The smile on Li Yifeng's face grew wider and wider. The moment he suppressed Luo Zheng to the last step, he laughed shrilly and said, "Go down, Luo Zheng. You've lost!"
Just as Li Yifeng was about to draw his sword, a power suddenly passed from his waist to his shoulder to his arm to his wrist. At this moment, the Flowing Light Sword suddenly shot out like a fierce dragon coming out of its cave.
"Pata!"
The Flowing Light Sword's blade intercepted the Cloud Returning Sword three inches away.
It was because of this section of the Flowing Light Sword that Li Yifeng's sword flowers had been disintegrated!
Li Yifeng frowned. He flipped his hand and was about to send out countless sword flowers. However, Luo Zheng seemed to have anticipated Li Yifeng's sword style. He once again shot out the Flowing Light Sword and used the same technique to heavily hit the Cloud Returning Sword three inches away. Once again, Li Yifeng's attack was disintegrated!
"Intercepting Sword!"
This was one of the basic sword styles that was specifically used to intercept other people's sword moves!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was indeed impossible for him to directly break through the Vibrant Falling Petals Sword. It was too complicated. Luo Zheng couldn't see through the real and fake moves.
After racking his brains, Luo Zheng finally thought of a way to break through.
Since he couldn't block this Vibrant Falling Petals Sword, then before Li Yifeng's sword flowers blossomed, he would directly kill it in its infancy!
Luo Zheng simply didn't let Li Yifeng use this move. Every time Li Yifeng raised his hand, Luo Zheng's Intercepting Sword would always be able to intercept the Cloud Returning Sword three inches away. The sword style was flat, steady, and incomparably accurate.
"You!"
At this time, it was Li Yifeng's turn to be depressed.
Every time he was about to make a move, his sword would be immediately blocked by Luo Zheng. This kind of feeling was very uncomfortable.
It was like a person who wanted to shout, but every time before he could shout, there would always be someone who would be one step ahead of him and cover his mouth! That voice would be forcibly suppressed. It would be strange if he didn't feel uncomfortable!
The problem was that this wasn't the first or second time that Li Yifeng had encountered this. In these few breaths, Li Yifeng had attacked more than ten times, but Luo Zheng had still attacked more than ten times with the Intercepting Sword. The originally prepared sword moves had been forcibly destroyed by Luo Zheng. Li Yifeng felt so uncomfortable that he was about to vomit blood.
Moreover, Li Yifeng wanted to retreat. He wanted to increase the distance between him and Luo Zheng.
Li Yifeng retreated ten steps, and Luo Zheng advanced ten steps, like a shadow, always maintaining a distance of three feet from him. According to Li Yifeng's estimation, if he didn't use Zhen Yuan, then he simply wouldn't be able to get rid of Luo Zheng.
And Li Yifeng's cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's. According to common sense, his strength should be greater than Luo Zheng's. By relying on his tyrannical strength, he hoped that he would be able to push Luo Zheng's sword away and forcefully use the Falling Petals Sword Technique.
However, just as Li Yifeng used his strength, he discovered that Luo Zheng's sword was as heavy as a small mountain, and he simply couldn't push it away … How was this possible! How could this guy's strength be so great?
Li Yifeng didn't know that there were already too many people who were shocked by Luo Zheng's terrifying strength, and he wasn't the first person.
Crazy!
At this moment, Li Yifeng was really aggrieved!
He had actually been defeated by a Xiantian second stage junior using a basic sword technique!
Although he was shameless and often crazy, Li Yifeng was not the slightest bit careless on the path of martial arts. Otherwise, how could he become the big brother of the Blue Cloud Sect?
It could be said that the path of martial arts was his greatest pride! Everyone could ridicule him for being an idiot, but no one could look down on his martial arts cultivation.
However, at this moment, no matter how aggrieved and depressed he was, what could he do? Luo Zheng simply wouldn't let him use his sword technique, and he simply couldn't organize an attack! If he used his true essence, he could forcefully push away Luo Zheng's sword, and then use his true essence to cut Luo Zheng into pieces. The problem was that the rules had already been set, and if he used his true essence, he would lose.
Could it be that in a contest of sword techniques, I am really inferior to Luo Zheng? Unconsciously, such a thought appeared in Li Yifeng's mind.
"The tables have turned! Luo Zheng has really defeated Li Yifeng in a contest of sword techniques! "
"Luo Zheng's basic sword technique is abnormal. If I were to learn that basic sword technique, without using my true essence, I would be able to defeat Li Yifeng in a contest of sword techniques!"
"Braggart, why don't you go up and try? Although everyone thinks that Li Yifeng is an idiot, but if you really think that he is an idiot, then you are an idiot. It is not an accident that Li Yifeng became the big brother! "
Luo Zheng's reversal had indeed surprised the 100,000 spectators. After all, Li Yifeng had used his sword to force Li Yifeng from the right side of the arena to the left side, and then from the left side to the right side, and almost at the last step, he had launched a counterattack. Luo Zheng was really able to keep his composure.
Luo Yan looked at her brother's performance and couldn't help but nod. She was not wrong, her brother had indeed found a way to break the rules, but Luo Yan hadn't thought that Luo Zheng would break the rules so thoroughly that Li Yifeng simply didn't have the strength to fight back!