"Clang!"
Li Yifeng had just raised his sword when Luo Zheng used Intercept Sword again. It was an ordinary basic sword technique, but it was perfect without any flaws.
Attack …
"Clang!" “
Attack …
"Clang!" “
Li Yifeng was unable to attack anymore. He said with a sad face, "Let me attack once, okay? I beg you … "
Hearing Li Yifeng's shameless words, everyone was speechless.
Luo Zheng gently raised his Flowing Light Sword and maintained a posture of attacking at any time. He silently shook his head.
"Okay, since it's like this, I can only use this move! I'll fight you to the death! "Li Yifeng's expression changed very quickly. Just a moment ago, he was begging Luo Zheng, and now his face was full of hatred!
This time, Li Yifeng's sword technique finally changed.
The Vibrant Falling Petals Sword Technique was an extremely light and agile sword technique, but when Li Yifeng's movements changed, a fierce aura was emitted from his body. Both of his feet were firmly fixed on the stage, just like a mountain god.
Luo Zheng took a step back. The sword technique in his hand also changed. He knew that Li Yifeng's next move could not be blocked with Intercept Sword.
Li Yifeng was strong. Luo Zheng had to be stronger than him to be able to firmly suppress his sword technique!
"Splitting Mountain and Splitting Earth Sword!"
An extremely steady and destructive sword technique shot out from Li Yifeng's hand. Swords were not like sabers. Sabers often walked the path of power and dominance. However, swords generally walked the path of agility and lightness. There were very few sword techniques with this kind of power.
Li Yifeng's sword seemed to be able to cut open mountains and split the earth!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Without any hesitation, he lowered his wrist, causing the tip of the sword to go up.
"Collapsing Sword!"
Collapsing Sword was the most powerful sword technique among the basic sword techniques!
After being simplified, the power of Collapsing Sword was even purer. No matter how powerful you were, you could not escape the fate of collapsing!
"Clang!" “
At the instant the two swords collided, everyone heard a crisp sound. They saw a white sword spinning in the air like a wheel before finally falling to the ground. Only then did everyone see that it was Li Yifeng's Cloud Returning Sword!
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, held the Flowing Light Sword and pressed the tip of the sword against Li Yifeng's chest.
Li Yifeng's face was filled with disbelief. His chest heaved up and down as he panted heavily.
Many of the disciples in the arena seemed to have expected this scene! Ever since he entered the first match of the All-Peak Grand Competition, Luo Zheng had never been defeated.
Although the two of them were only competing in sword moves, from the moment Luo Zheng was suppressed to the moment Luo Zheng made a comeback, they knew that Luo Zheng had basically won. This was because Luo Zheng's specialty was to become stronger when facing a strong opponent!
Even the big brother of the Blue Cloud Sect couldn't stop Luo Zheng's victory …
Too perverted …
What was even more abnormal was that Luo Zheng's performance had already made everyone numb. It would be strange if Luo Zheng really failed!
"You lost," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"I refuse to accept this! You are no match for me! Li Yifeng shouted loudly.
"Yifeng! A loss is a loss. Seeing that the winner and loser had been decided, Elder Ge also entered the arena.
"If I could use True Essence, I would defeat you in three moves!" Li Yifeng continued to say.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to this idiot. He carefully wiped the Flowing Light Sword and put it back into his Sumeru Ring. Then he said, "You are right. If I use True Essence, I am indeed no match for you now. But I believe that it won't be long before you are no match for me!"
"You …" Luo Zheng's words made Li Yifeng suddenly choked. Luo Zheng was right. Li Yifeng thought that his talent was monstrous enough, but Luo Zheng was even more monstrous than him. If Luo Zheng was given time to grow, he was afraid that he really wouldn't be able to beat him.
However, Li Yifeng was Li Yifeng after all. He said, "I don't care about the future. At least now you are no match for me! Let's use True Essence to fight again. Come on! If I can't defeat you in three moves, I will call you God Grandfather! "
As soon as these words were spoken, the 100,000 disciples once again said in their hearts, "The Blue Cloud Sect's Great Senior Brother is indeed worthy of being called an idiot."
Luo Zheng, who was preparing to leave the arena, suddenly turned around and said with a smile, "I am not interested in being your God Grandfather." After saying this, Luo Zheng jumped down from the arena and walked towards Luo Yan.
Only Li Yifeng, whose face was filled with unwillingness, was left standing there in a daze. Seeing that Li Yifeng was still not leaving, Elder Ge could only shake his head. This guy really didn't know what shame was. Soon after, he also chased Li Yifeng out of the arena.
Next, Elder Ge began to announce the rankings of the Azure Sky Proclamation.
Originally, Li Yifeng was ranked first on the Azure Sky Proclamation. Moreover, this glory could have continued because with Li Yifeng's current strength, his name would have been removed from the Azure Sky Proclamation.
Unfortunately, Li Yifeng insisted on competing with Luo Zheng in sword techniques …
After being defeated by Luo Zheng, Li Yifeng fell from first place to second place and then was removed from the Azure Sky Proclamation.
Now, the first place on the Azure Sky Proclamation was undoubtedly Luo Zheng, second place was Pei Tianyao, third place was Hua Tianming, fourth place was … …
Elder Ge's voice was full of energy as he announced from the first place to the hundredth place in one breath. As for the list of the next nine hundred places, he didn't need to read it out. This list would be hung on the 33 peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect and every disciple could check it out.
The Azure Sky Proclamation was the highest glory for the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. As long as one was able to occupy a position on the Azure Sky Proclamation, it was equivalent to standing in the top one thousand of the hundreds of thousands of disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Many disciples looked at the Azure Sky Proclamation and cultivated little by little to encourage themselves, hoping that one day they would be able to appear on the Azure Sky Proclamation.
As for the top one hundred places, top ten places, top three places … ….
Many disciples couldn't reach that step even in their dreams.
But now, a Xiantian second stage disciple had done it. In many people's eyes, this was an unimaginable matter, but it happened right under their noses, so they couldn't help but believe it.
No matter whether they believed it or not, this matter had happened. Moreover, Luo Zheng deserved to be the first place, and finally, he even won against Li Yifeng in sword moves. No one doubted Luo Zheng's strength, but some people were amazed at his talent. After all, Luo Zheng had created a miracle since the establishment of the Blue Cloud Sect!
Moreover, this miracle would certainly not be replicated in the future.
After Elder Ge finished his announcement, he said to Luo Zheng: "Luo Zheng, the Sect Master wants to see you, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao. “
After Elder Ge finished speaking, a deacon stopped a Flying Chariot and the three people immediately boarded it. The Flying Chariot flew all the way to the west under everyone's gaze.
The disciples below could only look at them with envious eyes. The reward for the top three places in the Blue Cloud Sect was to walk the Blue Cloud Road once! If one wanted to open the Blue Cloud Road, the price was one million points, which was two million square crystal stones.
In other words, as the top three places, they had won two million square crystal stones for themselves. If this reward was really counted, many great noble families wouldn't be able to fork out this amount of money. Even the seven great noble families wouldn't be able to fork out this amount of crystal stones in one go.
Luo Yan glanced at the dejected Li Yifeng and said with a smile: "Why don't you have a share? “
Li Yifeng muttered: "Who knows? I'm not interested in the Blue Cloud Road, and the Sect Master probably isn't willing to let me go … … "Li Yifeng had gone to the Blue Cloud Road once, but he had fallen asleep halfway. This matter made Shi Jingtian very angry. Li Yifeng not being able to pass the Blue Cloud Road trial was a small matter, but he had lost face in the Cloud Hall. This was the reason why Shi Jingtian was angry.
As for Li Yifeng's future, Shi Jingtian probably had other plans.
Standing on the Flying Chariot, the strong wind blew past their faces. With the Flying Chariot's speed, they arrived at a tall mountain in the sect in less than half an hour. On this mountain, there was a simple and unadorned palace. This was the Blue Cloud Palace where the Sect Master resided.
The Blue Cloud Palace's construction was very unique. From the eaves to the feet, it looked like rolling clouds. Sitting on top of the mountain, it looked like an immortal palace.
The Flying Chariot stopped steadily on the platform at the entrance of the palace. Luo Zheng and the other two were led into the Blue Cloud Palace by the attendant.
In the huge palace, Shi Jingtian's tall and sturdy figure was like a small mountain. He stood in the middle without moving, but there was a heavy aura emitting from his body.
After Luo Zheng, Pei Tianyao, and Hua Tianming walked in, they cupped their hands and bowed to Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian looked at the three of them with satisfaction. The performance of this year's All-Peak Grand Competition had stunned Shi Jingtian! No matter if it was Pei Tianyao or Hua Tianming, the strength that they had displayed had far surpassed their previous performances … …
Of course, except for the previous competition! This was because the first place of the previous competition was that damned Li Yifeng. Although he was strong, he didn't live up to expectations at all!
In fact, because Li Yifeng had been sleeping on the Blue Clouds Road, Shi Jingtian had been ridiculed by his colleagues in the Cloud Hall for the past three years. Because of this, Shi Jingtian had been brooding over it. He wanted to get back his face on the Blue Clouds Road this time! He wanted to make those old fellows in the Cloud Hall shut up!
Fortunately, Shi Jingtian wasn't disappointed. Not only did a peerless genius like Hua Tianming appear in this All-Peak Grand Competition, but Pei Tianyao's strength had also increased steadily! More importantly, Luo Zheng!
Finally, Shi Jingtian's gaze landed on Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, the first place of this All-Peak Grand Competition will not only be rewarded with a Clear Void Pill, but also an Immortal Equipment. Now, you can choose the Immortal Equipment you need! “
"Can I choose my own Immortal Equipment?" Luo Zheng nodded and asked. Because of Yao Ye's perfect performance, her sword dance and baleful aura were even more formidable than his own. So, Luo Zheng really needed another Immortal Equipment.
＝＝＝＝＝