If Luo Zheng possessed two immortal artifacts at the same time, then Yao Ye would have one and he would have one. His combat strength would increase greatly.
He wondered what kind of immortal artifact the Sect Master would bestow upon him.
Low-grade immortal artifacts were still immortal artifacts, middle-grade immortal artifacts were still immortal artifacts, and high-grade immortal artifacts were still immortal artifacts.
However, there was a huge difference between a high-grade immortal artifact and a low-grade immortal artifact.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect the Sect Master to bestow a high-grade immortal artifact to him. It was unrealistic to expect the Sect Master to bestow something that didn't exist in the entire eastern region.
However, if it was a middle-grade immortal artifact, Luo Zheng would naturally be very happy.
Shi Jingtian shook his head with a smile when he saw Luo Zheng's expression of anticipation, and then he clapped his hands.
The Blue Cloud Sect had a deep foundation and there were quite a number of Immortal Equipment in the sect. However, Shi Jingtian was also a greedy person. He wouldn't take out the best items every time.
For example, the Cloud Returning Sword that idiot Li Yifeng had chosen was a very good immortal artifact as well. However, that fellow didn't cherish it at all and actually lost to Luo Yan in a bet. He didn't know how to cherish it at all …
However, it was different this time. Shi Jingtian felt that he hadn't made a wrong judgment. He had high hopes for Luo Zheng. He hoped that not only would Luo Zheng be able to pass the trial on the Azure Clouds Road, but he also hoped that Luo Zheng would fiercely surpass the others and make those old fellows in the Cloud Hall shut their mouths.
It wasn't long before over 10 deacons walked out from the back of the hall. Every single one of them held a long and narrow jade box in their hands.
These deacons stood in a row before Luo Zheng, and the items within the jade box were displayed one by one.
The jade box was filled with swords of various types. Moreover, the worst among them was a low-grade immortal artifact, and there were even three middle-grade immortal artifacts!
One had to know that even the seven great clans only had a few low-grade immortal artifacts, and basically every clan only had one middle-grade immortal artifact. Moreover, there were even two clans that didn't even have a single middle-grade immortal artifact.
Moreover, the Seven Great Landowning Clans had different types of Immortal Artifacts. There were spears, sabers, swords …
Shi Jingtian knew that Luo Zheng used a sword, so he actually took out a dozen immortal grade swords for Luo Zheng to choose from. Among them, there were even three mid-grade immortal grade swords …
If there were so many immortal grade swords, then what about the other types of weapons? Where's the saber? Where's the gun? The Blue Cloud Sect's foundation was still too strong. The Burning Sky Palace's foundation was probably not even half of the Blue Cloud Sect's.
Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming took a deep breath and then showed an envious expression.
Especially Hua Tianming. Although his Corrosive Blood Sword was powerful, all swordsmen loved swords. How could he not like these treasured swords with immortal aura?
It was a pity that only the first place could receive this reward. He was not qualified to receive an immortal weapon as a reward.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept past these immortal grade swords one by one. Each immortal weapon gave Luo Zheng a great attraction, especially the three mid-grade immortal grade swords.
The first mid-grade immortal grade sword was green and lustrous. It looked as if it was made of amber. There seemed to be some strange runes embedded in the sword's body. It gave people a very strange feeling. When you looked at it, you would feel that the sword was also looking at you. It even felt like your soul was being seen through.
Luo Zheng thought to himself, "This sword must contain a powerful healing power for the soul."
As for the second mid-grade immortal ranked sword, it looked very ordinary. Even the tip of the sword looked a bit blunt. It was a heavy sword. As the saying goes, heavy swords have no sharp edges. Although the sword didn't look sharp, its destructive power was astonishing. If it was thrown to the ground, it could probably shatter a house.
Luo Zheng did not need this sword.
In the end, Luo Zheng's gaze locked onto the third sword.
As soon as Luo Zheng's gaze came into contact with the third sword, a strand of strong killing intent swept over from all directions.
It was a blood red mid-grade immortal grade sword. No matter if it was the blade or the hilt, they were scarlet red in color. It seemed like the sword was refined from blood. Moreover, the true baleful aura emanating from the sword made Luo Zheng feel like the number of souls that had perished under this sword was probably uncountable.
"What's the name of this sword?" Asked Luo Zheng.
Shi Jingtian smiled faintly, "I knew you would be interested in this sword. It's called Blooddrinker!" “
"Blooddrinker? That's a good name. "Luo Zheng nodded. Yao Ye's sword dance relied on baleful aura to display formidable might. If this sword was left to Yao Ye, then it would complement him and would be able to display even greater might in his hands. So, Luo Zheng was slightly tempted when he saw this sword.
Meanwhile, Shi Jingtian said, "I knew you would choose this sword. Even though the Slaughter Sword Dao is extremely formidable, you're bound to have to pay a heavy price if you want to go far on this path. Moreover, it's filled with danger. Do you really intend to continue on this path?" “
Shi Jingtian had seen Luo Zheng utilize baleful aura. However, the Blue Cloud Sect didn't interfere with the cultivation of its disciples. So long as Luo Zheng didn't commit heinous acts like massacring a city or wantonly slaughtering, the sect would normally not prohibit him.
However, in the opinion of many people, the Slaughter Sword Dao wasn't the right path. After all, after cultivating to a certain level, if one was unable to control the baleful aura within his body, then he would suffer a backlash from the baleful aura. In the best case scenario, he would lose his mind and go mad. In the worst case scenario, he would suffer from qi deviation and explode to death!
However, even though Shi Jingtian knew that Luo Zheng possessed baleful aura, he didn't know the source of Luo Zheng's baleful aura. Moreover, when Luo Zheng withdrew his baleful aura, it was impossible for others to sense its existence. Therefore, Shi Jingtian guessed that Luo Zheng might have a special method to control his baleful aura.
Everyone had their own secrets, so Shi Jingtian naturally wouldn't ask too much.
Only Hua Tianming knew that Luo Zheng had once walked through the Slaughter Sword Mountain! Hua Tianming knew that Luo Zheng definitely had a way to control his baleful aura.
"Yes, Sect Master. I choose this Blooddrinker!" Luo Zheng said with a firm gaze.
Shi Jingtian also knew that for Luo Zheng to be able to achieve his current achievements and possess such talent, he must be a person with a firm will. He definitely wouldn't change his path just because of Shi Jingtian's words! If Luo Zheng really gave up on the Slaughter Sword Dao because of Shi Jingtian's doubts, Shi Jingtian would doubt Luo Zheng's perseverance.
Every path had its own difficulty. What a true expert needed to do was to choose their own path and walk down it resolutely!
"Since that's the case, I will respect your choice. This Blooddrinker Sword is yours." After Shi Jingtian finished speaking, he clapped his hands. The deacon holding the Blooddrinker Sword presented it to Luo Zheng. The other deacons closed the jade box and left the hall.
However, Hua Tianming could only watch as the deacons left. He could only secretly swallow his saliva. There was no other way. Who told him to not be the first in the Blue Cloud Sect?
Luo Zheng held the Blooddrinker Sword in his hand and swung it around before stuffing it into his Sumeru Ring. He then stood together with Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao.
Today, Shi Jingtian called the three of them over. It definitely wasn't as simple as letting Luo Zheng choose an immortal tool.
After the last deacon left, Shi Jingtian took out a small square jade box from his waist and threw it to Luo Zheng.
"This is the second reward, the Clear Void Pill. “
The Clear Void Pill was a pill used after reaching the Divine Reflection Realm. At this stage, Luo Zheng was temporarily unable to use it. However, during the Divine Reflection Realm, everyone would have a very difficult barrier to break through. At that time, they would need the Clear Void Pill to break through this barrier.
The value of the Clear Void Pill was needless to say. The entire Blue Cloud Sect only had a few pills every year. Those Spiritual Masters and even the Elders coveted this pill.
After Luo Zheng received the Clear Void Pill, Shi Jingtian opened his mouth and said, "This time, I called you over to discuss the Clear Void Path with you! “
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao's expression turned cold.
The Azure Clouds Road was the most important matter that concerned their future prospects!
In the Eastern Region, many martial artists would be stuck in the Xiantian Realm for their entire life.
After becoming a Xiantian Realm martial artist, they would have a lifespan and strength that far exceeded ordinary people. In most places in the Eastern Region, they would be able to seek a good life.
However, as the top disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, their goal was destined to jump out of the Blue Cloud Sect and enter the wider world.