Shi Jingtian smiled when he saw the serious expressions of the three of them.
"You don't have to be so nervous. Actually, the Azure Clouds Road in the Eastern Region isn't as difficult as you think. Your strength far surpasses your peers. I believe that you will be able to achieve good results in the Azure Clouds Road Trial!" Shi Jingtian said.
"Sect Master, is the so-called Azure Clouds Road a road?" Hua Tianming was the first to ask.
"Yes. Actually, the name Azure Clouds Road isn't correct. It's just a way of saying it in our Blue Cloud Sect. This road's original name is the Road of the Trialists!" Shi Jingtian said slowly.
In the eyes of many warriors in the Eastern Region, Shi Jingtian came from the Cloud Hall. Moreover, he was only a member of the Cloud Hall. Even the Emperor of the Burning Sky Palace was a member of the Cloud Hall!
Once they passed the Road of the Trialists, they would be able to become a member of the Cloud Hall. This was equivalent to having the same status as the Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect and the Emperor of the Burning Sky Palace.
This was also why the warriors in the Eastern Region called the Road of the Trialists the Blue Cloud Sect. There was even a legend that once one stepped onto the Azure Clouds Road, one would become an Immortal or Divine Transformation.
Of course, this legend was obviously exaggerated. However, from this saying, one could see that the warriors in the Eastern Region yearned for the Azure Clouds Road.
Unfortunately, no matter when, only a few people could step onto it. For most people, that road was destined to only exist in their imagination.
"The Road of the Trialists doesn't only have the three of you. There is still a month before the Road of the Trialists opens. In this month, prepare well. I hope that you can achieve good results!" Shi Jingtian said.
To be able to achieve good results in the Road of the Trialists and recommend outstanding disciples to the Cloud Hall was a great reward for Shi Jingtian.
This was also the reason why Shi Jingtian placed so much importance on the strength of the top three disciples in the Peak Competition.
When the three of them heard Shi Jingtian's words, they all had different thoughts. However, the Road of the Trialists was a test that all three of them had to pass.
As for what they would encounter along the way and who would participate, Shi Jingtian did not explain in detail to them. However, they would understand when the time came.
After coming out of the Qingyun Palace, Luo Zheng didn't return to Xiao Yufeng. He had more important things to do, which was to go home.
Before going to the Road of the Trial Takers, Luo Zheng had to solve his family's problems!
Chongming County, the Luo family.
A servant was sweeping the fallen leaves in front of the Luo family's gate with a broom.
This year's winter was especially cold, and the Luo Family did not have a happy New Year.
In the past, the sacrificial offerings, ancestral worship, and mountain walks were just done casually this year and ended hastily.
Everyone in the Luo Family, from the Patriarch to the servants, was worried.
Ever since Luo Xiao was no longer around, the Luo Clan had been getting worse day by day.
A few days ago, when the few big clans of Chongyang County were discussing the distribution of the mines in the north, they didn't even invite the Luo Family! This meant that the few big clans had completely excluded the Luo Family and occupied the Luo Family's interests.
Some of the hot-blooded juniors of the Luo Family were still clamoring to make the few big clans pay the price. However, the words of the juniors could only be listened to. The Patriarch of the Luo Family, Luo Bingquan, didn't even let out a fart.
The servant shook his head as he swept the floor. The Luo Family was probably going to fall in the hands of Luo Bingquan. However, he was just a small servant and wouldn't lose anything. If the Luo Family fell, he would just pack up and leave.
Just as the servant was sweeping the floor, he heard a commotion coming from the Luo Family's gate. The servant turned around and saw a person flying out of the gate and falling heavily on the ground.
That person was covered in blood and had many wounds on his body. He had an extremely angry expression on his face. "Huang Ge, you are just a servant! How can you drive away a disciple of the Luo Family? “
Huang Ge stepped on the threshold of the Luo Family's gate with a smug smile on his face. "What? You say I can't drive you away? Sure, if you have the guts, why don't you try stepping through the gate? “
Beside Huang Ge, there were a few tall and sturdy men. They also had a mocking expression on their faces as they looked at the Luo Family disciple on the ground.
The Luo Family disciple was also very stubborn. He was clearly badly injured, but he still jumped up from the ground and rushed towards the Luo Family's gate.
However, before he could cross the threshold of the Luo Family's gate, two sturdy men rushed up and grabbed one of the Luo Family disciple's hands.
These two sturdy men were in the Bone Refining Stage, while the Luo Family disciple was only in the Skin Refining Stage. He was simply not a match for the two sturdy men. After being grabbed by the two sturdy men, he couldn't move at all.
He could only shout with all his might. "Huang Ge, you bastard, you will die a horrible death! “
Huang Ge's face had a trace of a sinister smile. He raised a thick stick in his hand and fiercely smashed it towards the Luo Family disciple's legs.
"Kacha! Kacha! “
Under this blow, the sound of leg bones breaking was suddenly heard.
"Ah! Ah … "
With a blood-curdling scream, the Luo Family disciple's legs were broken just like that.
Then the two sturdy men used force and the Luo Family disciple rolled down the steps at the gate. He lay on the ground and couldn't help but groan.
It could be seen that the Luo Family disciple was very stubborn. Even if his legs were broken, he still wanted to turn over and return to the Luo Family's gate. His body moved on the steps with difficulty, leaving behind spots of blood.
The servant who was sweeping the floor looked at this scene in a daze. He could only sigh. The bloodstains stained the steps, so it was time for him to clean it up.
It wasn't that this servant didn't have sympathy. After working diligently in the Luo Family for decades, this servant also had deep feelings for the Luo Family.
It was just that the Luo Family now was no longer the Luo Family of the past.
And this kind of thing happened almost a few times every month. This servant was already numb. This was not something he could do. Now that everyone in the Luo Family was in danger, what could he, a small servant, do?
"Climb! Do your best to climb! " "Huang Ge walked forward and kicked the Luo Family disciple's chest. The Luo Family disciple climbed up with difficulty, but was kicked down by Huang Ge again.
"Climbing so slowly, like a turtle!" A sturdy man laughed loudly. The other sturdy men also roared with laughter.
The servant shook his head and continued to focus on sweeping the floor. At this moment, he saw two people coming from not far away.
A man and a woman.
The man was very handsome, especially his pair of bright eyes. It was as if there were stars inlaid in his eyes, blooming with a special light.
The woman was very beautiful, so beautiful that she was like a fairy scattered in the mortal world. Even if one took a second look at her, they would feel that they had blasphemed her.
Who were these two people? Why did they appear in the Luo Family? Were they just passing by?
The servant pondered in his heart, but he quickly rejected the idea in his heart. This was because the man and the woman were walking towards the Luo Family's gate.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan walked one after the other.
When they first stepped into Chongyang County, they were a little happy to see the scenery of their hometown. But as they slowly approached the Luo Family, their hearts became heavier and heavier.
Especially after seeing the scene at the gate, Luo Zheng could no longer restrain himself.
That disciple of the Luo Clan was still crawling with all his might. The intense pain caused his face to turn pale. He was completely relying on his last breath to clench his teeth and move up the stairs step by step.
He knew that no matter how hard he tried, it would be in vain. But as a Luo Family disciple, there were some things that were worth his life!
When he climbed up the stairs again, he suddenly found two people standing beside him. A man and a woman. Who were these two people? Why did the man's face look so familiar?
Luo Zheng squatted down beside the Luo Family disciple and suddenly shouted, "Luo Yushu, what are you doing? “
How did this guy know my name? Luo Yushu was very curious. He even forgot the pain of his broken leg at this moment. Luo Yushu gritted his teeth and said, "I want to go home. That damn bastard, I don't have the right to drive him out of the Luo Family! “
Luo Zheng took out an elixir from his Sumeru Ring and gave it to Luo Yushu, "Eat it and then go home. There are no cowards in the Luo Family!" “
"Elixir?" Although Luo Yushu was badly beaten, he could still distinguish the value of Luo Zheng's elixir. It must be expensive. Luo Yushu didn't think much and swallowed it.
Soon, he felt a burst of warmth coming from his Dantian. His legs were suddenly wrapped by a burst of coolness. The injuries on his body healed at a visible speed. Soon, the pain in his legs disappeared completely!
What kind of elixir was this? It could heal his injuries in an instant? Even the best elixir in the Luo Family couldn't compare to one percent of this elixir, right?
Luo Yushu was stunned. Soon, he turned over and stood up from the ground!
"Who are you? How dare you meddle in the business of the Luo Family? " "Huang Ge said with an unkind expression. Although he could see that Luo Zheng and Luo Yan had extraordinary origins, he didn't recognize them.
Luo Yan was only a little girl when she left the Luo Family. Now, she had grown into a slender and elegant lady.
Luo Zheng's aura had changed greatly. In addition, he was still a teenager. These days of cultivation had made his body more tall and sturdy. His aura was more fierce, and even his appearance was more handsome.
Therefore, Huang Ge and Luo Yushu didn't recognize them for a while.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan acted as if they didn't hear Huang Ge's question. Luo Zheng just said to Luo Yushu, "Luo Yushu, let's go home." “
Go home? "
Hearing this, Luo Yushu was stunned. Go home? Only the Luo Family's children could be called home, right?
Luo Yushu suddenly thought of something. He looked at Luo Zheng again. His eyes suddenly widened, and at the same time, there was ecstasy in his eyes!