At that moment, Luo Yushu recognized Luo Zheng. His eyes were filled with disbelief.
Last year, two major events happened in the Luo Clan.
The first was that Luo Zheng was kidnapped by the blacksmith Xie Lang. The second was that Luo Peiran was crippled in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng was kidnapped. Was he dead or alive? Where did he go?
Luo Peiran was crippled. Who crippled him?
The Luo Clan kept their mouths shut about these two events …
In the beginning, everyone in the Luo Clan thought that Luo Zheng was dead for sure. That blacksmith Xie Lang's actions were strange and cruel. There was no way anyone could survive in his hands.
However, as time passed, some rumors slowly spread in the Luo Clan.
These rumors said that Luo Zheng was not dead. Not only that, but he also had a fortuitous encounter and entered the holy land of martial arts, the Blue Cloud Sect!
The rumors were reasonable, but most of the Luo family disciples still didn't believe it. After all, Luo Zheng was kidnapped by Xie Lang that day and everyone saw it with their own eyes. Again, enter the Blue Cloud Sect? How could it be so easy?
The Luo Clan only managed to nurture one Luo Peiran. What did Luo Zheng have? Therefore, most of the people laughed at this rumor.
After that, another major event happened in the Luo Clan. Luo Peiran was crippled and sent back to the Luo Clan from the Blue Cloud Sect.
To the Luo Clan, this was a huge blow.
Every clan in Chong Yang County attached great importance to the nurturing of the younger generation. Many clans tried their best to send their disciples to the Blue Cloud Sect!
These clans did not have high expectations for their disciples. They only hoped that their disciples could become inner disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and become innate lifeforms.
Even Luo Xiao was only an innate lifeform back then.
A single innate lifeform was enough to support a clan.
Therefore, no matter which clan had a disciple in the Blue Cloud Sect, even if he was an outer disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, he was still a threat to the other clans!
Who could guarantee that this disciple would not have a meteoric rise in the future?
Furthermore, when Luo Peiran was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he had already stepped into the Xiantian Realm and even managed to curry favor with the Wang Family.
In the future, Luo Peiran's future was bound to be limitless. In Chongyang County, he was already one of the top figures. Therefore, even though the Luo Clan had declined by then, the other clans in Chongyang County did not dare to provoke the Luo Clan.
However, ever since Luo Peiran was crippled and sent back to the Luo family from the Blue Cloud Sect, the last pillar of the Luo family collapsed.
Now, there was basically no place for the Luo Family in Chongyang County. The properties and mines of the Luo Family had been divided up by other families!
The Luo Family's days were getting harder and harder.
Later, there were rumors that it was Luo Zheng who had crippled Luo Peiran.
This rumor was even more unbelievable. After Luo Peiran swallowed the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill, his strength advanced by leaps and bounds. Even if Luo Zheng didn't die, how could he be Luo Peiran's opponent even if he had a great adventure?
Basically, no one believed this rumor.
But today, when Luo Yushu saw Luo Zheng, he believed it!
Luo Zheng had betrayed the Luo Family. Since he dared to come back, he must have been reborn. He must have stepped into the Xiantian Secret Realm!
With Luo Zheng's help, Luo Yushu walked up the stairs step by step. His legs had healed, but his newly regenerated bones were still weak, so he walked a little slowly. However, the efficacy of the Heaven and Earth Fortune Pill was enough to shock Luo Yushu.
"Stop! If you continue, we won't be polite anymore! " Huang Ge shouted coldly. Huang Ge was arrogant, but he was no fool. This man and woman had extraordinary temperaments. With one look, he could tell that they were not ordinary people. Naturally, he did not dare to offend them. Moreover, the elixir the man took out healed Luo Yushu's broken legs in an instant. It would be hard to find another elixir like this in Chongyang County.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan did not seem to have ears. He helped Luo Yushu up the stairs while Luo Yan followed behind quietly.
"You guys, stop them! How dare you behave so atrociously in front of the Luo Family? You don't know the immensity of heaven and earth! " Seeing that his threat was ineffective, Huang Ge's eyes flashed fiercely. He could not see the cultivation of this man and woman, but after all, they were young. They could not fight against the entire Luo Family, could they?
The few strong men beside Huang Ge heard his order and rushed down fiercely.
Seeing those strong men, Luo Yushu's eyes showed a touch of worry. These strong men were all experts in the Bone Refining Realm and had extraordinary strength.
Although he knew that since Luo Zheng dared to come back, he must have something to rely on, he was still a little worried.
However, before the few burly men could even get close to Luo Yushu, several black dots appeared not far in front of Luo Yushu.
As soon as those small black dots appeared, they quickly condensed into black spikes. After those spikes appeared, they suddenly pierced towards the strong men.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
In the blink of an eye, a large hole appeared in the chest of each of the burly men. Blood flowed out of their chests, and the burly men had puzzled expressions on their faces.
How did they do it?
How did these black spikes come about?
Those two young men and woman did not move at all. How did they … die?
Plop, plop, plop.
Those strong men fell to the ground with doubts. They did not even have time to scream.
Wisps of evil aura gushed out from those bodies. These evil auras were originally floating towards Luo Yan because she had just killed people. However, Luo Zheng was one step ahead and attracted these evil auras.
I'll start cultivating my Slaughter Sword Dao from this moment onwards! Luo Zheng looked indifferently at the corpses on the ground. He continued to help Luo Yushu up.
At this moment, Huang Ge was also immersed in great shock.
He could not figure out what had just happened. How did the few Bone Refining Stage fighters by his side die in an instant? That young man and woman did not move at all! What kind of method was this? Was this the method of a demon?
"Who are you! Our Luo Family has no enmity with you! Why … "Because of fear, Huang Ge spoke with a trace of sobbing.
Luo Zheng finally helped Luo Yushu up the stairs. He asked softly, "Can you walk by yourself? “
"Yes!" Luo Yushu replied affirmatively.
"Follow behind me!" “
Luo Zheng walked towards Huang Ge and said indifferently, "Steward Huang, have you forgotten about me?" “
Huang Ge was puzzled. How did he know about me? And he said that I had forgotten about him? He is … "
At this moment, Huang Ge carefully looked at Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's temperament had changed a lot, his basic appearance had not changed. Huang Ge's face changed greatly after looking at him.
"You, you, you, you … are Luo Zheng!" Huang Ge's eyes were filled with disbelief. Luo Zheng had returned and was so strong?
Luo Zheng?
The servant who had been sweeping the floor stopped his broom at this moment. His face was also filled with shock.
This servant had been in the Luo Family for dozens of years. Naturally, he was very familiar with the former young master. From this angle, he could see Luo Zheng's appearance. Only then did he confirm that it was indeed Luo Zheng!
Moreover, the girl behind him was also very familiar. Her appearance was 60% similar to the dead Luo Xiao. That should be Luo Yan!
It was actually this pair of brother and sister! They had actually returned? This servant's expression was also somewhat excited. He had to use a lot of strength to hold the broom tightly.
"Since that's the case, an evil servant like you can die in peace?" Luo Zheng slowly pulled out a sword from his sumeru ring.
"I … don't kill me! I beg you, Luo Zheng. I have wronged you before. I apologize to you! Let me go. I can … "
"Pu!"
A cold light flashed in front of Huang Ge's eyes.
Huang Ge was still talking to himself, but suddenly he found that he couldn't speak anymore. Then, a trace of blood appeared on his neck, and drops of blood seeped out from the thin trace.
"I … I …" Huang Ge covered his neck and lay down. After his trachea was cut open, he could only look at Luo Zheng with pleading eyes. If Luo Zheng could give him one of the pills that Luo Yushu ate, he might be saved.
Luo Zheng stepped forward. He lowered his head and looked at Huang Ge's fat face. He said, "If apologies were useful, then why would this world need weapons? “
＝＝＝＝＝