Luo Yan glanced at Huang Ge indifferently and then followed behind Luo Zheng. She was not familiar with Huang Ge and did not know this person when she left the Luo family. However, since her brother wanted to kill him, he must be a bad person.
When Luo Yushu passed by, he spat on Huang Ge's face fiercely and then followed.
Not long after, when Huang Ge was completely dead, a strand of murderous aura gathered towards Luo Zheng. Murderous aura was originally the power of a curse formed when a living being was killed because they were unwilling to give up.
The stronger the creature, the stronger the evil spirit formed after death.
A small character like Huang Ge would only have a wisp of evil spirit.
However, evil spirit was originally accumulated. Today, Luo Zheng was going to use the Slaughter Sword Principle to envelop the Luo family and use the most iron-fisted method to wipe out all the dissidents in the Luo family!
In the past, Luo Xiao was too kind to his brothers because of a trace of soft-heartedness. In the end, he was plotted against by Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi.
Requiting evil with good, but in the end, it was a disaster of death.
Luo Zheng would not follow in his father's footsteps.
After stepping through the gate of the Luo family, there was a drill ground.
When he left the Luo family, Luo Zheng was forced to fight with his cousin Luo Chengyun on this drill ground to seek a chance to survive.
However, in the end, even though he defeated Luo Chengyun, his third uncle did not keep his promise and let him go!
Just now, the killing at the gate of the Luo family had attracted a lot of attention.
Because of the distance, they did not hear the conversation between Luo Zheng and Huang Ge. They were even less clear that the man and woman in front of them were Luo Zheng and Luo Yan who had been away from home for a long time!
In any case, killing at the gate of the Luo family was an affront to the Luo family.
"Who are you? How dare you kill the housekeeper of the Luo family! " Some people pulled out their swords and blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
"Who are they?" Luo Zheng asked Luo Yushu behind him indifferently.
"These are the hired thugs of Huang Ge. During this time, the Luo family's disciples were dissatisfied with the distribution of the family and often caused trouble, so Huang Ge invited a group of people from outside," Luo Yushu explained.
"Oh." Luo Zheng nodded.
The Flowing Light Longsword overflowed with a bright silver cold light. Wherever the cold light went, a stream of blood sputtered. These people were only in the Flesh Refining Stage and the Bone Refining Stage. In front of Luo Zheng, they simply had no room to resist.
Thump, thump …
One person after another lay in a pool of blood.
Not far away, some of the Luo family's disciples were looking at Luo Zheng in horror. They were thinking that the Luo family was finished. They didn't know who had sent this fiend.
They wanted to escape, but they didn't dare to. His legs felt like they were filled with lead, and he couldn't move at all.
Many disciples of the Luo Clan had the same thought. The Luo Clan was going to be wiped out.
But why was Luo Yushu following behind that couple? Could it be that these two malefic stars were brought in by Luo Yushu?
While these Luo Family disciples were still confused, Luo Yushu said, "Luo Family disciples, don't panic. He is Luo Zheng, our Young Patriarch! No, it's the current Patriarch of our Luo Family! “
"Luo Zheng? “
"Luo Zheng? “
"Luo Zheng! “
Although Luo Zheng's temperament had changed greatly, they could still recognize him as soon as he said his name.
Just like a friend you haven't seen for a long time, before he said his name, you might vaguely remember him, but you couldn't remember who he was. But the moment he said his name, all the memories about him came flooding back!
"It's Luo Zheng!"
"It's the Young Patriarch!"
"No, it's the Patriarch of our Luo Family! He's Luo Xiao's son, the eldest son of our Luo Family! The son inherits the father's business, and he's the Patriarch! “
The Luo Family disciples who were extremely nervous just now had their emotions fluctuating, from extreme fear to extreme joy.
Luo Zheng had returned, and he had such terrifying strength! The Luo Family wasn't going to be wiped out, but they were going to be saved by Luo Zheng!
Although the Luo Family was in ruins now, and Luo Bingquan allowed those outsiders to run amok in the Luo Family, they were all Luo Family disciples, and no one was willing to see their family fall! This was also the reason why they weren't willing to leave the Luo Family. It was because they were born in the Luo Family, grew up in the Luo Family, this was their roots!
Even if their roots rotted away, they still weren't willing to leave. They could only swallow their anger, watch as the Luo Family continued to decay, continue to be ruined, and in the end, it would still be destroyed!
But in this instant, they understood.
Luo Zheng had returned with a ray of hope. The Luo Family might be saved!
Those Luo Family disciples rushed over one after another, throwing themselves at Luo Zheng, tightly surrounding Luo Zheng.
Many Luo Family disciples' eyes were brimming with tears of joy. The emotions they felt at this moment were difficult to describe with words.
"You all … welcome big brother like this, but don't you welcome me at all?" Luo Yan blinked his eyes and said from behind.
"Big brother?" When these Luo Family disciples heard Luo Yan's words, they said, "Ah, you're Luo Yan!"
"Luo Yan also returned!"
"Didn't Luo Peiran say that Luo Yan was imprisoned in Purgatory Mountain?!"
As for what kind of place Purgatory Mountain was, the Luo Family disciples had no idea at all. They only knew that it was an extremely tragic place. All Blue Cloud Sect disciples who violated the sect's rules would be thrown into Purgatory Mountain, suffering endless torment and inhumane treatment!
Luo Yan was the Luo Family's most outstanding genius disciple. It was to the extent that because his talent was too high, he was even accepted by the Blue Cloud Sect as an exception! This was the pride of the Luo Family from top to bottom.
But later on, when they heard that Luo Yan was banished into Purgatory Mountain, there was no news at all. No one knew what happened to Luo Yan!
Now, Luo Yan also returned!
And Luo Yan's strength seemed to be … unfathomable! Just what kind of strength did she have right now? It was as if the aura emitted from her body was countless times stronger than Luo Bingquan's!
Luo Zheng was at Xiantian stage three, and under the situation where his aura was restrained, these Luo Family disciples felt that Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to Luo Bingquan's. Perhaps he was a bit stronger than Luo Bingquan, but not by much. Of course, the Luo Family disciples also felt that it was enough. To surpass the Luo Family's patriarch at such a young age, was it still not enough?
However, Luo Yan was different!
She had already stepped into the Illuminating Spirit Realm! The true essence in her body was even more exquisite, and the aura she emitted was simply unfathomable. Compared to her, Luo Bingquan was a character from a completely different world. They were simply not on the same level.
Therefore, even though Luo Yan's true strength might be comparable to Luo Zheng's, and might even be a bit weaker than Luo Zheng's, the Luo Family disciples believed that Luo Yan's strength was even stronger!
That little girl who ran around Luo Family's courtyard all day long had now become a young lady with terrifying strength. Many Luo Family disciples also felt a wave of emotion in their hearts!
"Continue!"
Luo Zheng held the Flowing Light Sword in his hand and shuttled through the Luo Family's internal roads.
Anyone who dared to resist or show hostility, or who the Luo Family disciples regarded as an enemy, Luo Zheng did not say a word and killed them with a single sword strike!
All the Luo Family disciples who were willing to follow Luo Zheng all followed behind Luo Zheng. Even the Luo Family disciples from the second and third branches were the same.
After all, they were connected by blood and flesh! Even if Luo Zheng intended to use iron-blooded means to get rid of the Luo Family's poison! However, if the other party had a repentant heart, Luo Zheng could forgive them for the time being. As for after the entire Luo Family was reorganized, if they committed other evil deeds, they would be dealt with according to the family rules.
Along the way, more and more Luo Family disciples followed behind Luo Zheng, and the momentum was also getting greater and greater.
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng led the Luo Family disciples to the entrance of the Martial Arts Hall.
Seeing the Martial Arts Hall, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with emotion. In the beginning, he had been punched and beaten here for two years.
At this moment, there were many Luo Family disciples who were training in the Martial Arts Hall.
Their training targets were human targets. Most of the human targets were prisoners on death row that the Luo Family had spent a lot of money to buy. Those prisoners on death row were now on the verge of death.
However, not all of the human targets were prisoners on death row. For example, Luo Dalong, a Luo Family disciple, was now wearing leather armor, handcuffed and shackled. He was being punched and beaten.
Luo Dalong was born with great strength. Although he was a disciple of the Luo Family's side branch, he also had good talent. In the beginning, he beat Luo Zheng in order to cultivate. Later, because Luo Zheng beat Huang Ge, he agreed very much.
He was also a righteous Luo Family disciple.
However, in the current Luo Family, being righteous meant offending more people. The result of offending more people was to be punished by villains, thrown into the dungeon, and become a human target.
At this time, the person who was beating Luo Dalong was also a Luo Family disciple. He was Luo Peihao from the second branch of the Luo Family, Luo Peiran's younger brother. Since Luo Peiran was abolished, the title of Luo Family's young master was taken by him.
Beside Luo Peixin, there was a young man in yellow standing. He heard the young man say: "Little Rat, I see that you are having a good time. Let me have a try, okay? “
Luo Peihao piled a smile on his face and said: "Brother Xing, if you want to have a try, of course you can!"
"But I'm afraid that I will kill this human target. What should I do?" The man called Brother Xing asked.
"What are you afraid of? These human targets are tough. Brother Xing, you just need to attack. Even if you kill them, so what? Hehe! "Luo Peiran said flatteringly.