Luo Dalong and Luo Zheng had the same thoughts.
I violated the family rules and became a slave, a human target. This is my fate.
However, I am a human target for the disciples of the Luo Family to practice. Who are they to touch me? "
Just as Luo Dalong finished speaking, Luo Peihao punched Luo Dalong and said in a deep voice, "Luo Dalong, Brother Xing is giving you face! I will beat you to death if you speak out of turn! " “
Luo Dalong had a bad temper. He gritted his teeth and said angrily, "Luo Peihao, you have disgraced the Luo Family. You are not even as good as your brother Luo Peiran. Luo Peiran knows how to please the aristocrats in the capital. Brother Xing is just a member of the Huang Family in Chongyang County! The Huang Family's previous status was not even worthy of carrying our shoes. How dare you try to please him! Bah! “
"The Huang Family's previous status was not even worthy of carrying your shoes?" Huang Xing's expression also turned cold.
Seeing Huang Xing's gloomy face, Luo Peihao quickly smiled and said, "Brother Xing, don't bother with this brat. I will teach him a lesson!" “
"There's no need for you. I'll fix it myself. I'll let him know that he's not even worthy of carrying his shoes!" After saying that, Huang Xing began to circulate his Zhen Qi and began to gather his aura.
Huang Xing was the young master of the Huang family. In the past two years, the Huang family of Chongyang County had been growing rapidly. No one knew where the master of the Huang family had found a great opportunity and had broken through three levels in a row. Now, he had reached the Xiantian fifth stage.
In Chongyang County, Huang Xing's father's cultivation was the highest!
Under such circumstances, the Huang Family was thriving. The other families could only submit to them and give the Huang Family many benefits in Chongyang County.
A considerable portion of the benefits originally belonged to the Luo Family. In other words, the Huang Family was the one who had taken the most of the Luo Family's assets.
Even under such circumstances, the Luo Clan did not dare to say anything, and Luo Peihao still had to curry favor with Huang Xing. If he did not serve well and angered the Huang Clan, the Luo Clan's fate would be even worse.
It was because of Luo Peihao's fawning that he had a good relationship with Huang Xing. He gave the Luo Family some face and kept some of the Luo Family's assets.
Even so, the Luo Family was still struggling at death's door. The Luo Family's business was still being slowly swallowed up.
From Huang Xing's point of view, the entire Luo Family was just a bunch of trash. Even Luo Peihao, who had been trying to curry favor with him, was also a trash. However, this trash's words were quite pleasant to hear. Huang Xing did not mind Luo Peiran following him.
But at this time, there was actually a human target who dared to look down on the Huang Family?
He must be tired of living.
Not to mention the Luo Clan, which was full of trash, even the big clans in Chongyang County would not dare to even fart in front of him.
As Huang Xing began to accumulate power, the True Qi in his hand became more and more condensed. The power of this punch was obviously very astonishing.
Luo Dalong's expression turned ugly when he sensed the immense power within.
If this punch had landed on his body, he reckoned that it would have directly killed him!
Even so, Luo Dalong still had a stubborn look on his face. He gritted his teeth and did not beg for mercy. Even if he begged for mercy from this kind of person, it would be useless. It would only weaken his own momentum.
Luo Dalong was born with great strength. He wanted to rely on his strong body to withstand this punch. He bent his body slightly and leaned his chest forward. This posture could greatly reduce the power of his opponent's punch!
"Hmph, it's useless. You're just a grasshopper. If I don't kill you with this punch, my surname is not Huang!" Huang Xing's heart was filled with killing intent.
"Five Horses Heart Shattering Fist!" “
Huang Xing threw out a punch. This punch contained the strength of five horses! If it landed on Luo Dalong's body, it would be like five horses ramming into Luo Dalong at the same time.
"Die!" Huang Xing said with a sinister smile on his face.
A trace of sorrow flashed across Luo Dalong's face. He was afraid that he would not be able to withstand this punch …
Just as Huang Xing's fist was about to land on Luo Dalong's body, a brilliant silver light sliced towards Huang Xing!
If Huang Xing did not retract his fist, his arm would be severed by this silver light.
In the face of this sudden attack, Huang Xing could only clench his teeth and retract his fist. He turned over to disperse the power of his punch. His expression was very ugly. "Who dares to sneak attack me?"
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan looked at Huang Xing indifferently. They did not answer Huang Xing's question. It was as if Huang Xing was not qualified for them to talk nonsense.
At this time, Luo Yushu and the other Luo family disciples shouted, "All Luo family disciples, stop cultivating. Pack up and follow us!" “
Luo Peihao sneered. "Luo Yushu, who are you? Who are you to speak here? " “
Luo Yushu was also an insignificant disciple in the Luo family. In Luo Peihao's eyes, he was nothing. Luo Peihao originally thought that his reprimand would be very effective.
Who knew that after Luo Peihao reprimanded him, Luo Yushu immediately retorted. "Luo Peihao, right? Who do you think you are? " “
"You!" Luo Peihao was stunned. At the same time, he felt a little strange. Did Luo Yushu take the wrong medicine? Why did he suddenly become so fierce? He dared to talk back to him. Wasn't he looking for death? Or did Luo Yushu have something to rely on?
Suddenly, the corner of his eyes twitched. Only now did he notice that many Luo family disciples had gathered together. Moreover, these Luo family disciples were led by a man and a woman. "Are you trying to rebel? Aren't you afraid of violating the family rules and locking you all in the dungeon as human targets? "
Luo Yushu and the others heard this and immediately laughed. "Rebel? Haha! The current head of the Luo family is here. Luo Peihao, you are the one who is rebelling! "
"The current head of the family?" Luo Peihao looked at Luo Zheng and sneered. "You think an outsider is the head of the family just because he asked for help? Hahaha, I'm dying of laughter! Childish! When my father comes, all of you will die! " “
"Him? He is not an outsider. "Luo Yushu shook his head." He is our head of the family, Luo Zheng! " “
"Luo Zheng!" “
The Luo family disciples in the martial arts hall originally did not know what was going on. Hearing Luo Yushu's words, they were somewhat confused. After all, no matter how chaotic the Luo family was, it was not the turn of an outsider to become the head of the family …
But this person was not an outsider. It was actually Luo Zheng!
After hearing the name, almost everyone recognized it almost immediately. They finally understood why so many Luo family disciples followed behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Peihao was stunned. Luo Zheng? This guy is back?
Luo Dalong's face revealed a look of shock. Was that really Luo Zheng?
In fact, Luo Dalong had once wondered if Luo Zheng was still alive. After all, at that time, everyone only saw Luo Zheng being taken away naked. They did not see Luo Zheng die with their own eyes.
Although he had once chosen Luo Zheng as a human target, he still admired Luo Zheng very much and admired his backbone.
Unfortunately, in an environment like the Luo family's, the Luo family disciples with backbone often died very miserably. Luo Dalong himself was a living example!
"Luo Zheng … you're back …" At this moment, the eight-foot tall man's nose twitched and his eyes turned red.
Luo Zheng slowly walked in front of Luo Dalong while everyone was stunned. "Luo Dalong, long time no see. Why did you become a human target? “
"This, it's a long story," Luo Dalong sighed.
"Then we'll talk about it later. But just now, I think I saw someone who wanted to kill you?" As Luo Zheng spoke, he looked at Huang Xing who was not far away and said indifferently, "Is it this guy?" “
Huang Xing was originally unable to restrain his anger. Because of Luo Zheng's sneak attack, his arm was almost cut off. Now this guy seemed to want to find trouble with him? Did he not know who he was? Did he want to die?
"So what if it's me?" Huang Xing sneered. "Do you know who I am?" “
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I don't know …" The sword in his hand slightly tilted and slowly shook.
"I am …"
"Puchi!"
Before Huang Xing could finish his words, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had already shaken out a brilliant silver flower and cut open Huang Xing's neck.
"Yes … yes …" Huang Xing's eyes widened. He found that he could not continue speaking. His eyes were full of unwillingness.
Why didn't you let me finish speaking?
If you knew my identity, you definitely wouldn't dare to kill me!
I died unjustly. My father will avenge me.