When he first saw Luo Zheng, Luo Peihao was still immersed in a huge shock and did not react.
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, why did this guy come back?
But the next scene made him even more shocked. He actually killed Huang Xing with a single sword strike?
Huang Xing died just like that?
Was this Luo Zheng crazy?
Huang Xing was the young lord of the Huang family! He was killed just like that, how could the Huang family let this go? If Huang Xing died here, it would bring disaster to the Luo family!
"Luo … Luo Zheng … Do you know who he is?" Luo Peihao's voice trembled as he spoke.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "Didn't I tell you? I am not interested. "
"I don't care if you are interested or not, this Huang Xing is the young lord of the Huang family. Do you know the Huang family? Now, the most powerful family in Chongyang County, the head of the Huang family is a master of Xiantian fifth stage. If Huang Xing dies here, our Luo family will be exterminated! "Luo Peihao roared.
Hearing Luo Peihao's words, many disciples showed a worried look.
A master of Xiantian fifth stage was considered an absolute master in Chongyang County.
Did Luo Zheng have the capital to fight against the Huang family?
"You can shut up, otherwise, you will also die." Luo Zheng glanced at Luo Peihao.
Just a glance from Luo Zheng made Luo Peihao feel as if he was being stared at by a poisonous snake. His whole body trembled, but he still clenched his teeth and said: "You, you dare to kill me, my father … my father will not let you go. “
"If I don't kill you, will Luo Bingquan let me go?" Luo Zheng sneered.
"You are right, this time you came back, you are courting death!" Luo Peihao said. Thinking of his father, his heart suddenly calmed down. Luo Bingquan's strength had made great progress, he had broken through the barrier of the Refining Marrow stage and had reached the Xiantian third stage!
"Courting death?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He glanced at a pavilion next to the Martial Arts Practice Field. Then, he stepped on the wall of the Martial Arts Practice Field and jumped up like an agile cat. He climbed to the top of the pavilion in a few moves.
From here, he could overlook the layers of pavilions of the Luo family.
After so many years of management, the courtyard and pavilions of the Luo family were very exquisite and the design of the Su style garden was very exquisite.
"Although these houses are not worth mentioning in the eyes of the Imperial capital's aristocrats, they were managed by our ancestors. and I will never allow these things to be destroyed in the hands of Luo Bingquan.." Luo Zheng secretly thought in his heart.
Then, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and shouted, "Disciples of the Luo Family, listen to my order! I, Luo Zheng is! The Luo Family's disciples, elders, regardless of whether they were from the side branch or the main branch, as long as they had the surname Luo, they were to gather at the Martial Arts Practice Field! Also, Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi, you two bastards, come out obediently and die! “
Luo Zheng's voice was very loud and resonant. Because he used Zhen Yuan, his voice could travel a long distance. Moreover, the penetration was extremely strong. Even people in the depths of the basement could hear him clearly, as if his voice was ringing in their ears. “
"Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng?" “
"Luo Zheng is back?"
When the disciples scattered all over the Luo Family heard this voice, they immediately felt excited.
Although they didn't know what happened and why Luo Zheng could come back, since Luo Zheng dared to appear in the Luo family, this already explained a lot of things.
At least, Luo Zheng was not afraid of Luo Bingquan.
In a pavilion near the water, Luo Peiran sat in a wheelchair and looked at the blue waves in the small pond expressionlessly.
Although the scenery in the small pond was very beautiful, Luo Peiran was not in the mood …
If a martial artist was crippled, it would be like an ordinary person having their arms and legs broken. Their life's pursuit, their conviction as a powerful expert, would already vanish like smoke in thin air.
Ever since the battle of Purgatory Mountain, when Luo Peiran was crippled by Luo Zheng, he completely lost his value in front of the Wang Family.
In reality, a noble family like Wang Family wasn't something a commoner like Luo Peiran could climb up to. Luo Peiran might be considered a figure in Chongyang County, but in Burning Heaven Imperial City, he was nothing. He was just a commoner in the normal sense.
The reason why Wang Hengzhi could get along well with Luo Peiran was completely because of Luo Yan. It was because back then, in the Blue Cloud Sect, he was the only one who had a trace of blood relationship with Luo Yan.
However, Luo Zheng's appearance in Purgatory Mountain made both Wang Hengzhi and Wang Yanmiao understand that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's older brother.
It could be said that even if Luo Zheng didn't cripple Luo Peiran that day in Purgatory Mountain, the Wang Family would still definitely abandon Luo Peiran, because Luo Peiran already lost his value.
That was why when he was carried away that day, the Wang Family only found a few people to bring him back to Chongyang County, to the extent where they directly threw his crippled self at the entrance of Chongyang County …
During this period of time when he returned home, he didn't have a single moment of happiness. His heart was still filled with deep worry.
What if one day, Luo Zheng slaughtered his way back?
According to Luo Peiran's judgment, this time frame might be three years, or it might be five years. As long as Luo Zheng didn't die unexpectedly, Luo Zheng would return sooner or later.
Meanwhile, when Luo Zheng returned, it wouldn't only be Luo Peiran's unlucky day, at that time, his father Luo Bingquan and his second uncle Luo Junyi would also suffer.
However …
Luo Peiran didn't expect this day to come so quickly.
Luo Zheng's calm voice was like thunder from a clear sky, exploding by his ears. His originally pale face immediately became deathly gray.
"Why is it so fast?" Luo Peiran murmured.
Unfortunately, no one answered his question. Only two kingfishers nimbly flew across the small pond, leaving behind circles of ripples that slowly spread on the surface of the water.
In the deepest hall of the Luo Family, Luo Bingquan was cultivating with his eyes closed.
Unlike the Luo Family's disciples, he was very clear about Luo Zheng's various movements through Luo Peiran's mouth. He was also very worried about the things that Luo Peiran was worried about.
However, although Luo Bingquan knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't know about Luo Zheng's progress since then. Moreover, the All-Peak Great Competition had just ended, so he also didn't know about it.
"He only left for a year, and he's already back?" Luo Bingquan murmured.
Ever since he learned that Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Bingquan also had a deep sense of crisis. Under the pressure of this sense of crisis, he cultivated day and night, and unexpectedly broke through the bottleneck and reached the Xiantian stage three realm!
For Luo Bingquan, who was over fifty years old, this was a miracle.
"In just one year, even if your talent is outstanding, so what? You're making progress, and I'm also making progress. Now I've reached the Xiantian stage three realm … If you can stay calm and cultivate in the Blue Cloud Sect for ten years, I may be afraid of you. But in just one year, are you sure you're my opponent? Even if you're my opponent, are you sure you're that person's opponent? " Luo Bingquan looked out from the window of the hall and said coldly.
"Creak —"
The wooden door of the hall was pushed open.
"Second Brother! Luo Zheng is back! "Luo Junyi's face showed a panicked look.
Luo Bingquan coldly glared at Luo Junyi, "Don't I have ears? How can I not hear such a loud voice? "
"What should we do?" Luo Junyi asked directly.
"What should we do? What else can we do? Now that things have come to this, besides fighting to the death, what other choice do we have? Let that person out. We've helped him so much, and now, it's time for him to repay us! " Luo Bingquan immediately stood up and looked towards the direction of Luo Zheng's voice. He stretched out his hand and Zhen Yuan rolled out.
The thirteen swords hanging on the wall suddenly came out of their sheaths and floated behind him.
Then, he rushed towards the direction of the Practice Hall.
Looking at Luo Bingquan's distant figure, Luo Junyi clenched his teeth and ran in the opposite direction.
There was also a cellar of the Luo family, but this cellar was very special. Except for Luo Junyi and Luo Bingquan, no one else knew about it.
Luo Junyi got into the deep cellar and opened the two locks with a key. The moment he opened the door, a strong smell of blood came from the cellar.
"Who is it?" A hoarse voice came from the cellar.
"I'm Luo Junyi," Luo Junyi said.
"You're looking for me because of that kid, right?" The hoarse voice laughed. Luo Zheng's voice contained Zhen Yuan and had a strong penetrating power. Even in such a deep cellar, that person could hear it clearly.
That person naturally heard it. Luo Zheng called Luo Junyi and Luo Bingquan "dog thieves", so he must have a great hatred for them.
"Yes, Senior Blood Prisoner, please help us!" Luo Junyi said in a low voice.
"Hahaha, that kid's voice is full of energy. You came to me because you can't deal with that kid. That kid's strength must be very strong. Do you think I'm stupid?" The Blood Prisoner laughed.
"Senior Blood Prisoner, we have provided you with a lot of flesh and blood these days, at least let you eat more than a dozen living people … If we can't beat that kid, I'm afraid no one will help you collect flesh and blood in the future. Moreover, Luo Zheng will find your existence, if you are exposed …" Luo Junyi said.
"Threatening me? Hmph, I can help you once, but the price is to find 100 living people for me to eat within a month! "The Blood Prisoner said again.
"100 living people …" Luo Junyi's face showed hesitation. Although there were many people in Chongyang County, if 100 living people disappeared for no reason, it would definitely attract some people's attention. For the Luo family, it was still a little troublesome.
"If you can't do it, then forget it. At worst, I'll change to another place!" The Blood Prisoner said coldly.
"I'm willing, I'm willing. Senior Blood Prisoner, I'll do as you say!" Luo Junyi nodded and bowed.
"Hahaha, good! This kid's flesh and blood, I want it! " After the Blood Prisoner finished speaking, he walked out of the cellar. The moment he walked out, a strong smell of blood surged.
＝＝＝＝＝