The senior Blood Prisoner that Luo Junyi spoke of was originally active in Chongyang County, Shangwu County, Yunshan County, and several other counties.
Because he cultivated demonic arts, Blood Prisoner had to eat the flesh of living people every day. In the past few years, the number of missing people in Chongyang County and several other counties had increased greatly.
At first, these missing people did not arouse any suspicion. It was not until someone accidentally broke into his cave and discovered layers of human bones that the truth was revealed.
This matter was quickly reported to the higher levels. The Fengwang Dynasty quickly sent experts to capture Blood Prisoner. At the same time, the Blue Cloud Sect also issued a bounty mission. After receiving the mission, the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect all rushed over.
Although Blood Prisoner's demonic arts were powerful, he could not withstand the encirclement of so many experts. In the end, he was seriously injured and fled.
At this time, Luo Peiran was sent back to the Luo Family after being crippled. At the same time, Luo Bingquan also learned that Luo Zheng was still alive and his strength had increased rapidly. He had entered the Blue Cloud Sect.
After learning that Luo Zheng was not dead and had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Bingquan fell seriously ill. He and Luo Zheng were destined to have a life and death feud. The Blue Cloud Sect was a martial arts holy land. Luo Zheng's talent was not inferior to Luo Peiran's. What if after five or ten years, Luo Zheng's cultivation had improved and he killed his way back to the Luo Family?
One could imagine the pressure Luo Bingquan was under. Every time he thought of Luo Zheng, this hidden danger, he could not sleep at night.
However, it was under this pressure that Luo Bingquan made two or three breakthroughs after recovering from his illness! Not only did he break through the xiantian stage, but he also reached the xiantian stage three.
Generally speaking, when a martial artist reached a certain age, their bones would solidify and it would be difficult for them to make any big breakthroughs. The reason Luo Bingquan could reach this stage was all thanks to Luo Zheng's pressure.
Even though he had reached the xiantian stage three, Luo Bingquan still did not dare to let his guard down. The Blue Cloud Sect was too powerful. Luo Peiran had entered the Blue Cloud Sect with only a little help from the landowning Wang Family, and his strength had improved by leaps and bounds.
If Luo Zheng was given enough time to grow, he would still be no match for him.
It was at this moment that Luo Bingquan encountered the blood prisoners who were being chased everywhere.
There was no doubt about the strength of the blood prisoner, but he was seriously injured and had to hide here and there. In the end, he hid in the cellar of the Luo family.
Because the blood prisoner was very powerful, Luo Bingquan didn't realize that the blood prisoner was hiding in the Luo family at first. However, after six or seven people disappeared in a row, Luo Bingquan realized that something was wrong. Now, the news of the blood prisoner being encircled and annihilated was spreading like wildfire outside. With Luo Bingquan's wisdom, he quickly deduced that the blood prisoner was hiding in the Luo family.
Not only did he not alert the enemy, but he also concealed the matter of the missing people. In the entire Luo family, only he and Luo Junyi knew about this matter!
Not only did Luo Junyi not report the blood prisoner, but he even found the blood prisoner in the Luo family and offered to help him hide. He even offered to provide living people for the blood prisoner to feed on!
As for the other servants and children who suspected the missing people of the Luo family, Luo Junyi personally gave them to the blood prisoner and they were swallowed by the blood prisoner.
After that, Luo Bingquan would catch one or two living people every once in a while and throw them into the cellar where the blood prisoner was. He would let the blood prisoner eat them and help him recover his strength.
At first, Luo Bingquan threw those death row prisoners who were used as "meat targets". Later, there weren't enough meat targets, so Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi had to go outside to catch people.
This was also why Luo Dalong was also caught and used as a meat target. It was because the Luo family didn't have enough meat targets …
The biggest reason why Luo Junyi did this was naturally because of Luo Zheng. In his opinion, Luo Zheng would come back sooner or later, and the blood prisoner's strength was enough to deal with Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Junyi didn't expect that Luo Zheng would come back so quickly. It had only been a year since he left the Luo family. Even if Luo Zheng made rapid progress, so what?
With Luo Bingquan's current strength, he was afraid that he could defeat Luo Zheng!
However, just in case, Luo Bingquan still let Luo Junyi inform the blood prisoner. Although the blood prisoner's injuries had not completely healed and his strength had only recovered about 70%, which was far from the blood prisoner in his heyday. After all, with Luo Junyi's means, other than being able to get some living people, he couldn't take out any magical pills.
However, it was certainly enough to deal with Luo Zheng.
After Luo Bingquan walked out of the hall, he constantly jumped on the eaves of the Luo family, like a dragonfly skimming the water, and rushed to the Drill Hall at a very fast speed.
As soon as he arrived at the Drill Hall, he saw that the children of the Luo family were constantly gathering around Luo Zheng. Most of them were the children of the third, fourth, and fifth branches. Among them, there were also many children of the second and third branches.
The person standing in the center was Luo Zheng. He wore a green robe and held a treasured sword that emitted a cold light.
"Luo Zheng! You betrayed the Luo family, how dare you come back! " Luo Bingquan shouted in a condescending voice. The thirteen swords suddenly unfolded, and purple True Essence wrapped around the thirteen swords, flashing purple light.
"The Luo family is my home, why wouldn't I dare to come back?" Luo Zheng raised his head, without the slightest fear on his face.
Because of the long-term oppression, many children of the Luo family stood beside Luo Zheng at this time, recognizing Luo Zheng as the new head of the family. However, in the face of Luo Bingquan's power, they were very nervous!
After all, Luo Bingquan was the head of the Luo family and had accumulated power for a long time. Although many children were very confident in Luo Zheng's strength, if Luo Zheng was really defeated by Luo Bingquan, then their end could be imagined.
Therefore, many children moved to the side under Luo Bingquan's pressure … At least, if Luo Zheng was defeated, they could choose a slightly neutral position!
But at this time, Luo Yushu suddenly shouted, "Luo Zheng is our new head of the family, why can't he come back!" “
Luo Dalong saw this and shouted at the same time, "That's right, Luo Zheng is Luo Xiao's son, the son inheriting the father's business is right and proper, why can't he come back? On the contrary, you, Luo Bingquan, have gone against the tide and ruined the family business! You are the traitor who betrayed the Luo family! " “
Under the instigation of Luo Yushu and Luo Dalong, the crowd kept shouting. Those who were slightly hesitant and wanted to remain neutral were infected by the atmosphere and also shouted together.
These years, Luo Bingquan had allowed Huang Ge and a group of outsiders to mess around in the family, and the distribution of resources was extremely unfair, so he had lost the support of the people.
Seeing the Luo family's children so bold, Luo Bingquan coldly said, "You all want to betray the Luo family?"
"Not betray the Luo family! Betray you, Luo Bingquan! The Luo family doesn't belong to you alone, it belongs to everyone! But you, Luo Bingquan, think it belongs to you alone! "Luo Yushu shouted again.
"Courting death!" Killing intent flashed in Luo Bingquan's eyes, and one of the thirteen swords immediately shot towards Luo Yushu.
Seeing Luo Bingquan's action, everyone's heart trembled. None of them could resist Luo Bingquan.
The sword's momentum was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, it arrived in front of Luo Yushu. At this time, a cold light suddenly flashed in front of Luo Yushu.
"Ping Ping …"
With two crisp sounds, the sword had broken into two pieces.
Luo Zheng gently waved the Flowing Light Sword in his hand, looked up at Luo Bingquan indifferently and said, "This is your attitude towards the Luo family. In your eyes, the Luo family's people can only be slaughtered by you. If you want to kill them, you can kill them. What's the difference between the Luo family's children and pigs?"
"Yes, just because of a disagreement, you want to kill me. Do you really think I'm the Luo family's child? Luo Bingquan, do you really think I have the same surname as you, and that we are related by blood? " Luo Yushu also said coldly. Now, Luo Yushu had nothing to lose. He could only blindly trust Luo Zheng and trust Luo Zheng's strength!
The result proved that he didn't trust the wrong person. Luo Zheng could indeed protect him without any harm!
In this case, Luo Yushu naturally didn't have any scruples. He, a junior, actually dared to reprimand Luo Bingquan to his face!
Luo Bingquan didn't make a sound, but stared at the sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
His thirteen swords were all mid-grade Xuan weapons! In order to gather these thirteen mid-grade Xuan weapons, Luo Bingquan had spent a lot of effort.
But just now, the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand flashed twice, and cut one of his mid-grade Xuan weapons into two pieces.
Just like cutting melons and vegetables …
What kind of sword was that? A high-grade Xuan weapon? Or a low-grade Xuan weapon? Or a mid-grade Xuan weapon?
Luo Bingquan never dreamed that Luo Zheng's sword was actually an Immortal weapon!