In Chong Yang County, even low-grade spiritual weapons were rare.
In the past, Luo Xiao's high-grade profound weapon was enough to dominate the entire Chong Yang County, attracting the envy of countless people.
However, times have changed. After several large mines were discovered in Chong Yang County, the warriors slowly became wealthy. Now, there were several spiritual weapons in Chong Yang County.
Among them, the Patriarch of the Huang Family, who developed the fastest, even had a mid-grade spiritual weapon!
Therefore, Luo Bingquan's scope was limited to spiritual weapons. As for immortal weapons, they were completely legendary existences to him!
Just as Luo Bingquan was staring blankly at Luo Zheng's treasured sword, Luo Zheng coldly said, "Luo Bingquan, did you hear that? This is your position in the hearts of the younger generation in the family. As the Patriarch, you are too much of a failure! "
Luo Bingquan smiled slightly, and the remaining twelve swords behind him suddenly trembled, "You say I'm a failure, and I'm a failure? It's just some younger generation in the family making a ruckus. It's just a small game. You want to push me down from the position of Patriarch? Which elder will support you? "
Who knew that just as Luo Bingquan finished speaking, three middle-aged men walked into the Martial Arts Hall, followed by more than a dozen Luo Family disciples.
"We support Luo Zheng," said the leader of the middle-aged men.
"Second Brother, you've gone too far these years …" said another middle-aged man.
These three middle-aged men were Luo Zheng's Third Uncle, Fourth Uncle, and Fifth Uncle.
After hearing Luo Zheng's shout, they hurriedly brought the Luo family's disciples and rushed over.
"Luo Zhuoyun, Luo Hanqin, Luo Zhiyao! The three of you also want to rebel against the Luo Family? "Luo Bingquan's expression became even more gloomy, as if water could drip from his face.
If these three people stood up, it would not be the younger generation making a ruckus. The three of them were the leaders of the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Branches. As long as they gave the order, all the disciples of their branches would follow them!
"Second Brother, we're not rebelling against the Luo Family, we're rebelling against you," said Luo Zhuoyun.
In fact, the three of them were already very dissatisfied with Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi's actions, but there was no one in charge of the Luo Family! No one took the initiative to step forward!
In the end, it was still because of the lack of strength. Whoever stood out first would probably be instantly killed by Luo Bingquan!
Therefore, they needed an opportunity!
Now, their opportunity had come, and that person was Luo Zheng. Therefore, the three of them chose to stand behind Luo Zheng!
Hearing Luo Zhuoyun's words, Luo Bingquan sighed. Then he sneered and said, "Fine, fine. Everyone kicks a man who is down. But let me tell you, you … will definitely regret it."
At this moment, the sound of a walking stick hitting the ground could be heard from the entrance of the Martial Arts Hall.
"Duk duk duk …"
An old man with a head full of white hair, supported by two servants, slowly moved in with a walking stick. This old man was already very old and had a doddering appearance.
With great difficulty, he finally walked to the entrance of the Martial Arts Hall. After taking a breath, he said with a hoarse voice, "Luo Bingquan, we … will not regret it!"
This old man was one of the elders of the Luo Family. He was Luo Xiao's grandfather and Luo Zheng's great-grandfather, Luo Jin!
"Third Master is here!"
"Great-grandfather is here, too. Wasn't he unable to walk?"
"Great-grandfather also supports Luo Zheng! Today, all of us must work together to bring down Luo Bingquan! "
The disciples of the Luo Family discussed animatedly.
Because Luo Jin was too old, he rarely appeared in public. However, he was the oldest person in the Luo Family and had the highest seniority.
Although he was so old that he could barely walk, no one dared to ignore his words!
After all, in the family, it was not only strength that mattered, but also seniority.
"Third Master, you …" Luo Bingquan was speechless.
Even the Third Master, who sold half of his soil, came to join in the fun. Is there no one in the Luo Family who supports me?
You just took the opportunity to stir up trouble because Luo Zheng came back. Humph, I will chop Luo Zheng into pieces later. I wonder what you will say then.
Thinking of this, Luo Bingquan's hatred for Luo Zheng deepened.
Luo Zheng walked through the crowd and came to Luo Jin's side. He bowed to Luo Jin and shouted, "Great-grandfather."
Luo Jin stretched out his trembling hand and said in a hoarse voice, "Zheng 'er, the Luo Family is at the end of its road. It's all that bastard's fault. The Luo Family is sorry for you, sorry for your father … Now, the only one who can save the Luo Family is you!"
Luo Zheng nodded, "Great-grandfather, I understand. That's why I came back!"
Luo Zheng didn't come back to the Luo Family to get any benefits!
Just the Flowing Light Sword in Luo Zheng's hand was worth less than one-tenth of the Flowing Light Sword, even if all the properties of the Luo Family were sold.
However, the Luo Family was his root. It was the place where he was born and grew up. The Luo Family members here had the same bloodline as him!
After saying this, Luo Zheng jumped up onto the roof. He stared at Luo Bingquan coldly, "Luo Bingquan, did you hear that? What does it mean to be popular? What does it mean to be orthodox? What does it mean to be popular? "
"I, Luo Zheng, am the eldest son of the eldest branch. This is called being orthodox! This is what people expect! This is what people expect! "
"You, Luo Bingquan, murdered your elder brother and usurped the position of the head of the family. You are a perverse person, and you let the little ones in the family do evil things! You are not kicking a man when he is down, because you don't deserve to be the wall of the Luo Family! You are doomed to destruction for doing evil! "
Luo Zheng's words were harsh. Every word was like a heavy hammer, hitting Luo Bingquan's heart heavily.
With Luo Zheng's strength, there was no need for him to talk nonsense with Luo Bingquan. He could just kill him directly. However, Luo Zheng didn't plan to do that.
Luo Zheng hated this man. He hated him for murdering his father. He hated him for squandering countless properties of the Luo Family just to satisfy his own selfish desires. He hated him for locking him in the cellar and treating him inhumanely!
This kind of hatred was not something that could be erased by just killing him with a sword!
Luo Zheng's words hit Luo Bingquan's heart. When Luo Bingquan's face paled to a certain degree, his body suddenly shook. Then, he suddenly coughed up a mouthful of blood!
"Luo Bingquan vomited blood!"
"Luo Zheng's words actually made him vomit blood! What's going on? "
"Is he afraid of Luo Zheng? Or is it because Luo Zheng's words hit his vitals? "
Many of the Luo Family's disciples showed a puzzled expression.
Luo Yan, who was at the back of the crowd, looked at Luo Bingquan indifferently. The Luo Family's disciples were making a fuss about nothing, but in Luo Yan's eyes, it was a normal thing.
Everyone has their own heart of martial arts. This heart of martial arts contains one's beliefs, good and evil, and also one's worldview.
The heart of martial arts is actually a kind of belief. However, it contains the word "heart". This shows that the heart of martial arts is very fragile. It needs to be constantly stabilized in order to make one's heart of martial arts strong.
Some martial artists would provoke each other as soon as the fight started. They would even use some means to attack the opponent. They would open their mouth to point out the opponent's weakness, or deliberately look down on the opponent's strength, all in order to attack the opponent's heart of martial arts! If the heart of martial arts was shaken, or if a flaw appeared, the opponent could take advantage of it and use it to defeat oneself.
Luo Bingquan suddenly saw Luo Zheng come forward. When he sighed and said that he was "a wall that everyone kicks when it is down", a flaw appeared in Luo Bingquan's heart of martial arts.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped up. Every word he said was reasonable, and every word hit the heart! Almost instantly, Luo Bingquan's heart of martial arts was broken, causing Luo Bingquan's heart of martial arts to shake violently.
Luo Bingquan's anger attacked his heart. Naturally, his body was injured, and he vomited blood!
"You vomited blood because you still have a trace of humanity left in you! You still have a trace of guilt! But … "Luo Zheng shook his head," It's too late. You have already dragged the Luo family into the abyss. Although I will clean up the mess you have made, the price is to end your life! "
"Hahahahaha …"
At this time, Luo Bingquan suddenly laughed. There was madness in his laughter. This laughter lasted for a while before it stopped.
"You're right. Even if it's as you say, and I'm a sinner, so what? End my life? Do you have the ability? If you die, who in the Luo family dares to disobey me? In the end, in this world, strength is respected! " Luo Bingquan went berserk. With a ferocious face, he said, "If I kill Luo Zheng, you, you, and you! You old bastard Luo Jin! Luo Zhuoyun? Luo Hanqin … you still dare to disobey me? You still dare to talk nonsense? "
After he finished speaking, Luo Bingquan spat out a wisp of blood essence from his mouth. A strong Evil Blood Qi escaped, and the dark purple True Essence attached to the swords turned blood red!
Every sword exuded a strong smell of blood, as if these swords had slaughtered thousands of creatures!