Many disciples of the Luo Family felt the smell of blood from Luo Bingquan's body and their expressions changed.
"What a strong smell of blood! This is not our Luo Family's cultivation method! "
"Isn't Luo Bingquan practicing 'Red Sandalwood Fist'? Why did he suddenly change his style? "
"This seems to be … Blood Demon Force!" This is not the cultivation method of the demon Blood Prisoner. Why would Luo Bingquan practice this evil cultivation method? "
Luo Hanqin and the others' expressions all changed!
Previously, in order to hunt down the Blood Prisoner, the Chongyang County government had issued a detailed notice. The notice described the Blood Prisoner's appearance, temperament, and even the cultivation method used by the Blood Prisoner.
The smell of blood from Luo Bingquan's body was almost exactly the same as the Blood Demon Force described in the official notice! However, Luo Hanqin could not be sure. It was just a guess! After all, the written description had certain limitations and Luo Hanqin and the others had never seen the Blood Prisoner.
However, one thing was certain. Luo Bingquan's cultivation method was definitely not a proper cultivation method!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Bingquan activated the twelve swords behind him and drew twelve trajectories in the air!
In the eyes of many disciples of the Luo Family, these flying swords were like the scythe of the Grim Reaper. Each sword could easily reap their lives.
As the swords danced in the air, the smell of blood became even stronger. It was as if there were demons flying in the sky.
Many disciples of the Luo Family were secretly worried. Could Luo Zheng block these swords? Although he was imposing, could he be a match for Luo Bingquan?
Luo Zheng wanted to save the Luo Family from the abyss and stabilize the shaky foundation of the Luo Family. The most important step was to defeat Luo Bingquan!
If Luo Zheng was defeated, then everything he said would be just empty talk. Moreover, the disciples who supported Luo Zheng now would probably end up very miserable! With Luo Bingquan's character, all the disciples in the Drill Hall today would probably be punished!
Could Luo Zheng do it?
At that time, when Luo Zheng wanted to escape from the Luo Family, he was forced back by Luo Bingquan's flying swords. Each flying sword forced Luo Zheng to take a step back. At that time, Luo Zheng did not even dare to touch the sword's edge.
However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, although the blood-red true essence attached to these treasured swords was thick with the smell of blood, the true essence was extremely impure. This was a sign that a martial artist's foundation was unstable!
In the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, the Zhen Yuan of any minor aristocratic family's branch disciple was much purer than Luo Bingquan's Zhen Yuan.
In the eyes of the Luo Clan's disciples, those swords were like venomous snakes, but in the eyes of Luo Zheng, they were just insignificant insects!
Seeing the twelve swords spread out and encircle him from twelve different directions, Luo Zheng only revealed a cold smile on his face. He lightly jumped down from the roof, stepped on the courtyard wall, and madly rushed toward Luo Bingquan.
One after another, the treasured swords continuously shot toward Luo Zheng, blocking Luo Zheng's advance.
However, Luo Zheng was like an agile monkey. Every time those treasured swords stabbed toward Luo Zheng, they would always be a few inches away from Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng would always be able to dodge these treasured swords with extremely small movements.
This scene caused the majority of the Luo Clan's disciples to tremble with fear! After all, in their eyes, as long as Luo Zheng took a single wrong step, twelve holes would instantly appear on his body.
However, the slightly stronger elders of the Luo Clan were able to see the strength of Luo Zheng's movement technique. Luo Zheng simply didn't put these twelve sharp swords in his eyes. He waited until these swords came within a foot of him before he began to dodge.
Only those who had absolute confidence in their own speed and movement technique would dare to do so. Luo Zheng … was actually so strong?
After passing through the courtyard wall without mishap, Luo Zheng jumped onto a small platform. Before Luo Zheng's feet touched the ground, he heard Luo Bingquan's sneer.
"Luo Zheng, do you really think you can avoid my swords? I already knew that you would step onto this platform. Let's see how you'll dodge this time! "
As soon as Luo Bingquan's voice fell, the twelve flying swords suddenly shot toward the platform. At this moment, Luo Zheng was in the air and simply couldn't dodge.
"Die for me!" A mocking expression appeared on Luo Bingquan's face. This kid was still too inexperienced. If he had cultivated in the Blue Cloud Sect for eight to ten years, he was afraid that he wouldn't be Luo Zheng's opponent.
But now, although Luo Zheng had made a breakthrough, he had also made a breakthrough. Moreover, the blood prisoner had also passed on the 《Evil Blood Force》 to him, allowing his strength to make great progress!
Luo Zheng, you're not my opponent!
"Ah, oh no, you can't jump there!" A Luo Family disciple screamed.
"Luo Bingquan is so insidious. From the beginning, he planned to set up an inescapable net on that small platform. The initial attack was probably just a feint!"
At this moment, some Luo Family disciples closed their eyes and didn't dare to watch. The next scene had already formed in their minds. Luo Zheng's body would inevitably have twelve bloody holes!
Even some of the Luo Family elders with better eyesight had a somewhat ugly expression at this moment. They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would easily fall into Luo Bingquan's trap.
Even Luo Dalong and Luo Yushu clenched their fists tightly, hoping for a miracle to happen. But the probability of this miracle happening was too small!
Standing behind the crowd, Luo Yan couldn't help but shake his head and sigh softly. With his brother's tyrannical and abnormal body, even if these swords directly stabbed him, he was afraid that they wouldn't be able to leave a scar.
He didn't know what Luo Bingquan's expression would be after seeing this scene. His brother was going to kill him.
Luo Bingquan's face revealed an excited expression. In order to make Luo Zheng's death more miserable, he even tried to stimulate the True Essence in his body to increase the power of the flying swords by fifty percent! This kind of flying sword could not only pierce Luo Zheng's body, but also penetrate through his body, forming twenty-four bloody holes.
However, the moment those flying swords stabbed Luo Zheng, the excited expression on Luo Bingquan's face suddenly froze and was replaced by a face full of doubt. For a moment, he seemed to wonder if there was something wrong with his eyes.
Why … why wasn't Luo Zheng pierced by his flying swords?
It seemed that the moment it came into contact with Luo Zheng, it was bounced off by his body?
How could this be?
If it was bounced off by Luo Zheng's True Essence Shield, there was still a slight possibility. But the flying swords were clearly aimed at Luo Zheng's body.
How could a person's body be so tyrannical?
Impossible!
These were flying swords driven by "Blood Evil Force"!
Although "Blood Evil Force" was an Earth-class technique, "Blood Evil Force" walked the Dao of Slaughter. Cultivating it was twice the result with half the effort, and its power was far superior to other techniques of the same level. It was comparable to a Heaven-class technique!
Many of the Luo Family's disciples were dumbfounded when they saw this scene.
In theory, the stronger Luo Zheng's performance, the better it would be. The problem was that Luo Zheng's current performance suddenly exceeded their imagination.
In the eyes of the Luo Family's disciples, Luo Bingquan was a supreme existence. He had the power to decide the life and death of the entire Luo Family. It was not because of anything else, but because he was strong enough to kill anyone in the Luo Family in a second.
Who dared to refuse?
One word: death.
But …
But in the face of Luo Bingquan's all-out attack, Luo Zheng blocked it with his body.
The twelve flying swords couldn't even break Luo Zheng's skin and were directly bounced off.
"This must be the legendary invulnerability … …" A Luo Family's disciple murmured.
Luo Jin's old eyes were blurred, but when he saw this scene, two lines of turbid tears rolled down from the corners of his eyes. He sighed with a hoarse voice and said: "Heaven has eyes, Luo Xiao, you can die in peace. You have a successor!"
Luo Zheng looked at the dumbfounded Luo Bingquan and said coldly: "You tell me, how can I dodge? I don't want to dodge at all. Although we are both at Xiantian third stage, but I'm afraid you can't imagine the gap between us! "
After saying this, Luo Zheng once again shot up from the small platform and rushed towards Luo Bingquan.
Luo Bingquan was not stupid!
He had been preparing his strongest attack for a long time, but it had no effect on Luo Zheng. This showed that Luo Zheng's strength had already reached an unimaginable level.
Driven by great fear, Luo Bingquan only had one thought in his mind, and that was to escape!
But how could Luo Bingquan's speed be compared with Luo Zheng's? When Luo Zheng really increased his speed, Luo Zheng almost caught up with him.
In this critical situation, Luo Bingquan could only shout loudly: "Senior, save me!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already stuck close to Luo Bingquan's back and said coldly: "Even if God is here, he can't save you!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng punched Luo Bingquan's back. Luo Bingquan, who had suffered a heavy blow, was smashed into a house.
At this time, not far away, a cold voice came: "Who dares to hurt my disciple? I'll swallow you alive! "
＝＝＝＝＝