Not far away, a blood-red figure flew over at an extremely fast speed. Luo Junyi also followed behind without stopping.
Luo Junyi naturally heard Luo Bingquan's cry for help.
"What? Luo Zheng defeated Luo Bingquan? "Luo Junyi couldn't accept this fact for a while.
Then, he heard Blood Prisoner call Luo Bingquan his disciple, and his heart was shocked again.
When did Luo Bingquan become Blood Prisoner's disciple?
Although Luo Junyi knew that Luo Bingquan hid Blood Prisoner in the Luo family to fight against Luo Zheng, Luo Junyi still didn't agree with Blood Prisoner.
After all, Blood Prisoner wasn't righteous. He swallowed people alive and sucked their blood. These actions made people's hair stand on end. Even if they cooperated with Blood Prisoner, it was like asking a tiger for its skin. One day, they would be devoured by Blood Prisoner. But because of Luo Zheng's existence, Luo Bingquan had to make this choice, and Luo Junyi also understood.
But Luo Junyi didn't know that Luo Bingquan had become Blood Prisoner's disciple!
Although he was puzzled, there wasn't much time for Luo Junyi to think about it. After all, it was a critical time now.
Luo Zheng punched Luo Bingquan into the house, and he also jumped in. Although Luo Zheng's punch only exerted forty to fifty percent of its power, it was enough to make Luo Bingquan suffer.
After a while, they saw Luo Zheng pull out a person from the house. That person's face was covered with blood and looked dispirited. It was Luo Bingquan.
With a casual punch, Luo Bingquan was defeated by Luo Zheng.
The Luo family's disciples sighed in their hearts. It seemed that they had underestimated Luo Zheng's strength.
Right at this moment, all of them noticed the blood red figure that had appeared not too far away, and their expressions instantly changed drastically when they saw that figure!
That person's whole body was bright red, as if the skin on the surface had been peeled off alive, leaving only the inner layer of flesh and blood!
An endless smell of blood drifted out from that person's body, making people wonder if they were in an Asura field.
Without looking at his face, almost many people recognized him at first sight.
There was a detailed description of this infamous ogre in the government's announcement.
"Blood Prisoner! It's Blood Prisoner! He's in our house! "
"He actually called Luo Bingquan his disciple! Could it be that Luo Bingquan has become his disciple? "
"No wonder … No wonder the smell of blood on Luo Bingquan's body is so strong. He really did learn Blood Prisoner's Blood Fiend Force. No wonder someone in the family went missing! So … "
The Luo Family's disciples were not strong, but they were not fools. Although the disappearance of the Luo Family's people had been strictly sealed by Luo Bingquan, how could they hide the disappearance of living people? It was just that Luo Bingquan had blocked the news and prevented everyone from discussing this matter.
Although some people found it strange, they didn't associate it with the blood prisoners.
Now that everyone saw the Blood Prisoner, they naturally figured it out!
That so-called demon-like fellow was actually hiding in their home and had even become their master living in their home ….
The Blood Prisoner floated in the air, his hair constantly fluttering behind his head. His pair of blood-red eyes stared closely at Luo Zheng and he licked his lips: "Put down my disciple, I can kill you first and then swallow your body. Otherwise, I'll swallow you alive!"
The Blood Prisoner had another hobby of swallowing living people, that was, he liked to watch the screams of those living people. Therefore, when he swallowed a living person, he always started from the hands and legs.
The human who had become his food could watch his body being swallowed little by little while screaming. This kind of twisted expression could stimulate the Blood Prisoner's appetite!
"Swallow me?" Luo Zheng's face showed a cynical look, "You're not afraid of breaking your teeth!"
"Boy, you're only at the Xiantian third stage. Do you know what realm I am at?" The Blood Prisoner floating in the air sneered.
"You've just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, the first stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. What are you so proud of? Or do you think you're very powerful? "The cynical smile on Luo Zheng's face became more intense.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Blood Prisoner suddenly choked.
Originally, the Blood Prisoner thought that this boy was a Xiantian lifeform and didn't know that he was at the Divine Reflection Realm, so he asked such a question.
He didn't expect that the other party would be able to see through his cultivation without the slightest panic on his face, which made the Blood Prisoner feel that something was wrong.
However, the Blood Prisoner couldn't figure out what was wrong. The gap between the Xiantian lifeform and the Divine Reflection Realm was very large. It was not an exaggeration to say that the gap between the two was like heaven and earth. Although the Blood Prisoner hadn't recovered all of his strength, he practiced the Dao of Slaughter, so his strength was originally higher than warriors of the same level. A Xiantian lifeform simply wasn't qualified for his attention.
Since when could a Xiantian lifeform look down on a Divine Reflection Realm warrior?
In fact, the Blood Prisoner was limited by his own limited knowledge.
In the Blue Cloud Sect, there were many talented people. The strength and talent of all kinds of disciples were often beyond people's imagination. Therefore, it was not uncommon to see people fighting above their level in the Blue Cloud Sect.
Of course, it was relatively rare for a Xiantian lifeform like Luo Zheng to be able to fight against a Divine Reflection Realm warrior and win.
In the counties under the Eastern Region, the strength of warriors was originally not much different. Therefore, it was almost impossible for a Xiantian lifeform to challenge a Divine Reflection Realm warrior.
This was the reason why the Blood Prisoner couldn't figure out. Why didn't Luo Zheng panic? Was there a more powerful figure behind him?
Of course, he didn't know that his strength could barely be regarded as good in the counties of the Eastern Region, but compared with the Blue Cloud Sect, he was a child in the presence of a great one.
The Blood Prisoner's peak strength was probably much weaker than that of Zhou Dan of the Black Rock Peak, not to mention that he was now injured.
In the eyes of Luo Zheng, it was naturally not worth mentioning.
"What an arrogant boy! I hope you can still be so arrogant when I tear you apart and devour you bit by bit!"
As soon as the Blood Prisoner's voice fell, wisps of blood-red blood directly spread out from his exposed flesh.
This scene looked a little frightening, as if the Blood Prisoner was forcing his own blood out with his strength. As soon as those wisps of blood appeared, they rolled towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng lifted Luo Bingquan and sneered, "Interesting. I thought you were a beast enough, but I didn't expect you to be even more of a beast than me. You even took such a person as your master! But Luo Bingquan, let me tell you, this kind of person is also trash. You're really blind! "
Luo Bingquan was lifted by Luo Zheng and had no strength to resist. His only hope now was to kill Luo Zheng with the help of the Blood Prisoner! Otherwise, he would definitely die without a burial place!
Therefore, even though he was lifted by Luo Zheng like a dead dog and his aura was extremely weak, there was still a glimmer of hope in his eyes.
As long as the Blood Prisoner took action, everything would be fine!
If he could kill Luo Zheng, he still had a chance to turn the tables.
"You will be eaten by the Blood Prisoner, bite by bite! The final result will still be the same … Haha! "Luo Bingquan laughed harshly. He had just laughed a few times, but he was already out of breath.
"Really?" Luo Zheng seemed to have completely ignored those wisps of blood rolling towards him. Instead, he continued to say to Luo Bingquan, "Then I'll let you live a little longer for the time being. I'll let you see how weak the 'Blood Prisoner' you thought you were relying on is …"
After saying this, Luo Zheng casually threw Luo Bingquan towards those wisps of blood.
The Blood Prisoner originally wanted to kill Luo Zheng in an overwhelming way. But when he heard Luo Zheng's words, the fierceness in his eyes increased a bit. He said in a cold voice, "There aren't many Xiantian lifeforms who dare to be so arrogant in front of me! I hope you won't regret it! "
"Regret?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. At this moment, he didn't dodge. Instead, he stretched out his arm and let those wisps of blood roll on his hand.
Seeing this scene, the hearts of the Luo family's people suddenly hung in the air.
In their view, Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. After gaining experience in the Blue Cloud Sect, it wouldn't be difficult for him to defeat Luo Bingquan.
But that Blood Prisoner of the Demon Tribe was a figure of the Divine Reflection Realm!
Even if he had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, to the warriors of Chongyang County, he was a god-like existence.
In a county where a Xiantian lifeform could be called a king, wouldn't a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse be a god?
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand like this, seemingly still letting the wisps of blood released by the Blood Prisoner entangle him? Wouldn't that mean he was dead for sure?