Luo Zheng had used his body to withstand the attack of Luo Bingquan's flying swords, and then seriously injured Luo Bingquan. This had already shocked the juniors of Luo family, and at the same time, they had a very high evaluation of Luo Zheng's strength.
Although the evaluation was high, but just like the situation of the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Peak Competition, no one really believed that Luo Zheng, with the cultivation of Xiantian second stage, could defeat Zhou Dan, who was at the Divine Reflection realm.
Now, Luo Zheng was at the Xiantian third stage, but how could he fight against the Divine Reflection realm blood prisoner?
This kind of thing, unless one saw it with their own eyes, was very difficult to believe.
After the blood prisoner released the blood capillaries that wrapped around Luo Zheng's arm, the blood capillaries, like thousands of small insects, drilled into Luo Zheng's skin.
These blood capillaries contained the blood prisoner's own precision, as well as a strong baleful aura, and even an inch thick iron plate could be drilled through. The blood prisoner usually sucked people's flesh and blood, and relied on these blood capillaries to drill into people's bodies and devour them.
The person whose flesh and blood was devoured by the blood capillaries would only be left with shriveled skin and bones, and their end would be very miserable.
"Kid, scream miserably, scream miserably!" A cruel smile appeared on the Blood Prisoner's skinless face.
But as soon as the blood prisoner drilled into Luo Zheng's skin, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.
His invincible blood capillaries actually couldn't drill into Luo Zheng's skin!
How could this be?
Compared to Luo Bingquan, the blood prisoner had a more direct understanding of the tyrannical degree of Luo Zheng's body.
Because Luo Bingquan had used his flying swords to kill Luo Zheng, and those flying swords were only controlled by a small amount of Zhen Yuan, so after being bounced off by Luo Zheng, Luo Bingquan only felt that it was inconceivable, and perhaps he even wondered whether Luo Zheng had some kind of unique protective magic weapon.
But the blood prisoner directly used his Zhen Yuan to transform into blood capillaries, and drilled into Luo Zheng's skin. The feedback from the blood capillaries was very direct, and the strength of Luo Zheng's skin was far beyond his imagination. Those invincible blood capillaries had no effect on Luo Zheng.
While the blood prisoner was still in shock, Luo Zheng sneered: "Floating in the air must be very tiring, right? Get down here! "
After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly clenched his blood-covered hand into a fist and forcefully pulled it towards the ground. At the same time, he fiercely punched the ground!
"Boom!"
The huge force created a huge crater in the ground, and before the sound of the punch could dissipate, another "Boom!" was heard. Luo Zheng had forcefully pulled the blood prisoner down from mid-air and landed on the ground at an extremely high speed.
Countless cracks appeared on the ground, and not far from Luo Zheng, there was a human-shaped hole. The smell of blood wafted out from the hole, and the strong smell of blood was nauseating.
After a breath of time, a blood waterfall suddenly burst out from the hole. The blood waterfall splashed on the surrounding ground, and the stone slabs on the ground suddenly turned black. At the same time, a sizzling sound was heard, and the stone slabs melted in an instant. The blood waterfall was actually so corrosive.
After a while, a bloody hand stretched out from the hole. At this moment, the blood prisoner's whole body was bathed in a layer of blood-red light, as if he was a creature born from a pool of blood.
"I'm surprised, are the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect so powerful? You are only at the Xiantian third stage, but you can actually force me to ignite the blood of ten thousand devils and stimulate the body of a blood devil! " The blood prisoner's face was also shrouded in a layer of blood-red light, and only a pair of red eyes could be seen. At this moment, he could no longer be called a human, but a genuine blood devil.
Seeing the blood prisoner's appearance and the imposing aura on his body increase substantially, Luo Zheng's face exposed a surprised look.
It seemed that the path of slaughter was really a shortcut. If not for the fact that practicing the path of slaughter was easy to be devoured by the Evil Qi, who knew how many warriors in the world would have embarked on this path. This blood prisoner was only at the Divine Reflection Realm, and his foundation was far less stable than the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, but by relying on a secret method to stimulate the Evil Qi in his body, his strength could actually increase dramatically.
Luo Zheng didn't know how many creatures this blood prisoner had killed. Killing him would give him a lot of killing intent. At this moment, Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk nonsense with him. His body suddenly moved, twisting in a strange footwork. The flowing light sword in his hand flicked slightly, and a slash was made.
"Die!" The sharp Flowing Light Sword chopped out a bright silver Swordlight, and went straight to the blood prisoner.
"It's useless." The blood prisoner waved his hand, and from his arm, a layer of blood-red crystals condensed. The blood-red crystals were like pieces of blood-red jade, and formed a thick armor on his arm. Each of the blood-red crystals contained a strong Evil Qi.
"Pi pi pa pa pa pa …"
Luo Zheng's Swordlight shattered many crystals, but in the end, it was blocked.
The blood prisoner sneered, "Your strength really surprised me, but you're destined to become my food!"
"Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! "Six blood-red bone spurs burst out from the blood prisoner's body. Each of the six bone spurs was dozens of feet long, like the legs of a spider, and instantly surrounded Luo Zheng.
"Become a part of my flesh and blood!" The blood prisoner laughed wildly, and the six bone spurs stabbed at Luo Zheng!
At this moment, a beautiful girl quietly floated not far away, and said lightly, "Brother, do you need help?"
Hearing the girl's words, the blood prisoner discovered her existence.
When did this girl come? Has she been here all this time? Why didn't I discover her existence?
This girl's cultivation is at the Divine Reflection Realm?
She called Luo Zheng brother? Among the Luo family's disciples, there was actually a girl at the Divine Reflection Realm?
From the blood prisoner's point of view, although Luo Zheng's strength surprised him, he was still a Xiantian lifeform. The blood prisoner couldn't possibly lose to him. Even if he couldn't beat him, he could still fly! Luo Zheng was a Xiantian lifeform, so it was impossible for him to catch up with him. Therefore, the blood prisoner had a strong psychological advantage against Luo Zheng.
But if Luo Zheng had a Divine Reflection Realm powerhouse by his side, it would be a different story! This girl's cultivation could only be higher than his! If the blood prisoner encountered her, he had no confidence in winning.
"I don't need your help. I'll end this fight," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
What did this mean? The blood prisoner couldn't react at all. He wanted to end this fight without the girl's help? From Luo Zheng's tone, it seemed that he could finish him off at any time? Wasn't this guy too naive …
The blood prisoner didn't have time to think before he saw a silver light flickering in Luo Zheng's hand, shooting straight at his face.
That silver light was the broken flying dagger!
The broken flying dagger was extremely fast, almost arriving in a flash. The blood prisoner wanted to dodge, but then he felt a great pain in his mind, which almost made him stop thinking.
"Pop!"
The broken flying dagger easily flashed past the blood prisoner's neck and cut it off. A large amount of blood gushed out from his broken neck.
The blood prisoner's head rolled to one side, and the faint red light in his eyes dimmed. "So it's me. I'm too naive …"
Looking at the blood prisoner's slowly falling body, Luo Zheng shook his head. In terms of pure fighting strength, the blood prisoner who had transformed into a Blood Demon was indeed very strong. At least he could defeat Zhou Dan, and even have the strength to fight with Wang Yun. But that was in the case of a head-on fight.
Unfortunately, this kind of warrior who was born in Jianghu had too few resources, and his soul had never been tempered. He had no way to resist Luo Zheng's Frightening Soul Stab.
If Luo Zheng didn't want to end this battle quickly, he could have used the Frightening Soul Stab to stir the blood prisoner's brain into a paste and turn him into an idiot.
In contrast, the warriors born in the Blue Cloud Sect either had very strong souls or had special methods to protect their souls.
When the blood prisoner was completely dead, wisps of Evil Spirit emerged from his body. Generally speaking, Evil Spirit had no color. Only when it was concentrated to a certain extent would it show a light red color. Only when a large amount of Evil Spirit condensed would it show a bright red color.
However, this blood prisoner's Evil Spirit was actually crimson!
"So much Evil Spirit. How many creatures has this guy killed?" Luo Zheng thought faintly.
The wisps of Evil Spirit constantly entered Luo Zheng's body and gathered in Luo Zheng's body. In contrast, the Evil Spirit obtained from the people Luo Zheng had just killed was not worth mentioning.
After about ten breaths of time, the Evil Spirit in the blood prisoner's body finally gathered in Luo Zheng's body and finally turned into three crimson blood-colored crystals.
"Three blood-colored crystals. Are these three portions of Evil Spirit?" Luo Zheng could feel that these three blood-colored crystals were also a special kind of energy. This energy was formed by the curses of thousands of creatures before they died. It could be imagined that the curses of the creatures before they died were not good things.
However, everything had its pros and cons. Although the Evil Spirit would backfire on the user, if the Evil Spirit was used, its power would be surprisingly great. For example, the blood prisoner's foundation was far inferior to Zhou Dan's, but the strength he erupted with was stronger than Zhou Dan's. This was because he relied on the Evil Spirit to display such strength.
"These three portions of Evil Spirit lurking in my body are harmful to me. Fortunately, I have established a connection with the Killing Swords Mountain and can store the Evil Spirit in the Killing Swords Mountain." Luo Zheng's mind moved and the three portions of Evil Spirit disappeared in an instant. Luo Zheng felt a surge of energy from somewhere in his body …
Storing the Evil Spirit in the Killing Swords Mountain turned out to be so simple. I wonder how much Evil Spirit can I store in the Killing Swords Mountain?
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, not far away, a figure was fleeing rapidly. It was Luo Junyi who was following behind the blood prisoner!
How could Luo Junyi have thought that Luo Zheng could kill the blood prisoner so easily?!
That was the blood prisoner who was jointly hunted down by the government and the Blue Cloud Sect! The blood prisoner's strength was almost invincible in these counties. Even if the government and the Blue Cloud Sect sent many experts to encircle and suppress the blood prisoner, he still managed to escape.
Now, his neck had been cut off by Luo Zheng in an instant …
Luo Junyi only felt a chill on his back. Now, he could not think of anything except running away.