Luo Junyi's face was ashen. In Luo Junyi's eyes, this girl who was as beautiful as a lotus flower was as terrifying as a demon.
"Luo Yan, let Third Uncle go!" Luo Junyi knew that he couldn't escape from Luo Yan's hands, so he turned around and begged.
"Do you think it's possible?" Luo Yan's eyes were cold. Although she was still a little girl, her father's death was a big blow to her, so Luo Junyi's pleading was useless.
"The mastermind behind your father's murder was Luo Bingquan! I, I couldn't get involved … "Luo Junyi began to explain.
Luo Yan nodded, "With your strength, it's impossible for you to murder my father, but I have to find out the truth, so you can't go."
Luo Junyi suddenly choked. His eyes flickered, and he continued, "Since you won't let me go, then … go die!"
Luo Junyi was the most handsome man in the Luo Family. He usually paid great attention to maintaining his appearance. Even at forty years old, he still looked like a crown jade. However, at this moment, his face revealed a ferocious expression, and three metal boxes with a metallic luster appeared in his hands.
"Thousand Deity Thunder Halberd!"
When Luo Zheng and Luo Junyi's eldest son, Luo Chengyun, fought to the death, Luo Chengyun used the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd to plot against Luo Zheng. Now, his father was using the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd, which was ten times more powerful than the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd!
The Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd was the secret treasure of the Luo Family. It was also a hidden weapon obtained by the Luo Family's ancestor by chance. There were only three of them in total. The Luo Family only took them out when they had no other choice. They hadn't used any of them in hundreds of years.
The Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd was a replica of the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd. The replica was already very powerful, so one could imagine the power of the Thousand Forms Tribulation Thunder Halberd.
"Pa, pa, pa!"
Three dragon-like lightning bolts quickly condensed into three lightning halberds, and suddenly struck into Luo Yan's body. As soon as the lightning entered her body, Luo Junyi fiercely stared at Luo Yan, but in his heart, he was shouting, "Three lightning halberds, I want you to explode and die!" Explode for me!
The air was filled with a burnt smell. Luo Junyi stared at Luo Yan. At this moment, the three lightning bolts were wreaking havoc in her body. Her body was about to explode!
But after waiting for a long time, until the burnt smell of the lightning dissipated, Luo Yan looked as if nothing had happened …
This …
Luo Junyi had imagined several possible outcomes for Luo Yan. She could be split into two halves by the Pantheon Thunder Halberd. She could explode and die. She could also be blocked by Luo Yan. However, he never thought that this would happen.
Luo Junyi was tongue-tied. He wanted to say something, but he felt that he had nothing to say.
"Third Uncle, please go to the Drill Hall." Luo Yan made an inviting gesture.
All the disciples of the Luo Family had gathered in the Martial Arts Hall.
Although the Luo Family was on the decline, with their properties being invaded and divided by other families, and the family's income dwindling, the Luo Family's descendants were still thriving.
Seven to eight hundred disciples of the Luo Family had gathered in the large Martial Arts Hall.
All of the Luo Clan's disciples cast their gazes on the platform at the end of the Martial Arts Hall. Luo Bingquan, who used to make people tremble with just a glance, was now lying on the platform on the verge of death, while Luo Junyi was curled up at the side, trembling incessantly.
Everyone knew that today was the most important day for the Luo Family!
In fact, many of the disciples of the Luo Family were still immersed in a dream. Although they had been fantasizing that one day they would be able to push Luo Bingquan down from the position of Family Head, no one had thought that this day would come so quickly, so violently, and so irresistibly!
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped into the Luo Family's door, he destroyed everything that they had never dared to imagine.
From today onwards, the Luo Family would have to change. What made the disciples of the Luo Family even more happy was the strength of Luo Zheng and Luo Yan!
With their strength, no one in Chongyang County could be their match. Moreover, with their current status, they would definitely lead the Luo Family to prosperity, and the disciples of the Luo Family would definitely benefit from it.
At this time, two servants supported the trembling Luo Jin and slowly moved him up the platform.
Although Luo Zheng had crippled Luo Bingquan, and was also the expected candidate for Family Head, Luo Zheng was not suitable to control the situation at this time. Luo Zheng needed a respectable elder to announce everything.
Luo Zheng had strength, but he was still a junior in the family.
Although the Luo Family was an insignificant family in the Fengwang Dynasty, it was still a small family. Many things in the family did not only depend on strength, but also a person's prestige and seniority.
If Luo Zheng took the position of Family Head purely based on his own strength, then what was the difference between him and Luo Bingquan?
After getting up the platform, Luo Jin took two deep breaths. At his age, no matter what happened, it would be difficult for him to be excited. However, at this moment, his pair of dim old eyes were shining with excitement. After resting, Luo Jin said in a hoarse voice, "Luo Zheng is the son of Luo Xiao, the eldest son of the eldest branch. It is natural for him to take the position of Family Head. But it is a pity that Luo Bingquan and Luo Junyi are worse than beasts. They actually murdered our Family Head, Luo Xiao, and urged him to take the position of Family Head. Luo Zheng only took back what he lost. He is now our Family Head … What do you think, disciples of the Luo Family?"
"Luo Zheng should be our Family Head! There is no doubt about it! "
"Luo Bingquan is a bastard. He has gone against the law, and caused many of our disciples to be miserable! Luo Zheng is what everyone wants! "
"I support Luo Zheng to be our Family Head!"
At this moment, how could the disciples of the Luo Family have any other objections?
In the eyes of many people with foresight, Luo Zheng's strength was already beyond the scope of Chongyang County. A person like him wouldn't care about the Luo Family's property at all. The value of some of the Luo Family's heirlooms was nothing to Luo Zheng. He didn't care about them at all.
Therefore, the actual situation was that the Luo Family needed to curry favor with Luo Zheng to be the Family Head!
How could Luo Jin not think of this when many people could think of it? Luo Jin had lived for so many years. Although he was already half a step into the grave, as the saying goes, "Old people are wise." Luo Jin knew that as long as Luo Zheng was willing to take the position of Family Head, the Luo Family would have a meteoric rise!
"Ahem," Luo Jin coughed, "In this case, I announce that Luo Zheng is officially the Family Head of the Luo Family!
After Luo Jin finished speaking, Luo Zheng walked up to the stage. He didn't promise to lead the Luo Family to glory, nor did he describe the Luo Family's great development plan. He only said one sentence.
"The other families in Chongyang County took away our property. I will make them pay back double!"
"Wow …"
With just one sentence, the entire Drill Hall was already boiling with excitement.
The disciples of the Luo Family didn't only feel humiliated within the family, but also outside the family. However, they could only choose to endure it. Because the Luo Family didn't have the strength, they could only be bullied with their tail between their legs.
But now, the disciples of the Luo Family understood that they didn't need to endure it anymore. They needed to make the other families in Chongyang County pay the price!
After the boiling voices died down, Luo Zheng looked at Luo Bingquan at his feet and said indifferently, "Second Uncle, how did my father die?"
"Hehe …" Luo Bingquan, who was lying on the ground, didn't move. He had a mocking expression on his face as he said, "If you say it was me, then it was me. Why do you have to ask?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "You can't. You weren't strong enough to kill my father. At that time, my father was already in the Innate Realm. There must be someone else."
"Do you think I will tell you?" Luo Bingquan sneered, "Unless you promise me in front of everyone in the Luo Family that you won't kill me, then I will consider telling you!"
Hearing Luo Bingquan's words, Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Hmph, I am already a dead man. I will die whether I tell you or not. Do you think I am that stupid?" Luo Bingquan sneered.
Luo Zheng looked at Luo Junyi expressionlessly. Who knew that Luo Bingquan would warn him, "Third Brother, if you tell him, he will kill you immediately. Don't tell him even if you die!"
Under Luo Bingquan's warning, Luo Junyi also closed his mouth tightly. It seemed like he didn't want to tell him.
Seeing the two of them like this, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Hehe, do you think that I can't force you to tell me if you don't want to?"
As soon as he finished speaking, a translucent spike suddenly shot out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows towards Luo Bingquan!
＝＝＝＝＝