For Luo Zheng, the 《God Frightening Thorn》 had two uses.
The first was for a sneak attack. It was exceptionally effective against warriors whose souls weren't strong enough or whose soul defense wasn't strong enough. A moment of absent-mindedness in battle meant defeat, death.
The second use was for punishment! The feeling of having one's soul pierced through, that type of pain couldn't be described with words at all. In short, it was definitely ten times greater than physical pain! If one's body endured too much pain, the brain would enter shock, fainting. However, the soul wouldn't!
Xiu!
The soul thorn silently entered Luo Bingquan's brain, immediately making him release a muffled groan, an unbearable pain appearing on his face. However, Luo Bingquan still realized that if he spoke of this secret, he might immediately die. He had a grudge against Luo Zheng for killing his father!
This type of great grudge couldn't be dissolved at all.
That was why Luo Bingquan forcefully endured the pain, tightly closing his mouth. Because the pain was unbearable, beads of sweat trickled down from his forehead one after another.
"Have you tasted this type of pain?" Luo Zheng said coldly.
Luo Bingquan clenched his teeth, still not saying anything.
"It doesn't matter if you don't speak." Luo Zheng's eyes landed on Luo Junyi's body again.
When Luo Junyi saw Luo Bingquan's painful appearance, he had long been scared to the point where he began to shiver. His endurance was far from as great as Luo Bingquan's. Before Luo Zheng spoke, he immediately said, "I'll speak, I'll speak, it's Qi Family! It's Qi Family's Family Master Qi Shan, it was him who personally killed Luo Xiao! Luo Zheng, don't kill me, I only … "
When he heard Luo Junyi's words, Luo Bingquan inwardly sighed. This idiot had always been unreliable.
Only now did Luo Zheng nod. "Very good!"
Cold light flickered from his hand, directly rushing at Luo Junyi. Luo Junyi's face was deathly pale, his entire body shaking. However, when that sword tip reached an inch from his forehead, it immediately changed directions, instead heading straight for Luo Bingquan!
"Pu!"
Luo Bingquan's head fell to the ground.
Luo Zheng had previously said that he wouldn't kill Luo Family's people. After all, these people were his blood relatives! That was why Luo Zheng only crippled Luo Peiran in Purgatory Mountain, he didn't kill him.
But today, Luo Zheng had no choice but to kill Luo Bingquan. First of all, Luo Bingquan was his father's murderer, and also the mastermind. Secondly, the Luo Family's juniors had a deep grudge against Luo Bingquan. If he didn't kill Luo Bingquan today, it would be hard to convince the masses. Moreover, many of the Luo Family's juniors would have a taboo in their hearts. What if Luo Bingquan made a comeback one day? They would all be punished.
Therefore, Luo Bingquan had no choice but to die.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, many people were relieved to see Luo Bingquan dead.
Wisps of killing intent escaped from Luo Bingquan's body. Although Luo Zheng knew that Luo Bingquan had taken the blood prisoner as his master and practiced the "Blood Evil Force", he didn't expect that Luo Bingquan's body would have so much killing intent. It seemed that Luo Bingquan had killed a lot of people during this period of time in order to cultivate.
Finally, the infernal energy that escaped from Luo Bingquan's body condensed into a blood red crystal!
Four blood red crystals now … …
Luo Zheng calculated in his mind. As the infernal energy accumulated, he must practice a Cultivation Method that could release the infernal energy. But right now, Luo Zheng still had to clean up the Luo Family's affairs.
"Luo Bingquan has been executed. Luo Junyi was the second mastermind. His crime doesn't warrant death. I'll leave him to you! Tomorrow, I'll pay my respects to my ancestors' graves! " After saying that, Luo Zheng handed over the Martial Arts Hall's affairs to his Third Uncle, Fourth Uncle, and several other elders. He believed that they could handle it better than he could.
Hearing Luo Zheng's sentence, Luo Junyi's pale face recovered a bit of color. He thought that he was going to die. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to spare his life. Looking at Luo Zheng's back, his eyes were full of awe.
"Jade Dragon Court" was the place where the Luo Family's main branch was located.
Since Luo Xiao's death and the main branch's decline, Jade Dragon Court had been sealed up and became a forbidden area of the Luo Family.
Occasionally, people from the Luo Family would pass by Jade Dragon Court, but they would only take a quick glance. Very few people would set foot inside.
Due to the lack of maintenance, weeds as tall as a person had grown in many places in Jade Dragon Court. The courtyard walls were also covered in dust.
Today, dozens of servants from the Luo Family swarmed in. They cleaned the ground, pulled out the weeds, and trimmed the bonsai. They were busy in full swing. In just half a day, the entire Jade Dragon Court looked brand new!
When Luo Zheng and Luo Yan finished their meal and returned to Jade Dragon Court, their eyes lit up.
It wasn't Luo Zheng's order to clean Jade Dragon Court, but the Luo Family didn't lack such people.
As soon as Luo Yan entered Jade Dragon Court, she cheerfully walked toward a swing in the corner. That was the swing that Luo Yan often sat on when she was young. However, after all these years, the original ropes on the swing had rotted away. This swing was replaced with two new ropes.
After sitting on it, Luo Yan swung down on the swing, allowing her two slender legs to slowly swing in the air. Looking at Luo Yan's heartfelt smile, this was probably the happiest moment she had seen Luo Yan after meeting Luo Zheng …
In the end, Luo Yan was just a little girl. Due to her special constitution and outstanding talent, her weak shoulders shouldered too many things that shouldn't be shouldered by her.
Even now, she still hadn't gotten rid of those things.
Although Shi Jingtian promised Luo Yan to go home, he also warned Luo Zheng not to think about escaping with Luo Yan.
Because that person had already left a trace on Luo Yan's body. Even if Luo Yan escaped to the ends of the earth, that person would definitely be able to find her. If he escaped with Luo Yan, it would only make things worse.
In fact, Luo Zheng originally wanted to escape with Luo Yan into the Immortal Mansion.
That Immortal Mansion was an existence that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. However, Luo Zheng was only the temporary owner of that Immortal Mansion. There were many things inside that Luo Zheng couldn't use. It was hard to guarantee Luo Yan's safety.
Luo Yan swayed back and forth on the swing. The golden rays of the setting sun fell on her body, making her look like a beautiful painting that couldn't be fixed.
Looking at his sister's cheerful smile, Luo Zheng clenched his fists. He secretly swore in his heart that even if he had to risk his life, he would definitely protect her!
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that everything was destined. Everything was destined to be an ordeal to embark on a journey. And Luo Yan was the lamp that guided Luo Zheng forward.
Early the next morning, the elders of the clan followed Luo Zheng up the mountain. There was a small hill in the backyard of the Luo Family. This was also a blessed land.
Tombstones stood there quietly. This was the Luo Family's graveyard. The ancestors of the Luo Family were sleeping here.
Worship the mountain, worship the ancestors …
As the new head of the Luo Family, this procedure must be followed.
Three bamboo incense sticks were lit and gently held in Luo Zheng's hand. He bowed three times in front of his father's grave, lit the incense, and worshipped the ancestors. After leaving the Luo Family's graveyard, Luo Zheng's eyes gradually revealed a cold killing intent. Some people in Chongyang County must die!
At the same time, in Chongyang County, in a room on the highest floor of the New Moon Restaurant, five to six people were sitting around a table. They seemed to be discussing something extremely important!
These five people were the heads of the top five clans in Chongyang County!
Huang, Qi, He, Zhang, and Chen. Currently, all the mines, shops, and gambling houses in Chongyang County were controlled by them!
The Luo Family used to be ranked first. However, due to the Luo Family's decline, they slowly fell from first to sixth. The Luo Family's business was swallowed up by these five clans. The Luo Family had become a dispensable small character.
"Luo Zheng must die! My son, Huang Xing, was killed by him. Does he really think that he can do whatever he wants just because he has the backing of the Blue Cloud Sect? " The person sitting at the head of the round table was seething with anger. He was the head of the Huang Family, Huang Chen, who was also Huang Xing's father.
Huang Chen had many children, but Huang Xing was his eldest son and also his most talented son. Originally, he wanted to nurture this son with all his might. However, he did not expect that the natural born Luo Zheng would return to the Luo Family. Huang Xing was mysteriously involved in the Luo Family's dispute and was killed by Luo Zheng. How could Huang Chen tolerate this?
"I also think that Luo Zheng must die. However, how do we deal with him? I heard that the Blood Prisoners wanted by the government all died at the hands of Luo Zheng. Huang Chen, you should know the strength of that Blood Prisoner, right? "Qiu Shan said with a melancholy expression.
The person who was most afraid of this moment was actually Qiu Shan!
Although the other clan heads were also afraid of Luo Zheng, the most they could do was to spit out the Luo Family's business. As for Huang Chen, he could also choose to endure the pain of losing his son and swallow this anger! However, Qiu Shan was the one who killed Luo Xiao! Now that Luo Bingquan was executed, Luo Junyi was afraid that he would reveal himself.