"You want us to spit out the Luo family's assets? Dream on! "The head of the Chen family coldly scolded.
The resources of Chongyang County were limited, and if they had more, then they would have less. Therefore, everyone was haggling over every penny and refused to give in!
Therefore, when Qiu Shan had colluded to kill Luo Xiao, he had naturally obtained a lot of Luo family's assets! He had used this opportunity to become the second largest family in Chongyang County, second only to the Huang family!
However, the Chen family, He family, and Zhang family had also obtained a lot of benefits, and at this moment, they naturally did not want to spit out these benefits. Every family had large assets, and many people had followed these family heads to eat meat and drink soup. If they returned the Luo family's assets, it would be the same as cutting off their flesh.
Qiu Shan actually wanted to return it, but he was very clear that even if he returned it, Luo Zheng would not let him go. At this time, he naturally encouraged the other families to fight against Luo Zheng. "Yes, the Luo family's strength is not enough, so naturally, the Luo family's assets will be swallowed by us! Now, it is indeed unrealistic for him to take back all these assets by himself! But how do we deal with Luo Zheng? "
"He defeated the blood prisoner, perhaps he relied on luck? The blood prisoner was seriously injured, and perhaps his injuries were too severe, so his strength was only 10% or 20% of his original strength. Losing to Luo Zheng is not a strange thing, after all, he is only a Xiantian level expert, how can he be a match for so many of us? "The head of the He family analyzed.
They were indeed afraid of Luo Zheng's strength.
After the head of the He family said this, the other family heads began to analyze Luo Zheng's true strength, and their analysis was very clear and logical!
The final conclusion was that it was impossible for a Xiantian stage three master to defeat the blood prisoner, and the blood prisoner had escaped with serious injuries, so his strength was very likely to be only 10% of his original strength. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng was able to defeat the blood prisoner.
"Humph, in that case, I must take that little bastard's life!" Killing intent flashed in Huang Chen's eyes. Among the people present, he was the strongest, and he was also the most confident Family Head.
"With Patriarch Huang leading us, if we work together, that little bastard will definitely not be our match!" Qiu Shan immediately said from behind.
"That's right, the Luo Clan must be suppressed. That little fellow has such achievements at such a young age. If we ignore him, when he grows up in the future, our clans …" The head of the He Clan was speaking when suddenly, laughter came from outside the house.
The New Moon Pavilion was the property of the Huang family. Before the gathering, Huang Chen had already warned the servants of the New Moon Pavilion not to let anyone in. At this moment, there was actually someone laughing outside. Huang Chen frowned and shouted, "Who is it?"
"Interesting, interesting. It's really better to come at the right time than to come at the right time. I was going to look for you guys one by one, but I didn't expect you guys to have already gathered together. It saves me the trouble of running from house to house!"
"Crack!"
As soon as the voice fell, a neat big hole appeared in the window, and a figure came in through the hole. This person had sword-like eyebrows and bright eyes, and was very handsome. It was Luo Zheng!
Seeing that Luo Zheng actually dared to come here directly, Qiu Shan's eyes jumped. He had a premonition that something big was going to happen today.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, how could the other Clan Heads not understand this brat's identity?
"Luo Zheng, I didn't go look for you, but you actually dared to come here personally!" Huang Chen glared at Luo Zheng. He wanted nothing more than to skin Luo Zheng alive!
Luo Zheng indifferently looked at Huang Chen, then his gaze swept past the Clan Heads and said, "Today, I'm here to negotiate something. However, if you want to kill someone, I will also kill. I will only kill one person." After saying this, Luo Zheng's gaze landed on Qiu Shan who was not far away.
Qiu Shan's heart jumped and he took two steps back. It wasn't that he was a coward, but that the killing intent in Luo Zheng's eyes was too strong.
"Negotiate? You jumped in through the window, is this your sincerity in negotiating? "The head of the Chen Clan asked.
"That's fine! I, Luo Zheng, will first apologize to the Clan Heads! Can I sit down on this stool? " As Luo Zheng spoke, he minded his own business and sat in front of the table. He even made a "please" gesture to the Clan Heads.
The Clan Heads were instantly speechless. Wasn't this brat too calm?
However, the few Clan Heads really bought into the idea of using diplomacy before resorting to force. They really sat down.
Luo Zheng poured himself a cup of tea and lightly took a sip. He said, "I came here today to do two things. Let me first say the first thing. You are one of the top five clans in Chong Yang County. More or less, you've divided a lot of my Luo Clan's property …"
"So what if I did? Do you expect me to return it to your Luo Clan? "The head of the He Clan sneered.
Luo Zheng lightly smiled. His smile was very casual. He stretched out two fingers, "Double. The Luo Clan's property that you've swallowed in the past will be returned in double, and this matter will be settled!"
"Hahaha," The head of the He Clan laughed loudly, "Are you dreaming? You want me to return it to your Luo Clan intact? This is already impossible, and you still want double? Little brat, are you still dreaming? "
The Clan Heads also laughed. Everyone also felt that Luo Zheng didn't seem to be that scary. Killing the blood prisoner didn't seem like a big deal to them. Maybe the blood prisoner was already dying, and he was just adding a stab to the wound?
"I'll only give you one chance. If you don't agree, I'll raise the price later, triple it," Luo Zheng said seriously in the face of the Clan Heads' laughter. It didn't seem like he was joking at all.
"Luo Zheng, who do you think you are? Don't say that you don't want the Luo Clan's property from me. My son died in your hands. Since you're here today, don't even think about leaving! " Huang Chen slammed the table, and a broadsword appeared in his hand. He waved the broadsword, and a blazing aura bloomed from the broadsword. He slashed it towards Luo Zheng.
As soon as Huang Chen moved, Qiu Shan moved as well. Qiu Shan's weapon was a concealed weapon that was half a flute and half a dagger. Qiu Shan's mind was very sharp. He had a premonition that Luo Zheng wasn't ordinary. Otherwise, how would he dare to break in at this time? Therefore, as soon as Huang Chen moved, Qiu Shan wanted to join forces with Huang Chen to kill Luo Zheng in an instant!
As long as Luo Zheng died, everything would be easy to talk about!
Unfortunately, the gap between their strength and Luo Zheng's was too big.
When Luo Zheng came out of the Immortal Mansion and just stepped into the Xiantian realm, he was already able to kill Xiantian eighth stage and ninth stage Xiantian nobles.
Whether it was in terms of foundation, resources, or weapons, these Clan Heads in front of him were far inferior to those nobles! Facing Luo Zheng, there was only one outcome, and that was to be killed in an instant!
A treasured sword suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. It was Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword.
The Flowing Light Longsword emitted two brilliant silver sword rays, which directly pierced through the table and slashed towards Huang Chen and Qiu Shan at a speed that was almost invisible to the naked eye.
"Pu pu!"
Two muffled sounds rang out, and before the other Clan Heads could react, they saw two right hands fall to the ground.
Huang Chen and Qiu Shan's right arms were cut off, and blood was constantly spurting out!
The blood spurted out for a while before it slowly stopped. Huang Chen and Qiu Shan's faces were filled with shock. The time when their arms were cut off was too short, and they did not feel the pain yet.
The Patriarchs of the He Family, Chen Family, and Zhang Family were all in disbelief.
Huang Chen and Qiu Shan were the two most powerful Clan Heads in Chong Yang County! But in just one move, Luo Zheng had crippled their right arms? And from the looks of it, Luo Zheng had been merciful. Otherwise, it would not have been their arms that were cut off, but their bodies!
The other three Clan Heads immediately felt that they were very lucky. Fortunately, they did not attack just now. If they had attacked together with Huang Chen and Qiu Shan, their arms would probably have fallen to the ground as well! The speed of this youngster's sword was too fast, and they could not see it clearly. How could they break a sword move that could not be seen clearly?
In fact, they did not understand. Even if Luo Zheng's sword move was slow, they still had no chance of breaking Luo Zheng's "Simplicity of Dao" basic sword move. Even the Blue Cloud Sect's head disciple, Li Yifeng, could not break it, so how could these Clan Heads of Chong Yang County break it?
"Huang Chen, I killed your son because he wanted to kill my Luo Clan's disciples in my Luo Clan's Martial Arts Hall! Huang Xing is very important in your eyes, but my Luo Clan's disciples are also important in my eyes. I killed Huang Xing because your son deserved to die! "Luo Zheng stared at Huang Chen and said.
At this moment, Huang Chen felt that he had become a joke, and he really did not dare to refute!
Strength was the best footnote for the right to speak. At this moment, Huang Chen understood that with his strength of Xiantian Fifth Stage, he could be called a tyrant in Chong Yang County, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, he was not worth mentioning at all!
Luo Zheng once again stretched out three fingers: "Now the price is going to increase by three times! Let me remind you Clan Heads, if you do not agree to the deal, then the price will increase by four times! "
Three times! This meant that they would not only have to spit out the properties of the Luo Clan, but they would also have to compensate the Luo Clan with twice the amount.