So what if his demands were excessive?
After severing Huang Chen and Qiu Shan's hands with a single slash, the five Patriarchs present had no room to resist at all.
Not to mention Luo Zheng's demand for three times the amount, they had no choice even if it was thirty times the amount.
The Patriarchs suddenly felt that they were a little laughable. They were still analyzing Luo Zheng's strength and wanted the five of them to work together to fight against Luo Zheng.
In the end, Luo Zheng had barged in just like that and taken control of the situation with absolute strength!
At this moment, even Huang Chen who had a grudge against Luo Zheng for killing his son fell silent. Huang Chen was able to lead the Huang Clan to become the number one clan in Chongyang County, so he was a rather resourceful person. A figure like Luo Zheng wasn't someone he could go against.
No matter how many plans and strategies Huang Chen had, they were nothing but a joke before absolute strength. Luo Zheng only needed to crush everything in his path. Who in Chongyang County could stop him?
At this moment, everyone was silent because they were unwilling to accept this!
They had swallowed everything with great difficulty, yet they had to spit it out completely. Moreover, they had to return three times the amount. This was something that no Patriarch could accept.
Luo Zheng played with the exquisite teacup in his hand. The tea in the teacup slowly trembled because it was affected by an invisible aura.
If the tea could sense the aura, then the Patriarchs could naturally sense it as well.
The pressure Luo Zheng emitted was gradually increasing. Not only did this aura contain Luo Zheng's powerful soul energy, it even contained Yao Ye's baleful aura.
The paper-covered window on the door couldn't endure the pressure and started to crack bit by bit, emitting tiny cracking sounds.
The Patriarchs felt their throats dry up when they sensed the dense baleful aura within the aura. They couldn't sit still, and even their breathing became hurried.
"I'll give you ten more breaths of time. Otherwise, the price will increase by four times." Luo Zheng spoke indifferently. At this moment, the water in the teacup in his hand seemed to be boiling, and tiny droplets of water were constantly leaping out.
"I agree! The Zhang Clan is willing to return the Luo Clan's properties! Moreover, we'll give you three times the compensation! "The Zhang Clan Patriarch finally couldn't take it anymore.
"I agree as well. The He Clan is willing to compensate! Let's give up the mines and gambling dens! "The Patriarch of the He Family gritted his teeth and said.
In fact, these Patriarchs couldn't hold on any longer, but they were all holding on. As long as one person was the first to retreat, the rest wouldn't be able to hold on at all.
In the end, Huang Chen nodded and said, "The Huang family is willing to compensate the Luo family with their assets!"
"En, that's right." Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face, but his gaze landed on Qiu Shan. Although Qiu Shan had agreed to compensate, but the matter between him and Luo Zheng was not over yet. Luo Zheng's gaze was like two knives, staring at Qiu Shan: "Qiu Shan, where's my father's Green Aura Wind Chasing Sword?"
Qiu Shan immediately felt his heart tremble. He had already lost an arm, and there was a sliver of hope in his heart. Maybe if he compensated the Luo Clan, Luo Zheng would let him go. It seemed like it was just his own wishful thinking.
The other Patriarchs also looked at Qiu Shan with pitiful eyes. That year, Qiu Shan and Luo Bingquan had plotted to kill Luo Xiao, and these Patriarchs had more or less heard of it.
"Luo, Luo Zheng, your father's sword, I can return it to you. But for that matter, can we just forget about it? Our Qi Family can compensate you five times, no, six times!" Qiu Shan stuttered as he realized that the shadow of death was closing in on him.
"Forget about it?" Luo Zheng's lips curled into a cold smile, "So my father's death can be forgotten so easily! As a Patriarch, you don't even blush when saying such words! I don't need the sword, and I don't need you to compensate for the Qi Family's assets. But, you must die! "
Even under Luo Zheng's pressure, Qiu Shan's legs felt as heavy as lead. But at this moment, he still chose to run.
Seeing Qiu Shan running away, Luo Zheng did not chase after him. But when Qiu Shan opened the door, he saw a young lady outside. That young lady had slender legs and a perfect face. She was so beautiful that it made people's hearts beat faster. But her eyes were filled with endless killing intent. What was even more terrifying was the sword in her hand.
That blood red sword seemed to have swallowed the blood of billions of living beings. It emitted a strange attractive force that seemed to be able to suck all the blood in his body clean.
"You, who are you …."
The young lady did not answer. Instead, she twisted her waist and her entire body turned into a Baleful Qi storm, twisting towards Qiu Shan.
This Baleful Qi storm could even destroy Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha. Qiu Shan was unable to block it at all. In an instant, he was torn into pieces, blood splattering everywhere! However, the young lady did not seem to have a body. Her snow white skin and strange clothes were not stained with blood.
Looking at the young lady at the door, the Family Heads were speechless. Their eyes were filled with fear. At this moment, Huang Chen even forgot to press on the wound on his broken arm. Blood was still flowing out.
This young lady seemed to be even more terrifying than Luo Zheng! But why have they not heard of her before? Is she Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan? She doesn't look like it. Although she was extremely beautiful, her pointy ears did not belong to a human. She should belong to a foreign race. Why would such a strong foreign race girl follow Luo Zheng ….
Seeing the reactions of the Family Heads, Luo Zheng was satisfied. Today, he did not only come to take back what the Luo Family lost, but more importantly, he came to establish his power!
He wanted to explore the wider world. He did not know when he would return. And Luo Yan did not have the opportunity to return to Chong Yang County.
Although the strength of these Family Heads was not strong, their ambition was not bad. If he left, they might have thoughts about the Luo Family. But the Luo Family lacked a pillar to deal with them.
Therefore, Luo Zheng chose to use a heavy hand to establish his power!
He wanted them to understand that he could destroy their family in an instant.
Now, it seemed that the effect was good. As long as they were not stupid, they should not dare to provoke the Luo Family.
In these few days, there was an endless stream of people visiting the Luo Family.
First, the Chong Yang County's government sent fifty people carrying all kinds of gold, silver and jewelry. Under the leadership of the Chong Yang County's Mayor, they personally came to express their gratitude. Those gold, silver and jewelry were the rewards for killing the blood prisoners. The government had already announced that anyone who reported the whereabouts of the blood prisoners would be heavily rewarded. What's more, Luo Zheng directly killed the blood prisoners?
As for the matter of Luo Bingquan hiding the blood prisoners, he should have been punished, but the Chong Yang County's Mayor chose to forget about it. The Mayor could not wait to curry favor with Luo Zheng. How could he dare to ask about the Luo Family's crime?
In addition, the deeds of the five big families in Chong Yang County, the deeds of the houses, mines, gambling houses, and markets were sent to the Luo Family like snowflakes. Any one of these deeds was enough to turn an ordinary person into a rich man. But now, they were piled up like a small mountain …
The faces of the Luo Family's disciples were all changed. Everyone was beaming with joy. Who would have thought that the whole Luo Family would have such a great change in just a few days after Luo Zheng came back? Not to mention Luo Bingquan, Luo Xiao could not do this. No one in the Luo Family's generations could do this!
Three days later, early in the morning, the servant got up early. He waved the broom in his hand and began to sweep the gate of the Luo Family.
In these few days, there were too many people visiting the Luo Family. The servant had to clean inside and out every day to keep it clean and tidy. He did not want people to look down on the Luo Family.
Repeatedly sweeping the ground in front of the gate, the servant did not feel tired at all. Instead, he felt that he had an inexhaustible amount of energy.
After working hard for the Luo Family for decades, the servant was happy to see the Luo Family turn over a new leaf overnight. Moreover, the new Head Steward increased the wages of all the servants by three times! How could he not be happy?
It was all because of that brat …
The servant waved the broom meticulously. Even the smallest dregs were swept clean by him.
At this moment, a young man walked out of the gate of the Luo Family. Behind him was a young girl.
The young man's eyes were like stars. He nodded at the servant and said "Good morning". The young girl behind him smiled at the servant. This smile instantly made the servant dazed.
It was only when the two disappeared around the corner that the servant realized that he had forgotten to greet the young man …
The Patriarch of the Luo Family left just like that?
The matters in Chong Yang County had been settled. Even if Luo Zheng was not around, the Luo Family could still develop easily. Strictly speaking, other than the fact that the Luo Family's disciples were slightly weaker, the entire family was already the number one family in Chong Yang County.
Because of the compensation from the Five Great Families, the Luo Family now owned almost sixty percent of the businesses in Chong Yang County!
There was no point for Luo Zheng to stay here. More importantly, he had more important things to do.
Luo Zheng did not forget that Su Lingyun had not appeared until the end of the Peak Wide Competition.
The matter of the Burning Heaven Imperial Dynasty's power struggle had already caused an uproar. In the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital, other than the Blue Cloud Sect, who maintained an indifferent appearance, the Imperial Capital was already filled with killing intent. The seven major aristocratic families, as well as many small aristocratic families, each chose the prince they supported, hoping that after the prince ascended the throne in the future, their families would be able to obtain great benefits.
Su Lingyun was the eldest daughter that Su Qian doted on the most. As the Princess of Changkong, she was destined to be involved in this whirlpool.
Political struggles were often matters of life and death. Therefore, Luo Zheng was very worried about that dignified and noble princess. Was she alright?
＝＝＝＝＝