Along with the crisp sound of a bell, the gates of the Burning Heaven Palace did not close.
As the Imperial Palace of the Burning Heaven Dynasty, the gates of the Imperial Palace would be closed at five in the morning and no one could enter or leave the Imperial Palace.
But these days, the closing time of the Imperial Palace was often delayed to five in the morning or even seven in the morning!
It was said that the Crown Prince was very angry about this matter and had issued an imperial edict stating that the gates of the Imperial Palace must be closed at five in the morning.
However, the Crown Prince who had lost his power was like a tiger without claws and fangs. Even this seemingly small request was difficult to satisfy. As usual, the palace gates were closed very late. Many people with sensitive identities, such as the heads of various noble families and generals with military power, came in and out of the palace. They treated the palace gates as the city gates …
Many people could see from the closing time of the Imperial Palace that the Crown Prince's current position was in imminent danger and it was only a matter of time before he was abolished.
Now, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince were ready to make a move, or it could be said that they had already made a move, but they were afraid of each other's strength, so they had allowed the Crown Prince to sit on the throne for the time being. But once the battle between the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince was decided, the fate of the Crown Prince could be imagined.
These days, the Third Prince's Star Feather Palace Hall and the Seventh Prince's Flame Moon Temple often held banquets and invited guests from all over the world. In fact, each of them was trying to draw in their own forces and this was also the reason why the gates of the Burning Heaven Palace were closed so late.
Luo Zheng had only inquired about the general situation of the Burning Heaven Palace, but there were many things that he could not see clearly. Now, the most important thing was that Luo Zheng wanted to see Su Lingyun. Who was the Emperor of the Burning Heaven Dynasty? Whether the Crown Prince was abolished or not, Luo Zheng did not care.
Luo Zheng arrived at the gate of the Imperial Palace and just as he was about to step in, several imperial guards stopped him.
"Stop, this is the Imperial Palace's Forbidden Courtyard. If you want to enter, you must pass a message. Who are you? Please show me your name card and who are you looking for?" An instructor of the imperial guards asked.
The people who dared to enter the Imperial Palace were all representatives of their respective forces, and ordinary people simply didn't have the courage to stand here, so although Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian third stage, the performance of the instructor was very polite.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands across his chest and said: "I want to meet Her Highness Princess Changkong! I don't have a name card, I only have a disciple card of Blue Cloud Sect! "
"Luo Zheng?" The Forbidden Army instructor glanced at the disciple token. Although the Blue Cloud Sect was a holy land for martial arts, ordinary outer sect disciples and even inner sect disciples were not qualified to enter the Burning Sky Palace. However, Luo Zheng was different.
As the champion of the Blue Cloud Sect's competition, Luo Zheng's fame had spread not only in the Blue Cloud Sect, but also among the gentry clans and commoners.
This Imperial Army instructor was someone the Third Prince had placed in the Imperial Army. The instructor knew that the Third Prince was in need of people.
The Blue Cloud Sect was the biggest power in the Blazing Sky Dynasty. It could even be said that as long as the Blue Cloud Sect interfered, Shi Jingtian would be able to appoint whoever he wanted as the Emperor.
However, the Blue Cloud Sect did not participate in this political struggle. Whether it was the Sect Master, Elders, or Enlightened Masters, they were all very secretive about this political struggle and were not willing to get involved.
Therefore, even if the Third Prince racked his brains, he still could not get the support of the Blue Cloud Sect. However, the good news was that the Seventh Prince also could not get the support of the Blue Cloud Sect.
Since he could not rope in the elders of the Blue Cloud Sect, he would not let go of the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect either. After the competition ended, the Third Prince had already sent out invitations according to the name list. The invitations to the top 100 of the Green Cloud Ranking were basically sent out.
As the champion of the Green Cloud Ranking, Luo Zheng was naturally invited. Moreover, he was the most important person. After all, there were many gentry clans in the top 100 of the Green Cloud Ranking. For example, Pei Tianyao was from Wei River's Pei Clan. Since the Pei Clan had chosen to support the Seventh Prince, Pei Tianyao naturally did not have the possibility to rope them in.
However, Luo Zheng was a grassroots disciple. He did not have any gentry clans behind him. Moreover, he was the champion of the Green Cloud Ranking Competition. With such strength, his future prospects were limitless. Of course, he was the focus of the Third Prince to rope in.
Unfortunately, after the Green Cloud Ranking Competition, Luo Zheng seemed to have left the Blue Cloud Sect. The Third Prince personally sent people to invite Luo Zheng, but they could not find him.
At this moment, when the Imperial Army instructor heard the two words "Luo Zheng", his heart skipped a beat. If he brought Luo Zheng to the Third Prince, wouldn't it be a great merit? Therefore, the Imperial Army instructor's expression became even more courteous and courteous. In his eyes, Luo Zheng had become a great "merit".
"Oh, so it's Young Master Luo Zheng! This way please, this way please! "The Imperial Army instructor smiled.
Seeing the Imperial Army instructor suddenly become so courteous, Luo Zheng's face revealed a baffled expression.
However, he did not know that the Imperial Army not only had the Third Prince's men, there were also the Seventh Prince's men. If the Seventh Prince's men discovered Luo Zheng, it was likely that a dispute would be unavoidable. During this period of time, the two princes had been fighting over their own forces. This kind of thing had happened more than once or twice.
Although Luo Zheng did not know what the Imperial Army instructor was up to, he was unfamiliar with the Burning Heaven Palace. It was not bad to have someone to lead the way. Therefore, under the guidance of the Imperial Army instructor, he walked along the winding roads of the Imperial Palace.
After walking for a while, Luo Zheng saw the brilliant lights in front of him. Moreover, there were many voices. In addition, he also heard the sound of gongs and drums. It seemed that someone was singing an opera.
When he walked closer, Luo Zheng saw a signboard with the words "Feather Star Palace" written on it.
"This is Princess Changkong's residence?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
The Imperial Army instructor smiled and said, "Young Master Luo Zheng will know once you enter. If you want to see Her Highness, you may have to get the permission of the person inside."
Get the permission of the person inside? Who was that person?
Before Luo Zheng could speak, the Imperial Army instructor said to the people inside the Feather Star Palace, "Quickly go and announce that Luo Zheng of the Blue Cloud Sect has come to visit!"
Not long after, a group of people walked out of the Feather Star Palace. The person in the lead was wearing a purple gold jade crown and a yellow robe with python patterns. He hurriedly walked over. This person's every movement exuded a great majesty, as if he was born to be in a superior position. Even if his posture was very low, it still gave people the feeling that he was looking at them from a high place.
"So it's Brother Luo Zheng who has come to visit! Sorry for not coming out to meet you! Nice to meet you, nice to meet you! "The person laughed loudly.
"You are?" Luo Zheng frowned and revealed a displeased expression. He was here to look for Su Lingyun. Who the hell was this guy?
"I am the Third Prince, Su Rui! It just so happens that I have arranged a banquet today. Brother Luo Zheng, please come in! " Su Rui was very happy at this moment. He had invited Luo Zheng several times, but was unable to invite this great Buddha. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would actually come knocking on his door himself.
The Third Prince …
If it was an ordinary person, they would definitely kowtow three times and nine times when they saw a member of the Imperial Family.
However, martial artists wouldn't stick to this routine. It must be known that martial artists respected the strong. So what if an Emperor had a magnificent army? If one's strength wasn't enough, taking your head would be as easy as taking something out of one's pocket.
Just like the Sixth Prince, Su Long, who had participated in the Great Peak Competition. However, he was eliminated midway through the competition and didn't receive any preferential treatment because of Su Long's status as a prince.
Su Rui was so attentive that he probably wanted to rope him in. However, Luo Zheng didn't intend to participate in the political maelstrom of the Burning Heaven Palace. Therefore, he said at once, "Third Prince, I didn't come to the Burning Heaven Palace to visit you. I came to look for Her Highness, Princess Changkong."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Su Rui's expression froze slightly.
Meanwhile, the people around Su Rui started yelling.
"Our Third Prince invited you in because he thinks highly of you! Who cares who you're here to visit! "
"I've never seen such an arrogant person. Our Highness has condescended to welcome you, but you don't give him any face. Do you really think you're some big shot …"
Su Rui made a hand gesture and stopped the people behind him from speaking. The smile on his face grew even wider. "Her Highness is resting in her Little Ming Palace. If you want to see her, I can invite her over for you!"
Luo Zheng coldly sized up the people behind Su Rui. Most of them were Xiantian lifeforms, and there were two or three martial artists who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. Then, he said expressionlessly, "Alright, I'll wait for Her Highness here!"