Today, the Third Prince had invited guests to his banquet, and all of them were influential figures.
As soon as Luo Zheng stepped into the hall, he felt several powerful auras. The masters of these auras were obviously Divine Realm powerhouses.
"Quickly give brother Luo Zheng a seat!" After entering the hall, the Third Prince immediately ordered.
Immediately, six or seven maids leisurely walked over, and soon, a square table and a chair were placed in front of Luo Zheng. Fresh fruits and meat were placed on the table.
Since Su Rui had promised to bring Yun Luo here, Luo Zheng naturally sat down and waited. As for whether Su Rui really wanted to win him over, he would just have to deal with him carefully.
Who would have thought that Su Rui was even more anxious than he had imagined. As soon as he sat down, Su Rui returned to his seat, raised his wine glass and said with a smile: "Brother Luo Zheng, you won first place in the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Sect Competition. After learning of this, I have always wanted to pay you a visit, but you were not in the Blue Cloud Sect these past few days, so I didn't have the opportunity to meet you. Today, you have graced me with your presence, and I am deeply honored.
Let me toast you! "At this banquet, many guests showed an unconvinced look on their faces after hearing Su Rui's words. These people were not from the Blue Cloud Sect, but many of them were from noble families, and their strength was not weak. There were several Divine Realm powerhouses among them, but they had never been treated so politely by Su Rui!
Although the Blue Cloud Sect's All-Sect Competition had a great reputation, but these people did not grow up in the Blue Cloud Sect, so they didn't have a strong understanding of the strength of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. So, in their eyes, Luo Zheng was just a little guy of Xiantian third stage.
The Third Prince was so polite because he wanted to show respect to the wise, but he didn't expect this brat to be so pretentious! What the hell!
Many people had the same thought.
Luo Zheng faintly stared at Su Rui and drank first. He hesitated for a moment. He couldn't embarrass Su Rui in front of so many people. Luo Zheng also raised his cup and drank. However, after drinking this cup, Luo Zheng felt that there were some things that he had to clarify. He immediately said, "Your Highness, I came here to look for Princess Changkong, not to visit you!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the faces of many guests at the banquet turned gloomy.
"What are you? It's the Third Prince's honor to give you a position in Feather Star Palace! "
"I've never seen such an arrogant person. Do you know where we are? Imperial Palace! Country bumpkin, you don't understand the situation, do you? "
"The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect don't look like much. They don't know the rules at all. What are they so proud of? Even the number one disciple is like this. I think the Blue Cloud Sect's reputation is undeserved! "
Luo Zheng's words were like poking a hornet's nest. Originally, everyone didn't like him. The Third Prince had already taken the initiative, but he actually said that he wasn't here to visit the Third Prince. Wasn't he looking for a scolding?
Hearing his guests' righteous indignation, Su Rui smiled slightly. He was a very shrewd person. In his opinion, the strong naturally had their own pride. Luo Zheng's performance was not unexpected.
"It's fine. Since you came to my Feather Star Palace, you're my guest," Su Rui said.
"Even if he's your guest, you can't be so rude!"
"Yes, if he really has the strength, then so be it. I'm afraid that he's just pretending to be strong on the outside but weak on the inside!"
While they were discussing, a young man in white stood up from a table. He cupped his hands and said to Su Rui, "Your Highness, since everyone is so interested, I'd like to compare notes with that Luo Zheng!"
"Yes, we've heard the opera and seen the beauty dance. It's boring to just drink here. Why don't we compare notes with each other to liven up the mood?" The other guests saw that someone stood up and immediately took the opportunity to kick up a fuss.
Su Rui nodded again, "Since everyone is so interested, I don't want to spoil everyone's mood. What do you think, Brother Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng frowned and didn't answer immediately. He felt somewhat helpless.
How could he not see through Su Rui's trick? He was testing his strength. But today, he wasn't here to attend the Third Prince's banquet. He was here to find Su Lingyun. He really wasn't that bored to compare notes with someone for no reason.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't answer, the young man in white sneered, "You don't dare? Are you afraid of losing face? You can become the Third Prince's guest. You're all capable. If you lose, you'll have to get out of here obediently! "
"Yes, the Third Prince's seat is not so easy to fight for!"
"The Third Prince doesn't raise a waste of food!"
Seeing these people's impassioned appearance, Luo Zheng sighed slightly. It seemed that they regarded him as a competitor.
The Third Prince should have roped in a lot of forces at present, the most important of which were several branches of the seven noble families, and then these people. The Third Prince's resources were destined to be limited. If he got involved, he was afraid that he would have to divide a part of the Third Prince's resources. Naturally, these people were afraid of him.
The Third Prince allowed these people to provoke him in order to test his strength and see if Luo Zheng was worth roping in.
"If Brother Luo Zheng really doesn't want to compare notes, then forget it. Since you all came to my Feather Star Palace, you're my Third Prince's friends. Don't hurt our friendship because of this!" Su Rui said with a smile.
Su Rui's words sounded like he was helping Luo Zheng to get out of trouble, but in fact, he was secretly provoking him.
The young man in white also shook his head and said while walking to his seat, "Since the Third Prince said so, then forget it. It's boring!"
"The disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect are too cowardly …" Someone else said.
The words were getting more and more unpleasant. Luo Zheng frowned more and more. He seemed to think of something and said with a smile, "Since everyone is in such a good mood, I have nothing to do here. It's not a bad idea to liven things up!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the young man in white suddenly turned his head. A glimmer of light flashed between his eyebrows. Sure enough, he couldn't bear it anymore. He was afraid that Luo Zheng could really endure it! As the Third Prince's guest, how could the young man in white not understand the Third Prince's meaning? He must test Luo Zheng's strength.
"Good! Since Brother Luo Zheng is so generous, I will also open my eyes today. Let's make a bet. If anyone can beat Brother Luo Zheng today, I will reward him with a thousand square crystals! "Su Rui said with a smile.
Hearing Su Rui's words, the warriors at the banquet suddenly became excited.
A thousand square crystals was definitely a huge sum of money for these warriors who weren't born in aristocratic families.
However, Su Rui's move was somewhat unkind. It was obvious that he wanted to drag Luo Zheng into a war of attrition.
"A war of attrition?" Luo Zheng sneered in his heart. He wasn't afraid of a war of attrition. With the body of a Spiritual Tool, his endurance was far beyond that of ordinary warriors. Moreover, since Luo Zheng decided to fight, he would definitely use a heavy hand to deter others. There were probably not many people who would really dare to challenge him.
In the main hall of Feather Star Hall, an open space had been cleared. A thick carpet was spread in the middle. That was the place for the competition.
The young man in white floated in the air. Although he could fly after entering the Divine Reflection Realm, there were still many differences in his flying skills. The young man in white moved gracefully and his body was as flexible as a swallow. After circling in the air, he gently landed on the carpet. Then, he stared at Luo Zheng with provocative eyes.
Luo Zheng walked over on foot, neither hurried nor slow.
The young man in white cupped his hands toward Luo Zheng and said, "Remember my name, I am Zhuo Feiyi! I hate pretentious people the most. If I meet such people, I must beat them until they can't take care of themselves! "
"Pfft …" Hearing Zhuo Feiyi's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but laugh.
Zhuo Feiyi was dressed in white and looked gentle and elegant. His appearance could be considered as a talent, but his words were so vulgar. The huge contrast made Luo Zheng laugh.
"Humph, I hope you can still laugh later!" After Zhuo Feiyi finished speaking, a little bit of dark red True Essence spread out from his hands. The True Essence kept growing along his fingers and finally condensed into ten long claws. At the same time, two wings condensed from True Essence appeared on Zhuo Feiyi's back.
Seeing Zhuo Feiyi's transformation, Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised. Zhuo Feiyi must have some skills to be able to become a distinguished guest of the Third Prince. Zhuo Feiyi should have visualized some kind of bird and turned his True Essence into claws and wings. Then, his specialty should be speed!