Today was a sparring session at the Crown Prince's banquet. Although it was said to liven things up, everyone was still holding back their anger. They felt that Luo Zheng was too arrogant and their anger was directed at Luo Zheng. Seeing Zhuo Feiyi move, everyone cheered.
"Zhuo Feiyi's 《Feiyi Body Art》 is a body art he created himself. It's elusive and untraceable! Let's broaden that kid's horizons! "
"It's best to let Luo Zheng bleed a little! Let him know the immensity of heaven and earth, and let him know that there are no weaklings under the Third Prince! "
"That's for sure. Luo Zheng's reaction is probably not fast enough. He's only at Xiantian Realm Stage Three, so his horizons are limited."
It was undeniable that Zhuo Feiyi's speed was indeed very fast. Not only was he fast, but he was also unusually agile like a swallow. His movements in the air were erratic, sometimes to the left and sometimes to the right. It was very difficult to determine his trajectory and movement.
Luo Zheng was as still as a mountain. He stood calmly in the same place, squinting his eyes slightly to capture Zhuo Feiyi's trajectory.
Since his opponent was empty-handed, Luo Zheng did not choose to use his sword. He waited until Zhuo Feiyi left behind countless afterimages. The moment Luo Zheng closed in on him, he suddenly punched out.
At this moment, Zhuo Feiyi's wings suddenly trembled. He made an incredible turn in the air and avoided Luo Zheng's punch. Then, with a series of afterimages, his sharp claws brushed past Luo Zheng's right side.
"Slash …"
This claw left three claw marks on Luo Zheng's clothes.
"Good! Zhuo Feiyi's' Illusionary Shadow 'is too good! "
"That kid didn't even have the strength to fight back. I thought he was very strong. Is this all the Blue Cloud Sect's number one can do?"
"Blue Cloud Sect? The Holy Land of Martial Arts? Haha, what a joke! Zhuo Feiyi hasn't even used his full strength yet! "
However, at this time, someone came out to speak. The person who spoke was called Huo Gang. He was also a disciple of the Azure Cloud Sect and a top disciple of the Heaven's Fury Peak. However, because he was born from the grassroots, he was roped in by the Third Prince. Although his strength was not bad, martial artists were very lacking in cultivation resources. However, these things could be given to him by the Third Prince. Therefore, he chose to stand on the Third Prince's side.
He who had participated in the Peak competition, but he shook his head and said, "Zhuo Feiyi didn't use his full strength, but Luo Zheng didn't either.... our Blue Blue Sect is not as bad as you think.. Our Blue Blue Cloud sect is..................................
...................... Is Luo Zheng really that powerful? "Someone said unhappily.
"I'm not trying to boost his morale. I'm just telling the truth." Huo Gang stared at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's performance in the Peak competition was too amazing. It left a deep impression on Huo Gang. He would never forget it for the rest of his life.
In fact, Zhuo Feiyi was more shocked at this moment.
The dark red claw in his hand was formed from his Zhen Yuan. Originally, he thought that this claw would be able to tear Luo Zheng's shoulder apart. At the very least, he would be able to leave three deep grooves on it. However, he discovered that Luo Zheng's body was as hard as a steel plate!
No, even if it was a steel plate, it would be crushed by his claw. The strength of Luo Zheng's body was really hard to describe. If it had to be described, its hardness was comparable to some of the spiritual weapon level defensive magic weapons!
How could he have such a strong body?
Was this guy a monster?
Zhuo Feiyi was not a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Strictly speaking, he was a member of the Jianghu.
Warriors in the Eastern Region generally had three ways to grow. The strongest and most outstanding warriors naturally went to the Blue Cloud Sect, such as Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming.
The second way was to join the Emperor Army and grow through blood and fire, such as Gou Hantian, Xun Feilong, and Xing Tiansu.
The worst way was to be a warrior born in the Jianghu. Their inheritance was far inferior to that of the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples. At the same time, they were not like the Emperor Army, who were constantly on the brink of death. Even if they broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm, their strength could only be considered average.
The biggest difference between them and the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples was their vision and foundation.
Just like now, although Zhuo Feiyi had used his speed to attack Luo Zheng, he found that such a sharp attack could not break Luo Zheng's defense at all. He was completely dumbfounded and did not know what to do next!
This was also due to Zhuo Feiyi's lack of foundation. He lacked inheritance in cultivation methods and moves, and his attack methods were too simple.
For example, after Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao noticed Luo Zheng's tyrannical body, they would use other moves to deal with Luo Zheng. Even Zhou Dan would use her trump card, the Song of Righteousness, when she was no match for Luo Zheng's Demonic Phantom.
Zhuo Feiyi's trump card, other than his pair of wings and sharp claws, could not think of a better way to break Luo Zheng's Spiritual Body.
Zhuo Feiyi was depressed. He was riding a tiger and could not get off. He took the initiative to provoke Luo Zheng, but he could not even break his opponent's defense. This was really embarrassing …
"Zhuo Feiyi, go! What are you afraid of? "
"Next time, just tear his stomach apart!"
Zhuo Feiyi was infuriated when he heard these urging words. Motherfucker, all you know is to shout. If you're so good, then go ahead! At this moment, he really wanted to admit defeat.
However, he could feel the Third Prince's gaze on him. If he acted too half-heartedly, then the Third Prince would look down on him. He could only grit his teeth and charge towards Luo Zheng once more. This time, Zhuo Feiyi used his full strength. His entire body transformed into a spiral as he shot towards Luo Zheng.
"Winged Spiral!"
Zhuo Feiyi's spiral attack was a martial skill that he had created himself.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly as he gazed at the direction Zhuo Feiyi was spinning towards. This martial skill seemed to be slightly similar to Yao Ye's Sword Dance, and it could even be considered as a form of the Sword Dance. However, the difference in strength between the two was like the difference between the heavens and the earth. Yao Ye relied on his baleful aura to drive the spiral, whereas, Zhuo Feiyi relied on his Quintessence to drive it.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge or evade Zhuo Feiyi's Winged Spiral. After the battle with Pei Tianyao, Luo Zheng's body had already formed a third spiritual pattern, and the toughness of his body was comparable to a high-grade spirit artifact. So, Zhuo Feiyi was utterly incapable of harming Luo Zheng's body!
Right when Zhuo Feiyi's 10 sharp claws were about to tear Luo Zheng apart, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his arms and assumed a defensive posture.
Everyone instantly laughed when they saw Luo Zheng's actions.
"Luo Zheng was just captured once. Did he not learn his lesson? Zhuo Feiyi's claws are extremely sharp. Coupled with the Winged Spiral, they can even instantly pierce through a steel plate that's a few inches thick, right? "
"His arm is probably going to be crippled! It's going to be torn apart! "
"I've never seen such a stupid martial artist. Can anyone tell me how he managed to become the champion of the Blue Cloud Sect?"
While everyone was fervently discussing and laughing, Zhuo Feiyi's Winged Spiral finally twisted Luo Zheng's arm.
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
Everyone expected Luo Zheng's arm to be torn into pieces, but that didn't happen.
Zhuo Feiyi's claws twisted Luo Zheng's arm, but they couldn't penetrate Luo Zheng's skin at all.
At this moment, the smiles on everyone's faces suddenly froze …
At this moment, the guests at the banquet had the same thought as Zhuo Feiyi. Is this Luo Zheng a f * cking monster?
Usually, when a person's body was described as tyrannical, it meant that his body was extremely powerful. However, no matter how tyrannical a person's body was, there was still a limit. After all, the surface of a person's body was only a thin layer of skin. Below the skin was the flesh and blood, unlike some demonic beasts that had a layer of hard shell. No matter how tyrannical a person's body was, how strong could it be?
Luo Zheng made them understand that a person's body could actually be tyrannical to such an extent. Even if he stood there and let you hit him, you wouldn't be able to hurt him at all!
This was no longer a spar, this was a tease …
Only when the difference in strength was large enough could one have the ability to tease the other party.
Seeing the faint smile on Luo Zheng's face, many guests finally understood that Luo Zheng didn't care about their opinions at all. Because their strength wasn't worth mentioning in front of Luo Zheng!
On the other hand, Su Rui's eyes were shining. This Luo Zheng was really a talent. He must think of a way to recruit him under his banner!
In the beginning, Su Rui wasn't that interested in Luo Zheng's strength. What he cared about was Luo Zheng's reputation. If he could get the first place of the Blue Cloud Sect under his banner, then the Blue Cloud Sect would have a chain effect. Luo Zheng was like a key to prying open the door of the Blue Cloud Sect.
But now, it seemed that Luo Zheng wasn't just a key, he was also a sharp sword! Moreover, Luo Zheng was only seventeen years old. He still had a limitless future!
＝＝＝＝＝