Zhuo Feiyi's spiral attack only lasted for a breath's time before it was shattered by Luo Zheng's punch. Zhuo Feiyi was immediately defeated.
In this kind of situation, it was normal to stop at a certain point. Even if you won by one or two moves, you would win. Moreover, it was completely one-sided right now.
Zhuo Feiyi accepted his loss wholeheartedly. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, there was even a trace of reverence in his eyes. He suddenly felt that Luo Zheng was unfathomable.
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng didn't use any weapons, didn't use any vital energy, and stood still without moving a step. If this wasn't unfathomable, then what was?
In his depression, Zhuo Feiyi even had a trace of longing for the Blue Cloud Sect. He had just entered the Divine Realm, and he still had a chance to enter the Blue Cloud Sect …
What Zhuo Feiyi didn't know was that a genius of Luo Zheng's level was rare in the Blue Cloud Sect.
This year's Blue Cloud Sect could be considered a gathering of geniuses. Three years ago, there was only Li Yifeng, but this year, there were three who jumped out: Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Luo Zheng …
Each was more monstrous than the last.
"Third Prince, your humble subordinate lost to Luo Zheng." Zhuo Feiyi cupped his hands and said to Su Rui.
Su Rui nodded. "Brother Luo Zheng is a rare genius in the Blue Cloud Sect. You don't have to be sad about losing to him!"
Rare genius in a thousand years? Wasn't this too exaggerated? Some warriors were dissatisfied with Su Rui's evaluation. After all, the Eastern Region could produce too many people in a thousand years.
Although Luo Zheng's performance was indeed shocking, there were still many capable people under Su Rui's command, and Zhuo Feiyi wasn't the best among them.
"Third Prince, Song Zhanpeng requests to battle!" Zhuo Feiyi had just sat down when another person stood up. This person was called Song Zhanpeng. He was a burly man who looked like a bandit. His left eye was covered with a black eyepatch. It wasn't clear if it was for decoration or if his left eye was blind.
"Permission granted." Su Rui nodded. His gaze then fell on Luo Zheng.
In Su Rui's opinion, everything in this world could be exchanged.
Luo Zheng was very against him and was unwilling to join his camp. How could Su Rui not know that?
However, he understood that as long as he offered enough benefits, Luo Zheng would be tempted! Luo Zheng was no doubt a genius, but he still needed resources!
The Blue Cloud Sect might put in effort to nurture Luo Zheng, but the more resources a martial artist had, the better. This was where Su Rui's confidence came from.
Su Rui was able to participate in the fight for the throne because of the resources he controlled! Compared to him, the Crown Prince could only be considered a poor man. Even the Seventh Prince Su Xing's grasp of resources was far inferior to his.
Luo Zheng … Do your best to display your strength. The stronger you display your strength, the more I will give you! Su Rui thought to himself.
Facing Luo Zheng, Song Zhanpeng's fierce-looking face immediately trembled. Immediately, he pulled out a blade from his waist. That was a completely black blade, which was actually very rare.
"Brat, I just let you bask in glory. However, you only relied on your tyrannical body. Do you dare to block my black blade?" Song Zhanpeng sneered.
"I don't dare," Luo Zheng expressionlessly shook his head. He was not an idiot. Even if his High Grade Spirit Tool body was incomparably powerful, he would not take the opponent's blade for no reason.
Luo Zheng's reply immediately made Song Zhanpeng choke.
"Since it's like this, then show me your true strength!" Song Zhanpeng finished speaking and leapt up. Both hands grasping the black blade, he slashed towards Luo Zheng's head with mountain-splitting power.
"Heaven Splitting Earth Splitting!"
Facing this blade, Luo Zheng still did not dodge. His legs were firmly nailed to the ground. At the same time, he pulled out the Flowing Light Sword in his hand. At the same time, he rotated his right arm and raised the sword above his head. The blade was horizontal, his palm facing outwards.
"Basic Sword Technique, Sword Parry!"
Luo Zheng's sword technique was one of the basic sword techniques used to defend and counterattack.
When Luo Zheng faced Li Yifeng that day, he did not use the Sword Parry because the Sword Parry was a sword technique that was half defensive and half offensive. After parrying the opponent's attack, he would counterattack. However, Li Yifeng's Falling Petals Sword was too fast. Even if he parried one of Li Yifeng's attacks, he would immediately be met with dozens or hundreds of Li Yifeng's counterattacks.
However, it was different when facing Song Zhanpeng. Song Zhanpeng obviously walked the path of a firm and fierce blade technique. This kind of blade technique was strong and powerful, but it was often only one strike and was not flexible enough. It completely relied on overwhelming power to win.
"You want to block my black blade with that thin sword of yours? Dream on! " Seeing Luo Zheng use the Sword Parry of the basic sword techniques, Song Zhanpeng thought in his heart whether he should use too much strength. If he used too much strength, he was afraid that this brat's sword would be directly cut in half.
However, thinking of Luo Zheng's arrogant appearance, not only did Song Zhanpeng not reduce the strength in his hand, but he increased it by 30%! A turbulent and violent aura came from his body, as if his blade really had the power to split heaven and earth!
"Clang!"
Song Zhanpeng's black blade heavily chopped on Luo Zheng's sword, but the expected effect did not appear. Not only was Luo Zheng unharmed, but even the sword in his hand was not broken. Instead, while Luo Zheng parried his black blade, he turned around and stabbed towards himself.
This stab gave Song Zhanpeng a fright. He did not expect Luo Zheng to have such great strength. Not only did Luo Zheng block his black saber, he even had the strength to stab back at him. How could such a ferocious saber be so easily broken by the simplest basic sword technique?
In a moment of desperation, Song Zhanpeng rolled like a donkey and avoided Luo Zheng's backhand sword. When he got up, his originally dark and red face was already pale.
How could this basic sword technique be so fierce?
For a moment, Song Zhanpeng had a strong illusion. Had he practiced the blade technique for so many years in vain? How could it be broken by someone else's basic sword technique?
"Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap!"
Su Rui suddenly clapped his hands and exclaimed, "I heard that Brother Luo Zheng defeated Li Yifeng with the basic sword technique. I didn't believe it, but after witnessing it today, I finally believe it! I admire you! "
Many swordsmen present also nodded secretly. Luo Zheng's basic sword technique had hidden mysteries, which made these swordsmen feel ashamed of their inferiority. Everyone knew the basic sword technique. Who would dare to use it against the enemy? In the whole world, Luo Zheng was probably the only one who could do it.
In response to Su Rui's praise, Luo Zheng's face didn't have any superfluous expression. He stood firmly in place and still didn't move his feet.
Song Zhanpeng found it hard to accept that his "Big Bang Technique" had been blocked by Luo Zheng's simple sword. Song Zhanpeng was a righteous person, but he had a shortcoming, which was that he loved to save face. Today, he had undoubtedly lost a lot of face.
After thinking for a while, Song Zhanpeng clenched his teeth and reached over his head. He actually took off the blindfold on his left eye.
As a guest of the Third Prince, many people had never seen Song Zhanpeng take off his blindfold. Most people thought that his left eye was blind and that it was a physical defect. Naturally, they wouldn't ask about it. They didn't expect that his left eye under the blindfold was intact.
"Double pupils in one eye!"
There were actually two pupils in his eye, which looked very strange.
It was also the first time that Luo Zheng had seen "Double pupils in one eye". This type of double pupils was also called "Polycoria", which meant that there was a smaller pupil in the middle of a larger pupil.
It was said that people who had "Polycoria" could use that eye to see the enemy's weakness!
However, because there were too few people who had "Polycoria" in this world, it was very difficult to verify the authenticity of these rumors. But since Song Zhanpeng had revealed his "Polycoria", it must have a special ability.
Luo Zheng held the sword in his hand, his state of mind calm. If Song Zhanpeng could see his weakness, it would be better. After all, this could help Luo Zheng see his weakness.
Song Zhanpeng's left eye slightly squinted, and a faint luster flashed in his eye. This luster immediately enveloped Luo Zheng.
Polycoria could help him see the opponent's flaws and weaknesses, but every time he used it, he would have a headache for many days. This was because using Polycoria required a lot of soul power, and Song Zhanpeng didn't have the means to train his soul.
Therefore, under normal circumstances, Song Zhanpeng wouldn't use this ability.
Today, he had no other choice. He didn't want to lose too badly. He had lost face from Luo Zheng, so he had to pick it up from Luo Zheng!