Song Zhanpeng's left eye was black and white.
The black part represented a weakness.
Everyone had a weakness, and even the most abnormal defensive power method had a weak point. If this weak point was attacked fiercely, it would be fatal.
But in Song Zhanpeng's eyes, Luo Zheng's body was completely white, without a trace of black!
This … …
This situation had happened before. Although Song Zhanpeng's polycoria could see through an opponent's weakness, it was not omnipotent. If the opponent's strength was too strong, such as an extreme Illuminating Spirit master, or a high grade defensive magic weapon or weapon, he would not be able to see through it.
But Luo Zheng's cultivation was only at the Xiantian third stage, so why did he have no flaws? Or rather, with his own cultivation, he could not see through Luo Zheng's flaws.
Song Zhanpeng could not understand this kind of thing!
In fact, Song Zhanpeng's polycoria talent was a very powerful talent, but unfortunately, Song Zhanpeng's cultivation talent was not high enough, and his soul was not strong enough. If his talent could reach the level of Zhou Dan or Quan Xiaoyan of the Blue Cloud Sect, then combined with his polycoria talent, he might be able to keep pace with Hua Tianming and the others.
Because his cultivation talent was not strong enough, after he joined the Third Prince's banner, he used all kinds of medicinal pills to nourish himself, and barely broke through to the Illuminating Spirit realm. His foundation was very unstable, and this method of forcibly raising his talent would make it difficult for him to advance in the future.
However, his greatest reliance was his polycoria talent, which was why he was chosen by the Third Prince.
But how could he have imagined that today's opponent was a complete freak!
Song Zhanpeng naturally did not know that after Luo Zheng had cultivated a high-grade spirit tool body, the flaws in his body had become pitifully small. Song Zhanpeng could see through the flaws of martial artists in the Illuminating Spirit realm and below, but he could only see through low-grade spirit tools and weapons.
"Song Zhanpeng, why are you in a daze? Haven't you seen through this boy's weakness? If you can see it clearly, then go and fight! "Someone shouted impatiently.
Many of the guests present were aware of Song Zhanpeng's ability. His polycoria was very powerful, and he could see through his opponent's weakness. How could he fight when his opponent's weakness was seen through? Back then, with just this move, Song Zhanpeng had convinced quite a few people.
Originally, when everyone saw Song Zhanpeng take off the blindfold, they thought that he was going to flip out. When they took the blindfold, they stared blankly at his left eye. What was going on?
After a while, Song Zhanpeng cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Your Excellency is an extraordinary person. I, Song Zhanpeng, am convinced!" After that, Song Zhanpeng returned to his seat without looking back.
"What's going on? Song Zhanpeng directly admitted defeat? We've only exchanged one move! "
"Song Zhanpeng is not a person who will admit defeat. As long as there is a slight possibility of a comeback, he will persist. If he admits defeat, I am afraid that he is really not a match for him!"
"What's so special about Luo Zheng that Song Zhanpeng is afraid of?"
Su Rui's face also showed a trace of surprise. Song Zhanpeng's strength might not be the strongest among the guests present, but his polycoria talent was hard to find in the world. If this person's talent was not so bad, he would definitely be a great help to Su Rui.
"Brother Zhanpeng, can you tell us the reason why you admitted defeat?" Su Rui asked with a smile.
Song Zhanpeng grabbed a glass of wine on the table and said, "Luo Zheng's weakness, I can't see through it. If my guess is correct, Luo Zheng's body is perfect!"
"Perfect body?" Su Rui was surprised.
When everyone heard Song Zhanpeng's words, they were also surprised. Wasn't this evaluation too excessive?
How could there be a perfect thing in this world? In most cases, perfect was just an adjective! Luo Zheng had a perfect body? This joke was too big.
"I can't find any weakness in his body, and his cultivation is only at the Xiantian third stage! Your Highness, do you think this is a perfect body? "Song Zhanpeng said with a serious look on his face.
Su Rui understood Song Zhanpeng's words and nodded. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, his eyes were burning with passion. Although Song Zhanpeng's words might not necessarily be true, but he must recruit such a character under his banner!
"Your Highness, Cang Lang requests to battle!" A silver-haired young man stood up.
But at this time, Luo Zheng said, "Your Highness, I came to see Princess Changkong!"
He was not afraid of a tag-team battle. In fact, until now, Luo Zheng had not moved a single step, and his strength had not been revealed. But he did not come here to spar with the Third Prince's subordinates!
"Don't worry, Brother Luo Zheng, I have already sent people to bring Princess Changkong here, but it will take some time. Brother Cang Lang only wants to spar with you, so please do me the honor." Su Rui said with a slight smile. He had already seen through this point. In any case, only he could bring Su Lingyun here. If he was not willing, then Luo Zheng would not be able to see her at all.
Luo Zheng's complexion sank slightly. He did not speak, but his eyes were filled with annoyance. If he did not use a heavy hand, then these guys would not stop! Thinking of this, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "In that case, Brother Cang Lang, please go on stage!"
When Cang Lang stepped onto the stage and began to spar, Luo Zheng suddenly attacked!
He still relied on his tyrannical body, but this time, more than 50 dragon scales in his body lit up. At the same time, Luo Zheng activated the energy of the phoenix crystal in his right arm.
After his speed suddenly increased, Luo Zheng was like a nimble and swift lynx. Cang Lang originally thought that Luo Zheng would be like the previous two spars, standing there and passively countering his attacks. But in the end, before he was ready to make a move, Luo Zheng was already close at hand.
Cang Lang barely wanted to resist Luo Zheng's attack. After blocking Luo Zheng's fist, Cang Lang's complexion suddenly changed. This power was like the tide of the sea. It was not something he could resist.
"Bang!"
With one move, Cang Lang was sent flying by Luo Zheng, smashing a lot of furniture in Yuxing Palace …
"How dare you!" Seeing this scene, someone shouted at Luo Zheng sternly. Sparring was very different from fighting. It was all about nodding. Luo Zheng didn't intend to show any mercy.
"What? You want to be my opponent? Even if it's a spar, you should be prepared to be beaten. Can't afford to play? I think you'd better stop playing! " Luo Zheng said coldly. If he continued to hold back, there would be no end to today's war of attrition!
Su Rui still smiled and said, "It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Let's enjoy ourselves to the fullest. It's hard to avoid mistakes in a spar." In Su Rui's opinion, the more intense the fight, the better! Only in this way could Luo Zheng show his true strength.
Since Su Rui had said so, more people jumped out to support him.
"Tang Kui requests to fight!"
"Bang!"
He was sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch.
"Yu Xuzi requests to fight!"
"Bang!"
He was sent flying by Luo Zheng again …
"Li Yuchen requests to fight!"
"Bang Bang!"
… …
In half an hour, seven or eight people had been sent flying by Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng's attacks were more ruthless each time.
The first person, Cang Lang, who was sent flying by Luo Zheng, was only in a sorry state. He was not injured. As for the later opponents, they were either vomiting blood or had their ribs broken by Luo Zheng. Although the Third Prince gave them expensive medicinal pills that could help them recover, they still needed to rest for ten days to half a month.
In the end, no one dared to challenge Luo Zheng. It could be said that none of the younger generation under the Third Prince's banner was a match for Luo Zheng.
The ones who could truly suppress Luo Zheng were those extremely powerful old men. Naturally, they would not lower their faces to spar with Luo Zheng.
After using his own methods to intimidate the Third Prince's guests, Luo Zheng once again cupped his hands and said in a cold voice, "Third Prince, if I don't see Princess Changkong, I will take my leave and look for her myself!"
Unfortunately, Su Rui was still unhurried, as if he had already grasped Luo Zheng. He nodded and said, "I have some things for Brother Luo Zheng to take a look at. You should be able to see her after that!"
After speaking, Su Rui clapped his hands.
After a while, a group of women dressed in palace attire walked out from the back of the palace. They were holding brocade boxes of different sizes.
Behind this group of women in palace attire, there were three women dressed in light makeup. These three women were completely naked except for their breasts and underwear, which were covered by two pieces of silver light.
Their appearances were very different from the women of the Eastern Region. Their eyes were sunken, their skin was white, and their legs were smooth and slender. They looked very different. Moreover, because they were wearing very little clothing, they were almost naked. As they walked with enchanting steps, they exuded a primitive and fatal attraction to men.
When they walked out, all the men in the audience stared at the three women. Some of the men with weak willpower had their eyes red and their mouths dry.