Su Rui smiled and pointed to the three incomparably enchanting foreign race women and said, "These three women are from the Western Domain's Zhi Tribe. They are still virgins and have preserved their primordial yin. The primordial yin of these Zhi Tribe women contains a rich blood energy. If you dual cultivate with them and pluck their primordial yin, you can obtain a tremendous blood energy!"
The power of blood energy was of great benefit to a martial artist.
If one's blood energy was vigorous, then even if they were injured, their flesh and blood would recover extremely quickly. Some martial artists with vigorous blood energy could even see their wounds heal at a visible speed.
But if one wanted to strengthen their blood energy, they could only slowly increase it through endless training. Moreover, the speed was extremely slow, and the difficulty was comparable to tempering their soul.
Pills that could strengthen one's blood energy were sold at sky-high prices, just like pills that could strengthen the soul.
But the primordial yin of these three Zhi Tribe women actually contained the power of blood energy!
Not only could one sleep with these enchanting and beautiful women, but they could also pluck their primordial yin to strengthen their own blood energy. This was killing two birds with one stone. Any male martial artist who heard this would find it difficult to restrain their impulses.
The temptation of these three Zhi Tribe women was too strong.
Luo Zheng was just about to speak when Su Rui casually opened a brocade box. Inside this brocade box were three light red crystals. As soon as this brocade box was opened, these three red crystals bloomed with surging true essence!
However, this true essence had not been refined and could be absorbed into the body at any time to replenish one's own true essence.
"Top grade true essence stones can instantly replenish a martial artist's true essence. These top grade true essence stones are the currency circulating in the Central Domain. According to the current market price, the value of a top grade true essence stone is equivalent to the price of a million square crystal stones," Su Rui lightly said, as if these true essence stones were not the best things in the brocade boxes, and the value of the items in the brocade boxes far exceeded these three top grade true essence stones.
The currency circulating in the Eastern Domain was square crystal stones, but the energy contained within these square crystal stones could not be directly absorbed by a martial artist. Instead, it could be used to power things like flying chariots and letter tablets.
If a martial artist wanted to obtain true essence, they could only refine it bit by bit. If they encountered an enemy and didn't have enough true essence, it would be difficult to replenish it in a short period of time.
But true essence stones were different. They contained the purest form of ownerless true essence, and could be easily absorbed into the body. There was simply no need to refine it!
It was mentioned before that a martial artist's true essence came from heaven and earth origin energy. It was a good fortune that they borrowed from the heavens. Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom had been able to 'borrow' and not return it, and this true essence stone was even more thorough. It directly absorbed heaven and earth origin energy, turning it into currency in the Central Domain!
This kind of thing was simply unimaginable in the Eastern Region.
If one were to crush a true essence stone in a time of crisis, they would be able to continuously replenish their true essence and increase the power of their cultivation method by several folds. For some martial artists, a single top grade true essence stone could be their life!
As the Third Prince's guests saw these three top-grade true essence stones, their breathing quickened.
"Third Prince …" Luo Zheng wanted to interrupt Su Rui, but Su Rui simply didn't listen. Instead, he reached out and opened the next brocade box.
Inside the next brocade box was a close-fitting soft hedgehog armor. This soft hedgehog armor's surface shimmered with a bronze light. At a glance, one could tell it was not an ordinary item.
"This soft hedgehog armor is a low-grade immortal step armor! It's a defensive magic treasure. Every thread on it is weaved from Dazzling Gold Silk. It can block out all True Essence! "Su Rui still said indifferently as if he was introducing something insignificant!
A low-grade immortal step defensive magic treasure! Moreover, it could isolate true essence!
Defensive magic treasures were extremely rare, and the value of a low-grade defensive magic treasure was often comparable to a high-grade weapon! The value of this close-fitting soft hedgehog armor was almost equal to a high-grade immortal step weapon.
But in the Eastern Region, there had almost never been a high-grade immortal step weapon. It could be imagined that this close-fitting soft hedgehog armor was simply priceless …
As the guests looked at Luo Zheng, their eyes were filled with deep jealousy.
But what could they do? Who told their strength to be inferior to others? Luo Zheng had just defeated them one by one. Moreover, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian third stage. His future development potential was enormous! It was worth the Third Prince to spend such a large sum of money to win him over.
The problem was that the price seemed to be a bit too high. Moreover, the Third Prince didn't stop, but walked towards the fourth brocade box.
"Third Prince, what do you mean by telling me this? Don't open the rest of the brocade boxes. I don't want to know. "Luo Zheng couldn't dissuade the Third Prince several times, so he could only throw out these words stiffly.
Su Rui's hand that was reaching for the fourth brocade box suddenly stopped. Then, he faintly smiled and said: "Brother Luo Zheng is a sensible person. Can't you see what I mean?"
"Third Prince wants to win me over and join your camp?" Luo Zheng calmly said.
Su Rui smiled and slowly said: "That's right, that's not right. Rather than saying that you want to join my camp, it's better to say that you want to work with me for the great cause of the Empire!"
As he spoke, his eyes shone with a bright light, "If I ascend the throne, I will unify the entire Eastern Domain. I will expand to the extreme south and the northwest. I will expand the territory of the Burning Heaven Empire by ten times! A hundred times! I will become a vast place that is on par with the Central Domain. Brother Luo Zheng, you have a lot of room for growth. In the future, you will certainly become a great help to me. If you and I grow together, we can definitely bring the Eastern Domain to a new glory. "
Su Rui was an extremely ambitious and intelligent person. He could see that Luo Zheng didn't seem to be tempted by his treasures. Therefore, when he persuaded Luo Zheng to join him, he also made a huge promise.
Warriors were also people. They also hoped to leave their names in the annals of history. This kind of promise had a strong attraction to many warriors.
Helping the current Emperor expand his territory and leave a heavy mark in the annals of history for future generations to admire. How glorious would this be?
"I'm sorry, Third Prince. I, Luo Zheng, have no intention of joining any faction," Luo Zheng said coldly.
To Luo Zheng, whether it was the treasures in front of him or his name in the annals of history, they weren't as attractive to him as Su Rui imagined.
Luo Zheng's initial goal in life was to pursue the pinnacle of martial arts. He wanted to stand at the peak of martial arts and see the essence of this world! His other goal was to protect his sister, Luo Yan.
Although Luo Yan was still in the Blue Cloud Sect, according to Shi Jingtian, she might be taken away by that person in the Central Domain one day.
There wasn't much time left for Luo Zheng. He still needed to grow quickly until he could contend against that person! Changing Luo Yan's fate!
Perhaps now, he had another goal in life. That was to protect Su Lingyun. As for whether the Crown Prince, the Third Prince, or the Seventh Prince would take the throne, he didn't care at all.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Su Rui's faint smile froze on his face. His originally smiling face became somewhat solemn.
The other guests glared angrily. Some people couldn't control themselves and started cursing on the spot.
From their point of view, Su Rui was already showing enough respect to Luo Zheng. Not counting the boxes that had yet to be opened, which one of the three boxes wasn't a heavenly treasure? Even the seven noble families wouldn't be able to take out these things as gifts!
"Luo Zheng, you don't know how to appreciate our kindness! Our Highness is showing such kindness and you actually dare to reject him? Who do you think you are? No matter how talented you are, you can only contend against someone who has just entered the Divine Realm! To our Highness, you are nothing! "
"Any random Divine Realm expert can take care of you. Do you really think you can help our Highness?"
"Brat, I know you are trying to grasp our Highness' bottom line and want to bargain for more. But let me tell you, you can't be too greedy. Greedy people often end up in a miserable state."
Several guests loudly berated.
In the end, Su Rui stopped them. At this moment, Su Rui's expression was somewhat complicated.
He could see that Luo Zheng's attitude was very firm. Or rather, he had thought too simply of human nature. He originally thought that there was no deal in this world that couldn't be completed. As long as the price was high enough, the other party would definitely be moved. But now, it seemed that he was too naive.
However, Su Rui truly cherished talent. Su Rui still didn't give up.
He was thinking, thinking about what Luo Zheng cared about.
Soon, Su Rui's eyes suddenly lit up. He understood that he had grasped Luo Zheng's weakness.
Because he had always wanted to use treasures to win over Luo Zheng, Su Rui had neglected a very important person. That was Su Lingyun!
(There is one more update before 12 o 'clock, and then one more at around 1 o' clock. Those who can't wait, rest early. Have a good weekend! I envy you guys for being able to rest!)
＝＝＝＝＝