Ever since Luo Zheng entered Yuxing Palace, he didn't pay attention to anything here. The only reason he stayed here was to wait for Su Lingyun.
Su Rui's intelligence network had already investigated the relationship between Su Lingyun and Luo Zheng. When Su Lingyun was in Xiao Yufeng, she was Luo Zheng's mentor.
What Su Rui couldn't figure out was why Luo Zheng was so concerned about Su Lingyun just because she was his mentor?
However, Su Rui didn't need to figure it out. He only needed to know that Luo Zheng cared a lot about Su Lingyun.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to the guests' words. Instead, he said to Su Rui, "Third Prince, it's been a long time. Why haven't I seen Princess Changkong yet? Could it be that Third Prince planned to tease me from the beginning? "
"Don't worry, Her Highness will be here soon!" Su Rui's smile returned to his face. He seemed to have more confidence in making Luo Zheng stay.
… …
… …
Inside Xiaoming Palace, the lamps emitted a soft light.
Changming Palace, which used to be bustling with noise and excitement, was now deserted.
Except for the palace maids, no one else was allowed to approach Xiaoming Palace.
It didn't feel good to be under house arrest. These days, Su Lingyun was bored and even asked an older palace maid for advice on Su Embroidery.
Her nimble fingers twirled the silver needles and pulled the colorful threads back and forth on a piece of snow-white satin. With Su Lingyun's talent, learning Su Embroidery was too easy.
On the snow-white satin, a flower-like pattern was slowly outlined. The pattern was neat, round, and colorful. The standard of the pattern was much better than the palace maid who was good at Su Embroidery.
She stared blankly at the pattern on the snow-white satin and felt a little depressed. It was really scary when she was bored …
The Peak Competition should have ended, right?
What kind of results did Luo Zheng achieve in the Peak Competition?
Top 100?
Su Lingyun was already very satisfied with this result. Thinking of this, Su Lingyun smiled brightly. If Luo Zheng could enter the top 100, Xiao Yufeng's ranking would rise by a few places.
To be able to pick Luo Zheng out of so many disciples, she seems to have a discerning eye. In fact, staying on the Xiao Yufeng as a mentor is far better than my current situation.
If she hadn't left Xiao Yufeng back then, the political struggles in the palace probably wouldn't have involved her.
But she couldn't just sit by and do nothing. The Crown Prince was her brother.
Unfortunately, even if she returned to the Burning Sky Palace, she was powerless to change the overall situation. The Crown Prince's Eastern Palace had already been sealed. Although the Third Prince said that it was to protect the Crown Prince's safety in name, in reality, he had placed the Crown Prince under house arrest. As the Crown Prince's younger sister, Su Lingyun, the Princess Changkong who was most doted on by Su Qian, also enjoyed the same treatment.
So boring …
It would be great if she could go stroll around the Blue Cloud Sect!
She casually flung her hand, and that snowy satin was accurately draped onto a hanger. As it turned out, this snowy satin was already a nearly finished white robe, but she did not know who she was weaving it for …
Barefoot, she walked on the glossy floor. She had a belly full of anger, and there was no one to vent it on. Su Lingyun already could not endure. Perhaps after a while, she would wield the Three Chi Red Hero Dagger and fight to the death with those old eunuchs in the palace!
Just at this moment, a voice suddenly came from outside the hall.
"Princess Changkong, His Highness the Third Prince requests your presence!"
Su Lingyun's long eyelashes blinked. At this time, that guy Su Rui wants to find me?
Just what is the matter? He can't be thinking of getting rid of me right now, right? Su Lingyun's face showed a slight sneer.
Logically speaking, that should not be the case. The struggle between Su Rui and Su Xing had not yet ended. Although Su Rui's resources were robust, and the people supporting him were many, Su Xing had that group of old eunuchs standing behind him. This group of old eunuchs normally very rarely showed themselves, but indeed, they were a group of old fellows that could not be ignored.
Before a victor was decided between these two fellows, she and Big Brother ought to be safe.
But at this time, just what is he inviting me over for? He can't be thinking of reminiscing about old times with this half-sister of mine, right?
The imperial family's familial love was very apathetic. In the event that a struggle occurred, it would often be either you die or I die. This trace of blood relation basically could not change anything …
Carrying all sorts of doubts, Su Lingyun draped herself in a dark phoenix robe and walked out of the Xiaoming Palace. Counting back and forth, it had already been a very long time since she had stepped out of the Xiaoming Palace.
At this moment, Su Lingyun unexpectedly had a sort of feeling of being released from prison. As her imagination ran wild, she could not help but shake her head. Truly lamentable, the grand Princess Changkong unexpectedly fell into this sort of predicament. Truly, a phoenix in distress was inferior to a chicken.
Walking along the winding paths of the imperial palace, she even opened her chest to breathe in this free air. House arrest truly was torturous.
Not a moment later, Su Lingyun finally arrived at the Feather Star Hall. Seeing the brilliance of the Feather Star Hall, Su Lingyun did not feel the slightest bit surprised. Su Rui sang every night, continuously roping in outside powers to increase his bargaining chips.
And the Seventh Prince Su Xing was much more indifferent. Other than having dealings with several of the Seven Great Noble Clans' clan heads, he very rarely paid attention to these Jianghu people. The two people's strategies were different, and it could not be said who was stronger or weaker. Everything still had to wait for the final result to be clear.
After entering the Feather Star Hall, Su Lingyun searched for Su Rui's people. Being under house arrest for so long, she naturally had to dig at him. She clearly knew she was not his opponent, but as a little girl, moving her mouth was simply a matter at her fingertips.
But when she searched the crowd, she suddenly saw a familiar figure.
That figure was indeed very familiar. When her eyes swept over that person's face, her pair of beautiful eyes suddenly widened!
Luo Zheng?
Why is he here?
Did he seek refuge with the Third Prince?
An ominous feeling rose in Su Lingyun's heart.
In fact, in Su Lingyun's view, whether or not Luo Zheng sought refuge with the Third Prince did not change anything. The Third Prince's side was full of talented people. Even among the ordinary retainers, there were many Divine Realm experts. With Luo Zheng's current strength, the Third Prince would not put him in an important position.
But Su Lingyun felt very uncomfortable. She felt betrayed.
Su Lingyun remembered the words she said to Luo Zheng. She trusted him so much that she even hoped that Luo Zheng could create some miracles in the future. If he could grow up in the future, he could help her turn the situation around.
Now that she thought about it, it seemed that she was still naive. She was already twenty years old, no longer a little girl. Unexpectedly, she trusted a little guy so easily.
Perhaps it was because she had been under house arrest for too long, but Su Lingyun had become somewhat sentimental. She was happy and angry at the same time. Seeing Luo Zheng standing beside Su Rui, she felt wronged!
It was as if she had groomed an elite, but in the end, she had to give it to someone else. This kind of feeling would make anyone uncomfortable. Even though Su Lingyun also understood that she had nothing to lose, she could not pin her hopes on Luo Zheng to reverse the situation.
"Instructor Su!" Luo Zheng naturally did not know that Su Lingyun could have so many thoughts in an instant. But when he saw that Su Lingyun was unharmed, his eyes were filled with joy.
To Luo Zheng, Su Lingyun was not his instructor. Instead, she was more like a dear elder sister. He had relied on her to escape from danger several times. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng rushed to Burning Sky Palace without stopping after returning to the imperial capital.
He had to repay Su Lingyun's kindness!
Su Lingyun's beautiful eyes seemed to have condensed a layer of frost. She coldly replied, "What?"
If you rely on the Third Prince, then I'm no longer important to you, right? Why did you ask me to come? Did you want to show off your relationship with Su Rui?
"Are, are you alright?" Seeing Su Lingyun's cold response, Luo Zheng was momentarily stunned. He did not know what to say next.
Su Lingyun coldly laughed, "Good, very good! I was originally a member of Burning Sky Palace. What's wrong with living in my own home? "
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a puzzled expression. He looked at Su Lingyun, as if he wanted to find an answer from her cold face. But he could not understand. What was wrong with Su Lingyun? Why did she have such an attitude of keeping people a thousand miles away? Was it good to be under house arrest?