Seeing Luo Zheng's slightly uneasy appearance, Su Lingyun also felt a little strange. However, she preconceived that Luo Zheng had sided with Su Rui, so she misunderstood.
"But, I heard that you were under house arrest. I came today to take you out!" Luo Zheng suddenly said with a firm gaze.
Luo Zheng didn't know why Su Lingyun was upset, but when he thought of his own purpose, he must carry it out! Even if Su Lingyun didn't want to, he wouldn't change easily. This was Luo Zheng's character.
"Take me out?" Su Lingyun was stunned, "Can you do it?"
In Su Lingyun's view, even if Luo Zheng sided with Su Rui, Su Rui wouldn't put him in an important position. After all, Su Rui had too many capable people around him. He didn't lack Luo Zheng. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he didn't have this ability!
"I haven't done it. How would I know?" Luo Zheng replied.
At this time, Su Rui suddenly laughed and walked over, "Brother Luo Zheng, it's not impossible to take Su Lingyun away!"
It's not impossible? Su Lingyun's heart jumped! She thought she heard wrong.
The political struggles within the royal family were all about exterminating every single one of them! She didn't believe that Su Rui would let her go so easily.
But why did Su Rui say such words? Luo Zheng had so much power to make Su Rui give in?
Su Rui nodded and said to Su Lingyun, "But, there's a condition!"
Hearing Su Rui's words, Luo Zheng's face darkened. He knew what kind of conditions Su Rui was going to ask for.
Luo Zheng could understand, but Su Lingyun couldn't. She asked, "What condition?"
"Sister, if Brother Luo Zheng is willing to join me, I can let you leave Xiaoming Palace!" Su Rui said seriously.
What? Su Lingyun was stunned. Luo Zheng didn't rely on Su Rui? And Su Rui actually used his freedom in exchange for Luo Zheng's participation? What was going on? Su Lingyun was completely confused … She was confused by her own complicated thoughts.
Of course, Su Rui didn't care about what Su Lingyun was thinking. He had his own judgment.
In fact, Su Lingyun wasn't an important person. She might have some connections among the seven noble clans, and these connections could be of help to the Crown Prince. However, the situation had reached this point. The seven noble clans had already chosen sides, and the Crown Prince had become a decoration. There was no possibility of a comeback.
Therefore, even if he let Su Lingyun go, it didn't matter at all. As long as the Crown Prince was still in his hands, there wouldn't be much of a problem.
Letting go of Su Lingyun in exchange for Luo Zheng's participation was definitely a good deal for Su Rui. With the help of Luo Zheng, he could pry open the door of the Blue Cloud Sect. If he could get the help of the Blue Cloud Sect, then the overall situation would be set. He would definitely win.
However, Su Lingyun wasn't tempted by Su Rui's condition. She was just confused for a while. She suddenly asked Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, I still don't know your ranking in this Peak Competition."
She didn't know why. Maybe it was her inference, or maybe it was a woman's intuition. The problem must be in the Peak Competition. Why would Luo Zheng's participation be able to exchange for her freedom? Unless … Luo Zheng obtained an amazing result in the Peak Competition, which was enough to attract Su Rui's attention.
But even the top 100 couldn't attract Su Rui's attention at all. The top 50? No, the top 20 was barely enough. But it wasn't enough for Su Rui to propose such a condition. The top 10? The top 5? The top 3?
Su Lingyun thought her inference was ridiculous, so she could only ask Luo Zheng.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng touched his head and said softly, "I won the first place in the Peak Competition."
"First place …"
Su Lingyun was probably the last person to know the answer. At the same time, she was also the one who was most shocked.
After all, she had always been the one who cared about Luo Zheng the most and hoped that Luo Zheng could achieve good results. Moreover, she was Luo Zheng's mentor.
Unfortunately, she was locked in Xiaoming Palace and couldn't go out. She couldn't receive any news from the outside world. Every time she thought about it, she could only make inferences silently in her heart.
But Luo Zheng suddenly said "first place". Although this sentence wasn't loud, it was like a clap of thunder exploding in Su Lingyun's mind. Her shock could be imagined!
Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't lie. But this kind of thing, if it wasn't announced by the Blue Cloud Sect, or if she directly observed the Qingyun List, or if she saw it with her own eyes, it was really hard to believe.
Luo Zheng's strength seemed to have improved. Now he was already in the Xiantian third stage. Su Lingyun could tell at a glance. The problem was, so what if he was in the Xiantian third stage? How could he compete with the top disciples of the 33 peaks? How could he compete with those personal disciples?
Su Lingyun didn't believe it, but she had to believe it. Only this could explain why Su Rui proposed such a condition!
If Luo Zheng really won the first place in the Blue Cloud Sect, and Su Lingyun stood in Su Rui's position, she would make the same choice!
So Su Rui's words actually supported Luo Zheng's words.
When Su Lingyun was bored in Xiaoming Palace, she once calculated that Luo Zheng might be able to enter the top hundred. What was his rank? Ninety something? Or eighty something? She didn't know how many times she had made this kind of boring speculation. Now it seemed that she wasn't even accurate once. Moreover, she was ridiculously wrong.
Luo Zheng's achievement should be enough to attract the attention of the Sect Leader, right?
Then he came to Fentian Palace today, could he take her away?
Su Lingyun's heart beat rapidly. She could even hear her own heartbeat.
Luo Zheng turned his head and said to Su Rui, "Your Highness, I've already made it very clear to you. I won't join either side."
Su Rui seemed to have expected this. He said with a calm expression, "Then do you think you can take the Princess away?"
Hearing the faint threat in Su Rui's words, Luo Zheng took out his Flowing Light Sword with a "whoosh" sound. He said with a serious expression, "I've never thought that I could take Su Lingyun away without killing. Since Your Highness thinks that I don't have this ability, then I can't help but prove it!"
Hearing Luo Zheng directly call her name, Su Lingyun's heart moved slightly. A strange feeling rose in her heart. Didn't this guy always call her Mentor Su? Why did he suddenly call her by her name?
Luo Zheng held his sword in one hand, while his other hand directly held Su Lingyun's hand. He said, "Let's go!"
Directly holding the Princess's hand was a very offensive action, but Su Lingyun didn't feel the slightest bit of disgust. She followed behind Luo Zheng.
However, they hadn't taken two steps when an old man appeared at the entrance of Feather Star Palace. The old man wasn't very tall. He had a sharp hooked nose and looked very ferocious. A great pressure was emitted from his body.
"Luo Zheng, I do admire you, but this doesn't mean you have a reason to look down on me. As a Xiantian Realm expert, you can challenge a Divine Reflection Realm expert. None of my guests at the banquet today can be your opponent. But do you think you can take her away safely?" Su Rui spread his hands and said.
"Divine Reflection Realm?" Luo Zheng frowned and stared at the old man.
The old man's face was expressionless. He just blocked their way. However, a Divine Reflection Realm expert gave people a great pressure just by standing there. It was as if they could kill people with just their eyes. Being stared at by this kind of eyes, Luo Zheng felt sweat rise from his back.
It had been a long time since someone gave him such a strong pressure.
"Su Rui, do you dare to kill me?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
Su Rui calmly shook his head. "Of course I don't. You are now the number one of the Blue Cloud Sect. If I kill you, how can I explain it to Shi Jingtian?"
"If you don't dare to kill me, then why are you stopping me today?!" As Luo Zheng spoke, he turned around and used a Collapsing Sword. This Collapsing Sword was the full power of the phoenix crystal on his right arm. At the same time, all the dragon scales on his body lit up. This was almost his full strength attack!
Before Li Yifeng had reached the Divine Reflection Realm, Luo Zheng could only compete with him in sword moves. However, this old man was a Divine Reflection Realm expert. Although this old man's talent and foundation weren't as heaven-defying as Li Yifeng's, someone who could reach the Divine Reflection Realm couldn't be weak! The difference between Luo Zheng and the old man was too great!