Seeing Luo Zheng's menacing sword, the old man's eyes flashed with a strange light.
In fact, even the strongest expert would feel strange seeing Luo Zheng's strange and exquisite "Basic Swordsmanship".
Strange didn't mean that it couldn't be broken. The absolute difference in strength was too great, and even the most exquisite moves couldn't make up for it.
Facing Luo Zheng's Collapsing Sword, the old man's short body flipped over. At the same time, his back was facing Luo Zheng. At the same time, a short spear swept towards Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword!
"Clang!"
The tip of the short spear collided with Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword, producing a crisp sound. The old man's short spear sank slightly. Obviously, he didn't expect Luo Zheng's long sword to contain such strength. His expression sank slightly, and he sneered. Gray True Essence poured into the short spear, and he relied on the power of True Essence to forcibly repel Luo Zheng's sword!
Luo Zheng had just retreated, and without taking a breath, the sword in his hand swept towards the old man again!
One sword, two swords, three swords, four swords …
Each sword was exquisite beyond compare, and he performed the Basic Swordsmanship to the extreme, but it was useless. He was still directly broken by the old man's True Essence.
Luo Zheng's expression became more and more gloomy. His realm was still too low ….
Even if his swordsmanship was better than his opponent's spear, his opponent simply ignored his swordsmanship.
This was equivalent to a highly skilled boxer fighting with a two meter tall brawny man. At this time, his skills couldn't display the power that they should have.
However, Luo Zheng didn't give up. Each sword was fiercer than the last, and each sword was fiercer than the last. Beads of sweat slowly seeped out of his forehead.
Women all liked to fantasize. Even Su Lingyun was no exception.
She had imagined countless scenes, but she never thought that this scene would happen.
Her hand was held tightly by Luo Zheng. Her palm felt damp. It was the sweat of Luo Zheng and her.
Seeing Luo Zheng's long sword slashing out with dazzling silver light, Su Lingyun felt incomparably gratified. Although Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng was not the old man's opponent, he was actually able to fight against the old man. This young man had grown so fast …
Half a year ago, he had been suppressed by Wang Yanmiao, a disciple who had just entered the Radiant Spirit Realm. But now, he had the courage to face off against a peak Radiant Spirit expert.
It was fine even if she did not leave the Burning Sky Palace. Perhaps it was enough to see him like this.
After attacking for a long time without success, Luo Zheng became more and more anxious. On the other hand, the old man became more and more relaxed. The old man's short spear had practically locked down Luo Zheng's every move. His short spear had formed a cage that firmly restrained Luo Zheng.
A trace of mockery appeared on the old man's face. He was already in complete control of the situation. This kid was still too inexperienced. It was impossible for him to escape from his spear cage.
Just as he was feeling pleased with himself, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. A figure instantly charged out of his body. At the same time, Yao Ye flicked Blooddrinker Sword out of his spatial ring. He grabbed it and stabbed it at the old man!
This scene happened very suddenly. From the moment Yao Ye took out the sword to the moment he stabbed, everything happened in practically an instant.
As a peak Radiant Spirit expert, how sharp were the old man's senses? Even though he had locked down Luo Zheng's sword with his spear, he was still able to handle it with ease. If there was any movement or if someone was approaching, he would still be able to divert his attention to deal with it.
However, never had the old man imagined that someone would charge out from within Luo Zheng's body. It was truly unexpected.
The old man was even more surprised and bewildered because this person emanated dense baleful energy!
So, the old man didn't choose to counterattack at the first possible moment, and he raised his short spear with the intention of blocking Yao Ye's sword.
The problem was that the old man's short spear was only a low-grade Immortal Artifact.
Even though the old man possessed a strength at the peak of the Radiant Spirit Realm, spear type weapons were comparatively rare, and mid-grade Immortal Rank short spears were even rarer. So, it was obvious how difficult it was to obtain a mid-grade Immortal Rank short spear.
On the other hand, the sword in Yao Ye's hand was at the mid-grade of the Immortal Rank. Not to mention that Yao Ye mainly cultivated in a technique that was related to baleful energy, so it was even more formidable!
The sharp Blooddrinker Sword struck the wooden short spear, and then a wisp of red light erupted from it. After that, the low-grade Immortal Rank short spear was instantly slashed into two by Blooddrinker Sword!
The old man's reaction was extremely swift as well. At the instant the short spear was slashed into two, he forcefully pulled his figure back. However, Blooddrinker Sword had still stabbed into the old man's chest, causing a string of blood to spray out! The old man retreated madly while Yao Ye pursued him relentlessly. Every single step of her delicate figure seemed like an extremely beautiful dance as she pursued the old man!
"Let's go!"
Even though the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye's sword dance, was exquisite and very formidable, he wasn't a match for the old man. He'd merely caught the old man off guard, and if the old man was able to recover, then he would definitely be unable to resist the old man's attacks.
Luo Zheng held Su Lingyun's hand as he dashed forward. Su Lingyun sensed a strand of extremely strong force dragging her along, and she didn't even have to move as she felt like she was soaring through the clouds ….
All along the way, a vermillion red wall lay before them. The walls of the Imperial Palace were painted with vermillion red paint like this, and they were around a meter thick. However, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. As soon as he approached the wall, he suddenly smashed open a huge hole.
Luo Zheng was anxious and uneasy. He was like a trapped beast, and he raised his strength and speed to their limits. On the other hand, there was a wisp of a smile on the corners of Su Lingyun's eyes as she stood behind him.
She'd been trapped in Minor Light Palace for many days, so she felt extremely happy and delighted when she saw Luo Zheng's strength. She seemed like a drunk person, and she just followed behind Luo Zheng and silently gazed at his broad figure. It seemed like it wasn't important whether they were able to leave Heaven Burn Palace or not.
Most importantly, Su Lingyun was clearly aware that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to leave with her ….
"Third Prince, let us stop him!"
The guests of Starwing Hall volunteered themselves.
However, Su Rui turned a deaf ear to them, and he stared fixedly at Yao Ye who was in battle with Uncle Ya.
The old man was called Uncle Ya, and he was one of Su Rui's trusted aides. Moreover, he could be considered to be a senior of Su Rui's.
When Yao Ye's sword dance attacked abruptly, it really did cause Uncle Ya to be in a flurry. Especially when his short spear had been slashed into two, so it was quite difficult for him to resist Yao Ye's sword dance.
However, after a few tens of moves, Uncle Ya was still able to rely on his dense True Essence to take control of the situation, and he grew more and more courageous as the battle progressed. Waves of gale from his palms and strands of True Essence forcefully resisted Yao Ye's' Sword Dance 'and successfully forced Yao Ye back.
Right at this moment, a red glow flashed in Yao Ye's eyes that were suffused with a ferocious aura, and then he transformed into a speck of red light that swept Blooddrinker along as he shot violently towards the exit of Starwing Hall. Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, and their hearts were connected. So, Luo Zheng immediately summoned Yao Ye back when he knew that he was no match for Yao Ye.
Uncle Ya cupped his hands towards Su Rui and said, "Your Highness, I'll pursue Luo Zheng right now."
Su Rui shook his head and said, "There's no need for that! Such a huge commotion from before has probably alarmed many people. I've already sent a voice transmission to Senior Hen Shui. "
"Senior Hen Shui? Your Highness, there's no need to alarm him, right? "The old man was slightly stunned.
Su Rui laughed coldly and said, "There really wasn't any need for that in the past. However, those damnable eunuchs wanted to join in the fun as well. So, what could I do?"
The old man frowned. Obviously, he understood what Su Rui meant. If those eunuchs were to join in the fun, then this matter would be slightly troublesome indeed.
"Come with me. It'll probably be slightly troublesome tonight!" Su Rui floated in midair and flew out of Starwing Hall. Even though Su Rui hadn't joined the Blue Cloud Sect, his natural talent wasn't bad as he was the strongest prince in the sect. Moreover, the resources he'd obtained since a young age weren't inferior to any elite disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, so he'd stepped foot into the Soul Illumination Realm a long time ago.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Wall after wall was blasted into pieces by Luo Zheng.
Countless palace maids and eunuchs cried out as he ran madly through the imperial palace.
At the moment of impact, Luo Zheng also used the power of vibration. The moment he touched the wall, his body began to vibrate violently with a very small amplitude. Therefore, when he hit the wall, the damage caused was very large. A casual hit could create a large hole that was more than two people tall.
As a result, Luo Zheng's head and face were covered in dirt and dust. However, he was in stark contrast to Su Lingyun, who was behind him. Su Lingyun wasn't stained by a single speck of dust.
"Why is the Burning Sky Palace so big!" Luo Zheng was a little depressed. He'd run in a straight line. Along the way, he'd smashed through dozens of walls, but he still hadn't rushed out of the Burning Sky Palace.
"Feather Star Hall is on the front left of the Burning Sky Palace. You're running in the direction of the Burning Sky Palace. If you continue to run in this direction, I'm afraid you'll run through the entire Burning Sky Palace. Naturally, you'll feel that the Burning Sky Palace is very big," Su Lingyun said slowly with a charming smile.
Luo Zheng fainted when he heard this. "My great aunt, you should've said so earlier!" Luo Zheng was depressed. After all this time, he was actually going deeper into the Burning Sky Palace …
"It's fine …" Su Lingyun said in a low voice.
"Why is it fine? If it was in another direction, we would've already run out of the Burning Sky Palace!" While they were talking, Luo Zheng smashed through another wall and entered an exquisite garden. This garden was filled with birds and fragrant flowers. It was as beautiful as a paradise on earth.
Under one of the willow trees sat a young man with a purple crown on his head. There was a zither in front of the young man. His slender fingers were gently plucking the zither strings. A sorrowful zither melody reverberated in the air.
Looking at the young man, Luo Zheng's footsteps suddenly stopped. He wasn't afraid of the young man. The young man's strength was only at the early stage of the Divine Realm. Luo Zheng didn't care about this kind of strength.
However, there were three people standing beside the young man. The three of them wore coarse cloth archery clothes and had white jade hooked black belts.
Luo Zheng couldn't see through the strength of these three people. The aura emitted by the two on the left and right was slightly weaker than Elder Xu's. The aura of the person in the middle was even stronger than Elder Xu's. Among the experts that Luo Zheng had seen, he was second only to Shi Jingtian!
"I already said it's fine. Because I already knew that you wouldn't be able to bring me out of the Burning Sky Palace …" Su Lingyun said with a slight smile.
Thank you for the monthly ticket reward. The second update will be before 12 o 'clock. The other two updates, even if you don't sleep, you have to get them out!
＝＝＝＝＝