Placing the Crown Prince and Princess Changkong under house arrest was not the Third Prince's idea alone. There was also the Seventh Prince's order.
In fact, the Crown Prince's power was just like a useless chess piece, but they could not casually throw it away. After all, the struggle for the throne had not yet been decided. The Third Prince Su Rui and the Seventh Prince Su Xing were both unwilling to take action against the Crown Prince.
Before the two had decided a victor, whoever took action against the Crown Prince first would inevitably be attacked by the other. The title of deposed Crown Prince would not look good on anyone.
In the future, if they truly had the absolute advantage and then deposed the Crown Prince, at that time, no one would dare jump out to speak.
That young man wearing the purple crown on his head calmly stroked the guqin. The guqin's sound was sometimes resounding and clear, and sometimes it was full of worry. It sounded quite charming.
"Who is he?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Seventh Prince, Su Xing," Su Lingyun replied.
Hearing Su Lingyun's words, Su Xing stopped stroking the guqin. Instead, he used a clear voice to smile: "Elder Sister Lingyun, good evening!"
Su Lingyun twitched her mouth, unhappily replying: "Good evening, Imperial Brother!"
"This night, I heard the noise inside the Burning Heaven Palace. It made it difficult for me to sleep, so I came out to play a song. I wonder if Elder Sister Lingyun and that friend beside you are interested in listening to the end?" Su Xing smiled and said.
"Not interested!" Luo Zheng directly replied. He did not feel like wasting time with this young man. He could tell at a glance that this talkative guy was not a good person. After saying this, Luo Zheng pulled Su Lingyun back into the hole in the wall, looking for another way out.
However, Luo Zheng had just moved when he heard a gust of wind. The hole that Luo Zheng had smashed apart had two more people!
These two people's figures were unexpectedly so strange. Luo Zheng basically could not see how they moved, as if they were originally standing here!
But these two people were still at Su Xing's side just now!
"His Highness the Seventh Prince is rarely in such a good mood. Would the two of you please stop?" One of them spoke with a sharp voice. The voice was surprisingly like a woman's.
Being blocked, Luo Zheng's face darkened. "So it's two damn eunuchs!"
In the Burning Sky Palace, being a eunuch wasn't a scolding word. In fact, being a eunuch was an official position, and not everyone could become a eunuch! To be able to become a eunuch, one must be a powerful figure!
If Luo Zheng had said, "So it's just two eunuchs," these two eunuchs might not have gotten angry.
However, when Luo Zheng called them two damned eunuchs, their faces immediately turned ugly. After all, their strength wasn't ordinary. Their strength might not be comparable to Elder Xu's, but they could still fight against the ordinary elders of the Blue Cloud Sect!
This kind of strength was definitely at the top of the pyramid in the Eastern Region.
"Boy, His Royal Highness the Seventh Prince is in a good mood today, otherwise, you wouldn't be able to stand and talk. Xiantian third stage, do you really think you are a big shot?" One of the eunuchs sneered and said.
"Well, I, Luo Zheng, am not a big shot, but I can carry on my ancestral line!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Puchi." Su Lingyun's face showed a smile, but her face was still somewhat red. Luo Zheng was making fun of other people's flaws, wasn't it too sinister?
As a eunuch, it was necessary to castrate a man, which was to say, break his manhood. However, breaking a man's manhood was not only a bad thing, because without his manhood, he could seal his Yang Yuan and practice some special power techniques.
Eunuchs would not indulge in the affairs between men and women. In the palace, in addition to serving their masters, they would wholeheartedly practice. The eunuchs of the Burning Sky Palace had always been a group of people that couldn't be ignored, and there were many experts among them!
However, without a man's manhood, it was a disgraceful thing, and almost all of the eunuchs had a reverse scale that couldn't be touched.
Luo Zheng had said it in front of them, so how could these two eunuchs not be angry?
"You! Die! "
As expected, one of the eunuchs suddenly was unable to contain his anger. Swinging his hand, three seven inch long black needles shot towards Luo Zheng.
Those black needles clearly were not ordinary items. The inside of the black needles seemed to be concentrated with a kind of very strange True Essence. That True Essence was like a viper's tongue, revolving around the black needles and continuously expanding.
How could Luo Zheng not feel the power contained within these black needles?
But this eunuch's strength was too strong, strong to the point that Luo Zheng was completely unable to contend against him. Although he made evasive movements, when he began to dodge, the three black needles already shot towards him.
"Ding, ding, ding!"
When these three black needles shot towards Luo Zheng's front, they nevertheless let out three crisp sounds.
In front of Luo Zheng, there seemed to appear an invisible energy barrier, blocking the three black needles. Those black needles struck the energy barrier, but without penetrating in the slightest, they fell to the ground.
"Wang Xi, you cannot kill him." That eunuch with the strongest aura behind Su Xing coldly said. Clearly, the energy barrier just now was created by him.
Su Lingyun's face was suffused with a slight sneer. Even if this eunuch shot three black needles that were enough to be fatal, she was not too worried because she clearly understood that Su Xing did not dare do anything to Luo Zheng.
Since Luo Zheng obtained first place in the All-Peak Competition, then Luo Zheng was bound to be chosen to enter the Blue Clouds Road Trial. If the person chosen by Shi Jingtian died in the Burning Heaven Palace, this matter would be a big problem for Su Xing, and it would similarly be a big problem for Su Rui.
Let alone the power of these two princes' open and covert struggles, if Shi Jingtian truly spoke in anger, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince basically did not have the capital to bargain!
Martial artists had always used strength to speak. Even if it was an emperor in front of a true expert, he could only swallow his anger and grovel on the ground. There was no reason to speak of.
With Su Lingyun's brain, she could practically instantly sort out these things, so she was clear that Luo Zheng would not be in danger inside the Burning Heaven Palace. She was also clear that she could not walk out of the Burning Heaven Palace, so today, she would accompany Luo Zheng's crazy rampage. Running wildly all the way, she could be considered happy.
"Young Master Luo Zheng, your strength is not enough to behave atrociously in the Burning Heaven Palace, so I advise you to give up." Su Xing indifferently said.
"Give up?" Luo Zheng glanced at Su Lingyun. He had decided on something, and he would never give up. Luo Zheng immediately asked: "Your Highness the Seventh Prince, what will make you willing to let Su Lingyun and I go?"
"Let you go?" Su Xing shook his head. He used his fingers to pluck the strings, and then he shook his head and said: "You can go, but Elder Sister Lingyun cannot, unless …"
Luo Zheng wrinkled his brow, "Unless what?"
"Unless Young Master Luo Zheng chooses to stand on one side, for example, stand on Su Rui's side, or stand on my side." Su Xing slightly smiled.
In actuality, Su Xing and Su Rui were not the same. Su Xing had these eunuchs standing behind him. He only needed to rope in several of the Seven Great Noble Clans' patriarchs, so he was not like Su Rui, widely recruiting the heroes of the world.
However, people like Luo Zheng, placed anywhere, were scarce resources. Su Xing did not mind having this kind of genius with limitless potential at his side.
"And if I insist on persisting?" Luo Zheng coldly said.
Su Xing faintly smiled: "I don't like threatening people because behind you is the Blue Cloud Sect. Indeed, I don't want to do anything to you, but that doesn't mean I don't dare do anything to you! I advise you to look out for yourself! "
Just as they were speaking, the courtyard's door opened, and the one who walked in was the Third Prince Su Rui. At Su Rui's side followed many people, all of whom were the guests attending today's banquet. That extremely radiant old man was naturally among them. Besides them, there was also a fatty wearing a black robe.
Luo Zheng looked at that fatty, and the corner of his eyes slightly jumped. Sure enough, there were crouching tigers and hidden dragons in the Imperial Palace. This fatty's strength clearly was not lower than that of the eunuch behind Su Xing!
When Su Rui entered, he first indifferently glanced at Su Xing, slightly smiling: "Seventh Brother, you're in such a leisurely mood, coming out to play the zither in this dark night! However, I just heard you say that you want to poach Brother Luo Zheng. This is a bit unkind! "
These two people were currently like fire and water in the Imperial Palace. So much so that there could possibly be a life and death battle between the two of them!
Su Xing looked at Su Rui, and his expression chilled. He gloomily said: "What does this have to do with you?"
"Of course it has to do with me. Today, Brother Luo Zheng is willing to honor my Feather Star Hall …"
"…"
The two Imperial Princes opposed each other with equal harshness, yet the backers behind them were nevertheless silent.
This kind of battle had already played out many times, however, both sides were currently still stuck at the stage of bickering. If they actually made a move, perhaps the Burning Heaven Palace would flow with rivers of blood.
Just as the two Imperial Princes were about to oppose each other, Luo Zheng suddenly roared: "Enough!"
The two Imperial Princes heard Luo Zheng's roar. At first, they were stunned, but then they immediately showed a smile. They were afraid of each other, but they did not place Luo Zheng in their eyes. After all, Luo Zheng's current strength could not possibly cause much of a stir. If they could win him over to their own camp, that would be good. If they could not win him over, there would not be any effect.
Luo Zheng's gaze was gloomy as he said: "Third Prince, Seventh Prince, today, I, Luo Zheng, am not strong enough. Perhaps I cannot bring away Su Lingyun! But have you ever thought of a problem? "
"What problem?" Su Rui asked.
Su Xing pressed his finger against the zither, similarly staring at Luo Zheng.