They did not think that Luo Zheng would suddenly say such crazy words. The two princes, Su Rui and Su Xing, stared blankly.
Not a moment later, the two began to laugh.
The two princes laughed, and the people behind them naturally laughed as well.
Especially those guests behind Su Rui. Their laughter was even more exaggerated. Some people laughed until they bent over, clutching their stomachs as if they were in extreme pain.
Perhaps, this was the funniest joke they had ever heard in their lives.
"Destroy the kingdom? This brat shouldn't be crazy, right? "
"The Burning Heaven Empire has stood tall for so many years, but it turns out it can be destroyed so easily!"
"I thought I was crazy, but I never thought there would be someone even crazier than me in this world!"
Even that unsmiling eunuch and that Senior Henshui behind Su Rui showed smiles.
Luo Zheng was indeed a genius, a genius rarely seen in a thousand years in the Blue Cloud Sect.
However, the title of genius often said that this person had potential, but it did not necessarily mean that he had the strength.
There were many possibilities in the future. There were too many people in this world, and many geniuses would emerge every year. However, how many geniuses could truly mature?
Only an extremely small number of geniuses would have a meteoric rise, and ninety-nine percent of geniuses would either scatter the halo of geniuses or become a pile of bones on the ground, becoming a stepping stone for others.
Destroy the Burning Heaven Empire? That was not impossible.
The Burning Heaven Empire was a colossus in the Eastern Territory, and it was the only super empire in the Eastern Territory.
However, if it was still in the entire world, it was nothing!
However, to destroy the Burning Heaven Empire, it would require at least Shi Jingtian's level of strength. In the eyes of Su Rui and Su Xing, the probability of Luo Zheng growing to Shi Jingtian's level was too small. The probability of Luo Zheng growing to this level was not as good as walking down the street and being struck by lightning.
Su Rui sighed, "Luo Zheng, I originally wanted to rope you in, but now I've given up. Your potential is indeed astonishing, but it's a pity I found that your brain has a bit of a problem. Honestly, you are too stupid …"
Su Xing also shook his head, "You are a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect, and you still want to participate in the Blue Cloud Road Trial. I indeed will not kill you, but not killing you does not mean I do not dare to touch you!"
When Su Xing's voice fell, that eunuch with the strongest strength behind him took a step forward. Suddenly, from within his body, an intense might erupted. On his body, that True Essence as robust as the sea also began to gush forth.
Pressure!
This pressure had far surpassed the strength of a Divine Reflection warrior. This eunuch was a Divine Core warrior!
The Divine Core realm, that was a realm Luo Zheng had no idea about!
Until now, Luo Zheng had only seen one Divine Core warrior fight, and that was Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian's punch landed on Zhenren Tianqiong, who had escaped far away. The terrifying power that exploded from his punch shocked the entire Blue Cloud Sect.
Although the Divine Core eunuch didn't seem like he wanted to attack, it seemed like he just wanted to use his pressure to destroy Luo Zheng's soul!
The intense pressure immediately caused Luo Zheng to feel extremely pressured, as if an entire lake was pressing down on Luo Zheng's body!
Furthermore, when the eunuch unleashed his pressure, Senior Henshui who stood behind Su Rui unleashed his own aura as well. The aura covered the entire sky as it swept towards Luo Zheng.
Another Divine Core warrior!
Senior Henshui's pressure was different from the eunuch's. If that eunuch's pressure was like a lake, then Senior Henshui's pressure was like a thousand meter tall mountain. It was forcefully pressing down onto Luo Zheng, and it was even more powerful.
The pressure unleashed by two Divine Core warriors could easily crush any ordinary warrior into a meat patty.
This pressure didn't only come from the mental aspect, it also came from the physical aspect.
However, Luo Zheng's body was extremely strong, and he could withstand the pressure from the physical aspect. But, the real problem was the mental aspect.
"Luo Zheng!" Su Lingyun finally became nervous. Indeed, the enemy hadn't attacked, but they could still use their pressure to destroy Luo Zheng, and even severely injure him!
But … what could she do?
When Luo Zheng was facing Wang Yanmiao, she was still able to save Luo Zheng with her status.
When those True Masters were trying to make things difficult for Luo Zheng, she was still able to help Luo Zheng get out of his predicament.
But, things were different now …
With her current status, she couldn't even protect herself, and her two brothers didn't take her seriously at all!
Su Lingyun's eyes were filled with anxiety, but there was nothing she could do.
Just as Su Lingyun was stomping her feet in anxiety, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his hand and grabbed onto Su Lingyun's arm. He nodded his head slightly and looked at Su Lingyun with a calm expression.
He was comforting Su Lingyun, telling her that he could handle it!
Although Luo Zheng's soul was extremely strong, there were very few warriors at the same level who could defeat Luo Zheng in terms of the strength of their souls. Not only that, even those who had just broken through to the Divine Reflection realm couldn't defeat him.
But, no matter how strong his soul was, there was still a limit to how strong it could be. A Divine Core warrior was one of the strongest existences in the Eastern Region, and the pressure they unleashed was definitely a huge challenge for Luo Zheng.
"Kakaka …"
Under the tremendous pressure, Luo Zheng's soul started trembling, and he couldn't help but make some noises. But, he still stared at Su Lingyun with a calm expression.
Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng was forcing himself to stay strong. No matter how monstrous Luo Zheng was, even if he had gotten first place in the competition, he was still just a Xiantian realm warrior. Above the Xiantian realm was the Divine Reflection realm, and after that was the Divine Core realm!
This was the difference between an elephant and an ant.
Su Lingyun grabbed Luo Zheng's hand tightly. Because she was using too much strength, her fingers had turned white.
Right now, she really wanted to beg her two half-brothers to let Luo Zheng go!
However, she knew that her pleading would be of no use. The kinship between the royal family was already very thin. Furthermore, they had already put their lives on the line in this battle. Unless Su Lingyun had a huge benefit in her hands that could move them!
What should she do … Su Lingyun finally realized how weak she was, and her eyes started turning red.
Luo Zheng's soul was trembling more and more violently, and it looked like he wouldn't be able to hold on any longer. If his soul disintegrated, he would probably become an idiot.
But, it seemed like Senior Henshui and the eunuch knew what they were doing. If they really turned Luo Zheng into an idiot, it might bring trouble to the prince they supported. At least, they wouldn't be able to explain it to Shi Jingtian. Therefore, when they joined forces, they were still holding back.
Right at this moment, a thunderous laughter suddenly sounded out from the skies.
"Hehe, this is interesting. Two Divine Core warriors are joining forces to bully a junior from the Blue Cloud Sect? You guys are really shameless!"
Right after the voice sounded out, an invisible energy immediately enveloped Luo Zheng. At the same time, it blocked the pressure exerted by Senior Henshui and the eunuch. Not only that, the invisible energy even pushed back the pressure exerted by Senior Henshui and the eunuch.
Both Senior Henshui and the eunuch felt the backlash from their own pressure. Their faces turned pale, and the eunuch even took a few steps back. Both of them had ugly expressions on their faces.
"Bam!"
A tall and sturdy figure suddenly fell from the skies and landed on the ground. Both of his feet crushed the stone floor into powder.
That person stood there like a mountain, an unshakable mountain.
"Sect … Sect Chief!" Su Lingyun's eyes shone brightly.
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, then he glanced at Luo Zheng and asked, "Are you alright?"
Luo Zheng's face, which was as white as a sheet of paper, slowly regained its color. At that moment, he almost thought that his soul would really collapse.
But, what he didn't know was that Qinglong was shaking his head in his mind. 'As long as I'm here, I won't let your soul collapse.' Ever since Luo Zheng left the Slaughter Sword Mountain, this Qinglong had been in a deep sleep. His soul was still too weak, and he couldn't stay awake for too long.
But, when Luo Zheng's soul was suppressed by the enormous pressure just now, this Qinglong had woken up. But, he didn't say anything. In this Qinglong's mind, every step Luo Zheng took now was something he had to overcome. Luo Zheng had great talent, he was smart, and he had great luck. But, in order for him to become a true warrior, he had to rely on himself.
Borrowing external strength was ultimately someone else's strength.
Therefore, Qinglong planned to wait until Luo Zheng's soul collapsed to make a move. In any case, there was a kind of multicolored light in the furnace that could instantly repair soul damage. Using that multicolored light would be enough to repair Luo Zheng's shattered soul.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's soul didn't collapse. Or rather, it wasn't forced to the limit. Shi Jingtian ran out to help Luo Zheng resolve this crisis.
Actually, Shi Jingtian had been there for a long time, but he didn't show himself. Instead, he watched quietly from the side.
However, Shi Jingtian didn't understand Luo Zheng as well as Qinglong did. Naturally, he wouldn't be able to last until the last moment. He was really afraid that Luo Zheng would be crushed into an idiot by their pressure. One had to know that Luo Zheng was the most important person in this Qingyun Road Trial.