After Shi Jingtian descended, the other people in the sky also slowly descended. The elders of the Blue Cloud Sect were all present, even the rarely seen Elder Xu was also present.
Elder Xu was an expert in life type cultivation methods. After he descended, he arrived in front of Luo Zheng, "Do not resist."
Immediately, a green True Essence appeared in his hand, and he poured it into Luo Zheng's mind.
"Eh?" Originally, Elder Xu thought that Luo Zheng's soul would be damaged under the pressure of the two great experts. However, he found that Luo Zheng's soul was not injured at all. At most, it was a little weak, but it could be recovered in less than a day or two.
Although Elder Xu had seen Luo Zheng's performance and understood that his soul was far stronger than the average martial artist, the pressure of the two people just now was not ordinary. Even Elder Xu felt the pressure, but this Luo Zheng unexpectedly withstood it. This was indeed beyond Elder Xu's expectations.
"Junior greets Sect Master Shi!" Su Xing stood up and cupped his hands towards Shi Jingtian.
At the same time, Su Rui also bowed.
The Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master, even if the Emperor saw him, he would have to salute. The two princes naturally did not dare to neglect him.
When the others saw Shi Jingtian, each and every one of them was endlessly shocked. This was the strongest in the Eastern Region!
Who would have thought that Shi Jingtian simply did not care about Su Rui and Su Xing. Even his gaze did not stop on them. Instead, he patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and laughed, "Good boy, you have ambition! Destroy the country? I support you! "
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Su Rui's heart was suddenly startled, and his face became very ugly.
Su Xing showed a smile, but that smile was very forced, and it was uglier than crying.
If Shi Jingtian wanted to destroy the Burning Sky Kingdom, he could indeed do it!
Previously, when Su Qian was still alive, his strength was even stronger than Shi Jingtian's. Therefore, these years, the Burning Sky Kingdom's strength increased step by step, and the Family Su had an extremely valiant Emperor.
The problem was that Su Qian was no longer around. Who else in the Fen Tian Empire could go against Shi Jingtian?
It was true that there was a group of eunuchs behind Su Xing, but the eunuch behind him was an Early Divine Core Stage expert. He was also the strongest person beside Su Xing. Although an Early Divine Core Stage expert was already very strong, he was obviously not a match for Shi Jingtian.
As for Senior Henshui, who was assisting Su Rui, he was also only at the Early Divine Core Realm.
Even if the two of them joined forces, they were still no match for Shi Jingtian …
Furthermore, Shi Jingtian wasn't the only powerful person in the Blue Cloud Sect. There were also the Vice Sect Leader, Elders, Hall Masters, and Enlightened Masters.
They had no room to resist.
If Shi Jingtian was willing, he could abolish the Family Su and appoint a new Emperor! In fact, if he were to become the Emperor of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty, who would dare to oppose him?
"Sect Leader Shi, your words are a bit too much …" Although Su Rui was frightened, he still said politely.
"Passed?" Shi Jingtian chuckled. "So what if I passed? Only you are allowed to bully others, but others are not allowed to bully you? Do you really think that you are the Son of Heaven, the Son of Heaven? "
The Emperor was the Son of Heaven, which meant that he was the Son of Heaven. This was just a saying to the common people, or it could be said that it was a trick.
The Son of Heaven? What a joke. In the world of martial artists, no one believed in this.
Furthermore, the cultivation of martial artists was something that defied the heavens. Not to mention that you were the Son of Heaven, even if you were the Son of Heaven, those strong-willed martial artists would not accept it!
"Sect Leader Shi, back then, you had an agreement with the Emperor that you would not interfere with the matters of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty," the eunuch said with a sharp voice.
Shi Jingtian sneered, "I knew that a damn eunuch like you would bring up this matter. Don't worry! I'm really not interested in your fight. As for destroying your lousy country, I'm even less interested. I'm just telling Luo Zheng that after he passes the trial of the Azure Clouds Road and enters the Cloud Hall to cultivate, he'll come back to destroy you! How can I, a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect be bullied by outsiders! "
After being scolded by Shi Jingtian, these eunuchs did not dare to show the slightest bit of displeasure. Furthermore, when they heard Shi Jingtian's words, they deeply sighed in relief.
What they were most afraid of was Shi Jingtian interfering with their fight. If they angered Shi Jingtian and stood behind the Crown Prince, then it would be troublesome. Everyone would not be finished and obediently let the Crown Prince ascend to the throne. Who could contend against the Blue Cloud Sect?
Luo Zheng's gaze coldly swept across and sneered, "I will definitely not disappoint the Sect Leader's expectations!"
Su Xing and Su Rui looked at Luo Zheng, and their hearts slightly jumped.
Although the two of them had information on Luo Zheng, it seemed that they had underestimated Luo Zheng, underestimated Luo Zheng's talent and strength, and underestimated Luo Zheng's position in Shi Jingtian's heart.
Originally, they thought that they would teach Luo Zheng a lesson. As long as Luo Zheng was killed, Shi Jingtian would not appear.
Now that Luo Zheng was standing here perfectly fine, Shi Jingtian seemed to have already flown into a rage. Just what kind of ability did this guy have to be able to make the Sect Leader of the Blue Cloud Sect regard him so highly?
Perhaps, this kind of person could really grow to Shi Jingtian's level?
"Let's go!" Shi Jingtian did not want to waste time with them and was too lazy to stay here.
However, Luo Zheng said, "Sect Leader, Instructor Su, she …"
"Hmph, Su Lingyun, that little girl, of course, will come with us. Do they dare to stop us?" Saying this, Shi Jingtian was like a flying mountain, constantly ascending. The Burning Heaven Palace's sky was forbidden to fly, but that prohibition was not a restriction to him at all.
When he was in midair, Shi Jingtian suddenly thought of something and said, "That's right, Su Qian, that guy, once said to me that if he is no longer here, you can fight with each other. Whoever is more capable will be the Emperor. However, I will say the ugly words first. If you kill the Crown Prince, then you will die for me!"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, the Third Prince and the Seventh Prince's expression became even more unsightly …
Shi Jingtian's words were equivalent to the golden rule. Although he did not interfere with the matters of the Burning Heaven Dynasty, now that he said it, this matter had to be done. Who let him be the number one in the Eastern Region?
Not letting them make a move against the Crown Prince, this sentence was equivalent to a death exemption. Under the circumstances of ensuring the Crown Prince's safety, to Su Rui and Su Xing, the difficulty of taking over the Crown Prince had increased by several degrees …
However, they did not have any room to bargain …
A green leaf suddenly appeared under Elder Xu's feet. Luo Zheng and Su Lingyun directly stepped on the leaf. Su Lingyun smiled as she looked at her two younger brothers. Her current mood was as one could imagine, exceptionally good.
Looking at the big boy beside her, Su Lingyun's heart was filled with emotions. She did not think that everything would be reversed because of him.
Before the All-Peak Great Competition, Su Lingyun indeed had this kind of fantasy. However, at that time, she felt that she was only having an unrealistic dream.
However, in less than a month, this beautiful dream had become a reality. She really did not dare to believe it.
Although Su Lingyun understood that the situation in the Imperial Palace was not reversed, Su Lingyun's brother, who was the current Crown Prince, could not change his fate. However, with this death exemption, the hope of a comeback would always exist!
Since Luo Zheng was valued so highly by Shi Jingtian, he might really have the strength to "destroy a country" in the future.
Destroying a country was naturally a ruthless sentence. Even if Luo Zheng had this strength, she was afraid that he would not really destroy the Fengwang Dynasty. Warriors who had reached that realm would rarely be bored enough to become an Emperor.
Being an Emperor was only the ultimate goal of a mortal. Warriors, on the other hand, had a higher level of pursuit.
When Su Qian became strong, he basically had nothing to do with the affairs of the country. All the big and small matters were handled by the Crown Prince. However, as an Emperor, Su Qian often accepted missions from the Cloud Hall to travel outside. He was completely like a warrior, not like an Emperor.
Su Lingyun and Luo Zheng returned to Xiao Yufeng at the same time. Naturally, they were warmly welcomed by the disciples of Xiao Yufeng.
At this moment, Xiao Yufeng's appearance had changed completely. Several cultivation mystic realms were being built on Xiao Yufeng. The illusionary array masters were building new illusionary arrays to allow the disciples of Xiao Yufeng to get better training.
Because Xiao Yufeng was ranked first in the 33 peaks, from the last to the first, the whole gap could not be said to be small. All the disciples received great benefits! All of this was thanks to Luo Zheng. It was Su Lingyun's discerning eyes that brought Luo Zheng to Xiao Yufeng.
However, this happiness did not last for long. It was because of something that caused it to vanish like smoke.
On this day, in the sky above the Blue Cloud Sect, a huge face suddenly appeared!
＝＝＝＝＝