After Luo Zheng returned to the Blue Cloud Sect, he had always been cultivating calmly.
There was still half a month before the Blue Clouds Road opened. If it wasn't because he had to make a trip home, Luo Zheng might have devoted all of his time into cultivation.
In reality, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were also doing this.
During this period of time, Hua Tianming had always stayed in the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform, not taking a single step away. Through the Seven Stars Sword Radiance Platform, not only could his sword intent be sharpened even more, it could also stabilize his cultivation during cultivation.
Pei Tianyao didn't choose to cultivate in a secret realm. His buddhist techniques didn't need to be tempered in a secret realm, but rather through his own meditation and comprehension.
And this time, Luo Yan didn't obediently return to Purgatory Mountain.
After all, Luo Zheng still had half a month before heading to the Blue Clouds Road to train. The time she had to accompany her brother wasn't much, so every breath of time was extremely precious.
While Luo Zheng was cultivating, Luo Yan spent most of her time staring blankly at her brother, watching him cultivate diligently and seriously. Her request was extremely simple. She only needed to quietly accompany Luo Zheng by his side. She didn't have too many extravagant requests.
Unfortunately, fate was often like this. Just a small wish was so difficult to satisfy. Sometimes, Luo Yan would think that it would be great if she and her brother didn't come from a martial arts family. The two of them were both commoners, living an ordinary life. They didn't have that many pursuits, nor did they have that many tribulations.
Once one embarked on the path of a martial artist, they were destined to live a difficult life. The things one obtained seemed to be many, but in reality, the things one lost were also many …
Today, Luo Zheng sat at the summit of Xiao Yufeng Mountain, continuously urging the true essence within his body to attack the bottleneck of Xiantian fourth stage.
In reality, with Luo Zheng's accumulation and foundation, breaking through this bottleneck wasn't that difficult. He only needed a few pills, and he could break through in one go. However, doing this would make Luo Zheng's foundation unstable, making it difficult for him to break through in the future.
Every time Luo Zheng made a breakthrough, he would reach the stage of "Overflowing Essence". When his Zhenyuan accumulated to a certain limit, he would break through the bottleneck on his own. This kind of breakthrough could make his foundation extremely stable.
On this day, the wind suddenly blew in the sky.
The thick clouds were like huge quilts, as if they were being shaken by an invisible giant.
Luo Yan's hair was messed up by the wind. Luo Zheng also felt the great power in the sky and frowned slightly.
The clouds in the sky gradually formed a huge human face!
"What is this? A worldly anomaly? " Luo Zheng looked at the sky and felt an unparalleled aura coming from the human face. Even Shi Jingtian could not compare to this aura!
Such a vast worldly anomaly did not only alarm Luo Zheng and Luo Yan on Xiao Yufeng, but also all the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect. Even some of the people in the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital were dumbstruck.
A huge human face appeared in the sky. How hard was this to understand? Was this a god?
Many people who believed in gods even burned incense, knelt on the ground, and prayed to the face in the sky! They prayed for the blessings of the gods.
However, many martial artists knew that this wasn't a god. It should be an extremely powerful almighty who projected his Zhenyuan into the sky!
To be able to project Zhenyuan into such a huge human face, what realm was this person's strength?
Even if these martial artists didn't think this was a god, such an ability and such a terrifying aura had already exceeded their scope of understanding. The strength of the person who projected this human face had already reached an unimaginable level! In the hearts of the Eastern Region's martial artists, this person was probably an existence equal to a god.
Many martial artists were looking at the giant face in the sky with reverence in their hearts.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Luo Yan smiled and shook her head. In Luo Yan's little mind, these things had nothing to do with her.
However, Luo Yan soon realized that she was wrong. The appearance of this huge face directly determined Luo Yan's fate.
After the huge face appeared for a few breaths of time, it suddenly said, "Shi Jingtian, Shi Jingtian, come out!"
This voice came from the sky. Every word it shouted was like a clap of thunder.
That voice exploded in their ears, causing their ears to buzz and rattle.
"Is this huge face in the sky looking for Sect Master Shi?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Although he knew that this huge face wasn't looking for him, he had a faint ominous premonition.
"Shi Jingtian, come out!" The voice continued to roar.
Not long after, a small black dot suddenly shot into the sky. It was the Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master Shi Jingtian.
"Where is Luo Yan?! Isn't she cultivating in your Purgatory Mountain? Why did I detect that she seemed to have left the Blue Cloud Sect in the past few days?! "
Every word spoken by that huge face was like a clap of thunder. However, in Luo Zheng's ears, this voice seemed to be even more powerful than thunder. His expression immediately changed, and layers of killing intent appeared between his brows!
So it was like this. This huge face should be that person's Zhen Yuan projection!
Luo Zheng's eyes stared at this huge face. He wanted to firmly remember this face, as if he was using a carving knife to carve it into his mind!
This person was the one who wanted to set up the Demonic Joyous Union Formation! He was the one who wanted to take away Luo Yan's Vital Yin!
Looking at the huge face and sensing the pressure emanating from it, Luo Zheng felt that he was so tiny. Perhaps he was even smaller than an ant in front of this huge face, and he didn't even have the qualifications to be noticed and stared at by this huge face.
No one knew what Shi Jingtian said to the huge face, but after that, the huge face turned to Luo Yan. "Hmph, the speed of her improvement is too slow. I'll give you one month, bring her to me! I have a way to help her break through to the Divine Core realm! "
When many warriors heard this, they were struck dumb once again …
Was the Divine Core realm something that could be broken through just because one wanted to?
A warrior had to go through countless hardships and spend countless years in order to break through to the Divine Reflection realm. As for those who broke through to the Divine Reflection realm, they were one in a million, and they were powerful enough to dominate an entire region in the Eastern Region.
Divine Core realm?
Any warrior who broke through to the Divine Core realm was a supreme existence in the Eastern Region.
The number of Divine Core warriors in the Eastern Region could be counted with one hand, and some could even be counted with one hand.
But, this huge face was so confident that he could help Luo Yan break through to the Divine Core realm? No matter how great Luo Yan's innate talent was, in order to break through to the Divine Core realm, he would still need some extraordinary methods.
But, no one thought that this huge face was just boasting. For someone who possessed such incredible methods to say something so unbelievable, it actually made everyone feel that it was reasonable …
Many disciples from the Blue Cloud Sect had envious looks in their eyes. Being able to break through to the Divine Core realm was the same as becoming the king of the Eastern Region, and this was the dream of many people.
But too bad, while those disciples from the Blue Cloud Sect had such thoughts, Luo Yan didn't.
After hearing what the big face said, Luo Yan was startled for three breaths of time, then she immediately threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms. Her petite body was still trembling.
When she was imprisoned in the Purgatory Mountain, Luo Yan knew what her fate would be, but she wasn't afraid, because she wasn't afraid of death. If Luo Yan didn't want to die, she would just find a chance to end her life! At least, she would be able to keep her chastity!
At that time, Luo Yan was completely disheartened. Her life was gray and white, and she couldn't see any hope. That was why she wasn't afraid of anything.
But now, Luo Yan saw hope, and this hope was brought to her by her big brother.
Once a person saw hope, they would hope that this hope would continue, and eventually, their dreams would come true. At the same time, a true fear would emerge in her heart. She was afraid that everything she saw would suddenly disappear.
That was why Luo Yan was trembling in fear!
Luo Zheng felt like he was hugging a trembling deer, and he could feel the fear in her heart.
"Yan 'er, don't be scared! I am here. "Luo Zheng calmly looked at the giant face in the sky. He understood clearly that a giant roadblock had appeared in his path as a martial artist.
This roadblock was something he had to clear! This person was someone he had to kill!
It was unknown what Shi Jingtian said to that person, but that person immediately said, "En, very good. If I don't see Luo Yan in a month, hehe, then this little Blue Cloud Sect will disappear from this world!" After saying this, the two eyes on that giant face focused on Xiao Yufeng.
Luo Zheng felt Luo Yan's back go rigid. She clearly sensed that person's gaze. Meanwhile, Luo Zheng didn't avoid it in the slightest. His eyes flickered with starry radiance as he stared at that giant face.