In Luo Zheng's opinion, the sneer on the gigantic face was directed at him!
When a cultivator reached his level of cultivation, his status would be unimaginably high. Perhaps, for a man like him, women weren't that important.
As long as he wanted to, he could gather three thousand, or even thirty thousand harem girls, and every single one of them was a stunning beauty!
This man didn't care about Luo Yan's beauty, he wanted to take Luo Yan's Vital Yin for the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, and for his cultivation.
Perhaps this man had misunderstood when he saw Luo Yan hugging Luo Yan. But, a man like this wouldn't care about an ant like Luo Zheng.
The sneer was filled with disdain, disdain, indifference, and indifference!
After the gigantic face disappeared, Luo Yan finally raised her head. She was surprised by her own reaction. It had been a long time since she was this scared of something. Perhaps, she would only feel this weak when she was with her brother.
"Brother, what should we do? I don't want to be captured by him! "Luo Yan furrowed her brows and said.
This wasn't something Luo Zheng could stop.
In fact, he couldn't even bring Luo Yan away from the Blue Cloud Sect. First of all, there was no way Luo Zheng could break through Shi Jingtian's trial with his current strength. Also, the man who projected the gigantic face had left a mark on Luo Yan's body. Even if Luo Zheng brought Luo Yan to the ends of the earth, they still wouldn't be able to escape from this man's pursuit!
"Yan 'er, before you break through to the Divine Core realm, that man won't do anything to you. What you need to do now is wait." Luo Zheng stared at Luo Yan's immature face. His eyes were filled with conviction. He wanted to calm Luo Yan down.
"Wait, wait for me to kill him." Luo Zheng said with a cold voice.
"Kill him …"
Facing such a mighty warrior, no one would be able to resist him. But, Luo Zheng still believed he could do it.
Was that even possible?
Perhaps her brother was just trying to comfort her, Luo Yan thought to herself.
Perhaps the man just now was one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain. Their methods were unpredictable, and they could easily destroy mountains and rivers. They were the true emperors of the world of cultivators!
It was like Luo Zheng was just an ant, but he was determined to challenge a lion. Not only that, he was going to kill the lion, he was also going to kill the lion. How could that be possible?
Although Luo Yan didn't believe it in her heart, she still nodded with a slight smile on her face, but her smile was somewhat forced.
How could Luo Zheng not see through Luo Yan's thoughts? This girl didn't know how to disguise her feelings at all. Luo Zheng reached out and rubbed Luo Yan's head. He smiled and said, "What's wrong? You don't believe me? Back then, when you were in Purgatory Mountain, did you believe I could reach this step? Do you believe I can bring you out of Purgatory Mountain? "
. Luo Yan curled her lips. She thought for a bit, and then her large eyes blinked twice. "I don't!"
"You only choose to believe me when it happens. Yan 'er, turns out you don't trust your brother that much?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's words made a bit of sense, but they weren't completely correct. Luo Zheng indeed created an unimaginable miracle. How could Luo Yan not understand this?
However, if Luo Zheng wanted to replicate this miracle in the Central Domain, the difficulty would be a hundred times greater!
Against an expert of that level, even if a hundred Shi Jingtians were stacked together, they still might not be a match.
"Yan 'er, look into my eyes." Luo Zheng stared into Luo Yan's eyes. Then, with an incomparably serious tone, he said, "I swear on my martial dao heart that there is not a single bit of falsehood in my words. He is someone I, Luo Zheng, must kill!"
"Ah …" Luo Yan covered her mouth. "Brother, there is no need to swear on your martial dao heart …"
This type of oath wasn't something that could be randomly made. If Luo Zheng couldn't fulfill it in the future, then this oath would become a demonic barrier in his path of martial dao cultivation. Unless he could fulfill this oath, his strength wouldn't be able to advance even an inch in the future!
That was why very few martial artists were willing to swear on their martial dao heart.
However, Luo Zheng understood clearly that the owner of that giant face had already become an obstacle for Luo Zheng, an obstacle he had to eliminate before reaching the peak of martial dao. An additional oath or one less oath wouldn't make much of a difference. He would still kill him, and only then would he be able to walk further on the path of martial dao.
This oath was only to make his younger sister feel at ease.
Clap clap clap clap! Shi Jingtian clapped his hands as he descended from the sky. Su Lingyun also came along with him. Su Lingyun was originally halfway up the mountain. When she saw the strange scene and heard the words of the giant face, she naturally knew that it was targeting Luo Yan. That was why she rushed over in the Flying Chariot.
"Good, very good, not bad! The disciples of my Blue Cloud Sect are indeed heroic! Little Ling Yun, you really have good eyesight to be able to choose such a good seedling into the Xiao Yufeng! "Shi Jingtian laughed heartily.
"Sect Leader Shi," Luo Zheng stood up and bowed.
Shi Jingtian nodded and said, "I think you have already heard what that person said."
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"This person's strength is too strong. I, Shi Jingtian, can't go against him. That's why I can only take Luo Yan away and personally deliver Luo Yan to him. I hope that Luo Zheng won't blame me for not being able to protect Luo Yan," Shi Jingtian said as he shook his head.
"Sect Leader Shi is too far-fetched. How can I blame you for this kind of thing …" Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
"Although you have sworn on your martial dao heart to kill him, and I, Shi Jingtian, agree with you, I still want to remind you that the difficulty is too high … In the Central Domain, there are still a few people who are on par with him. However, I'm afraid it's impossible to find the person who killed him," Shi Jingtian shook his head.
No one in the Central Domain could kill him?
Shi Jingtian's words caused Luo Zheng to be slightly shocked. This meant that this person was a top expert in the Central Domain.
It was possible to determine the victor between top experts, but it was difficult to kill each other. After all, martial artists weren't wooden dummies or demonic beasts. Top experts weren't only strong, but their ability to escape was also very strong. In a situation where both sides were top experts, if one of them only wanted to escape, it was indeed difficult to kill him.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes didn't dim at all. After a slight shock, his eyes shone again. This was a kind of confidence that flowed out from his bones!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still full of confidence and fighting spirit, Shi Jingtian was very impressed.
Although Shi Jingtian was many times stronger than Luo Zheng, he also didn't dare to breathe too loudly in front of this big shot. It couldn't be helped. Martial artists were like this. If they were weak, they could only choose to lower their heads and protect themselves. If they were weak and didn't know how to judge the situation, they would usually die …
Luo Zheng knew the difference in strength between him and that person, but he still maintained his confidence. This meant that Luo Zheng's martial dao heart was much stronger than he imagined. The stronger the martial dao heart, the further he could walk on this path!
"Sect Leader Shi, I have another question," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Ask away!" Shi Jingtian nodded.
"That person, what is his name?" Luo Zheng asked.
"His name?" Shi Jingtian thought for a moment and said, "In the Central Domain, he has a title called Eastern Evil King! However, his real name is Cui Xie! "
"Eastern Evil King, Cui Xie." Luo Zheng repeated this name and nodded. "Thank you for telling me, Sect Leader Shi."
Because of Cui Xie's order, the excuse of cultivating in Purgatory Mountain was no longer useful. Shi Jingtian had no choice but to send Luo Yan out of the Blue Cloud Sect. This made even the sect leader a bit depressed. As the sect leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, he didn't have the ability to protect his own disciple. This was also something that he couldn't do anything about.
Shi Jingtian's strength was much greater than Luo Zheng's. He was also much more powerful. The higher he stood, the further he could see. He clearly understood how terrifying Cui Xie was.
However, Luo Zheng had an advantage that Shi Jingtian couldn't compare to. Luo Zheng was extremely young, and he still had limitless potential to be unearthed. The wheel of fortune was unpredictable. Everything depended on Luo Zheng's luck.
Meanwhile, Luo Zheng's first step was the Blue Clouds Road trial. It would depend on what kind of achievements he could obtain in the Blue Clouds Road, and whether or not he could obtain the Cloud Hall's support.
The next morning, on the Blue Sky Platform, Luo Yan turned around with every step. Her eyes were full of longing for Luo Zheng.
She clearly already stepped onto the giant Flying Chariot's flight of stairs, but she suddenly turned around and ran over to hug her older brother.
Ever since they were ten years old, the two of them had been apart more and less together. After parting this time, it was unknown when they would meet again!
Even though she was reluctant to part, Luo Yan still stepped onto the giant Flying Chariot and slowly rose into the air.
When she looked down from the Flying Chariot's glass window, Luo Yan was a bit stupefied. However, Luo Zheng gently waved his hand and made a gesture …
Luo Yan had already seen this gesture in Purgatory Mountain. Luo Yan obviously knew what it meant.