Following Luo Zheng's training, his mind slowly became stronger and calmer. He was no longer as impulsive and easily angered as he was in the past.
Luo Yan's departure caused Luo Zheng's heart to be filled with sorrow. However, he quickly suppressed these emotions in the depths of his heart.
A few days later, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao gathered at the Green Cloud Sect. The time for the Green Cloud Road Trial had finally arrived.
The three of them had different attitudes towards this day. Hua Tianming was looking forward to it. He had long been looking forward to the Central Domain. He was very eager to take this step and go to the vast world to hone his sword. As for Pei Tianyao, he was hopeful. As the reincarnation of the Immovable Wisdom King, he needed to obtain an even greater inheritance.
As for Luo Zheng, it was inevitable! It was like a toddler who had to take the first step!
"The three of you, come with me!" After Shi Jingtian walked out of the Blue Cloud Sect, he casually waved his hand and brought the three of them with him. He then flew in a certain direction.
They originally thought that the path to the Green Cloud Road would be like Luo Yan's, taking a giant flying chariot to the Central Domain.
After all, the Eastern Domain was too far away … Even if the giant flying chariot flew at full speed, it would still take half a month to cross the vast mountains in the middle.
They didn't expect Shi Jingtian to bring the three of them and fly in a completely opposite direction.
After a while, a mountain appeared in front of the three of them. This mountain was one of the mountains in the Blue Cloud Sect. However, this mountain's name was unknown. It seemed that the Blue Cloud Sect didn't use this mountain. There weren't any buildings on the mountain either. It was just an ordinary mountain.
However, just as they arrived in front of this mountain, Shi Jingtian brought the three of them down and instantly landed at the foot of the mountain.
The three of them were puzzled. They didn't know what Shi Jingtian was trying to do. Here? Could it be that the legendary Green Cloud Road was hidden in this mountain? Or could it be that there was some mystery in this mountain?
"Follow me." Shi Jingtian did not explain and led the way.
He followed Shi Jingtian all the way to the mountain wall. Shi Jingtian waved his hand and the shadow on the mountain wall slowly disappeared. A huge cave appeared on the mountain wall.
The four of them entered the cave and walked along the long passageway to the end. Suddenly, everything opened up. It turned out that the end of the passageway was a huge circular space.
In the middle of this circular space, there was a platform with a width of one zhang and a height of two feet. The platform was engraved with all kinds of runes. Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao did not recognize these runes, but they found six crystal stones around the platform!
"What kind of stone is this? There was actually such a pure True Essence contained within! Could it be … "Hua Tianming said in shock.
Pei Tianyao was also shocked by the rich True Qi inside the crystal stone. His calm eyes revealed a surprised look.
Luo Zheng forced a smile and said, "These are True Essence Stones, and they are top grade True Essence Stones!"
"The grade is top grade?" Hua Tianming took a deep breath. Hua Tianming already had the idea of exploring the Central Domain, so he had a deep understanding of the things in the Central Domain. He knew that the Central Domain was rich in True Essence Stones, but he did not expect these to be top grade True Essence Stones.
Luo Zheng said with certainty, "Yes, these are top grade True Essence Stones. It is said that the value of one top grade True Essence Stone is equivalent to one million square crystal stones. Hehe, these six top grade True Essence Stones are equivalent to six million square crystal stones! Are these top grade True Essence Stones used to activate this illusion array? "
"You are right. This is why activating the Blue Clouds Road requires one million points. Two million square crystal stones is the cost of activating the Blue Clouds Road once." Shi Jingtian said with a smile, "However, Luo Zheng is wrong about one thing. These top grade True Essence Stones do not activate the illusion array. The illusion array only needs to consume square crystal stones. This is a transmission array. It can send us to the Blue Clouds Road that is ten thousand li away."
"Transmission array?" Hua Tianming and the others were stunned.
Legend had it that the peerless masters of this world could move through space and use the Heaven and Earth Great Shift. They could use their bare hands to take things that were a million li away. They could also send a person a million li away in an instant.
However, that was something that only the peerless masters could do. Now, there was a transmission array in front of them that could send them a hundred thousand li away!
Seeing the astonished gazes of the three, Shi Jingtian explained, "This kind of transmission array may be very rare in the Eastern Domain, so you are surprised. In fact, it is a very common thing in the Central Domain. This transmission array relies on a stable array after all. It can only send you to the corresponding location. It is fundamentally different from the Heaven and Earth Great Shift that the peerless masters can use at will."
So that's how it is …
Hua Tianming nodded. This was also the reason why he wanted to go to the Central Domain. The Central Domain was too prosperous. In comparison, the warriors of the Eastern Domain were like country bumpkins.
It was like the grassroots warriors of the Burning Sky Empire entering the Burning Sky Empire's capital. The Flying Chariots that were almost extinct in the lower counties were everywhere in the Burning Sky Empire's capital.
"Alright, it's about time. All of you come in!" After Shi Jingtian finished speaking, he took the lead and walked onto the stone platform, stepping on the runes.
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao followed closely behind.
"This is your first time using a transmission array. It will be a little uncomfortable. Try to stay close to me!" Shi Jingtian warned.
In fact, what Shi Jingtian wanted to say was that this transmission array had been around for a long time. The transmission array was a little dilapidated, so the transmission channel was not very stable. It would be dangerous to go through the transmission channel.
It was indeed something that could not be helped. The Eastern Domain was located in a remote area, so it was difficult for the Cloud Hall to pay attention to it. When the transmission array was first built, they gave a lot of face to the Blue Cloud Sect and reluctantly built it. After it was built, it was continuously used for so many years. It was because of the lack of maintenance that it was in its current state.
The three of them did not suspect anything and stayed close to Shi Jingtian. Then, Shi Jingtian waved his hand and the six top-grade True Meta Stones around the platform suddenly emitted a pure light. It was the light emitted by the burning True Origin.
This kind of pure energy was very dazzling, but it did not make people's eyes uncomfortable. It gave people a very amiable feeling.
After all, the True Origin from these True Meta Stones could be directly absorbed by the warriors.
Hua Tianming could not help but absorb the True Origin from the top-grade True Meta Stones. When Shi Jingtian saw this, he quickly stopped him and said, "Hey, hey, this True Origin is used to drive the transmission array."
Hua Tianming was shocked and quickly stopped absorbing the True Origin. He rubbed his head embarrassedly and revealed an awkward smile.
Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao smiled at each other. In fact, they also had the same impulse.
At this moment, the light shone brightly and the four of them entered a passage …
"Is this the space channel?" Luo Zheng floated in the air and looked at everything around him.
The space channel was blue from top to bottom and left to right. The four of them were constantly shuttling forward at a very high speed. However, Luo Zheng could not estimate the speed of the shuttling. In this kind of environment, the concept of space had completely disappeared. He only knew that he was moving very fast.
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were also very curious. Most people who stepped into a transmission array for the first time would be very curious.
However, after shuttling for about an incense stick's worth of time, a bright blue light suddenly appeared in front of them.
"What is that?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
Shi Jingtian looked at it and his face changed. He immediately said, "All of you, stay behind me! That is a space storm! "
Although they did not know what a space storm was, Luo Zheng and the others knew that this thing's power was definitely not small. At least, it was not something they could resist.
Even Shi Jingtian did not want to encounter a space storm. In fact, they would not encounter a space storm every time they passed through the transmission array. It was just that they were not that lucky this time.
Facing the space storm, Shi Jingtian's burly body suddenly swelled up. A little yellow True Origin gathered on the surface of his body and quickly spread out.
"Ha!" Shi Jingtian roared. The yellow True Origin expanded more than ten times and formed a huge True Origin Shield. At the same time, the space storm hit him head-on!
"Zi Zi Zi …"
The space storm kept tearing Shi Jingtian's True Origin Shield. The sound it made was very strange. It was like the sound of electric current.
Shi Jingtian's True Origin Shield kept bursting out. He wanted to use his True Origin Shield to resist the space storm.
Shi Jingtian was having a hard time resisting it. At this moment, Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming did not even dare to breathe loudly! This thing was too scary. If they were not careful and got sucked in, their bodies would be turned into ashes!
However, Luo Zheng's eyes did not move. He was staring at the space storm.
"Luo Zheng, what are you looking at?" Hua Tianming asked softly.
Pei Tianyao also looked at Luo Zheng strangely. Although the space storm was beautiful, it was uncomfortable to look at it for too long.
Who would have thought that when Luo Zheng was facing the spatial storm, a bright blue storm would suddenly pierce through Shi Jingtian's Quintessential Essence shield like a lightning bolt and shoot directly into Luo Zheng's eyes!
＝＝＝＝＝