Suddenly, a snake-like bolt of lightning shot out from the bright blue storm. Even Shi Jingtian's thick True Yuan shield was unable to stop it!
Shi Jingtian's strength was unquestionable. Even he was afraid of the Spatial Storm.
If Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming's strength came into contact with it, they would have been turned into ashes by now!
Therefore, at this moment, even Shi Jingtian was in a daze. He could not figure out how the Spatial Storm could penetrate his True Yuan Shield without any resistance.
Shi Jingtian was in a daze, while Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were so scared that their faces turned pale.
As the top geniuses of the Blue Cloud Sect, the two of them did not lack experience. They had experienced all kinds of dangers and even climbed back from the edge of life and death.
However, they did not want to die so unjustly. It would be too unlucky if they were killed by the Spatial Storm while passing through the Transmission Array.
They stared blankly at the Spatial Storm that shot into Luo Zheng's eyes. Would Luo Zheng's head be blown up?
A strange scene appeared. After the Spatial Storm shot into Luo Zheng's eyes, Luo Zheng did not have any reaction. Instead, his originally bright eyes emitted a little blue light.
"What's going on?"
"Luo Zheng, are you okay?"
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao asked softly. They were afraid that if they were too loud, they would disturb the dense Spatial Storm in front of them.
Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with confusion. Facing Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao's questions, he only reacted after a while. He stuttered and said, "I don't know what's going on … I was just staring at the Spatial Storm and this happened."
Just looking at it casually caused such an inexplicable thing to happen? Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming did not believe it.
Luo Zheng really didn't do anything. He was just very curious about the spatial storm. He wanted to see what mysteries were hidden in the spatial storm.
But all of a sudden, he was immersed in a strange state. It was a feeling of enlightenment. It was like when someone learned arithmetic and suddenly figured out a way to solve it. The originally complicated and obscure rules of the Nine Palaces Arithmetic were straightened out by themselves, and then they solved the complicated problem in one go.
"I seem … I seem to have a slight understanding of those space storms. I can see the rules of their arrangement, but it's not clear enough …" Luo Zheng's eyes were still a little confused. He spoke with some uncertainty, but he found that he seemed to have changed a little.
Originally, the spatial storm was a mess. It was composed of countless lightning-like spatial threads mixed together. But now, Luo Zheng could see that although these spatial threads were messy, they were actually arranged according to a certain rule.
However, Luo Zheng could only see a trace of the arrangement rules. Perhaps it was only one in a million, or even one in ten million!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Shi Jingtian, who was concentrating on stabilizing his Qi shield, suddenly trembled! He turned around to look at Luo Zheng. Shi Jingtian, who had always been as calm as a mountain, had a look of disbelief in his eyes.
"What? Luo Zheng, you said you saw the arrangement rules of the spatial storm? "Shi Jingtian couldn't suppress the shock in his heart. His voice was slightly trembling.
Luo Zheng nodded, but then he shook his head. "It's just a little, just a little. I can't understand most of it. I can only see a small part of it!"
A little bit …
The storm in Shi Jingtian's heart was not smaller than the spatial storm outside.
This was the rules of space. How could this kid see through it with just a glance? Although it was just a little bit, wasn't it too abnormal?
The rules of space already involved the original rules of this world.
In fact, the rules of space and time were everywhere. When people woke up every day, time would pass. When they left their beds to walk, space would change.
Space and time were two things that accompanied a person's life all the time.
However, space was very stable at this time. People could feel the existence of space. As for the rules of space … it was impossible to comprehend them. You could see through the concept of a mountain, but you couldn't comprehend the concept of space by looking at the sky.
However, it was different in the teleportation array. The teleportation array broke through space and established a spatial channel with another teleportation array. This spatial channel was forcefully opened by the energy of a top-grade True Meta Stone. Therefore, the spatial channel wasn't stable.
An unstable spatial channel was prone to flaws. In fact, the spatial storm was formed when the spatial channel was broken and the energy overflowed.
The spatial storm formed by the short-distance teleportation array couldn't even be called a real spatial storm. It was said that the spatial storm formed by the long-distance teleportation array was very terrifying. Even a person like Shi Jingtian would be turned into ashes in an instant when he encountered such a spatial storm.
Since the spatial storm was a flaw in space, it could be seen through by others and even comprehend the rules of space.
Maybe …
It was just a possibility. Trying to find the 'little bit' of rules that Luo Zheng mentioned in the chaotic spatial storm was harder than ascending to heaven. With Shi Jingtian's experience, he had never heard of anyone who could do it!
Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng had done it. Although he doubted Luo Zheng's words, there was indeed a trace of the spatial storm that broke through his True Meta Shield and entered Luo Zheng's eyes.
His Zhen Yuan shield was thick and solid, so it was impossible for it to have any loopholes. Otherwise, the Space Storm would have already killed Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming.
Therefore, Shi Jingtian analyzed that the bright blue thing wasn't a spatial storm, but … a trace of the rules of space.
Shi Jingtian was speechless that Luo Zheng could comprehend a trace of the rules of space after passing through an old teleportation array.
On the contrary, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao didn't understand the meaning behind it. They weren't as shocked as Sect Leader Shi. They were wondering why Shi Jingtian's expression was so strange.
It would be strange if Shi Jingtian's expression wasn't strange.
Shi Jingtian remembered that the Cloud Hall once released a mission. This mission was very difficult. With Shi Jingtian's strength, he couldn't complete it. He estimated that even if his strength was doubled, he would still have a 20% chance of completing the mission. However, there was an 80% chance that he would lose his life.
It was such a dangerous and difficult mission. After completing it, the reward was to enter the Cloud Hall's' Sumeru Space 'to comprehend for ten days.
The 'Sumeru Space' was an independent space created by the Cloud Hall. It was different from the independent space in the Sumeru Ring. That special Sumeru Space could allow living people to enter.
In the Sumeru Space, there was a broken stone inscription. This stone inscription contained a trace of the rules of space.
For such a difficult mission to comprehend this stone inscription for ten days, the price was too high!
What was worse was that this stone inscription contained very little of the rules of space. It was extremely difficult to comprehend the rules of space through this stone inscription! Out of a thousand people who entered the Sumeru Space, perhaps only two or three of them would be able to comprehend the rules of space.
These thousand people were all qualified to enter the Sumeru Space because they had the strength to complete a mission of that level.
Their strength was far stronger than Shi Jingtian's, and each of them was a peerless genius …
From this, one could see how precious the rules of space were. Being able to comprehend a trace of the rules of space was extremely beneficial to oneself! So many warriors who were stronger than Shi Jingtian were scrambling for it!
However, today, he had only taken Luo Zheng to the transmission array once, and Luo Zheng had comprehended the rules of space.
At this moment, Shi Jingtian was really jealous of Luo Zheng. He didn't even know if he was jealous of Luo Zheng's luck or Luo Zheng's talent.
Xiantian stage three, Sword Spirit Transformation, and comprehended a trace of the rules of space. Thinking back to when he was at Xiantian stage three, he didn't even know what he was doing! He could only say that this guy was too monstrous. How could he let others live?
"Sect Master, Luo Zheng said that he had seen through a bit of the rules. What is it?" Hua Tianming was curious when he saw the shocked expression in Shi Jingtian's eyes.
"Ahem, ahem." Shi Jingtian coughed twice. He decided not to explain it to them. The Qingyun Road trial was about to begin. If he told them about it, he was afraid that it would affect Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao. It would affect their performance. It was better not to tell them …