The earlier one comprehended the power of law, the better.
Even Luo Zheng didn't understand what it meant to comprehend a trace of the law of space.
After the four of them passed through the teleportation channel, the light around them suddenly disappeared. They had arrived at their destination.
The other platform of the teleportation array was placed on top of a small mountain. Around the small mountain was a stretch of ruins.
These ruins had been corroded for thousands of years and had basically collapsed. However, one could still vaguely tell that these ruins used to be a huge palace.
Shi Jingtian swept the three of them up and left the teleportation platform. They flew into the air and traveled through the ruins.
Soon, a dozen black dots appeared in the sky. Those black dots quickly grew larger and larger. It was a group of people.
The leader of the group had unfathomable strength. Luo Zheng felt that he was on par with Shi Jingtian. Behind him were eight or nine people who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. However, the aura they exuded was extraordinary. It was obvious that they were peak existences in the same realm.
"Old Shi, haha. You came so early this year?" The leader greeted from afar.
Seeing that person, Shi Jingtian sneered. He clearly didn't have a good impression of this person.
The leader was called Wei Yulong. He had the same position as Shi Jingtian and was a deacon of the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall was a fourth-grade sect in the Central Domain. There were many first-grade and second-grade sects that sent talents to the Cloud Hall. For example, the Blue Cloud Sect was a second-grade sect under the Cloud Hall. Shi Jingtian was both the sect master of the Blue Cloud Sect and a deacon of the Cloud Hall.
Wei Yulong was the sect master of a second-grade sect called the Drifting Cloud Sect.
Although the Drifting Cloud Sect and the Azure Cloud Sect were both second-grade sects, the status of the two second-grade sects in the Cloud Hall was completely different. This could be seen from the number of people who participated in the trial.
Wei Yulong was the leader of the group from the Drifting Cloud Sect. There were a total of nine people behind him. These nine disciples were all juniors who had just entered the Divine Illumination Realm. Clearly, they were all here to participate in the trial by fire.
Other than Shi Jingtian, there were only three other people from the Blue Cloud Sect …
Even if Shi Jingtian didn't explain, Hua Tianming and the rest were aware of the gap between them.
In fact, although the Drifting Cloud Sect was a second-rank sect like the Blue Cloud Sect, the Drifting Cloud Sect was a sect in the Central Domain. The Central Domain was rich, had a large population, and was many times larger than the Eastern Domain. Naturally, it had more talents.
Therefore, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples were also stronger, so the Cloud Hall naturally gave out more slots than the Blue Cloud Sect.
One couldn't blame the Cloud Hall for being biased. Resources would always be tilted towards the stronger side. For example, when the Lone Sky Peak participated in the Peak Tournament, there were dozens of people from the Lone Sky Peak, but there were only eight people from the entire Xiao Yufeng Peak. This was because of the difference in strength.
Wei Yulong and Shi Jingtian had a certain competitive relationship. They were both deacons of the Cloud Hall. Whoever could recommend more geniuses to the Cloud Hall would have more merits.
Previously, Wei Yulong had been fiercely suppressing Shi Jingtian. His Drifting Cloud Sect was far superior to the Blue Cloud Sect in terms of both numbers and quality.
However, a turning point appeared in the opening of the last Trial Tester's Road. In the last Trial Tester's Road, Li Yifeng appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect.
At that time, Li Yifeng swept through the Blue Cloud Sect's disciples in an almost invincible manner. He should have achieved a good result in the trial by fire. Shi Jingtian also had high hopes that he could suppress the Drifting Cloud Sect. In the end, Li Yifeng actually fell asleep in the trial by fire.
Because of this, Wei Yulong and the others mocked Shi Jingtian for a long time. Therefore, Shi Jingtian didn't like Li Yifeng.
The results of the trial by fire were very important to the Sect Masters of the second-grade sects. This was because the number of disciples they recommended for the Cloud Hall and the level of their geniuses were very important. The number of disciples who passed the trial by fire and the quality of their results would directly affect the assessment, evaluation, and various rewards of the Cloud Hall for the Sect Masters.
Shi Jingtian didn't say anything, but that didn't mean that Wei Yulong wouldn't say anything. He sized up the three people that Shi Jingtian brought with him and a trace of ridicule suddenly appeared on his face. "Brother Shi, did I see wrongly? In the past three years, the Blue Cloud Sect seems to be getting worse and worse. Has their talent withered to such an extent? "
Shi Jingtian's team only had one Divine Reflection Realm expert, and that was Pei Tianyao. Hua Tianming was at the peak of the Xiantian Realm. Luo Zheng was even more exaggerated, at the peak of the Xiantian Realm. Was this guy here to be funny?
"I just noticed it. Oh my god, can the Blue Cloud Sect still be considered a second-grade sect? Don't they have hundreds of thousands of disciples? Can't they even find three Divine Reflection Realm experts? "
"That's probably the case. The east side is a desolate land. Martial artists from that small place are probably at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm."
"The funniest thing is that they are only at the peak of the Xiantian Realm. Haha, a peak of the Xiantian Realm. With this kind of strength, even our Drifting Cloud Sect's inner court disciples can't enter the Path of the Blue Cloud Sect. I really envy them. If I had known earlier, I would have let my little brother register at the Blue Cloud Sect. He would have definitely swept through the Blue Cloud Sect and entered the Path of the Cultivators. Unfortunately, my little brother's strength is only a little lower than mine, so he couldn't enter the top ten. He has no chance of entering the Path of the Cultivators … Damn, these idiots from the Blue Cloud Sect are really lucky."
After Wei Yulong finished speaking, the nine disciples behind him also began to discuss.
Shi Jingtian didn't have a good temper. The reason why he didn't say anything was because he remembered that he had bragged too much during the Path of the Cultivators. He had vowed that Li Yifeng would obtain first place, but in the end, he had become a joke. This time, he simply didn't say anything! Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao, none of them were easy to deal with. He would have to wait until their results were out.
But, did those idiots from the Drifting Cloud Sect really think they were Bodhisattvas? Just a few little Divine Reflection brats, how dare they criticize the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect in front of daddy? Shi Jingtian was a very protective person. For example, when Luo Yan was taken away, if it was any other Sect Chief, they would think it was natural, because it was something that couldn't be stopped. However, Shi Jingtian was blaming himself for it.
"Hmph, you bunch of juniors, don't you know you'll have to pay the price for talking nonsense?" Shi Jingtian coldly harrumphed, then he unleashed his powerful energy and enveloped the nine disciples from the Drifting Cloud Sect.
The expressions of the nine disciples from the Drifting Cloud Sect changed. Shi Jingtian was a Divine Core warrior, and his aura was powerful enough to crush anyone to death.
However, Wei Yulong waved his hand and unleashed a yellow barrier that blocked half of Shi Jingtian's energy. After that, he said with a smile on his face, "Brother Shi, those juniors were just talking nonsense, don't take it seriously. Why bother arguing with them?"
When Wei Yulong called them juniors, he easily brushed this matter aside. Of course, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao wouldn't let Shi Jingtian suffer any losses.
However, Luo Zheng had taken first place in the All-Peak Competition, and the three of them had taken Luo Zheng as their backbone. Therefore, both of them turned their attention to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had been in a daze ever since he walked out of the formation. He kept looking around, and no one knew what he was looking at.
Luo Zheng was in a daze right now. After he had seen through the Spatial Laws, he didn't notice anything strange when he was in the portal. But, when he walked out of the portal, a strange thing happened.
He could sense that the space around him had undergone a huge change in his field of vision.
It was as if the outline of every object had deepened, giving them a more three-dimensional feeling. Luo Zheng was now able to accurately determine their length, width, and height …
This was probably the effect of his understanding of the Spatial Laws. Although it didn't seem to have much effect on him, Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess, and he couldn't concentrate.
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng!" Hua Tianming patted Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"What?" Only now did Luo Zheng realize what had happened.
When the crowd saw Luo Zheng's silly reaction, the disciples from the Drifting Cloud Sect immediately burst into laughter.
"Hahaha, this little guy of Xiantian third stage looks so silly, I think there is something wrong with his brain!"
"I guess so. I wonder how a guy with a brain problem like him can participate in the trial?"