Shi Jingtian had a look of disdain on his face when he heard the group of Illuminating God realm disciples mocking Luo Zheng. He knew why Luo Zheng was in a daze. Thinking of this, he said loudly, "Before mocking others, you have to look at your own strength first. Luo Zheng, you just passed through the space storm and felt a trace of space rule, right? It's normal for you to feel a little dizzy when looking at things. Once you get used to it, there won't be any problem. This space rule is something that even old guys like us are envious of. You have to consolidate this trace of space rule and then use it well! "
Luo Zheng nodded and replied, "Disciple understands."
"What?" Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Wei Yulong was shocked and stared at Luo Zheng. From Shi Jingtian's tone, it didn't seem like he was lying. Moreover, he had heard that there were some extremely talented disciples in this world who could comprehend space rule in the space channel. There were even some monstrous geniuses who practiced space rule through the space storm.
However, Wei Yulong immediately shook his head and said with a smile, "Brother Shi, I don't believe your words!" He was very clear about what it meant to comprehend a trace of heaven and earth rule. Even people like him and Shi Jingtian couldn't come in contact with this level of heaven and earth rule, let alone practice it.
Shi Jingtian shrugged his shoulders and said, "Wei Yulong, I'm not saying this for you to hear. No one is forcing you to believe me."
"Bullshit, that's impossible!"
"I don't believe that a Xiantian third stage can comprehend space rule!"
After all, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples were from the central region, and they were quite knowledgeable. Many of them had heard of the Spatial Law, and it was not something they could come into contact with at their level. As for Luo Zheng, it was even more impossible for him to come into contact with it. They thought that Shi Jingtian had lost face and deliberately said such words to save his face.
In fact, Wei Yulong also thought so.
"Bullshit?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Although he was dizzy a moment ago, it didn't mean that he didn't hear Wei Yulong and his disciples mocking the Blue Cloud Sect. Shi Jingtian held his breath. As a disciple, he naturally had to stand up for them.
Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Since this junior can say whatever he wants, then as a junior, I can say whatever I want as well. In my opinion, your Drifting Cloud Sect is worse than trash. You have nine Illuminating Spirit Realm cultivators, but you have quantity but no quality. Not a single one of you is a match for me. All of you will be kneeling on the ground looking for teeth!"
.... "Luo Zheng's words.......................... . I like..
Shi Jingtian was a bold person and he couldn't stand cowardly people. Luo Zheng's words had helped them regain their dignity. Naturally, Shi Jingtian was satisfied with the outcome.
...........................
If Pei Tianyao had said such words, the Drifting Cloud Sect disciples wouldn't have been so angry. But since when did a Xiantian third stage disciple have the right to jump around?
"Blue Cloud Sect's boy, who do you think you are? You dare to call us trash? If you have the ability, then let's exchange pointers when we reach the destination. If you don't have the guts to accept this challenge, then it shows that you have nothing but a big mouth! Bullshit! "
"Hey, a Xiantian third stage disciple calling a Illuminating God realm disciple trash? How ironic! It seems that we can only exchange pointers to prove it! "
The Drifting Cloud Sect disciples suddenly shouted. Obviously, they wouldn't give up until they found Luo Zheng to fight.
Shi Jingtian and Wei Yulong didn't speak. Both sides were planning to let their juniors come forward and suppress the opposing juniors!
At this time, Hua Tianming stood in front of them and said, "Luo Zheng is the champion of our All-Peak Competition. He is also the number one disciple of our Blue Cloud Sect. I will accept your challenge first. If you can't even get past me, then don't even think about challenging Luo Zheng!"
"What? That boy is still the number one disciple of your Blue Cloud Sect? "
The Drifting Cloud Sect disciples were stunned again.
What was going on with this Blue Cloud Sect? Was their strength calculated in reverse?
In their opinion, the strongest among the three disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect was undoubtedly Pei Tianyao, followed by Hua Tianming, and finally, the Xiantian third stage boy.
But Hua Tianming suddenly said that Luo Zheng was the number one disciple …
This was beyond common sense, and they couldn't accept it.
"Hmph, that's fine. Let's deal with this boy with a sword on his back first and then trample on that Xiantian third stage guy!" A bald disciple of the Drifting Cloud Sect who had just entered the Illuminating God Realm sneered.
Hearing the bald disciple's words, the other Drifting Cloud Sect disciples quickly said, "Senior Brother Ye Qiu, you don't need to come forward. I can deal with that boy myself!"
"Yes, Senior Brother Ye Qiu is the number one disciple of our Drifting Cloud Sect. Why would we need you to come forward to deal with this Blue Cloud Sect guy?"
Ye Qiu shook his head and said, "You guys still need to conserve your strength and strive to achieve a good result in the Trial Challengers' Path. Dealing with them won't consume much of my strength."
While they were talking, they had already arrived at their destination, a semicircular platform.
At the end of the platform was the entrance to the Trial Challengers' Path. But at this moment, everyone's attention was on the spar between the top disciples of the two sects.
After landing, Wei Yulong laughed mischievously and said, "Ye Qiu, this is only a spar. Our two sects are of the same origin. If we accidentally injure each other, it will inevitably damage our relationship!"
These words sounded true. If you didn't deliberately indulge your disciple's provocation, how could there be a spar? However, there was still some time before the Trial Challengers' Path opened. Moreover, among the sects under the jurisdiction of the Cloud Hall, only the Blue Cloud Sect and the Drifting Cloud Sect had come. The disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect, the Magic Cloud Sect, the Misty Cloud Sect, and the Cloud Hall hadn't come yet.
Therefore, it wasn't a bad idea to wait here and have a spar. Moreover, Shi Jingtian was very confident in his three disciples.
Luo Zheng wasn't an exception. Sometimes, the things he did could scare him, the Sect Master. Pei Tianyao was an extremely strong disciple. Hua Tianming's talent was extremely high and his attainments in the Sword Dao were admirable.
These three disciples were top-notch existences in any Peak Competition. The Blue Cloud Sect was indeed full of capable people this time.
Thinking of this, Shi Jingtian smiled slyly and patted Hua Tianming's shoulder. "Defeat him and I'll reward you with a mid-grade Immortal Grade Treasure Sword!"
When Hua Tianming heard Shi Jingtian's words, he immediately became excited. Although he already had a low-grade Immortal Grade Treasure Sword in his hand, as a person who loved swords, naturally, the more the better. Even if he couldn't use it, it would be good to keep it.
"Sect Master Shi, rest assured. This disciple will not let you down!"
Hua Tianming was also a very conceited person. His strength was not inferior to Li Yifeng's three years ago. Unfortunately, in this year's Blue Cloud Sect, there was Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng, which forcibly overshadowed Hua Tianming's glory.
The platform was very spacious. After the crowd made way, Hua Tianming and Ye Qiu stood face to face.
Facing Hua Tianming, Ye Qiu suddenly shook his head and smiled. "You're Hua Tianming, right? I don't think you're qualified to be my opponent. "
"Why?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
"Because I'm the first in the Drifting Cloud Sect, and you're only the third in the Blue Cloud Sect." Ye Qiu sneered. "Fighting with me is too flattering."
A trace of a smile appeared on Hua Tianming's cold face. "So that's how it is. Actually, I think Luo Zheng is right. Your Drifting Cloud Sect … is too weak. Even the first place is only this strong." After saying this, Hua Tianming drew his Corrosive Blood Sword.
"Hahahaha." Ye Qiu laughed wildly and pulled out the sword in his hand. His sword was green all over. Obviously, it was also an Immortal Artifact. Moreover, it was a middle-grade Immortal Artifact. "My sword is called the Dragon Abyss Sword! A mid-grade Immortal Grade Treasure! My weapon's grade is higher than yours. Moreover, I'll let you understand what great success in sword intent is! "
Hearing Ye Qiu's words, the other eight disciples of the Drifting Cloud Sect revealed proud expressions. Their Drifting Cloud Sect didn't have a sect wide competition. Instead, it was called the Sect Wide Competition. This time, Ye Qiu relied on his great success in sword intent to shine in the Sect Wide Competition! He was invincible!
"Eldest Senior Brother is mighty! Let these country bumpkins see what great success in sword intent is! "
"Heh, this great success in sword intent is probably going to scare them to death!"
"Eldest Senior Brother comprehended great success in sword intent at the age of nineteen. In the future, he'll definitely be a sword grandmaster. In the entire Central Domain, this result is very good!"
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng, Pei Tianyao, and Hua Tianming revealed strange expressions.
Since when could great success in sword intent be bragged to this extent? This was the first place of the Drifting Cloud Sect's Sect Wide Competition?
＝＝＝＝＝