It was no wonder that Luo Zheng and the others found it strange.
This illusory sword intent didn't have a clear cultivation method. Anyone who could comprehend the sword intent must have had a great opportunity.
Hua Tianming could kill everyone with his Great Success Sword Intent, and there were few opponents in the All-Peak Competition. He was only defeated when he met Luo Zheng, who also had Great Success Sword Intent, and both of them had comprehended perfect Sword Intent at the same time.
Two disciples with perfect Sword Intent had suddenly appeared in the All-Peak Competition, so it seemed that Great Success Sword Intent was worthless.
In fact, Great Success Sword Intent was not a cabbage that could be picked up easily.
It was a treasure among treasures in any second-grade sect. Even the Cloud Hall attached great importance to disciples who had comprehended Sword Intent. Even if they only had Minor Success Sword Intent, they would also cultivate them. Although it was impossible to be sure that a disciple who had comprehended Minor Success Sword Intent would comprehend Great Success Sword Intent, as long as there was a possibility, all sects would not give up.
Sword Intent cyclones formed on Ye Qiu's Long Yuan Sword. Ye Qiu's face was filled with pride as he pointed the tip of his sword at Hua Tianming. "Show me your sword technique!"
Hua Tianming smiled slightly. His Corrosive Blood Sword shook slightly, and similarly, cyclones of Sword Intent appeared. The cyclones of Sword Intent were larger and fuller, and the Sword Intent contained in them had a perfect shape. Not only that, but they also contained streaks of lightning.
"Extreme Thunder Sword Intent!"
When Ye Qiu saw the perfect Sword Intent lingering on Hua Tianming's Corrosive Blood Sword, his pupils instantly widened, and the corner of his mouth twitched. "This, this is … perfect Sword Intent …"
"Am I seeing things? The third place of the Blue Cloud Sect has comprehended perfect Sword Intent? And there is a trace of special lightning attribute in his Sword Intent? "
"No way, where did the Blue Cloud Sect find such a monstrous disciple …"
"I've misjudged. I'm afraid the Blue Cloud Sect is not simple this time, but I still don't believe it. This guy can't be third! He should be number one! "
Wei Yulong was also tongue-tied. Looking at the perfect Sword Intent on Hua Tianming's Devouring Blood Sword, his face was filled with disbelief. If Hua Tianming was ranked third, then the strength of these two fellows could only be even more abnormal. How did these monsters appear? How could the Blue Cloud Sect produce so many monstrous disciples?
Looking at the other party's expression, Shi Jingtian laughed in an unrefined manner. He laughed happily. This was the effect he wanted!
Three years ago, because of Li Yifeng's matter, Shi Jingtian had become a laughing stock. At that time, the person who made fun of him the most was Wei Yulong. Today, he had regained some of his face.
Ye Qiu stared at the perfect Sword Intent with a complicated expression. "This is not just an ordinary perfect Sword Intent. It also contains a trace of the Divine Thunder attribute. This Divine Thunder is not formed from your Zhen Yuan. How did you mix it into the Sword Intent?"
Hua Tianming would not lie, and he did not need to lie. He only replied indifferently, "I comprehended the perfect Sword Intent and entered the Sword Cleansing Pool to wash my sword. I mixed the Sword Intent with the Lightning to form the 'Extreme Lightning Sword Intent'!"
"Sword Cleansing Pool …" The corner of Ye Qiu's mouth twitched again.
The Sword Dao Holy Land was a place that every swordsman dreamed of! The Sword Cleansing Pool was a "half-step Holy Land" that could only be found by chance. However, such a place could only be found by chance. Even if he had to sacrifice half of his lifespan, he would still be willing to enter the Sword Cleansing Pool to wash his sword.
"This Hua Tianming's luck is too good." Ye Qiu sighed in his heart. He deeply felt that the heavens were unfair.
Seeing Ye Qiu's expression, Hua Tianming laughed in his heart. If Ye Qiu knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Sword Dao Holy Land, the "Slaughter Sword Mountain", he would probably faint.
"You are very powerful. At such a young age, you have comprehended the perfect Sword Intent, and you have great luck to enter the Sword Cleansing Pool to wash your Sword Intent. However, there is still a gap between our realms. Even if my Sword Intent is not as good as yours, I can still defeat you!"
Ye Qiu, who had suffered a mental breakdown, finally made his move.
"Flowing Water Sword Technique!"
His Dragon Abyss Sword lightly waved, and little ripples continuously spread out in the air. The sword in his hand and the person holding the sword seemed to have blended into the water. It was very gentle, very smooth, as if it was flowing water. When this sword pierced over, it seemed as if everything was logical, giving people a strange illusion.
It was as if this sword should have pierced Hua Tianming. This sword would have defeated Hua Tianming!
Not only did the people around him feel this way, even Hua Tianming himself felt this way.
Hua Tianming's mind was only affected for an extremely short period of time. However, a tiny bolt of lightning flashed in his eyes, and he instantly regained his clarity.
"This Flowing Water Sword Technique absorbs the power of flowing water, giving people the illusion that it is natural. It is indeed powerful, but … it is not as good as my Sky Sword!"
Facing Ye Qiu's attack, Hua Tianming used the Sword Steps, dodging left and right.
"Sword Steps … this guy has also comprehended it." Seeing Hua Tianming use the strange Sword Steps to easily avoid his Flowing Water Sword, Ye Qiu felt even more depressed. It seemed that the heavens were too kind to this guy!
However, Ye Qiu did not know that this was not only the heavens' pride, but also his hard work!
Ever since Hua Tianming started practicing the sword, he had not stopped for a single day. For more than ten years, even when eating or sleeping, he brought his sword with him.
Every martial artist who could reach this step relied not only on luck, but also on blood, sweat, perseverance, and hard work!
After putting some distance between himself and Ye Qiu, Hua Tianming suddenly raised the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand. The tip of the sword pointed to the sky, and then the Qi of Heaven and Earth suddenly began to surge. As the Qi of Heaven and Earth surged, the clouds in the sky faintly flickered with lightning!
"This is … Sky Sword!" Feeling the terrifying aura, Ye Qiu's expression suddenly changed.
The corners of Wei Yulong's eyes twitched. This guy had also learned Sky Sword. Even if he was beaten to death, he would not believe that Hua Tianming was only third in the Blue Cloud Sect!
That little guy at Xiantian Stage Three was a match for Hua Tianming? How was that possible!
Regardless of whether Wei Yulong believed it or not, Hua Tianming had already proven his strength.
The surging power of the heavens, mixed with the heavenly thunder, was attracted by Hua Tianming.
On that day, when Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng fought, although Hua Tianming had used the Washing Sword Pond to soften the thunder and lightning together, he had not used both Sky Sword and Heavenly Thunder together. After all, he had just comprehended the "Extreme Thunder Sword Intent", and he still needed time to adapt.
After a month of cultivation, Hua Tianming had gradually become proficient in it. When he activated the Force of the Firmament, he activated the Heavenly Thunder at the same time. When the two were activated at the same time, it created this terrifying scene.
"Brilliant Sword Seed, Imperial Power, Imperial Heavenly Thunder, Imperial Heavenly Thunder, Annihilation of the Universe … …"
Even when Luo Zheng and Pei Tianyao saw Hua Tianming's move, their hearts skipped a beat. Although Hua Tianming had lost to them, he was the type of person who could never be underestimated. In just a month, he had comprehended this move, and its power had increased!
"Oh no!"
Ye Qiu's face was ashen. He had been slowly gaining confidence, but now he could only blame himself for his cheap mouth. Why did he have to provoke these freaks from the Blue Cloud Sect?
What was the use of regretting now? He had no other choice but to face it head-on!
"Flowing Water Swordsmanship, Boundless Ocean!"
Waves as turbulent as the sea slowly surged out from Ye Qiu's side.
Now he could only hope that his Flowing Water Swordsmanship could block Hua Tianming's sword. Fortunately, his "Boundless Ocean" was also a sword technique used for defense. It had the appetite of the sea, and could swallow all moves.
He had once used this move to resolve the attacks of experts who were far stronger than him.
But when the two moves collided, the water ripples started to crumble …
Hua Tianming's power of the heavens mixed with the heavenly thunder, exuding an unstoppable power. It cut Ye Qiu's "Boundless Ocean" into pieces. This was a completely one-sided situation.
"Ding!"
Hua Tianming's sword pierced straight over, breaking Ye Qiu's "Boundless Ocean". At the same time, it heavily struck Ye Qiu's Long Yuan Sword.
The Long Yuan Sword flew out of Ye Qiu's hand, circled in the air, and steadily stabbed into the stone platform. With the Long Yuan Sword's sharpness, it stabbed into the stone platform as easily as stabbing into tofu.
"I … I lost … …" Ye Qiu stuttered. He had lost too quickly … …
Hua Tianming smiled faintly, sheathed his sword, and retreated behind Shi Jingtian.
The disciples of the Drifting Cloud Sect fell silent. Ye Qiu was the strongest among them, but even he had been easily defeated by Hua Tianming. How could they go up against him?
Wei Yulong smiled awkwardly. In the end, he cupped his hands towards Shi Jingtian. "I have to congratulate Brother Shi for accepting such a good disciple! With such a disciple entering the Cloud Hall, he will definitely be valued by the Cloud Hall! "
Shi Jingtian was unforgiving. He snorted and said, "It's alright. Hua Tianming's talent is not bad, but this time, he only took third place. Our Blue Cloud Sect has too few spots. Otherwise, there would be disciples who could participate in the Road of Challengers."
If Ye Qiu's strength was the standard, then Mo Yuxin and Wang Yun should have the strength to participate in the Road of Challengers. Unfortunately, the Blue Cloud Sect only had three spots.
"Oh? Brother Shi, a disciple with such talent like Hua Tianming only took third place. I saw that the first place was a Xiantian stage three disciple. How did this Xiantian stage three disciple defeat Hua Tianming? "Wei Yulong asked curiously.
Everyone in the Drifting Cloud Sect was puzzled by this question. If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed that Luo Zheng had the strength to defeat Hua Tianming.