Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples stared at Luo Zheng in unison. Some of them were even eager to give it a try.
No matter what Hua Tianming said about Luo Zheng's strength, Luo Zheng was still only at the Xiantian Stage Three. This was something that couldn't be changed. The difference in cultivation could be made up with real strength, but if the gap was too big, it would be very difficult to make up for it.
The difference between the Divine Reflection Stage and the Xiantian Stage was an entire stage. Perhaps Shi Jingtian would be able to get back his face from this brat.
Wei Yulong naturally considered this problem. His eldest disciple had been humiliated by the other party, so it wouldn't be right if he didn't get back at him. Moreover, Huo Diting, who was ranked second in the Drifting Cloud Sect, was almost on par with Ye Qiu. Ye Qiu had only defeated Huo Diting with a slight advantage.
If Huo Diting were to fight …
At this moment, Wei Yulong saw a crafty look flash across Shi Jingtian's face. Based on his intuition, Wei Yulong felt that something was wrong.
Shi Jingtian clearly knew that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian Stage Three, but he still took the initiative to let the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples challenge Luo Zheng. What did this mean?
This meant that Shi Jingtian was very confident in Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's strength was probably far above Hua Tianming's!
Now, Wei Yulong believed Shi Jingtian's words. If Luo Zheng was really so monstrous, then he might really have comprehended a trace of the Law of Space …
Wei Yulong didn't believe this inference, but he had made it anyway. This time, he chose to trust his intuition.
"Sect Master, I want to challenge him!" Huo Diting stood up and volunteered.
Wei Yulong shook his head and said, "No need. You still have to conserve your strength for the Azure Clouds Road Trial!"
"But!" Huo Diting understood Wei Yulong's concern. The Sect Master was afraid that he would lose face if he lost to Luo Zheng.
"I said no need." Wei Yulong's face darkened.
Huo Diting's heart thumped. After all, Wei Yulong was the Sect Master. He was a top figure in the Drifting Cloud Sect. His words were the golden rule, more effective than the emperor's.
There was nothing they could do even if they were not convinced. How could they not listen to the Sect Master? Huo Shiting nodded and stepped back. However, he still glared at Luo Zheng unhappily.
Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao showed a trace of regret. They had suffered a loss in the hands of Luo Zheng, so they were more than happy to see others suffer a loss in the hands of Luo Zheng.
At this moment, another group of people came from not far away.
"The people from the Lucky Cloud Sect are here." Shi Jingtian narrowed his eyes and said calmly.
These people came very quickly. The leader of the group was an old man in white robes. His face was ruddy, and it seemed like he had taken good care of himself. The Magic Cloud Sect had a total of seven disciples participating in the Road of Trials. It seemed like the Magic Cloud Sect's overall strength was slightly weaker than the Drifting Cloud Sect's, so they had two fewer spots.
After greeting them, the old man in white robes led his disciples to find a place to wait quietly. The Magic Cloud Sect's disciples were also sizing up the disciples of the Drifting Cloud Sect and the Blue Cloud Sect. Their eyes were full of provocation.
The disciples who were able to participate in the Road of Trials were all top disciples in their sects. To be able to stand at the peak of their sects, they were naturally proud and arrogant people. Not to mention everything, they more or less looked down on the geniuses of other Sects.
The people from the Magic Cloud Sect arrived, and soon, the people from the Rosy Cloud Sect also arrived.
When the Rosy Cloud Sect arrived, the eyes of all the Sects' disciples suddenly lit up. Everyone's gaze was focused on the disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect.
There was no other reason. The Rosy Cloud Sect was a second-grade female Sect. All the disciples in the Sect were female.
The top disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect were as beautiful as flowers. More importantly, they were also very talented and powerful. If they could be chosen as partners, they would be very suitable.
Therefore, when the Rosy Cloud Sect arrived, many disciples wanted to strike up a conversation with them. Some of them even whistled directly.
Unfortunately, the Sect Master of the Rosy Cloud Sect was a dark-faced old woman. This old woman had a very fiery temper. With just a shout, she made these top disciples behave themselves. Shi Jingtian, Wei Yulong and the old man in white robes of the Magic Cloud Sect also knew that the dark-faced old woman was not to be trifled with.
After waiting for about an incense stick's worth of time, the people of the Misty Cloud Sect arrived, and the people of the Cloud Hall also arrived.
In addition to the disciples of the five second-grade Sects under the jurisdiction of the Cloud Hall, there were also disciples from the Cloud Hall who would participate in the Road of Trials.
This Road of Trials was actually a secret territory. In this secret territory, not only could the disciples complete the trials, but there were also great opportunities for them to explore.
However, this secret territory had a strength limit. The Cloud Hall could only send warriors of Xiantian stage three at most. Those with strength higher than this couldn't enter.
This was also the reason why the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect were limited to Illuminating stage three. Once they exceeded this stage, they would be expelled from the Blue Cloud Sect and would no longer be a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect. Instead, they would be turned into deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect.
This was because after surpassing Illuminating stage three, they couldn't participate in the Road of Trials. Just like Li Yifeng who had broken through two or three times in a row, he was now at Illuminating stage six.
The disciples of the Cloud Hall were all wearing white robes. They looked straight ahead with a serious expression, as if they didn't see the disciples of other Sects.
"Hey, these disciples of the Cloud Hall are so arrogant," Hua Tianming whispered.
Luo Zheng nodded. "No wonder they are so arrogant. According to the Sect Leader, Sects are also divided into ranks. Our Blue Cloud Sect is only a second-grade Sect, and we are only a small Sect supported by the Blue Cloud Sect. The Cloud Hall is a fourth-grade Sect. How can the disciples of such a large Sect not be arrogant?"
The disciples of the Cloud Hall weren't just arrogant. A few of them were exuding a powerful aura.
For a Illuminating stage cultivator to have such an aura, they must be like Mo Yuxin. They must have some kind of divine beast bloodline, or they must have some kind of special secret technique.
The disciples of the Cloud Hall really couldn't be underestimated.
The leader of the Cloud Hall was a middle-aged man. He looked about the same age as Shi Jingtian, but his strength and status were far above the Sect Leaders.
Because he had just arrived, Shi Jingtian, Wei Yulong, and the others all came forward to greet him.
This middle-aged man was called Fei Han. He was an Elder of the Cloud Hall. In terms of status, he was much higher than Shi Jingtian and the others. Shi Jingtian and the others could only be considered as ordinary attendants of the Cloud Hall.
"Alright, the Path of the Triennial Trial. All the disciples of the various Sects have arrived. We will now open the Path of the Triennial Trial. I believe your Sect Leaders have already explained the dangers of the Path of the Triennial Trial to you. I won't talk nonsense with you!"
After speaking, Fei Han quickly walked to the end of the platform.
At the end of the platform was a circular arched door. The arched door was full of potholes. Standing under the arched door, Fei Han waved his hand and True Origin Stones continuously shot out from his Sumeru Ring.
The True Origin Stones were densely packed. One by one, they were embedded in the small holes of the arched door.
"They are all top-grade True Origin Stones. Looking at the holes on the arched door, I'm afraid there are more than 200 holes … 200 top-grade True Origin Stones." Luo Zheng rubbed his nose. The Cloud Hall was indeed different. As a fourth-grade Sect, they were actually so generous.
Luo Zheng originally thought that he was quite rich. By smelting Xuan Tools and Spirit Tools, he could easily earn True Origin Stones. However, one million True Origin Stones were only equivalent to one top-grade True Origin Stone. These 200 top-grade True Origin Stones were equivalent to 400 million True Origin Stones …
With this amount of wealth, wouldn't he be able to buy the seven noble families?
Naturally, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who was surprised. Other than the Cloud Hall disciples, many other disciples looked at the top-grade True Origin Stones on the arched door with eager eyes.
After all the top-grade True Origin Stones were embedded, the huge arched door suddenly trembled. Then, a gray vortex appeared in the center of the dark arched door. The vortex constantly rotated, as if it could lead to hell.
Many disciples were eager to enter the vortex. If they could enter first, they would have a great advantage. However, everyone heard Fei Han say, "The road to the Trial Challengers has opened. Cloud Hall disciples go first!"
The white-clothed disciples of the Cloud Hall didn't panic. They swaggered in, but when they passed by the disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect and other sects, the corners of their mouths curled up.
Anyone who saw these guys' expressions would think that they were asking for a beating. However, the reputation of the Cloud Hall disciples was too great. They couldn't afford to offend them and could only endure.
"They all went in. Luo Zheng, let's go in too." Pei Tianyao said.