The Trial Tester's Path was a path of assessment for new disciples. At the same time, it was also a path of opportunity.
Not only could this path test a disciple's strength, but it could also test a disciple's luck! Some people might have strength, but their luck was insufficient. They could only obtain the treasures of the Trial Tester's Path. Some people had a lot of luck, but they didn't have the strength to obtain their own opportunities …
It felt different from the teleportation array. This Trial Tester's Path didn't seem to be a teleportation array. However, it was also different from the Blood Mountain of the Blue Cloud Sect. This was because it wasn't an illusion array.
After entering the whirlpool, Luo Zheng only felt like he had stepped through a door. Then, he saw that the surrounding scenery was completely different.
"Another world …" Hua Tianming looked into the distance and murmured.
The world in front of them was a completely unfamiliar world. It could be said that this was a broken world.
Before they set off, Shi Jingtian explained the Trial Tester's Path in detail to the three of them.
It turned out that there were many special secret realms in this world. These secret realms didn't even belong to this world. Just like the Massacre Sword Mountain that Luo Zheng entered when he comprehended Perfect Sword Intent, it didn't exist in this world. It was another world.
The Trial Tester's Path in front of them was actually a broken world. It was a treasure land left behind by an ancient sect.
This ancient sect might have been destroyed tens of thousands of years ago or even hundreds of thousands of years ago, turning into a ruin. In the end, this ruin fell into the hands of the Cloud Palace. The Cloud Palace sealed off the other entrances of the ruin and built a teleportation gate to take over this ruin.
However, the treasures and inheritances in the ruin had long been plundered. This Trial Tester's Path should have been left behind by this ancient sect to test their disciples. Therefore, the Cloud Hall used it to test the second-grade sects under the Cloud Hall and the disciples of the Cloud Hall.
Anyone who could pass the test could be regarded as an elite of the Cloud Hall and receive the best resources of the Cloud Hall.
"Let's go! I will be waiting for you at the end of the Trial Challenger's Road. "Pei Tianyao said with a faint smile as he stepped forward.
There was a large road in front of them, and there were many smaller roads extending from it. It seemed that the path of the trial challengers did not point to a single path. Choosing different paths would have different levels of difficulty.
Hua Tianming nodded and set off as well.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng remained where he was. He was in a daze again.
In a complete world, if one looked up at the sky, they would not be able to see the edge of the world. If one occupied the highest point, they would only be able to see the horizon at most. As for the places further away, they would only be able to see a vast expanse of emptiness.
However, this world was a broken world. In the sky, a large area of space was cut apart. There were many cracks on the edges of those spaces. Some of the cracks were like dog teeth. They were jagged, and some of the cracks drew a straight line that extended to the edge of the sky. It looked very strange.
Ever since Luo Zheng comprehended the rules of space, his perception of space had become very sensitive. Those fragments might be a messy line in the eyes of others, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, the edges of each crack seemed to be full of beauty.
To be able to break the space of this world, how much power did it take? Luo Zheng found this hard to imagine. Although he knew that there was a time limit to the road of trial challengers, and that once the top grade true essence was exhausted, the exit would close, he still couldn't hold himself back. He stood where he was and began to meditate!
At this time, Shi Jingtian, who was outside the arched door, frowned.
It was not difficult to observe the movements of each disciple through the letter tablet. Now, almost all the disciples had set off. Only Luo Zheng was standing alone at the door, looking at the sky in a daze. Naturally, the Sect Masters felt that it was strange.
"What's wrong with this kid?" Shi Jingtian had a strange expression on his face. He knew Luo Zheng's character and knew what kind of fate Luo Zheng was going to face. Luo Zheng's character was different from Li Yifeng's. He wouldn't do such a ridiculous thing. But why was he still standing there? Did something happen?
At this time, Wei Yulong suddenly smiled and said, "Brother Shi, could it be the same as last time? I remember that three years ago, there was a disciple called Li Yifeng in your Blue Cloud Sect. He seemed to have fallen asleep on the trial challengers' path, right? "
Hearing Wei Yulong's words, the other Sect Masters suddenly remembered. They could not help but smile.
Frankly speaking, the talent of Li Yifeng three years ago was indeed extraordinary. If it was not for the fact that he fell asleep, Li Yifeng would have been able to enter the Cloud Hall. Moreover, it was very likely that he would have gotten first place on the trial challengers' path. Unfortunately, that kid did not live up to expectations and fell asleep halfway. They still remembered Shi Jingtian's expression at that time. It was as if he wanted to kill someone …
Would the same thing happen again this time?
"It's okay, Brother Shi. The three disciples you brought this time are each more powerful than the other. The one ranked third is already so powerful. He has comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence. I think this kid should have comprehended it as well, right?" Wei Yulong laughed. He had always been brooding about Hua Tianming. It was not that he hated Hua Tianming. He just felt that the Blue Cloud Sect was too lucky to have a disciple who had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence.
After hearing this, Fei Han asked, "Wei Yulong, you said that a disciple of the Blue Cloud Sect comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence?"
Wei Yulong nodded and said with a smile, "Yes, Old Fei. Moreover, he has comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent. However, he is ranked third in the Blue Cloud Sect. I find it strange that he is ranked third despite being so powerful.
Fei Han nodded. His interest was piqued and he continued to ask, "That's right. Perfect Sword Intent. Even the Cloud Palace will pay attention to it. However, he is only ranked third. Shi Jingtian, can the top two really defeat the disciple with perfect Sword Intent?"
Wei Yulong was waiting for these words. His status was similar to Shi Jingtian's, so Shi Jingtian could completely ignore him. However, Shi Jingtian could not ignore the words of an elder of the Cloud Hall!
Shi Jingtian nodded and said with a smile, "Elder Fei, our Blue Cloud Sect's competition is held among hundreds of thousands of disciples. Naturally, it is impossible to fake the results. Hua Tianming is indeed ranked third. Now, the disciple who is in a daze outside the stone gate is the first in our Blue Cloud Sect."
"Xiantian third stage, first in the Blue Cloud Sect?" Even Fei Han couldn't believe it. Facing Hua Tianming who had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, this little Xiantian third stage disciple might not even be able to fight back.
Fei Han's strength far surpassed all of these Divine Core Sect Chiefs, but even with his experience, he couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng could defeat Hua Tianming.
Unexpectedly, Shi Jingtian smiled and said honestly, "Although the Perfect Sword Essence is powerful, it's not unsolvable. Hua Tianming has comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, and so has this Luo Zheng. Furthermore, after he comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, he obtained a great fortune, and I think this fortune is even greater than the one he obtained from the Sword Washing Pool!"
Hearing Shi Jingtian's words, Wei Yulong coughed a few times. He was a Divine Core warrior, and his control over his body had reached an unimaginable level. But right now, he couldn't help but cough. It wasn't hard to imagine that he was really provoked by Shi Jingtian.
Shi Jingtian's words were too awesome. What did he mean by "powerful"? What did he mean by "not unsolvable"? Wei Yulong was already very proud of his disciple who had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, but this little guy brought by Shi Jingtian had comprehended the Perfect Sword Essence, and there were two of them?
All the other Sect Chiefs had shocked or envious expressions on their faces. Even Fei Han furrowed his brows and said, "How could a Xiantian third stage disciple obtain such a great fortune? According to the ancient books, the Sword Washing Pool is a half-step Saint land, and you said this little guy's fortune is even greater than a half-step Saint land? Could it be that he went to a Holy Land of the Dao of the Sword? "
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, "Although he didn't tell me which Holy Land he went to, I can tell from the ferocious aura coming from his body that he went to one of the three Holy Lands of the Dao of the Sword, the Slaughter Sword Mountain."
Fei Han's expression finally changed. There were good and bad Holy Lands, and the Slaughter Sword Mountain was one of the three Holy Lands of the Dao of the Sword, and it was one of the top Holy Lands. The fortune of this little Xiantian third stage disciple even made Fei Han envious!
＝＝＝＝＝