"Hehe, what a lucky little fellow! With this little fellow's talent, if he can get into the top 5 in this year's Path of Trials, I can consider asking him for a 'Profound Cloud Pill'." Fei Han said in an indifferent tone.
Hearing Fei Han's words, Shi Jingtian and the others' expressions immediately changed.
Profound Cloud Pill!
This was a secret pill unique to the Cloud Hall. Even if Shi Jingtian, Wei Yulong, and the other deacons wanted one, it would be extremely difficult. They would only be able to obtain one if they performed a great service.
After consuming the Profound Cloud Pill, there were no side effects. This secret pill could directly affect a cultivator's foundation, and after consuming it, it could help stabilize a cultivator's foundation, allowing them to break through to the next realm with a stronger foundation.
Right now, even Shi Jingtian couldn't help but feel that this was unfair.
Why did all these Sect Chiefs work so hard to raise a Second Grade Sect disciple and give him to the Cloud Hall? It was all for the Cloud Hall's rewards.
But before he could even see the benefits, Elder Fei Han had actually given him such a great reward. Although Luo Zheng was raised by Shi Jingtian, and he was proud of it.
However, as a Divine Core warrior, Shi Jingtian had a great need for pills.
Elder Fei Han noticed Shi Jingtian's emotional fluctuation. With a smile on his face, he said, "Old Shi, if Luo Zheng can get into the top 5, I'll definitely give you a recommendation, and the Cloud Hall's rewards will be great as well."
Hearing what Fei Han said, Shi Jingtian let out a smile. "Thank you, Elder Fei!"
The other Sect Chiefs didn't show any excitement on their faces, but in their minds, they were all thinking, 'Get into the top 5? Keep dreaming! When has a disciple from any of the five Second Grade Sects ever gotten into the top 5? '
The five Second Grade Sects, Blue Cloud Sect, Lucky Cloud Sect, Rosy Cloud Sect, Misty Cloud Sect, and Drifting Cloud Sect, would send a large number of disciples to the Cloud Hall each time. In total, there were about 40 to 50 disciples, and the Cloud Hall also had 40 to 50 disciples.
However, the difference in standard between the disciples of the five great second-grade sects and the disciples of the Cloud Hall was like heaven and earth!
Not to mention entering the top five, even entering the top ten was rare. In the past 100 years, only the Colorful Cloud Sect and the Magic Cloud Sect had two geniuses who obtained the eighth and ninth positions respectively. Other than that, the Cloud Hall's disciples usually occupied the top ten positions.
The last time the Path of Challengers opened, Shi Jingtian had said that Li Yifeng would be able to take first place. He had been ridiculed by everyone, but in reality, everyone was still envious because Li Yifeng had maintained first place in the first half of the Path of Challengers. However, that fellow was ultimately a good-for-nothing and ended up making a fool of himself in the end.
If what Shi Jingtian said was true, then the Cloud Hall would definitely not let go of a disciple like Luo Zheng, but after all, he was only at the Xiantian third stage and the difference in cultivation level was too big. So, how could he compete with the disciples of the Cloud Hall?
Moreover, the disciples of the Cloud Hall were even more monstrous than the disciples of the Cloud Hall. One must know that the disciples of the Cloud Hall were originally selected from millions or even tens of millions of warriors, and the disciples of the Cloud Hall who had come to participate in the Path of Challengers were the best of the best. They were the super elites selected from the disciples of the Cloud Hall!
The small Blue Cloud Sect, whether it was resources, cultivation methods, or inheritances, all came from the Cloud Hall. So, how could it be compared with the Cloud Hall, a fourth-grade sect?
Therefore, for the five second-grade sects, if one or two genius disciples could pass the Path of Challengers and enter the Cloud Hall, it would be considered a meritorious service. This would prove the value of their sect's existence, so how could they dare to compete for the top five positions?
"But this brat is still standing at the door. I'm afraid he won't have a chance," Fei Han shook his head. During their conversation, Luo Zheng hadn't moved a single step and was still standing at the door in a daze.
"This brat!" Shi Jingtian was also somewhat anxious. He couldn't wait to use his whip to whip Luo Zheng's back. Luo Zheng just stood there motionlessly and looked at the sky. What was there to see?
What was there to see? Shi Jingtian was suddenly startled. He found that he had found the answer and his face revealed a wry smile, "I think I know what this brat is doing."
"What is he doing?" Fei Han asked curiously.
"The Path of Challengers is an independent secret territory. At the same time, it is also a fragmented space. There are pieces of space fragments floating in the sky … this brat is most likely comprehending the space law," Shi Jingtian shook his head and said with a wry smile.
Shi Jingtian's mood was really contradictory. On one hand, he was proud of Luo Zheng's monstrous talent. Luo Zheng had given him a lot of face, but on the other hand, why was he just standing there and comprehending? It was the assessment time!
"Space law! Old Shi, are you joking? "Even Elder Fei Han took a deep breath and said.
"Enough! Shi Jingtian, you have been praising this Xiantian third stage brat since a moment ago. I didn't expect that the more you boasted, the more ridiculous it became. Not only did he have perfect sword intent, but now he even comprehended the space law. Are you done yet? I advise you not to make a fool out of yourself like Li Yifeng did last time! "The black faced old woman of Colorful Clouds Sect said impatiently.
Except for Shi Jingtian himself, no one had seen Luo Zheng fight. Shi Jingtian had attracted Fei Han's attention and the other sect masters' limelight had been snatched away. It would be strange if they were in a good mood.
The sect masters of Magic Cloud Sect and Misty Cloud Sect were able to endure, but this black faced old woman had a bad temper.
"Grandma Long, I, Shi Jingtian, never tell lies. Even if you don't believe me, no one will force you to believe me. I brought Luo Zheng into the transmission array and when we encountered the space storm, he … …" Shi Jingtian continued.
"Lie, keep lying!" Grandma Long said with a black face.
At this time, Fei Han suddenly said: "This brat finally moved!"
The other sect masters shifted their gaze to the letter tablet and stared at Luo Zheng.
Frankly speaking, these sect masters were more interested in the performance of their own sect's disciples, but unfortunately, there was only one letter tablet in front of them. Moreover, Fei Han had become interested in Luo Zheng because of Shi Jingtian's words and fixed his vision on Luo Zheng, so they had no opportunity to observe their own sect's disciples. This was also the reason why the other sect masters vented their anger on Shi Jingtian. What? Every sect has geniuses, but Luo Zheng is your sect's treasure? Our Colorful Clouds Sect, Magic Cloud Sect and Misty Cloud Sect don't have geniuses?
There were more and more lines in the sky … …
Luo Zheng looked at the slowly moving space fragments. These fragments were similar to clouds and were being blown by the space storm. They were slowly moving, colliding, splitting and fusing … …
However, these things were probably happening very far away in the sky. Luo Zheng didn't have the opportunity to see what was going on. Even if he went up, with his current strength, he would probably be instantly killed by the space fragments.
When Luo Zheng shifted his gaze down, a bitter smile appeared on his face again. Through the visualization, Luo Zheng realized that the lines in his vision didn't decrease. Instead, they were increasing.
Previously, Luo Zheng could see large buildings and mountains in the distance. He could see thin lines outlining their outlines.
Now, Luo Zheng discovered some lines. They were only an inch long and a foot long. Moreover, they were everywhere in this world. They were densely packed!
"What are these lines? They aren't space cracks. If there were so many space cracks, I'm afraid none of us would have survived! "Luo Zheng walked towards one of the lines and extended his finger to touch it.
There was no sense of touch. It was as if these lines were just a visual error. In fact, these lines didn't exist.
However, when Luo Zheng's hand stopped there for two or three breaths, he suddenly felt a trace of abnormality!
Then, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became blurred. He felt as if he was moving along this thin line.
This thin line was only a foot long, which was about the length of an adult's step. Luo Zheng felt that he could move freely within this foot long distance. Moreover, he was moving at a terrifying speed!
This speed made Luo Zheng's figure become illusory. It was as if there were countless illusory figures of Luo Zheng appearing in this foot long space!
These weren't afterimages caused by high-speed movements. Afterimages caused by high-speed movements were just illusions. However, Luo Zheng's illusory figures appeared and disappeared at the same time … …
Luo Zheng's legs didn't move at all, but his entire body moved along the thin line by a foot. Even Luo Zheng himself felt that it was strange, as if he was a ghost, moving horizontally by a foot.
"This way of moving is really strange. It's quite interesting … …" Luo Zheng moved away from this foot long line and found another half a foot long line in front of him. The moment he touched that line, he moved another half a foot forward like a ghost.
After he set off, he kept looking for those short lines and moved himself through them … …
This way of moving wasn't fast. Each line could only move about a foot or even half a foot. Moreover, he had to deliberately get close to those lines. The reason why he did this was that Luo Zheng found it interesting. At the same time, he was thinking about the use of this ability.