Among these disciples, there were two female disciples. Without a doubt, they were disciples of the Colorful Clouds Sect. There were also two male disciples.
After these two male disciples saw Luo Zheng, their eyes flashed with a touch of disdain. These two disciples were elite disciples of Misty Cloud Sect. When their sect leader had led them here, they had already noticed Luo Zheng.
Even ordinary Divine Reflection disciples were disdained by these elite disciples, let alone Luo Zheng who was a Xiantian life form.
In fact, the five major sects and the Cloud Hall had sent disciples who had just entered the Divine Reflection realm. Except for the two weirdos, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming, they were Xiantian life forms.
Among them, Luo Zheng was at Xiantian stage three.
A Xiantian stage three guy mixed in with a bunch of Divine Reflection realm disciples. No matter how low-key he was, he was still as eye-catching as a firefly on a summer night.
Luo Zheng didn't plan to go over, and just like them, he quietly waited. He even noticed that there was a black line more than a dozen feet long in the sky above the magma sea. If Luo Zheng could touch that line, using his understanding of space, he could move more than a dozen feet forward.
But it was useless. This magma sea was boundless, and if he wanted to cross this magma sea, he would have to rush out dozens or hundreds of miles. This little distance was useless.
At this time, one of the male disciples suddenly waved towards Luo Zheng and said indifferently: "You, come here!"
Luo Zheng didn't move, and his complexion slightly sank, "What's the matter?"
"We told you to come here, so you come here. Why are you talking so much nonsense?" Another Misty Cloud Sect disciple said coldly.
These two disciples obviously didn't take Luo Zheng seriously. What's more, in their opinion, a Xiantian stage three guy should be ordered around by them.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to say a few words to provoke these two fellows, but after thinking about it, he decided against it. The path of a trial challenger was different from the Trial of Blood and Fire. In the Trial of Blood and Fire, one could kill each other. Moreover, the illusion array protected the disciples within the illusion array very well.
But the road of challengers was not an illusion matrix. Once you died, you died, and there was no second life.
What's more, everyone's purpose was to pass the road of challengers, not to fight.
The key point was that Luo Zheng could inquire about the magma sea through them.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng walked towards them with a big smile, "What's the matter, brothers?"
"I'm telling you, after this Heaven Burning Sea of Flames recedes, you'll be the first to rush to the front and open up a path. Do you hear me?" That male disciple said fiercely. He probably thought that people like Luo Zheng would be subdued by just showing some face.
The female disciple of the Iridescent Clouds Sect sized up Luo Zheng and said in a sweet voice, "Brother Pang, you don't have to be so fierce!"
Senior Brother Pang chuckled and said, "What's the big deal? If he wasn't fierce, how could this fellow be obedient? For a Xiantian third stage martial artist to enter the road of challengers, the rules of the Cloud Hall are too unbalanced. In the future, if I become an elder of the Cloud Hall, then I will certainly change these broken rules. "
"Elder of the Cloud Hall, Brother Pang is really ambitious." Another female disciple of the Iridescent Clouds Sect said with a smile.
That disciple surnamed Pang was bragging to the two female disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, but Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to it. Instead, he paid attention to the details of these words. It turned out that this sea of magma was called the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames, and unexpectedly, it would rise and fall … … in other words, the real path would appear after the tide recedes.
Luo Zheng guessed that the first few waves of disciples had already rushed through the sea of magma sea, and now they had to wait for the next wave of magma sea to recede.
And this guy wanted him to open up a path. Presumably, after the tide recedes, some dangers would appear, so he wanted him to rush to the front.
In that case, he would rush to the front … … Luo Zheng thought in his heart.
After waiting for about an incense stick's worth of time, suddenly, the magma sea in front of them began to violently fluctuate.
"Gudong, gudong, gudong … …"
A huge magma bubble burst open, emitting a terrifying heat.
"The Heaven Burning Sea of Flames has begun to recede!" The disciple surnamed Pang shouted, and then said to Luo Zheng with a fiendish expression, "In a moment, a path will appear in the sea. Hurry up and rush for me!"
"I told you to rush, so rush. What nonsense are you talking about?" The disciple surnamed Pang said coldly.
As the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames continued to recede, Luo Zheng saw circular stone blocks appear on the horizon of the sea of flames. Each stone block was about the size of a round table, and they were separated by seven or eight meters. As long as one stepped on these round tables, they could jump over.
Since he understood how to pass through the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames, Luo Zheng was simply too lazy to pay attention to this disciple surnamed Pang. With a stride, he turned into a gust of wind, rushed out, and jumped onto the stone block.
"Aiya, this kid is quite fast!" The disciple surnamed Pang's face revealed a look of surprise, and then he said, "Junior Brother Zhao, Junior Sister Xin, Junior Sister Yao, let's go!" Finished speaking, the four disciples followed closely behind Luo Zheng and jumped onto the stone block.
Jumping along the stone block, Luo Zheng's speed didn't slow down by much. Even if the Heaven Burning Sea of Flames spanned hundreds of miles, it wouldn't take long for him to cross it.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't even crossed two miles when a flame suddenly appeared in front of him. This flame wasn't a flame produced by magma, but seemed to have a life of its own.
"Flame Essence?"
Luo Zheng wrinkled his eyebrows.
A Flame Essence was a life born from a flame. Just like the Earth Flame that Luo Zheng had absorbed, it could also give birth to a Flame Essence. However, the Earth Flame wasn't very old, so it naturally didn't have a Flame Essence. Not to mention, with Luo Zheng's strength at the time, there was no reason for him to survive if he encountered a Flame Essence.
As soon as the first Flame Essence appeared, more Flame Essences jumped onto the stone block. These Flame Essences obviously wanted to block Luo Zheng's path.
Facing these Flame Essences, Luo Zheng didn't intend to waste any time. He waved his hand, and a dark purple true essence formed six vortexes around his body.
"Heavenly Demon Phantom!"
As soon as the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms appeared, they fiercely collided with the Flame Essences.
These Flame Essences also had spiritual wisdom, and seemed to be incomparably brave and fierce. As they saw the Heavenly Demon Phantom colliding with them, the flames on the Flame Essences' bodies surged up, and they also collided with Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Bang bang bang …
Obviously, these Flame Essences hadn't expected Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom to be so powerful. Although the moment the Flame Essences collided with the Heavenly Demon Phantom, the raging flames wrapped around the Heavenly Demon Phantom. But when the Flame Essences collided with the Heavenly Demon Phantom, they suddenly burst into flames, and the Flame Essence was smashed into nothingness by the Heavenly Demon Phantom.
Flame Essences didn't have a physical body to begin with; they were only highly compressed flames. Their strength lay in their extremely high temperature, so how could they possibly withstand the impact of the Heavenly Demon Phantom?
But the Heavenly Demon Phantom was formed from Luo Zheng's true essence. Although being burned by the Flame Essences would consume some of his true essence, this wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng.
Bang bang bang …
The Flame Essences were smashed apart by Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom. The Heavenly Demon Phantom continued to open a path, and Luo Zheng continued to follow behind it.
These Flame Essences had also developed some spiritual wisdom. Seeing Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Phantom so fierce, they naturally wouldn't throw away their lives. The Flame Essences in the back all jumped back into the sea of burning flames.
"Hehe, I told you that it was wise to let that boy open the path!" The disciple surnamed Pang said.
"That boy's strength isn't bad. He far surpasses an ordinary Xiantian life form. But compared to us, there's still a gap." Another disciple laughed.
With Luo Zheng opening the path in front of them, the four of them were naturally happy. They only needed to follow behind Luo Zheng.
At this time, a huge magma bubble suddenly bloomed from the sea of burning flames in front of them, and soon after, a huge snake head drilled out of the magma.
The disciple surnamed Pang's complexion changed, "F * ck, it's a Scarlet Fire Snake. What should we do? What bad luck, we actually ran into this thing! "
"The four of us will attack together. Although this Scarlet Fire Snake is fierce, the four of us should be able to deal with it." That Junior Sister Yao from Iridescent Clouds Sect said.
"Wait, let's see how that boy deals with it first!" The disciple surnamed Pang stopped his footsteps and also stopped the other three with a playful look on his face.
Everyone had a jealous heart. Perhaps in their opinion, Luo Zheng was far from being their opponent, but these four people were far inferior to Luo Zheng when they were at Xiantian third stage. This showed that Luo Zheng's talent far surpassed the four of them. If Luo Zheng entered the Cloud Hall in the future, then surpassing the four of them was just a matter of time.
If Luo Zheng couldn't deal with the Scarlet Fire Snake, or if he accidentally fell into the sea of burning flames, then they would be very happy to see him die.
＝＝＝＝＝