If Luo Zheng could get rid of the Scarlet Fire Snake, they would certainly be happy. After all, they wouldn't have to spend so much effort to deal with such a huge monster. However, in their opinion, this possibility was relatively small. The biggest possibility was that Luo Zheng would be swallowed whole by the Scarlet Fire Snake.
Luo Zheng had naturally noticed the Scarlet Fire Snake as he was running. With such a huge body, it was clear that the Flame Essence would be much more difficult to deal with.
Because of its huge body, its movements were naturally slower. It slowly poked its head out of the magma and extended its neck. Then, it slowly lifted its head.
Seeing the slow movements of the Scarlet Fire Snake, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and fully released the energy of the Phoenix Aura Crystal in his right hand! His speed instantly increased by more than twofold. He was like an arrow that had been released from a bow, leaving behind afterimages on the stone block.
"Mm? That kid wants to break through by force? "The disciple surnamed Pang sneered.
"Will that kid break through? I don't think he's slow …" Another disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect frowned.
"In his dreams. The Scarlet Fire Snake looks slow, but that's because of its huge body. It's not slow at all!" The disciple surnamed Pang had done his homework before entering the road of the trial.
Just as the disciple surnamed Pang had said, after the huge Scarlet Fire Snake's head and upper body completely emerged from the magma, it suddenly opened its mouth and dived down towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing the Scarlet Fire Snake's head rushing towards him, Luo Zheng's strength suddenly increased. The strength of each step increased by 30%. "Break through!"
"His speed can actually increase," the male disciple from the Misty Cloud Sect said.
The disciple surnamed Pang calmly smiled and said, "Hehe, he should have activated some kind of secret technique. Not enough, this speed is still not enough! Moreover, this guy can't turn back. If he can't break through, he'll die! "
As the Scarlet Fire Snake got closer and closer to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng felt a terrifying heat. The huge snake head grew bigger and bigger in Luo Zheng's eyes. Luo Zheng could even see two burning snake fangs!
"My speed is still not enough. If I continue to charge forward, I'll probably end up in the mouth of the Scarlet Fire Snake!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly activated all the dragon scales in his body. The sparkling green dragon scales flickered, and a turbulent power was poured into Luo Zheng's legs.
"Jump!"
His feet stomped on the stone block with great force. Even though the stone block was incomparably sturdy and had stood for countless years in the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, it still shook a little. Two clear footprints could be seen on the surface of the stone block.
Flying was forbidden in this trial road. Besides, Luo Zheng couldn't fly, so jumping was the most suitable option!
At this time, Luo Zheng was like a shooting star, rushing straight into the sky, drawing a high parabola, just in time to avoid the direct attack of the Scarlet Fire Snake.
"How … can he jump so high? Is he a grasshopper?" That male disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect said.
The two female disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect also couldn't hide their shocked expressions as they looked at Luo Zheng who had jumped into the air …
After entering the Illuminating Spirit Realm, these disciples all had the ability to fly. This height was nothing to them. The problem was that Luo Zheng couldn't fly. To jump so high just by relying on the strength of his legs, how strong was his jumping ability? Would his legs be able to take it?
The face of the disciple surnamed Pang was also ashen. He had originally planned to use Luo Zheng's life to feed the Scarlet Fire Snake. At the very least, he would be able to distract the Scarlet Fire Snake so that the four of them could take the opportunity to pass or join forces to kill it. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would jump so high …
That Scarlet Fire Snake obviously didn't expect this to happen. Its attack missed and it seemed to be enraged. It raised its huge snake head and let out an angry howl. Soon after, it opened its mouth and spat out scorching flames towards Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng jumped high, he heavily stepped on a stone pier. Feeling the intense heat behind him, he didn't even turn his head and continued to jump. Once again, he made a high parabola, forcibly avoiding the pursuit of the Scarlet Fire Snake.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had escaped far away, the Scarlet Fire Snake once again let out an angry howl. Soon after, it turned its head and tightly stared at the four disciples surnamed Pang with its two bean-sized snake eyes.
The disciple surnamed Pang looked at the Scarlet Fire Snake and swallowed his saliva. At this time, he really wanted to curse out loud.
Not only did Luo Zheng escape the pursuit of the Scarlet Fire Snake, he also successfully enraged it. Now, the four of them had to stop and face the wrath of the Scarlet Fire Snake …
"Jump, jump, jump …"
After getting rid of the Scarlet Fire Snake, Luo Zheng continued to jump from one stone pier to the next, continuing to move forward.
"The second stage of the Road of Smelting Trial is already somewhat difficult. I wonder what I'll encounter later on?" Luo Zheng jumped as he thought about the difficulty of the Road of Smelting Trial.
However, as he continued to jump, Luo Zheng discovered something strange. He felt that the sea level of the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was rising!
"The tide is rising so quickly?" Luo Zheng's heart trembled. This shouldn't be the case. He had only walked a short distance and the tide was already rising. How fast would it take for him to pass through the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames?
Luo Zheng thought that his feeling was wrong, so he stared at the stone piers in front of him. After a while, he discovered that the magma in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames had indeed risen by two inches. It really was high tide.
Once the tide rose, these stone piers would be covered by the magma. Perhaps he would really have to swim through the magma …
However, after thinking about it, he still felt that something was wrong. It was impossible for the disciples who were participating in the Road of Smelting Trial to pass through the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames at such a speed. Luo Zheng's body was special and could resist the power of the magma. However, it was impossible for the others to do so. Including Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and the other elite disciples of the Cloud Hall, none of them could survive in the magma.
So, how did they pass through the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames? Could it be that they had all been burned to death by the magma?
While his thoughts were running wild, the magma in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was rising higher and higher. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, it would take at most two or three incense sticks of time for the magma to reach the top of the stone piers.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly discovered that there was a high platform not too far in front of him!
Seeing the high platform, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. So that's how it is …
It was impossible to rush through this path during the intervals between the tides. Every time they rushed through a section of the path, a high platform would appear. This allowed a cultivator to avoid the rising tide and wait on the high platform. Once the high platform's tide ebbed, they could continue forward.
Without thinking much, Luo Zheng arrived at the side of the high platform and jumped up and rushed to the side of the high platform.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, there were actually other disciples on this high platform. Looking at their appearance, it seemed that they had suffered some injuries. Several of the disciples had been burned black and white by the flames and were currently recuperating from their injuries.
Seeing that Luo Zheng, who was at Xiantian third stage, was able to pass through this section of the road, the faces of these disciples revealed a look of surprise. One of them was surprised and asked: "How did you pass through the interception of those three Scarlet Fire Snakes?"
"Three? I only saw one. "Luo Zheng was surprised in his heart. It turned out that there was more than one Scarlet Fire Snake.
"Oh." The warrior nodded and said, "It seems that the other two Scarlet Fire Snakes should have been killed by someone, but you rushing over with the strength of Xiantian third stage is still quite surprising." The disciple looked up and down at Luo Zheng, then closed his eyes and concentrated on recuperating from his injuries. Being burned by the flames was quite troublesome for the warriors, not to mention the time limit of the road was limited, so they needed to recuperate from their injuries as soon as possible.
Luo Zheng was not injured. He stood at the edge of the platform and looked back. The tide of the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was slowly rising. He did not know how the two disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect and the two disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect were doing.
While looking back, he suddenly heard a violent explosion in the distance, followed by a huge flame rising into the sky, as if a group of gorgeous fireworks had exploded, exuding a magnificent luster.
Then, there were four small dots that kept running along the stone block.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. It seemed that these four people had wasted a lot of time fighting against the Scarlet Fire Snake.
If these four people were willing to join forces with him, then it wouldn't be difficult to quickly kill the Scarlet Fire Snake. In fact, even if Luo Zheng was alone, he could also kill the Scarlet Fire Snake, but he was leading the way and these four people were following behind him, drinking the soup. How could Luo Zheng let them succeed? Did they really think that he was easy to bully?
As a result, he had rushed through the Scarlet Fire Snake's interception, but these four people still had to face the wrath of the Scarlet Fire Snake.
The key point was that they had wasted a lot of time, and if the magma tide rose, then they really wouldn't have anywhere to run … …
It could be seen that these four people seemed to have activated their own secret methods, and their speed was constantly increasing, and they were rapidly rushing towards the platform.
At this moment, the magma tide was slowly approaching the stone block. The thickness of the stone block was only about three inches, and if the magma tide rose another three inches, then the stone block would be covered by the magma and they wouldn't have any place to land.