"Go, go, go!"
"Faster, faster, faster!"
The two disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect were red in the face and sweating profusely. They had already raised their speed to the limit and were unable to go any faster.
On the contrary, a female disciple of the Iridescent Cloud Sect waved her hand and wisps of cyan true essence spread out.
"Traceless Cool Breeze!"
The female disciples of the Iridescent Cloud Sect had an auxiliary type cultivation method.
This' Traceless Cool Breeze 'could increase the movement speed of all disciples.
Wisps of cool breeze spread out and drilled into the legs of the four people. The four people's sprinting speed increased by a bit.
"The high platform is in front of us. Everyone, hold on!" The disciple surnamed Pang shouted.
Although the high platform was not far from them, the magma had already covered the stone piers and was flowing on the surface of the stone piers.
Seeing the stone piers being covered by the magma, the disciple surnamed Pang's eyes flashed with a hint of despair.
"Ah! It's burning me to death! " Another disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect stepped onto the magma. The scalding magma immediately charred his foot. However, he did not dare to stop. If he did, he would die. He could only endure the intense pain and continue forward.
There were still three or four stone piers in front of them. They only needed to cross these three or four stone piers to be able to jump onto the high platform.
However, these three or four stone piers seemed to be the road to hell! Because the stone piers had already disappeared! This meant that they had to step on the magma.
At this moment, the other female disciple of the Iridescent Cloud Sect clenched her teeth. A tiny ice crystal rune suddenly appeared on her elegant face. Soon after, she shouted, "Ice Sealing Ten Thousand Miles!"
Although this move was called 'Ice Sealing Ten Thousand Miles', it was naturally impossible for it to really freeze this Heaven Burning Sea of Fire. In fact, in such a hot environment, the ice attribute cultivation method of this female disciple was greatly reduced. The layers of frost only spread out for a distance of two to three zhang.
However, at this crucial moment, it was already enough to save their lives!
The biting cold frost extinguished the magma on the surface, turning it into a black ground. The four people stepped on the ground and advanced. Finally, before the frozen ground melted, they jumped onto the high platform.
The moment they jumped onto the high platform, the massive magma had already disintegrated the layer of ice that had just condensed. All of the stone piers had already been submerged by the magma and below the high platform was a sea of fire.
The disciple surnamed Pang and the other male disciple heavily fell onto the high platform. The disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect jumped onto the high platform and covered his foot as he screamed........................ and.........
The two female disciples of the Iridescent Cloud Sect were also slumped on the high platform. Their chests heaved up and down as they gasped for breath.
The disciple surnamed Pang leapt up and took out a pill from his chest, stuffing it into his Junior Apprentice Brother's mouth. At the same time, he took out a jade box from his spatial ring and took out a green ointment, smearing it on his Junior Apprentice Brother's burned foot.
...... When some of the cultivators on the high platform saw the green ointment, their eyes revealed a curious expression. The two male disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect were well prepared. This green ointment was specially used to treat burns. Moreover, it had a miraculous effect.
After the application was finished, the Junior Brother of the disciple surnamed Pang finally stopped screaming. However, it would be difficult for him to recover in a short time.
After dealing with his Junior Brother, the disciple surnamed Pang swept his gaze around and finally stared at Luo Zheng. He said in a cold voice, "Brat, you've caused me so much trouble. Speak, do you want to jump down yourself or do you want me to help you?"
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a faint smile, "How did I harm you?"
"You infuriated the Scarlet Fire Snake and then ran away. It wasn't easy for us to join forces and kill the Scarlet Fire Snake. That's why we wasted so much time. If we had been just a second slower, the four of us would have been buried in the sea of fire!" The more the disciple surnamed Pang spoke, the angrier he became. Surging waves of anger blossomed from his body. "Tell me, do you deserve to die?"
Luo Zheng put away the smile on his face and said with a calm expression, "I angered the Scarlet Fire Snake? Interesting! Do you want me to be eaten by the Scarlet Fire Snake before you're happy? Your lives are precious, but mine isn't? What kind of tyrannical logic is this? If it weren't for you waiting behind me, wanting me to be buried in the belly of the Scarlet Fire Snake, wanting me to open a path for you, would you have wasted so much time? You were almost swallowed by the lava … you only have yourselves to blame. You don't deserve any sympathy. "
As the other martial artists on the high platform heard Luo Zheng's words, they secretly shook their heads. These two fellows from the Misty Cloud Sect really didn't deserve any sympathy. They hoped that others would open a path in front of them and reap the benefits while they followed behind and drank the soup. How could there be such a good thing in this world?
Moreover, Luo Zheng had used his own ability to bypass the Scarlet Fire Snake. Even if he had angered the Scarlet Fire Snake, how could they blame Luo Zheng for this?
"Sympathy? Hahaha, do you know who I am? Do I need your sympathy? " The disciple surnamed Pang sneered. He took out a dark golden spear from his spatial ring and pointed the spear at Luo Zheng. "You're the one opening the path, and you're still not convinced? Let me tell you, in the world of martial artists, strength is revered. What is this so-called tyrannical logic? This is tyrannical logic. If your strength is inferior to others, then you deserve to be treated as cannon fodder. Obediently open a path in front of others, otherwise you die! But it's already too late for you to understand this truth. I won't give you the chance to continue being cannon fodder. I want you to die now … "
"In the world of martial artists … strength is revered …" Luo Zheng muttered, "I agree with your words, but it's a pity that you don't seem to understand the meaning of strength is revered. Or perhaps you don't understand just who is stronger and who should be revered …"
As Luo Zheng finished speaking, he took out the Flowing Light Sword from his spatial ring. A little bit of sword intent lingered around Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword, turning into sword intent cyclones one after another.
Seeing that the two were about to fight, the cultivators who were meditating and recuperating couldn't sit still. One of the cultivators quickly said, "If the two of you want to fight, you can fight after the Road of Smelting Trial is over!"
"Don't fight here! If this high platform is overturned, everyone will die! "
This high platform was supported by a thick pillar. At the top of the pillar was a wide platform, which looked like the shape of a fan.
This kind of structure wasn't particularly stable to begin with. In addition, the road of the smelting trial had existed for a very long time, and these things had slowly aged over the endless years. If these two people fought and the shockwaves from their battle overturned this high platform, then everyone would die!
This was not what they wanted to happen.
"Senior-apprentice Brother Pang, don't fight here. Let him go for the time being!" The two female disciples of the Rainbow Cloud Sect also advised.
The disciple surnamed Pang coldly looked at the sword intent cyclones above Luo Zheng, and his face revealed a trace of surprise. This boy seemed to have comprehended sword intent? Moreover, his comprehension seemed to be very deep. It wasn't just a small success sword intent, but a large success sword intent?
The pitiful disciple surnamed Pang wasn't a swordsman, but a spear user. He didn't recognize that Luo Zheng's sword intent wasn't a small success sword intent, nor was it a large success sword intent, but rather a perfect sword intent!
But even if this boy had comprehended sword intent, so what? Xiantian third stage, there was a large gap between him and the disciple surnamed Pang, and he was a top disciple of the Misty Cloud Sect! This was their Great Sect Competition, and this disciple surnamed Pang was participating in the road of the smelting trial as third place!
If it weren't for the two female disciples of the Rainbow Cloud Sect, he would have already rushed to the end of the road of the smelting trial.
"Very good, this place isn't suitable for fighting, otherwise I'll definitely turn you into a sieve!" The disciple surnamed Pang raised his spear shaft, and then put it back into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng expressionlessly said, "I'm actually very happy to fight here."
"You!" The disciple surnamed Pang originally thought that if he let this boy go, this boy would learn to restrain himself, but he didn't care at all. Was this boy really not afraid of death?
Luo Zheng certainly wasn't unafraid of death. People who weren't afraid of death often had nothing left to live for in this world. But Luo Zheng still had too many things to do, so he naturally couldn't die. It was just that Luo Zheng understood that with his own physique, he didn't fear this burning sea of fire.
If this high platform was overturned, then everyone on it would die. Perhaps only Luo Zheng would survive.