"Humph! I won't let you walk out alive! "The disciple surnamed Pang sneered. He also found a place to sit down and began to meditate.
Just now, in order to reach this high platform, the four of them had risked their lives. Excessively stimulating their body's potential was a type of destruction to a martial artist's body. Some secret techniques could even harm a martial artist's foundation. If it wasn't a matter of life or death, no one would be willing to do such a thing.
The vast Heaven Burning Sea of Flames was not unchanging. Although the sea of flames was filled with magma, the magma also had waves and would constantly churn. Looking into the distance, there were some indescribable creatures that poked their heads out of the sea of flames and spat out magma. After a short while, they drilled back into the magma.
The essence of these creatures was very different from that of humans. They were actually able to safely survive in the magma. If they left the magma, they would likely die.
The world was truly vast and filled with all sorts of strange things. It was unknown which world this broken world belonged to, but this Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was likely hiding an even greater secret …
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he naturally didn't have the ability to explore these secrets. At most, he could only sigh.
Sitting on the high platform, Luo Zheng also adjusted his breathing. He still had to deal with the second part of the road.
The Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was so vast that he had to find a second high platform in the next round. Therefore, once the tide ebbed, he had to race against time and couldn't be careless. All of the Sect disciples on the high platform were well aware of this point.
An hour later, the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames suddenly began to fluctuate …
"The tide is ebbing …" A disciple muttered. Facing the next round of challenges, it was difficult to determine whether he was feeling fear or excitement. This was because if they weren't careful, they would be buried in this sea of flames.
As soon as the stone blocks appeared, some martial artists had already taken the lead and rushed down the high platform.
This was a very dangerous move. After all, this sea of magma had waves, and the tide of magma hadn't completely ebbed. It was likely that during the ebbing of the tide, the waves would once again flood the stone blocks. But in order to gain time, some martial artists had no choice but to set out ahead of time.
After the first martial artist jumped down from the high platform, a second and a third followed suit …
Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the edge of the platform, pushed himself hard. His body spun in the air, rolled twice in the air, and accurately landed on a stone block.
The surging magma below the stone block released extremely high heat. Luo Zheng was undaunted and continued to move forward.
The disciple surnamed Pang looked at Luo Zheng's receding figure and asked through clenched teeth, "Junior Brother, are you feeling better?"
His junior brother shook his head with a long face and said, "Let's just wait for the next tide!"
The two disciples of the Misty Cloud Sect were unable to move forward, but the two female disciples of the Iridescent Cloud Sect could not wait any longer. They cupped their hands towards the disciple surnamed Pang and said: "Senior Pang, since this is the case, we will also take our leave first."
Seeing the two beautiful figures fluttering down from the high platform, the disciple surnamed Pang shook his head. There was nothing he could do about it. The world of martial artists was like this. The two female disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect had followed them in the hopes that they could protect them.
However, not only were they unable to take care of themselves, they also almost killed two female disciples of the Iridescent Clouds Sect. These two Junior Sisters naturally did not choose to travel with them.
"Everything, everything is because of that boy from the Blue Cloud Sect. Xiantian third stage, don't let me catch up with you. When I catch up with you, I will make you understand what it means to regret being born into this world!" The eyes of the disciple surnamed Pang bloomed with a trace of blood. Since he had entered the Misty Cloud Sect, no one had ever made him suffer such a big loss!
In fact, from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had never provoked him. Even at the initial stage of entering the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, he had opened up a path for them and exterminated the Flame Spirits. However, some people were like this. They would never think about the mistakes they had made, and all the mistakes came from others.
For such people, Luo Zheng was simply disinclined to pay attention to them.
There were seven or eight people in this group of martial artists, and the previous situation did not occur. The several martial artists were very clear in their hearts that they had to work together to cross the sea of flames. If they did not cooperate with each other and were delayed, then they would not be able to reach the next high platform, then everyone would die.
Therefore, when they encountered those terrifying creatures in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames in front of them, everyone quickly joined forces and attacked together to kill them.
These disciples were the top disciples of their respective Sects. Whether it was in terms of foundation or strength, they were far superior to ordinary disciples. Even the two female disciples of the Rosy Cloud Sect were not ordinary. Therefore, when they worked together, they basically did not encounter any obstacles.
"That's right … those two guys from the Misty Cloud Sect were idiots at first glance. Sure enough, you can't choose pig-like teammates." Luo Zheng secretly thought. However, these people could not be regarded as teammates. On the contrary, they were his competitors. It was just that in this dangerous situation, everyone had chosen to join forces.
Just as Luo Zheng was running with all his might, he suddenly heard a martial artist shout: "Quickly look, what is that?"
Luo Zheng looked in the direction pointed by that martial artist and saw waves of magma gushing out from the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames. Obviously, something was rapidly approaching under the magma.
All the martial artists' faces revealed a vigilant look. They clearly knew that this rapidly approaching thing was not a good thing.
When the unknown creature under the magma was about to reach the stone block, it suddenly drilled out from the magma.
It turned out to be an extremely ugly creature. Its entire body seemed to be triangular, about ten feet wide, but its body was very thin, like a huge kite. The most eye-catching thing was that it had a long tail with a barbed hook, just like the tail of a demon.
"It's a Fire Bat Devil Ray! Be careful … How can there be so many! "A martial artist screamed.
When the first Fiery Bat Devil Ray leaped out of the magma, more waves swept over. As far as the eye could see, there were at least thirty to forty waves surging towards the martial artists. Under each wave was a Fiery Bat Devil Ray, which meant that there were at least thirty to forty of them.
"Everyone, quickly go! Get rid of them! "Someone shouted.
Many martial artists felt a chill in their hearts and continued to run wildly, hoping to rely on speed to get rid of these Fire Bat Devil Rays.
However, the speed of these Fire Bat Devil Rays was really too fast. Their speed in the water was far faster than the running speed of these martial artists.
Luo Zheng saw a wave rapidly extend forward. Then, a Fire Bat Devil Ray leaped out of the magma and pounced on a martial artist in front.
The martialist was not weak either. Facing the Fiery Bat Ghost Fish, a dazzling golden saber appeared in his hand instantly. He slashed at the Fiery Bat Ghost Fish in the air. The overbearing saber Qi was mixed with terrifying saber essence and swept out.
"Great Success Saber Intent …" Seeing the saber intent contained in this saber, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. It seemed that the top disciples of the other sects did not dare to underestimate him. Previously, he thought that the martial artist in front of him was ordinary and not fast, but he actually had Great Success Saber Intent.
"Puff!"
The Fire Bat Devil Ray rushed into the air and had no space to dodge. It was instantly slashed by the saber.
However, the Fire Bat Devil Ray's body was huge. Although the saber penetrated its thin body, it did not completely kill it. The demon-like tail under its body swept towards the martial artist fiercely.
The martial artist made a prompt decision. He aimed at the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail and slashed back.
"Dang!"
The saber Qi slashed on the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail and actually bloomed a little bit of sparks.
This tail was so hard? The martial artist never expected that his domineering saber Qi could not cut off the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail. He was stunned for a moment.
Being stunned at this time was fatal. Just as the martial artist was stunned, the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail swept towards him.
If the martial artist was caught by the Fire Bat Devil Ray, he would be dragged into the magma. He would definitely die without a burial place.
At this moment, Luo Zheng made a prompt decision. He unsheathed the Flowing Light Sword. His speed suddenly increased by 30%. An afterimage swept past the martial artist's body. At the same time, a bright silver sword light flashed. This sword slashed the Fire Bat Devil Ray's tail.
"Ao …"
The Fiery Bat Devil Ray let out a blood-curdling screech. Its wide body twisted and dived back into the magma.
As for its broken tail, it circled in the air before landing on the stone pier.
It was not until this moment that the martial artist came back to his senses. He realized that he had been saved by Luo Zheng. He was pulled back from the brink of death by Luo Zheng. His face naturally revealed a grateful expression.
＝＝＝＝＝