Even with Luo Zheng's perfect sword intent, it still took him ninety percent of his strength to cut off the tail of this Fiery Bat Devil Ray. He didn't know how this Fiery Bat Devil Ray's tail had been severed.
Luo Zheng picked up the severed tail, looked at it casually, and then stuffed it into his spatial ring. The tail of such a monster beast was a rare material that could be used to refine tools in the future. Even if he couldn't use it, he could still sell it for a good price.
"Thank you, friend, for saving my life." The martial artist cupped his hands. He was naturally aware of the value of this Fiery Bat Devil Ray's tail, but it wasn't suitable for him to compete with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was at the Xiantian third stage, so it was impossible for these warriors to not despise him. After all, the difference in cultivation level between him and the elites of the various sects was too big. But now, this warrior had completely put away his contempt for Luo Zheng. He had used the Dacheng level blade intent to chop out a blade attack, but he had used all of his strength to chop out a blade attack.
The result was that he couldn't move the Fiery Bat Devil Ray's tail at all. However, Luo Zheng had easily cut it off with his sword. This martial artist guessed that Luo Zheng hadn't used all of his strength …
Such an abnormal guy, one shouldn't provoke him …
"No need to thank me. We're all on the same path, so it's inevitable that we'll help each other!"
At this time, many Fiery Bat Devil Rays jumped up one after another, attacking the martial artists on the stone block.
These martial artists also displayed their own unique skills!
How could the road of the smelting trial be so easy to pass? If one didn't do well, they would have to pay the price with their life. At this time, none of the martial artists tried their best. They kept running while killing these Fiery Bat Devil Rays.
"Ah …"
A martial artist screamed. He couldn't dodge in time and was dragged into the magma by a Fiery Bat Devil Ray. His protective true essence resisted the magma for less than a breath of time. Then, five or six Fiery Bat Devil Rays rushed out and dragged him into the depths of the magma.
Many martial artists saw this scene and their expressions darkened. The impact of seeing someone die for the first time was still very strong.
However, these martial artists were the top disciples of their respective sects. To be so outstanding, they had experienced life and death experiences. They were very clear that fear, fear, and retreating, these negative emotions wouldn't solve any problems. At this time, they could only fight with their lives on the line.
If they fought hard, they could still move forward. If they retreated, they would die.
Many people understood this principle, but they were unable to carry it out very well. At this time, it could be seen that the temperament of this group of elite disciples was far stronger than that of ordinary disciples.
"Let's fight! Let's go! "
"Everyone, be careful. Don't just attack the Devil Ray. Just try to avoid it!"
Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword flashed with silver flowers. He did not intend to kill these Fiery Bat Devil Fish. There were too many of them, and it was impossible to kill them all. The key was that each Devil Fish was not small in size. It would take a lot of time to seriously injure them.
Therefore, Luo Zheng kept dodging. If a Devil Ray came close, he would fight back with his sword.
Everyone rushed out for seven to eight miles before they finally got rid of the Devil Fish.
Except for Luo Zheng, many people were already panting from exhaustion. The two female disciples of the Colorful Clouds Sect were dripping with fragrant sweat, looking as if they were about to collapse.
However, looking at the endless sea of fire in front of them, as well as the densely packed stone blocks, no one dared to rest. They could only grit their teeth and continue to rush forward. If they were a little slower, the magma tide would rise, and everyone would still die.
One of the martial artists patted his pocket, and ten medicinal pills appeared in his hand. With a casual flick, those medicinal pills flew towards everyone. "Eat them. These are Qi Recovery Pills. They can replenish everyone's physical strength and a small portion of True Essence."
Martial artists needed to meditate little by little in order to cultivate the True Essence in their body. Any medicinal pill that could replenish True Essence was expensive. This martial artist was bleeding money today, as he had taken out ten pills in one go.
Obviously, his actions were very wise. If everyone had not gathered together, they would not have been able to pass through the school of Devil Fish. Everyone replenished their True Essence and physical strength, so that they could better help each other and rush out of this place of death!
For the rest of the journey, everyone did not encounter any stronger creatures.
"The tide is rising," a martial artist shouted.
"I also see it, but the next high platform is not far away. It's right in front!" Another martial artist pointed ahead.
This was the second high platform of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. Compared to the first high platform, it was much larger. This high platform looked like a pavilion in the air, with more than a dozen pillars supporting it. Next to the high platform, there was a road that extended over! There was actually a small island next to it!
An island that stood tall in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire!
"Rush up, and we'll be safe!"
Although it was indeed surprising to see an island in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, everyone's attention was still on the high platform. All questions could wait until they reached the high platform.
Hope was right in front of them. Even if no one reminded them, everyone's speed increased a bit. When they reached the high platform, everyone took a deep breath and jumped up the twenty to thirty feet high platform.
Luo Zheng also stepped firmly on the high platform.
"This high platform is in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. In other words, we've already walked half of the journey," a martial artist said as he wiped the sweat on his forehead.
"I heard that there is a hidden trial on this high platform. If we can pass this trial, we can obtain great benefits," another martial artist said as he looked at the small island behind the high platform.
"Hidden trial?" Luo Zheng's heart moved. That small island should be the so-called hidden trial.
The benefits of this trial were the envy of the experts in the Cloud Hall. However, due to the limitation of their cultivation, they couldn't enter and could only let the younger generation of disciples explore.
Compared to the previous high platform, there were more people on this high platform. The previous high platform was only used for martial artists to hide from the magma tide, but this high platform was really used for resting. There were more than twenty martial artists on the high platform, including disciples from the Magic Cloud Sect, Misty Cloud Sect, Rosy Cloud Sect, and Cloud Hall.
Why didn't he see Hua Tianming or Pei Tianyao? Luo Zheng looked around but didn't see anyone from the Blue Cloud Sect.
Maybe they had continued to move forward, or maybe they had entered the hidden trial … …
"Should I enter the small island?" Luo Zheng thought for a moment and didn't hesitate at all. It wasn't easy to enter the trial by fire, so how could he let go of this opportunity?
As a hidden trial, the risk might be very high, but the opportunity was certainly not small.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't sit down and meditate like the other martial artists, but instead walked towards the end of the high platform.
When the other martial artists saw that Luo Zheng wanted to enter the small island, their faces showed a trace of surprise. A Xiantian third stage martial artist wanted to challenge the hidden trial by fire? Was he courting death?
There were many elite disciples who went to challenge the hidden trial by fire every time, but how many of them could really obtain the opportunity? On the contrary, there were many people who were seriously injured or even killed. As the saying goes, people die for wealth and birds die for food.
It was not impossible to challenge the hidden trial by fire, but one had to grasp their own ability.
On the side of the passage, two disciples dressed in white stood. They were the disciples of the Cloud Hall.
Seeing Luo Zheng come over, the corners of their mouths slightly raised and their eyes flashed with a touch of ridicule. One of the disciples of the Cloud Hall said: "Stop."
Looking at the two guys blocking the way, Luo Zheng slightly wrinkled his eyebrows and asked: "What's the matter?"
"We, the people of the Cloud Hall, are currently challenging the hidden trial. Unrelated people are not allowed to enter!" The disciple of the Cloud Hall said indifferently.
"Unrelated people? Haha, we are all here to enter the trial by fire, so why are we unrelated people? " Luo Zheng's complexion sank. It seemed that the world was like this, and there were people everywhere who felt that they were superior to others.
When Luo Zheng had entered the Blue Cloud Sect, the descendants of the Shi Family had felt that they were superior to others and their eyes had grown on their heads. And these disciples of the Cloud Hall were also the same. Did they really think that the trial by fire was completely prepared for the disciples of the Cloud Hall?
In fact, Luo Zheng had guessed correctly.
This group of disciples of the Cloud Hall really thought so, after all, they were the orthodox disciples of the Cloud Hall! In their eyes, these second-grade sects under the jurisdiction of the Cloud Hall simply didn't have the qualifications to sit on the same level as them.