Hearing the Cloud Hall's disciple's words, several warriors beside him also showed an indignant expression. These warriors also wanted to try their luck and strength, but they were blocked by the two Cloud Hall's disciples. They didn't have the courage to confront the Cloud Hall's disciples directly, so they could only stare at them from the side.
"I said you're an idler, so you're an idler! Not convinced? You're just a bunch of country bumpkins. Haha, if you were in our Cloud Hall, you wouldn't even count as a hair. You probably wouldn't even be able to enter the top 100! "The Cloud Hall's disciple laughed loudly.
The words of the Cloud Hall's disciple offended all the warriors from the other sects. At this time, even the warriors who didn't intend to enter the island showed a trace of anger on their faces.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Then, his right hand stretched out like lightning and grabbed the Cloud Hall's disciple's neck. Then, like a giant bird spreading its wings, he dragged the Cloud Hall's disciple to the edge of the high platform, suspending the Cloud Hall's disciple in the air.
Under the feet of the Cloud Hall's disciple, there was a vast sea of fire. As long as Luo Zheng let go, there would be no place to borrow strength, and the Cloud Hall's disciple would fall straight into the sea of fire.
"Ah ah ah ah, let go of me!" The Cloud Hall's disciple shouted angrily. After being attacked by Luo Zheng, he didn't seem to have reacted.
"Let go of you? You said it yourself … "Luo Zheng loosened his hand, and the Cloud Hall's disciple slid down a little. Only then did the Cloud Hall's disciple realize that if Luo Zheng let go, he would be dead!
"Bastard, pull me up!" The Cloud Hall's disciple struggled and cursed angrily.
"You still dare to curse? I really admire your courage." Luo Zheng instantly let go of his hand, and the Cloud Hall's disciple was suspended in the air. His eyes were full of fear. At this time, he didn't even dare to speak. However, before he fell, Luo Zheng stretched out two fingers and grabbed the Cloud Hall's disciple's collar …
This meant that the Cloud Hall's disciple's life depended on Luo Zheng's two fingers and thin collar.
In fact, with the strength of this Cloud Hall's disciple, Luo Zheng wouldn't succeed so easily. However, these Cloud Hall's disciples were too arrogant. They felt that the two words "Cloud Hall" were a golden signboard. As long as they mentioned the two words "Cloud Hall" to these country bumpkins, these country bumpkins would obediently surrender and obediently retreat.
In fact, it did have this effect before. When they intercepted the warriors who wanted to enter the hidden trial, they only needed to say a few words to deal with them. When those warriors heard that they were from the Cloud Hall, they could only stare at them from the side. This feeling of being high and mighty was really good.
Therefore, this Cloud Hall's disciple didn't expect that Luo Zheng would dare to suddenly attack him. Moreover, he directly threw him in the air and grabbed his collar with two fingers.
If this collar broke, he would be dead! Is this guy crazy? Is he not afraid of our Cloud Hall? This Cloud Hall's disciple was nervous to the extreme. He didn't dare to struggle at all. Even his breathing was very careful.
"You better beg for your collar to be sturdier. Now, let me ask you again. Can I enter this hidden trial?" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile. In the eyes of the Cloud Hall's disciple, his kind smile was as terrifying as a demon's.
When the other Cloud Hall's disciple saw this scene, he turned pale with fright. At this moment, he said, "You, do you understand what you are doing? You want to challenge the Cloud Hall? "
Luo Zheng turned around and stared at the other Cloud Hall's disciple. Like an unfathomable beast, he immediately made the other Cloud Hall's disciple's hair stand on end. "Strange. Since you want to pass the trial, then you want to become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall. In other words, you are just ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall. What I don't understand is, who gave you the confidence to think that you can represent the Cloud Hall? Or is your father the Palace Lord of the Cloud Hall? "
"I … …" That Cloud Hall's disciple suddenly choked. Although he was one of the top ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall and could be regarded as the elite of the elites, but compared to the real elite disciples of the Cloud Hall, his status was definitely inferior. In the end, he was still an ordinary disciple. He had participated in the trial in order to be promoted to an elite disciple!
"Now, will you stop me?" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile, "My fingers are somewhat sore!"
After that, Luo Zheng's fingers slightly loosened, and the Cloud Hall's disciple's collar slid down by one centimeter. Now, Luo Zheng was only using his thumb and index finger to pinch that disciple's collar.
That poor Cloud Hall's disciple was terrified to the extreme. His eyes were wide open, but he didn't dare to shout, didn't dare to speak, and didn't dare to move.
"No, no, I won't stop you … … you pull him up first!" That Cloud Hall's disciple didn't dare to stop this guy. How could he have thought that this little guy of Xiantian third stage would be so ruthless? If he really loosened his grip, then it would be troublesome.
Luo Zheng gently lifted his hand, and that disciple who was suspended in the air was pulled up by Luo Zheng. He heavily threw that disciple into the air, and then fiercely fell on the high platform.
The moment that Cloud Hall's disciple fell on the high platform, he turned over, and a fierce imposing aura erupted from his body. Zhen Yuan also instantly bloomed. This Cloud Hall's disciple seemed to be a ruthless person. He had just escaped from danger, and unexpectedly, he wanted to start a fight with Luo Zheng.
But the moment this disciple turned over and pulled out a small dagger, a sword flower suddenly blossomed on his arm.
"Puchi!"
From that Cloud Hall's disciple's arm, a bright flower of blood blossomed, and his arm, together with his dagger, rolled on the ground.
Luo Zheng swayed the Flowing Light Sword in his hand, and a trace of blood dripped down along the tip of the sword, unable to stay on the extremely smooth surface of the Flowing Light Sword. Luo Zheng said with a cold look: "Did you really think that I was just scaring you a moment ago? That I would let you off unscathed after being in such a thrilling situation? Did you think that the two words' Cloud Hall 'are your golden ticket to avoid death? "
Seeing this scene, all the warriors on the high platform went silent.
This boy was too damn ruthless.
Those two female disciples of Iridescent Clouds Sect covered their mouths.
Originally, on the high platform, they had thought that Luo Zheng was simply overestimating himself when he challenged Senior brother Pang of Misty Cloud Sect. They had even thought that he was certain that Senior brother Pang wouldn't fight with Luo Zheng on the high platform, so he had said those ruthless words to intimidate Senior brother Pang.
They didn't expect this boy to be so fearless. He didn't even show any mercy to the people of the Cloud Hall. With just one sword strike, he had severed the arm of that Cloud Hall disciple.
How big of a mess was this going to cause?
The warriors present were all top disciples of second-grade sects. In fact, in terms of strength, they might not be comparable to the top ten disciples of the Cloud Hall. However, they weren't afraid of the two disciples of the Cloud Hall. What they were afraid of was the Cloud Hall.
Whether it was the Misty Cloud Sect or the Lucky Cloud Sect, from the moment they entered their sects, they were aware of the existence of the Cloud Hall. This Cloud Hall was a fourth-grade sect, and even the Sect Masters of second-grade sects were only small deacons in the Cloud Hall. One could imagine how supreme this Cloud Hall was.
Therefore, when they encountered disciples of the Cloud Hall, even if they were weaker than the disciples of the Cloud Hall, these warriors didn't dare to make a move.
Looking at his severed arm, the disciple of the Cloud Hall was stunned. He clenched his teeth and said, "You, you dare to sever my arm! I … "
Unexpectedly, before the disciple of the Cloud Hall could finish his words, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword had already pressed against the disciple's face. The tip of the sword pierced through the disciple's forehead, and a bead of blood flowed out from the wound.
"I, I'm not in the mood to listen to your nonsense. I've heard this countless times, and I've long lost my patience. One more word and you'll die," Luo Zheng said expressionlessly.
The disciple of the Cloud Hall was trembling. To be able to step onto the road of trial challengers, this disciple of the Cloud Hall could be considered a peak existence among the ordinary disciples. He was a third-stage Divine Reflection powerhouse, an entire realm higher than Luo Zheng. Yet, he was so frightened by Luo Zheng that he was trembling!
When the other disciple of the Cloud Hall saw this, he tactfully shut his mouth. A severed arm wasn't untreatable. At the very least, the arm was still intact. As long as it was reattached and supplemented with pills, it would be able to heal in a short time. However, this severed arm couldn't be compared to before. It would take a lot of time to completely heal it. For any martial artist, this wasn't a small loss.
Luo Zheng sheathed his sword and stuffed it into his spatial ring. Then, without turning his head, he walked towards the side of the high platform, leaving behind a group of martial artists who were looking at him in awe.