Outside the arched door, Fei Han laughed and said, "Amazing, amazing. Decisive and brave. This kid is really a moldable talent. Old Shi, you must have spent a lot of effort on Luo Zheng, right?
Seeing Luo Zheng's performance, Shi Jingtian felt a lot more relaxed. Not only was Luo Zheng strong, but his methods and wisdom were also much better than that idiot Li Yifeng.
To put it bluntly, the arrogance of the Cloud Hall's disciples was because they borrowed the power of the Cloud Hall to suppress the disciples of the Second Grade Sects. One couldn't blame the disciples of the Cloud Hall. Anyone who became a disciple of the Cloud Hall would borrow the power of the Cloud Hall! However, Luo Zheng's vision was much clearer than other warriors.
He was very clear about his opponent's identity. He was also very clear that as long as he was strong enough, he would attract the attention of the Cloud Hall! You are indeed a disciple of the Cloud Hall. I will become a better disciple of the Cloud Hall than you. We are all on the same level. You are dreaming if you think you can use the name of the Cloud Hall to suppress me.
To be able to realize this, Luo Zheng not only had extraordinary strength, but also extraordinary vision and confidence!
However, Fei Han said that he had spent a lot of effort on him. This sentence made Shi Jingtian blush …
As the Sect Leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian might have paid attention to Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Wang Yun, Mo Yuxin and the other disciples before the All-Peak Competition. However, he had never heard of the name "Luo Zheng". He also didn't know that Luo Zheng was Luo Yan's brother.
Luo Zheng seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. If it wasn't for the All-Peak Competition where Luo Zheng shone brightly, Shi Jingtian wouldn't have paid attention to this little guy.
Therefore, Shi Jingtian didn't spend any effort on Luo Zheng. He didn't even give him any pointers.
Thus, when he heard Elder Fei Han's words, Shi Jingtian could only force out a laugh.
This time, Shi Jingtian was really proud of himself. Not only did Luo Zheng get the recognition of Elder Fei Han, but Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao also performed amazingly. Through the letter tablet, Shi Jingtian observed that Hua Tianming had already finished the second stage of the Trial Warrior's Path. Pei Tianyao's situation was also similar.
As for the Sect Masters of the other four Sects, they could only be envious at this time. Wei Yulong was even more speechless. The third-ranked disciple of Hua Tianming had actually defeated their Drifting Cloud Sect. Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng were even more monstrous. How could they compare? There was no way to compare!
"However, although Luo Zheng is powerful, if he encounters Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua from my Cloud Computing Hall, I'm afraid it will still be a little troublesome. It depends on how Luo Zheng deals with them." Fei Han shook his head and said with a smile, "I hope Luo Zheng won't have too much conflict with them. Otherwise, I'm afraid he will suffer."
"Zhuo Bufan? Elder Fei, you're talking about Mister Zhuo's son, right? " Granny Huan of the Colorful Cloud Sect suddenly laughed. This dark-faced old woman had a bad expression from beginning to end. Unexpectedly, when she heard the name Zhuo Bufan, a smile appeared on her face.
Elder Fei Han nodded. "Mister Zhuo is very concerned about Zhuo Bufan's Trial Test this time. He originally planned to invite him personally, but something happened in the Cloud Computing Hall, so he couldn't come!"
Granny Huan smiled, revealing her broken teeth. "Zhuo Bufan is a real dragon among men. Don't compare him with a nobody like Luo Zheng!"
"Granny Huan, your words are unpleasant to hear. What do you mean by a nobody? I know that your eldest disciple, Jin Qiaoning, has just been engaged to Mister Zhuo, but you can't belittle the disciples of my Blue Cloud Sect like this! " Shi Jingtian was suddenly unhappy. Although he knew that Granny Huan was very difficult to deal with and not to be trifled with, Shi Jingtian, who had always been protective of his own people, couldn't help it. What's more, Luo Zheng had earned him enough face this time. How could he not stand up for Luo Zheng?
"Hmph, he's just a junior from the grassroots. What's wrong with me, Granny Huan, saying a few words? Is Luo Zheng's name inlaid with gold? It's just that his performance is a little amazing. I think this kid is too sharp and is destined to not go far! Zhuo Bufan and Luo Zheng are both on the Trial Test and are destined to meet. Just wait and see, what's more, I … "
Granny Huan's words made Granny Huan frown. The other Sect Masters were also secretly amused.
They all knew that Granny Huan was difficult to deal with. Who asked Shi Jingtian to provoke her?
Shi Jingtian held his breath and didn't refute Granny Huan. However, he cursed this old woman a hundred thousand times in his heart. Just wait and see. Luo Zheng's strength is definitely not as simple as it seems on the surface. So what if he's Mister Zhuo's son? So what if Zhao Xiaohua is powerful!
While these big shots were discussing, Luo Zheng had already stepped onto the passage behind the high platform.
This so-called hidden Trial Test wasn't actually hidden. Above the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, there were stone pillars that held up a long passage. As long as one had eyes, they would be able to see it. How could it be called hidden?
However, to pass the Trial Test, one didn't have to enter this small island. Therefore, this small island should be called an optional Trial Test.
After passing through this passage, Luo Zheng set foot on this small island.
Waves of rolling magma hit the rocks, solidifying into pitch-black stones. Layers upon layers of magma piled up to form rocks that looked like wrinkles on one's skin.
To be able to form a small island in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was originally a miracle. What made Luo Zheng feel even more strange was that there were actually plants on this small island!
It had to be known that the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames was a sea of magma. The air here was extremely poor, and there was a sulfuric smell in the nose. Martial artists with strong physiques weren't affected by this, but if a mortal were to come here for a while, they would probably be choked by the smell and become dizzy. They simply wouldn't be able to endure it.
Plants that were even more sensitive to air were actually able to survive on this small island. One could only sigh at the mysteries of the Creator.
However, after Luo Zheng had seen plants that could crawl on the ground, he was able to accept the various strange aspects of this shattered space …
After being accustomed to the boundless sea of magma, Luo Zheng felt a trace of satisfaction as he entered this forest.
While feeling satisfied, Luo Zheng also became extremely vigilant. Since this was a hidden Trial Test, the difficulty wouldn't be low.
There was a passage in this forest. It could be seen that this passage had been forcibly opened up by someone. There were branches that had been cut off by sharp blades everywhere, and there were also messy footprints.
This passage should have been opened up by a disciple of the Cloud Hall.
Since someone had opened up a path, Luo Zheng naturally took advantage of it and walked straight along this passage.
After just a dozen steps, Luo Zheng heard a rustling sound. He turned around, and the sound immediately disappeared.
He looked up and down, left and right, but didn't find anything. To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng even used his soul force to perceive the surrounding environment. Other than the trees and the forest, there was still nothing.
Luo Zheng once again took a step forward and continued to walk forward. However, just as he walked for a while, the rustling sound suddenly rang out again.
"What the hell is it?" Luo Zheng frowned. He stopped and looked around, but there was still nothing.
Although he didn't see anything, Luo Zheng was sure that he was being watched by something. However, this thing seemed to be very good at hiding. Even with his keen perception, he couldn't detect it.
Just as Luo Zheng took a step forward, the rustling sound rang out again. Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and saw that the trees were full of fist-sized spiders. These spiders had a ghost face on their backs.
"Ghost Face Spiders? So big? "
Although Ghost Face Spiders weren't common, this kind of creature was widely known in the Eastern Region. This was because Ghost Face Spiders had a ghost face on their backs, and it was very poisonous. It could be used in medicine, alchemy, poison, and many other things.
However, ordinary Ghost Face Spiders were very small, unlike these Ghost Face Spiders which were fist-sized. What was even more peculiar was that these spiders seemed to be able to isolate their own biological aura. If they were hiding behind the leaves, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to detect their existence.
So many Ghost Face Spiders were densely lying on the trees. It seemed that they were eyeing Luo Zheng covetously and would swarm him at any time.
"Go!"
Luo Zheng's back was facing the road ahead. He kept retreating, and the perfect sword intent on the Flowing Light Sword in his hand began to rotate.
"Rustling rustling rustling rustling rustling rustling …"
As soon as Luo Zheng moved, these Ghost Face Spiders also surged, jumping back and forth between the trees. Obviously, they wanted to drown Luo Zheng with their numbers.
＝＝＝＝＝