Seven or eight Ghost-Faced Spiders at the front jumped up and rushed toward Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng could almost see their poisonous fangs shining with a dark green luster. Obviously, they were highly toxic. Once bitten, one would either die immediately or be paralyzed.
Luo Zheng was not afraid of the poisonous fangs of the Ghost-Faced Spiders. His Upper Level Spiritual Tool Body was immune to all kinds of poisons. The problem was that if he were to be wrapped by such disgusting things, he would have goosebumps all over his body.
"Break for me!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless sword intent cyclones twisted toward those Ghost-Faced Spiders.
"Ding ding ding dang dang dang dang dang …"
To Luo Zheng's surprise, his sword intent cyclones twisted toward the Ghost-Faced Spiders and actually made a sound of metal clashing.
"So hard?"
How sharp was Luo Zheng's Perfect Sword Intent? It couldn't cut through the defense of these Ghost-Faced Spiders and could only twist them away.
After being twisted away by Luo Zheng, the Ghost-Faced Spiders rolled a few times on the ground and got up unscathed. They opened their poisonous fangs and hissed at Luo Zheng, then rushed up again.
If Luo Zheng used his full strength, he could certainly kill these Ghost-Faced Spiders. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, these Ghost-Faced Spiders' defense should be a little weaker than that of the Fire Bats and Devil Rays. However, there were so many Ghost-Faced Spiders that it was impossible to kill them all one by one.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only use his sword intent to roll these spiders away, while he continued to move forward along the path opened by the disciples of the Cloud Hall.
After being chased by these Ghost-Faced Spiders for a while, Luo Zheng finally rushed out of the jungle. As soon as he rushed out of the jungle, he saw an open valley where the disciples of the Cloud Hall were.
It turned out that not only Luo Zheng was besieged by these Ghost-Faced Spiders, but the disciples of the Cloud Hall were also besieged. In this open valley, countless Ghost-Faced Spiders' corpses were densely piled up. Not far away, twelve disciples of the Cloud Hall were standing in their respective positions and setting up an array.
Warriors could use the combination of True Essence and Cultivation Methods to jointly display some powerful arrays.
The twelve disciples of the Cloud Hall did so. Their array inherited from the Cloud Hall seemed to be very powerful. Waves of Ghost-Faced Spiders attacked from the surrounding Cloud Hall, a white-clothed youth standing in the middle gave an order, "Golden Geng Gold Thorns!"
The six people on the left stretched out their left hand at the same time and pressed on an acupuncture point on their right hand. After the Zhen Yuan of the six people fused together, a golden spear condensed on the ground and instantly pierced through the large wave of Ghost-Faced Spiders.
Next, the white-clothed youth ordered, "Burn!"
.... and Face Spiders........ Ghost-Faced Cloud Spiders. s... burned.... and and................. and. red...... red.... of them.... of them of Of That of Flames flames, the of Spiders of, Spiders ers ers ers. spiders ers ers
The white-clothed youth in the middle saw Luo Zheng rush out alone with a large group of Ghost-Faced Spiders behind him. His face sank. "We, the Cloud Hall disciples, are trying to break through. Why did someone else come in?"
After the white-clothed youth finished speaking, the other twelve disciples also stared at Luo Zheng with gloomy faces. Obviously, they didn't want anyone else to enter this island, so they sent two people to guard the entrance of the high platform. They didn't expect someone to come in. What a fearless bastard.
The sword intent in Luo Zheng's hand flourished and formed a protective sword intent. It wrapped around him tightly. The Ghost-Faced Spiders couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. All the Ghost-Faced Spiders that pounced on him were bounced back by his sword intent.
Hearing the white-clothed youth's words, Luo Zheng stood in place and sneered. "Is the Road of Trial Takers opened by your family? You're trying to break through, but I can't? What a joke! "
The expressions of the thirteen disciples of the Cloud Hall suddenly changed, especially the white-clothed youth, whose eyes revealed a trace of malice. He originally wanted to give this guy a warning and drive him away, but he didn't expect this guy to be so ungrateful.
"Humph, you can't blame me if you want to die," the white-clothed youth suddenly said. "Wind of Kan!"
This white-robed young man was also ruthless and daring. He wanted to borrow the power of their formation to kill Luo Zheng without saying a word!
How terrifying was the power of the formation formed by twelve Divine Reflection Realm disciples?
Take those Ghost-Faced Spiders for example. Luo Zheng needed to use his full strength to kill one Ghost-Faced Spider. If he used the broken flying dagger, he should be able to kill them faster. But no matter how fast he was, he couldn't compare to their formation. Then, a True Essence attack could kill a large number of Ghost-Faced Spiders.
Seeing the green-gray wind pressure formed and swept towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's face changed and he immediately retreated.
Damn, the white-clothed youth of the Cloud Hall disciples was also ruthless. He actually attacked as soon as they met. Too overbearing.
Many people were overbearing, but overbearing required strength. Facing the formation formed by the Cloud Hall disciples, even Luo Zheng could only temporarily avoid it. Luo Zheng could only run towards the other side of the valley.
"You want to leave now? It's too late … "The white-clothed youth sneered. With a wave of his hand, the" Wind of Kan "produced by the formation actually followed Luo Zheng all the way.
This wind pressure was indeed very terrifying. It almost destroyed everything it encountered along the way. Whether it was the Ghost-Faced Spiders or the hard rocks, they were all crushed into pieces by this wind pressure and turned into powder.
Although Luo Zheng relied on his high-grade Spirit Tool Body to avoid being killed, if he was really swept in, he would most likely be seriously injured. Facing the Wind of Kan's attack, Luo Zheng instantly increased his speed to the extreme! At this time, he could only constantly change his direction and quickly dodge.
The "Wind of Kan" had been following behind Luo Zheng. Under the control of the white-clothed youth, it was like a shadow, closely chasing after him!
"Sword Steps!"
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng displayed a strange Sword Steps. He constantly changed his direction. His figure was sometimes close and sometimes far, sometimes close, sometimes far.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng circled to the back of the valley and left the sight of the Cloud Hall disciples that the "Wind of Kan" lost its target. Finally, it mindlessly crashed into the cliff of the valley.
With the power of this wind pressure, Luo Zheng estimated that this wind pressure could directly dig a big hole in the cliff. But at this time, a bizarre scene occurred.
When the wind pressure cut towards the cliff, a bright yellow light appeared on the surface of the cliff. That light covered the cliff. No matter how the wind pressure cut, it couldn't advance even an inch.
"This cliff … has a layer of enchantment on the surface? Is this a part of the hidden trial? "
The things on the Trial Taker's Path were all set up by the ancestors countless years ago. Since it was called the Trial Taker's Path, then the hidden trial was naturally a trial. Luo Zheng had encountered the Ghost-Faced Spiders when he arrived on the island, but he didn't know what the real trial was.
Without knowing, Luo Zheng didn't move around casually. These Cloud Hall disciples knew more about the Trial Taker's Path than him. Since they chose to kill the Ghost-Faced Spiders in the valley, they must have some ulterior motives. Luo Zheng hid in a corner of the valley and secretly observed the movements of these Cloud Hall disciples.
At the entrance of the arched door, Luo Zheng's image was displayed on the letter tablet.
The power of the "Wind of Kan" just now was too shocking. Shi Jingtian's expression was somewhat ugly. If Luo Zheng had really been caught up in it, his fate could be imagined. Fortunately, Luo Zheng had run away quickly …
"Zhao Xiaohua is not someone to be trifled with. If Luo Zheng goes to find trouble with him now, he will probably suffer a loss," Fei Han said as he shook his head.
"Heh, Zhuo Bufan is even stronger than Zhao Xiaohua. Luo Zheng ran away like a rabbit when he met Zhao Xiaohua. If he meets Zhuo Bufan, his fate will probably be even worse. Shi Jingtian, you should teach your Blue Cloud Sect disciples not to be too self-righteous. They only have one life!" Granny Long grinned when she saw Luo Zheng running away from the "Wind of Kan".
Fei Han shook his head and said, "That's not necessarily true. Our Cloud Hall disciples can participate in the Blue Cloud Sect's Trial Taker's strength is definitely among the top. Not to mention that the" Wind of Kan "just now was a 12 Earth Formation set up by Zhao Xiaohua with the strength of 12 disciples. Not to mention Luo Zheng, even an expert at the early stage of the Divine Core realm would find it difficult to withstand it. Luo Zheng running away is a normal choice."