Luo Zheng had indeed seen through the other party's trick, so he didn't leave.
Although the white-clothed youth was strong, Luo Zheng wasn't particularly afraid of him. If the other twelve people didn't form a large formation, he wouldn't be afraid.
He was just unlucky. When he went over, the twelve people formed a large formation, and he was the first to be attacked by the formation.
These people couldn't keep this formation forever. He only needed to carefully control the distance, and he should be relatively safe.
Zhao Xiaohua commanded the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation to constantly kill the Ghost-Faced Spiders on the island. The island was almost occupied by these Ghost-Faced Spiders, but the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation was powerful. They killed in groups, and no matter how many Ghost-Faced Spiders came, they were all killed.
After three incense sticks worth of time, the number of Ghost-Faced Spiders that rushed out of the forest became fewer and fewer. The remaining Ghost-Faced Spiders realized that they couldn't drown the humans in numbers, and finally retreated into the forest.
After the Ghost-Faced Spiders disappeared, Zhao Xiaohua waved his hand, "Disperse the formation!"
Rings of light formed by Quintessential Essence disappeared from under their feet and broke. The twelve disciples could finally move their hands and feet. They could finally rest for a while.
Although the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation was powerful, it was quite troublesome and time-consuming to set up.
"Senior-apprentice Brother, how do we obtain this hidden trial? We didn't come in just to kill these Ghost-Faced Spiders, right? "A disciple asked.
Zhao Xiaohua smiled slightly and said, "Of course not. These Ghost-Faced Spiders are just a small obstacle. The real difficulty is on the cliff here!"
"Cliff?" The Cloud Hall disciples looked up in unison.
Zhao Xiaohua stretched out his hand, and a swallow-shaped dart burst out from his hand, flying towards the cliff of the canyon.
"Ding!"
According to the Cloud Hall disciples' thoughts, with the power of Zhao Xiaohua's swallow-shaped dart, they were afraid that it would directly sink into the rock of the cliff.
The result was unexpected. The moment the swallow-shaped dart touched the cliff, it produced a curtain of light, and the swallow-shaped dart bounced off.
"These barriers … what's going on?" A Cloud Hall disciple asked.
Zhao Xiaohua didn't say anything. Instead, she walked along the rock wall as if she was constantly groping around on the rock wall.
Everyone was curious. They gathered around and looked at Zhao Xiaohua's strange actions. Luo Zheng hid in a corner and also looked from afar. He had already noticed the strangeness of the cliff, but he didn't know what the use of these barriers in the hidden stage of the trial was.
Not long after, Zhao Xiaohua seemed to have touched some kind of mechanism. Suddenly, the entire valley began to tremble.
"Rumble …"
It was as if a giant was constantly pushing this valley. The huge sound reverberated in the valley, deafening everyone.
At this moment, everyone's expression changed. Luo Zheng's eyebrows also raised!
The cliff of the valley was changing its shape.
One after another, huge caves appeared on the cliff. At the same time, rocks protruded from the valley.
"Those Devil-Faced Spiders were just appetizers. The real test of this hidden trial is here!" Zhao Xiaohua said indifferently.
"What's that? A treasure chest? "
"It's indeed a treasure chest. This treasure chest exudes a strange aura. It should be a very good treasure!"
"Just these treasure chests alone are already extraordinary. I wonder what's inside?"
Originally, on the protruding rocks of the cliff, there were treasure chests. These treasure chests looked similar, but their colors were different.
The lowest layer of the cliff had red treasure chests. The second layer had blue treasure chests. The third layer had silver treasure chests. The fourth layer had gold treasure chests. As for the fifth layer, it was black treasure chests.
"These treasure chests should have been left behind by the people who built this trial road. They should be a kind of reward. I wonder what's inside these treasure chests? Weapons? Pills? Or secret manuals? "Luo Zheng secretly analyzed.
No matter what it was, it should be an extraordinary reward. Otherwise, the white-clothed youth wouldn't have spent so much effort to open this hidden trial road.
The color of the treasure chest should indicate the level of the reward inside.
Among them, the red treasure chest's location was the lowest. The reward should be the weakest, and the number of red treasure chests was also the highest.
The number of blue treasure chests was less than half. The location was one layer higher than the red treasure chests, so the reward would definitely be better. As for the third layer, the number of silver treasure chests was even fewer. There were only five or six of them.
In addition, there were two gold treasure chests on the cliff, and a black treasure chest on the highest layer.
At this moment, someone suddenly said, "Hey, these treasure chests seem to have been opened by someone."
Luo Zheng looked in the direction that the person pointed. Sure enough, he saw that the lids of the six red treasure chests on the far right had been opened.
Looking carefully, not only were the red treasure chests opened, but the blue treasure chests on the second layer were also opened. Three of the blue treasure chests had been opened, and one of the silver treasure chests had been opened. However, the two gold treasure chests and the black treasure chest on the highest layer had not been opened.
"These treasure chests were left behind by the owner of the Path of the Trial as a reward for completing the hidden trial. The owner of the Path of the Trial no longer exists. Once, there were disciples from the Cloud Palace who took them. Since there was no replenishment, these treasure chests were naturally empty. There's nothing strange about this." The white-robed youth said slowly, "Everyone can choose their own targets and go up and take them! However, it is not easy to take the things in these chests. The higher the chest, the more difficult it is. Everyone only has one chance. If you fall from above, you will not be able to climb up the cliff! "
"Isn't it just opening a chest? What's so difficult about it? "A Cloud Hall disciple took the lead and rushed up. He already had his target in mind.
None of the disciples of the Cloud Palace who participated in the Road of the Trial Testers were stupid. There were so many boxes on the cliff and the Road of the Trial Testers had been open for so many years. Who knew how many disciples of the Cloud Palace had welcomed? However, only ten chests were taken. This showed that the difficulty of taking the treasure chests was not ordinary.
Therefore, this Cloud Hall disciple was not greedy. His target was the red treasure chest at the bottom. Compared to the other red treasure chests, this red treasure chest was at the lowest position. He could jump up to the stone platform.
This Cloud Hall disciple flew up to the protruding stone platform in a very graceful manner. The red treasure chest was only one step away from him. However, just as he was about to bend down to open the red treasure chest, his expression suddenly changed. A sharp whistling sound suddenly came from the cave beside the stone platform.
That was the sound of a strong wind blowing through the cave.
"Hu hu hu … Wu wu wu …"
A strong wind suddenly blew out from the cave and the disciple of the Cloud Palace was blown to the left and right. The disciple of the Cloud Palace reacted quickly. The moment the wind blew, he used the Thousand Pound Fall to fix himself on the stone platform. However, it was useless. His whole body was pushed to the edge by the strong wind.
Seeing that Thousand Pound Fall was useless, the Cloud Hall disciple immediately lay down and used his hands to hold on to the protruding stone platform. Although the wind pressure was much smaller after he lay down, such a strong wind made it impossible for him to raise his head. He could only use his hands to hold on to the stone platform. The joints of his fingers turned white from excessive force …
It was not easy to participate in the trial road. No one wanted to see the opportunity in front of them slip away. This Cloud Hall disciple could only grit his teeth and hold on.
Luo Zheng shook his head. This guy probably couldn't hold on.
Zhao Xiaohua also shook her head. It was within her expectations that the first person to go up would fail.
After holding on for a few breaths, the Cloud Hall disciple finally couldn't withstand the strong wind and fell from the stone platform.
"Plop!"
Seeing this, the other Cloud Hall disciples all went up to support him.
However, a warrior's body was strong. After all, this Cloud Hall disciple was in the Divine Realm. This fall was not a big deal.
"I … I want to try again!" The disciple of the Cloud Palace had an unconvinced look on his face. Obviously, he felt that he could withstand the strong wind in the cave. He felt that he was just caught off guard. If he was prepared, he would definitely be able to take away the red treasure chest.