However, Zhao Xiaohua shook his head and said, "It's useless. Everyone only has one chance. If you fall, you won't be able to approach the cliff …"
Sure enough, just as Zhao Xiaohua said, the disciple of the Cloud Palace was blocked by a layer of light screen when he approached the cliff. This layer of light screen could even withstand the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation's "Wind Kill". The disciple of the Cloud Palace bumped into it mindlessly and was forcefully bounced back. His forehead was bleeding profusely.
"Everyone only has one chance. If you fall from above, you will be rejected by the light curtain, so don't be anxious. Come one by one!" Zhao Xiaohua said.
Upon seeing the first Cloud Hall disciple's performance, the other eleven people clearly revealed hesitant expressions. Just now, they had been fighting to be the first to rush up. That was because they wanted to seize the initiative, but now, seeing the first Cloud Hall disciple's outcome, the others were somewhat hesitant.
Let the others scout the path first. After seeing the problem clearly, they would be prepared. Only then would they be able to deal with it better. Everyone thought so.
At this moment, a person suddenly rushed out of the forest. He was wearing a black cloak. His entire body was like a wisp of smoke as he quickly rushed towards the cliff.
"Who is it!?"
When Zhao Xiaohua saw the person rushing over, his expression immediately sank. He reached out and pressed his spatial ring. A green spear appeared in his hand. He aimed at the cloaked figure and stabbed!
A strange scene appeared. The black figure was originally jumping forward, but when he jumped up, he was in the air. He gently stepped on the air with his legs and suddenly changed his direction, dodging Zhao Xiaohua's stab.
Everyone knew that flying was forbidden on the path of trial-takers. This black figure was likely unable to fly, but he was able to change direction while jumping in the air. This movement technique was indeed very strange.
Zhao Xiaohua's hasty stab had clearly missed.
The other disciples of the Cloud Palace also reacted quickly and attacked one after another. However, the black shadow jumped to the left, then to the right, and after a roll, it dodged all the attacks and rushed into the light curtain of the cliff.
After that, all the attacks landed on the light screen, but they were unable to harm the black shadow at all.
"What a strange movement technique …" Luo Zheng, who was hiding in the dark, opened his eyes wide and stared at the black figure.
It seemed that this black figure wasn't a Cloud Hall disciple. He should be a disciple of one of the five second-grade sects. Each sect had its own background. This year, the Drifting Cloud Sect's disciples might not have performed well, but in the Misty Cloud Sect, Lucky Cloud Sect, and Cloud Sect, there were naturally many talented people.
"Let's rush in and capture that brat!" A few disciples of the Cloud Palace shouted.
Zhao Xiaohua's face was ashen as he shook his head. "Only one person can enter the cliff at a time. Once this fellow enters, we won't be able to enter …"
"Then wouldn't we be watching him take away the treasure chest?" A disciple of the Cloud Palace said unhappily. In the eyes of these disciples, all the treasure chests on the cliff belonged to them. Even if they couldn't take them, they wouldn't allow anyone else to take them!
. Zhao Xiaohua was also depressed in his heart. When he first met that Xiantian third stage kid, who was talking nonsense in front of him, Zhao Xiaohua instantly wanted to kill him. He tried to kill him in one blow and activated the "Wind Kill" technique. How could Zhao Xiaohua not know the power of the 12 Earthly Branches Great Array? Even if it was him, he couldn't resist the power of the great array formed by 12 Divine Reflection Realm warriors.
But he didn't expect that kid to suddenly use a strange movement technique and escape.
This matter had already made Zhao Xiaohua very angry! Who did he think the Cloud Hall disciples were? That they could come and go as they pleased? Moreover, he was just a Xiantian third stage kid … Normally, any Cloud Hall disciple could easily deal with him, but even the 12 Earthly Branches Great Array couldn't kill him.
After they finally suppressed the sea of ghost-faced spiders with great difficulty, another guy drilled into the cliff. How could Zhao Xiaohua tolerate this?
"Humph, this treasure chest is not so easy to take! Everyone, get into formation! Even if he is lucky enough to take a treasure chest, let's see how he can escape! "
At Zhao Xiaohua's command, the 12 disciples began to form a formation in the direction of the 12 Earthly Branches Great Array. Everyone was staring at the cliff like a tiger watching its prey. When the guy in the black cloak took the treasure chest, they would attack together! With 12 Divine Reflection Realm warriors attacking together, this kid would definitely die if he took the treasure chest!
Unexpectedly, the cloaked kid didn't react at all to the Cloud Hall disciples' actions. Instead, he just jumped onto the stone platform on the cliff.
Under the arched door, Fei Han chuckled and said, "Which sect's disciple is this? He dared to take the tiger's tooth from Zhao Xiaohua's mouth. His courage and boldness aren't inferior to Luo Zheng's at all! "
"Elder Fei, although this kid is wearing a black cloak, I can still tell that he is our Lucky Cloud Sect's Red Maple!" The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect chuckled. The white-clothed old man's face flushed red.
The Sect Masters naturally felt proud when their sect's disciples performed so well.
"That's right, Baili Hongfeng isn't bad either. It'll depend on his luck to see how many treasure chests he can take." Fei Han sighed. "There are too many secrets hidden in the Path of the Trialtakers, and we can't enter. If I'm not mistaken, the items in the red treasure chests are enough to tempt us. If I'm not mistaken, it's a secret medicine that can greatly increase the strength of one's soul … The items in the blue treasure chests are even more incredible!"
Shi Jingtian nodded and said, "That's right. 60 years ago, I also participated in the Trial of Challengers. At that time, our Cloud Hall's Elder Jiu Jie participated in the Trial of Challengers with me. He obtained the opportunity in the blue treasure chest and his strength increased by leaps and bounds! He became an Elder of the Cloud Hall! "
"Hey, Little Shi, if I remember correctly, Elder Jiu Jie's talent back then wasn't as good as yours. The opportunity in the blue treasure chest must be too great. That's why he became an Elder of the Cloud Hall while you are still a little Deacon …" Granny Long sneered.
Shi Jingtian, on the other hand, was calm. "These opportunities are originally linked to the ancient martial art practitioner's luck. Elder Jiu Jie was able to become an Elder of Palace Cloud because of his luck. Furthermore, Elder Jiu Jie's opportunity is not as simple as this treasure chest! I can't be envious of him. "
"Shi Jingtian is right." Fei Han nodded and said, "Our Cloud Hall's Hall Master once took one of the treasure chests. One of the silver treasure chests was taken by our Cloud Hall's Hall Master. How can you say that our Cloud Hall's Hall Master's cultivation is only based on that silver treasure chest?"
"What? The silver treasure chest was taken by our Hall Master? "The Sect Masters were shocked. They had never heard of this before.
Elder Fei Han nodded. "That is indeed the case. Unfortunately, after so many years, other than our Hall Master who took the silver treasure chest, no one else has taken the second silver treasure chest, not to mention the gold treasure chest above the silver treasure chest and the black treasure chest."
The Sect Leaders looked at the numerous treasure chests on the cliff through the letter tablet, their eyes faintly revealing looks of envy. With their strength, it would be a piece of cake for them to take away these treasure chests. Unfortunately, they were unable to enter the Path of the Cultivators, so they could only stare helplessly at the treasure chests.
"Look, Red Maple has already jumped onto the first high platform. According to the rules on the cliff, one can only take one treasure chest of each color. If Red Maple takes the first red treasure chest, his next target can only be the blue treasure chest …" Fei Han said slowly.
"Red Maple … He can definitely take the red treasure chest!" The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect did not look worried at all. He seemed to be very confident in Red Maple's strength. Red Maple was the disciple he was most proud of. He was a once-in-a-thousand-years genius in the Lucky Cloud Sect!
The high platform Red Maple was on was the one chosen by the Cloud Hall's disciple who failed earlier.
The moment he stood on the high platform, a sharp whistling sound came from the cave. It was a sign that a gale was about to erupt.
"Blow him down for me!"
"Wait! The moment he's blown down, we'll do it!"
The Cloud Hall's disciples below shouted. Obviously, they were ready.
＝＝＝＝＝