"Hu hu hu hu … …"
The fierce gale was like the breath of an ancient giant beast. It continuously attacked the outside of the cave.
Red Maple's cloak fluttered in the wind, but his feet seemed to be nailed to the stone platform. No matter how strong the gale was, he didn't move at all. He was as steady as a mountain!
"This kid … …" The Cloud Hall disciples didn't know what to say. They didn't expect the kid to be so strong. He actually chose to face the gale head-on.
"Xiu xiu xiu … …"
After Baili Hongfeng withstood the first gust of wind, the gust of wind suddenly became stronger. In addition to the fierce gust of wind, there were also wind blades, which cut towards Baili Hongfeng.
"Wind blades? Very good, cut him into pieces! "Another Cloud Hall disciple shouted.
Red Maple's head was covered by the cloak, so his expression couldn't be seen. However, when faced with the wind blades, he suddenly moved in a very strange manner.
Normally, when faced with such a gale, as long as one retreated slightly, they would be blown away by the gale. However, Red Maple wasn't blown away!
He took a step forward and began to move in a zigzag pattern. As he moved, he avoided the wind blades. Through this strange pattern, he didn't retreat. Instead, he moved forward step by step along the stone platform towards the red treasure chest!
"What a strange pattern! This cloaked kid must have borrowed the method of sailing against the current! "Luo Zheng looked at the cloaked kid's movements and his eyes suddenly lit up.
If a boatman in the sea wanted to sail against the current, he wouldn't face the wind head-on. Instead, he would sail against the wind at a small angle. This way, he could use the wind pressure against the current to go against the wind! Therefore, when sailing against the current, the boat would move in a zigzag pattern!
This kid used this principle to move forward. Not only did the gale not become a hindrance to the cloaked kid, but it also helped him to a certain extent. Moreover, he used this pattern to avoid the wind blades!
"This kid is too quick-witted!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but praise.
At this moment, the Cloud Hall disciples' faces were ashen. They didn't expect that even the wind blades couldn't do anything to the cloaked kid. Not only did this guy not retreat, but he also went against the wind … …
The face of the Cloud Sect disciple who was blown down and was extremely unwilling also flashed with a shocked expression. He originally felt unconvinced because he didn't have time to prepare in a hurry, that was why he was blown down by the gale. Now it seemed that with his strength, even if he withstood the first wave of gale, he wouldn't be able to deal with the second wave of wind that contained wind blades.
The temptation of these treasure chests was so great, but to obtain them was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.
In fact, from the number of treasure chests that had been opened, one could already tell how difficult it was. The Road of Trials only opened once every three years. After opening it so many times, only a few of the treasure chests had been taken. There were five second-grade sects and the Cloud Palace. Every year, those who participated in the Path of the Trial of Cultivators were the elites of the elites. How many treasure chests had been taken away by so many geniuses?
.... Once you get a treasure chest that was so hard to get, the opportunities and benefits inside would be amazing.
Red Maple continued to move sideways in a zigzag pattern. Step by step, he approached the red treasure chest. He reached out and finally opened the red treasure chest. At this moment, the gale in the cave slowly stopped … …
"He got it!"
"This kid actually opened the red treasure chest!"
"F * ck, I was the one who had my eyes on this red treasure chest, but he got it first!"
Many disciples of the Cloud Palace revealed looks of envy and jealousy in their eyes. More disciples of the Cloud Palace started to curse. It was no wonder that they were jealous.
Although these Cloud Hall disciples were not sure if they could get the red treasure chest, it was like they had taken a fancy to a high and mighty beauty. Although they knew that the chances of pursuing the beauty were slim, there was always a glimmer of hope in their hearts. However, before they could make a move, they were chased away. It was easy to imagine the sullenness in their hearts.
After the red treasure chest was opened, a black thing popped out from the red treasure chest. That thing seemed to be constantly changing its shape. After that thing appeared, it drilled into the cloaked kid's forehead. The cloaked kid stood motionless on the high platform.
"I heard that the item in the red treasure chest on the first floor is a peerless treasure that can strengthen the soul. It seems that the rumors are true." Zhao Xiaohua nodded secretly. In fact, he was not in a hurry. There were many treasure chests on the cliff. Only one treasure chest of each color could be taken away. Zhao Xiaohua would be able to enter sooner or later and take away his own treasure chest.
Red Maple stood in place for a while. Then, he climbed up the cliff. He actually wanted to take the blue treasure chest!
"A man who is never content is like a snake trying to swallow an elephant. The red treasure chest's difficulty is already so high. Blue treasure chest? Dream on! "
"Everyone, get ready. I'm afraid he will fall down the moment he goes up …"
The Cloud Hall disciples began to shout loudly again.
Red Maple was like an agile monkey on the cliff. He quickly swung his body and climbed up the second stone platform.
Just as Baili Hongfeng climbed up to the second level of the stone platform, a raging fire erupted from the cave behind the stone platform!
"Boom!"
The huge flame almost covered the entire stone platform. It spat out long tongues of flame. Those tongues of flame were four to five feet long. The entire valley could feel the terrifying heat from it.
Even the Cloud Hall disciples at the bottom of the valley could feel the rapid rise in temperature. One could imagine the power of these tongues of flame.
"Too, too abnormal … How do we take this chest?" Some of the more timid Cloud Hall disciples couldn't help but ask. Among the Cloud Hall disciples, besides Zhao Xiaohua, there was no lack of ambitious warriors. Not only did they have their eyes on the red treasure chest, but they also had their eyes on the blue treasure chest.
However, when they saw the long tongues of flame, they all dispelled this idea. With their strength, it was impossible for them to take it. If they tried to climb up, losing face would be a small matter, but losing their lives would be a big matter.
Red Maple's entire body was tightly pressed against the high platform. On the surface of his body, a layer of Protective True Essence appeared. This layer of Protective True Essence seemed to be some kind of special secret technique. It was actually able to block the terrifying heat from the terrifying tongues of flame.
However, this was also because Red Maple was lying on the ground. He didn't have to face the thick tongues of flame directly. He only needed to block the aftershocks of the flame.
Relying on the layer of Protective True Essence, Red Maple slowly crawled forward on the high platform. He slowly inched towards the blue treasure chest …
"He's going to get it! I'm so envious. The red treasure chest's reward is already so good. It can even strengthen a person's soul. I wonder what the blue treasure chest's reward is? "
"What's the use of being envious? Even if we give it to you, do you dare to go up and take it? We can all feel the power of the tongues of flame from below. If you go up there, you'll be melted in just a few breaths of time! "
Whether it was Luo Zheng, the numerous disciples of the Cloud Hall, or the Sect Masters outside the Road of Trials, they all stared intently at Red Maple inching forward little by little.
This was a blue treasure chest!
In the past, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall had only obtained a silver treasure chest, which was one level higher than a blue treasure chest. This kid was able to obtain a blue treasure chest at such a young age. It would be strange if these Sect Masters weren't envious!
However, just when Red Maple was a few feet away from the blue treasure chest, the tongues of flame suddenly stopped …
Red Maple was also very clever. He knew that as long as he opened the blue treasure chest, the mechanism would stop operating. Combined with the situation when he took the red treasure chest on the first floor, the mechanisms inside seemed to be a two-stage attack.
For example, the gale mechanism on the first floor. The first stage was a gale, and the second stage was a gale mixed with wind blades.
As for the raging fire mechanism on the second floor, the first stage was a tongues of flame. There was no guarantee that the second stage would be something else, but it would definitely be more terrifying than the tongues of flame.
Red Maple already had a hard time resisting the tongues of flame. He had no choice but to crawl forward. He estimated that he wouldn't be able to resist the second stage of the attack, so the moment the tongues of flame stopped, he rushed towards the blue treasure chest.
At such a close distance, Red Maple could almost cross it in the blink of an eye. He reached out to touch the blue treasure chest, but the instant his hand was two or three inches away from the blue treasure chest …
"Bang!"