A huge fireball was ejected from the cave!
The round fireball was as tall as a person. It looked like a meteorite falling from the sky or a cannonball being fired from a cannon. It shot towards Red Maple outside the cave.
Red Maple felt that it was a pity. He was so close to opening the blue treasure chest, but he was forced to retreat by the fireball!
He had no choice but to retreat! Otherwise, he might lose his life here.
Red Maple managed to dodge the fireball, but he had already fallen from the high platform …
"Oh, what a pity! He was so close! "Under the arched door, the white-robed old man from the Lucky Cloud Sect slapped his thigh and lamented.
Fei Han shook his head as well. "It's indeed a pity. If he had extended his hand a little longer, I'm afraid Red Maple would have gotten the blue treasure chest."
As for the other Sect Leaders, some of them were gloating, while others felt that it was a pity …
"Get ready, let's get rid of this kid!" A Cloud Hall disciple was already prepared.
"Get rid of him, my ass! Hurry up and run! " Someone next to him pulled him back, and more than ten Cloud Hall disciples scattered in all directions. It turned out that the big fireball was a huge rock that had been burned red. It was unknown how hot it was, but when it came crashing down, it was like a meteorite falling from the sky.
The Cloud Hall disciples below originally planned to use the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation to deal with the cloaked kid. However, they did not expect their plan to be ruined by the fireball. In order to avoid the fireball, they had no choice but to disband the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation.
Zhao Xiaohua did not expect this to happen, but there was nothing he could do. Unwilling to give up, he did not plan to rely on the Twelve Earthly Branches Formation. With his own strength, he was one of the strongest ordinary disciples in the Cloud Hall! Therefore, he wanted to deal with the cloaked kid personally.
However, the moment the cloaked kid fell from the cliff, he suddenly stepped on the air. His cloak spread out like a pair of large bird's wings. After gliding for a while, he disappeared into the forest. It was very difficult for Zhao Xiaohua to chase after him.
"You can run away, but you can't run away from the temple. The path of the trial-takers won't end so soon. We'll meet again sooner or later!" Zhao Xiaohua said coldly as she looked in the direction that the cloaked brat had escaped.
However, what Zhao Xiaohua never expected was that in this chaos, just as he was viciously cursing the cloaked kid, another figure charged into the light screen of the valley from the side of the valley …
"That Xiantian third stage boy!" A sharp-eyed disciple of the Cloud Hall shouted.
"Got it! I saw it! "Zhao Xiaohua roared coldly.
The other Cloud Hall disciples looked at Zhao Xiaohua in surprise. In their eyes, Zhao Xiaohua's strength was always unfathomable, and his bearing had always been as elegant as the wind, as if he was not interested in anything around him.
They had never heard Zhao Xiaohua swear before …
But now …
Obviously, Zhao Xiaohua was very angry.
His eyes contained endless anger, and he firmly stared at Luo Zheng in the light screen, clenching his teeth so hard that they almost broke.
Luo Zheng probably felt Zhao Xiaohua's fierce aura from the light screen, but he didn't expect that he would say something that would make Zhao Xiaohua want to vomit blood. "If you have the ability, why don't you bite me?"
This Xiantian third stage boy was simply acting recklessly, and he even dared to provoke him?
That cloaked brat from a moment ago, obviously still had some misgivings about the people of the Cloud Hall. He had covered his face with a cloak and entered the light screen without any provocation, but Zhao Xiaohua had already found it difficult to control his emotions, and even felt a little flustered.
But now, this Luo Zheng not only swaggered into the light screen, but also openly provoked him.
Zhao Xiaohua felt that he was about to collapse. He even had an illusion that his achievements over the years, and he had become one of the top ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall, were not worth mentioning in the eyes of these disciples of second-grade sects? These guys didn't put him in their eyes at all?
Zhao Xiaohua raised his trembling hand, and with his index finger straightened, he said word by word, "You, no matter who you are, no matter who your sect leader is, you must die!"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and smiled, as if he didn't care about Zhao Xiaohua's threat at all. He turned around and began to climb up. If he wasn't afraid of angering the Cloud Hall brat to death, he would have started to hum a song …
Through the letter tablet, Shi Jingtian heard Zhao Xiaohua's words and was somewhat unhappy, "This Zhao Xiaohua is too arrogant!"
Fei Han didn't care at all, "Zhao Xiaohua is arrogant. Today, he was played by both the Red Maple and Luo Zheng, so it is inevitable that he is unhappy. However, if Luo Zheng passes the Trial Taker's Road and becomes an elite of the Cloud Hall, I'm afraid he still has to be careful. This Zhao Xiaohua is a member of the Southern Prince's Zhao family."
"The Southern Prince's Zhao family!" Hearing these four words, Shi Jingtian's heart trembled. No wonder this brat was so arrogant.
The Southern Prince's Zhao family was actually a family that merged two large families. The Wang and Zhao families were both famous families in the southern part of the Central Domain. After these two families merged, they were comparable to a third-rank sect. Therefore, they could be considered a third-rank family.
Just like the seven noble families in the Eastern Domain, these noble families could only be classified as a first-rank power. The Blue Cloud Sect was classified as a second-rank power.
Although a third-rank power was one rank lower than the Cloud Hall, it was still an existence that couldn't be underestimated even in the Central Domain.
"I understand. When Luo Zheng exits the Trial Taker's Road, I will warn him to be careful." Shi Jingtian nodded his head.
These treasure chests had to be opened level by level. Luo Zheng's first step was naturally the red treasure chest at the bottom.
Just now, two people had already climbed up the stone platform on the first level. Luo Zheng was already prepared for the stone platform on the first level, so he naturally had a lot more confidence in dealing with it. It could be said that the red treasure chest was already in his bag!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
A fierce gust of wind swept towards Luo Zheng.
The first Cloud Hall disciple to climb up the stone platform didn't last long under this gust of wind. He was blown down by this gust of wind.
Facing this fierce gust of wind, Luo Zheng did the same as the cloaked brat. He displayed his physical strength and leaned forward to resist this gust of wind.
Such a biting cold gust of wind couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
"This brat is too relaxed. He's even more relaxed than the cloaked brat …"
"He should be able to get the red treasure chest …"
The Cloud Hall disciples were somewhat speechless. These second-grade sect disciples couldn't raise their heads in front of the Cloud Hall disciples. This was because the gap between these second-grade sects and the Cloud Hall disciples was too big. They had received guidance, cultivation environment, and cultivation elixirs from the Cloud Hall disciples. Naturally, the gap between their strength was also very big.
But today, with the appearance of the cloaked brat and Luo Zheng, it could be said that this view was completely overturned.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh … whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Soon, the mechanisms in the cave began the second phase of the attack on Luo Zheng.
"Wind Blade?"
"Heavenly Devil Phantom!"
Luo Zheng didn't intend to use all his strength from the beginning.
His goal was to get as many treasure chests as possible. Red treasure chests, blue treasure chests, silver treasure chests …
It could also be said that Luo Zheng's ambition was very big. But since he had entered this trial by fire, he naturally had to grasp every opportunity!
The red treasure chest actually contained things that could strengthen the soul. It could be imagined that the blue treasure chest's items would be even more precious. Then, what about the silver treasure chest? What about the gold treasure chest? What about the black treasure chest?
Luo Zheng didn't know which level he could climb to, but he could only climb as high as possible!
The six Heavenly Devil Phantoms fiercely welcomed the wind blades. The cloaked brat used his strange identity to dodge the wind blades, but Luo Zheng was even more direct. He actually resisted the wind blades!
"Pa pa pa pa …"
The two Heavenly Devil Phantoms in front were constantly cut by the wind blades. Even though the Heavenly Devil Phantoms were sturdy, the wind blades still left marks on their surface.
When the marks accumulated to a certain number, the two Heavenly Devil Phantoms loudly shattered.
After the first two Heavenly Devil Phantoms shattered, another two Heavenly Devil Phantoms took their place. Luo Zheng had six Heavenly Devil Phantoms, and the two shattered ones could still reform and continue to line up behind him …
In the forest, Red Maple had already pulled off his cloak, revealing his handsome face. He had a head of fiery red hair, and there was a trace of evil between his eyebrows. It was precisely because of this trace of evil that Red Maple was the heartthrob of the Lucky Cloud Sect!
In the face of the furious Zhao Xiaohua, he didn't run away. Instead, he chose to stay here and watch the show. One had to admit that he was skilled and daring.
It was obvious that Red Maple's attitude was good. He didn't feel depressed because he failed to obtain the blue treasure chest.