The disciples of the Cloud Hall were speechless. They weren't weaklings. Given the strength of an elite from the Cloud Hall, any one of them could compete for the top three spots in a second-grade sect.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, they felt like they were on Earth and Heaven.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about the gazes of the disciples of the Cloud Hall. With the Heavenly Demon Phantom in front of him, Luo Zheng quickly approached the red treasure chest.
"Wu …"
The moment Luo Zheng touched the red treasure chest, the mechanism in the cave stopped working. The fierce wind also dissipated without a trace.
"I got it!" Luo Zheng was delighted.
"Pa da." Luo Zheng touched the treasure chest, which seemed to activate a mechanism and automatically opened it.
Then, Luo Zheng saw an irregularly shaped black substance float out of the red treasure chest. This black substance looked like a living thing. It looked soft and wriggled continuously.
Luo Zheng wanted to reach out and grab it, but his fingers passed through the black substance.
Before Luo Zheng could find it strange, the black substance shot out of the space between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
An extremely cool feeling immediately penetrated Luo Zheng's brain. It was as if Luo Zheng was bathing in a world of ice and snow. It was ice-cold, but it wasn't bone-piercing. Instead, it was a kind of refreshing chill.
He felt as if his soul had been sublimated at this moment.
By the time he opened his eyes, Luo Zheng had already finished absorbing the black substance.
The speed at which Luo Zheng absorbed the black substance was twice as fast as the Red Maple. To a large extent, this was because Luo Zheng's soul had been calcined and was already much stronger than an ordinary person's.
This black substance could greatly strengthen the soul of many martialists. Of course, this black substance also strengthened Luo Zheng's soul greatly. However, it wasn't that obvious.
This was like a farmer obtaining a mu of land. It would be an earth-shattering change for the farmer.
On the other hand, a landlord already had 20 mu of land. An additional mu of land wouldn't make much of a difference. It was just icing on the cake.
Luo Zheng's current status was like a landlord, and this black substance was the icing on the cake.
After absorbing the black substance, Luo Zheng didn't stop and continued climbing. His next target was the blue treasure chest!
The Red Maple was broken on the blue treasure chest's stone platform. When he saw Luo Zheng choose to continue climbing, his thin lips curled up slightly. "Interesting. You're not satisfied with the red treasure chest... you should have seen the difficulty of the blue treasure chest... but you still have the confidence to continue climbing.............. could it be that you've already found the method.....
.........................................
. "Shi Jingtian chuckled and said," Didn't your Lucky Cloud Sect get the Red Maple as well? "
"Sigh. Don't say that. Look at my Lucky Cloud Sect's Red Maple. It took me a lot of effort to get it. Look at your Luo Zheng. It was as easy as blowing off dust..
. "Hearing the two Sect Masters flattering each other's disciple, the three Sect Masters of the Rosy Clouds Sect, Misty Cloud Sect, and Drifting Cloud Sect couldn't help but roll their eyes.
However, they rolled their eyes because they couldn't boast. Although it was only a red treasure chest, this opportunity surpassed most of the disciples who participated in the Path of the Trial of Challengers.
At this moment, Fei Han said, "Look, Luo Zheng has climbed to the second stone platform!"
Luo Zheng's climbing movements weren't as graceful as the Red Maple's, so his climbing speed was relatively slower. However, climbing this cliff wasn't difficult for a cultivator.
"How is he going to resist the flames?"
"Isn't he going to lie down? No one would be able to withstand being burned by the flames! "
The Sect Masters thought Luo Zheng was going to learn from the Red Maple's method. He was going to lie down on the ground, avoid the flames from the front, and slowly climb over.
However, Luo Zheng didn't lie down on the ground. Instead, he stood firmly on the stone platform, preparing to face the flames.
"This guy, what is he trying to do?"
"Is he trying to resist the flames with his body?"
"Isn't he afraid of being burned to death?"
When the Sect Masters saw what was written on the jade tablet, they couldn't believe what they were seeing.
Let alone a Xiantian realm warrior, even these Divine Core old men would have to use their True Yuan to protect their bodies. It would be difficult for them to resist the flames with just their bodies.
After all, they were all True Yuan cultivators, and they hadn't chosen the path of body refinement.
"Shi Jingtian, don't tell me Luo Zheng is cultivating both energy and body?" When Fei Han saw the calm expression on Shi Jingtian's face, he immediately guessed.
If Luo Zheng wasn't only cultivating his True Yuan, he was also cultivating his body. With the help of some natural spirit fruits, he might really be able to resist the flames with his body.
However, Shi Jingtian shook his head and said, "Actually, I'm not sure if Luo Zheng is cultivating his body or not … If he is cultivating his body, I can't find any traces of True Yuan in his body. That means Luo Zheng isn't cultivating any body refinement skill. However, his body is incredibly strong, and it's even stronger than those body refiners. I still can't figure it out."
Luo Zheng's performance in the Quan Feng Competition was still vivid in their minds.
His body was incredibly strong, and he wasn't even afraid of Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Karmic Flame unleashed by the Acalanatha's shadow. However, Luo Zheng didn't have any True Yuan in his body.
True Yuan was a type of energy that only body refiners possessed. It was similar to the True Yuan in the True Yuan system. Those who walked the path of body refinement would need to use True Yuan to strengthen their bodies.
"What a strange ability!" When Fei Han heard what Shi Jingtian said, he was shocked as well.
Shi Jingtian nodded his head, "I'm not lying."
Of course, Shi Jingtian couldn't tell that Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people. His body was strong not because of body refinement, but because it was' tempered 'into a weapon. Since it was a weapon, it couldn't be considered as' body refinement ', and it couldn't produce True Yuan.
While they were talking, the raging flames had already charged towards Luo Zheng.
"Boom …"
The raging flames hit Luo Zheng's body, instantly turning Luo Zheng into a flaming man.
Because Luo Zheng blocked the flames, the flames didn't rush out of the stone platform. Instead, it was blocked by Luo Zheng.
Under the fierce flames, Luo Zheng's clothes were instantly burned clean.
Luo Zheng was a little depressed. As a martial artist, it was troublesome to have one's clothes burned. It was very indecent. However, he still had a few sets of spare clothes in his Sumeru Ring, so he could change into them later.
Under the burning of the flames, golden runes began to appear on Luo Zheng's body.
When Luo Zheng first saw the flames, he had this plan in his heart. He wanted to use the flames to burn his body, and even break through the Spirit Tool Body and become an Immortal Tool Body!
But now, Luo Zheng found that his calculations were wrong. Or rather, his judgment was a little naive.
Although the flames in front of him were powerful, it didn't seem to be of a high grade. Or rather, it was a flame created by a special mechanism, so his Spirit Tool Body "looked down" on it.
Therefore, although the flames stimulated the golden runes on his body, the golden runes didn't rotate, and they didn't rotate to swallow the flames …
"It's a little different from what I expected." Luo Zheng thought gloomily. Then, he rushed forward against the flames.
What he didn't know was that because of his actions, many people's hearts had already exploded.
Red Maple was originally sitting on a tree with a straw in his mouth, watching the show. He also used a secret method to hide his presence. Not only would it be difficult for the Cloud Hall disciples to find him, but even the Ghost-Faced Spiders hiding in the forest wouldn't be able to find him.
Seeing the scene on the cliff of the valley, the straw in his mouth fell out of his mouth and gently fell to the ground without him noticing.
"Damn! What a monster! "Red Maple was completely convinced.
As a once-in-a-thousand-years genius of the Lucky Cloud Sect, Red Maple was much stronger than the disciples of the Lucky Cloud Sect.
During the Grand Tournament of the Lucky Cloud Sect, it was too easy for him to get first place. The second place was no threat to Red Maple at all, so it wasn't a challenge at all.
Therefore, this time, Red Maple only paid attention to two people on the path of the Trial. They were the top two disciples of the Cloud Hall, Zhao Xiaohua and Zhuo Bufan.
The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect also repeatedly warned him not to provoke these two guys.
He had to pass this hidden trial, so Red Maple used a cloak to cover his face. He didn't want Zhao Xiaohua to hate him and cause some trouble.
However, Red Maple didn't expect that there were so many capable people on the path of the Trial. In addition to the disciples of the Cloud Hall, there were also some strong disciples in the other sects.
Just because they weren't weak didn't mean they were strong. Red Maple didn't put them in his eyes. Being able to get a "not weak" evaluation from him was already not bad.
But now, a kid at Xiantian third stage suddenly appeared. This guy was even more monstrous than him, which really surprised him.
＝＝＝＝＝