Below the cliff, a group of disciples of the Cloud Hall were dumbfounded.
They had thought of many possible ways to resist this tongue of flame, but no one had dared, or rather, no one had the ability to forcibly rush up against this tongue of flame!
"This guy seems to be immune to fire. How can there be such a special body in this world?" A disciple of the Cloud Hall couldn't help but sigh.
Zhao Xiaohua found a stone and stood on it, staring at Luo Zheng without saying a word. There was no expression on his face, and he was numb …
As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, he was very clear about what each treasure chest meant. He had heard many legends in the Cloud Hall, and even the current master of the Cloud Hall had only obtained a silver treasure chest. How could Luo Zheng obtain a blue treasure chest so easily?
If this continued, not only would Luo Zheng obtain a blue treasure chest, but he might also obtain a silver treasure chest on the third floor …
Moreover, this guy was only at the Xiantian third stage? His potential was even greater than his own?
Zhao Xiaohua thought that he couldn't compare with Zhuo Bufan, but now he had to admit that he couldn't compare with this guy from a second-grade sect!
He was unwilling, unconvinced, and unwilling to face this fact. For a time, all kinds of emotions surged into Zhao Xiaohua's heart.
This tongue of flame was fiercely spat out by the mechanism, but no matter how fierce the flame was, it was blocked by the golden runes on Luo Zheng's body.
Now, Luo Zheng needed to guard against the second floor of the cave, which was the big fireball!
Just now, the cloaked boy had successfully endured the first floor of the flame attack, but he had been driven off the stone by the big fireball. Luo Zheng naturally didn't want to repeat the same mistake.
"Huff …"
As Luo Zheng moved forward, the tongue of flame finally slowly extinguished. Next, Luo Zheng would have to face the second floor of the attack!
Luo Zheng didn't follow the actions of the cloaked boy and try to quickly open the blue treasure chest and stop the mechanism in the cave.
Many times, taking shortcuts only came from a lack of self-confidence, and often because of shortcuts, one would lose more! If the cloaked boy burst out with strong self-confidence in facing the second floor of the attack, then with his own strength, he might have a chance to succeed.
Luo Zheng stood in place, unsheathing his Flowing Light Sword, and the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms slowly floating around Luo Zheng.
Although the Heavenly Demon Phantoms weren't Luo Zheng's strongest offensive means, they were very versatile and extremely useful..
After the tongue of flame completely stopped, a red light suddenly burst out of the cave, and Luo Zheng heard the sound of rolling stones..
"Bang!"
Suddenly, a huge fireball appeared in front of Luo Zheng and shot towards him.
The stone platform was not wide, and the fireball was as tall as a person. There was no place to hide. Facing the rapidly approaching fireball, Luo Zheng's mind moved.
The six Heavenly Devil Phantom transformed into a straight line and charged forward!
....
Under the crushing force of the fireball, the first Heavenly Demon Phantom was instantly crushed to pieces.
......
...
.......
....
. "Bang bang bang!"
The invincible Heavenly Demon Phantoms were like fragile pieces of ceramic, and were quickly crushed.
However, Luo Zheng had achieved his goal. At least the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms had successfully blocked the fireball's speed. Luo Zheng's eyes were like knives, and with a shout, he pulled out his sword!
The power in the dragon scales surged and filled Luo Zheng's entire body, causing his body to expand rapidly in a short period of time.
"Break for me! Collapse Sword! "
The Flowing Light Sword glowed with True Essence, and a powerful Collapse Sword was thrust forward.
Even if it was a small mountain, Luo Zheng's sword could shatter it. Although the rock in the middle of the fireball was comparable to meteorites, and at the same time, it was mixed with great kinetic energy and rolled towards Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng's sword abruptly stopped its momentum.
Luo Zheng was pushed back three feet by the fireball, but after three feet, Luo Zheng didn't retreat an inch.
Once again, he shouted! Luo Zheng flicked his Flowing Light Sword!
"Pa pa …"
The rocks in the middle of the fireball finally began to crack, and those cracks instantly covered the entire fireball. In an instant, the fireball fell apart, scattering in all directions.
Various types of broken rocks still had raging flames on them, and they splashed down the cliff. The Cloud Hall disciples below screamed again and again, constantly dodging …
"Success!"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, and his face revealed a happy expression. He put the Flowing Light Sword into his spatial ring, and slowly walked toward the blue treasure chest.
Luo Zheng could feel the jealous gazes of the Cloud Hall disciples below, and he could also feel the deep unwillingness in their hearts, as well as their complicated expressions.
Because of this, Luo Zheng deliberately slowed down his pace, as if he was enjoying the joy of opening the treasure chest. He wanted to properly stimulate this group of Cloud Hall disciples.
However, this protruding stone platform was only seven or eight meters long, and Luo Zheng could cross it in a few steps. Finally, Luo Zheng placed his hand on the blue treasure chest.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally felt a trace of nervousness.
In the lowest level red treasure chest, there was a secret medicine that could increase one's soul. Then, what about this blue treasure chest? What could it be?
"Pata!"
The blue treasure chest issued a crisp sound, and suddenly, the entire chest began to shake!
"What the hell is this?" Luo Zheng was startled, and at the same time, he was on guard. It seemed like there was some vicious beast hiding inside, and it was about to break through the chest and attack Luo Zheng.
The moment the blue treasure chest opened, a red shadow suddenly rushed out from the chest, and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Almost as if it was a conditioned reflex, Luo Zheng ducked and dodged, wanting to avoid the red shadow. However, the red shadow's speed seemed to be extremely fast. Although it missed, it circled in the air and rushed toward Luo Zheng again, and at the same time, it released a powerful blood vitality! It seemed to contain some kind of tenacious vitality.
This time, Luo Zheng was unable to avoid it. He could only let the red shadow rush toward his chest, and in an instant, it entered his heart.
The moment the red shadow rushed toward him, Luo Zheng saw clearly that he had seen this red shadow before.
At that time, when he had entered the immortal mansion, he had encountered a creature called the "Hydra". The Hydra in front of him seemed to be made out of blood, and he could only roughly recognize it from its appearance!
After the Hydra entered Luo Zheng's heart, Luo Zheng's heart almost stopped beating.
One breath, two breaths, three breaths … …
The heart stopped beating for about thirty breaths of time! If it was an ordinary person, their heart would have stopped beating, and they would be on the verge of death. However, Luo Zheng's body had entered a strange state!
After thirty breaths of time, Luo Zheng's heart beat violently.
"Putong!"
"Putong!"
"Putong!"
The sound of the heartbeat was so loud that not only Luo Zheng could hear it, but even the Cloud Hall disciples below could hear it.
How strong did the heart have to be to be able to make such a loud sound?
All the Cloud Hall disciples had their mouths wide open as they stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who was on the cliff.
Red Maple licked his lips and shook his head helplessly. He cursed, "F * ck, if I knew that the item in the blue treasure chest was so good, I would have fought with my life on the line. With my strength, I might have had a chance."
Red Maple was very regretful. This wasn't the only trial on the Trial Challenger's path, so Red Maple had held back. He still wanted to play it safe. After all, his biggest goal was to pass the Trial Challenger's path. He didn't expect that the item in the blue treasure chest would be able to greatly strengthen a warrior's vitality. He had clearly seen that after the Hydra entered Luo Zheng's heart, it seemed to have given Luo Zheng a powerful heart!
Under the arched door, Fei Han shook his head. "The Hydra's Blood Soul! This is the Blood Soul of an adult Hydra! Everyone, do you remember anything? "
"Elder Jiu Jie was once hunted down by his enemies and fell into a dangerous situation. Both of his arms were chopped off. At that time, he ran for thousands of miles with his legs. After three days and three nights, both of his arms grew back in perfect condition. Although the newly grown arms were not as strong as before, Elder Jiu Jie relied on this ability to catch his enemies off guard and kill them!" Shi Jingtian didn't think too much about it as he recounted the past. Back then, Shi Jingtian had the best relationship with Elder Jiu Jie, so he remembered it clearly.
"We all know that Elder Nine Abstinence's vital energy and blood is extremely powerful, but we didn't know that his vital energy and blood originated from this blue treasure chest. After this nine-headed dragon's blood soul enters the body, it can greatly increase a martial artist's vital energy and blood … Luo Zheng, you're really lucky." The Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect sighed. He felt that it was a pity. If only Red Maple could obtain this Blood Soul.
Fei Han chuckled. "Let's wait and see. I think this kid won't be satisfied with the item in the blue treasure chest. His next target will be the silver treasure chest. The Master of the Cloud Hall took the silver treasure chest back then. I wonder if Luo Zheng can take it …"
"Dream on," Granny Long sneered. "Luo Zheng is lucky enough to be able to open the blue treasure chest. Now, he wants to open the silver treasure chest? Maybe in your next life! "