Outside the arched door, there was only a letter tablet. Whenever the picture of Zhuo Bufan and her disciple Jin Qiaoning appeared on the letter tablet, Granny Long's face would smile like a flower, and she would keep praising them.
It was as if Zhuo Bufan was her own son, and all the disciples who participated in the Trial Taker's Road were just a pile of shit. Only her Jin Qiaoning was qualified to stand next to Zhuo Bufan.
As the Elder of the Cloud Hall, Fei Han naturally knew more about the disciples of the Cloud Hall. He was very clear about the background and strength of Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua. Therefore, Fei Han naturally paid attention to the other disciples, such as Luo Zheng, Red Maple, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and several other outstanding disciples of the other Sects.
However, whenever Luo Zheng appeared on the letter tablet, Granny Long would inevitably belittle Luo Zheng.
It was fine if it was just one or two times. After all, Grandma Long was a woman. Not only was her temper difficult to deal with, her strength was also not to be underestimated. However, this old woman seemed to be addicted to it. How could Shi Jingtian endure this?
Seeing Shi Jingtian explode, the other Sect Masters were also secretly happy.
Granny Long's mouth wasn't just aimed at Luo Zheng alone. Although she didn't target the others as much, Granny Long couldn't help but say a few bad words. The other Sect Leaders had long been unhappy with her, but they just held it in like Shi Jingtian.
"What? How can a guy who popped out of a small corner in the East become a big deal? Hmph, East Region, East Region, you really dare to call yourselves a region! This is the biggest joke in the world. So what if I say it? This Luo Zheng provoked Zhao Xiaohua, which is the same as provoking the South Prince Zhao Family. How big of a future can he have? Ignorant of the times! I think that Red Maple is smarter than Luo Zheng. At least when he snatched the treasure chest, he covered his face … "Granny Long sneered as she stomped the crutch in her hand.
Shi Jingtian also threw caution to the wind. He was originally a reckless person, and he admired Luo Zheng's courage to go against Zhao Xiaohua. At this moment, he laughed and said boldly, "So what if it's the South Prince Zhao Family? If you offend him, do you not need to cultivate anymore? Just find a place to commit suicide? The South Prince's Zhao Family is indeed not bad as a third rank family. However, Granny Long, don't forget that the Cloud Hall is a fourth rank family. Just because of a disciple of the South Prince's Zhao Family, you think that the elites of the Cloud Hall will not be able to make a comeback? You're overestimating the South Prince! ........ Granny Long...................
......... When have I ever praised others and lowered my own prestige? "Granny Long said angrily.
Shi Jingtian's words were to use the Cloud Hall's power to pressure Granny Long. If Luo Zheng could pass the Path of the Trialtakers, he would become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall. Naturally, he would be under the protection of the Cloud Hall. A fourth-grade Sect like the Cloud Hall wouldn't be afraid of a third-grade Sect like the South of the Zhao Family.
"You just said that Luo Zheng offended Zhao Xiaohua, so... . What? You're not going to admit what you just said? "Shi Jingtian sneered.
"I, I …" Granny Long was refuted to the point that she couldn't say anything.
At this moment, Fei Han suddenly said, "Enough. Don't quarrel over such a small matter. Luo Zheng is going to get the third treasure chest!"
The moment Fei Han finished speaking, Shi Jingtian and Granny Long stared at Xin Gui.
Although they knew that it was extremely difficult to get the silver treasure chest, Shi Jingtian had a faint premonition that Luo Zheng had a high chance of opening the silver treasure chest!
This was how Luo Zheng managed to climb to the top of Quan Feng Peak. Every step he took was beyond everyone's expectations. Therefore, Shi Jingtian also had the same premonition this time.
Luo Zheng felt pain in his chest.
After the blood-red Nine-Headed Dragon entered Luo Zheng's heart, every time his heart beat, it felt as if a sledgehammer was hitting it. Therefore, every time his heart beat, he felt as if it was being hammered. This feeling was extremely uncomfortable.
When his heart beat violently, the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul in his body followed the pressure of his heart and continuously flowed into every part of Luo Zheng's body.
After his heart beat violently for a few dozen times, the sound finally weakened. The hammering on his heart became weaker and weaker until it finally disappeared. This meant that Luo Zheng had already absorbed the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul.
The powerful blood Qi rolled in Luo Zheng's body, causing Luo Zheng's blood Qi to surge like smoke. He felt as if he had an inexhaustible amount of energy.
How could Luo Zheng not know how precious the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul was?
When Luo Zheng was still in the Eastern Domain's Burning Sky Palace, the Third Prince offered three stunning beauties. These three beauties were from the Yuan Race and contained powerful blood Qi in their bodies. By taking their Primordial Yin, one could obtain this blood Qi, which was extremely beneficial to a martial artist.
However, the blood Qi contained in these three beauties was probably less than one ten-thousandth of the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul.
The three beauties from the Yuan Race were enough to make many Divine Reflection Realm martial artists yearn for them. What about the value of the Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul? It was hard to estimate!
After his heart calmed down, Luo Zheng did not choose to rest. Instead, he wanted to continue climbing!
If the items in the Blue Treasure Chest were already so precious, then what about the Silver Treasure Chest?
Luo Zheng slowly climbed up the cliff. The cliff was rugged, and he could reach anywhere. It was not difficult to climb.
After choosing a Silver Treasure Chest, Luo Zheng easily climbed up a stone platform.
"I must take the Silver Treasure Chest!"
After climbing up the stone platform, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a determined look. He knew very well that the danger and difficulty of taking the Silver Treasure Chest were far greater than the Blue Treasure Chest.
Facing an unknown challenge, Luo Zheng was on full alert as he looked at the dark cave.
"Clang, clang, clang …"
A rhythmic collision sound came from the cave.
It was as if something was about to come out.
Luo Zheng was not the only one who was nervous. Everyone wanted to see what kind of trial one had to pass to obtain the Silver Treasure Chest on the third floor.
Zhao Xiaohua, on the other hand, opened his eyes wide and remained motionless as he stared at the high platform Luo Zheng was on. With Zhao Xiaohua's strength, his goal was the Silver Treasure Chest on the third floor. The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall had once obtained the Silver Treasure Chest on the third floor. Although the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall was so powerful and could sit in the Hall Master's position, it was impossible for him to rely solely on this Silver Treasure Chest. However, if he could obtain the Silver Treasure Chest, it meant that his talent was on par with the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!
If he became an elite disciple in the future, it would be a great honor and resource for him! His talent was similar to that of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. Who would dare to ignore him?
Therefore, Zhao Xiaohua had to concentrate on observing and not let go of any details. After grasping these details and thinking of countermeasures, his chances of obtaining the Silver Treasure Chest would increase by at least 30%.
From this point of view, Luo Zheng entering the cliff was actually beneficial to Zhao Xiaohua. At the very least, Luo Zheng's exploration of the dangers on each floor was a strong demonstration.
It was beneficial to Zhao Xiaohua, but it didn't mean that Zhao Xiaohua had forgiven Luo Zheng. On the contrary, Zhao Xiaohua already hated Luo Zheng to the bone … Therefore, Zhao Xiaohua hoped that Luo Zheng could fully display his strength so that he could clearly see the dangers on the third floor. However, he also didn't want Luo Zheng to really succeed in passing the level and obtain the Silver Insurance. This was a very complicated mentality.
"Clang, clang …"
The sound became louder and louder. Soon, a strange object appeared at the entrance of the cave.
"A puppet?"
Luo Zheng found it difficult to describe what it was.
It looked like a puppet pieced together with pillars. Luo Zheng couldn't find a comparison for this thing in his mind. However, it could move on its own and he couldn't sense any signs of life from this thing. Therefore, Luo Zheng could only call it a puppet.
However, this puppet's hands and feet were made of shiny metal pillars. At the end of the pillars, there were no hands or feet. Instead, there were sharp blades. Each blade emitted a cold light. Clearly, the quality of these sharp blades wasn't low. Not only were the hands and feet covered with blades, but there were also blades on the head, shoulders, and many other places.
This kind of puppet was clearly born for killing. This was a killing puppet!
After the puppet walked out of the cave, it quickly rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Its feet were also two sharp blades. With every step it took, it deeply nailed itself into the stone platform.
In the process of rapidly approaching Luo Zheng, its thin body, which only had one metal pillar, suddenly began to rotate. As its body rotated, its arms began to rotate at an extremely high speed like a large windmill, strangling towards Luo Zheng.
"How do I deal with this thing?"
Puppets weren't humans. They didn't have an absolute weakness. According to Luo Zheng's conjecture, this puppet should have a core that provided it with energy. He only needed to break that core.
The problem was that Luo Zheng didn't have much time to observe. Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the stone platform. If he couldn't block the puppet's first attack, he would fall down and be eliminated.
"Waist!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His waist suddenly attacked, like a tiger crouching on the ground, ready to attack the enemy! In some moves, this kind of attack posture was called the Subduing Tiger Style. The moment the puppet rushed over, Luo Zheng's feet stomped hard. His whole body was like a pouncing tiger. At the same time, the Flowing Light Longsword slashed out horizontally.