The Flowing Light Longsword danced in the air, creating a dazzling silver sword shadow, and heavily struck the puppet's waist.
"Ding!"
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the puppet was made of an unknown metal. Even Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Longsword couldn't cut it open. The recoil from the Flowing Light Longsword made his hand numb.
"So hard! Even an immortal weapon can't cut it open! "
Luo Zheng's sword didn't succeed, so the puppet attacked Luo Zheng. The puppet's body tilted slightly, and the high-speed rotating blades twisted towards Luo Zheng.
The speed of the two blades' rotation had exceeded the limit of the naked eye. Only circular shadows could be seen. Because the rotation speed was too fast, it looked like a silver plate, reflecting all the light.
"Whoosh …"
Facing the rotating blades, Luo Zheng quickly retreated and even rolled on the ground to avoid it.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that the puppet would directly cut the silver plate to the ground. It actually wanted to cut the stone platform, so Luo Zheng would fall down!
This puppet was too smart, so smart that it was abnormal …
Generally speaking, human-made puppets could only execute simple orders. They would be somewhat dull when dealing with slightly more complicated matters.
However, after this puppet forced Luo Zheng to retreat, it knew how to cut the stone platform and let Luo Zheng fall down by himself. It was obvious that it could think.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to think about the problem. Naturally, Luo Zheng didn't want to fall down. Once he fell, facing the siege of the Cloud Hall's disciples was a small matter. However, Luo Zheng had to take this silver treasure chest. Moreover, there was still a gold treasure chest above it. Perhaps Luo Zheng would want to get a share of it. As for the black treasure chest at the top, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, if there was a chance, he wouldn't give it up!
This wasn't because Luo Zheng was ambitious. His mentality had always been very good. If there was an opportunity, he would do his best. If he couldn't get it in the end, then his strength and luck were not enough. At that time, Luo Zheng would choose to accept his fate.
For example, the Immortal Mansion hidden in the Eastern Region was obviously a great opportunity. However, in the end, Luo Zheng was only the temporary owner of the Immortal Mansion. If he could become the real owner of the Immortal Mansion, then he would benefit a lot. However, he didn't try to become the real owner of the Immortal Mansion. this was because Luo Zheng knew his own strength!
Although it was important to fight, sometimes it was more important to see oneself!
Now that Luo Zheng Luo Zheng's eyes, how could he not fight?
The speed of the puppet's cutting was extremely fast. A series of ear-piercing buzzing sounds could be heard as stone chips flew in all directions. Under all of this, it had already cut half of the protruding stone platform on the cliff. If it continued to cut down, even if it didn't cut it, the stone platform would still break due to its own weight.
"Stop it for me!"
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into the metal puppet from different directions. Although Luo Zheng Luo Zheng knew that the metal puppet was ridiculously strong and that the Heavenly Demon Phantoms would have no effect on it, they could still interfere with it.
Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!
Just as Luo Zheng Luo Zheng had predicted, the Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into it like eggs hitting a rock!
The material used to refine this puppet was definitely the strongest metal Luo Zheng Luo Zheng had ever seen. Just this puppet alone could probably be sold for a sky-high price outside.
At the same time that the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into it, Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword had already stabbed into the constantly spinning silver plate. Luo Zheng Luo Zheng wanted to stop this "windmill" and make it stop.
Clang!
The sword pierced through the silver plate. The upper half of the Flowing Light Longsword was stuck in the waist of the puppet, while the middle half forcibly stopped the puppet from spinning. Because the strength was too great, the Flowing Light Longsword was completely twisted into a fried dough twist.
Luo Zheng's heart ached when he saw his immortal artifact become like this. There was nothing he could do about it. This puppet was too abnormal. Not only was it invulnerable, its reaction was also extremely fast.
Just as Luo Zheng locked the puppet's body, the metal pillars on the puppet's body began to lengthen and shorten. It was actually changing its shape!
Two long metal poles suddenly protruded from the legs of the puppet. At the top of the poles were three sharp claws. The three sharp claws suddenly grabbed at Luo Zheng and locked onto Luo Zheng's legs in an instant.
"Pfff! Pfff!"
Luo Zheng's ankles were locked by the sharp claws. Those sharp claws instantly cut open Luo Zheng's skin and firmly stuck onto the bones of Luo Zheng's ankles. Several streams of blood splashed out.
This was the first time that Luo Zheng had been injured since he entered the Road of Trials by Fire!
With Luo Zheng's high-grade spirit artifact body, ordinary attacks simply couldn't break through his tyrannical body. However, he couldn't stop the sharp claws of the puppet in front of him.
Fortunately, the strength of Luo Zheng's bones was even more terrifying, so the sharp claws didn't cut open the bones of his feet. If it were other warriors, their feet would have been completely broken by now.
Even so, Luo Zheng's current situation was very critical. After his legs were locked, Luo Zheng had already lost the ability to move. Just as Luo Zheng was about to use his fists to resist, two more metal poles protruded from the shoulders of the puppet.
"Puff, puff, puff!"
The sharp claws on the poles locked onto Luo Zheng's wrists once again. Streams of blood gushed out from Luo Zheng's arms and dyed Luo Zheng's sleeves red.
This time, Luo Zheng's hands were locked.
With his hands and feet locked, Luo Zheng was now a fish on the chopping board. He could only be slaughtered, or rather, slaughtered by the puppet …
The puppet probably judged that ordinary attacks couldn't really hurt Luo Zheng, so a sharp awl drilled out of its chest. After that awl popped out, it spun at high speed with a buzzing sound and drilled towards Luo Zheng's chest. It actually wanted to drill Luo Zheng to death!
Seeing this scene, even the disciples of the Cloud Hall sucked in a breath of cold air …
Wasn't this too tragic?
Previously, the disciples of the Cloud Hall felt that everything was going smoothly. Even when they passed through the first half of the Burning Sky Sea of Flames, they didn't encounter too much danger.
After entering the hidden trial and sweeping away the Ghost-Faced Spiders, they had the misconception that the Trial Challenger's Path wasn't as difficult as it was rumored to be!
If it was just passing through the Trial Challenger's Path, it wouldn't be too difficult. However, the Trial Challenger's Path was full of opportunities! And dangers often accompanied these opportunities.
For warriors, if they didn't fight for these opportunities after entering the Trial Challenger's Path, it would be like entering a treasure mountain and returning empty-handed. This was something that no warrior could accept.
At this moment, they understood that if they weren't strong enough, trying to take away the opportunities was no different from courting death!
Seeing the puppet's strength, Zhao Xiaohua shook his head. On one hand, he was glad that Luo Zheng had died inside. On the other hand, he had to accept another fact. If he had climbed to the third level, he was afraid that he would have died faster than Luo Zheng.
Under the arched door, Shi Jingtian's face was as gloomy as a piece of black iron. It was hard and dark as he stared at Xin Gui without saying a word.
The Trial Challenger's Path was full of danger. Once danger appeared, these elders wouldn't be able to help. They could only watch from the side.
The several Sect Leaders knew that Shi Jingtian's mood was very bad. Even Grandma Long, who had been ridiculing Shi Jingtian, didn't dare to speak at this time. If she continued to provoke Shi Jingtian, this guy might really attack. However, although Grandma Long didn't say anything, she was very happy in her heart.
This Luo Zheng had overestimated himself and wanted to climb to the third level to court death. No one could stop him. With the strength of a Xiantian third stage, he should have just followed the other warriors to pass the Trial Challenger's Path. He wanted to learn from others and pass the Trial Challenger's Path. He wanted to obtain a great opportunity, but he didn't know that he didn't have the fortune to enjoy it!
Fei Han sighed, shook his head and said, "If I'm not wrong, this puppet is made of 'Red Thunder Purple Mysterious Iron'. Therefore, the surface of the puppet has a purple and golden metallic luster. This material is used to forge high-grade immortal equipment. It is extremely tough. If Luo Zheng wants to break this Red Thunder Purple Mysterious Iron … it is almost impossible."
Looking at Shi Jingtian's expression, Fei Han didn't say much. He could only hope that Luo Zheng still had the means to break free from the puppet and jump down from the stone platform.
At this point, no martial artist would covet the treasure chest at the end of the stone platform. Their own life was the most important thing. If they didn't even have their life, then what was the point of having a mountain of gold and silver?
But with Luo Zheng's strength, could he break free?
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't sit still and wait for death!
With his limbs locked down, Luo Zheng let out a loud roar, and all the power in his body gushed out like spring water. All the dragon scales in his body lit up at the same time, and surging power poured into his body.
Then, Luo Zheng used all his strength to shrink his body. He endured the sharp pain from the claws on his limbs and tried to break free from the puppet's shackles.
But the puppet didn't move at all. The disparity in strength was too big. It was like a child kicking a thick tree. It didn't move at all.
At this time, Luo Zheng noticed that the puppet had stabbed several sharp blades into the stone platform. His eyes flashed and he seemed to have found a way to break free. His whole body suddenly fell backward!
＝＝＝＝＝