It had to be said that Luo Zheng did not absorb all of the Heaven's Divination Essence because he had considered the seller's crystal.
When he was in the Eastern Region, he had enough power. The power of more than a hundred dragon scales was enough to make him unrivaled in the same realm, even among Divine Illumination Realm experts.
However, at this moment, it was not enough. If he had known this would happen, he would have absorbed more of the Heaven Amplification Essence. If he could light up five hundred dragon scales now, or even more, he would be able to tear this puppet apart with his bare hands …
But Luo Zheng still had to consider the problem of his body's strength.
No matter how powerful the dragon scales were, he still had to consider the problem of his body's endurance. If his body could not withstand such a huge amount of power, the first to collapse would not be his opponent, but his own body.
Although his spirit artifact body was extremely strong, if too much power was applied to his body, it would probably collapse too.
Luo Zheng could not break free from the puppet's claws, but Luo Zheng noticed a detail.
This puppet seemed to be relying on the two sharp blades at its feet to stabilize itself. In other words, the puppet's lower body was unstable!
Facing the awl that was getting closer and closer to his heart, Luo Zheng struggled with all his might, and the entire puppet started to sway. Following the angle of the puppet's swaying, Luo Zheng leaned forward again, and the puppet's sharp blades had to be pulled out from the stone platform. It needed to balance its body!
"Rub, rub, rub …"
The puppet grabbed Luo Zheng and retreated a few steps. With each step, it was swaying from side to side. The sharp blades at its feet pierced holes in the stone platform.
At this moment, the puppet was also swaying from side to side, unable to stabilize itself. Luo Zheng's constant struggle intensified the puppet's swaying!
As the puppet kept retreating, Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer to the blue treasure chest. As long as he touched the blue treasure chest, he would pass this level. It seemed that hope was getting closer and closer to him.
However, just as the puppet was unable to stabilize itself and kept retreating, a long hook suddenly extended from its lower body and shot into the stone platform. There were two barbs at the end of the long hook. After it was nailed into the stone platform, it actually firmly fixed the puppet in place.
"Motherf * cker, this …"
Luo Zheng couldn't help swearing.
When one's strength was insufficient, one could only resort to trickery. Luo Zheng finally came up with a trick, but it was unexpectedly broken by this puppet.
Wasn't this puppet a little too smart?
Could it be that this puppet had innate intelligence? Or could it be that there was a person's soul inside?
Luo Zheng still remembered the servant called Afo in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. He was a puppet, but there was a living soul in the puppet. Not only that, Afo also said that he had made three puppets over the years and had implanted human souls in them.
Since the Immortal Mansion had this technique, it was possible that it existed in the trial taker's path as well.
But even if he figured it out, it was useless. After the puppet stabilized its body, the awl began to make a buzzing sound again and drilled towards Luo Zheng's chest.
"Still can't dodge it?" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed tightly.
The closer it was to life and death, the more one couldn't panic. Perhaps sometimes, a turning point often appeared in an instant.
Luo Zheng exhaled and tried to keep himself calm. Panic would only make him die faster.
Just now, Luo Zheng had taken advantage of the puppet's unstable lower body to push it a few steps away, giving everyone a glimmer of hope. But this puppet firmly fixed itself in place. Almost everyone thought that Luo Zheng was doomed.
This Red Thunder Purple Mysterious Iron had firmly locked Luo Zheng, and there was no possibility of breaking free. They really couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng could escape from this puppet.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng saw a black line not far from his right hand.
These black lines could be seen everywhere in the broken space of the trial taker's path. This was because the trial taker's path had been broken, and the space was not as stable as the Vast Thousand Worlds, so many flaws had appeared.
In thousands of years, these flaws in space would slowly evolve into space cracks, and the entire trial taker's path would fall apart.
Luo Zheng didn't know that these lines were actually the weak points of space, which was the space's flaw …
But he knew that he could use these lines to achieve the effect of teleportation!
He had seen through a trace of the space law. When he had first set foot on the trial taker's path, he had tried to move along these lines. He knew that he wasn't moving, but using these lines to achieve the effect of teleportation!
Using the space law to teleport referred to disappearing from one place and reappearing in another in an instant.
When Luo Zheng had used these lines to move, he had actually been teleporting! This was because it had taken him almost no time to teleport from the front of a line to the end.
This magical method of movement made Luo Zheng very happy. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng felt that it wasn't practical … because if he wanted to move, he had to rely on these black lines, and the length of the black lines was too short. The longest one was only a few feet long, and the shortest one was only a few inches long.
The line in front of him was only a foot long, but it was enough for him to escape from the puppet's hands!
Although Luo Zheng's wrists and ankles were firmly locked by four sharp claws, he still had a certain range of movement. At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't have time to think because the awl was less than half a foot away from his heart. If his heart was pierced and crushed by this awl, no matter how strong Luo Zheng's body was, he would still die!
Luo Zheng once again gathered all the strength in his body and suddenly stretched out his right hand, but there was still a little distance between him and the black line.
"Two more inches!"
"Just one more breath away!"
At this moment, the awl had already reached Luo Zheng's chest. The tip of the awl had even pierced through the skin of Luo Zheng's chest. Luo Zheng's body could already feel the power of the awl's continuous rotation and drilling into his body.
"Catch it!"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and stretched out his finger towards the black line.
The moment Luo Zheng touched the black line, Luo Zheng's figure stretched out along the black line into countless shadows. Just like that, he strangely escaped from the puppet's restraints.
The four sharp claws that the puppet had used to capture Luo Zheng were now empty. It was as if Luo Zheng had disappeared into thin air.
In fact, Luo Zheng had relied on his slight understanding of the space law to teleport.
Although the range of his movement was very small, only two feet, he had already escaped from the puppet's restraints.
The puppet was clearly stunned. It actually stood there in a daze and forgot to attack Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity and quickly rushed towards the silver treasure chest. The moment Luo Zheng's hand touched the blue treasure chest, the flickering metallic luster on the puppet's surface slowly dimmed.
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
The puppet withdrew the long hook that was holding its body and slowly returned to its cave. When it passed by Luo Zheng, the puppet seemed to turn around and "look" at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng placed his hand on the silver treasure chest and smiled at the puppet. At the same time, he asked, "You are inside this puppet. Am I right?"
"Ka ka —"
The puppet stopped in its tracks and stood still.
"I know you are inside this puppet. If you have a way to release yourself, I … can help you. If you can tell me," Luo Zheng said again.
After a few breaths of time, the puppet stepped forward and returned to the cave.
When their soul was refined into a puppet, it seemed as if they possessed an indestructible and immortal body. However, living in a puppet was a very frightening thing. At this time, "death" was not what they were afraid of. Instead, "living" was an even more frightening thing!
When Luo Zheng entered the Immortal Mansion, Afo was very excited to see him. At the same time, he told him that living as a puppet for tens of millions of years was a very scary thing! At that time, Luo Zheng had already deeply experienced the horror of it.
Presumably, the soul in this puppet was facing the same problem. It was a pity that this puppet seemed to only have the ability to kill and was unable to communicate with him. If it had a soul, it should be able to communicate with him through it. However, it was also possible that its soul was completely sealed.
"Ha ha ha ha ha!" At the entrance of the trial road, under the arched door, Shi Jingtian let out a carefree laugh.
Elder Fei Han also shook his head and laughed, "I didn't expect this, I really didn't expect this. Heaven really never bars one's way! At the beginning, Luo Zheng was able to discover the existence of these black lines. Now, he can use them flexibly. He is really not simple! "