In the eyes of martial artists, fate was also an illusory thing.
Many martial artists were inclined to believe in fate. As a result, there was a profession in the martial artist world called the Fate Master. It was said to be able to increase a martial artist's fate.
However, there were also many martial artists who scoffed at this idea. They felt that the concept of destiny was untenable. As for those so-called destiny masters, they were all swindlers. Many martial artists would spend a great deal of money to find these destiny masters to increase their destiny when they ventured into mystic realms. In the end, they would still die tragically in those mystic realms.
Therefore, there was a huge debate about the existence of fate. There was still no conclusion.
When it came to Shi Jingtian, Fei Han and the others, they would always choose to believe in the existence of fate. Of course, they wouldn't look for those so-called 'fate masters', and there wouldn't be any scammers who would dare to deceive them.
Just like how Luo Zheng was able to escape from the puppet, it could be said to be the embodiment of fate.
People with great fate were very difficult to kill! At the crucial moment, they could even find a way out …
These few Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han were not only envious of Luo Zheng's silver treasure chest reward, they were even more envious of Luo Zheng's fate.
There were all kinds of strange things in this world. Secret realms, danger zones, danger zones, ominous zones. Although these places were dangerous, they also contained great opportunities. The greater the reward, the greater the danger! It all depended on whether you had the life to obtain it.
"The silver treasure chest opened by the Hall Master that year was actually opened by Luo Zheng." Fei Han let out a long sigh and said, "I think this matter needs to be reported."
When Shi Jingtian heard Fei Han's words, he was delighted. The more outstanding Luo Zheng was, the more benefits he could obtain. If Luo Zheng's performance attracted the attention of the Hall Master, it would definitely be a good thing for him!
Standing in front of the silver treasure chest, Luo Zheng could not hide his excitement.
Zhao Xiaohua knew the value of this silver chest, but Luo Zheng didn't know either. He didn't know that the only silver chest that had been opened had been taken by the Cloud Hall's Hall Master.
Luo Zheng only knew that he had risked his life to obtain this silver treasure chest. It was not easy to obtain this silver treasure chest.
That was how humans were. Things that were hard to come by would naturally be cherished.
"Pata!"
Luo Zheng heard the soft sound of the silver chest opening. It was so pleasing to his ears.
Luo Zheng originally thought that there would be something inside the silver treasure chest that could be directly applied to Luo Zheng's body. However, to his surprise, when he opened the silver treasure chest, he found a jade slip inside.
This jade slip exuded a green luster, as if it was made from the purest jade.
"This jade slip is a secret cultivation technique manual?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly.
He reached out his hand to pick up the jade slip. However, when Luo Zheng's hand touched the jade slip, a strange feeling appeared. The jade slip suddenly turned into specks of green light and spread out. They spiraled up along Luo Zheng's arm and drilled into Luo Zheng's mind.
What kind of jade slip was this? How could it directly drill into his mind? Luo Zheng's heart was suddenly filled with curiosity.
Previously, the black substance in the red treasure chest was a type of Soul Knockout Potion. It was understandable that it could enter one's mind. Later on, the Nine-Headed Snake Blood Soul in the blue treasure chest could also be explained by the fact that it could enter one's heart. After all, they were originally energy related substances.
However, this jade slip could also turn into green light and enter Luo Zheng's mind. This made him feel somewhat incredulous.
After the jade slip spread out, clear words appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
Every word contained an endless killing intent. It was as if every word could kill.
"《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 … saint level cultivation technique …"
"With the lifetime comprehension of the Demon Blood Emperor, this cultivation technique can control the baleful aura of millions of living beings, and can destroy gods and Buddhas …"
"The origin of baleful aura comes from the curse of living beings. It can't break the curse, and solidifies into …"
This was a saint level cultivation technique!
And the person who created this saint level cultivation technique was called the Demon Blood Emperor. This name was extremely unfamiliar to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng was clear that the word "Emperor" in the name had a different meaning from the word "Emperor" in the Burning Sky Dynasty. The word "Emperor" in the secular world was used for ordinary people. In the world of martial artists, it was nothing.
The word "Emperor" in the name of the Demon Blood Emperor was the highest honor for martial artists. Only the strongest of the great thousand worlds had the qualifications to be bestowed the title of Emperor!
This Demon Blood Emperor was once an Emperor level powerhouse! He was probably the previous owner of this ancient ruin.
Such a huge ruin must have once belonged to a peak-level sect. But after tens of millions of years of corrosion, it had gradually withered away. Luo Zheng had no idea whether the Blood Demon Emperor was dead or alive. But at the very least, he had recorded his cultivation technique into a jade letter and placed it here.
After waiting for so many years, Luo Zheng was the one who opened this silver chest. He wondered if the other silver chests contained the same cultivation technique.
Within these five silver chests, there were indeed five jade slips. And these five jade slips contained different cultivation techniques. They were the five legacy cultivation techniques of the Demon Blood Emperor. Among them, the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 was the strongest cultivation technique of the Demon Blood Emperor!
Back then, when the Cloud Hall Hall Master entered the Path of Cultivators, he obtained a cultivation technique called the 《Blood Flame Demon Technique》. It was considered the second strongest cultivation technique of the Demon Blood Emperor. Today, it had become one of the strongest trump cards of the Cloud Hall Hall Master!
This jade-green jade slip was called the Soul Jade Slip. The words on it were engraved with one's own soul.
Luo Zheng could feel the jade slips turning into words in his mind. In fact, this Soul Jade Slip was extremely special. Even if Luo Zheng had a brush and paper, he wouldn't be able to write out the words in his mind word by word. This was because the Soul Jade Slip had a restriction on it. If Luo Zheng tried to force himself to write, there would be a phenomenon of 'forgetting the words'. He would either not be able to express the meaning of the cultivation technique, or he would write the wrong cultivation technique.
Unless Luo Zheng could fully comprehend the cultivation technique engraved in the Soul Jade Slip, only then would he be able to impart it to others.
This Soul Jade Slip could prevent others from prying into Luo Zheng's cultivation technique!
Therefore, even if someone set their eyes on Luo Zheng's cultivation technique, they would be a hundred times stronger than Luo Zheng. They would be able to force Luo Zheng to write it down. Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do so.
Luo Zheng, who possessed a Saint Grade cultivation technique, was very clear on the might of a Saint Grade cultivation technique. Luo Zheng hadn't fully comprehended the 《Demonic God Fist》, but Luo Zheng was clearer than anyone else on the terrifying aspects of the Heavenly Demon True Essence. It could swallow the True Essence of others for its own use, and the Heavenly Demon Phantom could shatter and reform … only a Saint Grade cultivation technique could produce such a perverse effect.
More importantly, Luo Zheng had entered the 《Slaughter Sword Mountain》. In the future, he would walk the path of the Slaughter Sword Dao, and the most important aspect of the Slaughter Sword Dao was infernal energy!
Now, Luo Zheng had stored several portions of infernal energy in the Slaughter Sword Mountain. In order to display the might of the infernal energy, he had to cultivate a cultivation technique related to infernal energy. In this way, the appearance of the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 would be of great help to Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng couldn't wait to sit down and cultivate the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》. However, this was the path of a Trial Challenger. It was naturally unrealistic to cultivate here.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a strange itch coming from his hands and feet. Only then did he notice that the wounds on his hands and feet were slowly healing.
"The speed at which the wounds are healing …" Luo Zheng was immediately astonished.
Just now, the puppet's four sharp claws had cut open the flesh on Luo Zheng's limbs, leaving behind bloody wounds. He never expected that in such a short period of time, the wounds would automatically heal. The blood on them also began to coagulate and form scabs.
This was the ability that came from the nine-headed snake's blood soul. Legend had it that even if a nine-headed snake was cut off, it could still regrow. Their most amazing talent was their ability to heal. The powerful power of blood allowed Luo Zheng's body to heal ten times faster. Naturally, the speed at which his body healed was much faster.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the wounds. After obtaining the silver treasure chest, Luo Zheng set his sights on the gold treasure chest …
However, this time, Luo Zheng was very cautious. He wanted to take the gold treasure chest and the black treasure chest. Every item inside would benefit him immensely.
The problem was that in order to obtain the silver treasure chest, he had nearly paid the price of his life. The difficulty of obtaining the gold and black treasure chests was obvious.
Should he take this treasure chest or not?