On the fourth level of the platform, two golden chests emitted a dark golden glow. It was a huge temptation to all martial artists.
However, no one had obtained the reward from the golden chests since the start of the Path of the Trialtakers.
Even the current Hall Master of the Cloud Hall had not obtained one!
The golden chests were very tempting to other martial artists, but to Luo Zheng, it was even more tempting!
This was because Luo Zheng had obtained the rewards from three chests. Each reward was bigger than the previous one, and each was rarer than the previous one! He understood the benefits of these chests better than the other martial artists.
The first level was a soul reward. The second level was a Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul that increased one's blood vitality. The third level was the Demon Blood Emperor's secret manual, a Saint Tier cultivation technique! Then what about the fourth level? The fifth level?
It was hard to imagine what the rewards would be!
However, Luo Zheng was not a reckless person. People who were too impulsive usually died very quickly.
In order to obtain the reward from the silver chests, Luo Zheng's life was on the line. With his own strength, if he wanted to obtain the reward from the golden chests, he was afraid …
Treasures, weapons, and cultivation techniques were important, but his own life was more important.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng's cultivation was still very low. According to Shi Jingtian, anyone below the third stage of the Divine Reflection Realm could enter the Path of the Trialtakers. If he became an elite of the Cloud Hall, he might have a chance to enter the Path of the Trialtakers again. After all, the Path of the Trialtakers was controlled by the Cloud Hall. As long as it was a rule set by someone, there was a chance to fight for it.
However, Luo Zheng chose to give up temporarily. This did not mean that he did not want to see what the test of the fourth level was.
He slowly climbed up the cliff, then jumped up and stood on the edge of the fourth level. The moment Luo Zheng stood on the edge of the stone platform, he saw two red lights appear in the cave. At the same time, Luo Zheng heard a low whimpering sound!
"Savage beast!"
A fear that made Luo Zheng's hair stand covered Luo Zheng's entire body. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt as though his heart was being held by an invisible force! He felt that he could not move!
What kind of savage beast was this? How could it possess such terrifying might?
Even when he was facing the Yao Clan in the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had not been so scared.
"Thump, thump!" Luo Zheng's heart kept beating.
"Run!"
Facing the ferocious beasts in the cave, Luo Zheng almost instinctively kicked off the stone platform.
The moment Luo Zheng left the stone platform, the Ominous Beast rushed out of the cave. However, the Ominous Beast was so fast that it looked like a black shadow. Only its pair of blood-red eyes were so eye-catching!
The beast's speed was extremely fast. Even though Luo Zheng chose to jump off the stone platform, the beast still arrived in front of Luo Zheng and fiercely swung its front claws at Luo Zheng.
"Pop …"
In the end, it was still a bit too late. The front claw only tore the clothes on Luo Zheng's chest.
After escaping, Luo Zheng fell down the cliff. While he was in the air, he adjusted his body and finally stood firmly on the ground.
The moment he stood firm, Luo Zheng planned to escape!
He still remembered that the group of Cloud Hall disciples were eyeing him covetously! The large formation they had set up was a great threat to him.
However, after standing firm, Luo Zheng felt that something was wrong.
"Aooo —"
A wolf's howl came from above Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng looked up and saw the savage beast standing on the edge of the stone platform, howling towards the sky.
At this moment, the many disciples of the Cloud Hall were so scared that their legs turned to jelly. They did not dare to move. Some of the more timid disciples of the Cloud Hall were so scared that their legs turned to jelly and they sat on the ground.
Even Zhao Xiaohua's face was deathly pale. She stared at the savage beast on the stone platform with a complicated expression.
This savage beast looked like a wolf, but its body was very large. Its entire body was pitch-black like a shadow. Luo Zheng did not know what it was, but Zhao Xiaohua had heard of it before.
"This is the Shadow Wolf King. I didn't expect … that the guardian of the golden treasure chest on the fourth floor would be such a savage beast. No wonder no one was able to take the golden treasure chest. It was never intended for anyone to take it," Zhao Xiaohua thought to herself.
The Shadow Wolf King was a legendary savage beast. It was a type of shadow creature. In essence, it could no longer be considered a living creature!
After the Shadow Wolf King howled towards the sky, it glared fiercely at Luo Zheng before slowly retreating back to its cave.
That gaze almost made Luo Zheng's heart stop beating. Fortunately, he did not take the risk to challenge the fourth floor. Luo Zheng patted his chest and exhaled. Coincidentally, his gaze met Zhao Xiaohua's.
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, Zhao Xiaohua did not only attack him with his great array.
A nearby Cloud Hall disciple reminded him, "Brother Hua! Aren't you going to deal with that kid? "
Zhao Xiaohua did not say anything, nor did he move. He just silently stared at Luo Zheng.
Seeing that Zhao Xiaohua was in a daze, Luo Zheng naturally did not waste any more time here. Although he did not know why Zhao Xiaohua was in a daze, it was good enough that he did not attack him. Thus, Luo Zheng quickly left.
After Luo Zheng disappeared into the forest, Zhao Xiaohua viciously slapped the Cloud Hall disciple who had just reminded him. "Deal with him? You want to kill me? "
The Cloud Hall disciple felt very wronged. He covered his head and said, "Brother Hua, didn't you say we were going to deal with him? Besides, if we activate the Twelve Earthly Branches Great Array, that kid will definitely be killed by us. "
"You're an idiot." Zhao Xiaohua rolled his eyes at the Cloud Hall disciple in disdain.
It was not that Zhao Xiaohua did not want to make a move, but that he did not dare to make a move.
After all, he was born in a third-rank family. Zhao Xiaohua was very clear about the situation. He knew that at this time, there were a bunch of sect masters and an elder watching outside!
If Zhao Xiaohua had killed Luo Zheng before, it would not have been a big problem. At most, he would have been troubled by a second-rank sect master. With the strength of the South Prince Zhao Family, he could handle this trouble.
However, it was different now. Luo Zheng had obtained the silver treasure chest! For so many years, only the Cloud Hall's Hall Master had obtained it. This meant that Luo Zheng's potential was as great as the Cloud Hall's Hall Master's, or even greater! This was because Luo Zheng's cultivation was even lower! When the Cloud Hall's Hall Master entered the Road of the Trial Takers, he had already stepped into the Divine Realm.
How could such a person not be valued by the higher-ups of the Cloud Hall?
Zhao Xiaohua could not afford to offend Elder Fei Han. Killing Luo Zheng? He could do it with the Twelve Earthly Branches Great Array, but how would he explain it to Fei Han? If Fei Han reported this matter to the Hall Master, how would he explain it to him?
This would probably become Zhao Xiaohua's biggest problem!
Zhao Xiaohua's guess was very accurate.
When Fei Han attacked Luo Zheng before, he still had a smile on his face. Although Luo Zheng's talent was not bad and his performance was very amazing, there were too many geniuses in the five second-rank sects and the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng's previous performance had made Fei Han look at him in a new light, but it was not enough for Fei Han to protect Luo Zheng.
But now it was different. After obtaining the third silver treasure chest, Luo Zheng's status in Fei Han's heart had rapidly risen!
When Luo Zheng fell, Fei Han's face darkened. He was worried that Zhao Xiaohua would use the Twelve Earthly Branches Great Array to deal with Luo Zheng. Unfortunately, he couldn't send a sound transmission, otherwise he would have warned Zhao Xiaohua not to act rashly. Otherwise, even the South King's Zhao Family wouldn't be able to protect him.
Luckily, Zhao Xiaohua was a smart person. He clearly understood the situation and knew who he could touch and who he couldn't.
So when he saw Luo Zheng safely leave, Fei Han's mood slowly improved …
Luo Zheng returned along the path he came from and entered the lush forest. As he walked, he took out his clothes from his spatial ring and changed. Just as he finished changing, Luo Zheng frowned and shouted, "Come out!"
A dark shadow fell from the sky and stepped on the ground. It was the cloaked youth.
He heard the cloaked youth say, "You're amazing. You actually obtained the third treasure chest. I didn't even dare to think about it! Can I go with you? "
Luo Zheng faintly looked at the cloaked youth and shook his head, "I won't go with someone who doesn't show his true face."
"Shua!"
The cloaked youth tore open his cloak, revealing a handsome face with a trace of evil aura. "My name is Red Maple."
"Luo Zheng!"
After the two introduced themselves, they continued to walk outside. They probably hadn't even reached the halfway point of the smelting trial. Luo Zheng was well aware of the importance of cooperation. It was a pity that Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao had already left. This Red Maple was also very strong, so they could travel together.
However, this Red Maple was very long-winded. In just a short time, he kept asking Luo Zheng questions. This made Luo Zheng very annoyed and even regretted agreeing to travel with him.
When Luo Zheng walked out of the forest and saw the constantly surging Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, he said, "The Burning Heaven Sea of Fire has begun to recede. Let's hurry up and catch up!"
(The tenth update was a little late. I didn't try so hard, but your monthly votes and rewards were so generous. I had to grit my teeth and do it. It's just an hour late, please forgive me.)
＝＝＝＝＝