The vast and boundless Burning Heaven Sea of Flames began to slowly recede, revealing one stone block after another. Not far away, the martial artists flew down from the high platform one by one and rapidly advanced on the stone blocks.
Luo Zheng and Red Maple quickly passed through the high platform, jumped onto the stone blocks, and followed behind these martial artists.
During this process, Luo Zheng intentionally increased his speed, wanting to shake off Red Maple. However, this guy's speed was faster than his. If Luo Zheng sped up, he sped up. If Luo Zheng slowed down, he also slowed down. Moreover, he kept chattering beside Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng, what exactly is inside the silver treasure chest on the third floor?" Red Maple asked.
Hearing this question, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes at Red Maple. This question was very idiotic. How could Luo Zheng possibly tell him?
After being rewarded with an eye roll by Luo Zheng, Red Maple didn't feel offended at all. He just smiled embarrassedly and changed the topic. "Luo Zheng, don't you feel that the difficulty of the hidden trial is too high?"
Too high?
Luo Zheng indeed felt this way.
Throughout the entire Trial Challenger's Path, besides the hidden trial, Luo Zheng hadn't encountered anything too difficult. Perhaps there were occasional deaths of elite disciples, but that was because his luck was too bad, or his strength wasn't enough.
However, the difficulty of the hidden trial was indeed abnormally high.
When Luo Zheng first saw the hidden trial, his goal was the black treasure chest on the highest floor!
In the end, Luo Zheng used all his strength and only obtained the silver treasure chest on the third floor. He also obtained the item inside the silver treasure chest.
As for the strength of the black wolf king on the fourth floor, it was simply beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Luo Zheng had no confidence at all, so he had no choice but to temporarily retreat.
Clearly, the difficulty of the hidden trial was too high. Even the elite disciples of large sects found it extremely difficult to obtain the red treasure chest on the first floor. For example, the Cloud Hall disciple was an example. The Cloud Hall disciple who was able to enter the Trial Challenger's Path was ranked among the peak of second-grade sects. However, he couldn't even obtain the chest on the first floor. It was simply not allowing anyone to take the chest on the first floor.
Because the chest was difficult to take away, the rewards inside the chest were exceptionally high. Even the Cloud Hall didn't have this kind of foundation.
Think about it, if the Trial Challenger's Path was set up by the Cloud Hall, would they place the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel as a reward? That was obviously impossible!
This kind of top-notch lost art wouldn't be easily taught to outsiders. Not to mention giving it to the disciples of the Cloud Palace, even people like Shi Jingtian wouldn't be able to obtain it.
The source of the secret might be the Demon Blood Emperor.
To be able to be called an "Emperor" level expert, this ancient ruin was probably once a sixth-grade sect.
For some reason unknown to Luo Zheng, this sixth-grade sect was eventually destroyed. The Demon Blood Emperor might have suffered heavy injuries, or he might have left this place due to other reasons. In short, the Demon Blood Emperor placed all the foundation of this sixth-grade sect into the Trial Challenger's Path. At the same time, he adjusted the difficulty of the Trial Challenger's Path.
This was the only way to explain why the hidden trial's difficulty was so high and why the rewards were so shocking!
According to this inference, the items inside the gold and black treasure chests were probably the top inheritances of this sixth-grade sect!
Of course, this was only Luo Zheng's inference. However, regardless of whether his inference was correct or not, Luo Zheng felt that he had to take away the gold and black treasure chests! As for how to take them away, he still needed to think about it at length.
"Hey! You still haven't answered my question! "The Red Maple saw that Luo Zheng was deep in thought and said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He was too lazy to talk nonsense with this guy and suddenly increased his speed. However, the Red Maple was like a sticky candy, sticking closely to Luo Zheng's side. There was no way to get rid of him.
At this time, the sea of fire in front of them suddenly shot out a ten feet tall magma pillar! After the magma pillar shot into the air, it scattered in all directions. Many of the magma splashed towards the stone block like a magma rain, pouring down in torrents.
"Everyone, be careful!"
The martial artists on the path all activated their protective True Yuan or defensive treasures to block this magma rain.
On the surface of Luo Zheng's body appeared a little bit of Sword Intent. All the magma that approached him was strangled and bounced away by the Sword Intent Cyclone.
The Red Maple took out his black cloak. His black cloak looked very ordinary, but in fact, it should be a special magic weapon. Not only could it completely shield his aura, but it also formed a special force field. All the magma that splashed onto his body automatically slid down along the force field around his cloak.
After the magma pillar disappeared, the magma rain also stopped. At this time, a huge monster floated up from the sea of fire. This monster was hundreds of feet long and its body was like a huge hill.
"The Bonfire Giant Whale! This is the Bonfire Giant Whale! "
"Don't panic. The Bonfire Giant Whale will not take the initiative to attack. It is very docile. As long as we don't provoke it, it will be fine. If we provoke it, none of us will be able to survive!"
Looking at the Bonfire Giant Whale, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of shock. He didn't expect that there would be such a huge monster in the Sea of Fire!
The Bonfire Giant Whale exposed its huge head and crawled above the Sea of Fire. On the surface, this giant whale looked very similar to the whales in the sea. Its back was blue, and its belly was white. However, on its blue back, there were many lines of fiery red lines.
It was best not to provoke such a huge monster. If this monster was accidentally angered, it only needed to flick its tail to raise a hundred feet high magma wave, which could instantly kill everyone.
Luo Zheng could rely on his body to withstand the burning of the magma. Previously, Luo Zheng thought that if worst came to worst, he could just swim through the Sea of Fire. Now that he thought about it, it was completely a pipe dream.
Even a creature like the Bonfire Giant Whale existed. In this Sea of Fire, there were probably countless powerful creatures. In the magma, how could Luo Zheng be their opponent?
At this time, everyone was very cautious. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly. Their speed also slowed down, for fear of disturbing the big monster not too far away.
Fortunately, the Bonfire Giant Whale didn't seem to be interested in these puny humans. It floated on the surface of the magma, took a deep breath, and then slowly dived down, disappearing into the Sea of Fire.
Seeing the Bonfire Giant Whale leave, all the martial artists let out a long sigh of relief. Then, they picked up their speed and dashed forward.
As everyone continued to move forward, the tide of the Sea of Fire began to fluctuate again. But because the journey had been smooth, when the tide arrived, everyone had already jumped onto the next high platform, avoiding the rising tide.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that there wouldn't be anyone on the next high platform. The third high platform was the same as the first high platform, a temporary resting place. The martial artists on it should have all left when the tide ebbed. After all, the end of the Sea of Fire was right in front of them. No one would choose to waste time here.
But to Luo Zheng's surprise, the third high platform was actually densely packed with people …
This high platform wasn't wide to begin with, but it seemed that the disciples of the five second-grade sects and the Cloud Hall were all stuck here.
"Hua Tianming?" Luo Zheng quickly found Hua Tianming in the crowd.
Seeing Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming revealed a wry smile. "We're stuck here."
"Stuck here? Can't we pass through the front? "Luo Zheng asked strangely.
Hua Tianming nodded. "The stone blocks in front have been destroyed."
"The stone blocks have been destroyed?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, a look of surprise on his face. Obviously, he hadn't expected this to happen.
The stone blocks in the Sea of Fire weren't particularly sturdy. One or two stone blocks had been damaged on the way here, but that distance wasn't much for martial artists. They could cross it with a single leap.
However, more than a hundred stone blocks in front of them had been destroyed. This wasn't something that could be crossed with a single leap, and flying was prohibited on the trial by fire path …
This was equivalent to all the martial artists participating in the trial being stuck here.
Everyone didn't know whether to laugh or cry when this happened. However, they couldn't turn back the way they came, right? Therefore, many martial artists returned to the high platform to discuss countermeasures.
After listening to Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng nodded and then asked, "Why isn't Pei Tianyao here?"
The high platform wasn't big, and Luo Zheng found that Pei Tianyao wasn't on it. Pei Tianyao had clearly walked in front of Luo Zheng. Now that he wasn't here, could it be that he had died?
With Pei Tianyao's strength, he shouldn't have died here.
Hua Tianming smiled bitterly. "Pei Tianyao took another path."
"Another path? There's another path? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Yes, Cloud Hall's Zhuo Bufan, Rosy Clouds Sect's Jin Qiaoning, two other people, and Pei Tianyao all chose this path. Only seven or eight stone blocks on that path were broken. It's not difficult to cross," Hua Tianming said.
"Why … Why didn't most of you go?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Because that path is called the Path of Death!" A Cloud Hall disciple suddenly interrupted and replied coldly.
Hua Tianming also nodded. "There is actually a fork in the road ahead. According to the Cloud Hall disciple, this fork is divided into two paths. One is the Path of Life, and the other is the Path of Death."
For the Cloud Hall, there were many unsolved mysteries on the trial by fire path.
Almost all the disciples would choose the "Path of Life" when they passed through this path.