Looking at the vast sea of fire, Luo Zheng fell into contemplation again. According to Luo Zheng's previous inference, the difficulty of the Trial Challenger's Road should have been increased.
That was why the previous hidden trial by fire was so difficult.
And this Road of Death should also be a hidden trial by fire, but the difficulty of the "Road of Death" was originally much higher than the "Road of Life". Now that the overall difficulty had been greatly increased, the "Road of Death" had become a complete dead end.
This Road of Death was not a dead end, but the difficulty of passing it had been greatly increased. Many disciples simply could not pass it.
Under such difficulty, there was naturally a great opportunity. Luo Zheng estimated that this Road of Death might even contain the real secret of the Trial Challenger's Road.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly said to Hua Tianming: "Brother Tianming, let's also walk the Road of Death!"
This high platform wasn't too large, and most of the martial artists who were attempting the Road of Trial were on it. Luo Zheng's words immediately attracted the attention of all the martial artists present. After sizing Luo Zheng up, disdainful smiles appeared on their faces.
Was this a joke?
Zhuo Bufan and Jin Qiaoning dared to walk the Road of Death because they were bold and had a chance of passing it. But this guy, who was only at Xiantian third stage, also wanted to join in the fun? Wasn't this courting death? Everyone thought so, but no one reminded or warned Luo Zheng.
After all, what did Luo Zheng's life have to do with them?
In fact, although more than a hundred stone blocks had been broken in the Road of Life, it was not that there was no way to cross it. Warriors had various abilities, and now that so many people had gathered here, they would eventually come up with a solution.
For example, the female disciple of Iridescent Clouds Sect used her ice attribute Secret Art to temporarily freeze the magma, forming a short road for people to pass through. If warriors with similar abilities cooperated well with each other, it was enough to let them jump onto the Road of Life. Therefore, these warriors were discussing this problem, how to cooperate, how to seize the opportunity, and how to do all these things had to be very precise and time-consuming.
Hua Tianming thought for a while, but before he had time to answer, Red Maple, who was not far away from him, suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng: "Good idea! I also want to walk the Road of Death! "
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He also knew that Red Maple would not be so easy to get rid of. If he forced himself to follow, Luo Zheng really could not do anything.
"In that case, I will also participate!" Hua Tianming also nodded.... Previously, Pei Tianyao had chosen to walk with Zhuo Bufan and Zhuo Bufan, but Hua Tianming had hesitated and decided to stay on the high platform...........................
Until the next time the Burning Sea of Fire receded, the warriors on the high platform were still carefully planning their plan to cross the Path of Life. Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Baili Hongfeng had already jumped off the high platform.
.....................................................
.. "" Do you mean that our Senior Zhuo is also going to die? " Hearing the word "again", the disciples of the Cloud Hall were a little unhappy. In the hearts of the disciples of the Cloud Hall, Zhuo Bufan was a god-like existence. There was no place in the world that Zhuo Bufan could not go.
When the last wave of fire subsided, Zhuo Bufan made this decision, which made all the disciples of the Cloud Hall excited!
So what if it was the Road of Death? The warriors who died in the Road of Death were all arrogant people. They were not strong enough, so they could only die. However, their Cloud Hall's Senior Zhuo was different. Even if it was the Road of Death, he could still break through it. This was called fighting to survive!
Therefore, when they heard the word "again", the disciples of the Cloud Hall naturally had something to say.
Seeing the aggressive attitude of the disciples of the Cloud Hall, the other warriors suddenly stopped talking. However, they were somewhat unconvinced. Zhuo Bufan was indeed very strong, but how many people who dared to challenge the Road of Death were weak? If they knew that they were not strong enough, they would have chosen the Road of Life. Was it fun to die?
However, these words could only be said in their hearts. The disciples of the Cloud Hall had always been very domineering. It would not be good to offend them.
Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Red Maple took advantage of the ebb of the tide and ran along the stone blocks. After a while, they saw a fork in the road.
Both paths were broken, as if they had been broken by some powerful beast. However, the path on the right had more broken stone blocks. There were hundreds of them. This was the Road of Life! According to the normal way of the Trial Takers, they would definitely take the Road of Life. However, the path on the left only had a few broken stone blocks. This path was the Road of Death!
"Jump over!"
Since he had chosen this path, Luo Zheng did not hesitate too much. He ran down and jumped up. With his sleeves fluttering, he had already reached the opposite side.
Hua Tianming was also a strong-willed person. It was just that he had been slightly hesitant before. Since he had agreed to travel with Luo Zheng, he naturally would not have any other thoughts. He also jumped over.
As for Red Maple …
"Ah ha!"
He was like an eagle spreading its wings in the air. He rolled in a circle and even shook his cloak to form a pair of wings. His feet stepped in the air, and he flew higher. His movements were more elegant, and at the same time, he let out an exaggerated strange cry.
Hua Tianming looked back and praised, "Good movement!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. "Another idiot …"
Red Maple's personality was somewhat similar to Li Yifeng's, but he seemed to be slightly more normal. Otherwise, with this guy's long-winded personality, Luo Zheng would have desperately tried to shake him off.
"Road of Death, let's go!"
The three of them formed a straight line and continued to advance on the stone blocks.
After running like this for a while, the lava in the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire began to move again.
"The tide has risen. Why haven't we reached the end yet?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Red Maple's face was full of depression. "No way. I know what this Road of Death is all about. This road is definitely a dead end. There's no end. This way, everyone will be drowned by the lava!"
"Don't say such discouraging words!" Luo Zheng curled his lips. The Road of Trial Takers was set up for the disciples of the Sixth Rank Sects. As for the Road of Death being a true "dead end", Luo Zheng did not believe it at all. The Blood Demon Emperor would not create such a boring dead end, because it was meaningless.
"Luo Zheng, in front!" At this time, Hua Tianming, who had been silent all this time, pointed to the front.
These stone blocks extended into the distance and abruptly stopped at a certain place. This was a dead end!
Seeing this dead end, Red Maple shook his head with a sad face. "Unfortunately, I was right …"
"Don't jinx it!" Luo Zheng's heart sank, but he still had no intention of retreating.
Now that the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire had begun to rise, it was definitely too late to retreat. Luo Zheng could only bet that the person who set up the Road of Trial Takers would not be so bored as to create a dead end to cheat others.
"What should I do? I don't want to die! "Red Maple grinned and howled as he ran.
"Wuwuwuwu, I still have a bright future. If I die in this Burning Heaven Sea of Fire, there won't even be a corpse left!"
"Mother, your son is unfilial. I can't give you …"
Just as Red Maple was running and howling, Hua Tianming jumped onto a stone block, turned around, and grabbed Red Maple's chest. His right hand pulled out the sword on Red Maple's back and placed it across Red Maple's neck.
"If you howl again, I'll kill you!"
Hua Tianming was a man of few words. At the same time, he was not as patient as Luo Zheng. What's more, in the face of a dead end and a slowly rising tide of lava, it was impossible to say that there was no pressure.
However, Red Maple had a problem. Normally, he was very long-winded, but in the face of pressure and tension, he liked to howl like this. This was actually a way to relieve the pressure in his heart.
Just like how some people liked to pull their hair when they were nervous, and some people would constantly eat when they were nervous.
The problem was that Red Maple vented his pressure by howling, but in reality, he was transferring the pressure to Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng!
"Don't! I won't howl anymore! Okay! "Red Maple begged for mercy.
Actually, with Red Maple's strength, under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for him to capture Red Maple so easily. However, Hua Tianming caught him off guard and easily captured him.
Hua Tianming naturally wouldn't kill him. He only coldly snorted, threw him on the stone block, and continued forward.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Red Maple, shook his head, and followed. Red Maple continued to cry, but this time, he didn't dare to make a sound.