Forty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
Twenty zhang …
The three of them stared intently at the stone blocks in front of them, hoping to find a way out of this hopeless situation.
In an unknown situation, the three of them were obviously nervous. If this was really an ordinary Broken Head Road, then they had no other choice but to die.
"Color, the color is different!" Luo Zheng was the first to notice the difference. He noticed that the stone blocks at the end of the Broken Head Road seemed to have rows of runes on them.
"Rush up!" Hua Tianming's eyes lit up. He gritted his teeth and rushed up. Although he didn't know what those runes represented, at least he saw a glimmer of hope because they had no way out.
The magma tide had already risen. It was only the height of one's foot from submerging the stone blocks …
There were a total of ten stone blocks at the end of the Broken Head Road. Each stone block had a circular rune on it. The moment Luo Zheng stepped on it, a rune lit up.
Luo Zheng passed by the ten stone blocks in an instant. Every stone block was lit up.
When Luo Zheng reached the end of Broken Head Road, a vortex suddenly appeared at the end of Broken Head Road!
The black and green whirlpool was very similar to the whirlpool under the arched door of the Trial Challengers' Road.
"There's a path!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up, and a smile appeared on his face. Clearly, he had made the right bet.
At the same time, Hua Tianming also followed. When he stepped on the last stone block, a whirlpool appeared in front of him.
Everyone had a whirlpool?
At this time, the third person rushed over. When Red Maple saw the whirlpool in front of him, he was like a person who had fallen into the water and grabbed onto a life-saving straw. His speed was faster than Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming. He even used a leap in the air that he was proud of and landed steadily on the last stone block.
"Huh?"
The third whirlpool didn't appear …
"What's going on?" Red Maple's face was deathly pale. The magma tide was rising higher and higher. Some of it had already reached the surface of the stone blocks. Why wasn't there a whirlpool belonging to him? "Whatever, I'm going in first!"
After Red Maple finished speaking, he dived into one of the whirlpools. However, just as he was halfway through, a strong repulsive force bounced him out.
"You didn't trigger this whirlpool, so you can't go in. Did you miss a stone block?" Luo Zheng asked in a deep voice. At this time, the magma was rising higher and higher.
"It, it seems to be …" Red Maple was extremely nervous. He was so excited when he saw the whirlpool that he didn't step on the fourth stone block. Instead, he stepped over it.
"Go over and stomp on him!" Luo Zheng ordered.
"But, but …" More than half of the fourth stone block had been submerged by the lava. As the lava surged, runes appeared and disappeared.
"Whether you die or not has nothing to do with us," Hua Tianming said coldly. "We should go in, Luo Zheng."
Seeing this, Red Maple gritted his teeth and flew up. He circled in the air for a while. His body technique was very strong, so he easily landed on the fourth stone block. He was like a big bird whose feet didn't touch the ground. After lighting up the runes on the stone block with the tip of his foot, he quickly retreated.
At this time, all the stone blocks had been submerged by the magma. Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had dived into the whirlpool. Red Maple had no place to land.
"I'll stomp!"
"I'll stomp!"
"I'll stomp!"
Fortunately, Red Maple had this strange body technique. If it were Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming here, they probably wouldn't be able to do what he did. He could borrow strength in the air and at the same time, use his cloak to maintain his altitude.
At this moment, he was like a constantly falling hen. He waved his wings in vain, but he still couldn't stop the momentum of his fall.
In the end, Red Maple rolled into the whirlpool in a parabola …
"Plop!"
The moment he passed through the whirlpool, Red Maple fell heavily to the ground. He then rolled over and hugged his right foot tightly, constantly groaning.
The magma had already spread to the top of the stone block. How high was the temperature of the magma? Even though Baili Hongfeng had only touched the ground with the tip of his foot, some of the lava still stuck to his foot in that instant.
Not everyone had a body as abnormal as Luo Zheng's! How painful was it to be burned by the magma?
"Pa …"
Hua Tianming threw a small bottle over. "An Ice Congealing Pill for treating burns!"
Red Maple showed a grateful expression and hurriedly swallowed the pill.
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming sized up their surroundings.
After all, they had chosen the Path of Death. The test just now couldn't be considered a test at all. As long as they had a firm will, they could grit their teeth and walk to the end. Since it was called the Path of Death, then the real test was behind.
After passing through the whirlpool, the three of them seemed to have entered an independent space. The light in this space was dim, and the sky was gray. Only a few glimmers of light seeped through, giving people a feeling of oppression, cramped, and darkness.
The dark forest in the distance was even more frightening. Only God knew what kind of mysterious and powerful existence was lurking there.
"Let's go!" Luo Zheng ordered. Hua Tianming followed closely behind. Red Maple hurriedly stood up and limped behind. Although martial artists had strong recovery abilities and Hua Tianming's Ice Congealing Pill to treat burns, it still took some time.
Now, Red Maple regretted not obtaining the second blue treasure chest. If he had chosen to risk his life to obtain the blue treasure chest at that time and absorbed the Nine-Headed Dragon's Blood Soul, this small injury would have been healed in an instant.
In the dark forest, it was impossible to discern the path ahead by relying on the glimmers of light. They could only rely on their intuition to move forward.
Red Maple also shut his chattering mouth. After all, he wasn't a fool. Otherwise, how could he possess such strength? If he dared to shout in this kind of place, he was afraid that he wouldn't die quickly enough.
After walking for a short while in this quiet and gloomy forest, everyone heard a slight sound of something breaking through the air and shooting towards them.
"Xiu!"
The sound was very soft, but it was still heard by Luo Zheng.
"Careful!" Red Maple warned.
Luo Zheng's reaction was also very fast. He stretched out his hand and pulled Hua Tianming back. Then, he saw a small black shadow pass by Hua Tianming's side and cut into Hua Tianming's arm.
The clothes on Hua Tianming's arm were torn, and a small wound appeared on his arm.
"What is that?" Hua Tianming vigilantly looked around with the Corrosive Blood Sword in his hand.
That small black shadow wasn't a dart or concealed weapon because they all saw the black shadow change direction after cutting Hua Tianming. It once again disappeared into the dark forest. It should be some kind of creature.
Red Maple sniffed and suddenly said, "I saw it. It's a very small bat! Its wings are very thin and sharp, like the wings of a knife. Hua Tianming was cut by this kind of Bladewing Bat. "
"How can you see it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Red Maple laughed and said, "I have an innate gift. As long as there's a trace of light, I can see everything clearly without any obstruction. Although it's dark here, to me, it's not much different from a normal environment!"
Innate night vision …
Luo Zheng discovered that Red Maple's eyes flickered with an azure light. These eyes were similar to a cat's eyes and could clearly see things in the surroundings under extremely low light.
"Everyone, be careful. There are many of these Bladewing Bats …"
As soon as Red Maple's voice fell, they heard "Xiu Xiu Xiu Xiu Xiu …" Countless sounds pierced through the air.
Small black shadows flew toward the three people under the cover of the night. These Bladewing Bats' wings were very sharp. As long as one was cut by their wings, a long and thin wound would appear.
But at this moment, rings of protective sword intent appeared around Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming at the same time. These sword intent cyclones tightly wrapped around them.
Every Bladewing Bat that collided with them was instantly cut to pieces by the perfect sword intent.
Although these Bladewing Bats were sharp and difficult to guard against in large numbers, they were incomparably fragile. Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming's protective sword intent just happened to restrain these Bladewing Bats. No matter how many came, they would all die.
"Hey …"
This time, it was Red Maple's turn to be depressed. He didn't have a valiant sword intent like Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming. In desperation, Red Maple could only wrap his cloak around his body and completely shield his aura in an instant.
These bats didn't have eyes. They used a special method to sense the presence of humans. Red Maple's divine artifact cloak could completely shield his aura.
The three people used their own methods and continued to move forward in the pitch-black forest. Although they had a way to deal with it, they didn't let down their guard. After all, this "Path of Death" was so famous that it couldn't only be this dangerous.
As they walked forward, another whirlpool appeared not far away.
"Another teleportation?" Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly.
"I don't know where we'll be teleported to …" Hua Tianming had a bad premonition. They seemed to be going deeper and deeper into a path of death.
Humans' greatest fear wasn't ghosts, but the unknown.
If people found ghosts and recognized their true colors, they wouldn't be so afraid.
Before entering the Trial Taker's Path, everyone knew that there would be a path leading to the end. Although this path was difficult, it was still a clear path.
Now that they had entered the "Path of Death", they didn't know where this path led.
Without a good choice, the three people once again passed through the whirlpool. As soon as they passed through, they heard a violent explosion, followed by raging flames rising into the sky.
"It's Hellfire!" Luo Zheng recognized at a glance that the flames were Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Hellfire.
Who was he fighting with? Who could force him to use this move? Once Pei Tianyao's Acalanatha was activated, it would take a few days before he could use it again. Unless it was a moment of life and death, he wouldn't use it! Obviously, Pei Tianyao was in a desperate situation.
"Who is Pei Tianyao fighting with?" Hua Tianming looked in that direction and asked.
"I don't know. Let's go there quickly!" Luo Zheng took the lead and rushed forward.
Although they were competitors in the Blue Cloud Sect, compared to the Cloud Hall, the three of them came from the same branch. They must help each other at critical times.
＝＝＝＝＝