The flames from hell instantly rose, illuminating half of the sky.
Luo Zheng and the other two continued to rush in the direction of the Hellfire. Along the way, the trees that blocked their way were directly cut into pieces. Even the trunks of some thousand-year-old ancient trees were instantly cut into pieces by Perfect Sword Intent.
The corners of Baili Hongfeng's mouth twitched when she saw Luo Zheng's way of moving forward. She thought, "These two guys are too abnormal. They both have perfect sword intent. Are they really from a second-grade sect?"
Although Red Maple was talkative, he was still quite confident in his strength. However, along the way, he felt that he had no advantage in front of Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming.
Fortunately, Red Maple also had his own pride. "If I use my full strength, maybe I can still fight with them..." He secretly thought.
After rushing out of the woods, the scene in front of them deeply shocked Luo Zheng and the other two.
Outside the woods, there was a huge pit with a radius of a hundred feet. These pits seemed to be caused by a fierce battle. In the center of the pit, the Hellfire of Green Lotus was burning. Pei Tianyao's whole body was shrouded in a golden light. He was actually fighting with a Vicious Beast!
The Vicious Beast had a pair of wings on its back. It stood upright on its feet, had a sharp horn on its head, and had a bear face. Its whole body was bathed in shining silver light.
Everyone knew the power of Pei Tianyao's Hellfire. Even Luo Zheng could only fight with Pei Tianyao in the Hellfire by relying on his special spiritual tool body. Moreover, Luo Zheng was not resisting the power of the Hellfire of Green Lotus. He was just immune to fire.
However, this Vicious Beast could resist the burning of Pei Tianyao's Hellfire and fight with Pei Tianyao in the Hellfire!
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
The Vicious Beast stepped forward and stretched out its strong arms to fight with Pei Tianyao, who was using the Invincible Vajra Body.
In just three moves, Pei Tianyao was swept out of the Hellfire and fell heavily to the ground, sinking three feet deep into the soil!
"What a terrifying power!" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank. This power was probably even more powerful than his dragon scales!
After repelling Pei Tianyao, the beast spread its wings and rushed towards Pei Tianyao. Obviously, it wanted to kill Pei Tianyao.
At this moment, a white figure rushed out from the edge of the crater. It was actually a Cloud Hall disciple! The Cloud Hall disciple held a 9.9 inch long spear in his hand. With a shake of his hand, the spear was like a poisonous dragon that drilled into the beast.
"Sun-Piercing Rainbow!"
The white spear released a sharp spear intent, as if it could pierce through everything in the world.
Even when Luo Zheng saw this spear, he also felt a sense of apprehension.
"This person … is so strong!"
After entering the Road of Trials, Luo Zheng discovered for the first time that there was such a powerful opponent in the Cloud Hall!
In the hidden trial's canyon, Luo Zheng encountered the Cloud Hall disciple who presided over the large array, Zhao Xiaohua of the Cloud Hall.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know that the disciple was Zhao Xiaohua, he could feel that he was strong. However, Luo Zheng guessed that his strength should be on par with the Red Maple. Maybe he was slightly stronger than the Red Maple.
Zhao Xiaohua's strength was not enough for Luo Zheng to give Luo Zheng so much pressure.
However, the person in front of him was different. His spear could make Luo Zheng feel a great threat. Luo Zheng estimated that his high-grade spirit tool body would be like paper in front of this spear. This person's strength was far beyond that of an ordinary Cloud Hall disciple!
"That spear intent should be perfect spear intent!" Hua Tianming evaluated.
Sabers had saber intent, swords had sword intent, and spears also had spear intent!
The concept attached to this kind of weapon was originally a process of fusion between a person and their weapon. In the process, they comprehended each other and used it freely.
"He is Zhuo Bufan of the Cloud Hall. It's normal for him to have this strength," the Red Maple said, curling his lips.
"Zhuo Bufan," Luo Zheng whispered this person's name. Pursuing the heart of martial arts and walking on the road of martial arts was originally a process of constantly moving forward.
If it was an opponent that he could surpass, then he would do so. If it was an opponent that he couldn't surpass, then he would lower his head and desperately chase after and follow.
Just like how Hua Tianming couldn't surpass Luo Zheng, he chose to chase after Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng achieved greater achievements in the future, then Hua Tianming's achievements wouldn't be small either. Although this was a helpless choice for Hua Tianming, it was also a smart choice.
This was because the world had never been fair. No matter how strong or perfect you were, there would always be someone walking in front of you, stronger and more perfect than you!
Regardless of whether he chose to surpass or follow, Luo Zheng had to challenge Zhuo Bufan!
Now was definitely not the time. Everyone was on the road of death. Facing all kinds of unknown creatures here, there was only one choice, and that was to work together to get through the difficulties.
"Puff!"
The fierce beast that even the Green Lotus Hellfire couldn't burn through was actually pierced by this spear! The fierce beast's arm was pierced through by the white spear.
A fierce look appeared on the fierce beast's face. Suddenly, it howled. The howl was so ear-piercing that it shook everyone's scalp and made their scalps tingle.
Then, the fierce beast pounced on Zhuo Bufan!
This fierce beast was ten feet tall. Not only was it huge, but its movements were also very agile. It waved the fleshy wings on its back and constantly pounced on Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan's expression was calm and his eyes were calm. His spear was constantly extending and retracting. Every time the fierce beast pounced on him, Zhuo Bufan's spear would point out once.
"Piercing Space Stab!"
"Reincarnation Stab!"
"Whirling Killing Stab!"
Every time he thrust out his spear, he would always be able to stab the fierce beast's palms. Under the continuous stabs of his spear, the fierce beast's palms were already bleeding.
"Bufan, come on!"
There were still a few people next to Zhuo Bufan, and the one who was talking was a woman.
Luo Zheng and the others hadn't seen a Cloud Hall disciple and a woman before. This woman must be from the Caiyun Sect.
"This is Jin Qiaoning from the Caiyun Sect. It is said that she is engaged to Zhuo Bufan. She should be his fiancée," Red Maple next to Luo Zheng said without missing the opportunity.
"This guy …" Luo Zheng shook his head and smiled slightly. This Red Maple was not only long-winded and liked to nag, but he was also very well-informed.
Jin Qiaoning was slender and had a charming face, like a fairy. She and Zhuo Bufan were a perfect match. They could really be called a golden couple.
"Let's go over. It seems that Zhuo Bufan should be able to deal with that fierce beast." After that, Luo Zheng and the others went over to meet up.
Jin Qiaoning and the others also noticed Luo Zheng, and their faces showed surprise. Obviously, they didn't expect that other than them, there would be someone else who dared to enter the Path of Death.
Originally, after observing the situation, Luo Zheng thought that Zhuo Bufan could deal with this fierce beast alone. However, before the three of them had even walked halfway, a sudden change occurred.
After attacking Zhuo Bufan for a long time, the fierce beast suddenly roared again and flapped its wings to retreat for a distance. The silver light on the fierce beast's body gradually dimmed, and then golden scales appeared, covering the fierce beast's body layer by layer.
"Be careful, after the Flying Yaksha's transformation, its strength will increase greatly!" A Cloud Hall disciple behind Jin Qiaoning suddenly shouted.
Jin Qiaoning turned her head and looked at the Cloud Hall disciple in surprise. Even Zhuo Bufan showed a strange expression when he heard this.
Luo Zheng and the others didn't know because they came later. They only thought that this Cloud Hall disciple was experienced and knowledgeable. However, only Zhuo Bufan was the most puzzled.
Zhuo Bufan's group entered the Path of Death together. There were a total of five people: Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, Pei Tianyao, and Zhou Cheng of the Mist Cloud Sect. In addition, there was also a Cloud Hall disciple.
This time, there were many disciples of Cloud Palace who had entered the Road of Trial Testers. It was several times more than the number of disciples of other sects. However, although there were many people, Zhuo Bufan could remember the names of almost every disciple of Cloud Palace with his superb memory.
However, he didn't know this Cloud Hall disciple.
This was a very strange thing. This disciple of the Cloud Palace should not have existed, but he had met him on the road of the Trial Testers.
What was even stranger was that after choosing the Path of Death, this Cloud Hall disciple seemed to know the Path of Death very well. When everyone saw that the Path of Death in the Sea of Flames was a dead end, this Cloud Hall disciple asked everyone to persevere to the end. There would be an exit when they reached the last step.
Sure enough, as the Cloud Hall disciple said, when everyone reached the last stone block of the Path of Death, a whirlpool appeared.
Even after entering the whirlpool, this Cloud Hall disciple was familiar with the Path of Death and helped them avoid many dangerous places. However, not long ago, the five of them accidentally broke into the nest of this Flying Yaksha and were chased by this Flying Yaksha all the way until now!
Moreover, they didn't know that this beast was called the Flying Yaksha before! This was also the name that the Cloud Hall disciple shouted.
Who was this Cloud Hall disciple? Why did he follow them into the Path of Death? What was he up to? These mysteries had been puzzling Zhuo Bufan.
Luo Zheng didn't know that Zhuo Bufan and Jin Qiaoning were thinking so much. But when he saw the Flying Yaksha in mid-air, his face became serious.
This Flying Yaksha had such strength before its transformation. After its transformation, its strength had increased greatly. Who could suppress it?
"Brother Tianming, let's go together!" Luo Zheng took out his Bloodthirsty Sword.
Hua Tianming also took out the Bloodthirsty Sword on his back and stared at the Golden Flying Yaksha in mid-air with knife-like eyes.
"You don't need to do anything. You'll get in the way!" Zhuo Bufan waved the long spear in his hand. Obviously, Zhuo Bufan didn't think that the appearance of Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Red Maple would help him. In his opinion, these three people followed the Path of Death to drag him down!
One of them was at the third stage of the Xiantian Realm, one was at the peak of the Xiantian Realm, and one was at the first stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. These three reckless guys dared to enter the Path of Death. They were all burdens.
In Zhuo Bufan's eyes, only Jin Qiaoning and Pei Tianyao were qualified to fight side by side with him. As for Zhou Cheng of the Mist Cloud Sect, if it weren't for his protection, he would have died hundreds of times.
Zhuo Bufan was very confident and arrogant. He had absolute strength and didn't mind protecting others!
If anyone wanted to intervene in Zhuo Bufan's battle and help him, they must first ask themselves if they had the strength and qualifications to do so.