Hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly.
Hua Tianming, on the other hand, was furious. "This guy is too arrogant!"
"Bufan said you're in the way, so you're in the way. If you want to live on the Path of Death, you have to listen to him!" Jin Qiaoning warned coldly when she heard Hua Tianming's words.
Hua Tianming pursed his lips and wanted to fight back, but was stopped by Luo Zheng. "Forget it, Brother Tianming. Since he has this confidence, we're happy to relax."
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were both Xiantian lifeforms. If they didn't fight, their strength was indeed ordinary. They were even inferior to the ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall.
However, it was often not a bad thing to be looked down upon, especially in a dangerous place like the "Road of Death". Since Zhuo Bufan was willing to take the lead and block the golden Flying Yaksha alone, they would be free. Wasn't that a good thing?
Red Maple didn't say anything. Although he was strong, he didn't have much courage. Otherwise, he wouldn't have given up the treasure chest on the second floor so easily.
"Let's go and see Pei Tianyao. He was just hit three times by the Flying Yaksha. Even if he has an indestructible body, I'm afraid it's enough for him to suffer." After saying that, Luo Zheng went around the edge of the big pit.
When Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming went over, Pei Tianyao had already climbed up from the pit. The golden light on his body was slowly fading. Although he didn't seem to be seriously injured, he looked very embarrassed. His body was covered with mud, and his aura was somewhat weak.
"Brother Tianyao, are you okay?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Luo Zheng! Hua Tianming! You're here too! " Seeing the two of them, Pei Tianyao's face suddenly showed a touch of joy. He was different from Zhuo Bufan. Pei Tianyao certainly knew the strength of Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was stronger than him, which was a fact that was confirmed in the arena. Even Hua Tianming was only slightly weaker than him.
The Path of Death was filled with killing intent. With the addition of these two people, it would definitely be a great help!
Pei Tianyao's injury was not serious, but the problem was that he used his Acala ability to deal with the flying yaksha. He was afraid that he would not be able to use it again for the next few days. Without this ability, Pei Tianyao's combat effectiveness would be greatly reduced.
While they were talking, Zhuo Bufan was already fighting with the Golden Flying Yaksha!
Although the Flying Yaksha was incomparably powerful, and the body of a fierce beast of this level was so strong that it made one's hair stand on end, Zhuo Bufan's spear was also extraordinarily sharp!
As the saying goes, "Horizontal Saber and Vertical Sword Thrusting Spear", the saber was generally used for slashing, so the saber's momentum was extremely domineering. The sword, on the other hand, had the ability to slash and stab. However, the spear's attacking method was relatively simple, focusing on piercing.
It was precisely because he was more focused that the piercing force of the spear was the strongest.
Zhuo Bufan, who had fused with the perfect spear intent, thrust out his spear. It was as if he could directly penetrate the space. Anything in this space, no matter what it was, had only one end, and that was to be pierced by his spear.
However, after the Flying Yaksha transformed, the layer of golden scales covering his body was extremely strong!
Previously, Zhuo Bufan was still able to break through the Flying Yaksha's defense, but now, when the tip of Zhuo Bufan's white spear touched the Flying Yaksha's body, it was blocked by its golden scales. It could only leave a small mark on the surface of the golden scales.
"Ow!"
This time, the Flying Yaksha, relying on its strong body, had no scruples and continued to pounce on Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan kept retreating, relying on his dexterous body movement to avoid the Flying Yaksha's attacks.
"You really don't need … help?" Hua Tianming saw that Zhuo Bufan was retreating step by step, and there was a trace of worry on his face. Although Zhuo Bufan was annoying, he was indeed powerful. If everyone wanted to get out of the "Road of Death", they had to work together. They couldn't just watch him be killed by the Flying Yaksha.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "His fiancée, Jin Qiaoning, didn't make a move. It means that Zhuo Bufan still has his strength. Otherwise, Jin Qiaoning would have been anxious by now."
Not far away, Jin Qiaoning just stood there with her hands behind her back, watching Zhuo Bufan. She seemed to be very confident in Zhuo Bufan.
Luo Zheng's guess was right. Jin Qiaoning did believe that Zhuo Bufan could defeat the Flying Yaksha. She absolutely believed in Zhuo Bufan's strength.
After Zhuo Bufan was forced to retreat more than thirty meters by the Flying Yaksha, he was a little embarrassed, but his handsome face still maintained a calm smile.
If he retreated further, he would be in a blind spot, which was a huge rock more than twenty meters high. Zhuo Bufan sneered and took the initiative to retreat to the huge rock. He kicked on the huge rock, and the power of this kick left a deep dent in the huge rock.
With the help of this kick, Zhuo Bufan's body kept a straight line with the long spear and began to rotate.
As Zhuo Bufan rotated, a vortex appeared on the tip of his white spear. This vortex continuously absorbed the Spear Intent, forming a highly condensed Spear Aura!
This Spear Aura was not condensed by Genuine Essence, but by Perfected Spear Intent. Its power could be imagined!
"It turns out that the Spear Intent can be used in this way …" Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming looked at each other and suddenly felt enlightened.
Although Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had comprehended Perfected Sword Intent, they had never tried to condense the Sword Intent to a high degree. In the end, Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming were still limited by the conditions.
For so many years in the Blue Cloud Sect, only Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had comprehended Perfected Sword Intent. Who could guide them?
Zhuo Bufan was different. The Central Domain was so big, and there were many famous teachers in the Cloud Hall. This kind of skill was difficult to think of, but once one comprehended Perfected Spear Intent, he could learn it with a little guidance and practice.
Therefore, the disciples of the Cloud Hall had a great advantage in this regard.
"Spinning Spear Demon God Twist!"
The moment Zhuo Bufan rotated, his whole body merged with the long spear, as if he had become a part of the white spear.
The Flying Yaksha also felt the power of this spear, but Zhuo Bufan's attack was too sudden. At this time, it could only cross its arms and block its chest, still trying to resist this spear with its body.
"Sizzle …"
The Perfected Spear Intent in front of the tip of the white spear kept rotating, and the golden scales on the Flying Yaksha's arms were crushed at a visible speed. Then, Zhuo Bufan pushed the white spear all the way forward.
The white spear pierced through the Flying Yaksha's arms and strung them together. Its momentum was not reduced. It continued to move forward and pierced through the Flying Yaksha's chest. It went in from the front and came out from the back!
Such a powerful flying yaksha was skewered by Zhuo Bufan like a prawn!
"Ow, ow, ow, ow!"
The Flying Yaksha kept howling. Its vitality was very strong. Even if its internal organs were crushed, it would not die so easily. However, its hands were nailed together by the spear, so it could not attack at this moment. Just as it was about to pull its body out of the white spear, Zhuo Bufan raised the spear shaft and lifted the Flying Yaksha into the air.
Zhuo Bufan stabbed the spear shaft into the ground. The Flying Yaksha, nailed to the tip of the spear, was like a flag. It kept struggling, and the wings on its back kept flapping, but it was in vain. After a while, the Flying Yaksha's struggle became weaker and weaker, and it gradually lost its strength. Its head drooped, and it died on the tip of Zhuo Bufan's spear …
"Bufan! You did it! " Jin Qiaoning walked over quickly. Obviously, she felt that Zhuo Bufan could kill the Flying Yaksha.
Zhou Cheng, who was next to her, also followed Jin Qiaoning and congratulated him repeatedly. "Brother Bufan's attack is really sharp. Such a fierce beast died under your spear! I'm truly in awe of such methods! "
The disciple of the Cloud Hall, who had just reminded Zhuo Bufan, frowned and said coldly, "This Flying Yaksha is not a particularly powerful fierce beast in the Path of Death. It's nothing to kill it. The real test is yet to come."
Hearing this, Jin Qiaoning was unhappy. She said coldly, "Brother Bufan risked his life to kill this Flying Yaksha, which is equivalent to saving your life. It's fine if you don't thank him, but what do you mean by saying such words?"
The disciple of the Cloud Hall was silent for a while before he said, "I'm telling the truth."
At this time, Luo Zheng and the others also came over. Pei Tianyao introduced them, "Brother Bufan, these are the disciples of our Blue Cloud Sect. We have their help in the Path of Death …"
Without waiting for Pei Tianyao to finish, Zhuo Bufan nodded and said, "I see. Follow me and don't move. I will protect them!"
Hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Pei Tianyao frowned slightly. Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng, and the others' expressions were not very good. Although this guy was not a bad person and his strength was strong, he was too proud. It was annoying.
Hua Tianming was about to speak again, but Luo Zheng smiled and stopped Hua Tianming again. The Path of Death was full of dangers. Luo Zheng wanted to see how long Zhuo Bufan could hold on. Luo Zheng and the others would always have a chance to prove their strength.
Zhuo Bufan didn't pay attention to Hua Tianming and the others' expressions. He shook his spear and threw the Yaksha's corpse to the ground. Then, he thrust his spear at the Yaksha's chest. After the Yaksha's chest was cut open, a Yao Core fell out of it.
The Monster Core of this Fierce Beast was very valuable, so Zhuo Bufan naturally had to keep it. After dealing with the body of the Flying Yaksha, Zhuo Bufan continued to set off, followed by Jin Qiaoning and Zhou Cheng.
According to Hua Tianming's arrogance, he originally wanted to part ways with Zhuo Bufan. Zhuo Bufan was not the only one who could break through the Path of Death. However, since Luo Zheng said to endure it, he could only follow and see the situation first.
As for the Red Maple, they did not have a strong purpose and did not have many ideas.
After everyone set off, the disciple of the Cloud Hall, who was standing in place, suddenly raised his head and smiled strangely in a certain direction. He stretched out his finger and shook his head. Then, he reached out and squeezed in the air as if he had crushed something. He clapped his hands and followed.
Because of this disciple of the Cloud Hall, the image on the letter tablet in front of the entrance of the Trial Takers suddenly disappeared!