Because there was only one Xin Gui outside the Trial Taker's Road, the image of the Xin Gui was constantly switching between different people.
Among them, the image of the Xin Gui was fixed on two people for the longest time. One was Luo Zheng, and the other was Zhuo Bufan.
But not long ago, after Zhuo Bufan and the others entered the Road of Death, the Xin Gui was unable to track them. For this reason, Granny Long, the Sect Master of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, was very nervous.
As the Sect Master of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, how could she not know how dangerous the "Road of Death" was? For so many years, none of the warriors who entered had come out alive.
"This Zhuo Bufan! He wants to bring Qiao Ning into the fire pit! "Granny Long kept shouting.
If the Xin Gui could see their image, Granny Long's mood would be better. But now that the Xin Gui could not track them and could not even see the image, Granny Long was inevitably worried about Jin Qiaoning's safety.
But then, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Red Maple also entered the Road of Death. This time, the Xin Gui did not lose their image!
So through Luo Zheng and the others, Fei Han and the other Sect Masters naturally saw the whereabouts of Luo Zheng and the others.
When Luo Zheng met Zhuo Bufan and the others, Granny Long's hanging heart finally settled down. Zhuo Bufan and Jin Qiaoning were safe and sound.
After seeing Zhuo Bufan display his power and kill the Flying Yaksha, Granny Long's mood suddenly improved and she began to endlessly praise Zhuo Bufan's strength.
However, at the last moment, the disciple of the Cloud Hall suddenly looked at the image of the Xin Gui and revealed a strange smile. This scene stunned the Sect Masters and Fei Han.
How could this disciple of the Cloud Hall discover where the Xin Gui was looking?
After the disciple of the Cloud Hall gently squeezed his hand, the image on the Xin Gui disappeared. This guy could actually destroy the image of the Xin Gui?
How on earth did he do it?
The several Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han looked at each other in dismay, their faces filled with endless doubts.
"I've never seen this Cloud Hall disciple before!" Fei Han's expression changed.
This time, the Path of the Trialists was led by Fei Han. He had called out all the Cloud Hall disciples who were participating in the Path of the Trialists. With his memory, it was easy for him to remember everything he saw. However, Fei Han did not recognize this disciple!
"How could this be? Who was he? Are they disciples of other sects? "Granny Long asked with concern.
"Impossible! Someone who has just entered the Divine Reflection Realm can't fool me!" Fei Han shook his head, clearly disagreeing with this point of view. There was a rigid condition for entering the Path of Trials: one's strength could not exceed the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm. If one exceeded this level, they would be rejected by the shattered world.
"If he is a disciple of the Cloud Hall, why don't you recognize him, Elder Fei Han? Isn't this too strange?" Shi Jingtian also realized that this matter was very strange.
The Blue Cloud Sect, the Drifting Cloud Sect, and the other Sect Masters had brought a limited number of disciples. The most they had brought was nine people, and the least, the Blue Cloud Sect, had only brought three people. People from other sects were unable to sneak into the Teleportation Array, especially in front of the Sect Masters.
It was even more impossible to sneak into the Cloud Hall disciples. The Teleportation Array of the Cloud Hall was located at the Cloud Hall's headquarters. If anyone below the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm was allowed to sneak into the Teleportation Array, they would be looking down on the Cloud Hall too much.
The only possibility was that this disciple was from the Cloud Hall. Could it be that an ordinary disciple of the Cloud Hall who did not have the qualifications to enter the Path of the Trialists secretly followed the Teleportation Array and sneaked into the Path of the Trialists?
This was the only explanation that would work.
The problem was that this Cloud Hall disciple actually had such a method. With a casual pinch, he was able to cut off the tracking image of the letter tablet. It seemed that the reason why Fei Han was unable to track down Zhuo Bufan was also because of this Cloud Hall disciple's trick.
Even Fei Han and Shi Jingtian would not be able to do this, right?
Moreover …
What was his purpose in cutting off the image of the letter tablet?
Fei Han gritted his teeth. After thinking about it for a long time, he still could not think of an answer to this question. He could only switch the image of the letter tablet to the other disciples. Now, most of the disciples were still discussing how to get through the broken 'Path of Life'.
"Elder Fei Han, don't you want to think of a way?" Granny Long said unyieldingly. "That Cloud Hall disciple is obviously up to no good. How can we just sit back and do nothing? Zhuo Bufan is the son of Mister Zhuo. Elder Fei Han, if something happens to Zhuo Bufan in the Trial Taker's Path, I'll see how you explain it to him! "
Although Granny Long was worried about Zhuo Bufan's life and death, she was most concerned about her disciple Jin Qiaoning. However, she could not use Jin Qiaoning to pressure Fei Han, so she could only bring up Zhuo Bufan.
After being questioned by Granny Long like this, Fei Han was also angry. After all, he was just an elder leading the team. What did this kind of thing have to do with him? Fei Han sneered and said, "Explain? What do you want me to explain to Mister Zhuo? Tell him that his son is incapable and can't pass the Trial Taker's Path? "
"You …" Granny Long was choked by Elder Fei Han's words. After all, her identity could not be compared with Fei Han. Fei Han's strength and status may be slightly weaker than Mister Zhuo, but the difference was not much, not to mention that she was indeed a bit unreasonable. She just hoped that Fei Han could come up with a solution.
But the Trial Taker's Path only required disciples below the Xiantian third stage to pass. This group of elders could do nothing but watch from the outside. Moreover, Xin Gui could no longer track Zhuo Bufan and the others. Now, they couldn't even watch from the outside.
Zhuo Bufan and the others naturally didn't know that a group of elders were arguing about them outside.
Under the leadership of Zhuo Bufan, the eight people were carefully moving forward. In the process of moving forward, Pei Tianyao told Luo Zheng what had happened before.
It turned out that this Road of Death was connected by vortexes, and each vortex was a micro world. Sometimes, they would encounter two or even three vortexes, and each vortex had a different route. This Road of Death was a complicated maze.
Just now, they had inadvertently broken into the nest of the flying yaksha and were chased by it. Originally, there were three flying yakshas, but two of them were relatively small and were killed by Pei Tianyao. The remaining one was too powerful, and if they fought with it head-on, they were afraid that it would attract other unknown fierce beasts in this micro world. So, they could only keep retreating and lead the flying yaksha to a safe place. Finally, Zhuo Bufan killed it.
"Just now, the disciple of the Cloud Hall said that the flying yaksha was not the most powerful demon beast in this Road of Death. I'm afraid it will be a bit troublesome." Pei Tianyao shook his head. This Road of Death was more difficult than they had imagined.
The problem was that they were constantly shuttling back and forth from one small world to another. They didn't know when they would reach the end. It was very likely that they would accidentally enter the lair of a powerful ferocious beast and end up completely wiped out.
"Who is that disciple of the Cloud Hall? Why does he seem to be very familiar with this Road of Death? "Luo Zheng asked.
Pei Tianyao still shook his head. "I don't know. Zhuo Bufan has asked him several times, but the disciple of the Cloud Hall refused to say anything."
While talking, Luo Zheng glanced at the disciple of the Cloud Hall. The disciple of the Cloud Hall was not tall and had an ordinary appearance. For some reason, Luo Zheng felt a little awkward when he walked, but Luo Zheng couldn't tell why.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the disciple of the Cloud Hall felt Luo Zheng's gaze and turned back to look at Luo Zheng. The disciple of the Cloud Hall looked very calm and deep.
"What a keen perception!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. The light in this micro world was dim, and the disciple of the Cloud Hall could detect him with a casual glance. Even Luo Zheng, who had a strong Soul Power, couldn't sense him.
At this moment, Jin Qiaoning, who was in front of them, said softly, "It's the transmission door again. Our route this time is different from the last time!"
"I don't know what's behind this transmission door." Zhou Dan of the Mist Cloud Sect showed a look of fear.
Being chased by the flying Yakshas, Zhou Cheng had almost died several times. Fortunately, Pei Tianyao and Zhuo Bufan had saved him, so he had survived. This Road of Death was still too dangerous for him.
However, this didn't mean that Zhou Cheng hadn't gained anything. The reason why he had provoked the three flying Yakshas just now was that he had found a "Cold Yin Grass". This kind of extremely cold herb was very precious in the Central Domain! A Cold Yin Grass could be sold for five top-grade Zhenyuan Stones!
If converted to the square crystals in the Eastern Domain, it would be five million square crystals. For Zhou Cheng, it was definitely a huge fortune.
It was precisely because he had collected the Cold Yin Grass that he had alarmed the flying Yakshas. However, not only did he survive, but Zhuo Bufan and the others also didn't know that he had picked the Cold Yin Grass. For Zhou Cheng, it was definitely a profit. It was equivalent to someone like Zhuo Bufan working for him for free! Therefore, Zhou Cheng still had a little pride in his heart!
"Let's go in. We have no way out." Zhuo Bufan nodded and took the lead to step into the vortex.
After Zhuo Bufan entered, the others also entered in a line.
"It's so cold …"
After Luo Zheng walked out of the vortex, he felt gusts of cold wind blowing against his face.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
These small worlds were not big, so it was difficult to generate wind. However, gusts of cold wind were blowing in this micro world.
Red Maple, who had just walked out of the vortex, trembled and said with a bitter face, "I think we'd better choose another way. This place is too scary!"
"No one will stop you if you want to go," Zhuo Bufan said lightly.
Red Maple suddenly stopped. Naturally, he did not dare to walk alone. The chance of him walking out of this Path of Death was too slim.
"There are gusts of cold wind here. I think there might be some evil things here," Pei Tianyao said with a serious face.
"If it's a blessing, it's not a curse. If it's a curse, we can't avoid it. Let's continue." Zhuo Bufan took a step forward.
From a certain point of view, Zhuo Bufan was indeed very leader. In fact, he also felt afraid in this environment. However, Zhuo Bufan knew that he could not show the slightest fear. Otherwise, it would be a blow to these people who followed him.
Just as everyone was moving forward, Zhou Cheng's eyes glanced around. Suddenly, a little light flashed in his eyes.
Not far from him, there was a black grass fluttering in the wind.
The grass bloomed with a dim light, but because it was black all over, it was difficult to find it hidden in the corner.
Because Zhou Cheng had the sweet taste of the "Cold Yin Grass" from before, he paid special attention to it. He didn't expect to find another precious herb.
Although Zhou Cheng did not know what this herb was, things on the Path of Death were very precious. This herb could definitely be sold for a good price.
While the others were not paying attention, Zhou Cheng tiptoed over. He was full of joy. He was so lucky! Zhuo Bufan had worked so hard for such a long time, and he only got a Demon Core of a Flying Yaksha. But he had quietly collected two exotic herbs! If he could walk out of the Path of Death, he would be the biggest winner!
Just as Zhou Cheng reached out his hand towards the black stalk of grass, a sudden change occurred!
＝＝＝＝＝