"Be careful!"
Luo Zheng was the first to notice something strange.
He felt that something was wrong behind him. When he turned around, he saw Zhou Cheng squatting down to pick a herb. However, behind Zhou Cheng, there was a black thing that turned into a large hand and wrapped around Zhou Cheng.
Luo Zheng shouted, and everyone suddenly turned around. When Zhou Cheng turned his head, he was scared out of his wits.
Zhou Cheng jumped up almost immediately, but it was obviously too late. The big hand squeezed down and wrapped him in it.
Everyone saw the black mass wrap around Zhou Cheng, and Zhou Cheng kept struggling. It was like a person covered in black cloth. No matter how Zhou Cheng struggled, he couldn't get rid of the black mass.
After struggling for a few breaths, Zhou Cheng's struggle became weaker and weaker. The black thing that was wrapped around Zhou Cheng slowly shrank. Then, white bones fell out of the black thing one by one.
"Zhou, Zhou Cheng was eaten by that thing. Only bones are left?" Red Maple's teeth chattered, and his eyes were filled with extreme fear.
He didn't know what this black mass was, but it instantly swallowed up Zhou Cheng's flesh and blood, leaving only bones …
"That's the Black Devil Nightmare! Everyone … watch your feet! "The disciple of the Cloud Hall suddenly shouted.
At this time, no one cared what this thing was called. Should it be called the Black Devil Nightmare or the White Devil Nightmare? Their own lives were more important. Hearing the shout of the disciple of the Cloud Hall, everyone found that there seemed to be a lot of the black mass quietly flowing under their feet. They were approaching!
"Everyone, run!" Zhuo Bufan's expression was unprecedentedly solemn.
This formless Black Devil Nightmare was much more terrifying than the Flying Yaksha. Although the Flying Yaksha was a Vicious Beast, Vicious Beasts could be killed. But what was this Black Devil Nightmare? It was a mass of sticky substance. He didn't even know if this thing was alive or dead. How could his spear fight against it?
"Ah!" Jin Qiaoning let out a scream, but one of her legs was grabbed by a section of the Black Devil Nightmare.
Zhuo Bufan clenched his teeth and pulled out his white spear from his spatial ring. With a shake of the spear, he pierced through the Black Demon Nightmare that was stuck to Jin Qiaoning. Then, he grabbed Jin Qiaoning and rushed forward.
The ground was filled with this black substance, and there was no place to stand. If he paused for even a moment, he would be caught by the Black Devil Nightmare.
The Black Devil Nightmares were almost everywhere in this small world. However, they only chased after living creatures because the life force they emitted was fatally attractive to them.
When the eight of them entered this small world, the Black Nightmare Devils had already smelled their vitality. However, the Black Nightmare Devils were relatively slow. They didn't have a fixed body and were like sticky liquid that flowed and wriggled on the ground.
"Brother Bufan! I'm scared! I don't want to be eaten into a pile of bones! " Jin Qiaoning was dragged along by Zhuo Bufan. As the strongest female disciple of the Iridescent Clouds Sect, Jin Qiaoning's strength was not weak, but women were not as courageous as men. Seeing Zhou Cheng being swallowed by the Black Devil Nightmare in an instant and turned into a pile of bones, she was already in a half-collapsed state.
"Don't be afraid, I'll protect you!" Zhuo Bufan said calmly, but he didn't have much confidence in his heart. Although his spear technique was powerful, it didn't seem to have much effect on the Black Devil Nightmares. These things were like water. If you poked it with your spear, it would at most leave a big hole, and then it would slowly recover.
At this moment, the one running the fastest was not Zhuo Bufan, Luo Zheng, or Hua Tianming, but Red Maple!
His movement technique was fast to begin with, and he was also the most timid. At this moment, he was scared out of his wits and naturally ran. Although flying was forbidden on the path of the Trial Challengers, he relied on his strange movement technique to stay in the air as long as possible. After jumping four or five feet, he landed on the ground and then jumped high again.
With this kind of sprint, he naturally rushed to the front. However, not long after, Red Maple's body suddenly stiffened and then stopped. He looked forward with his mouth wide open, unable to say a word.
In front of Red Maple, groups of Black Devil Nightmares were surrounding them. Each group of Black Devil Nightmares was three feet tall, like moving hills …
Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, Luo Zheng, and the others immediately rushed up. When they saw the mountain-like Black Devil Nightmares, their expressions sank. They were surrounded by these Black Devil Nightmares.
"These things are everywhere. What should we do?" Hua Tianming pulled out his sword and bit the tip of his tongue at the same time. He used the pain to drive away the fear in his heart.
Luo Zheng pulled out his Flowing Light Sword and sucked in a breath of cold air. "There's no other way. Let's kill our way out!"
As soon as his voice fell, Zhuo Bufan had already made his move. Moreover, his move was almost his strongest killing move. At this moment, a blood-red pattern appeared on the body of his white spear. If one looked carefully, they would find that the pattern was a dragon's body.
Zhuo Bufan was accumulating power and thrusting his spear toward the mountain-like Black Devil Nightmares in front of him.
A spear as thick as a wrist suddenly formed and shot forward in a spiral shape. Its power was incomparably astonishing! This spear could even pierce through a small mountain.
"Boom …"
This spear instantly pierced through the Black Devil Nightmares, forming a bowl-sized hole in their bodies. It even penetrated five or six Black Devil Nightmares. With the defensive power of the Black Devil Nightmares, it was impossible for them to block Zhuo Bufan's spear.
However, the Black Devil Nightmares were not ferocious beasts or creatures of other races. They were originally a special life form, and could even be said to be a kind of energy body. Although Zhuo Bufan's spear was extremely sharp, it only took a few breaths of time for the big hole to slowly disappear, as if it had never appeared.
"Ineffective, physical attacks are ineffective …" Zhuo Bufan's expression suddenly dimmed.
Zhuo Bufan was a proud and arrogant person. His natural talent and strength were at the top amongst the younger generation in the entire central territory! In the Cloud Hall, none of the disciples of the same generation as him were his match! Even Zhao Xiaohua, who was known as the hope of the new generation of the Zhao family, was not worth mentioning in front of him!
Even if he encountered great hardships, there was still a faint smile on his face. He always had an expression of victory, as if the difficulties were not worth mentioning in front of him!
However, in the face of these squirming Black Devil Nightmares, he suddenly felt a sense of powerlessness …
Thinking that he and Jin Qiaoning would die in such a place and become a pile of bones, he suddenly felt a chill run down his spine.
Why did he bring Jin Qiaoning to such a place? He was still too confident, confident that he could challenge the path of death! Excessive confidence was arrogance, and arrogance was equal to stupidity.
"It seems that I still died because of my stupidity. It's a pity that I've harmed Qiaoning …" Zhuo Bufan tightly grasped Jin Qiaoning's hand. He also knew that it was useless to regret now.
Seeing the expression of despair on Zhuo Bufan's face, everyone's expression also dimmed. As the Black Devil Nightmares slowly surrounded them from all directions, everyone slowly retreated and formed a circle with their backs against each other.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said softly, "Don't give up."
Luo Zheng's words did not have much effect, because Zhuo Bufan was the temporary leader of this group. Now that even Zhuo Bufan had given up, how big of a blow would it be to everyone?
Only the disciple of the Cloud Hall blinked his eyes. There was no fear in his deep eyes, but he just stood with everyone and did not make a move.
"Hua Tianming, you have comprehended the Extreme Thunder Sword Essence. These Black Devil Nightmares are evil creatures. All evil creatures are naturally afraid of thunder-attribute cultivation methods …" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Hua Tianming's eyes lit up. He had just been affected by Zhuo Bufan, so he had lost his fighting spirit. However, when Hua Tianming heard this, a glimmer of hope suddenly surged in his heart.
In fact, Pei Tianyao's Green Lotus Hellfire was probably also effective on these Black Devil Nightmares. Unfortunately, Pei Tianyao had used the Acalanatha Phantom once, so he could not summon the Green Lotus Hellfire now.
Seeing Hua Tianming draw his sword, Zhuo Bufan's eyes, which had lost their luster, glanced at him indifferently and shook his head. Hua Tianming was just a Xiantian lifeform. Even if he practiced thunder-attribute cultivation methods, how effective could they be?
However, the next scene stunned Zhuo Bufan!
Hua Tianming raised his sword to the sky, and then an endless momentum rushed toward his Corrosive Blood Sword. At the same time, bolts of Heavenly Thunder were drawn into it.
"This is … the Perfect Sword Essence!"
A Xiantian lifeform knew how to use the Perfect Sword Essence? Zhuo Bufan had only cultivated the Perfect Spear Essence after entering the Divine Reflection Realm. He did not expect that this boy, who had been at the peak of the Xiantian realm, would have the Perfect Sword Essence!
Moreover, the thunderbolts he drew were not formed by Vital Essence, but by Heavenly Thunder! This was completely different from the thunderbolts condensed by Vital Essence. The power of the two could not be compared at all! Zhuo Bufan was stunned!
"Crack!"
"Extreme Thunder Sword Essence! Heavenly Sword! Four swords in one! "
Hua Tianming knew that the Black Demon Nightmare was not afraid of physical attacks at all. The only thing that was effective against the Black Demon Nightmare was the Heavenly Thunder contained in his Extreme Thunder Sword Essence.
However, when people were afraid, they would often do their best to attack, hoping to eliminate the source of the fear.
The Extreme Thunder Sword Essence suddenly slashed out and hit the two Black Flame Demons in front of Hua Tianming. The two mountain-like Black Flame Demons were instantly wrapped in thunder and lightning. The surface of the Black Flame Demons flashed with electric light, and then quickly deflated, as if evaporated, and disappeared!
"It's very effective!" A glimmer of hope flashed on Zhuo Bufan's face, as if he had grasped a life-saving straw in despair.
"Pei Tianyao, your junior brother is … very strong!" Seeing Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Essence, Zhuo Bufan had a faint feeling that if Hua Tianming entered the Divine Reflection Realm in the future, his potential would not be less than his! He had misjudged him!
But at this moment, Zhuo Bufan was very happy that he had misjudged him.
Pei Tianyao smiled and said, "Hua Tianming's strength is naturally not bad, but Luo Zheng is even more monstrous. Even I am no match for him. He is the number one in our Blue Cloud Sect."