Among his companions, Zhuo Bufan only recognized Pei Tianyao's strength.
Pei Tianyao killed one of the three Flying Yakshas by himself, and then used the power of Acalanatha's shadow to fight with the Yakshas for a long time before he was defeated.
There was a reason why Pei Tianyao couldn't defeat the Yakshas. The Yakshas' bodies were too strong, and Pei Tianyao's attacking methods were too big, so he was restrained by the strongest Yakshas.
Therefore, even though Pei Tianyao was defeated by the Yakshas, Zhuo Bufan still recognized Pei Tianyao's strength. He even felt that Pei Tianyao had the strength to fight with him. After all, the power of the Green Lotus Hellfire was too terrifying.
Perhaps Zhuo Bufan could easily break Pei Tianyao's Invincible Vajra Body with his spear, but Zhuo Bufan could not resist the burning of the Green Lotus Hellfire.
Martial artists of the same level would find it difficult to determine who was better or worse unless they had a real battle! However, Zhuo Bufan was still quite confident in himself. He felt that he had a 70% chance of winning against Pei Tianyao.
As for Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng, Zhuo Bufan didn't take them seriously because they didn't show their strength along the way.
Only then did Zhuo Bufan remember Pei Tianyao's words. "These two can be a great help to us …"
At that time, Zhuo Bufan directly interrupted Pei Tianyao's words. In Zhuo Bufan's view, even ordinary disciples of the Divine Reflection Realm were a burden, let alone two Primordial creatures. Describing them as burdens was already giving them face!
If he had known earlier, he would have asked more about their strength. It would not have been so embarrassing …
It was a pity that Zhuo Bufan was too conceited at that time. There was no other way. He had been so conceited and proud since he was a child, just like his name, Zhuo Bufan, Zhuo 'er Bufan!
Therefore, at this moment, Zhou Bufan's face was slightly hot.
Although Hua Tianming's Supreme Thunder Sword Intent could restrain the Black Devilish Nightmares, there were simply too many of them. It was as if the entire pocket world was made up of Black Devilish Nightmares. Clusters of Black Devilish Nightmares gathered towards Hua Tianming's side. Even though Hua Tianming's Supreme Thunder Sword Intent was exceptionally sharp and could destroy two or even three clusters of Black Devilish Nightmares with each strike, the number of Black Devilish Nightmares didn't decrease as more and more Black Devilish Nightmares appeared.
Hua Tianming also had a limit, especially the Supreme Thunder Sword Essence, which he had just mastered not long ago. After releasing it more than ten times and destroying twenty to thirty groups of Black Devil Nightmares, he was also panting and looked tired. he was exhausted.
Seeing this scene, the others became nervous again.
Luo Zheng frowned as he tried to think of a way to break the spell …
.. was was the Black was was the Devil was was was the Devil Devil Demon Nightmares.
If it was a kind of energy, like vital essence, then could his Heavenly Demon vital essence devour it?
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. This possibility was very high. The Heavenly Demon vital essence's devouring ability was very strong, and it could be continuously transformed. If it could really devour it, then this deadlock could be solved.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng waved his hand, and six Heavenly Demon Phantoms condensed around Luo Zheng.
"What is this kid trying to do?" Zhuo Bufan and the others looked at him in surprise. Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into the Black Devil Nightmares.
The collision should have no effect. This kid is doing something useless. Zhuo Bufan shook his head. His fierce spear attack just now had no effect on the Black Devil Nightmares.
Luo Zheng's six Heavenly Demon Phantoms were indeed unusual in Zhuo Bufan's eyes, but it was useless.
"Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop …"
The six Heavenly Demon Phantoms crashed into the bodies of the six Black Devil Nightmares.
Zhuo Bufan curled his lips. He knew it was futile. At the same time, he even doubted Pei Tianyao's words. Hua Tianming's strength was unquestionable, but this Luo Zheng should still be a little weaker.
"Luo Zheng, ordinary attacks don't have much effect on these Black Devil Nightmares …" Pei Tianyao couldn't help but remind him.
"I know." Luo Zheng nodded. Then, with a thought, he manipulated the six Heavenly Demon Phantoms to suddenly shatter and return to Heavenly Demon vital essence.
"Devour …"
The Heavenly Demon vital essence would automatically devour other energy and transform it into Heavenly Demon vital essence.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and felt the vital essence. Soon, a touch of effect appeared on his face. Then, he suddenly opened his eyes and said with a smile, "It's done!"
"En? Huff, huff … What's done? "Hua Tianming asked, panting.
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He just looked at the six Black Devil Nightmares not far away with a smile on his face. He felt that the Heavenly Demon vital essence was constantly devouring and transforming these Black Devil Nightmares' bodies. The scale of the vital essence was constantly increasing!
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng with curious eyes, thinking in their hearts, 'Is Luo Zheng crazy?'
But at this time, everyone suddenly discovered that a large hole suddenly appeared on the surface of one of the Black Devil Nightmares. Then, a large mass of purple-black vital essence gushed out from the hole.
"What is that!" Zhuo Bufan's eyes widened.
Everyone, including the mysterious disciple of the Cloud Palace who had been calm all this time, widened their eyes and looked at the scene that was happening not far away.
After the first mass of Black Devil Nightmares exploded, the huge bodies of the other five Black Devil Nightmares also exploded. A large amount of purple-black vital essence escaped from them, and the Black Devil Nightmares were completely devoured and completely disappeared … The Black Devil Nightmares didn't have a physical body to begin with. They were a kind of energy aggregation, so they naturally disappeared after being devoured.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the six masses of Heavenly Demon vital essence gathered together, forming an extremely large mass of Heavenly Demon vital essence with a diameter of ten zhang in the air. Then, they heard Luo Zheng spit out a word, "Go!"
Within that enormous ball of Heavenly Demon Vital Essence, Heavenly Demon Vital Essence constantly condensed into purplish-black Vital Essence arrows and shot out.
Because Luo Zheng didn't focus on visualizing 'arrows', the vital essence arrows he visualized were all crooked. However, it didn't matter whether these vital essence arrows looked good or not. What was important was that there were so many of them!
"So much purple-black vital essence, it's Luo Zheng's? Where did this thing come from? " Zhuo Bufan was dumbfounded. In his opinion, Luo Zheng had just done an incredible thing. How could this kind of thing happen?
When faced with certain things, if one couldn't figure out the key problem, they would feel that it was a miracle! Zhuo Bufan was like this at the moment!
Of course, Zhuo Bufan was not the only one who was surprised at this time. Jin Qiaoning and Red Maple were staring at Luo Zheng with incomparable astonishment. They just saw Luo Zheng smash the vital essence of the six Heavenly Demon vital essences into the bodies of the Black Devil Nightmares. How did those Black Devil Nightmares suddenly disappear? And then, so much vital essence suddenly popped out? What the hell?
Even the disciple of the Cloud Hall was looking at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze at this moment. He said in a very small voice, "It's actually the 《Heavenly Demon God Fist》. Maybe, he can help me …"
On the contrary, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao suddenly remembered something. Luo Zheng had once used this move in the arena.
At that time, when Luo Zheng was fighting with Zhou Dan, he was facing Zhou Dan's 《Song of Righteousness》. In the end, Zhou Dan's 《Song of Righteousness》 was swallowed by the Heavenly Demon vital essence.
It was just that this scene lasted for a very short time at that time, and not many people noticed it. Even if Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming noticed it, they didn't pay attention to it deliberately. Now, they understood the horror of Luo Zheng's purple-black Heavenly Demon vital essence!
Next, an even more shocking scene appeared!
Under the command of Luo Zheng, the tens of thousands of small arrows shot into the hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares around him. Those Black Devil Nightmares seemed to be struck by lightning and stopped moving.
At this time, the entire Spirit Space seemed to be frozen. The Black Devil Nightmares stopped moving, and Zhuo Bufan and the others were also motionless. They looked at the scene in front of them, and their hearts were slightly excited as they waited for something. In fact, they had already guessed what would happen next, but they didn't dare to believe that Luo Zheng could really do it to this extent!
They saw Luo Zheng waving his hand, "Break!"
Faint explosions could be heard in the air.
"Bop Bop Bop Bop Bop …"
Hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares exploded at the same time. Each of them was more than three zhang tall, and their bodies burst out with surging Heavenly Demon vital essence.
Just the Heavenly Demon vital essence of one Black Devil Nightmare was enough to fill Luo Zheng's dantian, and there were many more. Hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares were all swallowed and transformed by Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon vital essence. How large was this number?
Under the gray sky, such a huge mass of Heavenly Demon vital essence was formed, like a dark cloud floating in the air.
The amount of Heavenly Demon vital essence was too much. If Luo Zheng absorbed it, his body would probably explode and die.
Everyone looked at the dark cloud formed by the vital essence in fear. When had they ever seen so much vital essence gathered together? Who could release so much vital essence in one breath? Even the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall couldn't have so much vital essence in his body, right?