That ball of purple-black vital essence gradually dissipated, and everyone's gaze shifted from the sky to the ground, finally settling on Luo Zheng's face.
Relatively speaking, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were less shocked than Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, and Red Maple. After all, they knew about Luo Zheng's true strength. However, although Luo Zheng had manipulated the Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence to devour Zhou Dan's Song of Righteousness, the scale was very small. They did not expect Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Quintessential Essence to be able to devour Zhou Dan's Song of Righteousness!
Those who had witnessed Luo Zheng's abnormal Heavenly Devil Innate Yuan were the Imperial Army in White Emperor City, such as Yun Luo, Xu Xiu, and a few others. Apart from them, the ones who left the deepest impression on them were Wanderer Wuyue and the other warriors who had entered the Immortal Abode, but all of them had died in the Immortal Abode.
Apart from Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, and the disciple from the Cloud Hall were all shocked. They couldn't believe that a Xiantian realm cultivator could cause such a huge commotion …
"We don't have any magical treasures like the Innate Yuan Cup, we can't store extra Innate Yuan. I'm afraid we're going to waste so much Innate Yuan …" Jin Qiaoning said. She knew of a magical treasure called the Innate Yuan Cup, which could temporarily store Innate Yuan. However, even if they had a Innate Yuan Cup, it wouldn't be of much use, because its storage space was limited, and it couldn't store so much Innate Yuan.
"Let's explode then." Luo Zheng said with a smile. "Close your eyes!"
Within the Heavenly Demon True Essence, the tiny specks of starlight began to explode one by one. As each speck of starlight was annihilated, it blossomed with an intense and dazzling white light. With such a massive amount of True Essence exploding, the entire small gray world was illuminated as bright as a white night. It was as if the entire world was a mass of white, without a single shadow.
Everyone instinctively closed their eyes. Under such a bright light, it was even brighter than the sun. Even Luo Zheng had to close his eyes. Zhuo Bufan and the other men couldn't help but exclaim in their minds. If the explosive force of this True Yuan was unleashed on a warrior, perhaps even a Divine Core warrior wouldn't be able to withstand it … How could there be such an abnormal skill under the heavens? Could it be that Luo Zheng was practicing a Saint-level technique? The problem was that the tiny Blue Cloud Sect was only a second-grade sect. Where would they get a saint-tier cultivation technique from?
At this time, only one person didn't close his eyes, and that was the disciple of the Cloud Hall. He didn't seem to be affected by the strong light at all. His eyes were wide open as he carefully stared at the light in the sky. His expression was very complicated. No, the energy that erupted wasn't the energy of the Heavenly Demon's true essence. I could feel the aura of the stars in this energy. Could it be that Luo Zheng had visualized the stars? To be able to visualize the stars to such an extent? How did this guy do it?
Of course, it was impossible to achieve this by relying on the Heavenly Devil True Essence alone. What Luo Zheng detonated was not the Heavenly Devil True Essence, but the little bit of starlight in the Heavenly Devil True Essence. Although this disciple of the Cloud Hall was experienced and knowledgeable, it was impossible for him to know that Luo Zheng had obtained the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map from the Immortal Mansion.
When the light gradually dimmed, everyone saw that there were more black things on the ground from the corner of their eyes.
Those black things were like rice cakes. They were soft and shrunk to the size of a fist, and they were all over the ground.
"This is!" Red Maple's eyes were sharp. He stepped over and picked up a piece from the ground, and a surprised smile appeared on his face. "This black substance is the same as the thing in the red chest hidden in the trial! This thing can strengthen the soul! "
"What? It can strengthen the soul? " Zhuo Bufan raised his eyebrows. Even he couldn't ignore such a good thing. However, this thing was everywhere. Was it really that good?
Luo Zheng also noticed that this black substance seemed to be produced after killing the Black Flame Demon. This black substance was exactly the same as the thing in the red chest.
Red Maple naturally knew the value of this thing. It was something that could strengthen the soul. After swallowing it, one would gain endless benefits. One could imagine how precious this thing was! However, this thing was slightly different from the black substance in the red chest. After the black substance in the red chest appeared, it automatically shot into one's mind, as if it was a living thing with intelligence. However, this black substance didn't.
Probably because he was a little anxious, Red Maple tried to swallow this thing in one gulp. Luo Zheng secretly cursed him for being an idiot. Just as he was about to open his mouth to stop him, he heard the Cloud Hall disciple say coldly, "This is the essence of the Black Demon Nightmare. It is highly toxic. After swallowing it, it will instantly corrode your internal organs. If you want to die, then swallow it."
At this time, Red Maple had already put the essence of the Black Demon Nightmare to his mouth. When he heard the Cloud Hall disciple's words, his expression changed, and he reflexively threw it away. "No, it can't be?"
"The black substance you obtained in the hidden trial is Soul Essence. It is indeed of the same origin as this thing. The Black Demon Nightmare is cultivated on the Road of Trials to obtain this kind of thing. However, they used a special secret method to remove the poison from the essence of the Black Demon Nightmare," the Cloud Hall disciple continued to say coldly.
"In other words, there are hundreds of pieces of Black Demon Nightmare's essence here. I can extract ten pieces of Soul Essence?" Luo Zheng's heart moved, and then he asked.
One piece of Soul Essence could slightly strengthen one's soul power. If he could extract ten pieces of Soul Essence …
The Cloud Hall disciple nodded, indicating that Luo Zheng's inference was very accurate.
Hearing this, everyone's eyes suddenly revealed a fiery look.
The Road of Death was the biggest hidden trial on the Road of Trials. The most important reason why everyone chose to enter here was that they hoped to obtain great opportunities and benefits on the Road of Trials!
They didn't expect that after entering and almost losing their lives, they didn't obtain anything. This was the most depressing thing.
However, they didn't expect that under the twists and turns of the mountain, they would suddenly obtain such a great opportunity!
Although the Black Demon Nightmare's essence had not been refined yet, once it was refined, its value was immeasurable! Even in the central region, pills that could strengthen one's soul were extremely rare. Moreover, they were so expensive that it was outrageous.
Moreover, although these pills could strengthen the soul after swallowing them, they often increased the burden on the body, and even made it difficult to remove the poison.
However, these Soul Essences could directly increase the strength of the soul, and there were so many of them. If this wasn't a great opportunity, then what was?
A strong soul was only good for oneself, and there were no disadvantages. Some people with strong souls could even directly use the pressure of their souls to suppress their enemies!
"How do we divide it?" Zhuo Bufan asked the most important question.
The Cloud Hall disciple shook his head and said, "I don't need it."
Zhuo Bufan glanced at the Cloud Hall disciple indifferently. He knew his place, and in fact, he didn't intend to share it with him.
Jin Qiaoning, Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and the others were a little silent. No matter who it was, the more of such good things there were, the better. However, they didn't contribute just now, so how could they divide it?
Seeing that everyone was silent, Zhuo Bufan suddenly smiled and said, "How about this? Luo Zheng contributed the most just now, so he can get 30%. Hua Tianming will get 20%, and the remaining half will be divided equally between me, Jin Qiaoning, and Pei Tianyao."
"What about me?" Although Red Maple was not bold, his strength was indeed not bad. When he heard Zhuo Bufan's distribution method, it seemed that he was not included at all, and his face suddenly darkened.
Unexpectedly, Zhuo Bufan smiled coldly and said, "What else can you do besides running away? Why should I share it with you? "
"Is that so? Is it because you are Zhuo Bufan that you can talk nonsense? " Red Maple's voice suddenly changed. At this moment, he seemed to have changed into a different person. His voice became muddy and full of power, and at the same time, two ruby-like lusters bloomed in his eyes.
Red Maple's strength was not bad to begin with, because he had a Double Soul Constitution! There was another powerful soul in his body, but this soul would not appear in most cases. If Red Maple had awakened the soul in his body when he was on the second floor of the hidden trial, he would have been able to obtain the treasure chest on the second floor. Unfortunately, he did not choose to do so at that time. After falling from the cliff, he had no chance to return.
Seeing the special changes in Red Maple, Zhuo Bufan also sneered, and the white spear appeared in his hand. "It seems that you have hidden your strength. Sure enough, those who dare to enter the Path of Death must have some skills. They can only die miserably like Zhou Cheng … However, you want to challenge me?"
One person after another exceeded Zhuo Bufan's expectations. At first, it was Hua Tianming, then it was Luo Zheng, and now it was this timid Red Maple. Zhuo Bufan realized that he had really underestimated these people. None of them were weak.
"If you don't change the distribution plan … Of course, I will choose to challenge you." Red Maple pulled out a knife from his black cloak. It was a broad knife with a backstab.
Seeing that the two were about to fight, Hua Tianming said, "Enough! Zhuo Bufan, your distribution plan is too much. Not only is Red Maple dissatisfied, but Luo Zheng and I are also dissatisfied! "
"What do you mean?" Zhuo Bufan's face darkened again.
He felt that he had lost control of this temporary team. In other words, these people were not leaders or leaders at all. They were just self-righteous and felt that they were very authoritative!
This feeling was very bad. A proud son of heaven like Zhuo Bufan was born to be a leader. When he went on adventures with the disciples of the Cloud Hall, when did he not have the final say?
But today, with just one sentence, two people jumped out to oppose him!
Luo Zheng glanced at Zhuo Bufan indifferently. "These Devil's Essence were basically destroyed by me and Hua Tianming. I only want 50%."
Hua Tianming said, "I'll take 20%. You can divide the rest among yourselves."
Pei Tianyao did not speak. In fact, he agreed with Luo Zheng's plan. Whoever put in the most effort would get the most. If it were not for Hua Tianming and Luo Zheng, this group of people would all die here. What was there to divide?
＝＝＝＝＝