Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming got 70% of it, leaving only 30%. Even if the disciple of the Cloud Hall didn't want it, there were still four of them to share.
"You two take 70%? Do you think that Brother Bufan and I are just decorations here? " Jin Qiaoning said coldly. She was also unhappy. In her opinion, it was better for her and Zhuo Bufan to take all the Devil's Essence.
Zhuo Bufan also said, "Luo Zheng, I gave you 30% because you made a contribution. I didn't expect you to ask for 50%. Hey, do you think I, Zhuo Bufan, am so easy to talk to?"
Luo Zheng stared at Zhuo Bufan and said, "I don't care if you are easy to talk to or not. Hua Tianming and I will take 70%."
Zhuo Bufan sighed. A long blood dragon appeared on the shaft of the white spear in his hand. He waved it gently and pointed the spear to the ground. "I don't like internal strife, but if there is a problem with the team, I don't mind dealing with it first!"
Seeing that he was about to fight, Luo Zheng also took out his Bloodthirsty Sword. He shook his head and said, "Zhuo Bufan, your strength is indeed good, but I can only say that you are too arrogant to think that you are the leader of this team."
After that, a little perfect sword intent condensed on the Bloodthirsty Sword. The full perfect sword intent was like a small fairy, dancing on the tip of Luo Zheng's sword.
At this time, Hua Tianming also stood next to Luo Zheng and also condensed a perfect sword intent.
"Both of them have perfect sword intent?" Seeing the sword intent on Luo Zheng's Bloodthirsty Sword, Zhuo Bufan raised his eyebrows. Although Zhuo Bufan was arrogant, he was not a fool. Hua Tianming was a threat to Zhuo Bufan, and Luo Zheng's strength seemed to be stronger than Pei Tianyao's!
First, there was that strange purple-black Zhenqi, and now he had condensed a perfect sword intent! This made Zhuo Bufan's heart beat faster.
Even if he were to face Luo Zheng alone, Zhuo Bufan might not have the confidence to win. With Hua Tianming … the situation was a little troublesome.
Just as Zhuo Bufan was hesitating, Red Maple stood beside Luo Zheng and said in a slightly deep voice, "I support Luo Zheng's allocation plan! If you're not convinced, you can fight with the three of us. "
Zhuo Bufan was silent. Seeing that Pei Tianyao had no intention of getting involved, and the disciple of the Cloud Hall didn't say a word, the arrogant Zhuo Bufan finally chose to bow his head.
Lowering his head was something that Zhuo Bufan had never done before! Although it was just a small concession, it was very difficult for Zhuo Bufan to accept. The problem was that the situation was stronger than the person. Moreover, even if they obtained these Devil Nightmare Essences, they still had to face the problem of walking out of the Path of Death. It was really unwise for him to challenge the three of them at the same time.
"Okay, I agree!" In the end, Zhuo Bufan gritted his teeth and chose to agree.
Then, everyone gathered the Black Nightmare Essences scattered on the ground and distributed them. According to the previous agreement, Luo Zheng took half of the Black Nightmare Essences alone.
Looking at the pile of Black Nightmare Essences stuffed into Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring, Zhuo Bufan was deeply unwilling, but at the same time, he was helpless. In the end, he could only grit his teeth and endure! If they left the Trial Taker's Path and entered the Cloud Hall, he would slowly deal with them!
His father was Mister Zhuo of the Cloud Hall. Wasn't it a simple matter for him to deal with a few elite disciples who had just entered the Cloud Hall?
As for what these guys had eaten, he naturally wanted them to spit it out without missing a single one! Every piece of Devil Nightmare Essence was worth a lot, not to mention a few hundred pieces.
After the distribution, Zhuo Bufan was a little silent. There was no longer an expression on his face that was full of vigor and vigor. This time, he didn't lead the team. Instead, he walked in front with Jin Qiaoning, while the others silently followed behind. If it weren't for the fact that the Path of Death was too dangerous, this temporary team would have already fallen apart.
Just as the Cloud Hall disciple had said, this small world was used to cultivate these Black Nightmare Essences. Apart from these Black Nightmare Essences, they didn't encounter any other ferocious beasts in this small world.
When everyone reached the end of this small world, a whirlpool appeared in front of them. It was a red whirlpool that looked like a ball of flame that was constantly rotating.
Seeing this flame-like whirlpool, the Cloud Hall disciple's eyes suddenly lit up.
However, the others' eyes revealed a look of vigilance.
They had walked all the way from the Path of Death. Every small world was filled with danger. Just now, they had almost been completely wiped out. Now that they encountered this red whirlpool, how could they not be vigilant?
However, there was no turning back on this Path of Death. There seemed to be no good choice but to move forward.
"Hey, this red whirlpool, what does it mean?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked the Cloud Hall disciple.
Although this mysterious Cloud Hall disciple refused to reveal his identity, he seemed to know a lot about the Path of Death.
From beginning to end, the Cloud Hall disciple, who had been expressionless, suddenly smiled. His smile was very strange. "What does it mean? Won't we know once we go in? "
Luo Zheng originally wanted to ask, but he didn't expect the Cloud Hall disciple to jump into the red whirlpool.
The moment the Cloud Hall disciple jumped in, the small world where everyone was suddenly trembled. Luo Zheng looked up and saw that cracks seemed to appear in the sky of the small world. These cracks were very similar to the cracks that Luo Zheng saw above the Path of Death. It was as if this small world was showing signs of breaking.
"Let's go in too!" Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng also jumped in.
Then, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Zhuo Bufan, Jin Qiaoning, and the others all jumped into the red whirlpool.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped out of the whirlpool, he fell head first into the ground. He was falling continuously!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
The sound of the wind blew past Luo Zheng's ears. Luo Zheng saw that the Cloud Hall disciple was also falling. The exit of this whirlpool was actually set above an abyss!
The abyss below was dark and bottomless. No one knew how high this abyss was, but falling all the way down, there was only one outcome, and that was death.
However, Luo Zheng soon found that there were many stones floating above the abyss. Those stones were irregular in shape. Some were as big as a table, and some were only as big as a fist. He didn't know what kind of power was supporting them. They seemed to be completely unaffected by gravity and were floating in the air.
"I can only jump on those stones!" As soon as Luo Zheng thought of this, he saw that the Cloud Hall disciple suddenly tiptoed in the air. His body circled and stood firmly on a floating stone.
This Cloud Hall disciple, who hadn't made a move, was actually so dexterous. It seemed to be more exquisite than Red Maple's.
So, Luo Zheng followed suit. He turned over, changed his position abruptly, and grabbed one of the floating stones. Luo Zheng's body was not so powerful. Under the force of his strength, the floating stone was turned over by Luo Zheng. At the critical moment, Luo Zheng grabbed a corner of the floating stone and turned a full circle with it. Only then did he stand firmly on the floating stone.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw that Zhuo Bufan, Pei Tianyao, and the others had also used all their methods to grab a floating stone.
After Baili Hongfeng passed through the whirlpool, he seemed to have returned to his normal self. He was like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water. He used his powerful movement skill to jump from one rock to another. As he jumped, he screamed exaggeratedly as if he could not stop.
After everyone stabilized their bodies, the Cloud Hall disciple suddenly pointed to the top and said, "Up there is the exit of the Path of Death!"
Hearing the words of the Cloud Hall disciple, everyone was happy. They looked up and saw floating stones floating in the abyss. At the top of the abyss, there was a bright light. Everyone could even see pieces of space fragments floating in the sky above the abyss!
As long as they jumped along these floating stones, they could leave the Path of Death.
Although there was hope, everyone was still a little disappointed. Since they dared to take the risk in the Path of Death, they originally wanted to get a bigger reward. They were not satisfied with just a part of the Nightmare Essence.
However, at this time, survival was the most important thing. Being able to walk out of the Path of Death alive was already a magnificent feat!
"It doesn't seem difficult …" Red Maple laughed. At this moment, he was stepping on a fist-sized floating stone as if he was juggling, showing off his amazing body technique.
The Cloud Hall disciple smiled faintly, "Difficult? The difficulty is coming soon … "
As soon as the Cloud Hall disciple's voice fell, everyone heard a series of sounds.
"Clang, clang, clang …"
"Look, below!" Pei Tianyao pointed to the dark abyss and saw a huge head approaching. It turned out to be the head of a huge Flood Dragon!
This Flood Dragon's head was so big! Just its head alone was enough to fill the entire abyss. Above the Flood Dragon's head, there were thick chains that were tied up. The clanging sounds were made by those chains.
"Flood Dragon, let's go up quickly …" Zhuo Bufan pulled Jin Qiaoning, and the two of them stepped on the floating stones at an extremely fast speed, constantly leaping towards the top of the abyss!
For them, the Flood Dragon was a huge existence. Although the Flood Dragon was not a Divine Beast, it was still a close relative of the Dragon Clan and had the bloodline of the Dragon Clan!
During the All-Peak Competition, Wang Yun had only held a section of the Flood Dragon's bone in his hand, and the power it released was already so amazing. Now, under their feet was a living adult Flood Dragon that had lived for tens of thousands of years! Just a single roar from such a huge dragon was enough to turn everyone into ashes, leaving not even their bones behind.
"Go, go! Go! "
Without any hesitation, everyone jumped up onto the floating rocks as if they had gone mad, hoping to escape from the terrifying adult flood dragon.
At this time, the Cloud Hall disciple's eyes were fixed on Zhuo Bufan. He frowned slightly, as if he was thinking about something in his heart. He showed a trace of hesitation, but in the end, his eyes left Zhuo Bufan and locked on Luo Zheng.
After choosing Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall disciple smiled slightly. His speed suddenly increased by five or six times, and he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
What did five or six times mean?
The Cloud Hall disciple's speed was much faster than that of Red Maple, who was proficient in body movement. But now, with his speed increased by five or six times, his figure was so fast that it was difficult to see with the naked eye!
Luo Zheng was also concentrating on sprinting upwards, but at this time, he suddenly heard a loud sound coming from below.
Generally speaking, this kind of sound would only be produced when hidden weapons cut through the air at high speed. But when Luo Zheng looked back, he saw that it was the Cloud Hall disciple rushing towards him.
"Such a fast speed! How is this possible? " Luo Zheng was shocked and frowned. This Cloud Hall disciple was actually rushing towards him!
"Are you looking for trouble with me?" Everyone had been on guard against this mysterious disciple of the Cloud Palace. It was just that this disciple of the Cloud Palace had not shown any malice, so everyone could reluctantly travel with him.
Seeing that the Cloud Hall disciple was going to attack him, Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all. After jumping onto a stone platform, he turned his hand and swung his sword!
It was the Downward Slash of the Basic Swordsmanship!
"Since you are looking for trouble with me, you should be prepared to die!"
Facing the Flood Dragon that was rushing towards him, Luo Zheng did not want to be careless. It was too dangerous. If he was careless, he would be doomed eternally!
So Luo Zheng went all out!
Seeing Luo Zheng's Basic Swordsmanship, the Cloud Hall disciple showed a trace of confusion on his face. Then he smiled slightly and actually grabbed Luo Zheng's Bloodthirsty Sword with his bare hands!
Luo Zheng noticed that the Cloud Hall disciple's smile was a little awkward, as if there was a hint of charm in his smile. But this guy was obviously a man!
But Luo Zheng did not have time to think about this problem. He did not expect that this Cloud Hall disciple would use such an ingenious method to grab his sword with his bare hands.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was obvious that no one in the Divine Reflection Realm could match him. Perhaps he could not block Zhuo Bufan's spear, but he had other ways to defeat Zhuo Bufan.
But this Cloud Hall disciple, who was at the first tier of the Divine Reflection Realm, was actually able to grab his sword with his bare hands. This was somewhat inconceivable.
The Cloud Hall disciple smiled again and said softly, "Come down with me!" Before Luo Zheng could react, he grabbed Luo Zheng's clothes and dragged him down the floating stone. The two of them fell into the abyss.