Under this kind of crisis, everyone was desperately climbing up. Who would care about what was happening behind them?
Hua Tianming stepped on the sword and constantly danced on the floating stones. If there were any small floating stones blocking his way, they would be instantly chopped into powder by his sword intent.
Just as he was climbing, he looked back and his expression changed drastically!
"Luo Zheng!"
Hua Tianming yelled. The others who were trying their best to climb up turned around and were shocked as well.
When Zhuo Bufan saw this scene, a cold smile appeared on his face. He had long felt that the disciple of the Cloud Hall was abnormal. He must be up to something! However, this disciple of the Cloud Hall hadn't done anything out of line, so Zhuo Bufan didn't investigate further.
He didn't expect that he would go crazy for no reason and drag Luo Zheng down!
He deserved it! However, it was a pity that Luo Zheng still had so much Black Nightmare Essence in his hands. Now that Luo Zheng had died in this abyss, he probably wouldn't be able to get it.
Forget it, this Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian lifeform and already had such strength. If he entered the Cloud Hall and became an elite disciple in the future, he would probably be a formidable opponent! No matter how proud Zhuo Bufan was, he had to recognize this fact.
In that case, it was quite good to use this place as your grave.
As he climbed up, Zhuo Bufan's originally gloomy face due to his dissatisfaction with the distribution was now filled with a smile, as if the spring breeze was blowing on his face at this moment.
However, Zhuo Bufan did not know that he had actually brushed past a great opportunity. Originally, he had a share of this opportunity. Unfortunately, because of the sudden appearance of Luo Zheng, Zhuo Bufan's life path had changed, and he had inadvertently taken away Zhuo Bufan's opportunity!
From a certain point of view, this was also because Zhuo Bufan's luck wasn't strong enough! And Luo Zheng's luck was too strong, so it directly took away Zhuo Bufan's luck.
On the other hand, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao felt sad. The three of them came in together, but they didn't expect that Luo Zheng would die in such a place …
Luo Zheng felt that he was being pulled by the disciple of the Cloud Hall and kept falling down. In the process of falling, Luo Zheng even smelled a faint fragrance.
At this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to recall something. He remembered that the disciple of the Cloud Hall walked a little awkwardly. That awkwardness was actually a little sissy, and then he thought of that strange and charming smile just now.
The disciple of the Cloud Hall was a woman!
But at this time, it was useless.... So what if the disciple of the Cloud Hall was a woman?
The Luo Zheng of the Luo of the Cloud Cloud Dragon............. of the dragon of the dragon...........
...................................
She smiled slightly, as if she had forgotten to hide it. She just smiled and said, "Because I chose you!"
"What do you mean by choosing me?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. In Luo Zheng's opinion, it was a little inexplicable to hear this sentence in this kind of situation where they were going to die. I don't know this disciple of the Cloud Hall, and I don't have any big grudges against her. Why did she choose me? Did she choose me to die together with me?
The disciple of the Cloud Hall no longer spoke. She pulled Luo Zheng down, blocking her from below, and rushed towards the dragon.
The moment they rushed towards the dragon, the dragon suddenly opened its mouth and swallowed the two of them.
The moment Luo Zheng was swallowed by the dragon, he suddenly fell into darkness. He almost subconsciously hugged the disciple of the Cloud Hall tightly, and then constantly bumped into the dragon's body. For a moment, the two of them were confused and didn't know where to go.
Fortunately, the dragon's body was soft everywhere, so it didn't fall apart. They bumped into each other like this for a while. The two of them gradually slowed down. Finally, Luo Zheng's shoulder fell on a soft place.
Luo Zheng subconsciously pressed on the soft place with his hand. "Fortunately, the dragon's body is soft everywhere. Otherwise, I'm afraid I would have fallen badly."
"Take it away!"
A woman's scream came from the darkness. Luo Zheng felt that his arm was twisted, and then he was heavily thrown out.
Only when Luo Zheng landed on the ground did he realize that the soft place he just touched was a place he shouldn't have touched.
"You're not disguising yourself? Why did you dress up as a man? "Luo Zheng asked in the darkness.
"Humph!" The disciple of the Cloud Hall coldly snorted, and then a light appeared in her hand, which immediately illuminated the surroundings.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, she seemed to feel that there was no need to disguise herself. She removed the disguise and returned to her original appearance.
Under the dim light, she was still wearing the white robe of the Cloud Hall. The white robe was a bit loose on her curvaceous body. She didn't have time to comb her dark hair. It just casually and loosely hung on her left shoulder, looking natural and fresh.
Even though the light she lit was a bit dim, he could still see her white and beautiful face. This kind of natural beauty made Luo Zheng a bit dazed for a moment.
"You're so beautiful, but you dress up as a man …" Luo Zheng said this sentence without rhyme or reason.
"What does it have to do with you?" The woman said coldly.
Luo Zheng laughed. "Logically speaking, it has nothing to do with me. But you pulled me down from above, so you should at least give me an explanation. We're now trapped inside the dragon's body, right? Tell me, what's your purpose? And … are you really in the first tier of the Divine Reflection Realm? "
On the surface, she did have the strength of someone who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. But this woman just now was able to see through his "Basic Sword Technique" in an instant and dismantle his sword move with her bare hands. This was not something a warrior who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm could do.
Zhuo Bufan was outstanding enough, right? He should be the strongest among those who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. Even compared to the warriors who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm in the entire Central Domain, he stood at the top of the pyramid. Perhaps Zhuo Bufan could react in an instant and use the long spear in his hand to dismantle his Basic Sword Technique, but it was impossible for him to do so with his bare hands.
However, there was a special restriction on the Trial Taker's Path. Warriors who had surpassed the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm could not enter at all. From this point of view, this woman could not have surpassed the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm.
This was what Luo Zheng didn't understand, and also why Luo Zheng asked this question.
"You're asking nonsense. If I hadn't just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, I wouldn't have been able to enter the Trial Taker's Path," the woman said coldly.
"Then why were you able to dismantle my sword move with your bare hands?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Why should I tell you?" the woman said bluntly.
"Then why did you bring me into this flood dragon's body?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"Why … I'll tell you later!" The woman stared at him with her limpid eyes.
Not long after, Luo Zheng and the woman felt another violent tremor. Finally, with a boom, the surroundings stabilized. The flood dragon had probably rushed out of the abyss and then slowly retracted back into its body.
"Let's go!" The woman took the light and got up to walk forward.
"Where are we going … is there no danger in this flood dragon's body?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"If you keep talking, I won't say a word to you. Just follow me." The woman took the lead. Her voice was very cold, but her voice was crisp and charming. It was very pleasant to the ears.
"At least tell me your name. If you don't, I won't go." Luo Zheng stopped. He already vaguely understood that this woman seemed to have some plans and intentions. No matter what, he wouldn't die for the time being.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the woman thought for a moment, then said, "Just call me Die …"
"Little Die?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"Call me Sister Die!" Her face darkened, and she quickly walked forward.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, this flood dragon's body seemed to be very empty and dry. If it was a living flood dragon, he and Little Die should have fallen into its stomach. However, under the faint light of Little Die, Luo Zheng found that this body seemed to have been transformed by someone. It was like a human palace, not a flood dragon's body.
At this moment, the Qinglong voice in Luo Zheng's mind came again, "This flood dragon has been transformed by someone. It's a dead flood dragon."
"A dead flood dragon? But just now … "Luo Zheng responded in his mind.
"Yes, it was transformed by you humans. They drained the flood dragon's blood and soaked its flesh with a secret method. In this way, this flood dragon's body will never rot. Then they transformed it into a puppet," the Qinglong voice said slowly.
"What do you want? Why did you suddenly appear?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked straightforwardly. The big Qinglong in his body had always been asleep. If it woke up for no reason, it must have wanted something. Luo Zheng had figured out the character of this Qinglong. Otherwise, it would not have shown up even when Luo Zheng was in a life-or-death situation.
"Heh heh, you brat …" Having lived for so many years, Qinglong was extremely thick-skinned. "The flood dragon's essence and blood have been drained long ago. Even its bone marrow has been drained. This flood dragon's body has no value. It can't even compare with the previous bone spear. At least the bone spear still retains the flood dragon's essence and blood. Therefore, this body is useless to me. But … I can feel that there's a flood dragon's essence and blood here. I want to devour it!"
"Flood dragon's essence and blood? Didn't you say the flood dragon was dead? "Luo Zheng asked. Since the flood dragon's body was dead, its soul should have been scattered.
"It's not easy to control the flood dragon's puppet body. The best way is to extract the flood dragon's essence and refine it. Then, put a seal on it and use the essence to control the flood dragon's body. That's the most effective way." Qinglong said.
What a good method. This sixth-rank sect was actually so powerful. Not only did they kill the flood dragon, they even drained its essence and blood and refined its soul into a flood dragon puppet. What kind of method was this? Was this the strength of the Demon Blood Emperor?
"But … I can feel that the seal on the flood dragon's essence and blood has loosened. The flood dragon tribe is naturally lustful. You … have to be careful." Qinglong said.