"Are you talking about this girl called 'Die'? Actually, I've noticed her since you entered the Path of Death. I think she's very strong compared to you … but, since she brought you here, I think she needs your help. "Qinglong said.
"What I want to know is, why is she so strong?" This was the biggest mystery in Luo Zheng's mind. She was only at the first level of the Divine Reflection realm, how could she possess such strength?
Qinglong paused for a moment, then he continued. "If I'm not mistaken, this girl is cultivating the 'Nine Transformation Resurrection Skill' or the '12 Tribulations Cultivation Skill'. She's not just at the Divine Reflection realm."
"Not just at the Divine Reflection realm? If that's the case, why was she able to enter the Path of Trials? "Luo Zheng raised his brows. This didn't make any sense.
Qinglong laughed, "Her type of cultivation skill is too heaven-defying, that's why when she cultivates it to a certain level, she has to disperse her cultivation and start from scratch. For example, the 'Nine Transformation Resurrection Skill' requires her to disperse her cultivation nine times, and she has to start from scratch every single time. Only after nine transformations can she break through! She must have broken through to the first level of the Divine Reflection realm after dispersing her cultivation. Therefore, her true strength is most likely at the Late Divine Core realm, or even higher … "
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng was shocked. Late Divine Core realm? Or even higher realms? This girl's original strength was so frightening?
"Normally, this type of cultivation skill is extremely heaven-defying. Once one cultivates the 'Nine Transformation' or '12 Tribulations', their strength will far surpass those at the same cultivation level, and they will be able to overturn rivers and seas. There is nothing they can't do … But, each type of cultivation skill requires different conditions before dispersing one's cultivation, that's why I can't tell what her original cultivation level is. Although her cultivation level has dropped to the first level of the Divine Reflection realm, no matter it is her experience, vision, or explosive strength, she is not something you juniors can compare with. Therefore, it's not surprising that she was able to see through your basic sword skill, and broke your sword skill with her bare hands." Qinglong explained in an indifferent tone.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng looked at Xiao Die's graceful back, and a hint of awe appeared on his face. She was at the late stage of the Divine Core realm or even higher. She seemed to be even more powerful than Elder Fei Han of the Cloud Hall. Why did this woman lower her cultivation to enter the Trial Taker's Path?
While Luo Zheng was lost in his thoughts, Xiao Die seemed to be searching for something in the dim light. She looked around and seemed to have found a mechanism in the corner. She reached out her hand and pressed it, injecting a stream of Zhen Yuan into it.
The true essence quickly flowed along the lines in the corners, and soon, the entire inner world of the Flood Dragon lit up!
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked. Only then was he able to see the entirety of the Flood Dragon's inner world. Just as the Azure Dragon had said, the entire Flood Dragon had been transformed. Its inner world was like a small palace.
After Xiao Die lit up the inner world, she looked around and said to Luo Zheng, "Follow me!"
So Luo Zheng followed closely behind Xiao Die. After walking for a short distance, the two suddenly heard a "Pa Da" sound. They seemed to have triggered some kind of mechanism. Six small doors opened in the walls on both sides, and six dark golden snakes slowly crawled out from the small doors!
The metallic luster of these six small snakes was the same as the Slaughter Puppet Luo Zheng had encountered in the hidden Trial Taker's Path. They were made of the same metal.
Even Luo Zheng's Flowing Light Sword was destroyed by this metal. Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to this metal.
However, with the sharpness of the broken throwing knife, Luo Zheng was confident that he could cut this metal. But Luo Zheng didn't plan to use it on the Trial Taker's Path.
As soon as these six puppet snakes appeared, they opened their metal tongues, revealing their dark golden snake fangs, and shot towards the two.
"Ding Ding!" Luo Zheng instantly took out his Flowing Light Sword and smashed apart the two snake puppets. After the two snake puppets fell to the ground, they weren't injured in the slightest. Luo Zheng was thinking of a way to deal with these snake puppets when he saw Xiao Die reach out and grab one of the snake puppets. Her hand flashed with true essence, and with a gentle twist, the snake puppet was torn in two by her.
"This woman's strength …" Luo Zheng was shocked. Wasn't this strength too terrifying? Although Luo Zheng had seen her release a special True Essence, even with the assistance of True Essence, her strength was definitely not small!
After that, there was nothing for Luo Zheng to do. She grabbed the remaining puppet snakes with one hand and casually tore them apart. These incomparably strong metals were as soft as noodles in her hand. After she tore them apart, she casually threw them aside.
Seeing the "corpses" of the puppet snakes, Luo Zheng didn't let them go. Just the materials of these puppet snakes could be sold for a lot of money.
Seeing Luo Zheng collect the puppet snakes one by one, Xiao Die looked at Luo Zheng with contempt. "There's no need to collect these things. If you help me achieve my goal, these things can only be regarded as junk."
"…" Being despised by a woman like this, Luo Zheng felt a little hurt. But he still put the "corpses" of the six puppet snakes into his sumeru ring, and then followed Xiao Die.
After walking for a while inside the Flood Dragon's body, Luo Zheng saw a red light not far away. In that red light, there seemed to be something floating. Luo Zheng asked, "What is that?"
"That's the key." When Xiao Die saw the key, her eyes finally showed a hint of joy, and her pace quickened.
"Key? Where is the key? " Luo Zheng asked as he approached. It turned out that the red light was a circular cauldron. The fire in the cauldron was exuberant, and in the middle of the cauldron was a long and narrow crystal that was slowly floating. Was this crystal the key that Xiao Die spoke of?
"The inheritance key of the entire Path of the Trial Taker. Before this Rank 6 Sect was destroyed, they placed all their inheritances in the Path of the Trial Taker. As long as you obtain this inheritance key, you will be able to keep all these inheritances!" Little Butterfly said as she looked at the floating crystal in the furnace.
"This is all of the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritances?" Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air. Even the Cloud Hall was only a fourth-grade sect. But the Demon Blood Emperor's sect was a sixth-grade sect!
No wonder there were so many hidden treasures in the Road of Smelting Trial. The Demon Blood Emperor must have placed a part of his sect's inheritance inside! The Road of Smelting Trial was so long, and there was probably more than one hidden trial.
If he could take all of these inheritances, just how great would that be? At this moment, Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment.
Xiao Die stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "How do you know about the Demon Blood Emperor?"
"Me? I'm not telling you! "Before, Xiao Die had been hiding a lot of information from him. Luo Zheng always wanted to keep her in suspense.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xiao Die didn't pursue the matter. Instead, she continued to stare at the furnace and said, "I've been here once, but I didn't get the key because it's too hard to get."
Xiao Die said she'd been here once? Luo Zheng thought for a moment and understood. If what Qinglong said was true, then her cultivation method required her to disperse her cultivation, and it wasn't just once. Then the last time she dispersed her cultivation, she must have secretly snuck in here. That's why Xiao Die was so familiar with the Road of Death.
"Why is it hard to get?" Luo Zheng looked at the furnace and asked.
"This furnace is too powerful, and there's a Bounded Domain here. I can't open it …" Xiao Die stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and suddenly said, "Didn't you ask me why I brought you here? This time, I originally planned to cooperate with Zhuo Bufan to deal with this furnace, and then rely on Zhuo Bufan's spear to break the Bounded Domain. But later, I changed my mind. Zhuo Bufan's spear has a strong penetrating power, but it may not be able to penetrate this Bounded Domain. But you've cultivated the 'Demonic God Fist', and I can provide you with enough Zhenqi. That's to say, it's safer to choose you. "
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Luo Zheng basically understood. In the case that she couldn't get the crystal key alone, she had to find a strong enough helper.
At first, Zhuo Bufan was the best choice. He was the strongest among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, and his main weapon was the spear. This kind of weapon had the strongest penetrating power, and he could break the Bounded Domain with his spear. In the end, because of his appearance, Xiao Die thought that he was more likely to break the Bounded Domain, so she pulled him into the mouth of the flood dragon. If Luo Zheng hadn't appeared, it would have been Zhuo Bufan who was here at the moment.
In fact, Luo Zheng felt a little strange. With Xiao Die's terrifying strength, couldn't she break the Bounded Domain? However, Luo Zheng knew that it was useless to ask this question, so he simply waited and watched.
"Enough talking. Now listen to my command and take the crystal key!" After Xiao Die finished speaking, she sat on the ground and placed a pair of jade-like hands in her dantian. Pure Qi began to condense, and she pushed a palm toward the furnace.
As the wind from Xiao Die's palm swept over, the fire in the furnace suddenly flourished. After a while, a flame flew out of the furnace. The flame was in the shape of a dragon!
"You move away, this is the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence! It's a very powerful fire essence! " This time, Xiao Die's face finally showed a cautious expression. She carefully dealt with the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence. She reached out and flipped her hand, and a sky-blue jade appeared in her hand. The jade emitted a cold air, and suddenly the surrounding temperature dropped a little.
Xiao Die stretched out her hand and patted it gently. She stretched out a jade-like finger, and her fingertip constantly circled the jade, as if she was guiding something out of the jade. After her finger drew several small circles, she gently pulled and said softly, "Go!"
A small ice phoenix suddenly appeared from her jade. After the small ice phoenix appeared from the jade, it let out a high-pitched phoenix cry, and then rushed toward the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence!
＝＝＝＝＝