Flame Essences were divided into many types. The Flame Essences bred in the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames were relatively weak, but the Flame Essences in this furnace were far more powerful than ordinary Flame Essences!
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was only the size of an arm, but it was a highly condensed body of flames. The moment it pounced, just the heat it emitted was unbearable. Fortunately, the Ice Phoenix that Xiao Die summoned from her Jade Treasure was not to be outdone.
The Flame Dragon and Ice Phoenix tangled together, mutually restraining and canceling each other out. Ice could restrain fire, but fire could also melt glaciers.
Every time the Ice Phoenix pounced, it would cause the Flame Dragon Spirit to dim a little. But every time the Flame Dragon's body dimmed, a flame would shoot out from the furnace behind it. After the flame entered the Flame Dragon, it would immediately cause the Flame Dragon's flames to surge violently. The Flame Dragon emitted a brilliant light, exuding an endless ferocity.
At this time, the Flame Dragon gained the upper hand. Every time it pounced, it would always melt a part of the Ice Phoenix condensed from ice crystals. The Ice Phoenix began to shrink at a speed visible to the naked eye.
When the Ice Phoenix melted to a certain extent, Little Butterfly was also unhurried. Her jade-like fingers touched the precious jade and gently pulled, condensing an ice cold energy from her true essence. After this ice cold energy appeared, it entered the Ice Phoenix's body, causing the Ice Phoenix's body to rapidly expand.
The Ice Phoenix and the Flame Dragon could only consume each other like this, neither able to do anything to the other. Although the Ice Phoenix had Little Butterfly to supplement its ice cold energy, the same was true for the Flame Dragon. As long as the flames in the furnace didn't extinguish, the Flame Dragon would never die!
"I'll hold off the Flame Dragon Spirit. Now you can try to break the enchantment," Little Butterfly said.
"Enchantment?"
A faint purple curtain of light appeared around the furnace. This furnace was located in the deepest part of the Flood Dragon puppet's body, yet it still had several layers of protection. Luo Zheng believed most of Little Butterfly's words. If this crystal wasn't of great importance, how could there be so many layers of protection?
Facing the enchantment, Luo Zheng suddenly punched the enchantment.
Boom!
Luo Zheng had used all of his strength in this punch, together with the power of the dragon scale, Luo Zheng only heard a crisp sound, but the enchantment didn't move at all.
"Your strength alone is far from enough," Little Butterfly said to Luo Zheng, "This boundary is very special. It is made from a trace of space power. This thin boundary is actually a thin layer of space!"
Hearing Little Butterfly's words, Luo Zheng's expression changed. "That is to say, if I shatter it, it's equivalent to shattering a layer of space? How is that possible? "
Perhaps even a Divine Core warrior wouldn't be able to break the dimensional barrier. Perhaps only a Late Divine Core warrior would be able to do so.
"It's not that exaggerated. This space has been compressed to a very thin state. It is not a real spatial barrier. If it were a real spatial barrier, I would not have come here. There is simply no possibility of breaking it," Xiao Die said.
Originally, she was counting on Zhuo Bufan's spear to break the barrier. The most suitable person she had found was Zhuo Bufan.
The spear had the strongest penetrating force amongst all weapons, and Zhuo Bufan was also cultivating a powerful spear skill. His' Spear of Annihilation 'had a great chance of breaking the barrier. But, Little Butterfly felt it was safer to choose Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng had cultivated the Heavenly Fiend Fist, he could transform his energy into an endless amount of energy. And … she had a lot of energy.
"You can still use the Heavenly Fiend Fist, I'll transfer my energy to you." Little Butterfly gently raised her finger. Countless pure and thick energy streams flowed towards Luo Zheng like water.
After seeing this True Essence, Luo Zheng understood that the Azure Dragon's words were not false. Such pure and dense True Essence was absolutely not something a Divine Reflection disciple could possess. Although her cultivation had fallen and her strength had also been reduced, she was still much, much stronger than him …
Without saying anything, Luo Zheng summoned a Heavenly Fiend Phantom and shattered it into pieces. After that, he merged it with Little Butterfly's True Yuan.
Soon, the True Yuan was covered with a layer of dark purple, and was completely devoured by Luo Zheng's Heavenly Fiend True Yuan.
Little Butterfly was releasing her True Yuan at an incredible speed, but Luo Zheng's devouring speed wasn't slow either. In just an instant, he had devoured a huge amount of True Yuan, and it floated next to Luo Zheng.
"Is this enough?" Luo Zheng was about to compress his True Yuan. Although the barrier in front of him looked very sturdy, he didn't forget that he still had the Blood Jade Crystal. The Blood Jade Crystal's energy was specifically used to break barriers.
Little Butterfly shook her head. "Not enough! Again! " After that, Little Butterfly took out three or four top-grade True Yuan Stones and squeezed them hard, instantly absorbing the True Yuan from the top-grade True Yuan Stones.
The True Yuan contained in the top-grade True Yuan Stones was very pure. If Luo Zheng absorbed it with his Dantian, he was afraid that the True Yuan in one top-grade True Yuan Stone would not be able to bear it. However, Little Butterfly could absorb four of them in one go. It could be imagined that the amount of True Yuan Stones her Dantian could hold was much larger than Luo Zheng's.
After devouring the top-grade True Yuan Stones, she continued to release True Yuan for Luo Zheng to devour.
This was Little Butterfly's plan. Zhuo Bufan's spear might not be able to break the enchantment, but Luo Zheng's "Heavenly Devil God Fist", as long as he provided enough Vital Essence, could always break the enchantment.
After Luo Zheng absorbed the True Yuan, Little Butterfly said again, "Continue!" After that, she took out a few more top-grade True Yuan Stones and crushed them again.
After repeating this several times, the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan around Luo Zheng grew larger and larger.
Although this True Yuan couldn't be compared to the True Yuan he absorbed from the Black Devil Nightmares in the small world, it was still a decent amount.
During this process, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon became more and more irritable, and its attacks became fiercer and fiercer, as if it wanted to break through the Ice Phoenix's barrier. Little Butterfly couldn't afford to be distracted, so she could only focus on controlling the Ice Phoenix to stop the Soul Departing Fire Dragon.
"Go, I hope you can break this barrier with a single strike!"
The last time Little Butterfly came here, she had failed at the last step. She wanted to break the barrier, but this Fire Dragon was here to disturb her. Not only did Little Butterfly come prepared for this, she even brought Luo Zheng here to help her. She had to succeed with a single strike.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, causing the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan to start rolling and compressing into his palm.
When such a huge amount of True Yuan was compressed together, the power was extremely frightening. Using other people's True Yuan to compress it, the power of this punch was comparable to a Late Divine realm warrior's punch, or even an Early Divine Core warrior's punch!
Although this method was extremely powerful, and if there was enough energy or True Yuan for him to devour, the power of this method could be multiplied infinitely.
Of course, this was under ideal conditions. In a real battle, it was hard to find a chance to devour other people's True Yuan. Also, it took a long time to accumulate True Yuan, so it wasn't practical in a real battle. But right now, it was very suitable …
This Little Butterfly must have a deep understanding of the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan. While thinking about this, Luo Zheng compressed the Heavenly Fiend True Yuan to its limit, and even the starlight within it was compressed. When the starlight was embedded within the dense True Yuan, they looked like dazzling diamonds.
"Let's go!" Luo Zheng forced himself to break through the barrier and dashed forward.
Right at this moment, Little Butterfly's chest was heaving up and down, and her breathing was disordered. She had been waiting for this moment for a long time, as obtaining the inheritance of a Sixth Grade Sect was extremely important to her.
However, right when Luo Zheng punched out his fist, he suddenly stopped.
"Why did you stop?" Little Butterfly furrowed her brows and asked.
Luo Zheng stared at the black True Yuan on his right hand and said, "I forgot something."
"What is it?" Little Butterfly said angrily. Even the Ice Phoenix was somewhat unstable. She didn't want any unexpected problems to arise at this time.
"I helped you obtain this key. What if you kill me?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"You …" Little Butterfly's face suddenly turned cold.
Luo Zheng asked a very realistic question. The world of martial artists was known for its cruelty, and killing people for treasures was as common as eating a meal. Not to mention, the crystal in front of him was the inheritance of a Sixth Grade Sect. A Sixth Grade Sect's inheritance was enough to tempt any force in the Central Domain!
There was no guarantee that Little Butterfly would kill him after obtaining this inheritance. For her, this was the safest way. Only the dead could keep secrets.
Luo Zheng had always been very obedient, but this didn't mean that he was a fool. He had no reason to trust this Little Butterfly of unknown origins.
"Don't worry, I won't kill you. I can even give you benefits, because I am …" Little Butterfly thought for a moment, and her face revealed a hesitant look.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't care who you are. You have a reason to kill me, so no matter what you say, it's not safe, unless you swear on your Martial Heart!"
No one was willing to swear on their Martial Heart, unless it was a life and death enemy, or something they had to do.
Swearing on the Martial Heart was more effective than swearing on the Heavens. Who cares about being struck by lightning? How could one be smashed to pieces? Heaven didn't have time to care about these trivial matters!
However, after swearing on the Martial Heart, a heart demon would form in one's heart. If one violated this oath, this heart demon might erupt at any time and devour one. Even if one resisted this heart demon, it would be even more difficult to make progress on the Martial Path in the future!
Therefore, it was very taboo for martial artists to swear on their Martial Heart. Similarly, swearing on the Martial Heart would have a strong enough restriction on oneself.
"Do you think you are qualified to make me swear on my Martial Heart?" Little Butterfly sneered and stared at Luo Zheng. She didn't expect this brat to play such a trick at such a critical time.
"If that's the case, does that mean I don't have to break the barrier?" Luo Zheng said with a sigh.
"You dare!" Little Butterfly said angrily.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, "Why wouldn't I dare …"
After figuring out the structure of this flood dragon, Luo Zheng also knew that as long as he didn't wander around in this flood dragon's body, there shouldn't be any danger to his life. As long as he could find a way out, there was no need to waste time here with her.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to leave, Little Butterfly was busy dealing with the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit. For a moment, she was a little flustered. How could she know that such a turn of events would occur at such a critical time?