Luo Zheng revealed a satisfied smile and said, "One more thing, I want half of all the inheritances of this Rank 6 Sect."
"Half?" Xiao Die's face began to emit a murderous aura, "Half of a Rank 6 Sect's inheritance, do you know what that means? You'll be stuffed to death! "
The Cloud Hall was only a Rank 4 Sect, and in the vast Central Domain, it could be considered a top Sect.
If this Rank 6 Sect was still standing, then all the Sects and various forces in the Central Domain would have to bow down to it, because there was only one Rank 5 Sect in the entire Central Domain.
Even if this Sixth Grade Sect of the Blood Demon Emperor had gone through a huge calamity, and with the passage of time, many of its inheritances might have been destroyed. But even so, the inheritances that were left behind were far from what the Cloud Hall could compare with.
Obviously, Xiao Die thought that Luo Zheng was too greedy.
Luo Zheng laughed, "Don't worry, I'm very magnanimous, I won't be stuffed to death! Of course, you can choose not to agree, but you can slowly play with that Fire Dragon! "
"Roar!"
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit let out a loud roar, and once again charged at the Ice Phoenix, causing it to sway from side to side. The ice on the Ice Phoenix's surface turned into steam from the high temperature.
Xiao Die could only calm her mind and instill cold Qi into the Ice Phoenix through the Jade.
It seemed that agreeing to this kid was her only choice, Xiao Die thought to herself. Thinking about it carefully, Luo Zheng's request seemed like an exorbitant demand, but with just him alone, how much inheritance could he get? What's more, he was a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and his heart was upright, not evil …
After thinking about it, Xiao Die seemed to have no other choice. Finally, she could only grit her teeth and say, "Fine, I agree! Half is half. I swear on my martial heart that I won't kill you, and at the same time, I'll give you half of this Rank 6 Sect's inheritance! "
Xiao Die said reluctantly. After all, she had plotted many times, and had entered the Trial Taker's Road three times to reach this point. It was hard for her to accept that she was going to be given half of it.
After hearing Xiao Die swear on her martial heart, Luo Zheng smiled, turned back to the barrier, and then punched the barrier with his left fist!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng's punch didn't cause any damage to the barrier, only leaving a red spider web on the barrier's surface.
In comparison, this barrier was much stronger than Yun Luo's barrier's barrier. Even the blood jade crystal's energy could only leave a very fine red spider web, which was almost indiscernible with the naked eye.
"Blood Jade's energy?" Little Butterfly's eyes darted around, her delicate and charming eyes filled with surprise.
How could this guy use the blood jade crystal's with his body Body's?
Not to mention the scarcity of blood jade crystals, they weren't widely used, so it was very difficult to get one. Even if one got one, it was usually embedded in one's weapon.
But how could Luo Zheng use the blood jade crystal's energy with his punch? Could it be that he embedded the blood jade crystal into his body? How was that possible?
Generally, many crystals rejected the human body, and some even contained poison. Even if the blood jade crystal wasn't poisonous, it would have a great impact on the human body. The fact that Luo Zheng could use the blood jade crystal's energy with his punch meant that he had really implanted the blood jade crystal into his body!
But how did he use this energy? His body wasn't a weapon …
Xiao Die could be considered an experienced and knowledgeable person. She could see through Luo Zheng's Cultivation Method and "Basic Swordsmanship" at a glance, but she couldn't see that Luo Zheng was actually a spiritual weapon. He was a weapon! Naturally, he could implant the blood jade crystal!
Although she was surprised, the possibility of using the blood jade crystal's energy to break the enchantment increased. Xiao Die also understood that she didn't choose the wrong person. How many secrets did this Luo Zheng have that she didn't know?
This enchantment was so stable that it was impossible to break it with just the blood jade crystal's energy, but it was enough to make a flaw appear in the enchantment!
Next …
"Break for me!"
This time, Luo Zheng's right fist blasted out, and the Heavenly Demon True Essence that had been compressed to the extreme was instantly released.
"Heavenly Demon God Fist!"
Because he had broken Yun Luo's enchantment before, Luo Zheng could be considered experienced. This fist followed the red spider web pattern, and the surging Heavenly Demon True Essence was like a torrent, pouring into the thin layer of enchantment.
This layer of enchantment contained a trace of space power and was really solid. Even if Luo Zheng did this, the enchantment still didn't break, but the entire interior of the enchantment was occupied by the Heavenly Demon True Essence.
At this time, Luo Zheng softly spat out a word, "Explode!"
The specks of starlight mixed in the Heavenly Demon True Essence suddenly exploded, blooming with a blazing white light, making it impossible to see anything.
"Clang Clang Clang Clang Clang …"
Cracks finally appeared on the enchantment, and then the cracks quickly spread from the bottom all the way to the top, and then it suddenly shattered.
"It's broken!"
Xiao Die, who had been suppressing the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit, was overjoyed. Her jade fingers gently pressed down, and the Ice Phoenix let out a cry, completely suppressing the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit.
But at this time, a purple light suddenly shuttled through, rushing straight into the furnace.
The speed of the purple light was extremely fast, but Luo Zheng and Xiao Die could see it clearly. It turned out to be a mini flood dragon.
"This is the essence of this flood dragon, Luo Zheng, catch it!" Qinglong's voice rang out.
But this little purple flood dragon obviously came prepared. The moment Luo Zheng broke the enchantment, it rushed into the furnace, hooked the crystal with its small tail, and began to flee!
"Hahaha, since I can get the inheritance of a Sixth Grade Sect, I can certainly reconstruct my body. I want to take back everything I lost!" The flood dragon's essence suddenly spoke human language, laughing shrilly.
How could Xiao Die be willing to let the flood dragon's essence snatch away the crystal she was about to get? No longer suppressing the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit, she hurriedly put the Ice Phoenix into the jade, turned around, and chased after the flood dragon's essence.
Luo Zheng also followed closely. Whether it was the crystal key or the flood dragon's essence, they were both things he needed!
However, the two of them didn't know that the Soul Departing Flame Dragon Essence that had lost the suppression of the Ice Phoenix had returned to the furnace. Soon after, the furnace was extinguished. But just as it was extinguished, a huge fire dragon suddenly shot out from inside! In an instant, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Spirit's body increased tenfold, and it also chased after Luo Zheng and Xiao Die.
The flood dragon's essence was very small, about the size of an arm. Its tail wrapped around the crystal key, and its flying speed was not slow at all. Fortunately, although the flood dragon's body was spacious, it was a long and narrow inner world. It was difficult for the flood dragon's essence to get rid of Xiao Die and Luo Zheng's pursuit for a while.
Xiao Die was really angry. Previously, she had been blackmailed by Luo Zheng, and had to swear on her Martial Heart. She didn't expect that the thing she had not been able to get after so much effort would be taken away by the flood dragon's essence. This was too hateful!
She took out the precious jade and squeezed it hard. The azure top-grade precious jade was crushed just like that. The Ice Phoenix inside the precious jade regarded the precious jade as its resting place. Now that the precious jade was crushed, it could only float around Xiao Die's body.
Xiao Die chased after it while chanting, "Sparkling ice and frost, extreme cold sacred beast, use me as your spirit and descend into my body!"
The tiny Ice Phoenix let out a Phoenix cry and immediately rushed towards Xiaodie. The sparkling and translucent ice light instantly wrapped around Xiaodie's body. It was as if she was wearing an ice armor, and two Phoenix wings appeared on her back! And under the wings, there were even long phoenix feathers that dragged on the ground. It was like an evening dress made of ice crystals, extremely beautiful.
"Did Xiao Die and the small Ice Phoenix fuse together?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
After fusing together, Xiao Die's speed suddenly increased several times, and she shot toward the flood dragon's essence!
Her speed was already extremely fast. Even Red Maple's movement technique could not keep up with half of her speed. At this time, her speed increased again, and almost instantly left Luo Zheng behind. At the same time, she caught up with the small mini flood dragon's essence.
This was a good opportunity for the flood dragon's essence to turn over. It was not easy to free itself from the seal. Encountering such an opportunity, it would certainly not let it go easily. It held on tightly to the crystal key and flew away. Fortunately, it was a soul essence, so it was almost weightless, and its flying speed was not slow.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh, whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Xiao Die waved her hand, and a row of ice crystal thorns shot out. The flood dragon's essence moved up and down, constantly dodging the ice crystals.
The missing ice crystal thorns nailed to the wall, and a fierce cold force was released. Suddenly, the wall was wrapped in a layer of frost, and at the same time, the wall was frozen and cracked.
The extremely cold force contained in the ice crystal thorns was actually so terrifying. If he was pierced by the ice crystal thorns, he was afraid that his whole body would immediately turn into an ice sculpture!
Although the ice crystal thorns were powerful, the flood dragon's essence was too agile. Under the reflection of the ice crystal thorns, not a single ice crystal thorns hit. Fortunately, the ice crystal thorns slowed down the flood dragon's essence, and the distance between Xiao Die and it was getting closer and closer.
The flood dragon's essence probably understood that it could not get rid of Xiao Die, so it suddenly made a sharp turn in the air and drilled into a crack in the wall next to it.
Xiao Die did not even blink. She spread out her slender lotus root-like arms, and with the Ice Phoenix Possession, two thin ice blades instantly appeared in her hands. The two ice blades were like beautiful ice flowers as she quickly waved them, and in an instant, they shattered the wall and rushed in!
Luo Zheng's speed was not slow. He just sighed that Xiao Die was really fierce. He followed closely behind and drilled into the big hole that Xiao Die had created.
As soon as he entered, he felt that something was wrong.
This so-called wall was actually a piece of meat inside the flood dragon's body, and the space inside had obviously not been processed or treated. Everywhere was a wall made of soft meat.
And above this space, there were small round balls floating one after another.
Xiao Die held the ice blades in both hands, looked up, and then said: "You can't escape!"
After saying that, she jumped up, dragging her long Ice Phoenix feathers, and rushed up.
However, at this moment, those small balls suddenly fell from the sky. Xiao Die did not think, and the ice blades in her hands danced wildly, instantly cutting those small balls into pieces.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
The moment those small balls were cut into pieces, yellow smoke suddenly burst out from the small balls, and immediately diffused in this space. This smoke contained a strong fishy sweet smell, a strange fragrance, and a bloody smell.
The moment Xiao Die was surrounded by the smoke, the flood dragon's essence rolled towards Luo Zheng and screamed: "I'll take your body first!"