Luo Zheng's goal was not only the crystal key, but also the flood dragon's soul. Luo Zheng had a starving Qinglong inside.
"Hey, this flood dragon's soul doesn't know what's good for it. Since it wants to possess you, let it in!" Qinglong's voice rang in Luo Zheng's ears.
Luo Zheng stood still and let the flood dragon's soul rush into his mind.
"Hahaha, this guy's soul is defenseless! When I devour your soul, your body will be mine! Although your body's cultivation is a little weak, its foundation is very solid. After I possess you and get the inheritance of this sixth-rank sect, I will definitely become an emperor! I will become the ruler of this world! "
The flood dragon's soul had been sealed for many years. When it entered Luo Zheng's mind, it laughed wildly as if it had gone mad.
However, what it said could really happen. The flood dragon's soul was far stronger than a human's soul. If the soul power of an ordinary person was not strong enough, they would not be able to resist its possession. Therefore, after entering Luo Zheng's mind, the flood dragon's soul was very proud of itself!
However, the Flood Dragon's Soul Essence's wild laughter came to an abrupt stop!
It saw a huge furnace. It was not afraid of the furnace, but it saw nine real dragons coiling around it! Each of them was very lifelike!
Among them, the Azure Dragon was looking at the mini Jiao Dragon in front of it with its dragon eyes.
"This, this, this … Real, Real Dragon!"
When a flood dragon met a Real Dragon, it would have an instinctive fear. That fear did not come from its strength, but from the fear in its blood!
Just like when a subordinate saw a superior, it would kneel down and worship. As a flood dragon, it was naturally much weaker than a Real Dragon. When it saw a real Real Dragon, the flood dragon's soul could not help but tremble. "Why is there a Real Dragon …"
The True Dragon above the mysterious furnace had no interest in talking to the essence of the flood dragon at all. If the nine True Dragons were in perfect condition, this level of flood dragon wouldn't even be enough to be their food.
But now that the nine Real Dragons were sealed, they had no choice but to eat this small flood dragon in front of them.
Therefore, Qinglong was willing to eat it, but it did not mean that the flood dragon's soul was very nourishing. It was like a homeless person who was starving to the limit and ate ants. It did not mean that the ants were delicious …
Qinglong opened its mouth and an invisible force pulled the flood dragon's soul over. The flood dragon's soul was sucked into Qinglong's mouth before it could scream.
After Qinglong swallowed it, the huge dragon's mouth chewed, and a satisfied expression appeared on his face. The flood dragon's soul was originally condensed from the flood dragon's soul and was of the same origin as Qinglong. It was the best way to nourish Qinglong's soul.
Luo Zheng did not care about the scene in his mind. In contrast, he was more concerned about the crystal key. When the flood dragon's soul appeared, the crystal key disappeared. Luo Zheng looked up and saw a flash. It turned out that the flood dragon's soul had hung the crystal key above.
The yellow powder in the air slowly dissipated, and Xiao Die walked out from the smoke. Her figure extended, and like a bird, she leaped into the air. She reached out and gently plucked the crystal key in her jade-like hand, and a faint smile appeared on her face.
She had waited for so long to get this crystal key. She did not expect that she would finally get it today.
But the moment she got the key, the head of a fire dragon suddenly poked in from the hole she destroyed!
"Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence! How can it be so big! "
Seeing such a big fire dragon, Luo Zheng and Xiao Die were shocked.
The power of this Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was not ordinary. Xiao Die had to be careful when dealing with a small Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence, so how could she deal with such a big one?
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence stared at the crystal key in Xiao Die's hand with a pair of fiery eyes. It suddenly roared and rushed over.
"Retreat!"
Seeing the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence rushing over, Xiao Die said with a dignified expression. Her delicate hand gently opened, and an icicle as tall as a person appeared on her wrist. Inside this crystal clear icicle was a small Ice Phoenix feather!
This was a real Ice Phoenix feather!
The small Ice Phoenix that Xiao Die summoned before was only visualized using her cultivation method. It was a "Visualization Spirit" that she cultivated.
Generally, many martial artists visualized all kinds of things, and after using them, they would dissipate. However, some people were able to cultivate a "Visualization Spirit". Xiao Die visualized this small Ice Phoenix for a long time, and this Ice Phoenix would never dissipate. It was like her pet, and its power was far stronger than ordinary visualized things.
However …
Although the Visualization Spirit was powerful, it could never be compared to a real Mythological Beast.
The Ice Phoenix was a Mythological Beast, and it was one of the more powerful Mythological Beasts. Just a single Ice Phoenix feather could erupt with terrifying power.
Little Butterfly placed her jade-like hand on the icicle. Suddenly, an extremely cold aura escaped from the icicle, forming layers of frost walls that rolled towards the Soul-departing Fire Dragon Essence at the entrance of the cave.
The mission of the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was to protect the ice crystal key. At this moment, it was desperate to take back the ice crystal key. Therefore, although the extremely cold aura was powerful, the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence was not to be outdone. The frost walls quickly melted and thinned under the scorching heat of its flames. Soon after, they were smashed into pieces by the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence.
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence kept hitting the ice crystal walls, but Xiao Die kept summoning it through the icicle. The two sides were actually in a stalemate …
"It's so cold …" Luo Zheng wiped his arms. The temperature in this space dropped sharply, and the surroundings were already covered with a layer of white frost.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that his head was in a bit of a trance. The fire dragon at the entrance of the cave was constantly attacking the ice pillar. The fire flickered, reflecting Xiao Die's slightly mature face.
A few strands of long hair hung on both sides of her cheeks. The armor condensed from ice crystals neatly and delicately outlined her small collarbone. Originally, the loose outer robes of the Cloud Hall disciples couldn't reveal her figure, but because of the close-fitting ice crystal armor, her proud and upright twin peaks were protruding out.
For some reason, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly beat very fast. His thoughts became clear in a flash. He blamed himself for thinking inexplicably at this time. However, the clarity only lasted for a moment, and Luo Zheng's eyes became confused again.
Xiao Die also noticed Luo Zheng's strange gaze. She wrinkled her eyebrows and glared at Luo Zheng. Suddenly, her petite and well-proportioned body trembled. She placed her left hand on the icicle, constantly urging the cold aura of the Ice Phoenix feather inside the icicle. However, her right hand habitually pulled up her long hair, revealing her delicate and white ears.
Why do I feel hot and restless?
Xiao Die was also somewhat puzzled. She almost instinctively felt that there was a problem with her body. She also instinctively sensed that something was wrong, but she couldn't get rid of this restlessness because this restlessness came from the deepest part of her soul. It was almost an instinct of her body.
She felt thirsty and swallowed her saliva. She even felt that her body had an inexplicable dampness. She had lived for so many years and her heart was calm. She had never felt this way before.
However, her strong willpower suppressed this strange feeling. She forcefully clasped her hands on the icicle and seriously resisted the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence at the entrance of the hole …
Compared to Xiao Die, Luo Zheng's willpower was definitely much worse. His clarity became less and less, and the time he was confused became more and more. His body even involuntarily twisted, and he took the initiative to reach out and grab Xiao Die's hand.
As soon as Luo Zheng grabbed her jade-like hand, he felt that her palm was also damp. Her palm was full of sweat. In this cold space, her body was so warm. Xiao Die's delicate and round hand wanted to slightly break free, but she didn't push it away. Instead, she let Luo Zheng hold it.
Xiao Die diverted more of her attention from the icicle. Her pair of bright eyes seemed to contain endless spring water, exuding the most charming luster in the world. She stared straight at Luo Zheng.
"Ao!"
Another dragon roar came from the entrance of the hole. The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence actually broke through the frost wall and entered the hole.
"Ah!"
In this crisis, Xiao Die let out a shallow scream. Almost reflexively, she poured her True Essence into the icicle. The icicle suddenly erupted with several times more frost Qi than before, and forcibly drove the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Essence out.
Although it was so cold, it couldn't extinguish the restless hearts of the man and woman. The two people's hands were tightly intertwined. They were so strong that they seemed to want to break each other's hands. It was as if they wanted to solidify their hands together!
Both of them had never tasted this feeling before, so they could only use this method to relieve the mania and desire in their hearts.
Luo Zheng's eyes were no longer clear. He took a step forward and stretched out his other hand to embrace Xiao Die. Although Xiao Die knew that there was still a great crisis in front of her, she didn't resist at all.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a faint dragon roar in his mind. This dragon roar was directed at Luo Zheng's soul. Luo Zheng suddenly felt as if his head was being pricked by needles, and then he instantly returned to normal.
"I, what's wrong with me!" Luo Zheng withdrew Xiao Die's hand in the blink of an eye. His face was full of disbelief. He seemed to have been controlled by something just now.
Qinglong laughed, "I have already warned you. The flood dragon is lascivious by nature. This is actually the part of the flood dragon's sex sac. The yellow powder you just inhaled is an extremely powerful natural knockout drug!"
The flood dragon's sex sac was a natural knockout drug, and was also a panacea in the eyes of many lechers! Especially in the eyes of some warriors who practiced the Acacia Unification Skill, it was an excellent medicinal pill for cultivation!
Although this huge flood dragon was made into a puppet, the part where it stored its penis was not destroyed. Instead, it was because the flood dragon's soul had run all the way in and was cut open by Xiao Die. The powder was the most powerful kind of knockout drug. In the Central Region, the price of this powder was only one coin, and it could be sold for a sky-high price.
"Knockout drug!" Luo Zheng's eyes widened, "Am I not invulnerable to poison?"
"This is knockout drug, not poison. You naturally can't resist it," Qinglong said lightly.
Luo Zheng secretly sighed. Fortunately, Qinglong helped him to remove the effects of the knockout drug!
However, when Luo Zheng raised his head, he saw that it was Xiao Die who was trembling as she extended her slender jade-like hand towards him.
Luo Zheng patted his head. He forgot that she also inhaled a lot of the yellow powder, and the amount she inhaled was much more than him …
＝＝＝＝＝