Xiao Die's eyes were really beautiful, just like the autumn pupils of a mountain stream. The enchanting colors in her eyes were constantly rotating, exuding an amazing temptation.
Even though Luo Zheng was now in a sober state, when he looked into her eyes, his heart was thumping fiercely, and he was at a loss of what to do.
If there was not a Fire Dragon at the entrance of the cave, step by step, Luo Zheng would very much like to admire this extremely beautiful face. The problem was that the Fire Dragon could rush in at any time, and this was not the time to admire a woman.
"Hey, hey!" Luo Zheng grabbed Xiao Die's shoulder and shook it twice, as if he wanted to wake her up.
But Xiao Die seemed to have completely lost her mind, and only relied on her left hand to transmit True Essence, urging the Phoenix feather in the ice pillar, while her right hand took the opportunity to wipe Luo Zheng's face.
Her cold and moist little hand slowly rubbed Luo Zheng's face, transmitting the most primitive desire in her heart.
Luo Zheng swallowed his saliva, and was in a daze, God knows how this could happen! He was just about to continue to speak, trying to wake Xiao Die up, but who would have thought that just as he opened his mouth, her finger would reach into Luo Zheng's mouth.
Luo Zheng felt Xiao Die's cold fingers, as well as her sweet sweat, and his mind was suddenly in a mess.
In the end, he was still a seventeen or eighteen year old boy, and even if he was sober, it was difficult for him to resist this kind of temptation. For a moment, Luo Zheng could not help but kiss her white and slender fingers.
At this time, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon at the entrance of the cave roared again, and once again rushed into the cave.
Luo Zheng, as if awakened from a dream, anxiously bit down along Xiao Die's finger.
"Ah!" Under the stinging pain, Xiao Die's mind slightly recovered, and she instantly withdrew her right hand, and at the same time released a large amount of True Essence, forcing the Fire Dragon out.
Unfortunately, this kind of sobriety was destined to be short-lived, because just after the Fire Dragon was forced out, Xiao Die still turned her face to look at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was going crazy. Finally, he said helplessly, "Forget it, I will deal with that Soul Leaving Fiery Dragon Spirit myself!"
Then he moved sideways to avoid Xiao Die's outstretched hand, and his arm heavily chopped at the back of Xiao Die's white and delicate neck. Xiao Die's strength was too strong. Although Luo Zheng's aim was to stun her, he still used 60% of his strength.
"Boom!"
After a muffled sound, Xiao Die fell into Luo Zheng's arms. Luo Zheng hugged her warm and soft body, and the faint fragrance mixed with the cold air drifted into his nose. He really felt a little reluctant to let go of her.
However, he still put it down because Xiao Die had fainted and was unable to control the icicle. Without the suppression of the cold air, the fire dragon had completely rushed in. It stretched out its huge body and looked down at Luo Zheng.
This Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit had been attacking for a long time, and it was obviously very angry. It was determined to turn this man and woman in front of it into ashes.
"I shouldn't have let her attack in the first place!" Luo Zheng was a little annoyed.
The Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit roared and rushed toward Luo Zheng. However, the moment it rushed over, the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit suddenly felt a trace of danger, as if it had encountered its biggest nemesis!
However, the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit's intelligence was not high. Although it felt fear instinctively, it did not know the source of the fear. In its intelligence, there was only one command, and that was to protect the crystal key. The two people in front of it had taken the crystal key, so they must die!
"Chirp!"
At this moment, a black flame suddenly shot out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. The small black flame was like a black kingfisher, greeting the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit.
The two were not on the same level at all, but after the black flame rushed up, the flames on the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit's body were constantly shrinking. First, the dragon's head was quickly swallowed by the black flame, then the dragon's body, and finally the dragon's tail. The huge body of the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit was twisted into small flames, and turned into a thin flame tongue that was sucked into the black flame.
In an instant, the black flame cleaned up the Soul Leaving Fire Dragon Spirit. After circling in the air, it made a "chirp chirp" sound, and then flew back to between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
Everything returned to normal, and only the icicle with the phoenix feather was emitting white cold air.
Luo Zheng looked at the unconscious Xiao Die, and then reached out to hold her in his arms. Her body was very petite, and it felt very light when he held her. It was really hard to imagine that such a thin body actually contained such a strong explosive force.
After walking out of the cave, Luo Zheng leaned her against a wall outside and put her down.
The crisis was temporarily resolved, but Luo Zheng seemed to be unable to find the way out. It seemed that he still had to wait for her to wake up. He hoped that after she woke up, the effect of the knockout drug would wear off.
Luo Zheng sat next to her, cross-legged, and began to meditate. He could not keep looking at her in a daze. When she woke up, Luo Zheng adjusted his body and began to cultivate.
Usually, Luo Zheng could always immerse himself in cultivation very quickly. Once he entered that wonderful state, he would often forget the time. If he was not careful, several days and nights would pass.
But today, Luo Zheng found it difficult to concentrate. He would open his eyes from time to time and look at the woman in front of him.
Although Xiao Die had fainted, the ice crystal armor transformed from her ice phoenix did not disappear. The long phoenix tail wrapped around her legs, as if she was a phoenix curled up on the ground.
Her eyes were closed, and her dense and slender eyelashes trembled from time to time. It was unknown what kind of dream she was having.
Luo Zheng was originally a person with strong willpower. Whenever he cultivated, his mind would not be distracted, and there would not be the slightest distracting thought. But because of what happened next to the icicle today, it was difficult for him to suppress his restlessness.
It was really too torturous!
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only get up and return to the cave, and carry the icicle out again. Sitting next to the icicle, surrounded by layers of cold air, Luo Zheng's heart finally calmed down, and his whole person was once again immersed in cultivation.
This time, Luo Zheng was pulled into the flood dragon's mouth by Xiao Die. He did not get much benefit, but it nourished Qinglong and Hei Huo, which was not bad.
As Luo Zheng immersed himself in cultivation, time gradually passed …
After an unknown amount of time, Luo Zheng still had his eyes closed, and the vital essence in his body was circulating.
At this moment, a fierce wind suddenly hit him in the face. Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and saw a palm hit his chest. His whole body flew out horizontally and hit the wall heavily.
Xiao Die stood there, her long phoenix feathers scattered all over the ground. She gritted her silver teeth and asked sternly, "You, what did you do to me?"
Luo Zheng turned over and got up. He wiped his chest. The strength of this palm was not very strong, and he had the body of a high-grade spirit weapon. But being hit for no reason, Luo Zheng said with a depressed and very innocent face, "What did I do? I didn't do anything to you! You should ask me, what did you do to me? "
Hearing Luo Zheng's rhetorical question, Xiao Die's face turned red, but under the cover of a cold air, her face returned to normal.
Although she was in a daze at that time, how could she not remember what had just happened? She was very clear that the two of them did not cross any bottom line. But she, who was always high and mighty, still could not accept such a shameful thing!
Kill him?
According to Xiao Die's temper, Luo Zheng was definitely a person who must be killed!
But she suddenly remembered that she had sworn to her Martial Heart that she could not kill him.
For a moment, Xiao Die was also somewhat at a loss, and there was even some hesitation and confusion on her face.
If Fei Han and the others saw this expression on her face, they would be so surprised that their jaws would fall to the ground. This woman who was swift and decisive, who had been in the Central Domain for so many years, was actually hesitating? She was also confused?
After thinking about it, Xiao Die could not think of a solution. Finally, she gritted her teeth and said to Luo Zheng in a cold voice, "I hope you can forget about this matter! Give me the crystal key! Let's go get the treasure! "
Luo Zheng threw the crystal key to Xiao Die, curled his lips, and muttered, "Forget it, forget it, as if I have to remember it all the time …"
"What did you say?" Xiao Die turned around and said angrily.
"No … nothing."