On the way back, both of them were silent as they traversed through the inner world of the flood dragon.
Perhaps it was because they were a little awkward, or perhaps it was because of their grudges.
The two of them walked up to the head of the Jiao Dragon. Luo Zheng looked at the tightly shut mouth of the Jiao Dragon. A few huge dragon teeth were intertwined together, and there were many runes carved on them. Most likely, the Demon Blood Emperor must have modified the dragon teeth when he was making this Jiao Dragon.
But with the dragon teeth tightly shut, how were they going to get out?
Even if they got out, most of the floating rocks above the abyss would have been destroyed. They couldn't fly either, and it would be difficult to climb up the abyss.
Luo Zheng was thinking about the problem of getting out when Xiao Die snorted coldly. She stabbed the crystal key into the wall beside her. This wall should be the back of the flood dragon's mouth, but it had been modified. There were many unique runes engraved on it.
Xiao Die followed those runes and stabbed the long and narrow crystal key in.
The moment it pierced in, Luo Zheng felt a tremor under his feet. Then, he heard the sound of chains scraping against the outside. He felt himself rising continuously. Xiao Die was actually controlling the flood dragon puppet!
Luo Gongzheng stared at Xiao Die in bewilderment. Xiao Die laughed coldly, "This Jiao Dragon Puppet is the guardian saint beast of the Demon Blood Emperor. It's normal for the key to control it."
As the chains scraped against the walls of the abyss, when the flood dragon puppet reached the peak, there was another violent tremor. At the same time, the sound of chains breaking could be heard. Clearly, Xiao Die was controlling the flood dragon puppet, and directly broke the chains binding the flood dragon's body.
Suddenly, a huge flood dragon appeared in the sky above the path of the Trial Challengers.
Zhuo Bufan, Hua Tianming, and the rest who had passed the Path of Death earlier, were now in front of everyone. After passing the Path of Death, they directly entered the fourth stage of the Trial Challengers' Road, the Soul-Shaking Icefield. They also discovered a hidden reward on the Soul-Shaking Icefield.
Their gains were especially great, especially Hua Tianming, who actually got a high-grade immortal weapon as a reward. Even Zhuo Bufan didn't get such a high reward. It could only be said that Hua Tianming's luck was even better than Zhuo Bufan's.
Just as they got the hidden reward and were about to move on, they suddenly saw a huge flood dragon appear in the sky …
The few of them were startled, and they looked at each other with horrified expressions.
Why did a flood dragon appear in the sky? Was it the flood dragon in the abyss? Didn't it swallowed the disciple of the Cloud Hall and Luo Zheng? Why did it rush into the sky …
They were full of doubts.
Looking at the flood dragon soaring in the sky, Zhuo Bufan sneered. "Don't worry about it, let's move on. After passing the Path of Death, our fourth stage of the Trial Challengers' Road will be different from others. There may be greater rewards later!"
Above the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, many martial artists had already stepped onto the path of survival. Although over a hundred stone pillars had been broken in the middle of this path, after formulating a careful plan, everyone still managed to pass through without any mishaps. Only one martial artist had been accidentally burned by the magma.
Just as everyone passed through the Path of Life, these warriors also saw the flood dragon in the sky.
"Heavens, what a huge dragon!"
"Why is there such a huge dragon in the Trial Challengers' Road? What is the purpose of this dragon … "
Many warriors looked at the huge flood dragon and felt a burst of fear and trepidation. Fortunately, the flood dragon kept moving away and didn't fly towards them. Otherwise, it would have brought disaster to them.
Outside the Trial Challengers' Road, Fei Han and the others noticed the gazes of many disciples and hurriedly adjusted the angle of the letter tablet to look at the sky.
On top of the letter tablet, a gigantic flood dragon appeared.
"This is a flood dragon, and it's an adult flood dragon that has lived for at least 50,000 years!" Seeing this huge flood dragon, Fei Han's face was also shocked. Fei Han could see the age of this flood dragon, but he couldn't see that this flood dragon was actually dead. It was just a flood dragon puppet.
"Why would a 50,000-year-old adult flood dragon appear on the Trial Challengers' Road?" The other Sect Masters also frowned.
Even they couldn't fight against this kind of thing, let alone the disciples on the Trial Challengers' Road. As long as this flood dragon wanted to, it could destroy all the disciples in an instant.
These Sect Masters and Fei Han probably knew the origin of this Trial Challengers' Road. Whether it was the ruins they were in or the Trial Challengers' Road, they were all left behind by a sixth-grade Sect. Since they were left behind, there must be some restriction or even a guardian sacred beast.
If a disciple accidentally activated this restriction and released the guardian sacred beast, the fate of the disciples on the Trial Challengers' Road could be imagined!
Even the guardian sacred beast might rush out of the Trial Challengers' Road and attack them, so they would be in danger.
"Fortunately, this adult flood dragon seems to have left …" Seeing the flood dragon disappear, several Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han were slightly relieved.
Little Butterfly constantly manipulated the flood dragon puppet to change its direction. She even took out a letter tablet from her bracelet. Through this letter tablet, she could observe the scenery outside. At this moment, they were soaring above the vast and boundless Burning Heaven Sea of Fire.
"What are you looking for?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Little Butterfly stared at Luo Zheng bitterly and didn't speak. The resentment in her heart was still very deep. She had never suffered such a big loss in her life, but she couldn't do anything to him!
She focused on controlling the flood dragon puppet, constantly searching the sky above the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. She searched very carefully.
"Found it!" Little Butterfly saw a lonely island in the middle of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire. There was no passage on this island, so it was an isolated island.
Moreover, outside this isolated island, there was a huge blood-red barrier that enveloped the entire island.
"Go down." Little Butterfly immediately controlled the flood dragon to drill down. When the flood dragon rushed towards the blood-red barrier, a huge hole suddenly appeared on the barrier, and the flood dragon drilled into this hole.
There were many buildings on this island, and there was a huge square at the entrance. In the center of the square, there was a huge black pillar.
Just as Luo Zheng was wondering why such a pillar was erected in the square, Little Butterfly controlled the huge flood dragon to coil around the black pillar. Finally, the flood dragon's head crawled on the ground, and the dragon's mouth suddenly opened wide.
Walking out of the dragon's mouth, Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at the black pillar. It was only then that he understood that this was a Coiling Dragon Pillar. The gigantic body of a Jiao Dragon couldn't just lie down on the ground casually. Otherwise, it would take up too much space. The Blood Demon Emperor sure knew how to think of a way to construct a Coiling Dragon Pillar.
On this huge square, there was a huge hall. On the plaque above the hall were the words "Blood Demon Hall". It seemed like this was the Blood Demon Emperor's former residence.
Little Butterfly didn't choose to enter the Blood Demon Emperor's former residence directly. Instead, she walked towards a stone platform in the middle of the square. Her long Ice Phoenix feather dragged on the ground, and Luo Zheng followed closely behind her.
On this small stone platform, there was actually a two chi square crystal, emitting a faint glow. However, this crystal was missing a piece in the middle.
Little Butterfly looked around, then glared at Luo Zheng, and said, "You better get closer to the stone platform."
"Why?" Luo Zheng approached the stone platform.
Little Butterfly didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she directly placed the crystal key in the groove of the stone platform.
The moment the crystal was placed, the ground began to shake, as if there was an earthquake. The entire square shook non-stop.
"Rumble …"
During the shaking process, Luo Zheng saw spots of light on the ground. These spots of light weren't caused by the sun. In fact, there was no sun in this world. The spots of light on the ground should be some kind of special rune.
These runes were of different sizes. Some runes were like giant flower petals, while others were like rotating gears. Their shapes and sizes were all different.
The only similarity was that these runes were constantly rotating in one direction. When these runes reached a certain speed, from the center of the rune, a thin and long light would shoot out in all directions!
These thin and long light rays drew out arcs, as if they were connecting the entire trial path. What Luo Zheng didn't know was that one of these light rays was the hidden trial in the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire!
When the light rays shot towards the hidden trial, Zhao Xiaohua was lying on the second level of the stone platform. His entire body was burnt. If one didn't look carefully, it would be hard to imagine that he was a person.
In this mountain valley, the other disciples of the Cloud Hall had already left. Zhao Xiaohua was the last one to go up. He wanted to be fully prepared, so he had dragged it out until now.
Just like Luo Zheng and Red Maple, he had taken the first level's red treasure chest. Of course, he had consumed a lot of Zhen Yuan and physical strength, so Zhao Xiaohua had chosen to take advantage of the situation. In any case, this hidden trial didn't have a time limit, so he chose to sit here and meditate. First, he would restore his physical strength and physical condition to the best!
After spending a lot of time, Zhao Xiaohua finished recovering and climbed to the second level, full of confidence. That Xiantian third stage boy had been able to get the silver treasure chest. As a top disciple of the Cloud Hall, he couldn't even get the second level's blue treasure chest. This was simply a joke!
Therefore, facing the second level's cave that was filled with flame tongues and fireballs, he clenched his teeth and forcibly endured it!
After he had passed the second level's trial, Zhao Xiaohua was already exhausted and his body had suffered serious burns. The only thing that kept him going was the temptation of the blue treasure chest.
As long as he could get the blood soul of the Hydra, he would obtain a formidable power of Qi and blood, and his body would be able to recover in a short time!
However, his injuries were very serious, so his crawling speed on the stone platform was too slow. Even though he had only covered a distance of less than ten feet, it was as difficult as walking on the horizon.
"So what if it's difficult? For this Hydra blood soul, it's worth it! "He clenched his teeth and crawled forward.
After spending a lot of effort, he finally crawled to the front of the blue treasure chest. Just as he was about to reach out and open the treasure chest, suddenly a light ray shot down and enveloped the blue treasure chest.
Then, he saw the blue treasure chest hover and fly up along with the bright light ray … …