How could Zhao Xiaohua have imagined that after spending so much effort to finally climb to the front of this blue treasure chest, it would disappear in the end?
In fact, it wasn't just that chest that flew away. All the chests flew away at the same time along that ray of light. Even the two gold and black treasure chests at the highest level were the same.
"What, what the hell is going on!" Zhao Xiaohua's face was full of bitterness. At this moment, he didn't even have the strength to curse.
This kind of thing didn't just happen in this valley.
On the fourth stage of the road of the Trial Taker, "Soul-Shaking Icefield", Zhuo Bufan had personally assassinated three Ice Demon Snowmen. Stepping on these three sick Ice Demon Snowmen, he had finally climbed to a new level.
In order to kill these three Ice Demon Snowmen, not only did he use his strongest skill, he even used the three amulets given to him by his father. There was no need to mention the value of these three amulets. He had never used them when he was facing a life and death crisis, but today, he threw them out without hesitation.
Zhuo Bufan was also helpless. The rewards in this dangerous place were very generous. The rewards after killing these three Ice Demon Snowmen should be far beyond his imagination.
When he climbed up the ice brick steps, what entered his eyes was a pool of blood that was emitting steam!
"This pool of blood …" He raised his head and looked at the wall beside him. There were a few words written in bold and flamboyant calligraphy, "Flood Dragon's Blood Pool".
Flood dragon's blood!
Although it was far from the blood of a real dragon, soaking in it would probably bring unimaginable benefits to his body.
Even if he had to spend those three amulets, it would definitely be worth it!
Zhuo Bufan was overjoyed. He quickly walked towards the pool of blood, but before he could get close, a ray of light suddenly shrouded the pool of blood. Then, the pool of blood flew along with the light …
"Hmm? Why is it flying? " Zhuo Bufan was not someone who would give up so easily. In the face of the sudden change, he was not fast enough. The long spear in his hand touched the ground, and he was about to catch up with the pool of blood. However, when he came into contact with the beam of light, he was fiercely bounced away and rolled down the ice brick steps.
"Brother Bufan! What's wrong with you? "Jin Qiaoning's expression changed greatly. She hurriedly rushed up and helped Zhuo Bufan up.
Out of the five of them, only Zhuo Bufan managed to pass the test on the Soul-Shaking Icefield. The three Ice Demon Snowmen were too strong. Even Zhuo Bufan had to use all his trump cards and almost paid the price of his life to pass. Just as he was about to succeed, he did not expect that the blood pool would fly away at the last moment!
"What, what the hell is going on!" Zhuo Bufan broke free from Jin Qiaoning's support, stared at the flying blood pool and roared unwillingly.
Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Red Maple looked at the sky with strange expressions on their faces. There was more than one ray of light in the sky. There were seven or eight rays of light crisscrossing in the sky. What was happening in the Trial Challenger's Road?
This kind of thing was happening in all the hidden trials of the Path of Trials. In addition to the Path of Death and the Burning Heaven Sea of Flames, the Path of Life and even the numerous forks at the entrance also had light shining in.
With such a huge commotion, it was impossible for Elder Fei Han and the others to not know about it!
"What the hell is going on? Why is there such a strange movement in the Trial Challenger's Road? "Elder Fei Han said with a shocked expression." I have to report this matter directly to the Hall Master! "
Shi Jingtian looked at the light in the sky and shook his head. "Although the Trial Challenger's Road is a broken space, it would take at least hundreds of thousands or even millions of years for this space to be completely destroyed. So, it should still be in a relatively stable stage now. Why would there be such a huge movement? Could it be related to the adult dragon? "
"It's useless to report to the Hall Master. The Hall Master has been in seclusion and hasn't come out. He can't even see anyone," said the Sect Master of the Lucky Cloud Sect.
"But what about the disciples who entered the Trial Challenger's Road? If this strange movement takes their lives, it will be the greatest loss to our Cloud Hall! "Grandmother Long said anxiously.
The Cloud Hall would select disciples from the Trial Challenger's Road every three years. Those who passed the Trial Challenger's Road would be able to enter the Cloud Hall and become an elite disciple. They would be trained by the Cloud Hall. If this batch of elite disciples were all killed, it would be a great loss to the Cloud Hall.
"Now, we can only wait and see. I hope this isn't a bad omen!" Fei Han's face was ashen. He looked at the scattered light in the sky through the letter tablet.
Luo Zheng, who was standing on the square, finally understood why Xiao Die asked him to stay closer to the stone platform.
He also understood why there were light spots in the square. It was these light spots that directly attracted the treasures and treasure chests that were originally scattered on the Trial Challenger's Road.
"Clang, clang …"
Several treasure chests fell heavily on the square.
"These treasure chests!" Luo Zheng's eyes widened. These dozen or so red treasure chests were the treasure chests hidden in the Trial Challenger's Road. Every time he obtained a red treasure chest, he had to pay a considerable price. He didn't expect that he would just casually throw them here.
"Clang, clang …"
Before Luo Zheng could recover from his shock, another six or seven blue treasure chests appeared. Then, there were three silver treasure chests. Then, there were two gold treasure chests. There was also a black treasure chest.
Seeing so many treasure chests, Luo Zheng's mouth was wide open. He had an extremely shocked expression on his face. Maintaining this expression all the way had already made his face stiff and numb.
Luo Zheng had only obtained a silver treasure chest. From it, he had obtained the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》, the Demon Blood Emperor's Saint Class cultivation technique. What exactly was inside the gold and black treasure chests?
The temptation inside could be said to be huge!
"You obtained one of the chests?" Xiao Die suddenly asked when she saw Luo Zheng staring at the treasure chests.
Luo Zheng nodded.
Xiao Die swept her gaze over the chests again. She discovered that one of the silver treasure chests was missing. There were only three left. She frowned, "You obtained three treasure chests? Were you the one who obtained the silver treasure chests? "
There were a total of five silver treasure chests in the hidden trial's valley. Previously, one of them had already been taken away. Now, there were only three left. This silver treasure chest had obviously been taken by someone else. That was why Xiao Die asked this question.
Seeing Luo Zheng nod, Xiao Die's face revealed an astonished expression. Xiao Die was very clear on how difficult it was to obtain these silver treasure chests.
Although she could obtain them with her strength, she had only tried once. Later on, she had an opportunity to understand the truth of the Trial Taker's Path. Since then, she didn't waste her time in the Burning Heaven Flame Sea's hidden trial.
After all, no matter how powerful she was, she wouldn't be able to obtain all of these treasure chests in one go. She might as well carry out this grand plan and directly open the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritance. She would obtain all the treasures on the Trial Taker's Path in one go!
If she wanted to take, she would take everything. She would take the best!
Luo Zheng was just about to walk over. Since half of these treasure chests were destined to belong to him, he should at least open one to take a look. He didn't expect that just as he took two steps, Xiao Die would suddenly pull him back.
Following which, a round object suddenly came crashing down from the sky with a loud bang. Even the big bricks on the ground of the square were smashed apart.
The object that fell from the sky was the blood pool!
Although the blood pool had been violently shaken and smashed down, the flood dragon's blood was incomparably viscous. Even the blood droplets that sputtered out eventually jumped back into the blood pool.
"This … What is this thing!?"
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what this blood pool was, just the aura emitted by the blood made Luo Zheng feel that it was extraordinary.
"It's just flood dragon's blood. I'll let you soak in it later. Don't walk around. Wait until the treasures are almost all dropped before you go!" Xiao Die said with dissatisfaction. She had a conflicted feeling in her heart. She clearly hated this guy, so why did she save him?
Wouldn't it be better if he was smashed to death by this blood pool? Anyway, as long as he wasn't killed by her, it wouldn't have any effect on her heart of martial arts!
However, his talent was worth nurturing. If he was really smashed to death by this blood pool, it would be an invisible loss to the Cloud Hall …
Just like that, Little Butterfly found a suitable excuse for herself.
"Bang!"
At this moment, something else fell from the sky. It was a fruit tree. There were ten fruits on this ancient tree, and each fruit was different in size and color.
When Xiao Die saw this fruit tree, a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on her face!
"The Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree!"
Xiao Die had never seen the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree before. This legendary fruit tree was probably the only one in the Central Domain who had seen it.
It was just that when Xiao Die had participated in the most famous underground auction in the Central Domain, she had seen a Dao Fruit by chance. That Dao Fruit had been stored for thousands of years, but it was still full and round. According to the auctioneer, this was a Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit!
It was said that there were only ten Heaven Extinction Dao Fruits in the world. After eating one, another would grow on the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree. It was impossible for an eleventh Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit to exist at the same time!
Moreover, each Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit had a different effect. But no matter which Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit it was, they all had miraculous effects and were rare treasures.
"I didn't expect, I didn't expect the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree to be planted in the path of the Trial Challengers. So it belonged to the Blood Demon Emperor. I didn't expect it either … the foundation of a sixth grade sect is really unimaginably deep!" Xiao Die murmured, "If the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree has ten Heaven Extinction Dao Fruits, then the one I saw in the underground auction must have been eaten by someone. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree to have ten Dao Fruits!"
Luo Zheng didn't know why Xiao Die was so happy, but he could figure it out with his feet. This ancient tree was definitely not ordinary. Anyway, half of the inheritance here belonged to him, so he could split it into five. There were ten fruits on this tree, so if he ate half of them, he would get five. It was very worthwhile, very worthwhile …
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about the taste of the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit, a shadow appeared in the sky. This shadow directly stabbed towards the ground!