Just like that, the huge sword was stuck into the ground, and half of the blade was buried in the ground!
This huge sword was three meters tall and three feet wide. It was completely black, and there were some fine blood-red patterns on the black blade.
Just by being stuck in the ground, this huge black sword emitted a powerful aura, as though a ferocious beast was standing there.
Just the top half of the sword was about the same height as Luo Zheng. Such a huge sword, it was probably not meant for humans to use, right?
"This is the sword of the Demon Blood Emperor," Xiao Die glanced at the huge sword indifferently. In her eyes, even though this sword was precious, it was not suitable for her to use. Hence, she was not as interested in the Heaven Extinction Dao Tree.
In fact, this wasn't Xiao Die's first time seeing the Demon Blood Emperor's sword. This was because this sword was right at the entrance of the Path of the Trialtakers. As long as one passed the Path of the Trialtakers, they would be able to see this sword eventually.
Of course, there were many who tried to pull it out. Many Cloud Hall disciples tried, including those with innate strength, but they were all unable to pull it out.
The reason why this sword was too heavy was because no matter how heavy it was, a Divine Reflection disciple could barely pull it out. It was just that this sword was fixed to the ground by a barrier, and if one could not break the barrier, they would not be able to take it out. Hence, no one had been able to take it away.
Now that the sword was stuck in the square, the enchantment that bound the huge sword had also disappeared.
"The Demon Blood Emperor should be a human too. How could he use such a huge sword?" Luo Zheng stared at the sword and asked.
Even though with the Demon Blood Emperor's strength, it would not be difficult for him to wield this sword, but for a human to wield it, there would definitely be many inconveniences. Hence, Luo Zheng could not understand.
Xiao Die pouted, "Even though this sword belongs to the Demon Blood Emperor, who said that it has to be used by him? Could it be that the Demon Blood Emperor doesn't have a sword spirit? For example, if his sword spirit is a huge monster, or if he infuses it into the sword, it would naturally be a huge help to the Demon Blood Emperor … "
"Sword spirit?" Luo Zheng's heart shook when he heard Xiao Die's words.
The Sword of Flowing Light in his hand had been destroyed by the puppets, so Luo Zheng had always been using Blooddrinker. In this way, his sword spirit, Yao Ye, would not have a sword to use.
However, if Yao Ye were to use this sword ….
Even though Yao Ye was tall and slender, he was almost a head taller than Xiao Die, and about the same height as Luo Zheng, it would probably be very difficult for him to wield the sword.
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes shift, Little Butterfly sneered, "Don't tell me you also have a sword spirit …" Little Butterfly had seen Luo Zheng's perfect sword intent before, but the cultivation of sword intent and sword spirit were two different paths. Generally speaking, it was hard for Little Butterfly to imagine that a Xiantian lifeform could have a sword spirit.
As soon as she finished speaking, the specks of blood red light within Luo Zheng's body had already condensed into a human figure, and it slowly condensed into Yao Ye's slender and graceful figure. He had sharp ears, a practically perfect appearance, and a figure that was almost as tall as Luo Zheng ….
. "He really has a sword spirit!" Xiao Die sighed with emotion when she saw the red light float out from Luo Zheng's body. Even though she was sure of Luo Zheng's natural talent because even she didn't possess such ability when she was at the 3rd level of the Congenital Realm, Luo Zheng's hidden strength had greatly exceeded Xiao Die's imagination.
Not only did he possess a sword spirit, his sword spirit had even taken human form.
However, Xiao Die couldn't help but feel a trace of anger when she saw Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Yao Ye. "You really are a bastard. Even your sword spirit has transformed into a woman like this."
She was naturally referring to Yao Ye.
The Yao Ye Clan's habits and customs were completely different from humans. She wore very little clothing, and it was like a plant or a leaf that wrapped around her chest. At the same time, it shrunk down to reveal her slender waist. More than half of her snow white thighs were exposed, and her legs were simply ridiculously long.
In Xiao Die's eyes, she naturally became a 'woman like this' when she wore such revealing clothing.
Normally speaking, a sword spirit would take human form according to the obsession in the swordsman's heart. However, Luo Zheng's sword spirit came from a slightly special source, and it wasn't like what Xiao Die imagined at all.
Luo Zheng wanted to refute her words, but he didn't know where to start.
Actually, Xiao Die was naturally able to discern that Luo Zheng's sword spirit hadn't taken human form through the normal process of condensing a sword spirit.
Xiao Die walked in front of Sword Spirit Yao Ye, raised her head, and sized up Yao Ye's peerlessly beautiful face. She sneered, "Your Sword Spirit is already extremely condensed. If you know the 'Sword Spirit Sword Control Technique', you can indeed use the Blood Demon Emperor's enormous sword."
"The Sword Spirit Control Technique?" Luo Zheng asked with a puzzled expression.
"It means that a sword spirit can use a sword to fight. That way, the sword spirit wouldn't just strengthen its own sword, and it could even use it as a clone." Xiao Die gazed at Luo Zheng as if she was looking at an idiot.
Many swordsmen worked hard to nurture their own sword spirits because they hoped to use the sword spirit as a clone. Even though Luo Zheng possessed a sword spirit, he didn't seem to know anything about it.
"Are you talking about this?" Luo Zheng tossed his Blooddrinker to Yao Ye. Yao Ye's aura changed abruptly when she caught Luo Zheng's Blooddrinker.
When Yao Ye just stood there, she was like a block of wood that didn't have any expression or imposing aura. However, once she held a sword in her hand, her imposing aura was completely different. Strands of slaughter energy erupted from her, and then she executed a sword dance under Luo Zheng's orders.
Every single step, every single swing of the sword, every single glance, and every single sharp gaze was a part of the sword dance. It was a dance that was completely natural, and it seemed to be done casually. However, there were a myriad of stances, and it was extremely beautiful. Layers of killing intent were hidden within the enchanting and swift sword dance. Every single movement could take a life. At this moment, the sword and the dance had completely fused together.
"… …"
Xiao Die was stunned as she stared blankly at Yao Ye's sword dance.
The more powerful a person was, the more they could see the extraordinariness of the sword dance.
For example, Hua Tianming was able to discern that the sword dance was extraordinary, and Shi Jingtian was able to discern that the sword dance could be utilized to its limits. However, Xiao Die was much stronger than both of them. As a renowned figure in the Central Domain, she was actually unable to find any flaws in the sword dance, and the significance of this was completely different.
If she was a swordsman, she would definitely ask Luo Zheng to teach her this sword dance!
Luo Zheng stared at Xiao Die as he asked, "Is this considered a sword control technique?"
Xiao Die glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. This fellow is doing this on purpose, right? After that, she said, "It is! However, if you want to control the sword, you need to infuse a part of the sword spirit into the sword to be able to drive it. "
With a command in Luo Zheng's heart, numerous red specks of light flickered out from Yao Ye's body, and then Yao Ye's body seemed to have dimmed down slightly once those specks of light were extracted from him.
After that, Luo Zheng poured those specks of light into the sword, and the fine markings on the sword started to emanate a red glow.
"Rise!"
Yao Ye flashed over under Luo Zheng's command, and his figure that was practically weightless leaped onto the sword's hilt. After that, his fair and slender hands grabbed the hilt lightly, and then the sword shook before he pulled it out by the roots.
The 3m long enormous sword was a colossus even to Yao Ye, and it didn't seem to be compatible with his figure at first glance. However, it was completely different when Yao Ye executed the sword dance smoothly. It was like he was born with the ability to control this enormous sword!
In the end, Yao Ye withdrew his attack and stabbed the sword firmly into the ground. After that, he transformed into specks of light from the sword spirit and returned to Luo Zheng's body along with the sword spirit within the sword.
"I'll take this sword!" Luo Zheng smiled. Obviously, he was very satisfied with this.
"I didn't say I wouldn't give it to you!" Xiao Die glared at him. Actually, even she felt that the sword was extremely suitable for Luo Zheng. If his sword spirit was equipped with this sword, then his strength would rise to a whole new level.
Meanwhile, the rays of light in the sky were growing dimmer and dimmer while bits and pieces of things were falling down incessantly.
For example, Crimson Lightning Violet Dark Iron, Meteoric Iron, and so on and so forth were falling down in piles. In the end, a medicinal field was drawn over by the rays of light. When the medicinal field arrived at a corner, Xiao Die's beautiful brows suddenly raised, and then she swiftly moved over.
The most important thing about spirit herbs was their age. The Blood Demon Emperor had left for so many years, so the spirit herbs within the medicinal field had probably been there for a few thousands of years without anyone taking care of them. If such rare spirit herbs could survive, then they would probably be able to be sold for an astronomical price!
"This medicinal field …." As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Xiao Die suddenly turned around and grabbed Luo Zheng before tossing him forcefully, "This medicinal field has nothing to do with you. Soak yourself in it!"
After Luo Zheng's figure soared into the air, he drew a parabola in the air before smashing heavily into the pool of blood. As soon as he fell in, Luo Zheng instantly felt a wave of boiling heat come from his skin!
The temperature of the flood dragon's blood is actually so high!
Since Luo Zheng obtained the Equipment Refinement Physique, he was able to endure the temperature of ordinary flames. However, the flood dragon's blood wasn't made of flames, yet it was able to make Luo Zheng feel boiling heat. It was extremely strange indeed.
However, this boiling heat only lasted for a while before he slowly adapted to the temperature. Not only did he not feel uncomfortable, but he also felt very comfortable, as if he was soaking in a hot spring.
Soaking in so much flood dragon's blood, Luo Zheng's pores all over his body opened and began to absorb the nutrients in the flood dragon's blood. Gradually, he closed his eyes and began to cultivate.
Seeing Luo Zheng concentrating on cultivating, Xiao Die pursed her lips and began to concentrate on tidying up the spirit herbs and spirit herbs in the medicinal field. This time, she wanted to restore her strength, but she still lacked several key herbs. She hoped to find them in this medicinal field.