Luo Zheng's cultivation speed wasn't slow, but when compared to those geniuses, it wasn't outstanding.
Even when compared to those noble families in the Eastern Region, he was still inferior. For example, when Luo Zheng accepted his first mission from the Blue Cloud Sect, Meng Changjun was only at the first Xiantian realm, but when Luo Zheng saw him again, Meng Changjun was already at the fifth Xiantian realm.
But, in order to improve one's cultivation at such a rapid speed, one had to pay a price. If one used some pills to forcefully improve one's cultivation, one would have to pay the price of having an unstable foundation. Once one's foundation was unstable, it would affect one's future progress.
But, in the Eastern Region, Divine Reflection warriors were strong enough to dominate an area, and most of them had never thought about breaking through to the Divine Core realm, or even higher realms!
Luo Zheng's foundation was extremely solid, and when the time was right, Luo Zheng would suppress himself. When he couldn't suppress himself any longer, Luo Zheng would allow himself to break through. This was the same as overflowing with energy, and after accumulating a certain amount of energy, he would naturally break through to the next realm.
After stabilizing his cultivation, Luo Zheng didn't move around. He continued sitting in the Flood Dragon's blood pool, breathing out and meditating. Although the Flood Dragon wasn't a real dragon, its blood was still filled with powerful and pure energy. Allowing this energy to cleanse his body would bring him great benefits.
But, even Luo Zheng could only absorb a limited amount of the Flood Dragon's blood. The Flood Dragon's blood was extremely precious even in a Sixth Grade Sect, and that was why they used such an exquisite blood pool to store it. After absorbing the Flood Dragon's blood for so long, the amount of Flood Dragon's blood in the pool hadn't decreased by much.
Right at this moment, a chuckle suddenly sounded out in Luo Zheng's mind.
After Qinglong devoured the Flood Dragon's soul essence, it seemed like he had become more active. Perhaps it was because the Flood Dragon's soul essence had nourished his soul, allowing Qinglong to stay awake for longer periods of time.
"What are you laughing at?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That … this Flood Dragon's blood, can I devour it?" Qinglong asked with a smile on his face.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He didn't expect Qinglong to feel embarrassed. Before this, he would always try his best to get whatever he wanted.
Perhaps it was because he had just obtained the Flood Dragon's soul essence, as a True Dragon, he felt embarrassed to ask Luo Zheng for it.
"It's just that this flood dragon's blood doesn't belong to me alone. No matter how you look at it, half of it belongs to Little Butterfly." Luo Zheng's face revealed an awkward expression. In fact, Luo Zheng wanted to squeeze something out of this Azure Dragon.
Qinglong's blood's blood.'s blood Flood Flood Dragon's blood in the Flood Dragon's blood's blood,'t ''s's split split the Flood Flood Dragon's blood pool't.'t't't't''s it's blood't '' '''s blood to split, ''t's to't't's blood,''t ''t't't't't''t't't's blood, it ''t't't''t ''s???!
Qinglong '''t to '' '' '' '' ''s to to' to's to find? Although it was in Luo Zheng's mind, he only needed to sense it to recognize the value of these things.
In fact, in Qinglong's eyes, whether it was the Lunar Numbing Grass or this pool of Flood Dragon's blood, they were just trash. Even the extremely precious Tian Jue Dao Fruit Tree could only be evaluated as "average". If it weren't for his current situation, he would never've absorbed the Flood Dragon's blood. He cared so much about this pool of Flood Dragon's blood because he had no choice but to do so.
"But if I really absorb this pool of Flood Dragon's blood, I'm afraid that girl won't let me off easily," Luo Zheng said stubbornly, with a sly look in his eyes.
Qinglong pondered for a moment, then said, "Boy, tell me, what do you want? I can teach you! But you can't bear the Cultivation Methods of our True Dragon Tribe. If you want Cultivation Methods, I can't give you too many. Even if I give you, you won't be able to use them! "
"I didn't mean that. You said it yourself." This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to laugh.
"In that case, I'll teach you a set of methods of making runes! This set of methods can be regarded as the pinnacle of our True Dragon Tribe's attainments in runes, "Qinglong said.
In fact, Qinglong had long planned to teach Luo Zheng something. With Qinglong's knowledge and insight, even a little bit of knowledge could benefit Luo Zheng immensely. However, Luo Zheng's current cultivation and realm were too low. There were many things that Luo Zheng couldn't understand, or he couldn't use them.
However, the secret technique of making runes could be taught to Luo Zheng. After all, there were too many runes in this world, and there were many things that needed to be used. If Luo Zheng could become an outstanding runemaster, many troubles would become a lot easier.
For example, the Illusory Matrix Masters in the Eastern Region were actually a variant of runemasters. However, Illusory Matrix Masters used many unique runes to build Illusory Matrices. A large-scale Illusory Matrices usually consisted of hundreds of runes, or even thousands of runes. If they were disassembled, Illusory Matrix Masters should still be considered runemasters.
Refining weapons also required runes. Inserting some special runes during the refining process could greatly increase the success rate of refining weapons, and even increase the grade of weapons. Refining elixirs also required runes for the same reason as refining weapons.
Luo Zheng did have a way to make money, and that was the Heaven's Derivation Essence. He even once wanted to rely on the Heaven's Derivation Essence to become a weapon refiner. However, Luo Zheng had only mastered the smelting of weapons, and Luo Zheng had never tried the most important task of refining weapons.
Under such circumstances, it would be best if Qinglong was willing to teach him a set of rune secret techniques.
Therefore, as soon as Qinglong finished speaking, Luo Zheng immediately said with a smile, "That's great! You can absorb all the flood dragon's blood! Anyway, I've already absorbed it once. "
"You brat …" Facing Luo Zheng's open blackmail, even Qinglong was somewhat helpless.
Little Butterfly recorded all the spiritual herbs in the herb garden. She had to be especially careful when handling these spiritual herbs. If she touched them carelessly, it would often cause immeasurable losses. For example, if she touched the Cherry Cultivating Grass carelessly, its roots would let out a mournful cry like a baby, and then the grass would wither within a breath, completely losing its value. Another example was the Fire Dragon's Saliva. As long as she touched it slightly, she would be contaminated with fire poison, which was very difficult to expel.
After Little Butterfly finished handling these spiritual herbs according to a special method, she remembered that Luo Zheng was still soaking in the blood pool. There were a few spiritual herbs here that could be added to the blood pool, which could purify his Vital Essence, wash his Dantian, and stabilize his cultivation.
She was not a stingy person. Moreover, how could Little Butterfly not see Luo Zheng's potential? With such a cultivation, he already had a sword spirit that could transform. Such a person, if he grew up in the Cloud Hall, would have a limitless future. It was easy to imagine the benefits he would bring to the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, she dug out the spiritual herbs and walked to the side of the blood pool. Her pair of beautiful eyes glanced at it, and suddenly she was stunned.
"Where is the flood dragon blood!" Little Butterfly never thought that Luo Zheng would soak in it for a while, and the flood dragon blood would be gone. How could this be!
This flood dragon blood was not an ordinary thing! Even if it was not comparable to the True Dragon's blood, it was still extremely difficult for ordinary people to absorb it. It was already amazing if one could absorb dozens of drops of flood dragon blood after soaking in it once! Not to mention there was a flood dragon blood pool here! Not to mention Luo Zheng, even if she forcibly absorbed the flood dragon blood, she was afraid that her body would explode and she would die.
"Flood dragon blood? I was careless just now and absorbed it all! " Luo Zheng rubbed his head and laughed. He was a little embarrassed that he had given all the flood dragon blood to Qinglong.
"You! You really absorbed it … "Little Butterfly's eyes widened as she sized up Luo Zheng. No matter what, she could not imagine how Luo Zheng absorbed so much flood dragon blood.
However, Luo Zheng had been in the blood pool all this time, and he had no way to transfer the blood away. He should not be lying …
"A pool of flood dragon blood ah!" Little Butterfly's face revealed a gloomy expression. There was no need for her to soak in the flood dragon blood now, but if this pool of blood was placed in the Cloud Hall, it would be an excellent reward.
"We agreed to split it half. Since you have absorbed so much flood dragon blood, I don't need to give you those treasure chests!" Little Butterfly said angrily.
"How can you do this!" This time, Luo Zheng could not take it anymore. "You took away the spiritual herbs in the herb garden. Just the value of the Lunar Numbing Grass alone is worth more than this pool of flood dragon blood. Do you think I am a three year old child who can be easily fooled?"
"Are you still a man?! If you are so calculative, then won't you split the Demon Blood Emperor's giant sword in half! "Little Butterfly immediately retorted.
Therefore, this man and woman sat in the pile of Sixth Rank Sect inheritances and quarreled …
This quarrel did not last long. In the end, the two still decided to open the treasure chests first.
They would first determine what was in the gold and black treasure chests, and then discuss the distribution of the treasures.
＝＝＝＝＝