In the beginning, they agreed to split the treasures in half. Thus, Luo Zheng also received a share of the red and blue treasure chests.
After splitting the red treasure chests, Luo Zheng received seven. He already knew that the black substance in the red treasure chests was the soul essence refined from the Black Nightmare Essence. It could directly affect the soul without any side effects. It could be used to strengthen one's soul, or it could be used to exchange for good value.
The blue treasure chests were even more precious. The Nine-Headed Dragon Blood Soul. Luo Zheng took three out of the six blue treasure chests.
However, looking at the pile of blue treasure chests, Luo Zheng stared straight at Xiao Die.
"What are you looking at me for!"
Xiao Die's temper wasn't good. Although she promised to give Luo Zheng half of the inheritance, seeing so many good things being taken by Luo Zheng alone, it would be strange if Xiao Die didn't feel heartache! Fortunately, Xiao Die's heart of martial arts belonged to the more open-minded type. If it was a narrow-minded person, they would probably feel heartache at this moment.
"My spatial ring doesn't have enough space." Luo Zheng helplessly waved his hand.
Luo Zheng's spatial ring was still the first one. Xie Lang's spatial ring didn't have much space, but it was enough for Luo Zheng at that time.
Now, facing so many treasure chests, it was difficult to stuff them all in.
"Xiu!"
A silver light flashed towards Luo Zheng. It was a spatial ring that Xiao Die threw over.
Luo Zheng took it and checked it for a while. The space in the spatial ring gave him a fright. Looking at the vast space in the spatial ring, it could probably fit half of the island.
Just the value of this spatial ring was not cheap. Unfortunately, the design of the ring was for women. There was a small, lifelike phoenix on it.
"Not bad, this ring can be used for now." Luo Zheng laughed.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xiao Die's face was covered with a layer of cold air. This brat was really insatiable!
After splitting the red and blue treasure chests, Xiao Die opened the remaining three silver treasure chests.
As expected, the three silver treasure chests contained three soul jade slips. The jade slips recorded the cultivation techniques of the Demon Blood Emperor.
Luo Zheng already had the Demon Blood Emperor's ultimate skill, the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel. He didn't have much thoughts about the remaining three soul jade slips. After all, one shouldn't bite off more than one could chew.
Thus, Luo Zheng directly gave the three soul jade slips to Xiao Die. This made Xiao Die was very satisfied.
As for the three secret manuals of the Demon Blood Emperor, she probably wouldn't be able to cultivate them herself. However, if she were to use them as rewards, even the elders of the Cloud Hall would be willing to fight for them.
Controlling a fourth-rank sect was not an easy task, not to mention that there were five second-rank sects under the Cloud Palace. Among them, the Palace Masters, Elders, Deacons, and elite disciples of the Cloud Palace had to be paid and rewarded.
After the Silver Treasure Chest was opened, only two Gold Treasure Chests remained.
The first gold treasure chest contained a palm-sized golden stone inscription. Moreover, it was a damaged stone inscription.
Seeing this golden stone inscription, Xiao Die's eyes lit up again!
When Luo Zheng saw this small golden stone inscription, he couldn't pull his eyes away from it. This feeling was similar to when Luo Zheng saw the Sun, Moon, and Stars Diagram.
"You … can understand it again?" Xiao Die glared at Luo Zheng. She didn't believe it!
This golden stone inscription contained the Law of Space. Xiao Die could tell at a glance. In her Cloud Hall's exclusive Sumeru Space, there was such a stone inscription. Entering the Sumeru Space to visualize the stone inscription, if one's perception was strong, they could comprehend a little bit of the Law of Space.
The stone inscription in the Cloud Hall was also damaged. However, that stone inscription was green. The Law of Space it contained was far inferior to this golden stone inscription!
Generally speaking, only those who had comprehended a little of the Law of Space would have a greater chance of comprehending the Law of Space within the golden stone inscription.
If an ordinary martial artist came into contact with this stone inscription for the first time, they would treat it like an ordinary stone. If they picked it up from the ground, they would even throw it away.
When Xiao Die saw Luo Zheng pretending to stare at the golden stone inscription and comprehend it calmly, a mocking expression appeared on her face. She didn't believe that Luo Zheng could even comprehend the Law of Space!
At such a realm, not only did he cultivate Perfect Sword Intent, but his Sword Spirit Manifestation was also enough to make people speechless. Xiao Die could also feel that Luo Zheng's soul was far larger than others of the same realm. If he could really see through the Law of Space, then it was a bit too much.
However, Xiao Die's mocking and mischievous expression only lasted for ten breaths of time. After ten breaths of time, her expression froze and was replaced with surprise and disbelief …
After Luo Zheng entered the "Path of Death", he didn't display the power of Space. On the contrary, he used it once when he took the silver treasure chest. Elder Fei Han and the several Sect Masters knew this, but Xiao Die didn't.
She watched as the golden stone inscription's light slowly dimmed. It was clear that Luo Zheng had comprehended the power of Space within the golden stone inscription. He really was comprehending the Law of Space!
The power of Space contained within this type of stone inscription was not infinite. Just like the green stone inscription in the Cloud Hall, if the power of Space was abundant, it would emit a faint green light. If an Elder were to comprehend it once, the green light would dim and the stone inscription itself would need to be repaired. Only after the power of Space was restored could it be comprehended again.
This was also why the Cloud Hall strictly limited the time to comprehend the Space stone inscription.
The same was true for this broken golden stone inscription. When Luo Zheng was comprehending it, the golden light on it was constantly dissipating. This showed that Luo Zheng was really comprehending the Law of Space, so the power of Space on the golden stone inscription was constantly weakening.
Xiao Die originally planned to mock Luo Zheng, but now she didn't say anything. She once again evaluated the value of this young man in her heart.
When she first saw Luo Zheng, Xiao Die only felt that Luo Zheng was a top genius in a second-grade Sect. It was just that his cultivation was relatively low, but his future potential was great.
After all, each of the people in the Road of Death had great potential. Not to mention the most outstanding Zhuo Bufan, there was also the Blue Cloud Sect's Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and Jin Qiaoning. None of them could be underestimated.
But after Luo Zheng displayed the "Heavenly Demon God Fist" and even the perfect sword intent, Xiao Die's evaluation of Luo Zheng was higher than that of Zhuo Bufan. This was also for Xiao Die to drag Luo Zheng into the flood dragon's mouth at the last moment.
However, Luo Zheng's current performance had exceeded Xiao Die's imagination! Even the top disciple of the most powerful fifth-grade Sect in the Central Domain would find it difficult to compare with Luo Zheng!
The Eastern Domain was a barren land in Xiao Die's eyes. Over the years, there had not been any particularly amazing disciples. Xiao Die couldn't figure out why such an unusual person suddenly appeared in a second-grade Sect. Because whether it was the inheritance of cultivation methods or the investment of various resources, the disciples of the Eastern Domain could not even compare with one-tenth of the Central Domain!
It was like two long-distance runners. From the start, the warriors of the Eastern Domain had lost.
"Right, that Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence! That Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was not killed by me! Why … "Xiao Die's beautiful eyes widened again. She had actually forgotten about this matter!
At that time, Xiao Die had been drugged and her mind was not clear. She could not resist the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence at all! When she woke up, the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence had disappeared. This could only mean one thing. The Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was killed by Luo Zheng.
However, Xiao Die had never been so close to a man for so many years. Just the memory made her feel embarrassed. She did not even dare to think about it, so the matter of the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was automatically ignored by her.
Now that she suddenly thought about it, Xiao Die naturally felt that something was wrong.
No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, after all, his cultivation was here. The giant Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence was not something that Luo Zheng could deal with! So how did Luo Zheng do it? How did he kill the Soul Departing Fire Dragon Essence?
Xiao Die did not intend to ask. She guessed that Luo Zheng would not tell her either. However, Xiao Die was sure that Luo Zheng was hiding a huge secret.
"This young man will be famous in this continent in the future …" Watching Luo Zheng earnestly comprehending the golden stone inscription, Xiao Die thought in a daze.
After a long time, the light on the golden stone inscription gradually dimmed and finally disappeared. Luo Zheng's eyes were stained with a touch of gold. Obviously, he had comprehended a lot of Space Laws.
After looking away from the golden stone inscription, Luo Zheng looked at Xiao Die and smiled, "What did you just say?"
Xiao Die had originally wanted to taunt Luo Zheng by saying, "You can understand it?". However, Luo Zheng had already used his actions to slap Xiao Die's face. When he asked again, Xiao Die only coldly snorted. She was too lazy to talk nonsense with this arrogant guy. She turned her hand and opened another golden treasure chest.
Luo Zheng had no use for the item in this golden treasure chest. It was an array diagram, which was the Sect Protecting Great Array of the Sixth Grade Sect.
With such a Great Sect Protection Array, it could greatly enhance Cloud Palace's ability to defend against external enemies. Naturally, it was of great use to Little Butterfly. However, it was not a simple matter to set up a Great Sect Protection Array. Thus, the array diagram of the Great Sect Protection Array naturally belonged to her.
Luo Zheng did not say anything about this. The Sect Protecting Great Array was a good item, but it was worthless to him.
Now, only the last black treasure chest was left.
Even Xiao Die was very careful when opening the black treasure chest.
Red, blue, white, and gold treasure chests were considered normal. However, the last treasure chest was actually black, which made people feel strange.
If the Demon Blood Emperor had placed some mechanisms or even curses in it, the consequences of opening it would be unpredictable.
However, when he opened the black treasure chest, he saw a black oil lamp sitting peacefully inside.
This oil lamp was so inconspicuous that it looked like a small oil lamp used by ordinary people. Luo Zheng was puzzled, but Xiao Die's beautiful eyes were wide open.