Luo Zheng didn't know what mysteries this black oil lamp held, but when Xiao Die saw it, she felt as if she was struck by lightning. In comparison, the Blood Demon Emperor's various inheritances were nothing.
Whether it was the Heaven Extinction Dao Fruit Tree or the Flood Dragon Blood, they were all the inheritances of a sixth rank sect.
Obtaining these inheritances might be able to bring the Cloud Hall to another level, but for the current Cloud Hall, it was just icing on the cake.
Because the Cloud Hall's strength was already rapidly increasing. Although it was a fourth rank sect, it was still one of the top fourth rank sects. As long as Xiao Die's strength increased and she mastered her techniques, it was very likely that the Cloud Hall would enter the ranks of fifth rank sects!
But this little oil lamp was different.
In a place tens of thousands of miles away from the Central Domain, in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there was a huge immortal tomb.
Just from the name alone, one could tell that this immortal tomb was the tomb of an immortal.
Even immortals couldn't escape the erosion of time. After becoming an immortal, their endless lifespan was almost unimaginably long, but they still couldn't resist the erosion of time.
If an immortal wanted to die, they had to go through the five signs of decay. When an immortal lived for tens of thousands of years or even tens of thousands of years, their body would have some irreversible changes. First, it would be 'dirty clothes', then 'wilting on the head', then 'sweating under the armpits', and finally 'stinking body'. When it evolved to 'not happy this seat', the immortal would die.
These five signs of decay were the so-called five signs of decay.
It was said that this immortal called Daoist Tian Miao was also an ascender of this great world. That year, this ascender roamed the upper realm for tens of thousands of years before returning to his homeland. At that time, this immortal had already stepped into the last sign of 'not happy this seat'.
A hundred years after returning to his homeland, he built a tomb for himself at the bottom of the Chaotic Astral Ocean and buried himself in it. Thus, this tomb was called Tian Miao Immortal Tomb.
Since it was an immortal's tomb, naturally there would be people who had designs on it. In this world, there were too many martial artists who were willing to take great risks, but there were also many who lost their lives for it! The Chaotic Astral Ocean was originally a forbidden area for humans, not to mention how powerful immortals were. Even if it was a graveyard, it was far from what ordinary martial artists could trespass.
For tens of thousands of years, numerous cultivators had gained nothing in the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb because not a single person had entered it, and the number of people who had died was innumerable.
After realising that they couldn't enter, the number of martial artists who had designs on this immortal tomb gradually decreased. Therefore, the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb was peacefully sleeping in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
But two thousand years ago, several small oil lamps suddenly appeared in the Central Domain. These oil lamps looked very ordinary, just like the oil lamps used by ordinary people. The only difference was that at the bottom of these oil lamps were the words "Heaven's Expanse".
Because of these two words, all kinds of rumors began to spread!
It was said that these oil lamps were the spirit guarding lamps of the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb. As long as nine oil lamps were lit at the same time, one would be able to enter the tomb through the oil lamps.
At that time, the experts in the Central Region had collected a total of six Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamps. These six Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamps were controlled by the experts of the Fourth-grade Sects and the Fifth-grade Sects.
In order to enter the tomb, these experts had discussed lighting up the spirit lamps at the same time. However, with only six spirit lamps, it was clearly impossible to open the tomb of the Misty Sky Immortal. As for the remaining three spirit lamps, they were nowhere to be found. The biggest possibility was that they had been lost among the common people, hidden in the hands of some hidden expert.
It was naturally wishful thinking to try and find such a small oil lamp in the vast Central Domain.
Therefore, the various sects finally came up with a solution, which was to set up a "Lantern Festival".
This "Lantern Festival" was held every year. To the common people, it was a festival where they lit up lanterns and released sky lanterns. This day was a grand event for children. Children carried all kinds of lanterns as they walked through the streets.
But to the experts of the Central Domain, it was the time to light up the spirit lamps of the immortal tomb!
They announced to the world that they hoped the person who had the lamp would be able to light up the spirit lamps at the same time!
At the edge of each immortal tomb spirit lamp, there was a small imprint. When the other spirit lamps were lit up, one of the imprints would light up.
Year after year, the Lantern Festival passed just like that. Two hundred years ago, only six of the spirit lanterns lit up during each Lantern Festival. This meant that only six spirit lanterns were lit up in the tomb.
However, one hundred and fifty years ago, during the Lantern Festival, seven spirit lamps lit up in the tomb! In other words, someone had obtained the seven lamps and was prepared to break into the immortal tomb. This was because he couldn't rule out the possibility that some people had obtained the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb, but because they were too weak, they didn't dare to enter the immortal tomb!
150 years ago, after the seven spirit lamps had been lit up, another 120 years passed. In other words, 30 years ago, the eighth spirit lamp was finally lit up!
In an instant, all the martial artists of the Central Domain felt their blood boil. Several fourth-grade and fifth-grade sects were fully prepared. They only needed to wait for the last spirit lamp to open the passage to the tomb. There were even rumors that the last spirit lamp would be lit up within three years!
Who would have thought that this wait would be 30 years?
"To think that after so many years of waiting, the last spirit lamp of the tomb would be in the hands of the Blood Demon Emperor … If I hadn't unlocked the inheritance of the Blood Demon Emperor, I'm afraid this spirit lamp would never have been lit." Xiao Die said faintly.
Hearing Xiao Die's explanation of the origin of the spirit lamps, Luo Zheng let out a long sigh. Who would have thought that an immortal tomb would be so attractive?
I wonder if this Misty Sky Immortal Tomb is related to that immortal abode? However, no matter how good the abode was, Luo Zheng was unable to open it with his current strength. He could only be considered as the temporary owner and could not use anything in the abode.
"This spirit lamp …" Luo Zheng pointed at the small oil lamp.
"The spirit lamp is mine …" Xiao Die dragged out her words. Probably because she saw Luo Zheng's dissatisfied expression, she continued, "You're from my Cloud Hall anyway. If there's a chance to light up this spirit lamp, I'll naturally bring you along."
"Who would believe you! Besides, are you from the Cloud Hall? Can you prove it? You haven't revealed your identity yet! "After hearing Xiao Die's words, Luo Zheng was even more certain of the importance of this spirit lamp. He would not give it up so easily.
Xiao Die glared at Luo Zheng again. "Do I look like a bad person?"
"Hiding your identity, changing your appearance, sneaking into the Trial Taker's Path, and scheming for the inheritance of the Demon Blood Emperor. Don't you think you look like a bad person?" Luo Zheng laughed.
It seemed that it would be very difficult to convince Luo Zheng. After thinking about it, she took out a token from her bracelet and threw it to Luo Zheng. "This is my voice transmission token. In the future, you can directly transmit your voice to me in the Cloud Hall!"
"The Cloud Hall's token?" The token that Xiao Die handed over was snow-white. On the back, there were white clouds engraved. In the center, there was a beautiful "Die" character.
A token alone was not enough to determine the authenticity of Xiao Die's identity. However, Luo Zheng had some guesses as to whether Xiao Die was from the Cloud Hall.
This was not Xiao Die's first time entering the Trial Taker's Path. Only the Cloud Hall and a few second-grade sects under the Cloud Hall had the authority to open it. If she was not from the Cloud Hall, it would not be so easy for her to sneak in.
However, Luo Zheng's action just now was to force Xiao Die to reveal her identity, so that he wouldn't have to guess. It seemed that she would rather give him the token than reveal her identity. Luo Zheng didn't have a good way to deal with this.
Most of the inheritance left behind by the Demon Blood Emperor was here. Although Xiao Die believed that this was not all of the inheritance of the Demon Blood Emperor, she believed that the Demon Blood Emperor had already ascended. These things that he left behind were just things that the Demon Blood Emperor could not use and were not the most important things.
However, just these things alone were enough to help Luo Zheng a lot.
As for the rest of the things, Luo Zheng used the female sumeru ring to store some of them. The rest of the things were temporarily taken away by Xiao Die.
After dividing up the various treasures in the plaza, Xiao Die once again entered the Blood Demon Hall to search around. She didn't find anything of value. Only then did she contentedly take out the crystal key from the stone platform in the plaza and board the flood dragon puppet.
Speaking of the inheritance of the Demon Blood Emperor, this flood dragon puppet was also a very important treasure. Although in Qinglong's eyes, because this puppet had already sucked away all of its blood and Qi, there was no value in devouring it. However, as a huge flood dragon puppet, it had an immeasurable value to the Cloud Hall.
For example, if there was a sect war, this flood dragon puppet was enough to become a weapon of war. With a dragon roar or even a sweep of its tail, it could cause immeasurable losses to the opposing sect.
Riding on the flood dragon puppet, they flew across the sky of the Road of the Trial Takers. Many warriors who were still struggling to move forward could only look up and worship it.
Of course, Zhuo Bufan and the others also saw the giant flood dragon in the sky. In fact, Zhuo Bufan had a little doubt. Was it possible that Luo Zheng and the mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall were not dead? Perhaps this flood dragon was a test on the Road of the Trial Takers? Or even a shortcut to directly pass through the Road of the Trial Takers?
After all, after Luo Zheng and the disciple of the Cloud Hall fell, this flood dragon appeared in the sky. There was a certain degree of coincidence in itself.
However, the possibility of this coincidence was not high! Zhuo Bufan did not believe that Luo Zheng and the disciple of the Cloud Hall could survive under such circumstances.
Zhuo Bufan did not think too much about it. He was not in the mood to think about it. He watched the blood pool fly away in front of his eyes, and he also wasted three amulets. This kind of blow almost made him lose interest in anything.
He was like a gambler who had lost all his fortune. He really did not have the mood to pay attention to whether others had won or lost.
After a while, the flood dragon puppet stopped at the exit of the Road of the Trial Takers. The huge dragon mouth opened, and Luo Zheng jumped down first. Luo Zheng looked back and asked, "Aren't you going out with me?"
Xiao Die smiled slightly, and then her expression suddenly changed. With a cold snort, she stretched out her hand and controlled the dragon mouth to bite him. The flood dragon shook its tail and flew into the sky again, leaving the baffled Luo Zheng standing in place.
This woman was really unreasonable. Luo Zheng shook his head and walked toward the vortex at the exit.
At this moment, Zhuo Bufan and the others were still moving forward on the fifth stage of the Road of the Trial Takers. Most of the warriors were concentrated on the fourth stage, and only one person was left alone at the end.