Under the arched door, the Sect Leaders and Elder Fei Han had been waiting for a long time.
Among the five Sect Leaders, Shi Jingtian had the worst expression on his face.
The three disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect had entered the Path of Death and there was no news of them. No one knew if they were dead or alive. The biggest possibility was that they had all been wiped out.
Only one disciple from the Lucky Cloud Sect, the Colorful Cloud Sect, and the Cloud Hall had entered. Although they were all elites, their situation was much better than the Blue Cloud Sect. At least their sects had not been wiped out.
Originally, Shi Jingtian had high hopes for them!
This year's three disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect, no matter which one of them was taken out, they could be ranked first or second in other sects.
In this Path of Trials, the Blue Cloud Sect should be in the limelight and Shi Jingtian should be in the limelight.
However, because of the 'Path of Death', they had suffered heavy losses!
Shi Jingtian's expression was ugly. The other Sect Leaders and Fei Han were also silent.
Although Zhuo Bufan's death would not affect Elder Fei Han's position, Fei Han still had to personally explain to Mister Zhuo.
Amidst this silence, the crystal on the arched door suddenly lit up, and the whirlpool spun faster.
"Eh?" Elder Fei Han had a strange expression on his face. "What's going on? Someone came out? "
"How is that possible? It can't be so fast! "Shi Jingtian's face was also full of astonishment.
However, these Sect Leaders were all extremely intelligent people. How could their brains work so quickly? Through Xin Gui, they understood that most of the disciples were struggling at the end of the fourth stage. There was still the fifth stage of the Path of Trials before they could exit. It would take at least a few hours for them to come out.
If someone came out at this time … it would most likely be Zhuo Bufan and his group!
"They passed the Path of Death?"
Just as the Sect Leaders had this thought, a figure had already come out of the whirlpool.
"Luo Zheng!" Shi Jingtian exhaled fiercely and shouted.
At this moment, it was difficult for others to understand the excitement in this burly expert's heart.
He had always believed that Luo Zheng's luck was exuberant. Every step he took seemed to be arranged by the heavens. Therefore, when he learned that Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's younger sister, he suspected that Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's guide! After breaking through to the Divine Core realm, many warriors believed in fate, and they believed in something as intangible as luck.
From Shi Jingtian's point of view, Luo Yan's tragic experience seemed to have been deliberately arranged by fate, attracting Luo Zheng towards the peak of martial arts …
Even though it was just a conjecture, Shi Jingtian was willing to believe it. He felt that it was impossible for Luo Zheng to perish on the path of a trial challenger!
At this moment, Shi Jingtian had verified his conjecture. Naturally, he was very excited. What made him even more excited was that Luo Zheng had easily obtained first place in the Road of Trials!
The first place in the Road of Trials had always been taken by the disciples of the Cloud Hall. There had never been an exception since the ancient times.
Before this, Shi Jingtian didn't even dare think about it. But, Luo Zheng had easily broken through this barrier. Furthermore, his speed this time was ridiculously fast.
According to the previous speed, it would take about 160 True Origin Stones on top of the arched door to get the first place disciple to walk out. But this time, Luo Zheng had only used 100 True Origin Stones. Did he find some kind of shortcut?
Seeing Luo Zheng walk out, Granny Long from the Rosy Cloud Sect, the old man in white from the Lucky Cloud Sect, and the others stretched their necks as well, hoping to see Jin Qiaoning, Red Maple, and the others behind Luo Zheng.
After waiting for some time, they still didn't see any reaction from the whirlpool.
Granny Long's expression darkened. She dashed out like a ghost and arrived in front of Luo Zheng in an instant. She placed her dragon head walking stick on Luo Zheng's neck and asked with a stern voice, "Brat, where is Jin Qiaoning from the Rosy Cloud Sect?!"
How powerful was the energy of a Divine Core warrior?
Granny Long's strength was almost on par with Shi Jingtian's. The energy she unleashed was like a huge mountain pressing down on Luo Zheng, causing him to have a hard time breathing. If it was a weaker warrior who was suppressed like this, his qi and blood would be obstructed, and his chest would be constricted. In the worst case scenario, he would be severely injured and fall to the ground.
But, in the Path of Trials, Luo Zheng's soul had been strengthened, and his body had been soaked in the Flood Dragon's blood, and he had swallowed the Hydra's soul. Therefore, Luo Zheng's aura was only slightly affected, and his expression immediately returned to normal.
Old woman, I don't owe you anything. Luo Zheng was a stubborn man. If Granny Long asked him nicely, Luo Zheng would have told her about Jin Qiaoning. But, she insisted on suppressing him with her energy. A mocking expression emerged on Luo Zheng's face. With an indifferent tone, he said, "I don't know!"
"You don't know?" Granny Long sneered. "You obviously entered the Path of Death together with Zhuo Bufan and the others. Could it be that my eyes are crooked? Did I see wrongly? If you don't tell me, I'm afraid you won't be able to live peacefully today. I advise you to … "
Granny Long was halfway through her words when she suddenly felt an extremely dangerous feeling!
She took a deep breath and suddenly retreated. Then, a huge fist shadow exploded under her feet. A deep pit suddenly appeared under her feet. The floor tiles, stones, and soil under the tiles were all destroyed by the fist!
Shi Jingtian had unleashed his full strength in that punch. His face was dark and his eyes were wide open. Apparently, he was extremely furious. However, even though he was furious, he had controlled the strength of his punch with great precision. Luo Zheng was only a few feet away from Granny Long, but he was not affected by the punch at all.
"Wicked woman, do you really think that I, Shi Jingtian, am a Bodhisattva?" Shi Jingtian gritted his teeth and roared.
"You! You actually dared to attack me! Do you think that I'm afraid of you! " Granny Long waved her Dragon Head Walking Stick and was about to pounce on Shi Jingtian. Granny Long was shocked and angry. Shi Jingtian had used all of his strength in that punch. If she hadn't dodged in time, that punch would have seriously injured her. It might have even taken her life.
"Then you can try!" Shi Jingtian clenched his fists and stood still like a mountain with a sneer on his face.
"Enough!" Fei Han took a step forward and stood firmly between the two of them. He faced Granny Long and said coldly, "Granny Long, don't mess around! If you continue to mess around, I won't be polite anymore! "
Among these people, only Fei Han was an elder. Not only did he have a higher status, but his strength was also not something that Granny Long and Shi Jingtian could compare with.
Fei Han did not want to get angry at first. However, Granny Long kept on being unreasonable. Fei Han could not tolerate it any longer.
Luo Zheng was just a junior. He had just passed the Path of the Trial and was treated like this by Granny Long. Fei Han could not stand it anymore. Moreover, he liked Luo Zheng very much. Luo Zheng could shine anywhere. Even if he was in a fifth rank sect, he would still be treated as a core disciple. The fact that he could come to the Cloud Hall meant that he was one of the hopes of the Cloud Hall in the future.
"Elder Fei Han! I, Granny Long … "Granny Long wanted to argue but she did not dare to act rashly in front of Fei Han.
"Enough! Long Xiaohua, I'll say it again. Shut up and stay by the side obediently. Don't make me say it again! " Fei Han's words were getting more and more threatening. If Granny Long continued to talk nonsense, he would definitely punish her!
"Pfft …"
Hearing Elder Fei Han call out Granny Long's name, Luo Zheng could not help but laugh. He did not expect this old woman of the Rainbow Cloud Sect to have such a name.
Granny Long had a long black face. Even when she was young, she probably had nothing to do with the word 'flower'. Although Luo Zheng knew that it was immoral to call someone else's name, Luo Zheng really could not hold back.
In fact, Luo Zheng was not the only one who laughed. Hearing Fei Han call out Granny Long's name, the other sect leaders also had a smile on their faces. The white-robed old man of the Rainbow Cloud Sect laughed and shook his head.
Being ridiculed by a junior, Granny Long, who was easily angered, almost vomited blood. The wrinkles on her face deepened. She was going crazy.
But Fei Han was standing in front of her and had already warned her seriously. How could she dare to move?
Fei Han turned his head with a smile on his face. But soon, he said to Luo Zheng in a serious tone, "Luo Zheng, I know you entered the Path of Death. Didn't you have eight people in your group? Why didn't I see Zhuo Bufan and the others? "
Luo Zheng said, "We encountered some trouble in the Path of Death. In the end, I fell into one of the abyss. At that time, Zhuo Bufan and the others had already walked out of the Path of Death and didn't die. So I guess they should still be on the Path of Death. It won't be long before they come out."
Above the abyss was the exit of the Path of Death. With the top strength of Zhuo Bufan and the others, they should be able to pass through the Path of Death. The following Path of Death should not be too difficult for them.
Hearing Luo Zheng say that they had rushed out of the Path of Death, Fei Han breathed a sigh of relief. The expression on Granny Long's face also calmed down a little. Although the Path of Death was full of danger, under normal circumstances, not many disciples would die.
"You said you fell into the abyss. How did you pass through the Path of Death so quickly?" Fei Han asked again.
Fei Han and the other sect masters were also puzzled. Luo Zheng's speed was beyond common sense. Could it be that Luo Zheng found a shortcut in the abyss?
"Can I not say this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Oh, if you feel it's inconvenient to say, of course," Fei Han said with a smile.
In fact, the sect masters all wanted to know what this shortcut was. After all, the Path of Death was not the first time. If they knew how to take this shortcut, they could pass it on to the next batch of disciples in the next Path of Death three years later.
It was a pity that Luo Zheng did not say, so they did not ask on the spot. They also planned to ask Luo Zheng in the future. Anyway, he was bound to become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall. After all, he was a member of the Cloud Hall. As the deacons of the Cloud Hall, they still had a lot of opportunities.
Luo Zheng did not wait at the door with the sect masters. Instead, he walked a distance away, found an empty place to sit cross-legged, and continued to meditate.
Less than an hour later, the vortex under the arch suddenly began to rotate, and then Hua Tianming suddenly shot out from inside!
When Hua Tianming rushed out, the first person he saw was not Fei Han, nor the sect masters. His eyes fell on Luo Zheng, who was meditating not far away, and he was suddenly stunned.
＝＝＝＝＝