Their group was different from Luo Zheng, who was slowly walking out of the Trial Taker's Path.
Under Zhuo Bufan's leadership, the five of them finally completed the fifth stage of the Trial Taker's Path. After passing the test, there was a flat road that led directly to the end of the Trial Taker's Path.
At this point, who didn't want to fight for first place?
They had passed the Path of Death, which was a lot less than the Path of Life. It saved a lot of time, which meant that the first place was destined to be one of the five of them.
Zhuo Bufan was still immersed in the blow of missing the "blood pool" and did not react.
The first to recover was Red Maple. Although he was a little timid, his mind was extremely flexible. Moreover, his body movement was extremely outstanding, so he rushed to the front in an instant.
As soon as Baili Hongfeng rushed out, the rest of the people reacted and rushed out as well.
The last part of the journey was a competition of speed and endurance.
Red Maple was fast, and Zhuo Bufan was probably no match for him when he burst out, but his endurance was slightly lacking.
This journey was not short. In the first half of the journey, Red Maple left the four people behind him far behind.
In the middle, Zhuo Bufan still displayed his extraordinary speed and endurance, catching up little by little. In the end, Zhuo Bufan rushed to the front.
But at this moment, a strange scene happened. Red Maple's momentum suddenly changed, as if he had become a different person. His speed increased again, and at the same time, he took the initiative to attack Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan was naturally furious!
He had lost an opportunity and was already in a bad mood. Now, Zhuo Bufan's only pursuit was to get first place. He didn't expect that Red Maple would dare to make trouble for him. If a tiger did not show its power, it would be treated as a sick cat. So the two of them sprinted and actually fought in the process.
Of course, the two of them were not fighting desperately. They were more to obstruct each other's advance and slow down each other's sprinting speed.
As a result, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Jin Qiaoning caught up.
It was precisely because of the battle between Zhuo Bufan and Red Maple that Hua Tianming surpassed them and was the first to rush into the vortex.
Hua Tianming originally thought that he would be first place this time, so after he rushed out, he wanted to confirm whether the other disciples had already arrived. Therefore, his gaze quickly swept past Fei Han and the other sect leaders, but unexpectedly, he discovered that Luo Zheng was already sitting there steadily...
At this moment, Hua Tianming could not believe his eyes.
Luo Zheng sat there inexplicably as if he was performing a magic trick. This … was too outrageous.
No matter how one looked at it, this was inexplicable.
At that time, Hua Tianming had seen Luo Zheng fall into the abyss with her own eyes. Taking a step back, Luo Zheng was really lucky that he wasn't eaten by the flood dragon. It was impossible for him to walk ahead of her!
After Hua Tianming and the others passed through the Path of Death, they advanced almost without stopping! Because the Path of Death shortened the distance by a considerable amount, their speed could be said to be unprecedented. According to their imagination, the speed of the five people should have set a record.
In the end, Luo Zheng was already sitting there. Looking at him meditating and cultivating, it seemed that he had been waiting here for a long time.
How could Hua Tianming have imagined that Luo Zheng had directly flown over on the flood dragon puppet and wasted a lot of time in the middle to "share the spoils" with Little Butterfly?
Hua Tianming was in a daze when another person rushed out from behind him. It was Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan was panting heavily, his face full of irritation. After Red Maple's aura changed greatly, it was as if he had become a completely different person. He was very difficult to deal with, and it took him a lot of effort to get rid of that guy.
"Second …"
Zhuo Bufan really didn't want to accept this result. His life's creed was to be first in everything. Second was meaningless. Now that he had fallen behind Hua Tianming, he had no choice but to accept this fact.
It was all that Red Maple's fault. At the last moment, he was like a mad dog. He was clearly a very timid guy, but he suddenly went crazy. He was really difficult to deal with. He would deal with this guy when he reached the Cloud Hall!
Unexpectedly, Hua Tianming shook his head at Zhuo Bufan and said, "You're not second."
"I'm not second?" Zhuo Bufan was stunned. He obviously misunderstood Hua Tianming's meaning. He thought that Hua Tianming wanted to comfort him, such as "If Red Maple hadn't pestered you, you would definitely be first."
However, Hua Tianming immediately said, "You're third."
"Third?" Zhuo Bufan stared and asked, "Who's first?"
Hua Tianming pointed to Luo Zheng, who was not far away. "He's first."
Only then did Zhuo Bufan see Luo Zheng. His eyes suddenly widened to the size of copper bells. "He, he, he, Luo Zheng! How could he be here? Isn't this guy dead? "
Compared to Hua Tianming, Zhuo Bufan had more doubts in his heart!
Even in his dreams, he couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had been able to take first place and come out unscathed. Was that flood dragon just for fun?
Could it be … that the flood dragon had sent Luo Zheng here?
Zhuo Bufan was also a peerless genius. There was probably only one possibility left for Luo Zheng to be able to walk out of the Trial Taker's Path ahead of them. However, Zhuo Bufan couldn't understand why the flood dragon didn't eat Luo Zheng, but instead sent Luo Zheng to the entrance of the Trial Taker's Path.
Could it be that the flood dragon in the Trial Taker's Path was originally a shortcut, and it didn't eat people?
It had to be said that Zhuo Bufan was already very good to be able to deduce to this extent. Even if he racked his brains, he still couldn't figure out that the flood dragon was a puppet that was actually being controlled. Moreover, he'd never imagined that the pool of blood he'd obtained with great difficulty would be completely absorbed by Luo Zheng in the end. Moreover, he'd never imagined that the fortuitous encounters Luo Zheng obtained were very likely to belong to him, Zhuo Bufan!
It was only because Luo Zheng had appeared out of nowhere that Zhuo Bufan had missed the opportunity.
However, many things in this world were like this. Chances and coincidences could produce very different results. For example, even if Little Butterfly had pulled Zhuo Bufan into the abyss at that time, if Zhuo Bufan's white spear had been unable to break the boundary, he would have been unable to take away the Blood Demon Emperor's inheritance.
At this time, the vortex spun again, and this time, it was Red Maple who rushed out.
Zhuo Bufan was still thinking about Luo Zheng's problem. Now that he was facing Red Maple, he was furious. "Red Maple, how dare you stop me! I will make you pay the price! " Although he knew that even if he surpassed Hua Tianming, he still wouldn't be able to get first place, Zhuo Bufan couldn't take this lying down.
When Red Maple heard Zhuo Bufan's words, he smiled gloomily and said, "Hehe, so what if I stop you? What can you do to me? "
"You …" Zhuo Bufan wanted to have a good fight with Red Maple here.
At this time, the white-robed old man from the Lucky Cloud Sect said, "Red Maple, come over here!"
Red Maple was the direct disciple of the white-robed old man and the pride of the Lucky Cloud Sect. Naturally, the white-robed old man didn't want Red Maple to suffer. At the same time, he also knew that Zhuo Bufan was the son of Master Zhuo. Naturally, he didn't want to offend Master Zhuo. He could only call Red Maple over first, lest they really fight.
However, when Red Maple saw Luo Zheng, the third pair of eyes turned into the size of copper bells. When Red Maple saw that Luo Zheng was still alive, he was also surprised.
After Red Maple came out, Pei Tianyao was next, followed by Jin Qiaoning.
Pei Tianyao practiced Buddhist cultivation, so he wasn't very good at speed. Therefore, at the last moment, his speed was only slightly faster than Jin Qiaoning. The two of them rushed out of the vortex almost at the same time!
Therefore, two more pairs of eyes turned into the size of copper bells again. They stared at Luo Zheng in surprise.
"Why are you guys looking at me like that?" Fei Han couldn't stand it anymore. Although it was indeed surprising that Luo Zheng walked in front of them, they shouldn't stare at Luo Zheng as if he was a ghost. He wasn't a ghost!
When he saw Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He then got up from the ground and walked over to pat the two of them on the shoulder.
Now, the three people from the Blue Cloud Sect had passed the Trial Challenger's Road and obtained first, second, and fifth place respectively.
Shi Jingtian was so happy that he couldn't stop laughing. He didn't know what to say. He was a disciple of a second-grade sect and only had three spots. However, the three people he brought had all rushed into the top five. How could Shi Jingtian not be happy?
To Shi Jingtian, this was something that made him happier than finding a treasure himself!
However, at this moment, Zhuo Bufan suddenly asked in front of everyone. "Luo Zheng, didn't you fall into the abyss and get eaten by the flood dragon? Doesn't the flood dragon eat people? Didn't you ride the flood dragon to the finish line? What about the mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall? Isn't he with you? "
Zhuo Bufan unceremoniously asked the speculation in his heart. He knew that if he asked in private, Luo Zheng would definitely not tell him. However, if he asked Elder Fei Han and the other Sect Leaders, Luo Zheng would obediently tell him!
This was Zhuo Bufan's plan.
When Elder Fei Han and the other Sect Leaders heard that Luo Zheng was related to the flood dragon, they all looked at Luo Zheng.