Several key disciples in the Road of Death had walked out of the Road of Cultivators alive and achieved good results. Whether it was Granny Long of the Colorful Clouds Sect or the white-robed old man of the Magic Cloud Sect, they were very happy. This was a happy situation for everyone.
Only the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master asked with an ugly expression, "Where is Zhou Cheng of my Misty Cloud Sect? Why don't I see him? "
Hearing the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master's question, Hua Tianming and the others were a little silent. In the end, it was Zhuo Bufan who said, "Zhou Cheng has fallen in the Road of Death."
At that time, Zhou Cheng was collecting the spiritual grass in the small world of the Road of Death, but in the end, he was directly swallowed by the Black Devil Nightmare and turned into a ghastly white bone.
In fact, when the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master saw several people come out one after another, but he didn't see Zhou Cheng, he had a faint premonition in his heart.
The world of martial artists was just so cruel. Zhou Cheng dared to follow Zhuo Bufan into the "Path of Death" and take risks. His courage had already surpassed the majority of the disciples. It was just a pity that Zhou Cheng's strength was still too weak. Even within the Misty Cloud Sect, Zhou Cheng was only ranked fourth.
Therefore, Zhou Cheng followed Zhuo Bufan into the Road of Death, which was a huge gamble. If he had won the gamble, then he could have at least obtained the sixth place in the Road of Cultivators. But in the end, he lost the gamble, and naturally paid the price with his life.
The Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master could only shake his head. He didn't know that Zhou Cheng's death was entirely due to his own greed. If he hadn't greedily picked that black spiritual grass, he probably wouldn't have been swallowed by the Black Devil Nightmare and lost his life.
After answering the Misty Cloud Sect's Sect Master, Zhuo Bufan turned his gaze to Luo Zheng. Zhuo Bufan naturally wouldn't let Luo Zheng go so easily. Besides, he was really very curious about what had happened to Luo Zheng, so he replied to Elder Fei Han, "Elder Fei Han, the reason why we look at Luo Zheng like this is because he should have been a dead man!"
"Dead man? What do you mean? "Fei Han asked curiously.
"In the last part of the Path of Death, we had to continuously climb up the floating rocks in a huge abyss. However, in the last stage, the five of us saw Luo Zheng being dragged down by that disciple of the Cloud Hall!" Zhuo Bufan stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile. He knew that if he asked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would definitely not tell the truth. However, if he pressured Luo Zheng through Elder Fei Han, the effect might be much better!
"Oh? Luo Zheng said that he did fall into an abyss, but he didn't say that he was dragged down by the Cloud Hall disciple. "Fei Han nodded.
If Luo Zheng didn't want to say it, Fei Han couldn't force Luo Zheng to say it. However, after hearing it from Zhuo Bufan, the Sect Masters understood that Luo Zheng was actually dragged down by that mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall.
Zhuo Bufan smiled and said, "Elder Fei Han, I guess Luo Zheng didn't say that there was a flood dragon at the bottom of this abyss, right?"
"What?" Hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Fei Han's expression changed.
Through Xin Gui's observation, Fei Han and the Sect Masters all knew that a huge flood dragon had appeared on the Path of Trial Takers. They also saw many rays of light in the sky. They guessed that a great change had occurred on the Path of Trial Takers. Otherwise, how could this flood dragon appear?
However, they didn't expect that this flood dragon was originally in the abyss.
"When we entered the abyss, we were chased by this flood dragon all the way. Obviously, this flood dragon wanted to swallow us. As for why Luo Zheng was dragged down by that disciple of the Cloud Hall and fell into the flood dragon's mouth, not only did he escape, but he also passed the Path of Trial Takers before us … I'm not too sure about this. Elder Fei Han, I'm afraid that you'll have to ask Luo Zheng!" With a big smile on his face, Zhuo Bufan stared at Luo Zheng's face, wanting to see his expression at this time.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to hear Zhuo Bufan's words, and there was no expression on his face!
It had to be said that Zhuo Bufan's words had indeed aroused the curiosity of the Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han.
Obviously, there must be some kind of connection between Luo Zheng, the flood dragon, and that disciple of the Cloud Hall. Otherwise, how could Luo Zheng be standing here?
Even Elder Fei Han would have to avoid an adult flood dragon. How could Luo Zheng survive after falling into the flood dragon's mouth? Luo Zheng's luck was good, but it shouldn't be so good, right? That flood dragon wasn't Luo Zheng's relative!
Even Shi Jingtian looked at Luo Zheng curiously, as if he wanted to hear the whole story from Luo Zheng.
Before Fei Han could speak, Luo Zheng took the initiative to salute Fei Han and said, "Elder Fei Han, forgive Luo Zheng for not being able to tell you the secret, because I promised that disciple of the Cloud Hall that I wouldn't tell you!"
Luo Zheng's words were very resolute and decisive, which was "not to say". Zhuo Bufan wanted to use Fei Han's name to force the truth out. This was too naive.
Fei Han looked at Luo Zheng and hesitated. After thinking for a while, he asked, "Luo Zheng, you naturally have your reasons for not wanting to tell me, but I have to ask you a question. Who is that disciple of the Cloud Hall? Is he a member of our Cloud Hall? "
The identity of that disciple of the Cloud Hall was related to the safety of the entire Cloud Hall. He had to know this clearly.
"It's possible that he is a member of the Cloud Hall, but he didn't even reveal his true identity to me," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
Fei Han sighed, "Everyone has their own secrets. The path of the Trial Taker is the foundation of our Cloud Hall's selection of elite disciples. Luo Zheng, I won't delve into this matter for the time being, but I hope you can give me an answer in the future."
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, glanced at Zhuo Bufan's face, and then stood aside.
Looking at Luo Zheng's eyes, Zhuo Bufan secretly gritted his teeth. He didn't expect that as an elder, Fei Han would be so polite to Luo Zheng!
However, he didn't know that in Fei Han's mind, Luo Zheng's future potential and importance had already surpassed Zhuo Bufan's. Fei Han didn't want to force Luo Zheng to tell the truth. For Fei Han, no matter what opportunity Luo Zheng had obtained, what did it have to do with him? As an elder, Fei Han wouldn't do such a stupid thing to offend an elite of the Cloud Hall with great potential for this matter.
Luo Zheng refused to say anything, and the others couldn't pry open his mouth, so this topic was put aside for the time being.
Several disciples also returned to their respective sect masters, waiting for the warriors on the Trial Takers' Road to appear.
After a few more hours, a grey shadow suddenly appeared in the distance of the ruins. The grey shadow was also very fast, and its flying speed was sometimes fast and sometimes slow, sometimes far and sometimes close, making it difficult for people to catch up to it.
Fei Han nodded when he saw the gray shadow. "I didn't expect Mister Zhuo to come."
When Zhuo Bufan saw the gray shadow, a smile immediately appeared on his face, and he shouted to the gray shadow in the distance, "Father!"
He was dressed in gray and had an extraordinary bearing. His aura was restrained, so people couldn't see the depth of his strength. This kind of person was obviously at the same level as Fei Han.
"Fei Han!" Mister Zhuo cupped his hands to Fei Han, and Fei Han hurriedly returned the salute.
The sect masters also hurriedly saluted, "Greetings, Mister Zhuo!"
"Yes!" Mister Zhuo just nodded slightly in the face of the sect masters' salute, and then he asked, "Bufan, what's your rank?"
Hearing his father's question, Zhuo Bufan's face darkened, and then he said, "Bufan is incompetent. I only got third place on the Trial Takers' Road."
"Yes?" Mister Zhuo was a little surprised by this result. From Zhuo Bufan's mouth, he always heard "first place". When did he get third place?
Ever since he was a child, even the rice that Zhuo Bufan had eaten was the specially provided "Dragon Blood Rice". Each grain was plump and bright red. Although there was not much power of Qi and blood contained in it, if he ate it every day for ten years, one could imagine the benefits it brought to his body.
However, this Dragon Blood Rice was expensive. Even the emperor of the Eastern Region's Fentian Palace couldn't eat it every meal.
But Zhuo Bufan never stopped eating!
From rice, to vegetables, to cultivation methods, and the people who taught him martial arts, which one of them wasn't a top existence?
Mister Zhuo had poured too many things into Zhuo Bufan. Moreover, Zhuo Bufan had inherited Mister Zhuo's talent and comprehended Perfect Spear Intent …
With such a foundation, it was very strange that Zhuo Bufan couldn't get first place. Therefore, since he was young, Zhuo Bufan had never been defeated among his peers.
Mister Zhuo was also very concerned about this Trial Takers' Road, but he didn't come because he had something to do. After he finished his business and rushed over, he actually heard his son say "third place".
Mister Zhuo was naturally surprised.
Among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, who could beat my son Bufan? That Zhao Xiaohua from the South Prince Zhao family? Impossible. Since no one in the Cloud Hall could beat Zhuo Bufan, those disciples from the second-grade sects were not qualified at all.
"Who got first place?" Mister Zhuo asked.
Zhuo Bufan pointed to Luo Zheng who was not far away.
When Mister Zhuo found that Luo Zheng was only at the fourth stage of the Xiantian Realm, he obviously frowned.
Seeing this expression on Mister Zhuo's face, Fei Han had a bad premonition in his heart. Fei Han knew Mister Zhuo's temper. This person was not a magnanimous person. What's more, Luo Zheng had defeated Zhuo Bufan and got first place. He was afraid that Mister Zhuo would make things difficult for Luo Zheng, a junior.
Shi Jingtian also noticed this problem, but as a deacon of the Cloud Hall, he didn't even have the right to speak in front of Mister Zhuo.
Then everyone saw Zhuo Bufan whisper something to Mister Zhuo. After that, Mister Zhuo showed a faint smile on his face and then walked towards Luo Zheng.
Only at the fourth stage of the Xiantian Realm, he got first place on the Trial Takers' Road? Was this a joke? After listening to his son's words, Mister Zhuo understood that Luo Zheng was just lucky.