Mister Zhuo's words were so overbearing that there was no room for negotiation.
He said it word for word, and the subtext was that Luo Zheng could not hide anything.
Mister Zhuo felt that his words were polite. His position was different from Fei Han's. Fei Han was old. Although he was still an elder, his main role was to help the Cloud Hall find elite disciples. But Mister Zhuo was different. He was at the peak of his strength and was the mainstay of the Cloud Hall. He did not put Luo Zheng in his eyes at all. If Luo Zheng had not won first place, his attitude at this time would have been even worse.
Mister Zhuo also knew about the treasures in the Trial Taker's Road. Anyone would be tempted by the inheritance of a sixth-grade sect.
Zhuo Bufan had just told him that not only did a flood dragon appear in the Trial Taker's Road, but also countless rays of light appeared out of thin air. It seemed that all the inheritance treasures were gathered in one place.
Mister Zhuo could not enter the Trial Taker's Road, but his son still had a chance.
The Trial Taker's Road could only be opened once every three years, but that was because the cost of opening it was huge. A few hundred top-grade True Meta Stones was not a small amount. If he could squeeze some useful information out of Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo would take out the money and reopen the Trial Taker's Road. It was not impossible for Zhuo Bufan to enter again.
As long as he could get a part of the inheritance of a sixth-grade sect, it would be a big profit.
As soon as Mister Zhuo said this, everyone's eyes focused on Luo Zheng.
Zhuo Bufan sneered. "You didn't say anything when I asked you before. Now that my father is here, I'm forcing you to say it. You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit!"
Shi Jingtian and Fei Han's faces were a little gloomy, but they were silent. They did not want to offend Mister Zhuo. As for the other sect leaders, they naturally had an indifferent attitude. Anyway, Luo Zheng was not a disciple of their sect, and they were also curious about Luo Zheng's experience in the Trial Taker's Road.
As for Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, they could only sigh in their hearts. This time, Luo Zheng had no choice but to bow his head.
Luo Zheng blinked and stared at Mister Zhuo. Suddenly, he said, "Mister Zhuo, I was able to walk out of the Trial Taker's path because of my own luck. Why should I tell you everything? Why should I tell you? "
Mister Zhuo originally thought that Luo Zheng would tell the truth honestly, or perhaps hide a part of the truth. But he never thought that Luo Zheng would say these words so decisively!
Who do you think you are? Why should I tell you?
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the faces of the five Sect Leaders and Fei Han changed dramatically.
This brat wanted to poke a hole in the sky! Mister Zhuo had always had a bad temper. Even those deacons in the Cloud Hall would tremble with fear when they saw Mister Zhuo. But, Luo Zheng, a junior who hadn't even become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall, actually dared to speak in such a manner …
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng had confirmed Mister Zhuo's status and strength. Right now, they were admiring Luo Zheng's courage, but at the same time, they were worried for Luo Zheng.
Zhuo Bufan was stunned as well. He felt like he was still in a dream.
Ever since he was young, no one had ever dared to speak in such a manner in front of his father. Not to mention a puny Xiantian realm warrior, even a Divine Core warrior wouldn't dare to speak in front of his father. This Luo Zheng was really …
Zhuo Bufan could feel his father's anger, and he knew that Luo Zheng was already a dead man. Right now, even though Zhuo Bufan was Mister Zhuo's son, he didn't dare say anything. He was afraid that if he angered his father, he would suffer as well.
"Why should I …" Mister Zhuo said slowly. "Hahaha, you're asking me why? Do you really think you've reached the top just because you've obtained the first place in the Path of Trials? You're just a puny Xiantian realm warrior, what gives you the right to ask me why? Let me tell you, you're just like a tiny moth in front of me, a tiny ant! I can crush you to death in an instant! Just because of this! "
Different from the others, Mister Zhuo's aura was extremely reserved. It was as if with his strength and cultivation, he didn't need to use his aura to suppress Luo Zheng.
Because of this, it made people feel how frightening he was.
Luo Zheng had a calm expression. He couldn't tell anyone about the Path of Trials. Besides, he wanted to use this opportunity to verify who Little Die really was.
Just like Qinglong had guessed, Little Die's strength had far surpassed the Divine Reflection realm. She must have been cultivating some cultivation skill that required her to 'disperse her cultivation'. It wasn't easy to cultivate this type of skill, and once she successfully cultivated it, she would become a heaven-defying existence.
If what Qinglong had guessed was true, then Little Die's strength in the Cloud Hall should be very strong! At least, she should be stronger than Mister Zhuo!
"What if I don't say anything?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. At this time, Luo Zheng had already quietly poured his True Yuan into Little Die's Cloud Hall token.
"Hehe, since you don't want to say anything, then I'm not interested in listening to you. I'll just search your soul!" Mister Zhuo didn't even bother to threaten Luo Zheng. He actually wanted to directly search Luo Zheng's soul.
Soul searching was to directly invade Luo Zheng's mind and search Luo Zheng's memories. Many experts with powerful soul abilities knew how to use soul searching techniques.
Hearing that Mister Zhuo wanted to directly search Luo Zheng's soul, Shi Jingtian finally couldn't sit still. Luo Zheng was a member of his Blue Cloud Sect. He quickly stood up and said, "Mister Zhuo, Luo Zheng just didn't understand at the moment. Please give him a chance!" He turned his head and immediately said sternly to Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, quickly tell Mister Zhuo everything. Don't hide anything!"
The reason why Shi Jingtian spoke so sternly to Luo Zheng was naturally because he was afraid that Luo Zheng would really be searched by Mister Zhuo! Soul searching wasn't a joke.
In order to search the memories in the mind, the target's mind would be in a mess. Simply put, if Luo Zheng's soul was searched, he would become an idiot!
"Shi Jingtian, scram!" Mister Zhuo didn't give Shi Jingtian any face.
"Mister Zhuo, why are you so calculative with a junior? Give me, Old Shi, some face … "Shi Jingtian cupped his hands and said with a smile.
"Scram!" Mister Zhuo said coldly, "Shi Jingtian, what qualifications do you have for me to give you face?"
"Sect Leader Shi, there's no need to plead with him," Luo Zheng said faintly.
With Qinglong protecting his soul, Luo Zheng wasn't particularly afraid of Mister Zhuo's soul searching. Qinglong was Luo Zheng's other support. Although Qinglong seemed to be very weak, he had swallowed the flood dragon's soul and drank an entire pool of flood dragon's blood. Luo Zheng believed that Qinglong wouldn't sit idly by and watch him be in danger.
Furthermore, Luo Zheng was still waiting.
He wanted to see if Xiao Die would make a move!
Shi Jingtian's dissuasion was useless. Mister Zhuo continued to walk towards Luo Zheng. Shi Jingtian didn't dare to stop him. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, stood motionless on the spot. However, his breathing was slightly hurried.
Just when Mister Zhuo was five steps away from Luo Zheng, a small rune suddenly appeared beside Mister Zhuo's ear. A spark appeared, and the rune was instantly burned to ashes.
The sect leaders recognized the rune. It was a rune for True Essence Sound Transmission. It was suitable for long-distance transmission of a voice.
Mister Zhuo tilted his ear, as if he was listening to someone's words. Then, Mister Zhuo frowned and his face became extremely gloomy. He stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze.
After a while, Mister Zhuo stared fiercely at Luo Zheng and sneered, "You're lucky! Bufan, let's go! "Then, he flew into the air and turned into a gray shadow, quickly disappearing from the spot.
His father's words stunned Zhuo Bufan.
Zhuo Bufan originally wanted to watch a good show silently. He wanted to watch his father search Luo Zheng's soul and turn Luo Zheng into a waste and an idiot. Zhuo Bufan didn't know how happy he would be!
On the path of the Trial Takers, Zhuo Bufan had already felt the strength of Luo Zheng. This guy was definitely a threat and a strong competitor in the Cloud Hall. If he could kill Luo Zheng while he was still in the cradle, it would be the best thing.
He didn't expect that his father would suddenly give up at the last moment! What was going on? What was that True Essence Sound Transmission just now? Who had such great ability? Who could make his father change his mind in an instant?
Although Zhuo Bufan was full of doubts, he didn't dare to say anything when he saw his father's gloomy face. He glared at Luo Zheng with hatred, then followed his father's footsteps and flew away.
Only the Sect Masters and Elder Fei Han were left standing there in a daze, their stomachs full of confusion.
They were also thinking about the same question as Zhuo Bufan. Who had just sent a sound transmission to Mister Zhuo?
＝＝＝＝＝