Mister Zhuo's status in the Cloud Hall was already very high.
Take Elder Fei Han for example. Although he was also an Elder, due to his old age, he didn't have the potential to advance any further. Therefore, he was considered to be below average among the Elders.
However, Mister Zhuo was different. He was in his prime and his strength was at its peak. He was considered to be one of the most powerful Elders in the Cloud Hall.
That Sound Transmission Talisman didn't last long. It probably only took one sentence. Just one sentence was enough to make Mister Zhuo retreat. There weren't many people in the Cloud Hall who could do that.
But who could it be?
This was the first time Luo Zheng had entered the Path of the Trialtakers. He hadn't even entered the Central Domain before. It was impossible for him to know the top figures in the Cloud Hall. Who could speak up for Luo Zheng at such a crucial moment?
The Sect Leaders couldn't figure it out!
Shi Jingtian looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. Suddenly, he felt that this disciple from his Sect was like a stranger to him.
Shi Jingtian felt that he understood Luo Zheng very well. He also knew about Luo Zheng's many trump cards. However, at this moment, he realized that he didn't know anything about Luo Zheng at all.
A Xiantian-level lifeform was able to do this in front of Shi Jingtian. Shi Jingtian didn't know how to describe Luo Zheng …
However, even though the pressure on Mister Zhuo had been temporarily lifted, Shi Jingtian still shook his head and said, "You were too impulsive just now."
"Indeed, Luo Zheng. Although I don't know what you're relying on, with your current strength, it isn't wise for you to become enemies with Mister Zhuo. He can retreat today, but you're still a disciple of the Cloud Hall. If he targets you when you enter the Cloud Hall in the future, it will be troublesome for you." Fei Han agreed with Shi Jingtian's words.
In fact, Fei Han already had a rough idea. The range wasn't very large. There were probably only two or three people in the Cloud Hall who could make Mister Zhuo retreat with just one sentence. One was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, and the other was the previous Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. However, that old monster hadn't seen him in over a hundred years.
In the end, only the Hall Master could make Mister Zhuo retreat. The problem was, was that Luo Zheng was familiar with the Hall Master? How did he know the Hall Master? Where did he know the Hall Master?
For the past two years, the Hall Master had also been in seclusion. Logically speaking, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to be familiar with the Hall Master.
"Elder Fei Han, Sect Master Shi," Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "I had no choice. Some things are very important. Forgive me for not being able to tell you. Even Mister Zhuo can't tell you! Let me ask you, even if I gave in just now, would Mister Zhuo let me go? "
Luo Zheng's words made sense.
In the past two years, Mister Zhuo's strength had increased rapidly. His position in the Cloud Hall had also become higher and higher. He was also becoming more and more unscrupulous.
With Mister Zhuo's temper, even if Luo Zheng gave in and told him the secrets of the Trial Taker's Path, Mister Zhuo might not believe him. He might even believe him completely. Most likely, he would find a reason to search Luo Zheng's soul!
Without strength, one could only be a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. This was the case in the Eastern Domain. In the Central Domain, this iron rule still hadn't changed.
At this moment, the disciples of the Trial Taker's Path finally came out.
"Hahahaha, I'm first this year!" A disciple of the Cloud Hall took the lead and rushed out of the hall with a victorious smile on his face. After opening the Path of Life, this disciple of the Cloud Hall led the way. He was sure that no one rushed ahead of him. Being able to get first place was something he had never thought of. After all, among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, there were two geniuses, Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua. There was no possibility for him to turn the tables.
It was just that Zhuo Bufan was too confident and dared to challenge the Path of Death. Zhao Xiaohua hadn't seen his shadow all the way. Naturally, the first place belonged to this disciple of the Cloud Hall.
However, just as he finished laughing, the smile on his face immediately froze when he saw Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Jin Qiaoning, and the others. He suddenly realized that his laughter was very harsh. The muscles on his face twitched a few times, and he silently turned his head and stood aside.
"I'm second!" At this moment, the disciple of the Cloud Hall who rushed out of the vortex was also very excited. The second place was still a satisfying result. Of course, when he looked up, his expression was almost exactly the same as the previous disciple of the Cloud Hall …
"Third …"
The same thing happened again and again, and it immediately made the sect masters and Elder Fei Han laugh. The oppressive atmosphere just now was also swept away.
Gradually, more and more warriors passed the Trial Taker's Path. The last one to walk out was Zhao Xiaohua.
In fact, Zhao Xiaohua almost couldn't get out of the Trial Taker's Path. With his strength, it was impossible for him to pass through the broken Path of Life. As for the Path of Death, he didn't even dare to think about it. He could only return to the high platform alone and quietly wait for the Trial Taker's Path to close. He thought he was dead for sure.
Just when he was alone and helpless, he saw a huge flood dragon in the sky rushing toward him. Such a huge flood dragon almost scared Zhao Xiaohua to the point of peeing his pants. He almost rolled down the high platform into the vast magma of the Burning Heaven Sea of Fire.
What Zhao Xiaohua didn't expect was that the flood dragon actually stretched out its tail toward him.
After understanding the flood dragon's intention, Zhao Xiaohua decided to take a gamble. If he stayed in place and waited for the Trial Taker's Path to close, he would definitely die. This was probably his only chance.
Therefore, he hugged the flood dragon's tail and crossed the Path of Life.
Although he was the last one to walk out, Zhao Xiaohua was already very happy. For him, ranking was no longer important. As long as he could keep his life, it was fine. After all, his life was very valuable!
After all the disciples walked out of the Trial Taker's Path, Fei Han announced the list of disciples recruited by the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall in a dignified tone.
In addition to the millions of disciples of the five major sects under the Cloud Hall, there were also ordinary disciples in the Cloud Hall. For example, disciples of the Cloud Hall like Zhuo Bufan and Zhao Xiaohua belonged to the ordinary disciples under the Cloud Hall. There were almost a million of these ordinary disciples.
This number sounded like a lot, but in fact, it was nothing in the vast Central Domain. Among the fourth-grade sects, the number of disciples of the Cloud Hall was still considered small. For example, the fourth-grade sects like the Blood Wood Cliff and the Nine Stars Sect probably had four to five million disciples!
As for the fifth-grade sect in the Central Domain, there were as many as ten million people. Just the number of warriors in the sect was comparable to that of a country!
However, there were not many warriors who could really grow up. Ninety-nine percent of them could only stay in the Primordial Secret Realm for the rest of their lives. A small number of them could enter the Divine Reflection Realm.
Even if they entered the Divine Reflection Realm, it was nothing. If they wanted to be really trained by the higher-ups, they had to stand out in the Divine Reflection Realm and fully display their strength and talent. Only then would they be focused on training by the sect!
Whether it was Luo Zheng, Zhuo Bufan, or Jin Qiaoning, they were all the best among the millions of disciples. Even if they were the top among so many people, they still had to go through the Trial Taker's Path again. Only such disciples were qualified to enter the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, it could be imagined that the disciples in the Elite Hall were enough to represent the future of the Cloud Hall!
While Elder Fei Han was announcing the list, Luo Zheng was looking for Little Butterfly in the crowd. Luo Zheng searched the Cloud Hall disciples countless times, but he still couldn't find her.
Little Butterfly's disguise technique was too powerful. She could easily hide from the eyes of Fei Han and the others. Naturally, she could also easily hide from Luo Zheng.
However, her disguise technique was too powerful, and she couldn't hide it from Qinglong …
"Look at the disciples of the Cloud Hall. She's the third one from the left!" Qinglong didn't miss the opportunity to remind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng counted the disciples of the Cloud Hall and locked his eyes on an ordinary-looking disciple of the Cloud Hall. Coincidentally, that disciple of the Cloud Hall was also looking up at him.
Little Butterfly just glanced at Luo Zheng. When she noticed that Luo Zheng was staring at her, she pretended she didn't know anything. She didn't think Luo Zheng would be able to recognize her.
But what made Little Butterfly feel strange was that Luo Zheng's eyes were locked on her. Could it be that he had really discovered her? How was that possible?! Little Butterfly was very confident in her disguise technique. Let alone Luo Zheng, even those Divine Core warriors wouldn't be able to see through her disguise!
But, no matter how strong her disguise technique was, it couldn't fool Qinglong. Qinglong wasn't looking for Little Butterfly by looking at her appearance, he was able to accurately identify her just by sensing her soul aura.
Even though Luo Zheng was staring at her, Little Butterfly still pretended to be casual and natural. But soon, she couldn't continue pretending … because a faint smile emerged on Luo Zheng's face, as if he was laughing at her. Why was she still pretending when her disguise had been exposed?
This damn guy! He really found out about her! Little Butterfly curled her lips and fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. Then, she moved her lips and sent a message into Luo Zheng's ears, "Keep looking! If you keep looking, I'll dig your eyeballs out! "
Hearing Little Butterfly's message, Luo Zheng laughed even louder. After all, through the test just now, he knew that Little Butterfly's status was much higher than Mister Zhuo's. Just a single message from Little Butterfly was enough to make Mister Zhuo turn around and leave. It wasn't hard to imagine Little Butterfly's status in the Cloud Hall!
At least, even if Fei Han discovered Little Butterfly's identity, he wouldn't dare say anything.
"Hey, the message you sent to Mister Zhuo just now, what was it?" Luo Zheng asked Little Butterfly using his Divine Sense.
Little Butterfly replied with a smile, "I told him not to get involved in the matters here, and to get the hell out of here!"