Early in the morning, the first ray of morning light shone through the dense clouds, reflecting a beautiful rainbow.
In other places, rainbows could only be seen after the rain, but in Cloud Sea City, they could be seen almost every day.
This was because there was a huge floating rock in the sky above Cloud Sea City, and there was a huge palace on this floating rock.
This palace was finally surrounded by clouds. Only when the weather was particularly clear could its vague outline be seen, and one could only sigh at the means of the Immortals …
In the eyes of the hundreds of millions of mortals in Cloud Sea City, the floating palace in the sky was the Immortal Palace! The people who lived in the Immortal Palace were naturally Immortals!
In fact, many warriors were no different from Immortals in the eyes of mortals. They could go up to the sky, move mountains, and even live for hundreds or even thousands of years. If they weren't Immortals, then what were they?
However, since there were mortals in Cloud Sea City, there were naturally warriors as well. In the eyes of warriors, the huge palace in the sky represented another meaning. Although this meaning couldn't be compared to the legend of the Immortal Palace, it wasn't much worse. Because they knew that it was a famous fourth-grade sect in the Central Domain, the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall was built on a huge floating rock. There was no way to know where this floating rock came from. After the Cloud Hall was built, it absorbed the World's Essence Qi through a formation to supply the cultivation of many warriors in the Cloud Hall. Because it absorbed enough World's Essence Qi, the surrounding clouds often gathered around the Cloud Hall, so the Cloud Hall was almost always surrounded by clouds and mist.
On this day, a teleportation formation on the left side of the Cloud Hall began to flicker with light screens. When those light screens fell, people walked out of them one after another.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped out of the teleportation formation, he subconsciously sniffed. He felt the rich World's Essence Qi in the Cloud Hall, and he was a little intoxicated. Such rich World's Essence Qi probably couldn't be found in the entire Eastern Domain.
Not only Luo Zheng, but also Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, and the disciples from the Red Maple Sect, who were all from second-grade Sects, had intoxicated expressions on their faces. The Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi was so rich that it made them somewhat uncomfortable.
When the disciples of the Cloud Hall saw the reaction of Luo Zheng and the others, they showed a disdainful expression.
In fact, these disciples of the Cloud Hall, including Zhao Xiaohua, did not cultivate in the Cloud Hall. They usually cultivated in the "Cloud Sect" in Cloud Sea City. However, as the top existences among the ordinary disciples of the Cloud Hall, Zhao Xiaohua and the others still had some opportunities to enter the Cloud Hall. As for Zhuo Bufan, because of his father, he often cultivated in the Cloud Hall.
Now that they had become disciples of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall, they could officially step into the Cloud Hall.
Everyone followed behind Fei Han and headed to the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall.
Along the way, looking at such a majestic building, Luo Zheng and the others sighed again and again. The Cloud Hall was really worthy of its reputation. It was indeed amazing to be able to build such a large palace in the sky.
However, although it seemed difficult to understand how a palace could be moved to the sky, it was not difficult to understand as long as one understood the principle behind it.
On the path of the Trial Takers, Luo Zheng had already seen floating stones suspended in mid-air. This kind of floating stone seemed to be able to repel gravity and float in mid-air. If the floating stone was big enough, a palace could be built on it.
However, such a large Cloud Hall would probably require a floating stone the size of an island to support it. As for where such a large floating stone came from, Luo Zheng had no idea.
Today's clouds were very dense. Everyone followed closely behind Elder Fei Han as they shuttled through the Cloud Hall. There were thick white clouds everywhere. It was as if they were walking in a fairyland. It was like a dream, but also real.
After a while, the disciples finally arrived at the Elite Hall.
Now, whether it was the disciples of second-grade sects or the disciples of the Cloud Hall, they all had excited expressions on their faces. After working hard on the path of martial arts for so many years, they had finally become an Elite Disciple of the Cloud Hall. It would be a lie to say that they were not excited.
However, for Luo Zheng, this was just a starting point.
Elder Fei Han led them to the Elite Hall and left, waiting for the next person to complete the handover procedures. Everyone was excited and talked about it, especially the disciples of the Cloud Hall, who wantonly showed off their knowledge. After all, these disciples of the Cloud Hall grew up in the Central Domain. What they had seen and heard was much better than the disciples of second-grade sects. For example, the disciples of the Red Maple Sect listened with great interest.
It turned out that the Elite Hall was also divided into levels. The specific differences were actually similar to the points of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Everyone in the Elite Hall will be given a cloud card. This cloud card has a total of five colors. They are purple, gold, green, and red. There are countless cultivation mystic realms in the Cloud Hall. The five colored cloud cards represent five different levels of authority! We have just entered the Elite Hall, so naturally, we have the lowest authority, which is the red cloud card! "
"But, don't underestimate this red cloud card. The cultivation mystic realms you can enter through this red cloud card are many times better than the cultivation mystic realms you came from!"
While the disciples of the Cloud Hall were bragging, two deacons of the Cloud Hall walked into the Elite Hall.
Luo Zheng threw a glance at the two deacons of the Cloud Hall. Both of them were Divine Core warriors!
Although their energy was far weaker than Sect Chief Shi's, the fact that these two ordinary deacons were Divine Core warriors could only mean that the Cloud Hall was filled with geniuses. Why would a Divine Core warrior do something so trivial?
The deacons of the Cloud Hall glanced at Luo Zheng and the other disciples, then said, "We'll now distribute the cloud cards. These cloud cards will be your passes to enter the Cloud Hall in the future. Also, you'll need them to open all the cultivation mystic realms in the Cloud Hall. Take good care of them."
After that, the deacons of the Cloud Hall started reading out the names on the list.
When a disciple's name was read out, he would walk up to the disciple and receive his cloud card.
Just like what the disciple of the Cloud Hall had said, all the disciples who had just entered the Elite Hall were given red cloud cards. This was the lowest level cloud card.
Looking at the red cloud card, Luo Zheng suddenly recalled the message token given to him by Xiao Die. Both of them looked very similar, both were tokens, and there were many patterns of clouds engraved on the back. The only difference was that Xiao Die's message token was white, while this cloud card was red.
According to the disciple of the Cloud Hall, the cloud cards only had five different colors: purple, gold, green, and red. Luo Zheng wondered what level Xiao Die's message token was.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about this question, the deacons suddenly shouted out Luo Zheng's name. At the same time, the deacons face revealed a surprised expression, because one of the cloud cards in his hand was purple!
Just now, when the deacons of the Cloud Hall went to receive the cloud cards of the elite disciples, he didn't carefully check each cloud card. Instead, he threw them all into his spatial ring. He took out a cloud card, looked at the name on the back, and directly called out the name.
Therefore, when the deacons of the Cloud Hall took out a cloud card from his spatial ring, he would read out the name on the back of the cloud card. When he took out the purple cloud card, he was immediately dumbfounded. He wondered if he had made a mistake when he made the talisman.
How could it be a purple cloud card?
Purple, gold, green, and red cloud cards had very strict rules. This was because each cloud card represented the right to cultivate in a mystic realm!
Normally, when a disciple joined the Cloud Hall for the first time and became a member of the Elite Hall, he would be given a red cloud card!
There were exceptions. For example, some genius disciples might be given a green cloud card due to their outstanding performance. But, the probability of this happening was very small. Nine years ago, there was a disciple of the Cloud Hall who had just joined the Cloud Hall, and he had been given a green cloud card.
Even the Sect Chief of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian, only had a golden cloud card, and it was only an average grade! As for these two Divine Core deacons, they only had a green cloud card. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that these two deacons dreamt of having a golden cloud card.
This was because once they obtained a golden cloud card, the Cloud Hall would open up more cultivation mystic realms, and these cultivation mystic realms were much better than the green cloud cards.
However, it was extremely difficult to obtain a golden cloud card. These two Divine Core deacons had been waiting for a long time, but they still hadn't obtained one.
But, this was the first time this young man, Luo Zheng, had come to the Cloud Hall, and he had just joined the Elite Hall, so why was he able to obtain a purple cloud card?
These two deacons suspected that the higher-ups must have given him the wrong card! They must have accidentally given him a purple cloud card instead of a red one. Otherwise, it wouldn't make sense.
When Luo Zheng heard the deacons calling his name, he walked up and was about to take the purple cloud card. But, one of the deacons asked Luo Zheng to wait, as he decided to ask the higher-ups first. After that, the deacons quickly left with the purple cloud card.
"There must be some kind of mistake! A purple cloud card? Even if Luo Zheng is the number one participant in the Path of Trials, there's no way he could have gotten it! "
"What a joke! Even a small portion of the Sect Elders don't have a purple cloud card! Normally, it's given to the Sect Elders, how could it be given to Luo Zheng? "
"Hehe, I think Luo Zheng is a bit disappointed, right? He's just a Xiantian Realm warrior, a red cloud card is more than enough for him! "
While everyone was discussing, the deacons soon returned. With a complicated expression, he looked at Luo Zheng and said, "This purple cloud card is indeed yours."
Hearing what the deacons said, all the disciples in the Elite Hall immediately burst into an uproar.