Those disciples who came from the five second grade sects felt better, but the disciples of the Cloud Hall were even more upset.
Who was Luo Zheng? That guy who came from the Blue Cloud Sect, all he did was get first place! Every single disciple from the Cloud Hall had gotten first place, but why had they never seen any disciple from the Cloud Hall get a purple clouded token?
Seeing the noisy and indignant crowd, one of the deacons from the Cloud Hall said with a dark expression, "If you keep making noise, I'll throw all of you down!"
The Cloud Hall was located in the sky, and it was more than a thousand meters above the ground. However, most of the disciples here were at the Divine Reflection realm, so they wouldn't die even if they were thrown down. However, the threat wasn't to throw them to their deaths, it was to kick them out of the Cloud Hall.
When all the disciples from the Cloud Hall heard this, they immediately shut their mouths. It took a lot of effort to climb up to the Cloud Hall, and some of these disciples were even raised by some big families. Although they were jealous of Luo Zheng, it was really unlucky for them to be kicked out of the Cloud Hall because of this.
In fact, even these two Divine Core deacons were unhappy about this. They couldn't figure out who this Luo Zheng was. Why was he given a purple clouded token? Could he be the Palace Master's exclusive property? The Palace Master was pure and innocent, and he didn't even have a dual cultivation partner. How could this be …
Although they were unhappy about this, there was nothing they could do about it. This was the world of warriors, there was no such thing as fairness. All they knew was that Luo Zheng must have a very strong background, so they shouldn't offend this guy.
Therefore, these two deacons became even more polite to Luo Zheng. They handed the purple clouded token to Luo Zheng with both hands.
After that, the two Deacons of the Cloud Hall explained to the disciples some things to pay attention to in the Cloud Hall, including how to use the Cultivation Mystic Realm, some forbidden areas in the Cloud Hall, and so on. There were many rules in the Cloud Hall. After explaining everything in detail for almost an hour, the two Deacons left.
Many of the Cloud Hall's disciples dispersed in groups of three to five. Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, and Pei Tianyao walked out of the Elite Hall together. Next, they should collect some trivial things and arrange their rooms in the Cloud Hall.
But as soon as he walked out of the Elite Hall, Luo Zheng's eyes fell on a huge map on the wall.
"This is a map of the Central Domain," Hua Tianming said.
In the past, when Luo Zheng was in the Eastern Domain, he felt that the Eastern Domain was vast and boundless. But after seeing the map of the Central Domain, Luo Zheng understood why some people said that the Eastern Domain was just a small corner.
In the corner of this map, the location and size of the Eastern Domain were also drawn. If the Central Domain was compared to an elephant, then the Eastern Domain was equivalent to a pig. Purely from the perspective of territory, the two were not on the same level.
Just as they were looking at the huge map, Red Maple also walked out. When he saw Luo Zheng, he immediately smiled and approached him. This guy liked to follow Luo Zheng since the beginning of the Trial Path. "The Cloud Hall's map is very detailed. Almost all the forces in the Central Domain are divided!"
It wasn't difficult for any warriors in the Central Domain to obtain this information, but this was the first time Luo Zheng and the others had seen it.
Not only did Luo Zheng find the Cloud Hall marked as a Fourth Grade Sect on the map, he also found the other three Fourth Grade Sects. They were the Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Dark Yin Mansion.
The Cloud Hall was one of the top Fourth Grade Sects, and it was only one step away from becoming a Fifth Grade Sect. These three Fourth Grade Sects were only slightly weaker than the Cloud Hall, and they had many Divine Core warriors!
As for the only Fifth Grade Sect, it was called the Void Spirit Sect. It was located in the center of the Central Domain, and it was called the Void Sky City. The scale of this Fifth Grade Sect was even larger than the Cloud Hall. It was said that the Sect Chief of the Void Spirit Sect had cultivated to a level that ordinary people couldn't comprehend.
Luo Zheng memorized all the information in his mind. Then, he saw many places with individual names. He asked again, "What's with those names?"
"Hehe, not all warriors like to establish their own sects. Some warriors are used to being alone, and they don't belong to any big sects. That's why they can only mark their names on the map!" Red Maple explained. He was a man who loved to gossip and gossip, so he was very familiar with these things. "Look at this' Reverend Nan Hua, Xiang Tianxing 'in the corner. He's a mighty warrior from the southern part of the Central Domain."
Were all the mighty warriors marked on the map? Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then he scanned through the names on the map.
There weren't many people whose names were marked on the map. Basically, they were all the top warriors in the Central Domain, and there were only about ten of them in total. Most of them were warriors who had surpassed the Divine Core realm!
Soon, Luo Zheng's eyes landed on a name. The Eastern Evil King, Cui Xie!
This was the man who took Luo Yan away. When Luo Zheng saw the name, he immediately stared at it. Even though he was trying his best to suppress his emotions, the sensitive Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming were able to tell that Luo Zheng was acting strangely.
Both Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming knew that Luo Zheng was under a lot of pressure. The gigantic face that appeared in the sky above the Blue Cloud Sect belonged to a mighty warrior from the Central Domain. However, Hua Tianming and the others had no idea what this man's name was. When they saw Luo Zheng staring at the name, they were able to guess who it was.
So, the man who took Luo Yan away was the Eastern Evil King.
"Red Maple, how strong is this man?" Luo Zheng pointed at Cui Xie's name and asked.
Baili Hongfeng blinked and said with a smile, "I'm not that bad."
Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming both stared at Red Maple with a strange expression. What did he mean by 'his strength is alright'?
Red Maple continued, "No one in the Central Domain is his opponent. Even the Sect Master of the Fifth Rank Sect, Xu Ling Sect, has to give him some face! Cui Xie is the most powerful person in the Central Domain! "
If supercilious eyes could kill, Red Maple would have been killed twice by Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming's supercilious eyes … Both of them had the same thought. This Red Maple was an idiot, even more idiotic than Li Yifeng.
Luo Zheng didn't care about Red Maple's joke. He just looked at the name calmly.
In fact, Red Maple's answer wasn't out of his expectations. To be able to make the Blue Cloud Sect hand over Luo Yan with just a few words, this person's strength was definitely not simple. After all, the Blue Cloud Sect belonged to the Cloud Hall. This kind of thing couldn't be ignored by the Cloud Hall.
The only possibility was that even the Cloud Hall wasn't this person's opponent!
And the Cloud Hall was the top of the Fourth Rank Sects. In the Central Domain, its power was probably second only to the Fifth Rank Sect, Xu Ling Sect. To be able to make the Cloud Hall take away Luo Yan without saying a word, this already showed Cui Xie's strength.
The strongest person in the Central Domain, the most powerful person in the Central Domain ….
In front of such a powerful person, Luo Zheng probably couldn't even be compared to an ant, as small as a speck of dust.
His anger, fear, and excitement …. These emotions were useless. He could only be calm, silent, and calm. Only in this way could he control his emotions.
"Hey, Luo Zheng, why are you asking about this person? His name is very famous. Haven't you heard of him in the Blue Cloud Sect before? Your Eastern Domain is too remote …. "
"I still have some information about him. I heard that he wants to set up some kind of Joyous Union Array and capture three top quality beauties …."
"He wants to proclaim himself an emperor and establish a God's Nation in the Central Domain. This is a feat that no one in the Central Domain has accomplished for thousands of years …. Hey, why are you suddenly ignoring me? Why are you leaving!"
Red Maple chattered endlessly, but Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear and floated away.
Seeing this, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao also left. But when they left, Hua Tianming fiercely glared at Red Maple. "Shut up!"
Pei Tianyao faintly scolded, "Idiot!"
So Red Maple stupidly stood in place with a face full of grievances. He said with a sad face, "Who did I offend?"
Through this map, Luo Zheng only had a general understanding of the distribution of forces in the Central Domain. The map was not very detailed. After all, the Cloud Hall could not draw the real secrets on the map and openly display them.
"Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng was walking forward quickly. Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao followed behind him and called out to him.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng's face had a dull expression.
He was like a student who studied hard and set a grand goal. He hoped that one day he would pass the exam. He worked hard and finally got 100 points in the exam. Then, he suddenly found that if he wanted to achieve this goal, he had to get 100,000 points, or even a million points, or even ten million points to achieve this goal ….
This huge goal seemed to be hanging in the distant sky, laughing at Luo Zheng.
It was not that he was not qualified. It was that Luo Zheng had not even entered the door.
Even if Luo Zheng did not give up, when he saw the gap between heaven and earth, he could not bring himself to be ambitious. So, he had to adjust his state of mind.
"Cui Xie is indeed very strong," Hua Tianming's iconic sword-like eyebrows slightly raised. "He is the strongest person in the Central Domain. I'm afraid that as long as he wants to, it won't be difficult for him to destroy the Cloud Hall! But I have a premonition that one day, you will kill him! "
Pei Tianyao did not say much. He just nodded faintly. "I also believe it."
Luo Zheng's expressionless face suddenly moved. He slowly revealed a trace of a smile. Finally, he grinned and said, "You guys really believe it?"
"These are not words to comfort you. If other people heard this, I'm afraid they would think that we are talking nonsense. But I just believe it!" Hua Tianming said seriously. Pei Tianyao also nodded at the same time.
Luo Zheng's deep eyes rippled with a complex circle of ripples. Like a bright star, his eyes lit up again. "Since you choose to believe, I will also choose to believe. One day, I will kill him!"
Although Luo Zheng did not know how far he could go in martial arts, if he wanted to reach the peak of martial arts, he must face this opponent directly.
＝＝＝＝＝