At the same time, in the Central Domain's Easternmost Region, the Gigantic Mountain Range.
The gigantic mountain seemed to be able to reach into the heavens, blocking the tsunamis from the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Due to the high altitude, the thousands of peaks in the Gigantic Mountain Range were covered in a layer of snow that was over ten zhang thick! If a person were to fall into the snow, they wouldn't be able to climb out at all. This was a forbidden zone for mortals.
Even Divine Illumination Realm experts wouldn't dare to go too deep. Although they could fly, the violent snowstorm on the mountain peaks could cause thousands of wind blades to appear at any time! In addition, there were many unknown beasts and Demonic Beasts in the Gigantic Mountain Range, as well as some unknown creatures. Anything that could survive in such a harsh environment would definitely not be a weak existence.
But today, the highest peak in the Gigantic Mountain Range, Pearl Jade Peak, had been completely melted!
The snow on this mountain had accumulated for thousands of years, but it was completely melted today, exposing the black mountain peak that was completely out of place with the surrounding snowy peaks.
A muscular man with a bare upper body stood on the mountain peak, panting heavily. Behind him, there was a gray flame burning. Beneath this man's feet was a Snow Flood Dragon that was over fifty zhang long!
Snow Flood Dragons were also part of the Flood Dragon Clan. They liked to live in places of ice and snow, and were naturally ferocious and powerful!
Such a ferocious beast was currently lying motionless beneath the man's feet. Many parts of its huge body were already charred black.
"Little Cui Cui! Didn't you say you wanted to bring me to see the snow and eat the heart of a Snow Flood Dragon? You've melted the snow on Pearl Jade Peak, how am I supposed to see the snow? " Behind the tall and sturdy man, there was a woman wearing a fox fur coat. She was floating in the air, but her sleeping posture was so alluring that it was as if she was floating in the air.
Her voice was enchanting and sweet, making people feel that it was sweeter than a hundred kinds of honey mixed together! What made people's blood boil was that apart from the fox fur coat, she wasn't wearing anything else. She only used the fox fur coat to cover the important parts of her body. The rest of her body was covered in large patches of skin that was whiter than the newly fallen snow.
"Don't f * cking tempt me. If you want to see the snow, I brought you here. If you want to eat the heart of a Snow Flood Dragon …" The tall and sturdy man grabbed the dying Snow Flood Dragon's heart and pulled it out. A creature like the Snow Flood Dragon's life force was extremely strong. Even after suffering such serious injuries, its heart was still beating to beat vigorously.
Seeing the blood still beating Snow Flood Dragon's heart, the woman's complexion. "Ah, Cui Cui, Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui, how can I eat this!"
The tall and Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui Cui's face.
The enchanting woman slowly floated beside the tall and sturdy man. She wrapped her fair and delicate arms around his neck, then she whispered, "Little Cui Cui, it's not that I don't want to, but if you want to cultivate the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, you'll need three Extreme Purple Yin Bodies … I've kept my body for you for thirty years, if you still can't find a third Extreme Purple Yin Body, do you think I'll have to wait for thirty years for nothing?"
The tall and sturdy man grabbed the enchanting woman's hand and pulled her into his embrace. With an evil smile on his face, he said, "Don't worry, that Luo Yan's talent is not any weaker than yours, and it will only take him one or two years to break through to the Divine Core realm. As for the other Extreme Purple Yin Body, I've already found it, and I believe it won't take long before I find it. At that time, I'll be able to satisfy you, satisfy you greatly!"
After saying that, the tall and sturdy man purposely rubbed the blood from the Flood Dragon's heart onto the enchanting woman's skin, causing her to scream out in pain …
This tall and sturdy man was the Eastern Heretic King, Cui Xie! As for the other enchanting woman, her name was Si Miaoling.
Si Miaoling was the same as Luo Yan, she also possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body. She had followed Cui Xie for more than thirty years, and for the sake of cultivating the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, she had kept her virginity for him!
Not all women were against cultivating the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation with Cui Xie. In fact, the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation wasn't an evil skill that required the use of Yin energy to supplement Yang energy, it was a dual cultivation formation. Although the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation was extremely beneficial to Cui Xie, it was also beneficial to Si Miaoling.
While Cui Xie and Si Miaoling were teasing each other, Cui Xie's expression suddenly darkened.
"Little Cui Cui, what's wrong?" Si Miaoling asked with a coquettish voice.
Cui Xie smiled coldly and said, "Interesting, very interesting. I can feel a trace of an obsession to kill!"
Cui Xie cultivated a special technique that matched his supreme talent. Therefore, he could feel the killing intent towards him!
The Eastern Heretic King, Cui Xie, had a great reputation in the Central Domain. Naturally, there were many people who hated him. However, even if someone said that they wanted to kill him, Cui Xie couldn't sense it. After all, he wasn't an immortal and couldn't reach such a level.
However, with his mystical perception, he could sense a very strong obsession to kill!
Only a mortal enemy would have such an obsession to kill! This meant that the hatred the other party had for him had reached the point of wanting to kill him.
However, although he could sense the existence of this obsession, he couldn't find out who it was.
"Eh?" Si Miaoling also had a strange expression on her face. "In this vast Central Domain, which old bastard dares to have designs on our Little Cui Cui? Aren't they afraid that Little Cui Cui will kill his way to their door and cause trouble for them? "
"Hehe, that's what's strange. The other party's strength seems to be very weak and not worth mentioning at all. But why does he hate me to this extent?" Cui Xie also had a puzzled expression on his face. The strength of the owner of this obsession to kill seemed to be pitifully weak, but he actually had such a strong obsession to kill him. Who could it be …
"Whatever. Since he's just an ant, what's there to worry about?" Si Miaoling chuckled. Then, she reached out her fair hand and wiped the Snow Dragon's blood on Cui Xie's face.
Although Cui Xie's complexion had returned to normal, he still hadn't let go of this matter in his heart. He had sensed that there were at least ten thousand such murderous intents. Under such a strong murderous intent, many people would plan to kill him.
Assassination, open assassination, murder … He had seen all kinds of methods, and without exception, they had all failed.
Cui Xie was generally too lazy to pay attention to this kind of boring obsession. There was a period of time before when he even blocked this annoying perception. There were too many people who wanted to kill him. That mysterious innate talent would remind Cui Xie that "someone really wants to kill you" for no reason. This kind of reminder was torture for Cui Xie. There were many people who wanted to kill him, but only a few dared to do it, and not a single one succeeded!
But today, this obsession to kill caused his valiant heart to contract slightly in an instant. Cui Xie couldn't understand this. The other party was clearly an ant, so why did he feel a trace of uneasiness?
Cui Xie was a rough person, but he was meticulous in his work.
If he could find out who the other party was, he would very likely directly kill this person. Unfortunately, although he could sense the other party's obsession to kill, he couldn't find out who the other party was …
Luo Zheng didn't know that the decision he made in an instant had been sensed by Cui Xie, who was hundreds of thousands of li away …
These words were said to himself.
His martial heart had always been stable, but today, he suddenly understood the difference in strength between himself and the East Evil King, which caused him to waver a little.
However, this wavering was quickly fixed. Not only was it fixed, but Luo Zheng's martial heart became even more stable!
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes recover, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao were also very happy.
For the next period of time, Luo Zheng stayed in the Cloud Hall to cultivate. He needed time to digest the inheritance of the Road of Trials.
Sitting upright in the secret room, Luo Zheng's hands spun like a wheel. His True Essence spun continuously along Luo Zheng's hands, and as his spinning speed increased, it formed a complete closed loop.
"The 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 was the Demon Blood Emperor's strongest attack method. I didn't expect it to be so easy to cultivate!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly as he looked at the spinning True Essence wheel in front of him. Although there was still a certain distance to cultivate the first layer of the 《Wheel of Death》, it had already begun to take shape.
Evil Qi cultivation methods had these advantages. It was easier to cultivate than other cultivation methods, and its power was also greater than other cultivation methods. It was a shortcut on the path of martial arts, and had attracted countless people to take this path. However, the corresponding price was the backlash from the evil Qi! However, Luo Zheng, who had entered the Massacre Sword Mountain, naturally didn't have this worry.
"Let's try out the power of this 《Wheel of Death》?"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's mind moved, and he extracted a portion of killing Qi.
Who knew that as soon as he injected the killing Qi, this blood-red killing Qi would suddenly shoot towards the bottom of the cultivation room along with the rotation of the 《Wheel of Death》 …
This killing Qi seemed unstoppable. It pierced through the partition of the cultivation room, through several layers of space at the bottom, through a thick layer of rocks, and then through a floating rock that was more than four hundred zhang thick. After piercing through the floating rock, it hit the ground from a thousand meters high …