"Did it really break through the lower part of the Cloud Hall?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with a touch of horror.
The power of the Wheel of Death had greatly exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations. Through the small hole in the floor of the secret room, Luo Zheng could see a faint light.
"All the disciples cultivating in the Cultivation Rooms, come out!"
Surrounded by the long sound of the warning flute, Deacon Xiao's voice came in.
Deacon Xiao was one of the two deacons who had distributed the cloud cards that day. Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng had no choice but to withdraw the "Wheel of Death". He opened the door of the Cultivation Room and walked out.
In the Cultivation Room on this floor, several disciples of the Divine Reflection Realm looked at Deacon Xiao in puzzlement, not knowing what had happened.
"Who was it just now..." Deacon Xiao asked angrily.
Before Deacon Xiao finished speaking, Luo Zheng took the initiative to say, "Sorry, Deacon Xiao, just now I was careless and broke through the floor."
Deacon Xiao's face was originally full of anger. This floor of the Cultivation Room was at the bottom of the Cloud Hall. Not far below was the floating stone, and the floating stone was surrounded by a circle of warning runes. Breaking through the floating stone had never happened before.
The Cultivation Rooms in the Cloud Hall were all protected by layers of protection. These Cultivation Rooms could be borrowed only by a red cloud card. Therefore, the warriors who came to this floor to cultivate were basically disciples who had just entered the Elite Hall. Their strength was relatively weak, so naturally the protection was not that strong.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng's "Wheel of Death", which borrowed the power of Evil Qi, was so strong that it almost instantly penetrated the protection of the Cultivation Room and directly broke through the floating stone below the Cloud Hall.
If it was someone else, Deacon Xiao wouldn't be able to avoid punishment. But seeing that it was Luo Zheng, Deacon Xiao not only didn't punish him, but even the anger on his face dissipated. He put on a smile and said, "So it's you, Luo Zheng, who is cultivating. I can't blame you. The protection of this cultivation room is too poor. If you want to cultivate, you can borrow the cultivation room on the upper floor, and this situation won't happen!"
With the Purple Cloud Token in his hand, Luo Zheng could use the best cultivation room in the Cloud Hall, which was the cultivation room that only Elders could use. These cultivation rooms were built with the strongest material, the "Dragon Head Pig Iron," and could even withstand an all-out attack from an early Divine Core warrior.
When the other elite disciples saw Deacon Xiao's expression change, they were all speechless. Wasn't Deacon Xiao's expression changing too quickly?
However, other than being envious, they could only be envious. Who asked this Luo Zheng to have such a huge backer?
Just as Luo Zheng and Deacon Xiao were talking, the surrounding Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi suddenly fluctuated violently and gathered towards one of the cultivation rooms.
Seeing the trajectory of the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi fluctuation, Deacon Xiao's expression changed. Before he could say anything, he heard a loud bang. One of the cultivation rooms on this floor was suddenly blown to pieces. A figure was directly thrown out of the cultivation room and heavily fell to the ground. Then, he got up and rubbed his head.
This person was Hua Tianming …
Deacon Xiao suddenly had a headache. This batch of elite disciples seemed to be fiercer than the previous one. Luo Zheng had just directly pierced through the entire Cloud Hall's floating stone, and now this guy had directly destroyed the cultivation room?
Hua Tianming shook his head. Seeing Deacon Xiao and Luo Zheng, he said embarrassedly, "Sorry, I was just cultivating and couldn't control myself for a moment."
"What's your name?" Other than Luo Zheng, Deacon Xiao wasn't so polite to the others.
"Hua Tianming," Hua Tianming said seriously.
"You have to compensate for destroying the cultivation room. You have just stepped into the Cloud Hall and don't have any points yet. However, I will remember this account and deduct it from your points in the future!" Deacon Xiao sneered.
"Deacon Xiao, Hua Tianming and I are from the same sect. If you really want to pursue the matter, put this account on my head," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Put it on your head?" Deacon Xiao was slightly stunned. Then, he changed his tone and said with a smile, "In that case, I'll let it go this time. However, I still have to warn you. Don't casually destroy the cultivation room!"
After Deacon Xiao left, Hua Tianming breathed a sigh of relief. He smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Your words are still the most effective!"
Luo Zheng stared straight at Hua Tianming and asked, "Have you broken through?"
Hua Tianming nodded and said with a smile, "On the path of the Trial Takers, I vaguely felt that I was about to break through. I didn't expect that it would take me so long to reach the Divine Reflection Realm."
There was a big threshold between the Xiantian Realm and the Divine Reflection Realm. Hua Tianming had stayed in the Xiantian Full Circle for a long time. His talent might be weaker than Luo Zheng's, but he was not inferior to any of the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. After accumulating a certain level of cultivation, he naturally broke through.
"However, Luo Zheng, about the method of refining the essence of the Devil's Nightmare, have you gotten your hands on it?" Hua Tianming asked.
Luo Zheng and Hua Tianming had obtained a lot of Devil's Nightmare's Essence on the Path of Death. However, according to Xiao Die, this Devil's Nightmare's Essence could not be used directly. If it was used directly, it would be poisoned to death. Although Luo Zheng was not afraid of any poison, he would not rashly swallow it since there was no benefit to eating it.
Devil's Nightmare's Essence was something that could enhance the soul. Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng asked, "Do you really need it now?"
Hua Tianming nodded and said with a wry smile, "Cultivating the Heavenly Sword requires a very high soul strength. Without a strong soul, it would be very difficult to withstand the pressure."
To borrow the power of the heavens, one must first be able to withstand the powerful aura of heaven and earth, then use the sword to guide the power of the heavens towards one's opponent. If one could not withstand the aura of heaven and earth, how could one give the opponent the strongest blow?
Before, Hua Tianming's soul strength was not weak. At least it was enough. However, after Hua Tianming broke through to the Divine Reflection Realm, he could borrow more of the Yuan Qi of heaven and earth and the power of the heavens. Therefore, his soul could not withstand it.
Just now, Hua Tianming did not control the Yuan Qi of heaven and earth well, causing the entire cultivation room to explode.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "This is the method to refine the Black Devil Nightmare. I will help you ask, but take this first." As he spoke, Luo Zheng tapped his ring and took out a red treasure chest.
Hearing Luo Zheng say that he could help him ask about the method to refine the Black Devil Nightmare, Hua Tianming's face lit up with joy. Hua Tianming naturally understood that since Luo Zheng could survive in the mouth of the flood dragon, that mysterious disciple of the Cloud Hall could also survive. As for who that disciple of the Cloud Hall was, if Luo Zheng was not willing to say, Hua Tianming would not take the initiative to ask.
Just as he was about to thank Luo Zheng, he saw an exquisite red treasure chest appear in Luo Zheng's hand. He asked curiously, "What is this?"
"Open it and you will know." Luo Zheng laughed mischievously.
As soon as Hua Tianming opened the red treasure chest, a black shadow shot towards Hua Tianming's forehead.
Just like when Luo Zheng saw this for the first time, Hua Tianming almost instinctively wanted to dodge. However, he did not dodge and was directly hit by the black soul essence.
Hua Tianming closed his eyes and enjoyed the black substance nourishing his soul. The feeling was very comfortable, as if his soul was being caressed by a pair of invisible hands. His soul was actually growing at a visible speed!
When Hua Tianming opened his eyes again, his gaze was as sharp as a sword. He said with a face full of surprise, "This … Luo Zheng, this is something that strengthens the soul!"
Luo Zheng nodded, smiled, and did not say anything.
This time, Hua Tianming was a little embarrassed. Although Hua Tianming really needed this thing, Hua Tianming was arrogant by nature. He did not know what to say when he owed Luo Zheng such a huge favor.
"This is just a treasure chest I obtained in the Road of Trials. The soul essence obtained after refining the Devil's Essence is this thing. It's not particularly valuable … Don't look at me like that," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng still had a few red treasure chests, but he had not used them yet. Giving one to Hua Tianming was not a big deal.
However, while Luo Zheng thought this way, Hua Tianming naturally did not think this way. In fact, the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall who were watching this scene did not think this way either. Each of them had an envious expression on their faces. In their hearts, Luo Zheng was even richer than a nouveau riche. Each of them was eager to jump over and make friends with Luo Zheng …
These elite disciples of the Cloud Hall were not of poor birth. As people from the Central Domain, the worst of them came from second-rank family forces. This second-rank family force was enough to be on par with the Blue Cloud Sect. However, for them to take out a treasure like "soul essence" as a gift, they were absolutely unwilling to do so.
"Alright, we are from the same sect after all. Don't worry about this small matter," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a soft voice in his ear. "Hey! You've been in the Cloud Hall for so many days, yet you didn't contact me! I specially gave you a purple cloud card, and you didn't even thank me. You really can keep your composure! "
Little Butterfly's sound transmission token was in Luo Zheng's hands. This way, they could talk without a sound transmission talisman. However, when Little Butterfly's words suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's ear, it gave Luo Zheng a fright.
In fact, Luo Zheng really should thank Little Butterfly. At least because of that purple cloud card, Luo Zheng did not suffer any difficulties during his time in the Cloud Hall. He was able to peacefully cultivate!
When Luo Zheng had just entered the Blue Cloud Sect, he had suffered all kinds of difficulties. Now, the treatment he received in the Cloud Hall was completely different. Most people were polite to him.
"Thank you for what? I haven't forgotten that I still have half of the Heaven End Dao Fruit Tree, right? There are still many things that I haven't gotten. Who should thank who? "Luo Zheng directly used his true essence sound transmission to send a message to Little Butterfly.
"As a man, aren't you a bit too stingy? Moreover, your current boundary is too low. It's not yet time for you to swallow the Heaven End Dao Fruit Tree. You should obediently cultivate. But … it's too boring for you to cultivate like this in the practice room. I've prepared a big gift for you, hehe … "Little Butterfly laughed.