The top of the Cloud Hall was wrapped in layers of thick clouds that couldn't be dispersed. The palace at the top wasn't built with bricks, but was carved out of mysterious ice. This was an ice palace.
These mysterious ice crystals were sparkling and translucent, emitting a biting cold air. Even in the middle of summer, when there were no clouds for thousands of miles and the sun shone directly on it, it wouldn't melt in the slightest.
If an ordinary person approached these mysterious ice crystals, within a few breaths of time, their blood would be frozen into ice cubes and their entire body would turn into a sculpture.
On the throne carved out of mysterious ice, Xiao Die's white feet were bare as she lazily leaned against the back, looking at the letter tablet in front of her with a grin. Beside her, a small ice phoenix was nestled in her embrace. This little ice phoenix looked even more beautiful than before, and its feathers were more plump.
Beside Xiao Die, there was a middle-aged man in green clothes. His expression was solemn as he stood motionless.
"Alright, Daoist Master Big Dream, it's time for you to make a move," Xiao Die indifferently said.
Daoist Master Big Dream was also an elder of the Cloud Hall. He was proficient in the power of space and illusions. He and Mister Zhuo could be considered as the left and right arms of the Cloud Hall. Both of them were at the peak of their strength, and their strength was almost equal.
"Hall Master, is this really okay?" Daoist Master Big Dream was somewhat hesitant.
"What's wrong with it? This guy is especially hateful. He should have been taught a lesson long ago!" Xiao Die said as she wrinkled her small nose.
"Even if he divided half of the inheritance, in the end, he is still a disciple of the Cloud Hall. As you said, this kid's talent is extremely high, enough to be classified as a saint rank genius. He is also worthy of being nurtured by our Cloud Hall. Those inheritances were not wasted on him," Daoist Master Big Dream said as he shook his head.
Xiao Die glanced at Daoist Master Big Dream, and her voice suddenly became cold, "What should be done, I know better than you. Just do as I say."
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Daoist Master Dameng's expression turned cold. Then, he nodded, "Since Palace Master believes that using this method can train Luo Zheng, then I have no more concerns."
In fact, Daoist Master Big Dream wasn't worried about Luo Zheng's life or death. Instead, he was astonished by Little Butterfly's way of doing things. This Palace Master … was still a bit too young. Daoist Master Big Dream sighed in his heart. Soon after, he stretched out his hand and ten spots of light appeared on each of his ten fingers. Those spots of light rapidly transformed into white energy lines that rapidly extended out of the ice palace …
Luo Zheng was still communicating with Xiao Die. "What big gift? Make it clear!"
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a trace of energy fluctuation around him. Because of Xiao Die's words, Luo Zheng had a hunch that it was definitely not a good thing, so he almost retreated out of reflex.
Hua Tianming and the other Cloud Hall disciples were baffled. Why did this guy suddenly jump up and down?
Immediately after, they saw Luo Zheng's body stiffen. It was as if someone had cast a Body Securing Talisman on him. He stood there motionless.
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong?" Hua Tianming asked curiously.
Luo Zheng didn't answer Hua Tianming's question and ran up without saying a word.
At this time, Luo Zheng discovered that his body didn't belong to him at all. He felt as if there was a thin line that cut off his control over his body. Then, he felt many thin lines connecting to his body, constantly stimulating his muscles and making his body run.
In other words, he was being controlled.
This was one of Daoist Master Big Dream's abilities. He could seize control of another person's body when they were caught off guard.
However, this ability of Daoist Master Big Dream's was limited in actual combat. He didn't need to control people weaker than him, but he couldn't control people stronger than him. The biggest use of this ability was to control puppets. Using this method to control puppets would greatly increase the puppet's combat power, allowing it to do as it pleased.
Luo Zheng ran all the way in the Cloud Hall. Soon, he arrived in front of a gray building.
He couldn't help but walk over and kick the door of the gray building.
This grey building was a battle arena where the disciples of the Cloud Palace sparred with each other. However, the strength of the disciples of the Cloud Palace was also divided into different levels. Generally, the disciples of the Cloud Palace held red and green cloud tokens.
Their strength was distributed among those who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm. The highest cultivation was around the sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm.
Before Luo Zheng opened the door, some disciples were in the middle of a fight in the fighting arena. The most eye-catching fight was between Zhuo Bufan and Zhuo Feiling!
Zhuo Feiling was Zhuo Bufan's brother. He was three years older than Zhuo Bufan and was stronger than Zhuo Bufan.
However, although Zhuo Feiling was stronger than Zhuo Bufan, his status in the family was not as high as Zhuo Bufan's because Zhuo Feiling's talent was not as good as Zhuo Bufan's.
As long as Zhuo Bufan continued to cultivate, it would only be a matter of time before he surpassed his brother.
Of course, at this stage, Zhuo Bufan was far from being Zhuo Feiling's opponent. At this moment, the two of them were holding long spears and attacking each other. For a moment, the fighting arena was filled with spear shadows, dazzling the eyes of the onlookers.
After all, they were the sons of Mister Zhuo. Moreover, the two of them were indeed strong! At least, the strength they displayed was far beyond their peers!
"Bang!"
The door was suddenly kicked open. Everyone heard the noise and looked at the door in unison.
This was the arena. If one were to casually provoke others, they would be defeated in a matter of minutes. Therefore, everyone was very low-key when they came here. It was wise to leave some leeway. After all, if they were to lose in a spar, they wouldn't be beaten too badly.
Therefore, when they heard someone kick the door, many of the Cloud Hall's elites had strange expressions on their faces.
When they saw that Luo Zheng was a Xiantian lifeform, they were all stunned. Since when could a Xiantian lifeform become an elite of the Cloud Hall? Since when could a Xiantian lifeform be so arrogant?
Most of these Cloud Hall elites didn't know Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng had just joined the Cloud Hall. Only the warriors who came in with him knew him. The only one who knew about Luo Zheng's background was Zhuo Bufan!
They all looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions and thought in their hearts, "What is this guy trying to do?"
Luo Zheng really didn't want to do anything! He cursed Little Butterfly to death in his heart. Now he finally understood what Little Butterfly's "big gift" was!
He wasn't afraid of challenging opponents, but wasn't Little Butterfly a little too impatient? At least let him cultivate for a while more, or at least wait until he broke through a few realms. But now, she actually wanted to control his body and break into this fighting arena. Wasn't that too much …
What was even more excessive was yet to come.
Luo Zheng's body involuntarily walked in. Then, he raised his middle finger at the disciples of the Cloud Hall and said at the same time, "A bunch of trash. Who dares to challenge me?"
As soon as these words came out, the entire arena fell silent. Luo Zheng wanted to cry but had no tears. These weren't his words at all. Luo Zheng couldn't even move a finger. He couldn't even explain.
"Little Butterfly! I'll definitely make you pay! " Luo Zheng roared in his heart!
After saying this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that the control of his body seemed to have returned to him. He moved his wrist and said to the crowd with a smile, "Sorry, I just walked into the wrong door …"
Then, Luo Zheng turned his head and was about to walk out. However, Zhuo Feiling, who was in the fighting arena, sneered, "You want to leave after being arrogant? No way! "Zhuo Feiling stretched out his hand and gently sucked, and the door of the gray building instantly closed.
"Interesting!" Zhuo Feiling jumped down from the fighting arena and walked towards Luo Zheng. "There's actually a Xiantian lifeform among the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. This is really rare. And this Xiantian lifeform dares to challenge us so arrogantly. This is even more ridiculous! Who dares to challenge you? Let me tell you, I dare! "
Luo Zheng stretched out his hands and made an apologetic gesture. Then, he smiled and said, "Just now … I didn't say those words! Listen to me … "
"Brother, he's Luo Zheng! The first place of this year's Road of Trials! "At this time, Zhuo Bufan also came up and said behind Zhuo Feiling.
As soon as Zhuo Bufan said this, the crowd immediately understood Luo Zheng's identity. They didn't know Luo Zheng, but they had all heard of Luo Zheng's name! It was that guy whose cultivation was so low that it made people's hair stand on end, but his strength was very strong.
"Oh? So that's how it is. You're the one who made my father very angry, "Zhuo Feiling said coldly." In that case, there's no need to explain anything! "
At this time, Zhuo Bufan flashed in front of Zhuo Feiling. "Brother, you don't need to show up for this kind of little mouse. I can easily trample him to death! These guys from small places often don't know the immensity of heaven and earth. They really need to be taught a good lesson to make them obedient. "
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to explain. After all, he was really wronged. However, after hearing Zhuo Bufan's words, Luo Zheng suddenly lost interest in explaining. Anyway, he couldn't explain clearly, so he might as well be arrogant!
"Teach? Yes, I like to teach. But it's me who will teach you! "Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and said indifferently.
＝＝＝＝＝