To be honest, Luo Zheng had just entered the Cloud Hall and did not want to cause trouble. He still needed time to digest the savings he had gained from the Trial Taker's Path. Cultivating peacefully and steadily was probably the best choice for him.
However, Little Butterfly obviously did not intend to let Luo Zheng live so peacefully. She actually used this method.
Little Butterfly's strength in the Trial Taker's Path was only at the Divine Reflection Realm. According to Qinglong, she should have dispersed all her cultivation and started cultivating again. She had just returned to the Cloud Hall, so it was impossible for her strength to increase so quickly. She probably asked other experts in the Cloud Hall to control her body.
[This girl is trying to force me into a dead end …]
However, since he was already here, he might as well make the best of it. Since Little Butterfly had painstakingly brought him here, he had no reason to escape. Besides, even if he wanted to leave, he could not.
A ruthless look flashed across Zhuo Bufan's face.
When he was cultivating in the Yun Sect, Zhuo Bufan had never hated anyone. Everyone who saw Zhuo Bufan thought that he was an elegant young master with an extraordinary bearing.
That was because Zhuo Bufan had never put anyone of the same level as him in his eyes. Since he did not put others in his eyes, he would not care about them!
However, in the face of Luo Zheng, it was difficult for Zhuo Bufan to be magnanimous. Zhuo Bufan felt that his talent and luck were the best of the best, and no one of the same level could compare to him. However, the Trial Taker's Path had given Zhuo Bufan a big blow. He did not expect that such a monstrous figure would appear in a small second-grade sect. Whether it was talent or potential, Luo Zheng would be far stronger than him in the future!
Zhuo Bufan boasted that he was the most talented genius in the history of the Cloud Hall. He would never allow such a person to exist, so he had long been thinking about how to make trouble for Luo Zheng.
Firstly, he wanted to force Luo Zheng to reveal the secrets of the Trial Taker's Path. Secondly, Luo Zheng still had a large amount of Black Nightmare Essence in his hands. How could these things fall into the hands of a guy from a small corner of the Eastern Domain? Wouldn't that be a waste of God's gifts?
That day, when his father was interrogating Luo Zheng, he received a Voice-transmitting Talisman and suddenly retreated. Zhuo Bufan did not know what was going on, but since his father did not intervene, he, as his son, would do it.
"Luo Zheng, do you think that your performance on the path of the Trial Challengers will allow you to reach the heavens in a single bound? You are not qualified to teach me! If you don't believe me, "Zhuo Bufan pulled out the white spear in his hand and pointed it at Luo Zheng," the spear in my hand will make you believe me! "
When martial artists sparred, they rarely used the tip of their spear or sword to point at their opponent. This was because this was an unreasonable provocation. Unless it was a battle to the death or they simply looked down on their opponent, they would not do so under normal circumstances.
Zhuo Bufan's situation was naturally the latter. Although Luo Zheng's strength was powerful, it was not in Zhuo Bufan's eyes.
Luo Zheng looked coldly at Zhuo Bufan's white spear. Today's battle was unavoidable. Zhuo Bufan's spear was indeed very powerful! Even Pei Tianyao's Cyan Lotus Hellfire could not burn through the skin of the Flying Yaksha, but Zhuo Bufan could use the spear in his hand to kill the Flying Yaksha.
He silently took out his Bloodthirsty Sword and said in an indifferent tone, "Whether I am qualified or not, it is indeed not up to me to decide. Then let's see if your spear has the final say or if my sword has the final say!"
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, he took the lead to make a move. His figure hung upside down and made a strange and unpredictable sword step. The sharp blade of the Bloodthirsty Sword cut through the air and stabbed toward Zhuo Bufan!
The advantage of a spear was its length. As the saying went, the longer the spear, the stronger the spear was. Luo Zheng took the lead to attack because he wanted to quickly get close to Zhuo Bufan and drag him into a state of entanglement.
However, Zhuo Bufan had been practicing the spear for more than ten years since he was a child. How could he not understand this principle?
He turned around and made a feint. Streaks of spear energy formed an impenetrable wall, which swept toward Luo Zheng in an overwhelming manner.
No matter how fast Luo Zheng was or how strong his body movement was, he was afraid that he could not avoid these spears. He could only retreat.
As the distance between them increased, Zhuo Bufan's spear momentum became more violent. The silver spear tip approached Luo Zheng's chest again and again, but Luo Zheng dodged it with his strange sword steps.
"Piercing Air!"
"Reincarnation Piercing!"
"Revolving Killing Stab!"
Zhuo Bufan stabbed out three times in a row. The long spear cut through the air, bringing with it a sharp sound of wind.
In the face of Zhuo Bufan's sharp spear moves, Luo Zheng was also very cautious. He constantly used his "hanging sword" to resist, but the space in this building was limited. In addition, every spear move of Zhuo Bufan made him retreat a lot. After three moves, Luo Zheng was forced into a corner by Zhuo Bufan.
At this time, a strange smile appeared on Zhuo Bufan's face. After passing the Trial Taker's Road, he had already judged Luo Zheng's strength. Luo Zheng was stronger than Hua Tianming and slightly stronger than Pei Tianyao, but there was still a certain gap between him and Zhuo Bufan.
If Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm, Zhuo Bufan might not be a match for Luo Zheng. Unfortunately … this guy was too impatient. He was just a Xiantian lifeform, but he dared to provoke him so arrogantly. He was simply reckless!
Since he was a reckless guy, he had to pay a heavy price.
"Revolving Spear Demon God Twist!"
Zhuo Bufan suddenly flew up. His whole body suddenly became one with the white spear in his hand, and he flew toward Luo Zheng, who was in the corner.
Flying was forbidden in the Trial Taker's Road, so Zhuo Bufan had to rely on the power of his feet to jump up to use this move. However, in the Cloud Hall, there was naturally no need for this.
Luo Zheng could no longer retreat. He had been forced into a corner. He frowned and stared at Zhuo Bufan, watching him become one with his white spear and strangling towards himself. This move was the one that had killed the Flying Yaksha. It was very powerful. Luo Zheng had seen it before!
Although Luo Zheng's spiritual body had very strong defensive power, according to Luo Zheng's estimation, it was still slightly weaker than the transformed Flying Yaksha. Since this "Revolving Spear Demon God Twist" could kill the Flying Yaksha, it could also kill him.
"I really admire a Xiantian lifeform for being able to do this. But looking at this guy, I don't think he can resist Zhuo Bufan's spear," said an elite of the Cloud Hall.
Zhuo Feiling, who was watching the battle from the side, laughed and said, "Nonsense. Although this move is Bufan's trump card, it is not his strongest killing move! If Bufan uses his' Annihilation Spear ', I'm afraid even I have to be careful! "
"This guy does have the right to be arrogant, but it's a pity that he is too impatient. When he steps into the Divine Reflection Stage, I'm afraid he can really defeat us." Another elite of the Cloud Hall also looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. Just Luo Zheng's sword steps had already convinced him.
Zhuo Bufan's "Revolving Spear Demon God Twist" almost arrived in front of Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye. The spear tip, which was spinning at high speed, formed a turbulent vortex, which seemed to be able to crush everything close to it into powder!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed. From the tip of his [Bloodthirst], a purplish black light lit up. That light was Luo Zheng's Heavenly Demon Vital Essence.
Then Luo Zheng's wrist turned slightly, and the [Bloodthirst] moved with Luo Zheng's wrist, drawing a perfect circle in the air. At the same time, the Heavenly Demon Vital Essence began to rotate along this circle. The faster Luo Zheng's wrist turned, the faster the circle spun. Soon, a "Wheel of Death" appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Although Zhuo Bufan saw this black circle, he did not doubt it. His "Revolving Spear Demon God Twist" was extremely powerful. No matter what stood in front of it, it would be crushed into powder! This was what it meant to defeat ten with one's strength! No matter how ingenious Luo Zheng's methods were, they could only be juggling in front of his absolute strength.
But when Zhuo Bufan's spear tip reached into the black circle, he suddenly felt an even stronger force driving him to rotate. At the same time, his spear tip was tightly sucked into the black circle.
"What's going on?"
Zhuo Bufan suddenly felt dizzy. The [Revolving Spear Demon God Twist] was originally maintained at a high speed, but this black circle suddenly increased the speed of his rotation by several times!
The onlooking elites of Cloud Palace had also noticed something strange. At first, they thought that Zhuo Bufan had done it on purpose. After all, the faster the spinning speed of Zhuo Bufan's Revolving Spear Demon and God Twist, the more powerful it was, but …
Wasn't Zhuo Bufan rotating too fast? Because the rotating speed was too fast, they could not see Zhuo Bufan's expression clearly. Because of the high-speed rotation, his whole body looked like a white thing, like a white silver carp twisting its body.
At this time, a smile flashed on Luo Zheng's face. Through these days of cultivation, he had become familiar with some of the characteristics of this "Wheel of Death".
The first move of the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 seemed to be to use True Essence to construct a high-speed rotating True Essence wheel. Then, this True Essence wheel could suck in everything that passed through it and then shoot it out! Luo Zheng could not explain the principle behind it clearly. After all, Luo Zheng had not mastered the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》. He had only mastered the rudimentary form of the "Wheel of Death".
He was merely guessing whether the Wheel of Annihilation would be able to absorb Zhuo Bufan's spear, and that was why he'd executed this move. If the Wheel of Annihilation was unable to resist Zhuo Bufan's spear, then he would immediately summon Yao Ye and the Blood Demon Emperor's enormous sword and utilize it to block the spear! However, most of the Cloud Hall disciples had seen that giant sword on the path of the Trial Challengers. If he casually summoned it, it would be a little troublesome.
However, he did not expect the "Wheel of Death" to be so effective. At the very least, Zhuo Bufan seemed to be in a rather miserable state right now …
The whistling sound of the wind blew past Zhuo Bufan's ears. His spinning speed grew faster and faster, and he was almost unable to stop. Due to the spinning speed being too fast, his consciousness was almost blurred. However, the spinning speed was too fast, and he could not even speak. He could only tightly grip his white spear and not let go.
The few Cloud Hall elites revealed astonished expressions. They were completely unable to understand what was happening before their eyes!
Zhuo Feiling naturally could not tell that the black ring Luo Zheng was using was the Blood Demon Emperor's 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》. However, he felt that Zhuo Bufan's current situation was very troublesome. He could only coldly say, "Kid, that's enough! Let go of Zhuo Bufan! "
However, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to him. Instead, he sneered and said, "It's not like he has no arms or legs. He can choose to let go!"
Indeed, Luo Zheng's "Wheel of Death" had only sucked in Zhuo Bufan's spear. It did not suck in Zhuo Bufan's arms and legs. As long as he let go of his weapon, he would be able to escape.
"I told you to let go!" Zhuo Feiling said coldly. He held a blood-red spear in his hand. He actually wanted to attack!
"Alright, since your Zhuo Clan is so shameless, sending two of you when you can't beat me, I'll let him go." Luo Zheng smiled coldly and waved his hand, stopping the "Wheel of Death" abruptly.