Seeing this scene, the dozen or so elites of the Cloud Hall were stunned, and no one spoke.
Most of these elites of the Cloud Hall were at the fourth or sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm, which was slightly higher than Zhuo Bufan's realm. But in terms of real strength, they were not much stronger than Zhuo Bufan. After all, a Heaven-grade genius like Zhuo Bufan was far stronger than his cultivation on the surface. It was not difficult for Zhuo Bufan to challenge someone of a higher realm.
But this Heaven-grade genius, who took challenging someone of a higher realm as his daily routine, was now being challenged by someone of a higher realm …
What was even more unacceptable was that this guy was only at the fourth stage of the Xiantian realm.
It was still acceptable for Zhuo Bufan, who had just entered the Divine Reflection Realm, to challenge someone in the fourth or fifth tier of the Divine Reflection Realm. After all, they were all in the Divine Reflection Realm, and Zhuo Bufan's talent and resources were all there. He had grown up under the careful nurturing of Mister Zhuo. A meal could make many warriors go bankrupt. How could they compare?
But Luo Zheng had crossed a whole realm! How big was the gap between the Xiantian realm and the Divine Reflection Realm? Everyone present had experienced it before, so how could they not know?
No wonder this guy was so arrogant. He really had the capital to be arrogant.
While many elite disciples were shocked, Zhuo Bufan jumped up from the big pit. At this moment, his hair was disheveled and his eyes were red. There was no trace of elegance and handsomeness.
But at this time, Zhuo Bufan gave people a very dangerous feeling, as if he was an enraged beast. His eyes seemed to turn into nails, firmly nailing Luo Zheng. He said in a hoarse voice, "Luo Zheng! No matter who your backer is, I want you dead! "
At first, Zhuo Bufan did not intend to kill Luo Zheng. That day, after Zhuo Bufan's father heard someone's Zhenyuan sound transmission, he immediately escaped without saying a word. The person who spoke must be a top figure of the Cloud Hall. It was not difficult to guess. Maybe it was the Hall Master!
Therefore, when Zhuo Bufan fought with Luo Zheng, he left some leeway and did not really want to kill him.
But at this time, Zhuo Bufan was completely enraged. His reason was like ice and snow in the hot summer, which had long melted away! Gray death aura appeared on his body, as if it was the aura of someone who had been dead for a long time.
From his Bai Qiang Qiang's body, the Dragon Tattoo also quietly appeared. Traces of blood-red light constantly appeared on the Dragon Tattoo. When the red light reached its peak, the color actually changed again. The blood-red light slowly dimmed, and was replaced by a black Dragon Tattoo. Moreover, there was a steaming Death Qi blooming from it.
"Bufan, are you going to use that skill?" Zhuo Feiling's expression changed.
Upon hearing Zhuo Feiling's words, the faces of the Cloud Hall's elite disciples changed.
Annihilation Spear …
Most people had heard of this move because it was Mister Zhuo's signature move!
It was said that to cultivate this "Annihilation Spear", one must be born with the ability to communicate with the underworld.
The Underworld was an incomprehensible existence to the martial artists of the Great Thousand World. The records of the Underworld in many secret books and legends were also vague.
In the Cloud Hall, only Mister Zhuo and Zhuo Bufan had this special talent! This was also the reason why Mister Zhuo had so many children, but nurtured Zhuo Bufan as a treasure. With this special ability, as long as he grew up, it was very likely that he would surpass Mister Zhuo.
Bits of black death aura escaped from Zhuo Bufan's body and curled around his white spear. Surrounded by this death aura, Zhuo Bufan's face looked particularly terrifying.
In the ice palace at the top of the Cloud Hall, Xiao Die and Daoist Master Dameng were staring at Xin Gui.
"Zhuo Bufan is going to use the Annihilation Spear. Although his spear is not very mature, its power is still very terrifying. I'm afraid that Luo Zheng won't be able to block it …" In Daoist Master Dameng's opinion, if Luo Zheng couldn't block this spear, the consequences would be very serious. The Annihilation Spear, as its name implied, could destroy almost everything. Zhuo Bufan had just been beaten so badly by Luo Zheng, so it was impossible for him to hold back when he used this spear in anger.
Xiao Die's eyes seemed to be covered with a layer of icy mist, and her gaze was unfathomable. "No need, let Luo Zheng block it himself. I think he should be able to. The power of the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 is not any weaker than the 《Annihilation Spear》."
Xiao Die was very familiar with the Annihilation Spear. Back then, she had taken a fancy to Zhuo Bufan's Annihilation Spear and planned to use him to break the barrier. But in the end, she chose Luo Zheng. Perhaps this was the will of the underworld!
What kind of person was the Demon Blood Emperor? Since he had chosen the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 as his main cultivation technique, how could it be inferior to the 《Annihilation Spear》? Even if Luo Zheng had just started cultivating, Xiao Die was very confident in Luo Zheng! What's more, what Xiao Die was doing now was to test Luo Zheng's intentions.
It was just that although Daoist Big Dream had heard that Xiao Die was able to obtain the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritance mostly because of Luo Zheng's help, he still had some reservations about Luo Zheng's true strength. Just like what most people saw, Luo Zheng's cultivation realm was too low …
But since Xiao Die was so confident, Daoist Big Dream couldn't say much. He could only quietly watch Xin Gui.
Strands of gray death qi gathered on Zhuo Bufan's white spear. Just by looking at this death qi, one would feel that one's soul was affected, as if it could corrode one's soul. Zhuo Bufan held the white spear in his hand, as if he was a ghost from the underworld. "My 《Annihilation Spear》 can shatter all techniques in the world! Luo Zheng, let's see how you deal with this spear! "
Looking at this spear that had reached the pinnacle of power, Luo Zheng's expression became serious. He started to rotate the 《Killing Wheel》 …
At the same time, he continuously extracted three portions of infernal qi from the Slaughtering Sword Mountain!
Cultivation techniques that used infernal qi were so tyrannical. One portion of infernal qi could erupt with great power, and three portions of infernal qi were even more terrifying.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have a lot of infernal qi in reserve. When he had returned to the Luo family, he had obtained several portions of infernal qi from killing the blood prisoners. After entering the Trial Challenger Path, he had gathered them in bits and pieces and stored them in the Slaughtering Sword Mountain. In addition, Luo Zheng had also obtained several portions of infernal qi from killing hundreds of Black Devil Nightmares on the Path of Death.
At this time, Luo Zheng had expended three portions of infernal qi in one breath. He was also somewhat distressed, but facing such a terrifying spear from Zhuo Bufan, he had no choice but to be careful.
"Die for me!"
The Annihilation Spear was mixed with a thick aura of death as it fiercely stabbed towards Luo Zheng. Even the spectating Cloud Hall elites felt their hearts tighten when they saw this spear. Zhuo Bufan had indeed obtained all of Mister Zhuo's inheritance. Putting aside the power of this spear, the oppressive feeling it gave off was unexpectedly strong!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's long sword trembled, and three portions of infernal qi erupted at the same time!
Generally, people who cultivated the Path of Slaughter would have layers of infernal qi on their bodies. When ordinary people saw this kind of person, they would feel that their infernal qi was very heavy. Just like Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Yao Ye, if he summoned it, others would be able to feel his infernal qi at a glance.
However, Luo Zheng had stored his infernal qi in the Slaughtering Sword Mountain. Before he used his infernal qi, he looked like an ordinary person without the slightest trace of infernal qi. But when he suddenly erupted with infernal qi, it was as if he was possessed by a demon god.
"Hey, why has Luo Zheng's aura completely changed? The infernal qi is so heavy. He doesn't seem to be walking the Path of Slaughter!"
"Yeah, I couldn't feel the slightest trace of infernal qi from him before. Why is this …"
"He actually walked the Path of Slaughter. Isn't he afraid of the infernal qi in his body?"
While many disciples were puzzled, Luo Zheng had already channeled the three portions of infernal qi into his [Bloodthirsty Sword]. Then he lifted his foot, pulled back his arm, and suddenly leaned forward. His sword fiercely stabbed towards the [Wheel of Death].
"Xiu!"
A blood-colored infernal qi as thick as an arm shot out from the [Wheel of Death]!
Generally speaking, when the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall came here to exchange pointers, they wouldn't use their true strength. The exchange of pointers would generally stop at a certain point.
But at this time, both of them had used their strongest moves. Those elite disciples who were originally very close to them were now constantly retreating, for fear of being affected by the two of them.
"Ding!"
To everyone's surprise, they were originally afraid that the exchange of blows between the two of them would produce terrifying aftershocks. But in fact, the moment the two of them exchanged blows, there was only a slight crisp sound. Luo Zheng's [Bloodthirsty Sword] just happened to touch Zhuo Bufan's white spear.
That white spear actually began to shatter little by little in front of everyone's eyes. Moreover, it shattered very thoroughly. This middle-grade spiritual weapon was like rotten wood, disintegrating into little white fragments.
When the white spear continued to shatter and finally spread to Zhuo Bufan's hand, Zhuo Bufan's arm was seen to be twisted in an inconceivable shape. At the same time, it was constantly emitting crackling sounds …
One could imagine that the bones in Zhuo Bufan's right arm were probably shattered into pieces, just like the white spear in his hand.
"Ah!"
The bones in his arm were broken inch by inch. The intense pain made Zhuo Bufan scream miserably. At the same time, he kept rolling on the ground.
Zhuo Feiling quickly walked to Zhuo Bufan's side. He took out a white elixir that exuded an elegant fragrance and stuffed it into Zhuo Bufan's mouth. Zhuo Bufan's arm was thus crippled. Although it could be healed by elixirs, it would take a long time for the bones to completely heal. Not only that, even if the injury on the arm was healed, the strength of the bones would be greatly reduced.
Zhuo Feiling's face was gloomy. He stood up and stared at Luo Zheng with a sneer. "You're very good. Not only did you block Zhuo Bufan's spear, you also crippled his arm."
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he smiled faintly, "If you want to denounce me, then I advise you to save your breath. If I didn't cripple his arm, then he would have taken my life. If that's the case, then crippling his arm is considered light. Logically speaking, I should have killed him."
"You're courting death!" Zhuo Feiling spat out these two words. Finally, he stabbed his blood-red spear towards Luo Zheng.
Zhuo Feiling's cultivation was at the ninth stage of the Xiantian realm. He was only one step away from the Divine Reflection realm. This kind of powerhouse was far stronger than any of Luo Zheng's opponents.
However, when Zhuo Feiling stabbed his spear, Luo Zheng's body suddenly floated up and flew up.