All the elite disciples, including Zhuo Feiling, felt like their minds were in a mess at this moment.
No matter how monstrous Luo Zheng was, no matter how talented he was, and no matter how strong he was, he was still a Xiantian Realm cultivator!
Xiantian Realm cultivators could not fly.
This was related to the principle of True Yuan circulation. Only after entering the Divine Realm could one burn their True Yuan to fly.
No matter how high a Xiantian Realm cultivator could jump, they would eventually land on the ground. Since ancient times, no Xiantian Realm cultivator had ever been able to break through this barrier.
But what was going on with Luo Zheng? He dodged Zhuo Feiling's spear and floated steadily in the air …
Everyone's faces were filled with confusion as they faced this incomprehensible situation.
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. His lips moved slightly as he spoke to Xiao Die's transmission token, "I didn't expect you to have a conscience!"
However, Xiao Die's next words made Luo Zheng's face darken. She chuckled and said, "If you die like this, how can I relieve the hatred in my heart? I will slowly torture you. From now on, you will come here every day and challenge the many elite disciples of the Cloud Hall! "
Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. Although it was good to have a backer after entering the Cloud Hall, he did not want to be played like this!
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng did not have a choice.
Although Zhuo Feiling was a little surprised to see Luo Zheng fly into the sky, it did not mean that he would let Luo Zheng go. Flying was a common thing for a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, not to mention Zhuo Feiling, who was in the ninth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm.
Zhuo Feiling's blood-red spear turned slightly as he chased after Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng's body was unbelievably nimble. He floated left and right in the air like a nimble swallow. Zhuo Feiling followed Luo Zheng all the way, chasing Luo Zheng around the area. Unfortunately, his spear could not touch Luo Zheng's sleeve.
Zhuo Feiling could not see that a faint light had already pierced through the air and connected to Luo Zheng's body. This meant that Luo Zheng was Daoist Dameng's puppet!
Under Daoist Dameng's control, how could Zhuo Feiling catch up to Luo Zheng? Zhuo Feiling would not be able to catch up with Luo Zheng. Even if Zhuo Feiling could catch up with Luo Zheng, he might not be able to defeat Luo Zheng. After all, Daoist Dameng's puppet technique had reached the legendary "Fusion Realm", and he could directly apply his power to Luo Zheng's body.
Xiao Die yawned and smiled faintly, "Alright, let's let Luo Zheng rest for today. Let Luo Zheng provoke them again. It's best if he makes them angry, or else there won't be any fun tomorrow!"
Daoist Dameng nodded. His thick fingers danced nimbly. Luo Zheng was like a marionette. His eyes revealed a helpless expression, but his mouth shouted wildly, "Hahaha, Cloud Hall's elites are all a bunch of trash. From now on, I'll come here every day to accept your challenges. I'll see how strong you bunch of trash are …"
When the Cloud Hall's elite disciples saw Luo Zheng's display of strength, they had already given up on challenging Luo Zheng. However, when they heard Luo Zheng's shout, they were filled with righteous indignation. They had seen people who looked down on others, but they had never seen someone who looked down on others like this! These Cloud Hall's elites were all self-proclaimed geniuses. They were also at the age where they were full of vigor. How could they swallow this insult? For a moment, the gray building was filled with curses again!
However, Luo Zheng smashed open the building's door and floated away amidst the curses …
After flying in a circle in the air, Luo Zheng fell with a plop. After taking back control of his body, Luo Zheng's face was full of helplessness. He said through the voice transmission token, "Great aunt, I'll call you great aunt, okay? Don't play with me like this! "
However, Xiao Die didn't appreciate it at all. "No, you should rest well today. We'll continue tomorrow morning!"
Luo Zheng didn't seem to have any other way to resist other than scrunching up his face like a bitter gourd. He felt like a lump of dough that Xiao Die could knead at will. If she wanted to make it flat, it would be flat. If she wanted to make it square, it would be square.
After a night, Luo Zheng used the "Ten Thousand Fiend Wheel of Existence" in actual combat and had a new understanding of it. He also seized the time to cultivate throughout the night. However, early the next morning, Luo Zheng felt a little energy fluctuation approaching him. Before he could dodge, he felt his body tremble …
Then, Luo Zheng opened the door and continued to run toward the gray building.
"Do you have to be so early?" Fortunately, Xiao Die didn't deprive him of the right to speak.
"I already said that you'll come once a day starting from yesterday!" Xiao Die said indifferently.
Because Luo Zheng had taught Zhuo Bufan a lesson yesterday and left behind such wanton and arrogant words before he left, the news immediately spread among the Cloud Hall's elites.
The strength of the Elite Hall's disciples ranged from the early Divine Reflection Stage to the extreme Divine Reflection Stage. When these hot-blooded disciples heard Luo Zheng's words, they all exploded with anger. How could some newcomers be so arrogant nowadays? If they didn't teach him a lesson, would he really think that there was no one in the Elite Hall?
The gray building was originally for the Elite Hall's disciples to exchange pointers. In fact, there weren't many disciples there usually. Most of them were either busy with the Cloud Hall's missions or diligently cultivating.
But today, the gray building was full of more than a hundred people, and most of them were in the middle stage of the Divine Reflection Stage, which was the fourth to sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Stage. A small number were in the seventh to ninth stage of the Divine Reflection Stage.
The Elite Hall's disciples were all selected from millions of people. Everyone's talent wasn't bad, and they were at least Human-level geniuses. There were many Earth-level geniuses, and even a small number of Heaven-level geniuses!
"I want to see who this Xiantian lifeform is today. I've never seen such an arrogant kid in my life! "
"He hasn't appeared yet. Is he afraid that he'll be beaten to death? I heard that kid can fly when he's still a Xiantian lifeform? That's really strange! "
"Since that kid said he'll come, he'll probably come, right? I don't know what he's planning. What's the benefit of offending the entire Cloud Hall's Elite Hall? "
"Who knows? Some people just have cheap mouths. With all of us here, I think we can beat his mouth until it's swollen! "
At this time, another young man dressed in brown linen clothes walked in. This young man had a tall and sturdy body and was on par with Shi Jingtian. The temples on both sides of his forehead were bulging and his eyes were as sharp as lightning.
"Li Buyi! Even he's here! "
"No way, even the Divine Reflection Stage has been alerted? Isn't that kid dead for sure? "
Someone greeted Li Buyi, "Big Brother Buyi, you also heard?"
Li Buyi nodded and stood on the side with a smile: "I only came to join in the fun. I just finished my mission and had nothing to do. I heard that an extremely arrogant junior had come to the Elite Hall, so I came to take a look."
"Big Brother Buyi, why don't you teach that kid a lesson! There's no limit to his arrogance. That guy jumped out from that little corner of the East Territory. He comes from a second-rate sect and doesn't know that there's always someone better than him! "Someone said to Li Buyi angrily.
However, Li Buyi shook his head and said honestly: "Everyone has their moments of arrogance. With all of you here, you can always teach him a lesson. A junior at the Upper Sky Realm …" He shook his head: "If I beat him, it would be an unfair victory."
"Big Brother Buyi is right. Why should he make a move for an Upper Sky? You're overestimating Luo Zheng! "Another person said from the side.
"He's here, he's here …"
Finally, Luo Zheng appeared at the door of the grey building. Despite his unwillingness, his body was not under his control.
Many disciples from the Elite Hall stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes. It was the first time that most of them had seen Luo Zheng.
Previously, many of them couldn't believe that Luo Zheng had defeated Zhuo Bufan with the strength of a Upper Sky Realm warrior. But now, they were certain that Luo Zheng was only a Upper Sky Realm warrior, and he wasn't even a Peak Sky Realm warrior. He was only at the fourth level of the Xiantian realm.
If not for Luo Zheng's arrogance, most of them would be amazed by Luo Zheng's strength. If he was this strong as a Upper Sky Realm warrior, wouldn't he be able to challenge Divine Core warriors after he broke through to the Divine Reflection realm?
But, since Luo Zheng had said those arrogant words, he had offended all disciples from the Elite Hall. So, how could they show any respect to Luo Zheng? Therefore, all of them glared at Luo Zheng with murderous intent, as if they wanted to melt Luo Zheng with their glares.
At the same time, they also saw a strange phenomenon. Luo Zheng had a helpless expression on his face, but he still said, "Hehe, all of you trash, sorry for the long wait …" After saying this, Luo Zheng's face darkened, and he cursed Little Butterfly in his mind a million times.
＝＝＝＝＝