"Hua …"
Luo Zheng's words were like a match that had ignited a warehouse full of gunpowder. Instantly, it had ignited the atmosphere of all the martial artists inside the grey building.
"Darn it, it's the same as the rumors. This guy is not crazy, he doesn't even know his name, right?"
"Let's go together and tear this guy into pieces!"
"Kill him, kill this kid!"
If looks could kill, most likely Luo Zheng would have died a hundred times, or even a thousand times.
Even Li Buyi frowned. He sized Luo Zheng carefully. For some unknown reason, from the first time he saw Luo Zheng, he saw a trace of disharmony. However, he could not find the flaw.
It could only be said that Daoist Master Big Dream's skill in controlling puppets was too high. When a puppet master reached the "Fusion Stage," they could almost do whatever they wanted. Even if Li Buyi was at the Divine Reflection Stage, it would still be difficult for him to see through the flaws.
Luo Zheng walked in large strides. Then, he felt those threads of energy moving away from him. He had regained control of his body.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng would rather not regain control of his body! Now, he had to face a group of angry elite disciples who could eat him up — it was simply hell!
"Luo Zheng, I will challenge you!" A disciple walked up. This disciple was at the Sixth Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage.
Luo Zheng smiled lightly and tried to appear calm. Then, he shook his head and said: "I … am willing to accept your challenge, but I want to set a rule!"
"Are you joking? Who listens to your rules? You are so arrogant, why do you need rules? "
"Aren't you arrogant? Even if all of us go together, we would not be your opponent! What rules do you need? Are you guys all right? "
"Everyone, let's listen to him …"
Luo Zheng kept silent until everyone quieted down. Then, Luo Zheng said: "I will only challenge three people each day. And I will choose the people I want to challenge."
Little Butterfly's arrangement was too vicious. Luo Zheng had to think of his own ideas. If these elite disciples of the Cloud Hall and Little Butterfly did not accept, then he would rather stand there and let them beat him to death …
"What a joke, didn't you say you wanted to challenge all the disciples of the Elite Hall? Each of us is qualified, why should you choose? "A disciple said unhappily.
"Forget it, is there anyone weak in the Elite Hall? Let him choose! How powerful can a Upper Sky life form be? " There were also some disciples who accepted Luo Zheng's proposal. They believed that even if Luo Zheng could choose, it would be difficult for him to find an opponent that he could defeat.
Once again, the crowd quieted down. Luo Zheng's gaze quietly swept through the crowd. Finally, his finger fell on a disciple who was in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. There was no other way. The disciples of the Elite Hall today were not weak, and this disciple was probably the weakest one.
"Haha, this guy picked the right person. He actually picked Shangguan Baimeng!"
"Shangguan Baimeng, that brat thinks you look easy to bully!"
Shangguan Baimeng's face was full of ridicule. He moved his wrist and looked at Luo Zheng with contempt. "You didn't pick me because my level is low, only in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm, right?"
Luo Zheng chuckled and nodded. He really had nothing to say. After all, Luo Zheng's personality was not such an arrogant person. Everything could only be blamed on that damned Little Butterfly, but he just couldn't say it out loud.
"Very good, you have good eyesight, but you're destined to regret it. Although I, Shangguan Baimeng, am only in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm, there are at least 15 people stronger than me who have died at my hands. Actually, I wasn't interested in fighting a Upper Sky life form today, but unfortunately, you're unlucky to have picked me. I hope … you won't regret it," Shangguan Baimeng said with a cold smile.
"Then let's begin!" With no other choice, Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk nonsense. In any case, he had already thought it through. Little Butterfly most likely wouldn't let him die. Her goal wasn't hard to guess. She was just using a high-intensity battle to train herself. However, this method was too sinister and ruined Luo Zheng's character.
The millions of Cloud Hall's elite disciples stepped aside, and Luo Zheng and Shangguan Baimeng stood opposite each other.
Shangguan Baimeng's weapon was a pair of metal gloves. It looked very ordinary. After he put on the gloves, he stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Where's your weapon?"
Luo Zheng also waved his fist. "This is enough!"
"Haha …"
"This kid is crazy!"
"Shangguan Baimeng uses gloves because his strongest move is his fist technique. Even if others were to use weapons, they wouldn't be able to deal with Shangguan Baimeng's fist technique. This guy actually wants to use his bare hands …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, there was a burst of laughter. Shangguan Baimeng also laughed. "Let me remind you. Ever since I embarked on the path of a warrior, I have always used my gloves. I have a nickname, Iron Hands. My fists are very hard. Even if I don't use gloves, they are comparable to a spiritual weapon!"
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He really wanted to say that his entire body was a high-grade spiritual tool. However, he had already offended these people before. After thinking about it, he decided to forget about it. He just nodded and said, "I understand!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng still had no intention of unsheathing his sword, Shangguan Baimeng was too lazy to argue. The right thing to do was to get rid of this kid quickly.
Shangguan Baimeng raised his fist and lowered his body. Like a dragon swimming in water, he advanced towards Luo Zheng. With a ruthless smile on his face, he said, "I also want to remind you that once I enter battle mode, I can't stop. Even if your strength is too weak, I won't be merciful!"
After speaking, Shangguan Baimeng's pair of iron fists suddenly appeared. A bronze-colored True Essence fiercely smashed towards Luo Zheng.
"Shangguan Baimeng, kill him with one punch!"
"Shangguan Baimeng, use your Canglan Fist and blow him up with one punch!"
"This Luo Zheng's body is very fragile. Try to kill him with one blow!"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. Ever since Luo Zheng found out about Cui Xie's true strength and status, he had been constantly reminding himself that if he wanted to continue walking on the path of cultivation, if he really wanted to save his sister, he would have to put in ten times, a hundred times, or even a thousand times more effort than other people!
Although Xiao Die's actions were despicable, her goal was to squeeze out all of his potential and make him stronger.
In the future, not only would he have to face opponents at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, his future opponents would also be warriors at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm, the Divine Core realm, or even stronger than the Divine Core realm!
Therefore, during this period of time, Luo Zheng had been cultivating day and night! A few days ago, he had sent the remaining portion of the Heavenly Evolution Solution into his mind, lighting up dozens of dragon scales. With this, he would be able to borrow more energy from Qinglong's dragon scales.
Luo Zheng didn't light up any more dragon scales. Each of Qinglong's dragon scales contained a tremendous amount of energy, and although he had the body of a Spirit Item, there was still a limit to the amount of energy he could contain. If he lit up too many dragon scales, his body wouldn't be able to withstand the energy, and it would collapse on its own!
With such a tremendous amount of energy, and his body that was comparable to a Spirit Item, it wasn't arrogant of him to fight Shangguan Baimeng bare-handed!
"Canglan Heavenly Fist!"
When Shangguan Baimeng's punch was halfway through, it suddenly sped up. Following the golden glow that was emitting from his fist, his strength had increased by several folds.
"Come on, crush him!"
"Crush his head with one punch!"
"Break his tendons and bones. Let's see if he still dares to be so arrogant!"
Amidst the roars of the crowd, 200 dragon scales suddenly lit up, emitting a jade-green glow. All the muscles in his body instantly swelled up, and Luo Zheng's originally frail body underwent a huge change at this moment. Every muscle was swollen to the extreme, and every meridian was swollen like an earthworm. It was as if his skin was about to burst open!
At the same time, the energy from the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in his right hand instantly dissipated. Whether it was the strength or speed of this punch, it had reached the limits of Luo Zheng's body.
"Heavenly Demon God Fist!"
"Peng!"
Both of them were competing in strength. At this moment, the moves didn't seem to be important. What determined the outcome was strength and speed, and most importantly, the body's ability to withstand attacks.
Shangguan Baimeng and Luo Zheng hit each other's bodies at the same time. However, the moment they were hit, Shangguan Baimeng's face revealed a frightened expression, while Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile.
This Shangguan Baimeng was known as the "Iron Hands". His fists were comparable to spirit weapons, but they were only fists. His body was only slightly stronger than other warriors. However, Luo Zheng was different. He had the body of a high-grade spirit weapon, and there were three spirit inscriptions on his chest! As long as his body advanced another level, he would be able to step into the body of an immortal weapon! How could this Shangguan Baimeng compare to him?
Therefore, the moment he was hit, Luo Zheng only felt Shangguan Baimeng's ferocious fist smashing into his body. He only took a few steps back, and then a large amount of warm current appeared in his body, constantly washing his dantian, making him feel exceptionally comfortable.
On the other hand, Shangguan Baimeng was directly sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch, which contained the strength of 200 dragon scales!
Shangguan Baimeng's burly body crashed into a few elite disciples, and then heavily smashed into the wall of the building, lying motionless in the corner.