If Luo Zheng had used other methods to defeat Shangguan Baimeng, most likely they would not have been this shocked.
It was because although Shangguan Baimeng was powerful, if they were to truly fight, he would be slightly more powerful than Zhuo Bufan, who had just entered the Divine Reflection Stage. One could even say that there was not much difference between the two.
Since Luo Zheng had defeated Zhuo Bufan, naturally he could defeat Shangguan Baimeng. However, he had used his fists to defeat Shangguan Baimeng!
How famous was Shangguan Baimeng's pair of iron fists in the Elite Hall? Martial artists relied on the advantage of their weapons. Few martial artists were willing to give up their weapons and only use their fists.
Even if many martial artists practiced fist techniques, it would be a supplement to their weaknesses.
However, Shangguan Baimeng had used his fists as his greatest advantage. It was enough to show that he was extremely confident in his fists! In fact, in these few years, Shangguan Baimeng had shown outstanding talent. Indeed, the power he had unleashed was astonishing. No one dared to look down on his pair of iron fists.
Luo Zheng was clearly a swordsman. His greatest trump card should be his sword techniques. How come his body was so powerful? How could he have such great power?
This was the part they could not understand the most …
It was like an archer who was most proud of his archery skills. He could shoot a willow leaf from a hundred steps away without missing a millimeter. In the end, one day, this archer suddenly threw away his bow and competed with someone using his sword. And he also defeated the other party using his sword techniques!
Such huge difference would give a destructive blow to one's confidence. This Luo Zheng seemed to know too much.
In the corner, Hua Tianming carried his sword on his back and revealed a light smile. He understood why these elite Cloud Hall elites were so shocked. Luo Zheng was an all-rounder. It seemed that he did not have any obvious shortcomings. Almost all of his skills were excellent. Regardless of his natural strength, his tyrannical body, or the simple sword techniques, each of his skills were outstanding!
Any of his skills would be enough for others to hold their own.
Li Buyi raised his rough eyebrows slightly and revealed a surprised look from his calm eyes.
Being an elite warrior at the Divine Reflection Stage, Li Buyi was thinking about other problems! Shangguan Baimeng had relied on his True Essence to strengthen his physique and increase his strength and fist techniques. This was very normal.
Although Luo Zheng had used his True Essence, it had only been poured into his fist. His body hadn't been strengthened by the True Essence. There were people who could do this, and they were Body Refiners.
Before entering the Xiantian Secret Realm, humans would temper their bodies. However, after entering the Xiantian Secret Realm, their Dantian would be opened, and all humans would switch to cultivating Zhen Yuan cultivation techniques. Compared to body tempering, human Zhen Yuan cultivation techniques were much more powerful.
However, this did not mean that the path of body refining was difficult. There were also a small number of humans who chose to refine their bodies. It was just that in terms of body refining techniques, humans were naturally inferior to the demon race, the demon race, and other races that were born with strong physiques.
Most importantly, Li Buyi did not sense the "Vital Essence" of a body refiner from Luo Zheng. The Vital Essence was similar to the Genuine Essence. However, the Vital Essence could not be visualized. If Luo Zheng was a body refiner, it would be impossible for him to not have the Vital Essence. However, his body was tyrannical and monstrous. He was able to use pure strength to repel Shangguan Baimeng. This explained the problem. If his body was not tyrannical to a certain extent, how did he do it?
This was the reason why Li Buyi was surprised.
However, he had only come today to watch the show. Besides, even if he wanted to know the answer, Luo Zheng would not tell him. He could only stay on the side and observe quietly. This guy named Luo Zheng was truly an anomaly!
Standing in the middle of the hall, Luo Zheng moved his body and looked at the people around him quietly. He said with a light smile: "Who else wants to challenge me?"
All the elite disciples fell into a moment of silence. However, soon, someone stepped out.
"Me!"
"Me! I don't believe it, Shangguan Baimeng was only careless! "
"Guan Yue, you go, kill that kid!"
When he saw the enthusiasm of many martial artists, instantly, Luo Zheng felt a headache. Since he had chosen to use his strongest attack to defeat Shangguan Baimeng, he had planned to intimidate them. Unfortunately, it seemed to have no effect at all.
These disciples of the Cloud Hall were not martial artists from the Eastern Territory. Those disciples that could enter the Elite Hall were far more than the "one in ten thousand." They were martial artists that stood out from tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of disciples. Before entering the Cloud Hall, they were all geniuses among geniuses. They thought highly of themselves, how could they be intimidated by Luo Zheng?
"Kid, choose me! I promise I won't hurt you! " Another two brawny men stood in front of Luo Zheng with their arms crossed. Their huge bodies almost completely blocked Luo Zheng's line of sight.
These two brawny men were in the sixth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. Luo Zheng was not an idiot. Since Little Butterfly insisted on using this method to squeeze out his potential, he would not casually let others step on him. Thus, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. His gaze fell on a young man behind the two brawny men. This young man was also in the fourth layer of the Divine Reflection Realm.
"Yue Zhu, that kid chose you. Work hard!" Someone pushed the young man from behind.
This young man called Yue Zhu was just here to watch the show. He did not expect Luo Zheng to choose him. In addition, he did not have much confidence in his own strength. Luo Zheng's punch just now had him down. Thus, Yue Zhu waved his hand and asked Luo Zheng: "Can you change to someone else? I'm just here to watch the show … "
Luo Zheng nodded, indicating that he could. Since the other party was not willing to accept the challenge, Luo Zheng would not force him.
However, although Luo Zheng agreed, many disciples of the Elite Hall were not happy. "Yue Zhu, isn't your 'Wind Sword Art' completed? What are you afraid of! Beat that kid up, and I'll give you five high-grade True Origin Stones! "
"Yue Zhu, if you dare to back down, I'll break your legs!"
"You're backing down in front of a Xiantian lifeform? Yue Zhu, do you still have the face to face your Yue Clan? Do you think I won't tell your father? "
Under the pressure of the disciples of the Elite Hall, Yue Zhu looked at Luo Zheng with an innocent expression. Yue Zhu's background was not bad. He was a disciple of a second-rank clan in Cloud Sea City. The Yue Clan's power was almost on par with the Blue Cloud Sect. If his clan backed down in front of a Xiantian lifeform, it would be a great loss of face.
Thus, Yue Zhu took out his sword and walked towards Luo Zheng.
However, how could Yue Zhu, who had only comprehended Sword Intent, be a match for Luo Zheng? In addition, Yue Zhu was somewhat unwilling to fight, so he blindly took a defensive stance. After exchanging more than 20 moves with Luo Zheng, he was quickly defeated ….
The disciples of the Elite Hall also booed. Then, more than 10 people stepped forward to provoke Luo Zheng. These people who dared to provoke Luo Zheng were all confident in their strength and were confident in defeating Luo Zheng. As for the other disciples who were slightly weaker, they all shrank into a corner, afraid that they would be chosen by Luo Zheng.
In the end, Luo Zheng once again chose a relatively weak target, and easily defeated him. Then, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "Everyone, let's call it a day. Come early tomorrow!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng turned around and was about to leave. However, how could these people let Luo Zheng go?
"You want to leave? In your dreams! Let's talk after we fight! "
"Stop him! This guy is opportunistic. He chose those weak people to fight one-on-one. Why?"
"Luo Zheng! If you want to leave, you will have to pass through me first! "
This group of Elite Hall disciples rushed forward. Just as they were about to fight, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly floated like a strange shadow. He drilled out of the crowd and flew high into the sky, escaping from this gray building.
Seeing Luo Zheng's strange movements, at this time, even Li Buyi, who was at the peak of Divine Brilliance, revealed a look of shock. It was because even Li Buyi did not have the confidence to catch Luo Zheng!
"This guy …" Li Buyi shook his head with a bitter smile. An Upper Sky Realm warrior dared to challenge the Elite Hall. The strength he displayed was already amazing. Li Buyi felt that his evaluation of Luo Zheng was high enough. However, when he saw Luo Zheng fly in the air with that strange movements, he realized that he still underestimated Luo Zheng.
Naturally, Li Buyi did not know that at this time, Luo Zheng's body was being controlled by Daoist Master Big Dream. Thus, he was equivalent to Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet!
How strong was Daoist Master Big Dream? Even if he was controlling a puppet, ordinary Divine Core warriors were no match for him, let alone Li Buyi, who was only at the peak of Divine Brilliance.
"Damn it, he really knows how to fly! What the hell?! "
"An Upper Sky Realm warrior can fly, and his movement and speed … this guy is really a freak!"
"It's fine if we can't catch up to him, but he will come back anyway. Let's discuss how to deal with him!"
Luo Zheng wanted to challenge all disciples from the Elite Hall, but he would choose three opponents each time. If Luo Zheng chose weaker opponents, the Elite Hall would have no way to deal with Luo Zheng.
However, after Luo Zheng left, someone quickly came up with a plan to deal with him. Those weaker disciples shouldn't come again. This way, they could force Luo Zheng to choose stronger disciples to fight!
In short, these disciples from the Elite Hall came up with different ideas. They wanted to teach Luo Zheng a lesson, and let him know how high the heavens were and how thick the earth was.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew that he had offended all the disciples from the Elite Hall, and this was one of Xiao Die's goals. He had no other choice …
After all, a warrior had to grow through battles, and many warriors knew this. Many warriors had died during their training, or at the hands of their opponents. However, Luo Zheng could challenge his opponents without any hesitation, and at the most crucial moment, he could easily leave. Therefore, not everyone had this opportunity.
At night, while Luo Zheng was cultivating, he kept opening the red and blue treasure chests. The soul essence in the red treasure chest could increase Luo Zheng's soul strength, and the blood soul of the Nine Headed Dragon in the blue treasure chest could greatly increase his Qi and Blood.
These two things were great supplements to any warrior. Luo Zheng also knew that the disciples from the Elite Hall would eventually come up with a plan to deal with him. They couldn't let him continue to be so arrogant, so he urgently needed to increase his strength.
After swallowing all the soul essences in the red treasure chests, Luo Zheng felt that his soul strength had increased by 30%. With his eyes closed, he could feel waves of comfort coming from his soul. After a long time, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and said to Qinglong, "You said that you would teach me a method to create runes. Is my soul strong enough to learn it now?"