Humans had studied runes very deeply because they had so many uses. To some extent, runes were even more important than weapons that concerned a warrior's life.
For example, the Blue Cloud Sect's Cultivation Secret Realm was almost entirely an illusory formation built with runes and materials. As for the runes inscribed on many weapons, it was common to see runes that increased the power of the weapons.
Then there were the sect-protecting formations of various sects. Even the "fire runes" used by alchemists and blacksmiths to increase the power of flames were all drawn by rune masters using all kinds of rare materials. Only then could they display their powerful effects.
The "divine runes" that Qinglong taught him came from the rune inheritance of the wider world. It had already surpassed the concept of runes. Whether it was in terms of concept or power, the rune inheritance of the Central Domain could not be compared to it.
"Divine runes? Then can I practice divine runes now? "Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong chuckled. "You can, but even if you swallow those soul essences, your soul power is still not strong enough. Even if you learn divine rune techniques now, you can only draw the lowest level of divine runes. Are you sure you want to start learning now?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "One cannot travel a thousand miles without taking a few steps. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. If I don't take this step, how long will I have to wait?"
"En, you're right. Drawing divine runes consumes a lot of soul power. At the same time, it can also train your soul. It's right for you to start learning now …" Qinglong said slowly. "However, the first step to drawing divine runes is to imbue your soul power into the tip of the brush."
"Tip of the brush? What kind of brush? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Naturally, it's a brush for drawing divine runes. Moreover, you still lack the materials for drawing divine runes. If you want to learn divine runes, you have to prepare everything," Qinglong said indifferently. "However, you originally cultivated the 《Frightening God Thorn》 and have already comprehended the method of 'transforming soul into a thorn', so it's not difficult to imbue your soul power into the tip of the brush. These things … you can prepare them tomorrow. I'll teach you how to draw your first divine rune and see if you have the talent."
Then, a list of items appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
Seeing the list, Luo Zheng felt dizzy. Whether it was runemaster, weapon refiner or alchemist, none of them could be refined in a day. For example, Luo Zheng wanted to rely on "Heaven's Derivation Essence" to refine weapons, but it was difficult for him to learn the true method of refining weapons by relying on Che Daozi's notes. Unless he was taught by a famous master, it would be difficult for him to achieve anything by relying on his own comprehension.
This was also the reason why the descendants of landowning households and the descendants of large clans in the Cloud Hall looked down on the commoners. These people were born with a silver spoon in their mouths. If they wanted to learn something, their clans would naturally hire famous teachers for them. In the end, their achievements would definitely not be bad!
This was also the reason why it was difficult for grassroots disciples to make a name for themselves. Ninety-nine percent of grassroots disciples had lost at the starting line from the moment they were born.
Now that Luo Zheng had Qinglong as his "great teacher", he naturally didn't mind learning a secondary profession …
Early in the morning of the second day, Luo Zheng's body trembled. Once again, he was controlled by Daoist Dameng, and his body flew out of his room uncontrollably. He flew towards the grey building.
Three challenges in a single day, for Luo Zheng, it was a huge burden.
Yesterday, there were over 100 people in the grey building, and when Luo Zheng entered the building today, he was shocked. The number of people was twice as many as the previous day.
Luo Zheng had no idea how many disciples there were in the Elite Hall, but he was sure that there wouldn't be a lot of them! After all, all the disciples from the Cloud Hall and the Cloud Sect, as well as the five big sects, had to go through multiple rounds of screening. Those who were able to enter the Elite Hall were all true elites.
Luo Zheng didn't expect there to be even more people than yesterday, and some of them were even Divine Core warriors …
Wasn't it just a few taunts? Why were there so many people here? Those Divine Core warriors weren't from the Elite Hall, were they?
Indeed, those few Divine Core warriors weren't from the Elite Hall, but because of Luo Zheng's taunts for the past two days, the news had slowly spread throughout the Cloud Hall.
All the disciples from the Elite Hall knew that there was a new disciple who was extremely arrogant, and that this new disciple was a Xiantian realm warrior! Not only were the disciples from the Elite Hall shocked, even some of the old men in the Cloud Hall were alerted.
One of them was Elder Fei Han.
During the trial, Fei Han had been taking good care of Luo Zheng. If it was within his ability, Fei Han was willing to put in a good word for Luo Zheng. After all, in Fei Han's opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely shine brightly in the Cloud Hall in the future. With his talent, it was just a matter of time.
However, Fei Han didn't expect Luo Zheng's' shine brightly 'would come so early. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to challenge the entire Elite Hall right after he entered the Cloud Hall. Wasn't this a little too fast?
Out of curiosity, Fei Han secretly came to the scene to observe. However, as a Sect Elder, it wasn't appropriate for him to show his face. Therefore, Fei Han hid himself.
Luo Zheng had just arrived at the side of the grey building when Elder Fei Han made a strange sound. With his strength, of course he could see through the thin light on Luo Zheng's body. "What's going on? Luo Zheng seems to have been manipulated by someone? "
A strange expression appeared on Fei Han's face.
Using strings to control a puppet and depriving the other party of control over their body. The most famous person in the Cloud Hall was Daoist Master Dameng. Although Fei Han was old, as a Sect Elder of the Cloud Hall, how smart was he? From the beginning to the end, he had more or less guessed what had happened.
"I understand now." Fei Han had originally heard rumors that Luo Zheng was incomparably arrogant and looked down on the entire Elite Hall. In Fei Han's impression, Luo Zheng wouldn't do such a stupid thing. Even if Luo Zheng really had the strength, he wouldn't be so senseless.
Now it seemed that this was the Hall Master's doing …
Fei Han could see through it, but the Elite Hall disciples couldn't. How could they let Luo Zheng be arrogant for two days in a row? Today, they were eager to give Luo Zheng an unforgettable lesson.
However, today's results weren't optimistic. Luo Zheng successively defeated three fifth stage Divine Reflection Realm Elite Hall disciples and then fled without a trace, leaving behind a group of Elite Hall disciples who were gnashing their teeth in anger.
Luo Zheng wasn't stupid enough to challenge those seventh or eighth stage Divine Reflection Realm martial artists. If this continued, they really wouldn't be able to do much to Luo Zheng.
After today's challenges, Luo Zheng hurriedly rushed to the market square of the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall also had a market square. The purpose of setting up a market square in the Cloud Hall was for the convenience of many disciples. Some Cloud Hall disciples could also take out their own things to trade here. Moreover, there were many outside merchants in the market square. Even the largest business alliance in the Central Domain, the World Business Alliance, had set up shop in the market square of the Cloud Hall.
This market square was set up at the edge of the Cloud Hall. Walking along the street of the market square to the end, Luo Zheng could even see a vast sea of clouds. If he jumped down from the side and experienced a fall of a thousand meters, he would hit the ground head first.
It was here that Luo Zheng found a material store.
This material store didn't have a signboard. Next to the large signboard, there was a small ancient character engraved with the words "World Business Alliance".
Bystanders had heard of the "World Business Alliance". In fact, the power behind this business alliance was very strong. There were even rumors that although the World Business Alliance wasn't a sect power, it was actually slightly stronger than the Cloud Hall in terms of strength! It could be considered a quasi fifth-grade power! However, the World Business Alliance only did business blindly. They made do with what they had and never participated in any conflicts between sects.
After entering, Luo Zheng saw a dazzling array of materials in the store.
There were all kinds of strange materials, such as "Black Striped Rhino Horn", "Green Wood Thunder Light Stone", and even a "Cloud Linden" that had decayed for thirty thousand years.
Runes were a great field of study. The things contained in them were all things that predecessors had slowly figured out over ten thousand years.
In this store, there was an old man holding a round glass mirror with his head lowered. He seemed to be carefully observing the small characters on a jade pendant. That piece of ancient jade seemed to be very special. It was probably from a very long time ago. The characters on the jade pendant were strangely shaped, and Luo Zheng didn't know what was written.
"Boss!" Luo Zheng called out.
That old man, who was concentrating, was startled by Luo Zheng. The old man raised his head and glanced at Luo Zheng. When he discovered that Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian realm, a strange expression appeared on his face. Most of the people who came to the Cloud Hall's market square were at the Divine Illumination Realm or above. After all, there were very few people who could join the Cloud Hall as Xiantian experts. Even if people from Cloudsea City wanted to visit the market square of the Cloud Hall, they had to have the ability to fly up. How could they come up if they weren't at the Divine Illumination Realm?
"What do you want?" The old man said angrily. Being disturbed was something that made people angry. Moreover, Luo Zheng was only at the Xiantian realm. The old man's temper was even worse.
"I want to buy some materials and a pen for drawing runes," Luo Zheng said while looking around.
"Materials and a pen? You want to make runes? You? "The old man's face revealed a trace of ridicule.
＝＝＝＝＝