It wasn't that the old man looked down on Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng's behavior was too strange.
The old man had been selling materials his whole life, and he was a well-known figure in the sub-alliance of the World Business Alliance in Cloud Sea City. He more or less knew all the Illusionary Matrix Masters, Rune Masters, and even those famous Weapon Refiners and Alchemists in Cloud Sea City.
He even knew some of the Illusionary Matrix Masters in the Cloud Hall.
Formations were made up of runes. How could drawing runes be something that could be learned just because one wanted to?
Generally speaking, if a young apprentice wanted to learn how to draw runes, he or she had to be taught by a master in person. Usually, the master would have prepared all kinds of tools for the apprentice, so why would the apprentice need to come here to buy runes? Even if the apprentice needed to buy runes, he or she would only buy a better rune pen after learning to a certain extent.
Therefore, the old man thought that Luo Zheng was just doing it on a whim, and thought that runes were just something that could be casually drawn with a rune pen.
The old man saw a few impulsive young people every year, but none of them could really succeed. Therefore, the old man somewhat looked down on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the old man's attitude at all, but nodded seriously. "Yes, I want to learn how to make runes. I just want to practice my brush first. Take these materials." After saying that, Luo Zheng handed over a list of materials, which were listed according to Qinglong's requirements.
According to what the Azure Dragon had said, these materials were only used to inscribe the most basic of Divine Imprints. But … even the materials used to inscribe the lowest grade of Divine Imprints were extraordinary. At the very least, Luo Zheng estimated that these materials were not cheap.
The old man casually glanced at Luo Zheng's materials, and his expression suddenly changed, which was then replaced by anger. "You said you're using these materials to practice your brush? Are you here to make fun of me? Get out, get out … Don't waste my time if you have nothing to do! "
After saying that, the old man actually stood up to drive him away.
Luo Zheng couldn't stand it anymore. He said, "How can we not do business when we're open? You sell me things and I pay you. Why do you have to drive me away?"
The old man said with a gloomy face, "These materials are all for making four-star runes. Ordinary runemasters can't use them! You said you were using it to practice your brush! Hey, tell me, are you here to amuse me? "
Hearing the old man's words, Luo Zheng was stunned. At this time, Qinglong's voice sounded, "Hehe, my rune is of a higher level … I estimate that the four-star runes in your lower realm have the same requirements as the basic one-star runes."
If the runes were the experiences of the rune masters in the Boundless World where Luo Zheng lived for thousands of years, then the divine runes were the crystallization of hundreds of millions of years in the Upper World! Whether it was in terms of conception or inheritance, the two were not on the same level at all!
It was like comparing a babbling child to a well-read scholar. There was simply no comparison between the two!
Luo Zheng was speechless. Fine, fine. I like to use these materials to practice my brush, okay?
So Luo Zheng replied, "I'm willing to buy your materials, not to amuse you. It's not like I don't want to pay you! Why don't you understand the principle of doing business? "
"I'm not selling, I'm not selling! I'm not selling it to you today! " Generally speaking, business was done in harmony. Who would drive a customer away? This old man seemed to be a person with a special character. He was actually determined not to sell to Luo Zheng. He returned to his seat and lowered his head to study the ancient jade in his hand.
This time, Luo Zheng really didn't know what to do. In such a big market, it seemed that this was the only big shop. Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, Qinglong's voice sounded again, "Luo Zheng, I have a way to make him sell it to you."
"What way?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Doesn't he have a piece of jade in his hand? It's a piece of ancient jade from the Phoenix Clan. The words recorded on it are the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan. I guess this old man definitely doesn't know these words and is still pondering over it. Tell him the meaning of these words and he will sell it, "Qinglong said.
"I don't know those words!" Luo Zheng said angrily.
Qinglong smiled and said, "You don't know, but I do."
The lifespan of the Dragon Clan was unimaginably long. Not to mention the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan, Qinglong didn't even know the words of the Hundred Clans of the Upper Realm.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng was suddenly happy. This time, he had learned to be smart. This old man didn't want to talk to him at all. So, Luo Zheng directly translated it according to Qinglong's translation, "With the fire of the heavenly stars, sacrifice to the land of the lotus leaves, burn ten thousand laws forever …"
The old man had been concentrating on studying the words on the jade. Even if Luo Zheng hadn't left his shop, he still wouldn't have bothered with Luo Zheng. The ancient jade in his hands had a very high collection value. This ancient jade of the Phoenix Clan was not cheap!
Besides the collection value of the jade itself, what was even more important was the words on it! The Ancient Phoenix Clan's ancient jade was passed down from the Ancient Phoenix Clan. If one could decipher the words within and obtain some lucky chance, that would be a great lucky chance!
But, wanting to decipher the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan was as difficult as ascending to the heavens. The old man had been studying the words on this ancient jade for a full year and a half. He had even compared it with some ancient texts, and finally managed to decipher several words!
As he heard Luo Zheng 'drop a book' in front of him, he frowned and was about to curse out loud. But, as he heard several words, his complexion suddenly changed. This was because the words that Luo Zheng had just spoken were the same as the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan that he had deciphered.
The old man was speechless. He could only stare at Luo Zheng's mouth with a shocked expression, listening intently.
But as Luo Zheng spoke halfway, he stopped … he only faintly smiled at the old man.
"This, this … Young Hero, can you finish translating the rest of the words?" The old man had already understood that the words on this ancient jade didn't contain any lucky chance. Listening to the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words, it seemed that this was a piece of jade that had been buried with the dead, and there were only words engraved on it.
Although the old man already understood that this Ancient Phoenix Jade didn't contain any lucky chance, he had still studied it for such a long time. In the end, he still wanted to understand the meaning of the words written on it. If he could completely translate them, then the value of this jade would greatly increase.
Luo Zheng chuckled, keeping the old man in suspense. He stepped out and walked away!
Now, the one who was worried wasn't Luo Zheng, but the old man!
Luo Zheng had only translated half of the words on the jade, and now he wanted to leave. How could the old man endure this? He hurriedly rushed out as well.
"This Young Hero, this Young Hero! If you have something to say, please sit down in my shop first … "The old man grabbed onto Luo Zheng's clothes as he spoke.
As the surrounding shop owners saw this, a strange expression appeared on their faces. They had been doing business in this city square all year round, so they were well aware of this old man's eccentric temperament. Relying on his status as a member of the World Business Alliance, this old man's eyes seemed to grow on top of his head. When had he ever been so polite to others? Why would he beg a young man like this?
Luo Zheng chose to leave. Naturally, he wasn't really leaving. Although the materials that Qinglong had listed could be purchased in Cloud Sea City, since they could be purchased in the Cloud Hall, why bother going through so much trouble? In the end, Luo Zheng returned to the old man's shop.
The old man eagerly brought over a rattan chair for Luo Zheng, brewed a pot of fragrant spirit tea, and served it to Luo Zheng. Then, he said eagerly, "This Young Hero, I was wrong just now. Please translate the second half of the words on the jade to me!"
The old man's current situation was like trying to solve a riddle. After more than a year of trying to solve it, Luo Zheng came to tell him the answer, but the result was only half of the riddle! This kind of feeling was the saddest. The old man's heart felt like a cat was clawing at him. It was better not to tell him a single word!
Luo Zheng calmly picked up the cup of spirit tea and took a sip. Then, he said, "I can tell you, but I have a condition."
"What condition?" The old man asked.
"Give me all the materials I listed at a 30% discount," Luo Zheng said with a mischievous smile.
A trace of hesitation appeared on the old man's face. The materials for drawing four-star runes weren't cheap, and he was only a Deacon of the World Business Alliance. He couldn't be considered the owner of this shop. If he sold them at a 30% discount, he might suffer a loss.