Luo Zheng never thought that just because Qinglong helped him translate a passage from the Ancient Phoenix Clan, this matter would be perfectly resolved.
Not only did this old man's attitude take a 180-degree turn, but he even agreed to sell the materials to him at a 30% discount.
Since this old man was so sincere, Luo Zheng read out the second half of the passage from the jade stone. The old man earnestly listened, clearly wanting to remember every word.
After Luo Zheng finished reading, the old man's eyes lit up. He asked, "Young Hero, may I ask where you learned the language of the Ancient Phoenix Clan?"
According to what the old man knew, there had once been clansmen of the Ancient Phoenix Clan in this boundless universe. But, they had perished a long time ago. It was impossible to find any descendants of the Ancient Phoenix Clan, and even the language of the Ancient Phoenix Clan had been lost.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't tell the old man the truth. He only chuckled and said, "I can't tell you that. But, if you encounter any words or writings that you don't recognize and need to decipher, feel free to look for me. I should be able to translate them."
Hearing Luo Zheng say this, Qinglong wasn't happy. "Luo Zheng, I'm only helping you translate these few words. Moreover, although I understand many languages, it's impossible for me to cover all of them …"
At the same time, the old man's complexion changed.
If Luo Zheng had said these words before translating the ancient jade, the old man might have taken off his shoe and smacked Luo Zheng in the face. Just how many strange and bizarre words were there in this world? After some races left behind their own words, their entire race was destroyed. Who would be able to recognize their words?
Luo Zheng's boasting had reached the heavens!
But Luo Zheng had just easily translated the words of the Ancient Phoenix Clan. The old man didn't dare to directly refute Luo Zheng. He guessed that Luo Zheng might be proficient in some special words and languages. Perhaps in the future, he would need to ask Luo Zheng for help. Thus, he didn't believe Luo Zheng's words. But, he still respectfully said, "Good, good. Are you a disciple of the Cloud Hall? Looking at your age, you should be a disciple of the Elite Hall. I don't know your name, but I'm afraid I'll have to trouble Young Hero with some matters in the future. "
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and told the old man his name. Then, he said, "Alright, take out those materials."
The old man nodded and then shouted towards the shop. Two shop assistants came out. The old man took the list of materials from Luo Zheng's hands and tossed it to the two shop assistants. "Go, prepare these materials for me." Then, he turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Since Young Hero Luo wishes to learn how to draw up runes, you'll naturally need a rune pen. I just happen to have several rune pens here. Although they aren't particularly good, they can still be considered top quality items. They're perfect for practicing how to draw up runes."
After saying that, the old man opened a drawer and took out a pen rack from the drawer. There were a few rune pens fixed on the rack.
These rune brushes all had different styles and materials. Some of them were made from jade, while others were made from beast bones. "If you're a beginner, I recommend this one," the old man said. "This rune brush is made from pieces of jade. When you draw runes, your soul power can seep into the tip of the brush through the gaps between the pieces of jade. Therefore, it's easier to use."
Hearing the old man's introduction, Luo Zheng was slightly moved. After all, he was a beginner. If he used a lighter rune pen, it would be easier for him to draw runes.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to make his decision, he heard Qinglong's voice in his mind, "Don't choose this one. Choose the one next to it."
Luo Zheng's eyes moved and fell on the rune pen next to it. It was a rune pen made of metal. Luo Zheng asked, "What do you think of this rune pen?"
"Young hero Luo, you really know how to choose. I don't recommend you to use this rune pen. This rune pen is made of mysterious red gold. It's three times heavier than ordinary rune pens. It's very strenuous to lift it up. Moreover, it's very difficult for your soul power to penetrate this metal. I don't recommend you to buy this rune pen." The old man said with a smile, "Only experienced rune masters would choose this rune pen."
Luo Zheng was somewhat hesitant. However, Qinglong immediately said, "The other purpose of letting you draw runes is to train your soul. What's the point of choosing that rune pen made of broken jade? Listen to me and buy this one! "
After all, Qinglong was his teacher in runes. Luo Zheng had no choice but to choose this metal rune pen.
Although the old man didn't approve of Luo Zheng using a rune pen made of metal, he wouldn't offend Luo Zheng verbally. He could only sigh inwardly at Luo Zheng for overestimating himself. Then, he took out the rune pen and handed it to Luo Zheng.
After receiving the rune pen from the old man, Luo Zheng immediately felt the weight in his hand. Although this weight was nothing to Luo Zheng, it still had a huge impact on drawing runes. After all, each rune was very precise. If he didn't hold the rune pen firmly, a single stroke would destroy a rune. Luo Zheng was a bit surprised. Although he didn't have a good grasp of the rune pen, the rune was still very heavy.
After a while, the two shop assistants sorted out the materials.
Due to the fact that these materials were extremely rare, they weren't particularly hard to find. After Luo Zheng counted the materials, he asked, "How much do these materials cost in total?"
The old man casually calculated and said to Luo Zheng, "A total of 800 mid-grade True Meta Stones. If I give you a 30% discount, it will be 560 mid-grade True Meta Stones."
"560 mid-grade True Meta Stones …" Although this price was still within the range Luo Zheng could afford, he couldn't help but sigh at how expensive it was.
Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the currency in the Central Domain. The most basic currency was low-grade True Meta Stones. The exchange rate between low-grade True Meta Stones and mid-grade True Meta Stones was one to one. However, the exchange rate between low-grade True Meta Stones and mid-grade True Meta Stones was 100 to 1.
In other words, 560 mid-grade True Meta Stones were worth about 56,000 square crystals.
"Can I pay with square crystals?" Luo Zheng asked. Before leaving the Eastern Domain, Luo Zheng had given a portion of the Sky Spill Essence to Zhang Wuxian. At the same time, he had taken out a lot of square crystals for backup.
"Square crystals?" The old man was slightly taken aback. He had guessed that Luo Zheng might be a disciple of a large family or even a descendant of an elder in the Cloud Hall. However, when he heard about square crystals, his previous guess was overturned. Square crystals were the currency of the Eastern Domain. In other words, Luo Zheng should have been born in a small place like the Eastern Domain.
It wasn't that the currency of such a small place couldn't be circulated, but it was often at a discount when exchanged for True Meta Stones. Therefore, the old man said, "Square crystals can also be accepted, but one square crystal can only be exchanged for half a low-grade True Meta Stone …"
Hearing the old man's words, Luo Zheng was immediately depressed. In other words, he would have to spend 110,000 square crystals to buy this batch of materials. This was too much.
The old man chuckled and said, "There's no other way. You can ask around. The currency of the Eastern Domain is indeed worthless in our Central Domain!"
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had a lot of square crystals in reserve. In the end, he didn't bicker with the old man. In his mind, he was thinking that the next time this old man asked him for help, he would take advantage of him!
After handing over 100,000 square crystals to the old man, Luo Zheng took the purchased materials and left the market.
As for the old man, he looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. He sighed in his heart. What a strange young man. However, this batch of materials was indeed going to be wasted. 100,000 low-grade True Meta Stones wasn't a small sum. Young people nowadays were really unpredictable …
After returning to his residence, Luo Zheng began to prepare to draw the divine runes.
These materials couldn't be used immediately. Drawing the divine runes was a technical job. Although Luo Zheng didn't know anything about it, he still had Qinglong as his master. According to Qinglong's instructions, Luo Zheng constantly processed the materials.
For example, the "Strong Kudzu" needed to be ground into a fine powder.
For another example, the "Cold Yin Grass" needed to be cut off from its roots, then crushed and mixed with another type of "Cloud Ash".
Just mixing the materials took a full hour. Moreover, there couldn't be any mistakes in the process. If there was a mistake, he could only throw away the materials and remix them.
After an hour, he finally finished mixing the materials.
Luo Zheng reached out and held the rune brush in his hand. Then, he took a deep breath. Although Qinglong was guiding him, Luo Zheng was still a little nervous as this was his first time drawing a "divine rune".
He raised the rune brush and closed his eyes to meditate for a while. A light yellow soul appeared between his eyebrows. However, it was different from using the "Frightening Spirit Spike". The Frightening Spirit Spike turned the soul into a spike to attack the opponent, so its speed was extremely fast and ruthless. This time, he had to draw the soul force into the tip of the brush and draw the divine rune! Naturally, the slower the better!