The first divine rune that Qinglong taught him was called the Meditation Divine Rune. It corresponded to the meditation rune.
After this kind of rune was drawn, it was usually placed on a secret training room or even an incense burner. The effect of this rune would be stimulated, allowing one to quickly enter a state of meditation.
When a martial artist was cultivating, an alchemist was refining pills, or a blacksmith was refining tools, they needed to be extremely focused. The function of this meditation rune was to calm the mind and suppress the restlessness in one's heart.
According to Qinglong, this was the most basic one star divine rune. It wasn't difficult to draw it.
However, when Qinglong said that it wasn't difficult, he was probably referring to himself …
When Luo Zheng drew the first line on the paper, he saw that the line was a gray blur. It was as if the materials were mixed together and didn't have any effect on each other.
"Hehe, the first stroke is a failure," Qinglong laughed.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He didn't plan to succeed on the first stroke. According to the 《Divine Rune Outline》 that Qinglong had taught him, after pouring his soul force into the rune, he had to have an extremely fine perception. He had to distinguish the materials in the ink and arrange them according to a certain rule. What he drew wasn't a gray blur, but a line that bloomed with all kinds of light!
He changed to another piece of paper and held the rune pen in his hand for a long time. Although he could already "Soul Transformation" and had reached the "Selfless Realm", he wasn't good at fine perception.
After all, to use the "Soul-Shaking Thorn", he only needed to roughly stab the opponent's soul. There weren't too many requirements for fine perception. Luo Zheng also didn't have any practice in this area.
After brewing for a long time, Luo Zheng once again drew the rune. When the rune touched the paper, a green light bloomed from the tip of the pen!
"It's done!"
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with excitement. Just as the tip of the brush moved less than an inch, the cyan light disappeared in an instant. The first half of the stroke was still blooming with cyan light, but the second half was gray and muddy.
"Hehe …"
As expected, Qinglong mercilessly mocked him in his mind.
Luo Zheng was depressed. He said to Qinglong, "Why don't you give it a try?"
"You want me to inscribe a one star divine inscription? Heh … "A look of disdain appeared on Qinglong's face. Obviously, asking Qinglong to inscribe a One Star Divine Inscription was a huge insult to him.
In fact, what this Azure Dragon was most proud of was not his strength. Among the nine True Dragons on the mysterious cauldron, his strength was ranked last. What he was most proficient in was drawing divine runes! Even the Great Thousand Treasure Formation that protected the Dragon Clan was set up by this Qinglong!
A 1-star Divine Inscription, this was equivalent to asking a top-notch chef to cook a bowl of porridge. This was simply an insult to him.
However, since Qinglong had promised to teach Luo Zheng how to draw divine runes, he would definitely do the necessary demonstration.
Qinglong didn't have a body, but he could release his soul force. Qinglong said, "Raise your rune pen!"
After Luo Zheng raised his rune pen, an extremely small soul force drilled out! This was only a small clone of Qinglong's enormous soul force. It looked like a miniature Qinglong. This tiny Qinglong instantly entered Luo Zheng's rune pen. Then, Luo Zheng heard Qinglong say, "Okay, you can start drawing now!"
Luo Zheng held his rune pen and lightly drew on the paper. A dazzling green line appeared on the paper. This line was full and smooth, as if it had brought out the characteristics of the material to the extreme.
After drawing a line, Luo Zheng stopped and stared blankly at the dazzling green line without saying a word.
"Hehe, kid, how is it?" Qinglong smiled faintly in Luo Zheng's mind.
"So strong …" Luo Zheng sighed.
"Of course, but you don't need to be anxious. Actually, I didn't tell you that you already grasped the trick of drawing on the second stroke. Some runemasters with less talent would need several months, or even half a year of practice to be able to do it."
Qinglong ridiculed Luo Zheng, but he was actually surprised by Luo Zheng's speed. It was as if drawing divine runes was an innate ability of his!
"Half a year's time?" Because the difference between Qinglong's lines and his own was too great, Luo Zheng was somewhat depressed. Hearing this, it seemed that he wasn't bad. Humans were like this. The more they were good at something, the more interested they would be in it.
Luo Zheng's mouth curved into a smile. He reached out and changed the paper. Then, the rune pen in his hand landed on the paper again!
"Soul Subtlety, the most detailed perception of the materials!"
"There are a total of four materials used to make this ink. Among them, 'Strong Kudzu' is the thicker one, while 'Cold Yin Grass' is the more delicate one. When drawing, the 'Cold Yin Grass' must be deposited in the lowest layer as the foundation. Only in this way can the 'Strong Kudzu' be fully utilized …"
"Strong Kudzu itself is green. Just now, the light that Qinglong drew was also green. This divine rune should be based on the 'Strong Kudzu'. The primary and secondary materials should be clearly distinguished …"
"Draw!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul had already poured into the tip of the pen. The moment the pen touched the paper, an extremely strong green light suddenly burst out!
"This light …" Qinglong was also stunned, but he quickly regained his composure. A meaningful expression flashed across his face. "I still underestimated this kid, hehe …"
Just now, Luo Zheng had almost fully utilized the characteristics of all the materials mixed in the ink!
Among rune masters, if someone could fully utilize the characteristics of the materials, they would be called "Perfect Brush Stroke"!
With Azure Dragon's strength, it was a simple matter for him to draw out a 'perfect stroke' of a one star divine imprint. But this was only the third stroke of Luo Zheng's life, and he was already able to draw out a 'perfect stroke'. Azure Dragon didn't know what to say.
He could only say that this kid was born to draw divine runes.
In Qinglong's eyes, this was already very amazing. If the rune masters in the Central Domain knew about this, they would probably faint.
After all, the people and levels Qinglong came into contact with far exceeded the world where Luo Zheng came from. There was no possibility of comparing the two. Even if Luo Zheng could display a "Perfect Brush Stroke" on his third stroke, Qinglong could accept it.
However, for the rune masters in the Central Domain, a "Perfect Brush Stroke" was something similar to a "Perfect Sword Intent". It was something that could only be discovered by chance. Many rune masters had been drawing runes for decades and still hadn't been able to draw a "Perfect Brush Stroke". At most, they could only release 70 to 80 percent of the power of the materials. Those who could release 90 percent of the power were basically masters.
However, Luo Zheng had only drawn a "Perfect Brush Stroke" on his third stroke. What did this mean?
It meant that a martial artist could comprehend a "Perfect Sword Intent" on his third stroke of the sword. In the eyes of the rune masters in the Central Domain, this could only be inconceivable. It was simply unimaginable.
The most important thing in drawing a rune was the ability to control the materials in the ink. Luo Zheng had achieved the first step, so the following steps weren't too difficult. He only needed to pay attention to the points where the strokes intersected and so on.
The lines of the one-star divine rune weren't complicated. According to Qinglong's instructions, lines of flickering cyan light appeared on the paper, continuously extending and connecting.
After a while, the divine rune formed by twenty-four lines suddenly appeared on the paper. As Luo Zheng connected the last stroke with the first line, the cyan light on the lines gradually dimmed.
"Done!" Luo Zheng looked at the divine rune formed by the sharp lines with an excited expression on his face.
Qinglong silently looked at Luo Zheng's work. It was a one-star meditation divine rune.
Although it was only a one-star divine rune, because Luo Zheng had activated the "Perfect Brush Stroke" and brought out all the properties of the materials in the ink, this divine rune should be comparable to a two-star meditation divine rune.
After a long time, Qinglong said, "Very good. Even if I were to draw a one-star meditation divine rune, I'm afraid it would only be slightly better than yours …"
Strictly speaking, since Luo Zheng had already achieved the "Perfect Brush Stroke", Qinglong had also achieved the "Perfect Brush Stroke". The effects of the one-star meditation divine runes drawn by the two of them were actually the same. In fact, Qinglong said this to save face. After all, he had just mocked Luo Zheng.
Qinglong would only be able to gain an advantage if he were to draw a higher-level divine rune. After all, as the star level of the divine rune increased, for example, a three-star or four-star divine rune would require more and more materials and become more and more complex. The difficulty of perfectly mixing these materials together would increase exponentially. It would be even more difficult to display the "Perfect Brush Stroke". With Luo Zheng's current soul power, he still couldn't do it.
"How do I use this divine rune meditation rune?" Luo Zheng asked as he reached out and picked up the divine rune.
Qinglong said, "Normally, runes are used in conjunction with an illusion array. However, you don't need to set up an illusion array right now. You can use your own Zhen Yuan to activate it."
In the Eastern Domain, an illusion array master was also a rune master. For example, Hei Ming, a disciple of the Nine Zhang Peak, whom Luo Zheng had once fought against, was also an illusion array master. However, his runes were drawn on array flags and were activated through the illusion array disk in his hand. Moreover, the energy consumed by the illusion array generally came from square crystals. In the Central Domain, the energy consumed came from Zhen Yuan stones.
Luo Zheng nodded and pasted the divine rune on the wall. Then, he drew out a part of his Zhen Yuan and poured it into the rune.
The moment Luo Zheng's Zhen Yuan poured in, the meditation divine rune suddenly emitted a blue radiance. Under the illumination of this radiance, Luo Zheng suddenly felt refreshed. It was as if he had just woken up. He crawled out of bed with sleepy eyes and suddenly pulled open the curtains of his bedroom. What greeted him was a scene full of vitality and vitality. All of his fatigue disappeared in an instant!
"The effect of this one-star meditation divine rune is really outstanding. However, I don't know how much it can be sold for." Luo Zheng calculated in his heart.
Luo Zheng, who had originally thought that he was a millionaire, discovered that the hundreds of thousands of square crystals in his hands were simply useless. A single top-grade Zhen Yuan stone was enough for Luo Zheng to struggle for a long time. Tomorrow, he could take this divine rune and ask for a price.
＝＝＝＝＝