After drawing the first meditation rune, Luo Zheng didn't stop.
He had bought these materials to practice, so he had prepared a total of ten sets.
Since there were so many materials left, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let them go to waste. Holding the rune brush, he started to draw the next meditation rune.
Even runemasters couldn't draw runes all the time. This was because during the process of drawing runes, their soul force was constantly being consumed. When soul force was consumed to a certain extent, they would feel tired, sleepy, and have difficulty concentrating.
With Luo Zheng's current soul force, drawing seven or eight runes was already his limit. When he barely managed to draw the eighth rune and was preparing to draw the ninth rune, he suddenly felt a burst of discomfort. It was as if his head was about to explode, and he couldn't concentrate. At the same time, his rune brush lightly drew, but he made a mistake.
When drawing runes, one couldn't be the slightest bit careless. As long as there was the slightest mistake, the entire rune would be wasted.
"This is your first time drawing runes, so you mustn't consume too much soul force. If your soul is damaged, the gains won't make up for the losses." Following Qinglong's voice, a cold feeling seeped into Luo Zheng's mind, making him feel a lot better.
Because he had swallowed the flood dragon's soul and flood dragon's blood, Qinglong had become a lot more active during this time. He indeed had some power that could help Luo Zheng.
Hearing Qinglong's warning, Luo Zheng's heart trembled. He also felt that he had been too impatient. Everything couldn't be done overnight, so he would stop here for today.
For the rest of the time, Luo Zheng continued to concentrate on cultivating. Apart from studying runes, he also had to face the disciples of the Elite Hall as usual.
Challenging the Elite Hall had become Luo Zheng's daily routine. In any case, early in the morning, Luo Zheng's body would be involuntarily controlled by Daoist Dameng and thrown into the gray building to spar with the numerous Elite Hall disciples.
In order to defeat the disciples of the Hall of Elites, Luo Zheng had resorted to all sorts of methods. In the beginning, Luo Zheng had relied on his powerful physical body and the strength of his dragon scales to deal with them. However, as more and more people challenged Luo Zheng, they began to target Luo Zheng and suppress him. In the end, Luo Zheng had no choice but to use the Soulshock Stab and even send out the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye …
Many disciples of the Elite Hall were also surprised to find that Luo Zheng was as tenacious as a cockroach. Every time a disciple went to battle, their strength would be stronger than the previous one. However, Luo Zheng always had a way to defeat them.
The last disciple of the Elite Hall to fight today was called Mu Ran. He was in the sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. Although Mu Ran wasn't considered particularly strong in the sixth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm, the difference between each stage of the Divine Reflection Realm was still very large. In the end, Mu Ran still lost to Luo Zheng.
After dealing with the three battles of the day, Luo Zheng floated away and hurried towards the market of the Cloud Hall.
Yesterday, he had spent a large sum of money to buy the materials and draw the divine imprint. Today, he wanted to go to the market to find out whether or not this divine imprint could be sold for money.
On the way to the market, Luo Zheng was still somewhat nervous. After all, these meditation divine imprints were purely Luo Zheng's work for practice. However, Luo Zheng had helped that old man from the World Business Alliance so greatly yesterday. Even if these divine imprints couldn't be sold for a good price, he probably wouldn't be chased out again, right?
In the Ice Palace, Xiao Die was somewhat dissatisfied at this moment. She was frowning slightly as she stared at Luo Zheng, who was in the letter tablet.
"Why is he learning how to draw divine imprints all of a sudden? He doesn't even have enough time to cultivate. Why is he putting so much effort into this? " Xiao Die was extremely dissatisfied. The reason she was training Luo Zheng was because she had a plan in mind. However, Luo Zheng's current cultivation was too low, so low that it was completely unbearable. Therefore, she had used the disciples of the Elite Hall to train Luo Zheng in turns.
He didn't even have time to cultivate and was actually wasting his efforts on the art of runes. In Xiao Die's view, Luo Zheng was purely wasting his time.
After all, the art of runes was too broad and profound. Many rune masters and illusionary array masters had to spend their entire lives to achieve some success. Luo Zheng also didn't have any foundation in runes before. How could it be easy for him to learn how to draw divine imprints on the spur of the moment?
Daoist Master Dameng smiled and said, "Hall Master, it's understandable for young people to try new things. If he encounters difficulties in the art of runes, he will naturally retreat. There's nothing to worry about."
"No," Xiao Die raised her slender eyebrows. "There's not much time left. Luo Zheng must step into the Divine Reflection Realm. As for learning the art of runes … I think it's better for him to forget about it!"
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Daoist Master Dameng sighed in his stomach. Shouldn't the Hall Master be most worried about him? The Hall Master's 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》 had already reached the last layer. Quickly improving her cultivation was the right thing to do. No matter how talented Luo Zheng was, he was still just a junior …
However, although Daoist Master Dameng thought this, he didn't dare to say it out loud. The Hall Master's stubborn temper was well known in the entire Cloud Hall. It would be extremely difficult to change her mind.
After Xiao Die finished speaking, she burned a Sound Transmitting Talisman. "Zong Rui, come here!"
Zong Rui? Daoist Master Dameng stared blankly and asked with a strange expression, "Hall Master, why did you call Zong Rui here? Could it be that you want him to teach Luo Zheng rune arts?"
Zong Rui was the strongest rune master in the Cloud Hall. This time, Xiao Die had given the sect-protecting formation she had obtained in the Trial Taker's Road to Zong Rui to study. How complicated was the sect-protecting formation of a sixth-rank sect? It would probably take a lot of manpower and resources to set up this sect-protecting formation. However, thinking about the might of a sixth-rank sect's sect-protecting formation, if it could really be set up, the Cloud Hall would probably be able to withstand the attack of any force in the Central Domain!
From this point of view, it would be worthwhile to spend a lot of effort to set up this sect-protecting formation.
Therefore, during this period of time, Zong Rui didn't step out of his room. He spent day and night studying the sect-protecting formation.
At this time, hearing the Hall Master's summons, Zong Rui immediately turned into a stream of light and quickly arrived at the Ice Palace. He bowed to Xiao Die and said, "Subordinate greets the Hall Master!"
Xiao Die nodded slightly and then asked, "Zong Rui, how is the research on the sect-protecting formation going?"
"Replying to the Hall Master, I'm currently evaluating the cost of the sect-protecting formation and the materials needed. However, I'm afraid it will take some time before I can complete the calculations," Zong Rui said.
"Mm, I still have something I need your help with today," Xiao Die said.
Daoist Big Dream looked at the Hall Master with a puzzled expression. Did the Hall Master really intend to let Zong Rui teach Luo Zheng rune techniques? Just as he was thinking this, he heard Xiao Die say, "There's a little guy who overestimates himself and wants to learn rune techniques. Go and give him a blow. It's best if you destroy his confidence and make him give up."
Hearing Xiao Die's words, Daoist Big Dream almost fell to the ground. He didn't expect Xiao Die to specially call Zong Rui over for this kind of thing. This was too …
Alright, she's the Hall Master. As subordinates, we have to follow her orders, Daoist Big Dream thought helplessly.
On the contrary, when Zong Rui heard this, a trace of interest appeared on his face. "Who is this little guy the Hall Master is talking about? How many star runes can he draw? "
"You've most likely heard of this person. His name is Luo Zheng. As for rune techniques, he should have just started learning them," Xiao Die said with pursed lips.
Zong Rui laughed mischievously. "So it's that disciple who claimed to have challenged the entire Elite Hall! This subordinate understands. I promise to destroy this little guy's confidence and make him never touch runes in his life! "
"Mm, he's currently on his way to the market square. You can go there now." Xiao Die nodded. Zong Rui's rune techniques were unquestionable. Otherwise, Xiao Die wouldn't have given him the Sect Protecting Array.
After receiving Xiao Die's order, Zong Rui flew out of the Ice Palace in a straight line towards the market square. Along the way, Zong Rui was thinking about how to complete the task the Hall Master had given him. With Zong Rui's attainments in rune techniques, it was too easy to destroy a beginner apprentice's confidence. He was even confident that with one sentence, he could make Luo Zheng never touch runes in his life.
After a while, Zong Rui arrived at the market square. At this time, Luo Zheng happened to reach the end of the market square and entered the World Business Alliance's shop.
"Xiantian fourth stage, it should be him." Zong Rui nodded. In the entire Elite Hall, there were only a few Xiantian life forms, and only Luo Zheng was at Xiantian fourth stage. Thinking of this, Zong Rui also walked towards the shop.
In this World Business Alliance's shop, the old man was holding an ink brush and writing the words on the ancient jade! He had firmly memorized the ancient text of the God race that had been deciphered by Luo Zheng and was writing it down word by word.
At this time, Luo Zheng's sudden visit surprised the old man, but he was still very polite. "Young hero Luo! I wonder what business do you have with me today? Do you need to buy some materials? "
If Luo Zheng really wanted to learn rune techniques, then yesterday's materials should be enough to support Luo Zheng for some time.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, a voice suddenly came from outside the door. "Old man Shang, long time no see. How's your business recently?"
The old man of the World Business Alliance was called Shang Lei. Because he had been doing business in the Cloud Hall market square all year round, and Zong Rui was the most famous rune master in the Cloud Hall, so he often visited here. Therefore, both of them were quite familiar with each other.
Hearing that it was Zong Rui, a smile appeared on Shang Lei's face. In fact, this old man's temper wasn't bad to everyone, otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to reach the position of the manager of the World Business Alliance. Shang Lei would never offend a customer like Zong Rui.
"Business is very slow, but I was hoping that you would patronize us more often." Shang Lei smiled and quickly called someone to make tea.
Zong Rui entered the door and his eyes fell on Luo Zheng. He smiled and said: "This is …"