Luo Zheng had learned the Godly Glyphs from the Upper Realm from Qinglong. How could the Rune Glyphs of the Central Domain enter his eyes?
However, according to Old Shang, the person in front of him was actually the top Rune Master of the Cloud Hall. Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't neglect him. He still respectfully bowed to Zong Rui and said, "I am just a beginner in the Rune Glyphs. I am just testing the waters. I'm afraid I can't be considered asking for advice. If there are any difficulties in the future, I hope you can give me some pointers."
Zong Rui smiled but didn't answer. Instead, he narrowed his eyes and looked at Luo Zheng. Zong Rui was very proud of his attainments in the Rune Glyphs. Moreover, he was here today on Little Butterfly's order to suppress Luo Zheng. How could he give pointers to Luo Zheng?
However, Zong Rui still asked, "Since you are just a beginner in the Rune Glyphs, can I see what works you have?"
Luo Zheng nodded. He had originally planned to use the meditation rune he drew yesterday to evaluate it. Although it was a beginner's work, he still wanted to see if it was worth some money. It would be best if he could get back the money he spent on the materials. Therefore, Luo Zheng said to Shang Lei, "Yesterday, I bought some materials back to try it out. These two Godly … no, Rune Glyphs, please evaluate their value."
Luo Zheng didn't draw runes, but Godly Glyphs. He almost made a slip of the tongue.
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, Zong Rui and Shang Lei's faces showed incomparable astonishment. What did he mean? He bought the materials yesterday, and today he made the Rune Glyphs and brought them here to be evaluated?
In particular, Shang Lei was the most puzzled. Yesterday, he knew that Luo Zheng was just a beginner, and he hadn't even entered the Rune Glyphs yet. The materials he bought were mostly wasted. Yesterday, he even felt sorry for the materials. It was really a waste to use such precious materials to try out his Rune Glyphs!
Any Rune Master grew up in constant "waste". Therefore, cultivating a Rune Master was even more expensive than cultivating a martial artist. Ordinary families couldn't afford to cultivate them. Moreover, Luo Zheng used materials to draw a Four-Star Rune Glyphs to try out his Rune Glyphs. This wasn't an ordinary waste.
Therefore, when Shang Lei saw Luo Zheng today, he asked Luo Zheng if he still wanted to buy materials. In the end, Luo Zheng said he was using the Rune Glyphs.
What did Luo Zheng think Glyphs? Did he think that he could get a Rune Glyphs? This wasn't a child's!
Shang Lei chuckled but did not point it out. Instead, he repeated his words meaningfully, "Young Hero Luo, you learned how to draw runes for the first time yesterday, and you succeeded today? Glyphs, Glyphs, I. Glyphs and Glyphs. Glyphs Glyphs
Glyphs. Glyphs... of Luo Zheng. Glyphs... Glyphs. Glyphs..... this guy 'Glyphs............ Glyphs... Gly' t' ''s Glyphs Glyphs.. Glyphs....... Glyphs... This guy probably didn't even know what a Rune Glyphs were.
"Hehe. I'm also interested to see what Young Hero Luo's Rune Glyphs are worth." Zong Rui smiled ambiguously. The mission given to him by the Hall Master was too simple. Glyphs Glyphs Glyphs. Glyphs Glyphs Glyphs.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he took out the Meditation Rune Glyphs from his Sumeru Ring and said, "I've made a fool of myself. I've only drawn a One-Star Rune Glyphs. Please take a look."
Then, Luo Zheng placed the Meditation Rune Glyphs on the table.
Shang Lei and Zong Rui stared at the Meditation Rune Glyphs. The smiles on their faces became even wider. What the f * ck was this?
Although Runes and Divine Glyphs were the same thing, Divine Glyphs had been passed down through tens of thousands of generations. The complexity of the Rune Glyphs far exceeded the imagination of the Rune Glyphs in the Central Domain. Therefore, when the two of them looked at it, they only felt that the lines on this Rune Glyphs were bizarre and not systematic.
Shang Lei hadn't said anything yet, but Zong Rui spoke first. After all, he had the mission of destroying Luo Zheng's confidence. According to the Hall Master's request, he had to stop Luo Zheng from practicing Rune Glyphs. However, in Zong Rui's opinion, it didn't matter whether he destroyed Luo Zheng's confidence or not. Luo Zheng didn't understand what Runes Glyphs were. He thought that he could produce results just by casually drawing with a brush.
"Young man, Runes Glyphs. To put it bluntly, Runes Glyphs are small formations. They need to rely on the lines within them to establish connections between each other. Only then can they display the effects they should have. A One-Star Meditation Rune Glyphs are easy to draw, but it's definitely not the Rune Glyphs you have. I think … you shouldn't take this path. Rune Glyphs aren't something a person like you can learn!" Zong Rui faintly said, a thick sneer on his face. At this moment, he had even forgotten Xiao Die's advice. He truly felt that Luo Zheng didn't have this talent.
Hearing Zong Rui's words, Luo Zheng felt a bit bewildered. He didn't seem to be familiar with Zong Rui. What did the Rune Glyphs he drew have to do with Zong Rui? Although it was strange, Luo Zheng suppressed the unhappiness in his heart. He turned to Shang Lei and said, "Boss Shang, please evaluate the value of this Meditation Rune Glyphs."
Shang Lei waved his hand and said, "Since Mister Zong has spoken, do you think I still need to evaluate it?" In truth, Shang Lei sneered in his heart. What bullshit evaluation value was this? If it weren't for the fact that you helped me translate the Ancient Phoenix Clan's language yesterday, then I would have already driven you out.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was suddenly at a loss. Was the Rune Glyphs he drew up really so worthless?
"Qinglong, Qinglong! You aren't lying to me, right? "Luo Zheng mentally communicated with Qinglong.
At this time, Qinglong was paying attention to everything that was happening outside. He had taught Luo Zheng the Divine Rune Glyphs, so Luo Zheng could be considered half his disciple. Not only that, but even he recognized Luo Zheng's talent in the Divine Rune Glyphs. A 'perfect stroke' was not something that just anyone could casually possess.
Shang Lei and Zong Rui's words were a great insult to Qinglong. Thus, Qinglong sneered and said, "Ignore them and go to hell! These two old fogies don't even know shit, just listen to their nonsense! "This old dragon that had lived for an unknown number of years couldn't help but curse.
"Then what do we do?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Let's go! These two old fogies don't even know what's good for them, so why bother with them? "Qinglong angrily said.
Although Qinglong told him to leave, Luo Zheng didn't. He was well aware of Qinglong's supernatural powers. Although he also believed that this Divine Rune Glyphs had some value, before he could speak, Zong Rui meaningfully said, "It's best if you throw away this Divine Rune Glyphs. You'll still have a bright future if you concentrate on cultivating martial arts. Young man, my words are for your own good!"
"You haven't activated this Divine Rune Glyphs, so how can you tell whether it's good or bad?" Luo Zheng coldly said.
Shang Lei and Zong Rui looked at each other and then laughed.
The Divine Rune Glyphs in the Central Domain had been passed down for thousands of years. They were divided into the Southern Sect and the Northern Sect. As a Rune Master of the Cloud Hall, Zong Rui was proficient in both the Southern Sect's delicate and delicate Rune Glyphs, as well as the Northern Sect's bold and flamboyant Rune Glyphs. The Ghostly Peach Glyphs in Luo Zheng's hands didn't belong to either the Southern Sect or the Northern Sect. He had never seen this Divine Rune Glyphs before. Therefore, Zong Rui said, "There's no need for that. Young man, do you think you can activate it by just drawing a pattern with a rune pen? Your Divine Rune Glyphs … can't be activated at all. "
Hearing Zong Rui's words, Luo Zheng let out a deep breath. Sure enough … as Qinglong had guessed, these two idiots couldn't understand Divine Runes at all. It seemed that it wasn't that his Divine Rune Glyphs weren't good, but that they didn't understand it at all.
Since he understood this point, Luo Zheng didn't want to waste his breath on them. Instead, he waved his hand and sent a strand of Zhen Yuan into the Divine Rune Glyphs.
As he poured his Zhen Yuan into the meditative rune, the meditative rune suddenly lit up. The runes on the rune shone with a greenish grey light. This was the sign that the 'Violent Kudzu' had been completely activated. At the same time, a formless energy wave was released from the meditative rune and rushed towards the three of them.
Under this green light, the three of them immediately felt refreshed, as if they had just walked out of a place with stifling air and entered an open environment. Their spirits were immediately lifted!
From the moment the Divine Rune Glyphs lit up, Zong Rui's eyes were filled with astonishment!
Of course, Shang Lei was also shocked. However, Shang Lei only knew how to appraise the value of Divine Runes. He wasn't a Rune Master, but a Merchant.
Zong Rui was a genuine Rune Master. In the entire Central Domain, there weren't many people who were more accomplished than him in the Dao of Runes!