Zong Rui could not be blamed for being so surprised.
In Qinglong's eyes, "Perfect Stroke" was not a big deal. The Upper Realm was too big, and there were many geniuses from various races and forces.
In order to become an outstanding Divine Rune Master, having a perfect brush stroke was a necessary ability.
However, Luo Zheng grasped Perfect Stroke in one day, which still shocked Qinglong. Because of this, Qinglong scolded Zong Rui and Shang Lei as idiots because they were not qualified to evaluate runes.
Qinglong felt that "Perfect Stroke" was not a big deal, but it did not mean that Zong Rui felt the same way.
Zong Rui also did not grasp "Perfect Stroke". Not only did he not grasp it, but none of the Rune Masters in the entire Central Domain had grasped it!
"Perfect Stroke" had indeed appeared in the history of the Central Domain before, but not now. Two thousand years ago, a Rune Master named Feng Guanyu had comprehended "Perfect Stroke". He could completely activate the characteristics and energy of the materials during the process of drawing runes! Therefore, Feng Guanyu had another nickname, "Rune Master"!
Even now, many of Feng Guanyu's works were still preserved by the world. Among them, the most famous work was naturally the Sect-Protecting Array of the only fifth-grade Sect in the Central Domain, the Void Spirit Sect! That Sect-Protecting Array was Feng Guanyu's most perfect work! It was also because of this Sect-Protecting Array that the Void Spirit Sect had survived countless disasters. It grew from a small third-grade Sect to the strongest and only fifth-grade Sect in the Central Domain.
Although the reason why the Void Spirit Sect was able to become a rank 5 sect was because of the large number of geniuses in their sect, the sect protecting formation was also a factor that couldn't be ignored. At the very least, it protected the Void Spirit Sect from calamities many times.
Feng Guanyu had drawn many runes when he was alive. Naturally, this Sect-Protecting Array was not the only one that had been passed down. There were also many scattered runes. Most of the runes had lost their original effects and could not be activated. But even so, because these runes came from Feng Guanyu's hands, many people collected them as treasures. These works were repeatedly sold at sky-high prices in the black market and auctions!
Zong Rui had once been fortunate enough to witness a "perfect brush stroke". That was when the Temple Master brought him to visit the Void Spirit Sect. The Void Spirit Sect intentionally showed off and activated a small portion of their Sect Protecting Formation. At that time, Feng Guanyu's "perfect brush stroke" had deeply shocked Zong Rui. Even now, when he thought about it, Zong Rui did not even feel envious. He could only revere and worship people who possessed "perfect brush stroke".
Therefore, when Zong Rui saw the "Perfect Brush Stroke", he had already forgotten that it was Luo Zheng who drew it. He was just shocked by the "Perfect Brush Stroke" itself!
Shang Lei didn't know what to say at this moment. His perspective was different from Zong Rui's. As a businessman, how could Shang Lei not have heard of the "perfect stroke"? Although he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he was very clear about the value of Feng Guanyu's runes that had lost their effect.
Of course, Feng Guanyu's runes had such a high collection value because of his fame. However, the "perfect stroke" itself was a selling point, not to mention that this rune could be activated!
"Hu … …"
Zong Rui's figure flashed, and he asked excitedly, "This, who drew this meditation rune? Can you tell me? "
Seeing Zong Rui's attitude, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. This was the strongest rune master in the Cloud Hall? I think he was a fake, right? Luo Zheng said calmly, "Can you let me go? Let me go first! "
"Sorry, sorry," Zong Rui quickly released his hand. He also knew that he had lost his composure, but at this time, he really couldn't care about anything else. "Can you tell me who drew this meditation rune?"
Luo Zheng curled his lips and said, "Didn't I just say it? Don't you have ears? "
"Who?" Zong Rui and Shang Lei asked in unison.
Luo Zheng felt that he was going crazy. The meaning of his words couldn't be clearer. Even an idiot would understand that he was talking about himself. However, these two guys were even more idiotic than idiots. Therefore, Luo Zheng could only sigh. "This meditation rune was drawn by me!"
The two stared at Luo Zheng and shook their heads at almost the same time. "I don't believe it!"
"Believe it or not, Boss Shang. Help me evaluate the value of this meditation rune!" Luo Zheng was too lazy to argue with Zong Rui here. He had no obligation to satisfy Zong Rui's curiosity.
Shang Lei squinted his eyes and nodded. He was a businessman after all. He woke up earlier than Zong Rui. After all, Shang Lei was here to do business. Even if he knew that this was a "perfect stroke," he only cared about the value.
"Evaluate? This meditation rune can't be sold! "Zong Rui crazily blocked in front of them.
Hearing this, Shang Lei and Luo Zheng immediately became unhappy. Shang Lei and Zong Rui were familiar with each other, but business was business. These were two different things!
Luo Zheng came here to sell these meditation runes. Naturally, he couldn't listen to Zong Rui's words.
"If you want to sell it, you can only sell it to me!" Zong Rui added.
This time, Luo Zheng shrugged, indicating that it didn't matter who he sold it to. However, Shang Lei definitely wouldn't accept it. "Zong Rui, aren't you being unkind? Luo Zheng came to my shop to sell these runes to me. You broke into my shop and stole my business?
"So what if I stole it? This is my Cloud Hall's territory. Can't I, Zong Rui, come here? " Zong Rui was a runemaster of the Cloud Hall. Although he was only in the middle stage of the Divine Core realm, his status was still very high. He was only slightly lower than Elder Zhuo, Daoist Master Dameng, and Zen Master Nine Abstinences.
Shang Lei didn't want to give in at all. "Your Cloud Hall's territory? What an interesting way to put it! This shop in the market square was built in cooperation with our World Business Alliance. Do you dare to say that this is your Cloud Hall's territory in front of our World Business Alliance leader? If you dare to say it, I will immediately leave without saying anything! "
Hearing the two quarreling, Luo Zheng became impatient. After all this time, he still couldn't sell these meditation runes! Luo Zheng said, "Alright, stop quarreling. This thing is mine. I can sell it to whoever I want! I will sell it to whoever offers the highest price. This way, the problem will be solved, right? "
The two stared blankly. Only now did they realize that the problem wasn't the meditation runes, but Luo Zheng himself.
"Offer? Good idea! "Shang Lei chuckled. As a member of the World Business Alliance, his confidence was naturally much higher than Zong Rui's.
Zong Rui clenched his teeth and asked Luo Zheng, "How much do you want to sell it for? I will buy it no matter how much it costs! "
Hearing the two say this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile. This was the right situation. This was the situation he wanted to see. Luo Zheng thought for a moment and then said, "According to the materials I bought yesterday, this meditation rune cost about 10,000 low-grade true essence stones. I will set it at 20,000 low-grade true essence stones!"
"What?" Luo Zheng's starting price clearly stunned Zong Rui and Shang Lei.
20,000 low-grade true essence stones …
Even an ordinary rune would cost more than this. What was this Luo Zheng thinking?
"500,000 low-grade true essence stones." Shang Lei calmed down at this time. His eyes flashed with a shrewd light. In terms of runes, he was far inferior to Zong Rui, but in terms of business, Zong Rui wasn't even worthy of carrying his shoes.
However, Zong Rui, who wasn't even worthy of carrying Shang Lei's shoes, had an ominous glint in his eyes. He shouted, "1,000,000 low-grade true essence stones! I will use one top-grade true essence stone to settle! "
A top-grade true essence stone was equal to 1,000,000 low-grade true essence stones. Zong Rui instantly doubled Shang Lei's price.
"Two top-grade true essence stones." Shang Lei wasn't willing to be outdone. He doubled the price again.
"Four!" Zong Rui didn't hesitate and doubled the price.
At this time, Luo Zheng was a bit dizzy. A top-grade true essence stone was equivalent to 1,000,000 square crystal stones! Four was equivalent to 4,000,000 square crystal stones! He didn't think that drawing a rune would be so expensive! How could this meditation rune be worth so much money?
In truth, Luo Zheng's meditation rune rune couldn't be sold for so much money. After all, this meditation rune had limited functions. However, what Shang Lei and Zong Rui were interested in was not the function of this meditation rune, but the 'perfect brush strokes' used to draw this rune!
Just because of these 'perfect brush strokes', this rune was worth so much!
"Five, five …" This time, Shang Lei was somewhat hesitant. Since he was a merchant, he naturally understood the logic of doing business. Although this meditative divine imprint was drawn using the 'Perfect Brush Strokes', its true value would still be reflected in the transaction. If the price was too high, he was afraid that he would suffer a loss.
The ruthlessness in Zong Rui's eyes didn't diminish in the slightest. He sneered, "Ten! I'll give you ten top-grade true essence stones! "
At this time, he had already tossed the matter that Xiao Die had instructed him to the highest heavens …
＝＝＝＝＝