As a runemaster, Zong Rui could be considered very wealthy. Whether it was a runemaster or a refiner, it was expensive to cultivate them in the early stages. However, once they were cultivated, they would become a money-making machine. Therefore, he could take out 10 top-grade True Essence Stones.
Although Shang Lei could use a lot more wealth than Zong Rui, the meditation rune was not originally used for battle. It was used to "focus" a warrior's mind during cultivation, and its value was not particularly high.
The biggest problem was that Shang Lei did not know where Luo Zheng had obtained this rune.
How could the runes of "Rune Child" Feng Guanyu, who had lost their effect, be auctioned off at a sky-high price? Because it was Feng Guanyu's last stroke! Since Feng Guanyu's death, no one in the Central Domain could have a perfect brush stroke. Therefore, even if Feng Guanyu's runes had lost their effect, they could still be sold at sky-high prices. They had a great collection value.
If this rune could still be activated, then the person who had drawn it must still be alive in this world. In the future, this person's work would slowly circulate, and it would not have such a great collection value. Because of this person's existence, even the value of the runes left by Feng Guanyu would be greatly reduced. The price would probably plummet.
Unless the person who had drawn this rune died and this meditation rune became his last stroke, the price would skyrocket. However, a runemaster with a perfect brush stroke … was an existence comparable to a national treasure in any sect. How could it be so easy to cause a runemaster to die unnaturally?
In the end, Shang Lei chose to give up.
"Okay, 10 top-grade True Essence Stones. Deal!" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Zong Rui took out 10 top grade true essence stones from his spatial ring and handed them over. As Zong Rui looked at these 10 stones that were filled with pure true essence, Luo Zheng's heart bloomed with joy. 10 top grade true essence stones! If converted to square crystals, it would be 10 million square crystals! This was a proportional exchange. If converted according to the market price, it would be 2,000 square crystals!
Previously, Luo Zheng felt that refining the Sky Derivation Essence was very profitable. Given enough time, he could indeed make a lot of money. However, that was relative to the Eastern Domain. It was nothing in the Central Domain.
After Zong Rui handed over the top-grade True Essence Stones, he carefully took the meditation rune in his hand. He was as careful as if he was holding a baby. his eyes were filled with intoxication. One could imagine his shock when he had seen the perfect brush stroke stroke stroke on the Void Spirit Sect's protective array! Now, he personally owned a piece of work drawn with perfect strokes. Although it was only a meditation rune, he liked every line on it very much.
Shang Lei could only watch as Zong Rui took the meditation rune. As a businessman, his mind was much calmer than Zong Rui's. Shang Lei also had a hobby of collecting. He had even appraised Feng Guanyu's authentic work. It would be a lie to say that Shang Lei didn't like this work, but 10 top-grade True Essence Stones really made his heart ache.
At this time, Shang Lei suddenly looked at Luo Zheng. He didn't believe that this meditation rune was drawn by Luo Zheng. However, since Luo Zheng could obtain this meditation rune, he definitely knew the whereabouts of the runemaster.
So, Shang Lei's expression once again became polite. He smiled and said, "Young Hero Luo, may I ask where you obtained this meditation rune?"
Luo Zheng was also immersed in the joy of 10 top-grade True Essence Stones. He didn't care whether Shang Lei believed him or not. He just smiled and said, "I've already told you a few times. I drew this myself. I even bought the materials from you yesterday. Have you forgotten?"
"Young Hero Luo, don't joke." Hearing Luo Zheng say this, Shang Lei thought that Luo Zheng was unwilling to tell the truth. So, he could only change his strategy and ask, "Young Hero Luo, if you know this runemaster, please recommend me. I can buy this runemaster's work in large quantities."
"Okay, I still have seven runes here. If you want to buy, I can sell them to you." Luo Zheng said with a smile. Then he took out the remaining seven meditation runes from his spatial ring and casually threw them on the table.
Zong Rui was originally carefully looking at his treasured meditation rune, but when he raised his head to look at it, he was immediately dumbfounded.
How, how could there be so many …
When Shang Lei saw these seven meditation runes, a proud smile appeared on his face. The older the ginger, the spicier it was. Shang Lei being able to remain calm and not bid for the first meditation rune was definitely the wisest decision.
Everything in the world was like this. Once it became a one-of-a-kind item, its value would skyrocket. Once there were too many of them, they wouldn't be worth much. Shang Lei had taken this risk into consideration.
"Can these runes be lit up?" Shang Lei looked at the seven meditation runes and asked.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Seven strands of True Essence shot out from his wrist and poured into the seven meditation runes. The seven runes lit up at the same time, shining brightly. For a time, the shop was filled with a green light.
Under the illumination of this azure light, Shang Lei's eyes lit up. "Yes, I want these seven runes, but the price …" Shang Lei would definitely not buy them for the price of ten top grade True Essence Stones, so at this time, Shang Lei evaluated them according to the normal price.
"Meditation runes have limited uses, but these runes seem to be formed from a completely new type of rune. Not only that, but because they are perfect strokes, their efficacy is 30% higher than ordinary meditation runes. I'll buy these seven meditation runes for five top-grade true essence stones. What do you think?" Shang Lei chuckled.
The price that Shang Lei offered was considered fair. After all, these divine imprints weren't attack-type divine imprints. Moreover, they were only something that Luo Zheng had created for practice. Even if the 'Meditation Divine Imprint' had a better effect than the 'Meditation Divine Imprint' of the Central Region, it was still impossible for it to be sold for such a high price. Moreover, the reason Shang Lei offered such a price was because of the research value of Luo Zheng's divine imprint. It was a brand new divine imprint that had never appeared in the Central Region before.
The first meditation rune could be sold for ten top grade True Essence Stones because of Zong Rui's impulsiveness. Therefore, when Shang Lei raised the price to five top grade True Essence Stones, he decisively gave up. He didn't expect Zong Rui to shout out ten top grade True Essence Stones in one go.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. "Deal!"
"No!" Zong Rui was anxious. What kind of joke was this!? Just a moment ago, he had spent ten top-grade true essence stones to buy a meditation rune. In less than an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng had sold it to Shang Lei for almost half a top-grade true essence stone? No one could accept this.
"Why not?" Luo Zheng faintly looked at Shang Lei. This fellow had deliberately attacked him a moment ago. Luo Zheng wasn't a person who held grudges, but Zong Rui's words were still vivid in his mind.
"You sold it to me for ten top grade True Essence Stones, but you sold it to him for only five. Moreover, it's seven runes. The difference in price is too great!" Zong Rui's face was bitter. The happiness he felt after obtaining a perfect rune had disappeared without a trace. He felt that he had been cheated by Luo Zheng! Ten top grade True Essence Stones! Even if Zong Rui could easily make money as a rune master, ten top grade True Essence Stones was absolutely not a small sum to him!
"The difference in price is too great?" Luo Zheng stared at Zong Rui and sneered. "Did I force you to buy it?"
"No!" Zong Rui shook his head. "But …"
"Isn't that enough?" Luo Zheng sneered. He found a chair and sat down. He didn't even look at Zong Rui as he said to Shang Lei, "Boss Shang, please prepare a batch of materials for me after you settle the bill. This is the list!"
Shang Lei's face was filled with a proud smile. He carefully arranged the seven meditation runes while instructing his assistant to fetch the materials according to the list.
Zong Rui's complexion was extremely ugly at this time. He looked at the runes he had bought for ten top grade True Essence Stones. He could only tell himself that impulse was the devil …
He wanted to threaten Luo Zheng and return the ten top grade True Essence Stones, but at this time, Zong Rui remembered his mission. The Temple Master had sent him to attack Luo Zheng. How could he have forgotten this matter?
Hold on, this fellow had just said that these meditation runes were drawn by himself. Could it be that this was true? Otherwise, how could this boy have eight identical runes on him? A rune master with perfect rune strokes could at least reach the level of a Great Master! Even if he was an unknown hermit, why would he give his work to a little kid?
Zong Rui was shocked by his own deduction. He stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Did you really draw these runes by yourself?"
Luo Zheng casually nodded his head. "Do you want me to repeat myself a hundred times?"
"But, but …" Zong Rui suddenly slapped his own head, then he took out a rune pen from his Sumeru Ring. After that, he slapped the paper he used to draw the runes on the table, then he placed the ink he had mixed on the table. "Draw a stroke for me, just one stroke is enough! Prove it to me! "
Looking at the rune pen in front of him, Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. "Why do I have to prove it to you?"
"You just have to prove it to me! You said you drew these runes by yourself, but you have no proof! How can I believe you?! " Zong Rui hurriedly said. As the Chief Rune Master of the Cloud Hall, a Divine Core warrior, he had no face in front of Luo Zheng.
"Not interested." Luo Zheng took the five True Meta Stones and some materials from Shang Lei, then he turned around and was about to leave.
Zong Rui took a step forward and stood in front of Luo Zheng. With a sad expression, he said, "I'm begging you, please?"
When Shang Lei heard what Zong Rui said, he shook his head as well. Zong Rui's position in the Cloud Hall was even more important than any other Sect Elders. Who would have thought that a man like him would lower himself and beg a junior?
Luo Zheng stopped walking. He looked at the dark green rune pen in Zong Rui's hand, then he suddenly smiled and said, "Sure, but I have a condition."
"What condition?" Zong Rui stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"If I can prove that these runes were really drawn by me, then this rune pen will belong to me, what do you think?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.