Don't look down on this small rune pen; there were many mysteries within.
The rune pen Luo Zheng had purchased from Shang Lei was made of red iron gold. In fact, this was a typical rune pen used by apprentices. Although it could allow the soul to penetrate more finely, it wasn't light, and the pen's center of gravity wasn't good. Drawing the most basic and simple runes wasn't a problem. Even if there was an occasional mistake, it would only destroy a small rune.
But a large rune array was composed of hundreds, or even thousands of runes. For example, when Xiao Die gave Zong Rui the rune protecting array of a sixth-grade sect, Zong Rui calculated that there were over 13,000 runes! There couldn't be any mistakes in the middle of such a huge defensive array. Although the defensive array could be replaced with a single wrong rune, the most important rune in the center was composed of thousands of lines. Once a single wrong stroke was drawn, the entire defensive array would be destroyed.
Because of this, a good rune pen was extremely important.
Zong Rui's rune pen was made from the tip of a thousand year old Firecloud Bamboo. This bamboo tip could remain warm and soft for a hundred years. When soul force was poured into it, it could even be nourished by the bamboo tip. In addition, the outer shell of the pen and the tip were all made from top quality materials. The weight and feel were just right, and the tip was also very stable.
The price of this rune pen was at least three top-grade true essence stones on the market.
As a rune master of the Cloud Hall, Zong Rui naturally had more than one rune pen. But because this was his favorite rune pen, he always carried it with him.
"If you don't want to, then forget it. I still have things to do." Luo Zheng didn't want to waste time with Luo Zheng. He wanted to go around Zong Rui, but Zong Rui finally clenched his teeth and said, "Alright, if you can really display perfect brush strokes, then this rune pen is yours!"
Luo Zheng chuckled. He was very happy to earn a rune pen for free. However, when he saw the rune ink that Zong Rui had concocted, he frowned and asked, "What kind of ink is this?"
"Three stars, Blazing Sun rune!" Zong Rui said. There was a huge demand for this kind of rune in the Cloud Hall. Many people had asked Zong Rui to make them, so he would always carry them with him.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm not familiar with this. I just learned runes and only know how to draw one star runes." To be exact, Luo Zheng only knew how to draw one star runes. Although Zong Rui didn't want Luo Zheng to draw the three star Flaming Sun Rune, he only wanted Luo Zheng to draw a single stroke to prove that his' perfect brush stroke 'was enough. However, the characteristics of the materials used to make the Flaming Sun Rune and the way it was arranged was different from the one star meditation rune.
Therefore, Luo Zheng took out the ink he had mixed.
"You've just learned runes, and you only know how to draw a one-star rune … but you're already able to use the 'Perfect Brush Stroke'." Luo Zheng's words made Zong Rui extremely uncomfortable. An apprentice who had just learned runes couldn't even hold a rune pen properly, so how could he know the 'Perfect Brush Stroke'? This was a very contradictory existence.
However, looking at Luo Zheng's solemn vow, he felt that he had encountered an extremely absurd matter today. It was as if a newborn baby had opened his mouth and said a seven-word quatrain! It was simply absurd.
Let's continue watching. He really didn't believe that Luo Zheng could draw the 'Perfect Brush Stroke'. If he could really do it, then this rune pen could be considered a gift to him.
Grabbing Zong Rui's black rune pen in his hand, his heart suddenly moved. This guy's rune pen was really not bad. It fit his fingers very well and felt very good. When Luo Zheng separated a strand of his soul and poured it into the pen, he didn't feel cold. Instead, he felt that strand of his soul was immersed in a warm current. It was warm and comfortable.
This rune pen, I must have it!
Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. He grabbed the rune pen and dipped it in the ink he had mixed yesterday. Then, he drew on the paper.
At this moment, Zong Rui, Shang Lei, and even Shang Lei's shop assistants' gazes were focused on the tip of the pen. Their hearts were biased towards disbelief, but in the end, they still wanted to see how Luo Zheng would continue acting.
The moment the tip of the pen touched the paper, Luo Zheng had already clearly classified all the materials in the ink. Yesterday, he had consecutively drawn eight runes. Thus, he was very familiar with the characteristics of the materials used for meditation runes.
A cyan light suddenly lit up, drawing a perfect line on the paper.
"Incredible, incredible …" That cyan light constantly flickered, reflecting Zong Rui's extremely shocked face.
Shang Lei's complexion also greatly changed. As a member of the World Business Alliance, how sharp was his sense of smell? Almost in an instant, he realized the value of Luo Zheng! In the future, his rune skills would probably not be any worse than Feng Guanyu's. The World Business Alliance had to rope in Luo Zheng at all costs! He had to report this matter to the Alliance as soon as possible!
A full line slowly stretched on the paper. The perfect stroke completely released the energy in the ink. Then, the tip of the pen left the paper. Luo Zheng faintly smiled at Zong Rui. "This pen, is it mine now?"
Zong Rui silently nodded. He looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression, as if he was looking at a priceless treasure.
At this time, Zong Rui admired the Hall Master in his heart …
As a rune master of the Cloud Hall, he and the elders naturally heard about Luo Zheng's matter. They also knew that the reason Luo Zheng challenged the Elite Hall and caused such an uproar was because of the Hall Master.
Because the Hall Master was too young, many people privately criticized the Hall Master, saying that he was completely messing around! The Hall Master used the entire Elite Hall as Luo Zheng's sparring partner! Even if Luo Zheng's talent was high, was it worth the Hall Master's training?
However, the Hall Master's temper was not good. Even if the majority of the elders disagreed, they would only talk about it in private. No one dared to reprimand the Hall Master in person. Although the Hall Master's strength was still in the Divine Realm because of cultivating the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》, she still had the old monster of the Cloud Hall behind her!
Zong Rui also deeply agreed with this. Even when the Hall Master assigned him the task of suppressing Luo Zheng and making Luo Zheng give up on rune skills, Zong Rui's heart was conflicted. The Hall Master was too selfish, using so many people to train a junior. The Cloud Hall was not Luo Zheng's hometown!
Now, Zong Rui was convinced.
Not to mention that the Hall Master only used the help of the Elite Hall and Daoist Master Dameng, even if the entire Cloud Hall was used to train Luo Zheng, it was still worth it!
Luo Zheng contentedly stuffed the rune pen into his sumeru ring. Today, he came to the market. Not only did he sell the rune he tried to create yesterday for a good price, but he also unexpectedly obtained a good rune pen. How could Luo Zheng not be satisfied?
"Many thanks to the two seniors," Luo Zheng said with a smile and calmly left.
Zong Rui and Shang Lei looked at each other deeply. Both of them were clear about Luo Zheng's value. However, Shang Lei was more inclined towards Luo Zheng's commercial value, while Zong Rui understood Luo Zheng's value to the Cloud Hall!
There wasn't a huge conflict between the two, but it was still a conflict. The World Business Alliance was known as the uncrowned king, and although Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Cloud Hall, it was inevitable that he would get involved in some matters in the future. Therefore, the Cloud Hall didn't stop him from doing so.
Zong Rui hastily left boss Shang's shop and flew up into the sky. He turned into a beam of light and flew towards the Ice Palace where the Palace Master resided.
The Ice Palace located at the highest level of the Cloud Hall was now completely covered in a layer of icy mist. The tiny Ice Phoenix was guarding the entrance of the Ice Palace. This was Xiao Die's time to cultivate.
The difficulty of cultivating the Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens was extremely high. It required the cultivator to disperse their cultivation base nine times in a row. Each time, the cultivator would have to start from the Xiantian realm and start from the beginning. After breaking through to the Divine Core realm, the cultivator would have to disperse their cultivation base again, and repeat the process nine times.
This meant that Xiao Die would have to cultivate nine times in a row, and only then would she be able to master the Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens.
There were some cultivators with poor talent who couldn't break through to the Divine Core realm after spending hundreds of years, or even their entire lives. Even if they managed to break through to the Divine Core realm, they would be stuck at the same realm for the rest of their lives. It was extremely difficult for them to break through to the next realm.
But, with Xiao Die's talent, it wasn't difficult for her to break through to the Divine Core realm. Besides, when the Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens broke through to the Divine Core realm for the first time, the shackles in her body would be completely broken. Therefore, every time Xiao Die dispersed her cultivation base, it would only take her half a year to break through to the next realm.
The last time Xiao Die dispersed her cultivation base, her cultivation speed was extremely fast. When she was still in the Path of Trials, Xiao Die was only at the First Level of the Divine Reflection realm. Now, in less than a month, Xiao Die had broken through to the Seventh Level of the Divine Reflection realm. Next would be the Divine Core realm, and even higher realms …
Sitting within the Ice Palace, Xiao Die lowered her head. Wisps of True Yuan turned into cold air and formed into many diamond-like ice rings that slowly rotated around her.
"Hiss …"
A Message Talisman suddenly flew into the Ice Palace, and it started burning beside Xiao Die's ear.
Xiao Die furrowed her brows. Everyone in the Cloud Hall knew that she was cultivating right now, and no one would disturb her unless there was something important.
But, after the Message Talisman finished burning, Xiao Die finally opened her eyes. The frost in her eyes had condensed into two thin ice crystals, but in an instant, they melted into her dark green pupils.
She lightly waved her hand, and the icy mist in the Ice Palace was stirred up. The mist slowly spread out and sank into the ground, turning into tiny ice crystals and ice shards.
"Come in." Xiao Die's cold voice sounded out. At the same time, a puzzled expression could be seen on her face.
What was Zong Rui trying to say? He knew it was her time to cultivate, but why did he hastily burn the Message Talisman and say he wanted to see her?
She had just sent him to suppress Luo Zheng, could something have happened?