Zong Rui walked in hastily. Because he was walking too fast and the ground was too slippery, he almost tripped and fell!
For a Divine Core warrior to fall while walking, this was something that was simply unimaginable.
"Zong Rui, why are you in such a hurry? Is it because of the Sect Protecting Formation? " Xiao Die furrowed her brows and asked. Xiao Die was curious why Zong Rui was in such a panic, as if he had lost his soul. It couldn't be because of Luo Zheng, right?
"No, it's not! It's because of Luo Zheng! "Zong Rui said hastily." Oh, right, this subordinate greets Palace Chief! "After saying that, Zong Rui bowed.
"Luo Zheng? Oh … "Xiao Die nodded her head." Just because of this? "
If Xiao Die's cultivation was disturbed because of Luo Zheng, it didn't seem right. Zong Rui could just wait until tomorrow. Therefore, Xiao Die was even more curious.
In Xiao Die's opinion, Zong Rui could easily make Luo Zheng feel ashamed, and make him give up on learning rune arts and focus on cultivating martial arts. This was the right path to take.
"Just because of this, Palace Chief!" Zong Rui nodded his head.
"Why? Did you make Luo Zheng lose his confidence? " Xiao Die let out a faint smile. Zong Rui was the Chief Rune Master in her Cloud Hall, and his knowledge in runes was one of the best in the Central Domain. When facing a beginner Luo Zheng, perhaps with just a few words, he would be able to make him lose the courage to learn runes …
In fact, Zong Rui had the same thought at first. When he found out about Luo Zheng's work, he even wanted to criticize Luo Zheng's work. After all, a beginner's work was always clumsy, and there were many loopholes and errors in it. A Rune Master like Zong Rui, even a powerful Rune Master wouldn't be able to raise his head in front of him, let alone a mere Luo Zheng.
However, he had never seen Luo Zheng's rune before, so how could he criticize it? When the rune was lit up and he saw the perfect strokes, he had no right to criticize it. Even he couldn't grasp the perfect strokes, and he had no right to criticize Luo Zheng!
"No." Zong Rui shook his head.
Xiao Die was slightly surprised, "What? You don't look normal. What happened? "
Zong Rui then cupped his hands towards the Palace Master and said, "Palace Master, Luo Zheng is a genius of the Dao of Runes. I don't think it's necessary to forbid him from practicing runes. In the future, his attainments in runes will probably surpass that of the Son of Runes, Feng Guanyu!"
"Feng Guanyu?" Although Xiaodie didn't understand runes, she had naturally heard of Feng Guanyu, the famous "Son of Runes". There were also two authentic works of Feng Guanyu in the Cloud Hall.
However, Little Butterfly was getting more and more confused. Feng Guanyu was the number one rune master in the Central Domain. His attainments in rune techniques were unprecedented. Surpass him? Was Zong Rui's brain fried? Or was he deliberately looking for trouble and dawdling here?
Little Butterfly's face sank, and she scolded, "Zong Rui, what nonsense are you talking about here? Are you making fun of me, the Palace Master? "
Xiaodie ascended to the position of Palace Master at such a young age, which was not enough to convince the public. After all, to sit on the position of Cloud Hall Palace Master, one not only needed strength and talent, but also experience! Xiaodie was still young and didn't have enough experience, so it was difficult for her to restrain the group of Elders in the Cloud Hall. That was why Xiaodie said so.
"This subordinate wouldn't dare. This Luo Zheng is really a genius in runes. He is even more talented than him in martial arts. He has just started learning runes, but he has already comprehended the perfect stroke. Feng Guanyu also slowly comprehended it when he was in his forties!" Zong Rui quickly said. In fact, Zong Rui was also optimistic about Luo Zheng's rune lines! The meditation runes drawn by Luo Zheng had clearly broken away from the style of the Northern and Southern Sects in the Central Domain. They were completely different from the meditation runes he had seen before!
This seemed to be Luo Zheng's own creation! There were very few people who could create their own runes, especially runes that had evolved for so many years. There were very few new ways of thinking about rune lines. Just this point alone made the difficulty comparable to comprehending the "perfect stroke". This was because even Feng Guanyu had only invented three new types of runes.
Zong Rui naturally didn't know that Luo Zheng's runes couldn't be called runes, but divine runes! This was because the first divine rune drawn by Luo Zheng was a 1-star meditation divine rune, and meditation divine runes were only used for "concentration". Although Zong Rui felt that the degree of "concentration" of this meditation divine rune seemed to be stronger than ordinary meditation runes, this thing was originally an immeasurable feeling, and there was no way to quantify it.
If Luo Zheng created offensive divine runes in the future, Zong Rui would be able to feel that the divine runes drawn by Luo Zheng were fundamentally different from his runes!
Hearing Zong Rui's words, Xiao Die smiled and said, "Zong Rui, is it really as strong as you said?"
"Yes, it is …" Zong Rui nodded his head. But, before he could finish his sentence, he suddenly leapt up, because a huge icicle was flying towards him! He barely dodged the icicle by leaping up.
Xiao Die's smiling face had turned cold, and her slender fingers were glowing with an icy light. Obviously, she was the one who unleashed the icicle just now.
Although Xiao Die's cultivation base was lower than Zong Rui's, Zong Rui was still a rune master. Although he had broken through to the Divine Core realm, he wasn't good at close combat. Therefore, with a bitter expression, Zong Rui said, "Palace Chief, I'm not joking with you!"
"Is that so? I'm not joking with you either! "After saying that, Xiao Die waved her hand and unleashed countless foot long icicles towards Zong Rui.
Zong Rui dodged Xiao Die's icicles in a sorry state. In a moment of desperation, an idea flashed through his mind. Without hesitation, he extended his hand and tossed out the meditation rune that cost him ten top rank True Meta Stones!
"Palace Chief, I'm telling you the truth! If you don't believe me, you can have a look!" Zong Rui rolled on the slippery ground, then he unleashed another True Meta Stone into the rune. "This is Luo Zheng's work!" He almost howled out the last sentence. Zong Rui was in a sorry state right now, and he was feeling extremely depressed! This was like seeing a ghost …
If Zong Rui hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed what he just said. What did it mean to surpass Feng Guanyu? How could it be so easy to surpass a Son of Rune?
After Zong Rui unleashed his True Meta Stone into the meditation rune, it suddenly shone brightly. The green light was reflected in Xiao Die's eyes. When she saw the green light, Xiao Die exclaimed in surprise. She stretched her hand out and waved it, causing the meditation rune to float into her palm.
Xiao Die wasn't a rune master, but the concept of 'beauty' was universal. Even though she didn't know anything about runes, it didn't mean she didn't have her own sense of beauty. The smooth strokes on the rune gave off an aura of perfection.
"This … was really drawn by Luo Zheng?" Xiao Die stared at Zong Rui and asked. The icy mist in her eyes swirled again, as if two ice crystals were about to condense. Her calm tone made Zong Rui's heart tremble.
"Palace Chief, it's true. This was indeed drawn by Luo Zheng, although I don't know how he comprehended the 'perfect strokes'," Zong Rui said with a wry smile.
"I see … This is also why you came to me at this time." Xiao Die nodded.
"Yes, that's the reason. Therefore, I'm afraid I can't complete the task you gave me. Maybe in the future, we'll need Luo Zheng's help to set up the Sect Protecting Formation!" Zong Rui said again, "The Sect Protecting Formation of the Void Spirit Sect was made with the perfect strokes. If Luo Zheng can really use it freely, coupled with the Sect Protecting Formation of a Rank Six Sect, the Sect Protecting Formation of our Cloud Hall will be invincible in the Central Domain in the future!"
Xiao Die was silent. She didn't expect this to happen so suddenly. Not only did Zong Rui fail to defeat Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was also subdued.
Could this guy really do it to this extent? Xiao Die was stunned for a while and found that Zong Rui was still in the Ice Palace. Then Xiao Die waved her hand and said, "I know. You can leave first. Let me think about this matter."
Zong Rui let out a sigh of relief and left the Ice Palace.
Xiao Die thought for a while and then returned to her position. The thick icy mist wrapped around her again. Before her peerless face disappeared in the icy mist, she revealed a smile.
"I don't care. Let's see how far this guy can go," Xiao Die thought before starting to cultivate.
＝＝＝＝＝