A One Star Divine Rune was the most basic Divine Rune.
Among Qinglong's Divine Runes, there were some extremely powerful Divine Runes! For example, there was a Seven Star Divine Rune. It was only the size of a palm, but it was powerful enough to destroy an entire continent! Being able to destroy the entire Central Domain, this Divine Rune that came from the Upper Realm was incredibly powerful.
With Luo Zheng's current ability, the Seven Star Divine Rune was still far away from Luo Zheng's level. Even Qinglong couldn't draw it because of his weakened soul. Besides, even if Qinglong had the ability to draw it, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to find the materials required to do so.
However, Luo Zheng was very interested in a Four Star Divine Imprint. This Divine Imprint was called "Soul Breathing", and it had a very special effect. It could double a cultivator's cultivation efficiency without any negative side effects.
After entering the Central Domain, Luo Zheng's biggest problem was that his cultivation was too low! If he could get his hands on this "Soul Breathing" Divine Rune, his cultivation speed would be doubled, and it would bring great benefits to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had broken through to the Xiantian fourth level at the age of 18, and he was considered an outstanding genius in Chong Yang County! He was considered ordinary in the Blue Cloud Sect, but in the Central Domain, he was considered a nobody! Although Luo Zheng's foundation was very solid, and he was able to challenge Divine Realm warriors, if he encountered an Extreme Divine Realm warrior, or even a Divine Core warrior, he might not even have the chance to escape.
Increasing his cultivation had become Luo Zheng's most urgent problem.
Little Butterfly had arranged for the elite disciples to spar with him. Perhaps she had seen through this problem, but Luo Zheng was well aware that a martial artist often needed to experience life and death situations in order to make the greatest breakthroughs!
Besides, the elite disciples weren't idiots. Many of them were higher-ups of the Cloud Hall, and they knew that Luo Zheng's challenge to the elite disciples was just a trap set up by Little Butterfly. They were just training partners for Luo Zheng. If he could defeat them, Luo Zheng would fight them, but if he couldn't, he would run away. No one could catch him, so how were they supposed to play this game? Besides, the elite disciples also needed to accept missions from the Cloud Hall, and some of them had to go out and train.
Therefore, a few days later, when Luo Zheng went to challenge the elite disciples again, he would either be alone, or there were two Extreme Divine Realm warriors …
Little Butterfly realized that this was the Soul Breathing Divine Rune. after some preparation, Luo Zheng left the Cloud Hall, and went to collect the materials for the "Soul Breathing" Divine Rune.
Early in the morning, the sky was still bright. Thick clouds that were difficult to disperse slowly swirled around the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the Cloud Hall, took a deep breath, and then jumped down.
Although he could borrow the Flying Chariot from the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng wanted to test the one-star divine rune "Wind Feather" he had just made. This one-star divine rune was specially made for disciples below the Divine Realm to use. After installing the "Wind Feather" Divine Rune, Luo Zheng could feel the faint concept of wind, and he could fly with the wind. In other words, even if he hadn't reached the Divine Realm, he could still fly with the wind!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Jumping down from a thousand meters high, Luo Zheng combined the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal. He was like a leaf dancing with the wind. Borrowing the wind, Luo Zheng found a target and gently shook in the air. The momentum of his descent was greatly reduced, and then he gracefully landed on the ground.
This method was somewhat similar to Red Maple's movement technique, which allowed him to borrow the force of the air twice.
This scene stunned the two warriors who were about to enter the city. They were both Xiantian lifeforms. When they realized that Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian lifeform, but he was able to descend from the sky, they were immediately stunned.
As warriors of Cloud Sea City, they knew that a fourth-grade sect, the Cloud Hall, was located a thousand meters high in the sky. It seemed that this kid had most likely come from the Cloud Hall. In the eyes of ordinary warriors, the Cloud Hall was perhaps unreachable, but a Xiantian lifeform disciple of the Cloud Hall could fly? This already went against their knowledge and common sense.
Luo Zheng paid no attention to the two Xiantian lifeforms. Instead, he followed the main road towards Cloud Sea City. When he was in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng had inquired Shang Lei that the World Business Alliance's branch was in Cloud Sea City.
After entering Cloud Sea City, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh at the difference between the Central Domain and the Eastern Domain.
Because the Cloud Hall and the Cloud Sect were located here, Cloud Sea City was considered one of the top cities in the Central Domain. However, it wasn't the biggest city. Compared to the Eastern Domain's Burning Sky Imperial Capital, the difference was like heaven and earth. There was no comparison between the two.
In terms of family power, there were seven noble families and the imperial family in Burning Sky Imperial Capital. There was also the Blue Cloud Sect. The Blue Cloud Sect was only a second-grade sect, and the imperial family where Su Lingyun was from could barely be considered a second-grade sect. As for the seven noble families, they couldn't even be considered a second-grade sect …
However, there were seven to eight third-grade sects in Cloud Sea City, and this didn't include the Cloud Sect. Because the Cloud Sect belonged to the Cloud Hall, both of them belonged to the same system.
On the road in Cloud Sea City, Luo Zheng could see Divine Reflection realm warriors everywhere. There were even a few Divine Core warriors. Most of these warriors were in small groups of three to five. Obviously, they were here to replenish their supplies.
Luo Zheng's cultivation level didn't attract any attention.
Following Shang Lei's directions, Luo Zheng soon found the World Business Alliance's branch.
According to Luo Zheng's understanding of the World Business Alliance, although it didn't have any ranking, the power behind it was extremely frightening. It was even slightly stronger than the Cloud Hall, and was almost on par with the strongest sect in the Central Domain, the Void Spirit Sect.
However, this World Business Alliance's branch was very low-key. It was hidden in a residential area, and it didn't give off any imposing feeling. However, there were two Divine Reflection realm warriors guarding the entrance of the World Business Alliance's branch. This made people realize that this wasn't a place where ordinary people could enter.
When Luo Zheng approached the branch, one of the Divine Reflection realm warriors made a hand gesture to Luo Zheng, then he said with a cold voice, "Stop right there, this is the World Business Alliance's branch, all unrelated people should leave at once!"
The World Business Alliance's shops could be found all over the Central Domain. Normally, this branch didn't do any business, and only warriors who had important matters to discuss or big deals would come to this branch. Normally, these warriors were at least at the Divine Reflection realm, Divine Core realm, or even stronger than that.
Luo Zheng was just a tiny little Xiantian realm warrior, so when he stood at the entrance, the two Divine Reflection realm warriors immediately started chasing him away. This wasn't a place where Luo Zheng could enter. "Friend, go wherever you want, don't bring yourself bad luck!"
Hearing what these two men said, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. This World Business Alliance really thought too highly of themselves. If it wasn't for information, who would come here? After that, Luo Zheng took out a name card from his chest and threw it over. "This is the World Business Alliance's invitation card!"
One of the Divine Reflection realm warriors took a look at the name card. When he saw Shang Lei's name on the name card, his gloomy expression immediately turned into a bright one.
In the main union, Shang Lei could only be considered an ordinary deacon. But in this sub-union, he was absolutely a top figure. Only, the two martial artists guarding the gate were extremely puzzled. Why would Shang Lei give his name card to this Xiantian life form?
Even Divine Reflection realm warriors like them could only be the guards of the World Business Alliance, so why would a tiny little Xiantian realm warrior be welcomed by the World Business Alliance? Could it be that one of Shang Lei's relatives or nephew had recommended him to the World Business Alliance for a job?
Just as the two of them were guessing in their hearts, they heard a burst of deep laughter behind them. An old man walked towards Luo Zheng with a polite smile on his face. "Haha, little friend Luo Zheng has come to visit? Please forgive us for not coming out to meet you! Please forgive us for not coming out to meet you! "
When the two Divine Reflection Realm cultivators turned around, their eyes almost popped out of their sockets. The two of them hurriedly bowed respectfully to the old man, not even daring to breathe loudly. This was the leader of their sub-union, Mo Yuezhang!
What was going on? Who was this kid? He actually made Mo Yuezhang come out to meet him personally? The two Divine Reflection realm warriors couldn't wrap their heads around this.
However, Luo Zheng's words almost caused them to fall to the ground. Luo Zheng nodded and asked, "May I ask … who are you?"
This kid didn't even know the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance's Main Alliance, Mo Yuezhang, but he was still so polite! This kid … Thinking back to their attitude just now, the two Divine Reflection realm warriors instantly felt fear. If this kid casually said anything to Mo Yuezhang, they would be in deep trouble.
"This old man is Mo Yuezhang. Young hero Luo Zheng, please come in first. We can talk over tea." Mo Yuezhang chuckled, as if Luo Zheng was someone of the same generation as him.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at the two Divine Reflection realm warriors, then followed Mo Yuezhang inside. Only then did the two warriors breathe a sigh of relief.
Fortunately, this kid didn't hold a grudge and probably wouldn't complain about them to the Alliance Master.
However, they still couldn't understand why the Alliance Master would treat this kid so politely.