Luo Zheng followed Mo Yuezhang into the Sub-league, only to realize that the outside was just an illusion. Inside the Sub-league, he was greeted with a sense of luxury. Almost every corner was exquisite.
The World Business Alliance was a business organization. After surviving for so many years, it understood the principle of decline after the peak of prosperity. Doing things in a high-profile manner and keeping a low profile was the way to go.
Luo Zheng was treated as a guest of honor, and Mo Yuezhang personally welcomed him. Naturally, he had taken a liking to Luo Zheng's identity.
Shang Lei had already submitted Luo Zheng's seven runes, and even the General Alliance was shaken. The World Business Alliance was well aware of the value of a Runemaster with perfect strokes, so they had already given the order to rope in Luo Zheng at all costs!
Although Luo Zheng was a member of the Cloud Hall, the World Business Alliance generally did not participate in conflicts between sects. Luo Zheng was a Runemaster, so there was a lot of room for cooperation between them.
After Luo Zheng sat down, Mo Yuezhang clapped his hands, and two beautiful maids served him some fragrant tea.
"Young Hero Luo Zheng, are you here to purchase materials or to sell runes?" Mo Yuezhang asked straightforwardly.
"I will sell runes too, but most importantly, I want to purchase materials and some information," Luo Zheng said.
Mo Yuezhang nodded and took out a square nameplate from his hand. The nameplate was inlaid with gold and jade, and the words "Luo Zheng" were engraved in the middle of the nameplate. It looked exceptionally exquisite. "Young Hero Luo Zheng, our Sub-league has made this nameplate for you. With this nameplate, you will receive preferential treatment in any of the World Business Alliance branches. You are our most respected guest, including the materials we sell to you at a 20% discount! If you sell runes, the price will definitely be higher than the market price. "
Receiving the exquisite nameplate from Mo Yuezhang, Luo Zheng chuckled. The World Business Alliance was indeed something. This nameplate was obviously made in advance. The World Business Alliance was indeed generous, giving him such a great discount without any conditions!
The World Business Alliance was not a fool. A businessman would not do a losing business. They definitely wanted to cooperate with him, but their current approach was more pleasing.
It was always good to deal with smart people. Moreover, Luo Zheng himself needed a channel to sell runes, and the World Business Alliance was undoubtedly the best choice.
After that, Luo Zheng handed the runes he had drawn to Mo Yuezhang.
"These are all one-star runes, but the effect after activation is comparable to an ordinary two-star rune …" Luo Zheng said.
Mo Yuezhang took the runes from Luo Zheng's hands. Seeing the completely different lines, he nodded subconsciously. When Mo Yuezhang saw Luo Zheng's meditation runes, he guessed that Luo Zheng might have inherited another school of runes. Otherwise, no matter how talented Luo Zheng was, it would be impossible for him to draw runes with completely different lines.
Now, Mo Yuezhang had verified his guess. But what he did not expect was that the runes in Luo Zheng's hands were not runes, but runes!
Mo Yuezhang casually released his vital essence to light up these runes. When he saw the full and smooth brush intent, a smile appeared on his face. Just this novel way of drawing lines and the perfect brush strokes were enough to sell for a good price. Thus, he handed it over to the servants beside him for them to evaluate its value.
In fact, Mo Yuezhang did not care about one-star or two-star runes. But as Luo Zheng grew, it would be terrifying if he could draw four-star, five-star, or even six-star runes in the future!
"Young hero Luo Zheng, other than selling runes, what other materials do you need?" Mo Yuezhang asked casually.
Mo Yuezhang was very confident. There was no material in the Central Domain that he could not get. Moreover, with Luo Zheng's cultivation, the materials he needed now should not be too outrageous. Mo Yuezhang was thinking that if Luo Zheng's first request was not too outrageous, he could choose to give him some.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I want two portions of 'Sky Spirit Liquid', a five-thousand-year-old Purple Thunder Bamboo, a thousand-year-old Earth Withered Ginseng, and …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Yuezhang almost fell off his chair …
The materials that Luo Zheng mentioned were all top materials. Whether it was the 'Sky Spirit Liquid' or the five-thousand-year-old 'Purple Thunder Bamboo', they were all rare treasures that might only appear once in a few years or even decades. Even if the World Business Alliance got their hands on them, they would sell them quickly because the demand for these materials was too high. Those old monsters in the Central Domain were all eagerly eyeing them!
"Young Hero Luo Zheng, it's not that the Business Alliance doesn't want to sell it to you, but these things are too precious. They're rare items that only appear once in a decade. I can only promise you that I'll inform you immediately if there's any relevant news," Mo Yuezhang said with a bitter smile.
Luo Zheng nodded. He already knew that these things were too rare and could not be collected easily, so this time, he was mainly here for some information.
Mo Yuezhang then said, "But about the Purple Thunder Bamboo, someone just happened to report to me some time ago."
"How much is this information worth?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mo Yuezhang chuckled. "Young hero Luo Zheng, this information is not very secret, so it's not very valuable. Just treat it as a gift from me to a friend." Mo Yuezhang then burned a voice transmission talisman, and soon, someone sent a map over. Mo Yuezhang took the map and handed it to Luo Zheng. At the same time, he said, "However, if Young hero Luo Zheng intends to go look for the Purple Thunder Bamboo personally, then I won't recommend it."
With the appearance of such a rare treasure, it would definitely cause many martial artists to swarm over. Furthermore, the Extreme Yin Mountain it was located in was a dangerous place …
In Mo Yuezhang's eyes, Luo Zheng had perfect brushstrokes, and his talent in runes was unparalleled, but in terms of strength, Luo Zheng's Xiantian Mystic Realm cultivation was far from qualified.
However, Luo Zheng had legs, and Mo Yuezhang kindly reminded Luo Zheng, so he naturally could not stop him. After Luo Zheng left, Mo Yuezhang frowned and muttered to himself, "Are the people of the Cloud Hall stupid? They actually allowed Luo Zheng to go out and explore by himself … "
If other sects discovered a rune master like Luo Zheng, they would probably keep him in captivity like a divine beast, afraid that something would happen to him. However, the Cloud Hall allowed Luo Zheng to take such a risk, and this was what Mo Yuezhang could not understand.
A month later, five thousand miles southwest of Cloudsea City, the area after the West Mountain Pass was collectively known as the Western Domain. The customs and customs of the Western Domain were very different from those of the Central Domain.
Luo Zheng's figure flew along the official road of the Western Domain. It was not that he wanted to run with his legs, but his Flying Chariot had crashed half a month ago, and it was very difficult to buy a horse like the Lightning God Colt in the Western Domain, so he might as well run with his legs.
He was travel-worn all the way to the Western Domain.
The Western Domain was vast and sparsely populated, and there was usually not a single person within a hundred miles. Now, a small town appeared in front of Luo Zheng, and there was a small plaque by the side of the road with the words' Everest Town 'written on it.
After entering the town, Luo Zheng stepped into a restaurant in the town.
The waiter in the restaurant had a braided hair and a thick accent. He came up to them with a big smile. "Dear guest, please come in!"
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the waiter upstairs.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the second floor, he felt that something was wrong. There were almost no customers on the second floor. As soon as he stepped onto the second floor, he felt that several waiter and the manager were staring at him with malicious eyes.
What did these people want to do? A trace of doubt flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, but after checking the strength of these people, he still sat down casually.
The waiter with a braided hair carried a menu and said with a smile, "Dear guest, these are the specialties of our restaurant. Would you like to have one?"
Luo Zheng glanced at the menu casually and nodded, "Bring me all the specialties!" Luo Zheng was not picky about wine, meat, and food when he was away from home.
The waiter replied with a "hmm" and turned around to make a gesture to the manager. Then, the other waiter exchanged glances with each other, and no one knew what they were talking about.