To Luo Zheng's surprise, the chef of this small restaurant was very good at cooking. Although the dishes were simple, they looked, smelled, and tasted good. Luo Zheng didn't think much about it and started to eat heartily.
A cold smile appeared on the faces of the servants, and there was a trace of killing intent in their smiles.
Luo Zheng had entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain, so how sensitive was he to killing intent? How could he not see the killing intent released by these servants?
However, Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to it. Everything could wait until he was full.
But as Luo Zheng continued to eat meat and vegetables, the smiles on the faces of the servants gradually disappeared and were replaced by puzzled expressions.
After wolfing down the food, Luo Zheng finished the table of food, and suddenly turned to the servants and smiled, "What are you puzzled about?"
The servant with the braided hair looked embarrassed and said in a secretive manner, "No, nothing …"
"Do you want to ask why the poison in the food didn't work?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the faces of the servants suddenly changed. Not far away, the shopkeeper suddenly sneered, "Do it!"
The surrounding servants took out a small mechanism from their waists. At the end of the mechanism was a dark golden rope. After the servants took out the mechanism, they aimed it at Luo Zheng and shot it.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Seven or eight dark golden ropes wrapped around Luo Zheng's head. Almost in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was tied up tightly by the ropes. It was obvious that this was not the first time these servants had done this kind of thing. They cooperated with each other very closely.
In fact, Luo Zheng had enough time to avoid these ropes, but he didn't choose to do so. Instead, he let these ropes tie him up tightly.
The shopkeeper's face was full of smiles. He walked over proudly and said with a smile, "It's really strange that you weren't poisoned. But you know that the food is poisoned, yet you are still so calm. You don't know that our ropes have a restriction that can make your True Essence unable to circulate! Not bad, we caught another pig today. Let's bring it down first! "
Hearing the shopkeeper's words, Luo Zheng didn't panic in the slightest. If he was an ordinary Xiantian life form and was tied up by these ropes and unable to use his True Essence, he might have really fallen into a predicament! However, Luo Zheng's body was very strong. Even if he was bound by layers of ropes, it would be very easy for him to break free.
"Catch a pig? Why did you catch me? "Luo Zheng asked curiously. There was no panic on his face. Instead, he was calm and composed.
He didn't know why, but when the shopkeeper saw Luo Zheng's expression, he felt very unhappy. Every martial artist who had been caught by him had panicked. What did this brat mean by being so calm? The shopkeeper sneered, "Why are you asking so many questions when you're about to die?" Then he said to the servant, "Take him away!"
Several servants carried Luo Zheng and walked towards the back courtyard of the restaurant.
When Luo Zheng was carried to the back courtyard of the restaurant, he was surprised to find that there were more than 20 martial artists in the back courtyard!
They were from the Western Domain. Their eyes were sunken, and their clothes were completely different from those of the Central Domain. These martial artists were obviously from the Central Domain, but most of them were Xiantian life forms. There was only one Divine Reflection Realm martial artist. The number of dark golden ropes tied around the Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was twice as many as the others.
"Plop!" Luo Zheng was heavily thrown to the ground by those servants. These servants left the back courtyard without looking back. It seemed that they weren't worried that Luo Zheng could break free from the ropes and escape.
Luo Zheng had just struggled to sit up from the ground when he heard a martial artist whisper next to him, "Another pig was caught. Ai …"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and asked, "What do you mean?"
Just now, the shopkeeper had also said that he was catching a pig. What did he mean by treating people as pigs?
"Little brother, which Sect are you from?" That martial artist seemed to be mocking Luo Zheng's ignorance and asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and said immediately, "Cloud Hall."
Hearing Luo Zheng say the name of the Cloud Hall, the surrounding martial artists who were tied up suddenly changed their expressions, which were immediately replaced by looks of disbelief.
In the Central Domain, there were countless Sects of all sizes, especially second-grade Sects. There were probably no less than hundreds of them. There were even more third-grade Sects. However, there weren't many fourth-grade Sects. Moreover, the Cloud Hall was a top existence among fourth-grade Sects.
Therefore, the Cloud Hall had a very high status in the eyes of hundreds of millions of martial artists in the Central Domain. It was basically equivalent to the status of the Blue Cloud Sect in the Eastern Domain.
Obviously, these martial artists didn't believe Luo Zheng's self-introduction. Was this a joke? The disciples who could enter the Cloud Hall were the elites selected from the millions of martial artists. You, a Xiantian level expert, came from the Cloud Hall? Wasn't this a lie?
Luo Zheng saw this point, but he was too lazy to care about it. It was up to them to believe it or not, so he asked again, "You still haven't told me the meaning of catching a pig!"
"It means that we are all pigs and will be eaten by demon beasts. Can you stop asking?" That martial artist said impatiently. When the martial artists heard this, their expressions suddenly became gloomy. They knew that they would die soon, so no one was interested in explaining to Luo Zheng.
"Tell me why, and I will save you." Luo Zheng said indifferently.
That martial artist sneered and said with a crooked smile, "You? Xiantian fourth stage! Your cultivation is lower than mine, and you want to save me? Haha! "That martial artist was at the Xiantian seventh stage, so naturally, he looked down on Luo Zheng who was at the Xiantian fourth stage.
This black shop specialized in capturing Xiantian life forms. These ropes were infiltrated with Golden Geng Threads, and there was also a Zhen Yuan restriction on them. If a martial artist's Zhen Yuan was restricted, then they simply wouldn't be able to break free! There was also a Divine Realm martial artist tied up in this courtyard!
Who would have thought that just as that martial artist finished laughing, Luo Zheng's body suddenly issued a muffled sound, and one of the ropes was directly broken by Luo Zheng … ….
This special rope was certainly tough, but it couldn't withstand the power of Luo Zheng's dragon scales. Luo Zheng used the power of 100 dragon scales, and one of the ropes was directly broken!
Several martial artists saw this scene and were suddenly dumbfounded. How could this guy's physical strength be so terrifying? He didn't even need to use Zhen Yuan to break this rope!
Although they were surprised, they all saw a glimmer of hope for survival. These martial artists also understood that this was not the time to be arrogant, so they whispered to Luo Zheng, "If you can break this rope, then help us untie it!"
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would calmly say, "First, tell me, what is the meaning of feeding pigs?"
At this time, several martial artists rushed to answer, and one of them quickly said, "The news of Purple Thunder Bamboo appearing in Extreme Yin Mountain, do you know about it?"
"En," Luo Zheng nodded, he had come for this.
"Extreme Yin Mountain is very dangerous, and there are countless vicious beasts. In order to obtain the Purple Thunder Bamboo, some martial artists hired locals to capture us and use us as scouts. If we encounter a fierce vicious beast, we will naturally become pigs to feed the vicious beast!" The martial artist helplessly said.
Extreme Yin Mountain was rich in Purple Thunder Bamboo, and this Purple Thunder Bamboo grew in a very special environment. These Purple Thunder Bamboo often grew underground for dozens of years, or even dozens of years. When it was underground, it would grow very slowly, and in these dozens of years it would only grow a few inches long. But once it broke out of the ground, it would grow to several meters in a few weeks, or even ten meters in height.
Some Purple Thunder Bamboo would even grow underground for hundreds of years, or even thousands of years. Once this Purple Thunder Bamboo broke out of the ground, it would rapidly grow to dozens of meters in height! Once this thousand year Purple Thunder Bamboo was born, lightning would flash in the sky, creating a strange phenomenon!
The goal of these Xiantian mystic realm martial artists was not the thousand year Purple Thunder Bamboo. To these martial artists, if they could pick a few dozen year old Purple Thunder Bamboo, they would be very satisfied. So even though Extreme Yin Mountain was very dangerous, there were still many martial artists wandering around the foot of Extreme Yin Mountain, hoping to pick some Purple Thunder Bamboo.
Not long ago, a purple dragon shaped bolt of lightning had appeared in the sky, illuminating half the sky. Thus, many martial artists who were familiar with the Extreme Yin Mountain speculated that a Purple Thunder Bamboo that was at least a thousand years old had been born on the Extreme Yin Mountain! According to the power of the dragon shaped lightning in the sky, it might even be a ten thousand year old Purple Thunder Bamboo!
Because of the sudden appearance of the Purple Thunder Bamboo, some people came up with this vicious idea. They captured a portion of the martial artists and had them scout ahead. If they encountered any fierce beasts, these martial artists would be directly fed to the fierce beasts like pigs.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng finally understood the purpose of this black inn. Some people were too vicious for their own benefits. He shook his head, then opened the power of the dragon scale and spread out his arms.
"Pa pa pa …!"
All the ropes binding Luo Zheng's body broke at the same time, letting out a series of crisp sounds. Then, a broken flying knife quietly jumped out of his hand, cutting towards the dark golden ropes binding these martial artists.
Soon, the ropes binding the twenty or so martial artists in the courtyard were all untied.
The commotion alerted the people in the inn, and they heard a shout, "The martial artists in the backyard have escaped!"
"Escaped?" The only Divine Reflection Realm martial artist sneered, and the true essence in his body surged out, turning into sharp swords that shot towards the inn!
The rest of the Xiantian lifeforms followed suit.
The waiters and waiters in the inn weren't very strong, they were only at the Xiantian realm. They had only captured so many Xiantian lifeforms by using poison and other despicable methods.
However, they didn't expect Luo Zheng to not be afraid of poison. As for the dark golden ropes, they were completely useless against Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
With the joint attack of these Xiantian lifeforms, the entire inn collapsed.
"Damn it, I was careless, and was captured by these trash! What a disgrace! "
"Kill them all! As martial artists, how could they use such despicable methods?! "
Right at this moment, a few figures suddenly appeared in midair, and one of them let out a cry. "Eh? Why are all these pigs running away? Li Yan, what are your trash subordinates doing? "
Another man in the sky let out a cold snort. "Don't worry, none of them will be able to escape!"
All the martial artists in the backyard raised their heads, and their expressions immediately changed.
There were three Divine Core warriors standing in midair!
The only Divine Reflection Realm martial artist in the backyard was the first to react. He shouted out loudly, "Everyone, run in different directions!" After saying that, he leapt up into the air, trying to leave the place as quickly as possible. But, just as the Divine Reflection Realm martial artist jumped up, one of the Divine Core warriors waved his hand, causing a huge palm to appear in the sky and forcefully slap towards the Divine Reflection Realm martial artist.
"Puff!"
The Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was instantly turned into a cloud of blood mist by the slap!
When the slap landed, all the Xiantian lifeforms, including Luo Zheng, were frozen in place, not daring to move!
＝＝＝＝＝