In front of three Divine Core warriors, who dared to move?
Perhaps their fate would be the same as that Divine Reflection warrior, they would be smashed into a bloody mist!
Even Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest chance of escaping from these three people! Luo Zheng's expression didn't change, but he furrowed his brows. This was bad.
"All of you, stay where you are and don't move, or else you'll die!" A Divine Core warrior stared at the crowd with an indifferent expression.
Not long after that, a large group of people appeared on the path leading to the town. There were more than a thousand of them! Most of these warriors were at the Xiantian realm, and they were all wearing different outfits. However, the most distinctive thing about them was that they were all tied up by dark golden ropes, and they were all tied up together. There was no way for these men to escape!
They had captured so many men! Were they really going to the Extreme Yin Mountain to harvest Purple Lightning Bamboo?
When this large group of men slowly arrived, there were still many warriors on both sides of the path. They picked up the dark golden ropes and threw them at Luo Zheng and the other men.
In front of three Divine Core warriors, who dared to resist?
Luo Zheng obediently put on the ropes, then he was led into the large group of men.
Luo Zheng was puzzled. Even if they were going to harvest Purple Lightning Bamboo, they would need warriors to explore the path with their lives, but why did they need so many men? What were these Divine Core warriors trying to do?
Right at this moment, a young man wearing purple clothes arrived. He looked to be in his late twenties, and he was a Divine Core warrior as well, a Late Divine Core warrior!
The three Divine Core warriors bowed toward the young man in purple. "Greetings, young master!"
The young man in purple nodded his head. "Have we gathered enough heads?"
"Young master, we have a total of 1,036 heads!" The Divine Core warrior replied.
"En, not bad, you've gathered so many heads in such a short period of time. When we return to the sect, I'll give you a great merit!" The young man in purple said with a faint smile.
"Thank you, young master!" A happy expression emerged on the Divine Core warrior's face.
On the other hand, the other two Divine Core warriors were instructing the warriors below them. They were trying to keep the thousands of warriors who had been treated like 'pigs' in formation as they marched forward.
Luo Zheng's brows were tightly knitted as he stood in the middle of the group.
Two Early Divine Core experts, one Mid Divine Core expert, and that so-called young master was actually a Late Divine Core expert! What were they trying to do by capturing so many people up the Ji Yin Mountain? No matter what it was, it was definitely not something good.
How could he escape? Even if he had the ability to break free from the dark golden rope, what would happen after that? With his current strength, there was no way he could escape from a Divine Core warrior!
The team of over a thousand people was tied together, so their speed was not fast. After walking for half a day, they finally saw a black mountain in the distance. This mountain looked like a sleeping elephant. This was the Extreme Yin Mountain.
When they arrived at the foot of the Extreme Yin Mountain, the purple-clothed young man suddenly took out a dragon shaped jade pendant from his hand. He raised it up high and waved it around the Extreme Yin Mountain. After that, he decided on a direction and started walking towards it.
Luo Zheng didn't recognize the Dragon Shaped Jade Pendant, but right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a violent tremor in his mind.
"En? What's going on? "Luo Zheng could feel that the tremor came from deep within his mind. Could it be Qinglong? He asked in his mind, "What's going on?"
After a brief moment, Qinglong let out a chuckle.
Luo Zheng said gloomily, "We're in big trouble, how can you still laugh?!" If he couldn't escape from this place, he would most likely die here.
"Big trouble? I don't think so, I think it's a great opportunity! "Qinglong said with a faint smile.
Opportunity? Luo Zheng was puzzled. Even if there really was an opportunity, how was he going to take it away in front of these Divine Core warriors? Therefore, Luo Zheng said, "Tell me more clearly!"
Luo Zheng knew very well what Qinglong's vision was like. In the world he lived in, Qinglong didn't care about anything at all! It was as if there was nothing he cared about. Whether it was Luo Zheng's' Perfect Brush Strokes', 'Perfect Sword Intent', or all the treasures he obtained, they were all trash in Qinglong's eyes.
If even Qinglong said it was a great opportunity, how could it be a small opportunity?
"Hehe, speaking of which, this opportunity is actually related to me! Don't even think about running away. If that guy really finds that place, I have the confidence to help you break through to the Divine Reflection realm! "Qinglong said with an indifferent tone." I think I know what that guy is trying to do. "
Break through to the Divine Reflection realm! Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng became even more curious. He just couldn't understand what was happening in front of him. What was the young lord's goal for entering the Extreme Yin Mountain?
It was completely different from what Luo Zheng had imagined. The few Divine Core warriors didn't plan to let these Xiantian Realm warriors lead the way. The two Early Divine Core warriors led the way, and whenever they encountered any ferocious beasts, they would kill them. With this, the group of over a thousand men wouldn't be disturbed.
The ferocious beasts in the Extreme Yin Mountain were very strong, but the ferocious beasts at the foot of the mountain and halfway up the mountain were nothing in front of these Divine Core warriors.
The young lord would take out the dragon-shaped jade pendant in his hand and inspect it. After that, he would instruct the group to continue moving forward. Judging from the direction they were heading, his goal wasn't the Extreme Yin Mountain!
"Qinglong, what is our destination? Tell me first! "Luo Zheng asked again.
Qinglong just smiled and didn't answer his question. He only said, "You'll know when we get there! Like I said, if you're lucky enough to enter that place, I'll guarantee that you'll break through to the Divine Reflection realm. Not only that, I'll also give you some other great benefits! "
Since Qinglong didn't want to tell him, Luo Zheng didn't ask any further. Qinglong, the other eight dragons, and the mysterious cauldron were connected to him in his mind, and he believed that it wouldn't harm him.
As they walked along the winding mountain path, they walked for more than two hours. At this time, a concave mountain stream suddenly appeared in front of them. And in the center of the mountain stream, there was actually a tower of light that seemed to be illusory!
The tower was about 30 meters tall, and it was covered in a strange light. On top of the tower, there was a huge creature, a Winged Dragon!
The Winged Dragon had a pair of wings, sharp teeth, a bulging forehead, and four strong limbs. It was sitting on top of the tower, baring its fangs and brandishing its claws.
"I've finally found it! When others see this natural phenomenon, they think it's the birth of the Purple Lightning Bamboo, but it's actually the birth of the Rising Dragon Platform! This time, I'll definitely get what I want! Hahaha! "The purple-clothed young man's eyes flickered with a strange light.
The few Divine Core warriors congratulated him as well, "Congratulations young master, you've actually found the Rising Dragon Platform!"
Perhaps it had heard the purple-clothed young man's wild laughter, the Winged Dragon on top of the tower stretched its neck and let out a loud roar.
"Roar!"
Hearing the loud roar, the thousands of Xiantian realm warriors were so scared that they knelt down with pale faces.
"Drive them away! Let's fill the Winged Dragon's stomach! "The purple-clothed young man waved his hand and ordered.
The surrounding warriors were waving the whips in their hands and scolding at the same time, trying to drive Luo Zheng and his men away. However, the group of over a thousand warriors didn't move at all!
Since they were going to die anyway, who would be willing to be buried in the dragon's mouth?
Some Xiantian realm warriors even straightened their necks and scolded. "Kill me if you can! I'd rather die than fill the stomach of this bastard!"
"I don't care if I die, it's better than letting you get away with it!"
At this time, the two early Divine Core warriors finally made their move. They rushed over, grabbed a few warriors, and threw them down into the valley as if they were sacks. They slid down the slope of the mountain stream, but before they could reach the bottom, the Winged Dragon stretched out its long neck and bit towards the warriors. The warriors didn't even have time to scream before they were swallowed by the Winged Dragon in a single gulp.
Witnessing this scene, the faces of all the warriors turned pale! Previously, they were hoping that the Winged Dragon wouldn't eat them, but it was eating them so cleanly!
The Xiantian life forms at the edge of the mountain stream were tossed down one by one by the two early Radiant God powerhouses. As for that fierce looking Winged Dragon, it didn't refuse anyone. Every martial artist it tossed down was swallowed whole!