"Jump down, then run towards the entrance of the Rising Dragon Arena. I'll take care of the rest." Qinglong said in an indifferent manner.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng calmed down a little. A super mighty Divine Beast like Qinglong wouldn't do something he wasn't confident in.
One by one, the Xiantian warriors were thrown down. Soon, it was Luo Zheng's turn. The two Divine Core warriors grabbed Luo Zheng and threw him down into the mountain stream.
Luo Zheng slid down the slope of the mountain stream. The Flying Winged Dragon on the Rising Dragon Arena kept growing larger in Luo Zheng's eyes. The Flying Winged Dragon stretched its neck and tried to bite Luo Zheng.
"Qinglong!"
Luo Zheng instantly broke free from the rope. Although he knew he was no match for the Flying Winged Dragon, and he needed to rely on Qinglong, he still had his guard up.
"What?"
When the young lord who was watching from the top of the mountain stream saw Luo Zheng break the rope with just his physical strength, a surprised expression emerged on his face. But soon, a faint smile appeared on his face. In his mind, Luo Zheng was just a hopping grasshopper, and in the end, he wouldn't be able to escape and become the Flying Winged Dragon's food.
Right when the Flying Winged Dragon's mouth was about to reach Luo Zheng, Qinglong suddenly let out a powerful dragon roar in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Roar!"
The roar of a True Dragon echoed throughout the entire mountain stream.
The ferocious Flying Winged Dragon in front of Luo Zheng retracted its head like a frightened rabbit. It sat on the Rising Dragon Arena and stared at Luo Zheng with its huge dragon eyes. Its eyes were filled with fear and doubt.
The Flying Winged Dragon was an evolved Flood Dragon, and it couldn't be considered a Divine Beast. However, Qinglong was a True Dragon, a super mighty Divine Beast! The Flying Winged Dragon's fear of Qinglong was innate, and it came from its bloodline.
The expressions of the few Divine Core warriors on top of the mountain stream changed dramatically. This was especially so for the Young Master. With a flash of his body, he looked like he was about to rush down from the top of the mountain stream. However, when he saw Ying Long on the Rising Dragon Platform, he gave up on that idea!
This Winged Dragon wasn't something a Divine Core warrior could deal with.
"This brat … Why did he release such a powerful dragon roar? What secrets does his body hold? " The Young Master looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression, "Even if you escaped the Winged Dragon's attack, do you have the ability to enter the Rising Dragon Arena?" The young master subconsciously gripped the dragon-shaped jade pendant in his hand. This jade pendant was the most precious treasure of his clan. It had been kept in his home for so many years, waiting for the Rising Dragon Platform to appear. Without this jade pendant, there was no way to open the door to the Rising Dragon Platform!
Luo Zheng was falling at an extremely fast speed. While he was falling, he was constantly stepping on the walls of the mountain stream. Almost in the blink of an eye, he had already reached the bottom. Both of his feet had stepped into the soft soil to a depth of one foot! Right after he landed on the ground, he immediately started flying towards the Rising Dragon Platform.
Although Qinglong's dragon roar had frightened the Winged Dragon, Qinglong didn't have a physical body. If the Winged Dragon reacted, Luo Zheng would still be in trouble.
"The door is closed!" Luo Zheng continued flying towards the Rising Dragon Platform's door. At the same time, he told Qinglong.
"Don't worry, just get closer!" Qinglong said in a calm manner.
Right when Luo Zheng approached the door, Qinglong stretched out a thread of his soul and inserted it into a round mark on the door. Right when Qinglong's soul touched the mark, a creaking sound could be heard from the door. The door was actually opened!
"Enter!" Qinglong said.
Without needing Qinglong's order, Luo Zheng's figure instantly flew into the Rising Dragon Platform's door. After that, the door shut with a bang.
Witnessing this, the Young Master and all the other Divine Core warriors were dumbfounded.
"This, this guy … how did he get in …?"
The Young Master couldn't understand how Luo Zheng had managed to enter the Rising Dragon Platform without his family's precious treasure! He lowered his head and looked at the Dragon Element Jade Pendant that he was holding in his hand like a precious treasure.
Originally, according to his plan, after feeding the Winged Dragon, he would wait for a chance to enter the Rising Dragon Platform. But, he never expected that among those 'pigs' he caught, a Xiantian realm warrior would be the first one to enter the platform! This made the Young Master feel extremely unbalanced. He clenched his teeth and said, "Hurry up, throw all these pigs away!"
Right after the Rising Dragon Platform's door closed, Luo Zheng felt like he had arrived in a strange space. Within the Rising Dragon Platform, faint white lights could be seen blinking everywhere. In the center of this space, there was a flight of stairs.
"Qinglong, this is clearly a tower, why is it called the Rising Dragon Platform?" Luo Zheng asked. He was currently on the first floor of this tower.
Qinglong let out a mischievous laugh and said, "You'll know once you climb up, I'm sure you'll get plenty of benefits!"
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. Since he had accidentally entered this place, he had no choice but to bite the bullet and climb up. After passing through the first flight of stairs, Luo Zheng easily climbed up to the second floor.
The scenery on the second floor was completely different from the first floor. On the walls of the second floor, there were numerous dragon reliefs. These dragon reliefs were baring their fangs and brandishing their claws, and they looked extremely lifelike. Luo Zheng stared at the dragons on the reliefs. Suddenly, he felt the scenery around him change.
Right now, Luo Zheng felt like he was standing on a huge ice surface. When Luo Zheng lowered his head, he could even see his own reflection on the ice surface. The surrounding was extremely cold, and everything seemed so real.
"An illusion formation?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
"Break through it, you have to climb to the top of the Rising Dragon Platform! If you fail, you'll be ejected from the platform! "Qinglong said in a serious manner. It seemed like he was taking Luo Zheng's trip to the Rising Dragon Platform very seriously.
If he was really ejected from the platform, Luo Zheng would either have to face the powerful Winged Dragon, or those few Divine Core warriors. The situation would be very bad for him.
Right when Luo Zheng nodded his head, the vast ice layer suddenly started cracking, as if some gigantic creature was hammering at the bottom of the ice layer. Soon, cracks started appearing on the ice layer.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
When these cracks were completely destroyed, something suddenly jumped up from the bottom of the ice layer. Each of these gigantic creatures was nearly 30 to 40 meters tall, and there were two sharp fangs protruding from their mouths.
"Ferocious Polar Beasts!" Looking at these gigantic creatures, Luo Zheng's expression darkened, but it was quickly replaced by a calm expression.
When these gigantic creatures jumped out from the bottom of the ice layer, they all revealed ferocious expressions as they dashed toward Luo Zheng.
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng drew out his Bloodthirsty Sword and charged toward these ferocious Polar Beasts.
These ferocious Polar Beasts were extremely strong, but they were a little slow. Luo Zheng dashed forward like a shuttle. Luo Zheng dashed toward one of the ferocious Polar Beasts, and when he got close to it, he struck with his Bloodthirsty Sword.
"Thrusting Sword!"
"Pop!"
The longsword pierced through its body, but Luo Zheng didn't stop moving. When he passed by the ferocious Polar Beast, he left a long and narrow wound on its stomach. After that, he dashed toward the next ferocious Polar Beast.
"Eh? What's going on … "
Luo Zheng thought the ferocious Polar Beast he killed would turn into bright spots and disappear in the illusion formation. But, this ferocious Polar Beast kept bleeding, and after letting out a few howls, it laid down on the ground. Its corpse didn't disappear!
"This isn't an illusion formation! Is this the real world? " Luo Zheng's face was full of surprise. He thought this was an illusion formation used for cultivation, but he was clearly in the Rising Dragon Arena just now. If it wasn't an illusion formation, where was this place?
"Hehe, you can say that. I said this is a divine rune formation. It's not something you can understand. You just need to kill your way up layer by layer!" Qinglong said with a smile.
When the ferocious Polar Beast fell to the ground, a mass of evil energy floated out of its body and rushed toward Luo Zheng. This evil energy came from a living creature's curse. Luo Zheng was even more certain that this was a real world!
Just as the mass of evil energy rushed over, a small yellow light spot shot out of the ferocious Polar Beast's body and flew toward Luo Zheng. It instantly entered Luo Zheng's Dantian.
"What's this?" Looking at the yellow light spot, Luo Zheng's face was full of doubts. But obviously, there was no time for Luo Zheng to be puzzled. Three more ferocious Polar Beasts pounced on Luo Zheng from the side.
Luo Zheng kept moving between these behemoths. Every time he moved, the [Bloodthirst Sword] in his hand would drink blood. The surging sword intent cut these ferocious Polar Beasts into various shapes. Soon, the ferocious Polar Beasts on the ice layer were piled up like a small mountain.
As Luo Zheng kept slaughtering these ferocious Polar Beasts, wisps of evil energy flowed toward Luo Zheng's body. The yellow light spots were constantly entering Luo Zheng's Dantian.