When the feeling of fullness appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the True Yuan in his Dantian start spinning, and the True Yuan stored in his Dantian started spreading outwards. It wasn't under Luo Zheng's control at all!
"This is!" Luo Zheng was overjoyed. He had broken through to the fifth level of the Xiantian realm!
Was this because of the yellow light?
"Hehe, do you understand now, kid?" Cang Long's voice sounded out at an untimely moment. "This is the Light of Fortune from the True Dragon clan, it has a miraculous effect on warriors with a lower cultivation base."
What Luo Zheng needed the most right now was to improve his cultivation base. Although his cultivation speed wasn't slow in the Cloud Hall, it was still too slow for Luo Zheng!
Until now, he still hadn't received any news from Luo Yan! How could Luo Zheng not feel anxious when facing the Eastern Heretic King who possessed an unfathomable strength? Increasing his cultivation and overall strength was Luo Zheng's most urgent need right now. Although he had gained a lot during his journey as a cultivator, his cultivation base hadn't improved by much!
"This Light of Fortune is so heaven-defying! That Late Divine Core guy is going to break through to the Divine Core realm soon? "Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong coldly harrumphed. "In your dreams! This Light of Fortune is only effective on those below the Divine Core realm, it has no effect on Divine Core warriors! The biggest reason is that this Rising Dragon Arena has just been born, and it has been accumulating for thousands of years. There is a huge amount of Light of Fortune here, and after you looted it, there are only a few left! "
Every time the Rising Dragon Arena was used, it would take a period of time for it to produce a new Light of Fortune. But this time, it had been looted by Luo Zheng. If it were any other warriors, even if they passed the second stage, they would only be able to obtain two or three Light of Fortune. No one was like Luo Zheng, who had obtained so many Light of Fortune in one go!
Without a doubt, Luo Zheng had picked up a huge opportunity this time. This was also the reason why Qinglong insisted that Luo Zheng stay here.
"I understand now!" Luo Zheng's face was brimming with radiance. If he could climb all the way to the top of the Rising Dragon Arena, he might really be able to break through to the Divine Illumination Stage! This kind of cultivation speed was simply unheard of. It was simply too shocking!
As Luo Zheng's Dantian stopped rotating, the environment of the Divine Rune Array also slowly dissipated. Just like that, he passed through the second layer.
Luo Zheng didn't stop. He strode towards the stairs leading to the third floor. Just as Luo Zheng reached the third floor, he suddenly heard the sound of the door opening and closing!
"Oh no, someone came in!" Luo Zheng's expression changed. It was most likely that the Young Master had fed the Winged Dragon and entered the Rising Dragon Arena.
"There's no rush. Just climb up at your own pace," Qinglong said calmly.
Luo Zheng strode onto the stairs leading to the third floor, then he asked again, "But, I don't think my climbing speed is as fast as his."
It took Luo Zheng the time it took for an incense stick to burn to kill all those ferocious beasts. But, if it was a Divine Core warrior, perhaps it would only take him a few breaths of time to kill all those ferocious beasts, then he would be able to catch up to Luo Zheng.
"Haha, the Divine Rune Array in this Rising Dragon Arena is set up according to the strength of the person who climbs the Rising Dragon Arena. He is a Late Divine Core warrior, so the ferocious beasts he will encounter will be many times stronger than the ones you've encountered. Therefore, you don't have to worry about him being faster than you!" Qinglong said with a smile.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally felt relieved. But, at the same time, he had a new question, "Since the Light of Creation in this Rising Dragon Arena can't help him improve his cultivation, why is he still climbing the Rising Dragon Arena?"
"You'll know the reason when you reach the top of the Rising Dragon Arena!" Qinglong kept Luo Zheng guessing.
After stepping onto the third floor of the Rising Dragon Arena, the surrounding became blurry, and Luo Zheng felt as if the sky and earth were spinning. In the next moment, he found himself in a dense forest. Within this dense forest, there were numerous huge golden pythons coiling around the trees. When these huge golden pythons noticed Luo Zheng, they immediately leaped towards Luo Zheng.
With a smile on his face, Luo Zheng waved his Bloodthirsty Sword and dashed towards the incoming golden pythons. In Luo Zheng's eyes, these huge golden pythons were tiny dots of Light of Creation, threads of murderous aura!
While Luo Zheng was fighting with these huge golden pythons, something unexpected happened outside the Rising Dragon Arena.
Outside the Rising Dragon Arena, the Winged Dragon who had eaten its fill was lazily resting on top of the pagoda. It was coldly gazing at three Divine Core warriors not far away from it. After these three Divine Core warriors brought their young master into the pagoda, they obediently waited outside. However, when faced with a ferocious looking Winged Dragon, even these three Divine Core warriors felt nervous. Therefore, they kept their distance from the Winged Dragon.
Right at this moment, a dazzling galaxy suddenly appeared in the sky, illuminating almost half of the sky. The few Divine Core warriors raised their heads and looked into the sky. What they saw was a few horses galloping in the sky, dragging a carriage behind them as they flew towards the pagoda!
The carriage left behind countless sparkling lights as it flew through the sky, as if the carriage was traveling through the galaxy.
When these Divine Core warriors saw the carriage flying through the sky, their expressions immediately changed.
"Damn it! The others have discovered the Rising Dragon Arena as well! "
"That carriage … it's Madame Poison Blood from the Blood Wood Cliff! What should we do? She's here! "
"What can we do? She's an old monster at the False Tribulation realm, what can we do? Luckily, young master has already entered the pagoda, if not, I'm afraid our young master won't be able to get any benefits from the Rising Dragon Arena! "
Not long after that, the carriage arrived above the mountain stream, then it stopped in midair. A beautiful woman with a graceful body walked out from the carriage. She looked extremely coquettish, and every movement she made made her look like a ripe apple.
This woman was Madam Poison Blood from the Blood Wood Cliff, an existence who had surpassed the Divine Core realm, and was one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain!
Madam Poison Blood threw an indifferent glance at the Rising Dragon Arena, then with a soft laugh, she said, "Interesting, I knew there would be strange phenomena in the Western Region, and it wouldn't be something as simple as the Purple Lightning Bamboo. I never thought I would make the right choice, the Rising Dragon Arena has appeared!"
After saying that, Madam Poison Blood turned to the three Divine Core warriors, then she beckoned them with her finger. "You three, come over here."
When the three Divine Core warriors heard Madam Poison Blood's words, their scalps immediately went numb. Although they didn't want to, although Madam Poison Blood had a beautiful appearance, she was cruel and cruel. How could they not come?
"You're from the Ghost King Xue family?" Madam Poison Blood asked with a gentle voice.
"Yes, madam!" One of the Divine Core warriors replied. The Ghost King Xue family was a third grade power, and although there was only a difference of one grade between a third grade power and a fourth grade power, the gap between them was huge!
Madam Poison Blood nodded her head and said with a smile, "Looks like your young master has entered the arena? I've heard that the Ghost King Xue family possesses the bloodline of the dragon race, and it looks like the rumors are true! "
"Our young master has indeed entered the Rising Dragon Arena." One of the Divine Core warriors said. "The Rising Dragon Arena can only be opened with the help of our young master's dragon-shaped jade pendant. Therefore, the Rising Dragon Arena belongs to the Ghost King Xue family …"
Before the Divine Core warrior could finish his words, Madam Poison Blood flipped her hand, and a dragon-shaped jade pendant appeared in her palm. "Are you talking about this dragon-shaped jade pendant? I have one as well! Looks like this Rising Dragon Platform should belong to my Blood Wood Cliff! "
After saying that, Madam Poison Blood threw an indifferent glance at the Winged Dragon. Although this Winged Dragon was a little troublesome to deal with, it wasn't difficult for Madam Poison Blood to drive it away.
"Madame Poison Blood …" The Mid Divine Core warrior didn't want to give up, but Madame Poison Blood simply threw an indifferent glance at him, causing him to shut his mouth obediently. In the world of warriors, only those with strength would have the right to speak. If you didn't have strength, you were nothing!
The Rising Dragon Arena was a very useful treasure, no matter to a sect or a family! Every once in a while, the Light of Fortune would be produced from the tower, and it was very helpful to the disciples of the sect! Although Luo Zheng had taken away a large amount of the Light of Fortune because he was the first to arrive, it would only take a certain amount of time for the Light of Fortune to regenerate!
Right now, the Winged Dragon was crouching on the Rising Dragon Arena, staring at Madam Poison Blood with its dragon eyes. This was the first time it felt threatened since the Rising Dragon Arena appeared.
However, just as Madam Poison Blood was thinking about how to take away the Rising Dragon Arena, the cawing of crows suddenly sounded out from the sky. A large flock of crows was flying towards the arena, covering the entire sky.
When she saw the flock of crows, Madam Poison Blood's expression immediately darkened. With a cold voice, she said, "That old fool Black Crow, he always comes here to join in the fun!"
＝＝＝＝＝