These crows were flying at an incredible speed. They were just flying in the sky a moment ago, but in just the blink of an eye, they had arrived above the mountain stream.
"Hahaha, Madame Poison Blood, it looks like someone has arrived before you!" A man wearing a black ghost mask was standing on top of the crows. No one could tell his age, but since Madame Poison Blood called him an old man, he must have lived for a long time.
"So what? I found the Rising Dragon Platform before you, first come, first serve, this Rising Dragon Platform belongs to me! "Madame Poison Blood said with a cold voice.
Black Crow let out a laugh. "Madame Poison Blood, you're one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain, since when are you talking about first come first serve?"
"Even if first come first serve, do you think I'm afraid of Black Crow?" Madame Poison Blood said with a cold voice.
When the three Divine Core warriors from the Ghost King Xue family heard the conversation between these two mighty figures, they immediately sighed in their minds. It seemed like the Xue family wouldn't be able to get a share of the Rising Dragon Platform, and they could only hope that their young master would be able to find a fortuitous encounter in the Rising Dragon Platform!
Just as Madame Poison Blood and Black Crow were arguing, another dragon roar suddenly sounded out from the sky not far away!
"Roar, roar roar!"
A gigantic Flood Dragon actually coiled around and flew towards them.
"A Flood Dragon?" Madame Poison Blood's expression changed.
"No, I can't sense any life force from this Flood Dragon, it looks like a Flood Dragon puppet!" Black Crow was wearing a mask, so no one could see his expression.
When the Winged Dragon on the Rising Dragon Platform heard the Flood Dragon's roar, it immediately let out a dragon roar as well! There seemed to be some unwillingness in this roar. It seemed that there were too many experts today. Even a creature as strong as the Winged Dragon was nervous.
When the Flood Dragon got closer, it opened its mouth, and three people walked out from it. The leader was the current Palace Master of the Cloud Hall, Xiao Die.
After a month of secluded cultivation, Xiao Die's temperament had undergone a qualitative change. She had broken through to the Divine Core realm from the Divine Reflection realm! Xiao Die had dispersed her cultivation nine times, and every time she cultivated again, there would be no bottleneck. Therefore, her cultivation speed was incredibly fast, and in just one month, she had broken through to the Divine Core realm from the Divine Reflection realm!
"The Cloud Hall's name! Ning Yudie! This flood dragon puppet … where did you get it? "Black Crow asked.
Madam Poison Blood also looked envious. As the Sect Master of a fourth-grade sect, they naturally knew the importance of this flood dragon puppet. If there was a war between sects, this flood dragon puppet could often turn the tide of the battle. It was a strategic weapon!
Ning Yudie giggled. "I'm not telling you! Unless you give me the Rising Dragon Platform! "
Of course, it was impossible for them to give up the Rising Dragon Platform. Everyone present was a Sect Master of a Fourth Grade Sect, and the Rising Dragon Platform was something they must obtain. However, as soon as Ning Yudie spoke, Black Crow and Lady Poison Blood felt pressured.
They didn't dare treat Ning Yudie as a Divine Core warrior. They knew how powerful the Heart Sutra of Empyrean Fairy was, and once Ning Yudie recovered her cultivation, she would be stronger than both of them. Besides, there was an old monster guarding the Cloud Hall!
But, it was impossible for Ning Yudie to take the Rising Dragon Platform away with just a few words. They would have to wait and see how they would compromise.
Just as the people of the Cloud Hall arrived, a huge ship swooped down from the horizon. The ship's trajectory was strange, as if it was constantly teleporting, jumping from one dimension to another.
Ning Yudie pouted. "I knew those guys from the Void Spirit Sect would come and get involved!"
After the ship stopped, seven men flew down from it. These seven men were wearing green clothes, and their appearance, mannerisms, and expressions were exactly the same. They were the Void Spirit Sect's Seven Disciples!
"The Void Spirit Sect's old Sect Master didn't come, but the Void Spirit Sect sent the Seven Disciples instead." Black Crow sighed.
The Void Spirit Sect's Seven Disciples were twins, and they had telepathy with each other. Although Black Crow could deal with any one of them alone, when the seven of them formed a Void Spirit Formation, Black Crow was no match for them.
After the Void Spirit Sect's Seven Disciples came down from the ship, they bowed to Ning Yudie, Black Crow, and Madam Poison Blood. They were very polite! As the only fifth-grade sect in the Central Domain, the Void Spirit Sect was very humble and low-key.
The seven of them stood neatly on the side and didn't say anything. But the Void Spirit Sect's appearance was naturally for the Rising Dragon Platform! The Void Spirit Sect, which had the strongest strength, didn't need to say much.
"It's just a Rising Dragon Platform. Their noses are so sensitive …" Black Crow rubbed his masked nose and said gloomily.
"What do you mean it's just a Rising Dragon Platform? Then what are you doing here, Black Crow? You might as well quit! "Madam Poison Blood choked.
"Why should I quit? Why don't we fight first?" Black Crow said coldly.
Madam Poison Blood stared at Black Crow and said, "Black Crow, you want to start a sect war?"
There were many sects and countless countries in the Central Domain, but most of the sects were above those countries. If a sect war broke out, it was even more terrifying than a war between countries! People were often plunged into misery and suffering, and blood flowed like rivers!
The Central Domain had experienced chaotic times before, but with the emergence of several fourth-grade sects and the Void Spirit Sect, the situation in the Central Domain was becoming more and more stable.
Madam Poison Blood's words made Black Crow choke. In fact, the four major sects were also chasing after the Void Spirit Sect. Just like the rise of the Cloud Hall, with Ning Yudie completing the last layer of the "Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra", it was very likely that she would lead the Cloud Hall to become a fifth-grade sect!
Therefore, although these forces in the Central Domain looked very stable, they were actually in a delicate balance. Once this balance was broken, a sect war was inevitable.
Soon, even the people from the Mysterious Yin Mansion arrived …
In the end, it was Ning Yudie who smiled sweetly. "It seems that we have to sit down and have a good talk!"
Luo Zheng was completely unaware of the changes happening outside. At this moment, he was simply bursting with joy. In the Rising Dragon Arena, Luo Zheng fought on level after level, constantly absorbing the Light of Good Fortune and Evil Qi.
The Rising Dragon Arena had just appeared, and the Light of Good Fortune that had been accumulated for thousands of years gradually converged into Luo Zheng's dantian, filling it up and making Luo Zheng's cultivation soar. When he was on the fourth level of the Rising Dragon Arena, he had already stepped into the Xiantian ninth stage, only one step away from Xiantian Full Circle!
All along, Luo Zheng's foundation had been incomparably solid. It was precisely because his foundation was far more solid than that of ordinary cultivators that his cultivation speed could not keep up with that of other cultivators. However, once he erupted, his cultivation speed was many times faster than other cultivators!
Ever since he stepped onto the martial path, Luo Zheng had never been so satisfied and carefree.
However, as he climbed up the Rising Dragon Arena, the difficulty of each level also increased.
On the fourth level, Luo Zheng was still able to use Blooddrinker to deal with it. But on the fifth level, his opponent was an army of cavalry, densely packed with thousands of people.
Facing this army of cavalry, Luo Zheng's Blooddrinker alone was already difficult to deal with, so he had no choice but to use Yao Ye. Yao Ye brandished his giant sword as if it was made for slaughter. Every time he swung his sword, a large number of people would be cut in half or turned into meat patties.
At the same time, strands of Evil Qi and Light of Good Fortune rapidly gathered around Luo Zheng's body!
"Fifth level, pass!"
Without even thinking, Luo Zheng directly rushed to the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Arena.
When Luo Zheng reached the sixth level, he found that it was empty. The divine rune array on the sixth level had not been activated.
"Is this the top level?" Luo Zheng was somewhat unsatisfied. He was now at the Xiantian Full Circle realm, only a sliver away from stepping into the Illuminating Spirit realm!
"Hehe, we've finally reached the top." Qinglong, who had been silent all this time, finally opened his mouth.
Luo Zheng glanced around and saw a circular divine rune on the wall above the top level. He then asked, "You still haven't told me, what's the point of reaching the top level?"
That late stage Divine Core young master was still chasing after him. If there was no way out, one could imagine what would happen to him!
"Do as I say, get close to that circular divine rune!" Qinglong instructed.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked towards the wall, standing under the circular divine rune.