When the light enveloped him, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a series of footsteps behind him. It turned out that the late Divine Core young master had rushed up to the sixth floor!
However, under the illumination of the light, Luo Zheng felt as if every part of his body had turned into ashes, becoming small and independent particles. His figure was constantly fading, like a puff of smoke slowly dissipating.
"You!" The young master of the Xue family had been planning for a long time, but Luo Zheng had beaten him to it. He had been chasing after him bitterly, but he was always one step behind. Seeing Luo Zheng give him a bright smile, his figure slowly disappeared into the light.
Just before Luo Zheng disappeared, Qinglong directly sent out a wisp of his soul and quietly changed the pattern of the round divine rune!
The moment Luo Zheng disappeared, a white light suddenly appeared at the top of the Rising Dragon Arena and shot straight up into the sky. This light penetrated the thick clouds, pierced through the fierce astral winds, and passed through the dense spatial cracks before finally dissipating into the horizon!
"Eh! The young master of the Xue family has been teleported away! "Madam Poison Blood's eyes shone brightly as she looked at the Rising Dragon Arena with a fiery gaze.
According to legend, the Rising Dragon Arena was actually a transmission point built by the True Dragon Clan in hundreds of millions of worlds! Through this transmission point, one could directly enter the Upper Realm! It seemed that the rumor was true!
In the Upper Realm where Luo Zheng was, due to some special reasons, no one could ascend. Even after passing the Nine Void Lightning Tribulation, they still couldn't ascend! For tens of thousands of years, no one had been able to ascend!
However, no one knew the reason for this.
The reason why the Rising Dragon Arena was valued by the Fourth and Fifth Grade Sects was that it could help their disciples improve their cultivation! The Light of Creation of the True Dragon Clan was even more heaven-defying than those cultivation enhancing pills, and it didn't have any side effects!
Another reason was that the Rising Dragon Arena could be used as a path to the Upper Realm. Through the True Dragon World, one could step into the Upper Realm! Many top experts could pass the Nine Void Lightning Tribulation, but their cultivation couldn't make any further breakthroughs. Even if their lifespan was increased by thousands of years, they would eventually die of depression, turning into dust and drowning in the long river of history …
Lifespan was a threshold that humans could never cross. Only by ascending to the Upper Realm could one pursue a higher level of life. Almost all cultivators couldn't ignore this temptation.
Just now, Madam Poison Blood already knew that the Xue Family's Young Lord had entered the Rising Dragon Arena, so when she saw the white light shooting up into the sky, she thought it was the Xue Family's Young Lord who had been teleported away. Little did she know that the Xue Family's Young Lord was feeling depressed on the sixth floor!
"Strange, what's wrong of it?" The young master of the Xue Family had already placed the Dragon Jade Pendant beside the circular rune, but the rune simply could not be activated!
"That kid was clearly teleported away, and he didn't even have a dragon-shaped jade pendant! ........... Luo of Creation's face was full of depression. Naturally, he didn't know that the moment Luo Zheng left, Qinglong had quietly changed the divine pattern a little.
After pondering for a while, Luo of Creation pulled the dragon-shaped jade out of the slanted wall. The moment he pulled it out, the circular divine pattern bloomed with light again.
"It's done!" Luo of Creation's face lit up with joy. He hurriedly entered the light, and soon his figure became blurry. His whole person turned into a faint shadow and disappeared.
Ning Yudie and the others saw the light on the top of the Rising Dragon Arena light up again, and their faces showed a strange expression. Didn't one person just teleport away? Why was there another light now?
Only the three Core Formation warriors from the Xue family had joyful expressions on their faces. It looked like their young master had succeeded as well! The three of them clearly knew that the first light was from the strange young man who had entered the Rising Dragon Arena, not their young master. They were worried at first, but when they saw the light on the top of the arena, they felt relieved. Even if they couldn't get the Rising Dragon Arena, it was still a good thing for them to send their young master to the Upper Realm. As long as their young master broke through to the Void Tribulation realm, he might be able to bring the Xue family from the Third Grade to the Fourth Grade!
Suddenly, the light on the top of the Rising Dragon Arena flickered, and a man was shot out from the light. The man was in a sorry state, and after tumbling in the air for a while, he finally stabilized himself and looked around. "Where am I?!"
"Young, young master …" A Divine Core warrior from the Xue family shouted out.
Only now did the young master realize that his teleportation had failed. After putting in so much effort, he finally realized that he had been tricked by that young man. The young master couldn't suppress the anger in his heart, and he cursed out loudly, "It didn't work! What is going on?! "
"Young master, they …" The Divine Core warrior reminded the young master of the Xue family.
The young master raised his head and looked around. His expression immediately changed. There were a few Void Tribulation warriors floating above his head …
Black Crow lowered his head and asked the young master, "Young man, who was the one who was teleported away just now?"
For Xiantian lifeforms and Divine Reflection warriors, the young master of the Xue family was a god-like existence. However, in front of these mighty warriors from the Central Domain, he was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. There was no way he could fight back.
Therefore, the young master answered honestly, "The one who was teleported away was a Xiantian young man! I don't know him, but he got there before me! " After saying that, the young master's face was filled with grief and indignation. He couldn't figure out what that young man had done to him, and why he was able to teleport away, but he couldn't.
"A Xiantian lifeform?" Ning Yudie furrowed her brows. This Xiantian lifeform was really courageous. Even Void Tribulation warriors like them had to be well prepared before they could teleport away. She never expected that a Xiantian lifeform would be teleported away today.
Ning Yudie didn't know what Luo Zheng was up to, so it was impossible for her to guess that it was Luo Zheng. After all, there were so many warriors in the world. There were tens of millions of warriors in the world, and the number of Xiantian lifeforms was even greater. It was hard for her to imagine such a coincidence.
Although it was strange, all the Sect Lords were still concerned about the ownership of the Rising Dragon Arena.
Madame Poison Blood said, "We have to sit down and discuss this matter. But, before that, shouldn't we kill that Winged Dragon first?"
"Roar …" The Winged Dragon was intelligent. As the guardian beast of the Rising Dragon Arena, it immediately had a bad premonition. Facing these mighty warriors, it would be difficult for it to escape even if it wanted to …
Luo Zheng felt that he was in the void. Every cell in his body had turned into the tiniest particles and was running at extreme speed.
In this void, Luo Zheng even forgot the time, let alone where he was.
After a long time, Luo Zheng felt that his body was like a jigsaw puzzle that was pieced together bit by bit. Finally, his body shook violently and he arrived at his destination.
"What … is this place?"
As far as Luo Zheng's eyes could see, there was a blue city, and behind Luo Zheng was a row of transmission arrays! He turned his head and saw a row of transmission arrays, which stretched all the way to the end of his line of sight. He estimated that there were at least a hundred thousand transmission arrays!
"How can there be so many transmission arrays?!" Seeing so many transmission arrays, Luo Zheng was shocked.
In Luo Zheng's Vast Thousand Realms, building a transmission array required a lot of top-grade True Origin Stones, but there were over a hundred thousand transmission arrays here. Wasn't this number too exaggerated?
To his surprise, Qinglong said disapprovingly, "Heh, one transmission array corresponds to one Rising Dragon Arena. You may think that a hundred thousand transmission arrays are too many, but in fact, this is only a part of our True Dragon Clan. This city was specially built for the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan! It's only a part of your Human Clan … "
The True Dragon Clan did not only consist of the Dragon Clan. The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan also belonged to the True Dragon Clan. The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan contained the True Dragon Blood Essence in their bodies and could cultivate the strongest cultivation techniques of the Dragon Clan. There were even powerhouses among the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan who were comparable to the True Dragons!
The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan existed in many Lower Realms, which was why the Dragon Clan had built so many Rising Dragon Arenas to serve as a passage for the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan from the Lower Realms to ascend to the Upper Realms!
This was also why the top powerhouses of the Central Domain hoped to use the Rising Dragon Arena to ascend to the Upper Realms. After all, the Rising Dragon Arena was a shortcut built by the True Dragon Clan.