The strength of these guards, Luo Zheng actually could not see through their depths!
After surrounding Luo Zheng, the leader of the guards sat on the back of the half-human, half-bird monster and coldly glanced at Luo Zheng. "He's not from our tribe, and he knows how to use the Rising Dragon Platform. Capture him, lock him up for one thousand years, then release him!"
After the leader finished speaking, a few guards behind him immediately took out a small green ball. These small balls unleashed green threads that wrapped around Luo Zheng's head, tightly binding Luo Zheng.
After that, the group of guards dragged Luo Zheng and started running towards the green city.
From beginning to end, they didn't give Luo Zheng a chance to explain himself.
Locking him up for one thousand years, this was too much of a joke. Luo Zheng had a bitter smile on his face. "Qinglong, it seems like the people of the True Dragon clan aren't very friendly!"
"Hehe, you don't have the blood essence of the True Dragon clan in your body, so you're not considered a member of the True Dragon clan in the Lower Realm. Using the Rising Dragon Platform without permission, of course you'll be punished. Normally, you'll be locked up for one thousand years, then you'll be expelled." Qinglong said with a smile, "I was the one who set this rule!"
The True Dragon clan was a huge clan. There were True Dragons among them, but there were also other clans that possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon clan. For example, the Dragon Bloodline, which contained the blood essence of the True Dragon clan, was considered a powerful clan.
Many of these clans were from the Lower Realm. Therefore, the True Dragon clan had built countless Rising Dragon Platforms and spread them all over the Lower Realm. These Rising Dragon Platforms were used by the True Dragon clan to allow them to ascend to the Lower Realm. If any other clans wanted to use the Rising Dragon Platforms to ascend to the Lower Realm, they would have to pay the price of being locked up for one thousand years.
The funny thing was, the Divine Core young master from the Xue family wanted to use the Rising Dragon Platform, but little did he know that Qinglong had actually saved his life by changing the Divine Runes on the Rising Dragon Platform. Even a Divine Core warrior could only live for 700 to 800 years.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was even more speechless. He only had a dozen years of lifespan, and with his current cultivation, he could only live for two or three hundred years at most. After a thousand years, he might not even have a corpse left.
"Don't worry, the True Dragon Clan is my home. Although I can't directly show my face due to certain reasons, how could I let you suffer here?" Qinglong said indifferently.
Qinglong's words made Luo Zheng feel slightly relieved.
With the help of the guards, Luo Zheng quickly approached the city. The city was so huge that Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine. Just the city wall was as tall as a mountain!
Huge patterns were drawn on the city wall, each of which was several miles long. These patterns interweaved together to form a complex pattern.
"These are … Divine Runes! Such a huge Divine Rune? You didn't draw it, did you? "Luo Zheng looked at the lines on the city wall and asked.
Qinglong said with disdain, "Heh, this is just a remote city built by the human race of the Dragon Bloodline to receive our clansmen from the lower realm. What qualifications does it have to make me do it?! Let alone this city, even the main city of the human race of the Dragon Bloodline doesn't have this qualification! "
When it came to true strength, perhaps Qinglong wasn't one of the strongest in the True Dragon Clan. But, when it came to Divine Runes, Qinglong's pride was obvious. The Great Thousand Treasure Formation he had drawn was the core of the True Dragon Clan! In the entire True Dragon Realm, there were countless cities like this, so how could he possibly be asked to do it?
Not long after that, the guards brought Luo Zheng into the city gate.
While walking through the streets of the city, Luo Zheng carefully examined every single person in the city. Most of them, Luo Zheng couldn't sense their cultivation bases. Only a few of them he could tell were at the Divine Reflection realm, or even the Divine Core realm. Obviously, these humans from the Dragon Bloodline were using some sort of secret technique to conceal their cultivation bases. But, Luo Zheng also knew that these people's cultivation bases were terrifyingly high.
After walking through the city for some time, Luo Zheng finally arrived in front of a grey building. After entering the building, Luo Zheng saw a gloomy black iron fence surrounding the building. Only then did he realize that this was a prison.
After that, Luo Zheng was shoved into the outer fence, and the iron gate was shut with a loud bang.
Many people were locked up in this fence, and they were scattered around the prison. Some were sitting, some were lying down, and some were cultivating with their legs crossed.
Luo Zheng casually glanced around. It seemed like there were all sorts of cultivators here. Divine Reflection realm, Divine Core realm, and even Void Tribulation realm warriors were locked up in here. These warriors weren't from the Central Domain, they must be from the millions of Lower Realms. Perhaps, they were the overlords of their own worlds.
"These people must be the same as me, they are all stowaways who came through the Rising Dragon Arena. Why are such strong warriors locked up here for a thousand years?!" Luo Zheng shook his head. It looked like without the blood essence of a True Dragon, trying to sneak through the Rising Dragon Arena would be a bad idea.
In the Lower Realm, Void Tribulation realm warriors were super mighty warriors who ruled over an entire area. But, after they ascended to this place, they could only be locked up like an obedient cat for a thousand years. This rule set by Qinglong was really …
"What should we do now? Bring me back to your hometown, can you at least think of a way? "Luo Zheng asked.
With a faint smile on his face, Qinglong said with a strategist's tone, "Take out a piece of paper and some prepared ink!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head. Following Qinglong's request, he took out the prepared ink and laid out a talisman paper used to draw Divine Runes in front of him. After that, he raised the rune pen in his hand. Qinglong released a thread of his soul and sent it into Luo Zheng's rune pen. After that, Luo Zheng started drawing on the paper.
When those stowaways from the Lower Realm saw what Luo Zheng was doing, they all had strange expressions on their faces. One of them even said with a smile, "So you're a Rune Master. I wonder, with your strength, why did you sneak in here?"
Luo Zheng was just one step away from the Divine Reflection realm, and with his peak Xiantian realm cultivation base, he was perhaps the weakest among all stowaways.
Luo Zheng didn't bother to answer that warrior, he just continued drawing the Divine Runes.
"I'm talking to you! Do you hear me?! " That warrior was a Divine Core warrior, and he was a tyrant in the Lower Realm. When he saw a mere Xiantian realm warrior like Luo Zheng ignoring him, how could he not be angry?
"Shut up! If you make any more noise, I'll kill you! "Right at this moment, a few guards walked out from the fence with spears in their hands and shouted at the stowaways.
The warrior's expression changed. He lowered his head and obediently squatted down beside the fence. When he encountered those guards who had sneaked into the Lower Realm from the Rising Dragon Arena, of course, these warriors wouldn't just give up. However, even a False Tribulation warrior wouldn't have a chance to fight back, let alone this warrior who was a Divine Core warrior.
When some people saw the Divine Runes drawn by Luo Zheng, they started discussing among themselves. "This guy is so young, but he knows how to use perfect brush strokes …"
No matter which world you were in, a Rune Master who could use perfect brush strokes was extremely rare.
However, this Divine Rune wasn't drawn by Luo Zheng, it was drawn by Qinglong. After drawing the Divine Rune, the Rune Brush left behind a line of strange characters on the edge of the Divine Rune. Luo Zheng couldn't understand any of these characters, but he guessed they were the characters of the True Dragon. After he finished writing, he even drew a small Dragon Mark behind the characters.
"It's done. Hand this Divine Inscription over and say that it's for the City Lord of this city!" Azure Dragon instructed.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. After he collected everything on the ground, he walked up to the fence and lightly knocked on it.
"What's the matter?" A few patrolling guards walked over and asked Luo Zheng with a cold expression.
"I want to give this to your City Lord." Luo Zheng handed the Divine Rune over to the guards.
"City Lord?" The few guards looked at each other, and a surprised expression emerged on their faces. After that, they burst out into laughter. "City Lord? Do you know who our City Lord is? "
"These warriors from the Mortal World are like this. They have just climbed up and often don't know the immensity of heaven and earth!"
"That's why we have to lock them up for a thousand years and let them understand what this place is!"
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He just waved the Divine Rune in his hand and said, "Take a look at this first, and then decide whether to give it to the City Lord or not, okay?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the few guards glanced at the Divine Rune in Luo Zheng's hand. When one of the guards saw the Dragon Mark at the corner of the Divine Rune, his expression changed greatly. He grabbed Luo Zheng's Divine Rune and asked in a trembling voice, "Where did you get this Divine Rune?"
＝＝＝＝＝