Luo Zheng was speechless when he saw the guard's agitated expression.
Qinglong said in Luo Zheng's mind, "Tell him that this divine rune was given to you by a Taoist named 'Qing Xuan' when you were in the Mortal World. He gave you an opportunity."
Luo Zheng nodded and repeated Qinglong's words.
The guards became serious at the same time. One of them nodded to Luo Zheng, opened the iron fence, and let Luo Zheng out.
When the stowaways from the Mortal World saw that Luo Zheng was let go, they looked at each other in dismay, their faces full of astonishment.
What was wrong with this Xiantian life form? How could he let him go just because he wrote something on the ground?
"You stay here. I'll report this to the City Lord!" The guard with the divine rune hurried out, and the other guards also asked Luo Zheng to wait on the side.
"Qinglong, what message did you leave on the divine rune?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong smiled, "I didn't leave any message. I just left a wisp of my soul's breath on it. The guard can't tell, but he can understand the dragon mark I left on it."
"I see," Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
The Real Dragon then told Luo Zheng, "This city isn't the main city of the Real Dragon Realm, but it's a city for the Dragon Bloodline's Human Clan to receive the ascenders from the Mortal World. It was originally a place for the elites of the Dragon Bloodline to cultivate.
Even the Dragon Bloodline's ascenders from the Mortal World had to undergo trials in this city before they could step into the Real Dragon Realm. This made it easier for the Real Dragon Clan to select their own geniuses. Qinglong didn't ask for much in the divine rune. He just asked the City Lord to give Luo Zheng a chance to train him.
Luo Zheng nodded. As a warrior, if he wanted to set foot on the peak of martial arts, he had to rely on his own efforts to fight for everything. Qinglong certainly wanted to help him, but he would never take on everything. If he became dependent on Qinglong, it would be harming himself!
It was more than enough that Qinglong had spared him from a thousand years of imprisonment. After all, this was a place of cultivation in the Upper Realm. He was sure that he would benefit a lot from it.
"Since you've returned to the Zhenlong Realm, why don't you show your true face?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
That mysterious furnace, the black flame in it, and the nine dragons including Qinglong were a huge mystery for Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was able to reach where he was today because of this mystery. Therefore, Luo Zheng asked.
Upon hearing this question, the Azure Dragon fell silent for a moment before letting out a faint sigh. There was a trace of helplessness in its aged voice. "So what if he's back? Some things that can't be changed still can't be changed … "
For some reason, Luo Zheng felt a little sad when he heard Qinglong's tone. Although Qinglong lived in the depths of Luo Zheng's mind, he had always been looking down on him from an infinitely high position! To it, nothing in the Lower Realm was enough to surprise it!
Now, it seemed that even in the Zhenlong Realm, his status was unimaginably high.
However, the sigh just now gave Luo Zheng a very familiar feeling. It was like the deep sigh he had made when he was humiliated by the Luo family. Qinglong must have had an indescribable past.
Luo Zheng didn't get to the bottom of it. With his current strength, even in the Lower Realm, he was nothing more than a speck of dust in a city on the edge of the Zhenlong Realm. He couldn't be of any help to Qinglong.
However, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng didn't have the determination!
After waiting for a while, the guard finally hurried over. His expression had returned to normal. He nodded slightly at Luo Zheng and threw a nameplate to Luo Zheng, saying, "The City Master already knows. You can receive training with the other ascenders of the Dragon Bloodline. Come with me."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He had no doubt that as long as Qinglong said a word, the City Master would come to receive him in person.
After taking the nameplate, Luo Zheng followed the guard out of the prison, leaving behind the envious gazes of the other ascenders …
Under the guard's lead, they passed through half of the city. The biggest impression Luo Zheng had of this city was that it was huge! Even with the guard's help, it took him a long time to arrive at another square in the city on the half-human, half-bird monster.
The buildings of the Human Bloodline Dragon Clan were huge, but not exquisite. Everything was very rough. Stepping into the square, two old men walked towards Luo Zheng. There was no doubt that Luo Zheng couldn't see the cultivation of these two old men. Either they used a secret skill to hide their cultivation, or their cultivation was so high that Luo Zheng couldn't see it at all.
"Well, this person is not a member of the Dragon Bloodline. He's just an ordinary human. Why was he sent here?" one of the old men asked, puzzled.
"No, he seems to have a trace of the flood dragon's power in him. He seems to have swallowed the flood dragon's blood, but he can't be considered a member of the Dragon Bloodline," the other old man said, shaking his head.
The guard who sent Luo Zheng here said, "The City Master has given him a nameplate, saying that he is specially allowed to participate in the training."
"The City Master's order?" The old man's face showed surprise. He looked at Luo Zheng, wondering what relationship Luo Zheng had with the City Master. He couldn't understand. How could a foreign ascender with the strength of a Xiantian be related to the City Master?
However, the City Master didn't come in person. Presumably, the relationship between this boy and the City Master was just ordinary. It was just that he had to waste a drop of the true dragon's blood.
"In that case, come with me. After you receive the true dragon's blood, I'll take you to the training," the old man nodded.
"Receive the true dragon's blood?" Luo Zheng was stunned. He didn't expect to receive the true dragon's blood just by participating in the training.
"All the ascenders of the Dragon Bloodline can receive a drop of the true dragon's blood after they ascend to enhance the concentration of the blood in their body. Although you are an outsider, since the City Master has specially approved, this drop of true dragon's blood can be received according to convention," the old man said, nodding.
The Dragon Bloodline was a human who had inherited the true dragon's blood. The concentration of the blood in the Dragon Bloodline from the lower realm was different. Some people's blood concentration was very low, while some people's blood concentration was very high. For example, the concentration of Qing Luan blood in Mo Yuxin's body could only be regarded as medium. However, no matter how high the concentration was, they would all be given a drop of true dragon's blood.
"Give me the nameplate. I want to use this nameplate to receive the true dragon's blood," the old man said, stretching out his hand.
Luo Zheng handed over the nameplate and said to Qinglong, "Your Dragon Bloodline is really generous. You can give away a drop of true dragon's blood so casually …"
"Hey, in our Dragon Bloodline, an adult true dragon is thousands of miles long, or even tens of thousands of miles long. The blood in its body can drown the entire Central Domain. What's one or two drops of true dragon's blood?" Qinglong laughed at Luo Zheng's ignorance.
Luo Zheng clicked his tongue. This super mythological beast was really beyond his imagination!
"Come with me!" The old man said and led Luo Zheng through the square. The old man entered the purple hall and asked Luo Zheng to wait outside.
After a while, the old man came out of the purple hall and threw the nameplate and a small jade bottle to Luo Zheng. "Find a place to absorb this drop of true dragon's blood. Then you can participate in the training. There is a secret room for training over there. Come find me after you've absorbed it."
Holding the small jade bottle, Luo Zheng felt as if there was a living creature inside that wanted to escape.
According to the old man's directions, Luo Zheng randomly found a secret room for training. After closing the door, he sat down cross-legged on a praying mat and carefully opened the small bottle.
"Beep!"
An oval-shaped drop of blood jumped out of the small bottle and floated in front of Luo Zheng.
It was only a drop of true dragon's blood, but Luo Zheng felt an indescribable power hidden inside!
"If you keep watching, you might as well let me swallow it," Qinglong suddenly said with a mischievous smile.
Luo Zheng naturally refused. He curled his lips and said, "There's only one drop. Just watch this time!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng stretched out two fingers. A wisp of zhenqi rolled out, wrapped the drop of blood, and sent it into his mouth.
This drop of true dragon's blood was even more exaggerated than the flood dragon's blood. The flood dragon's blood that he had soaked in on the Trial Challengers' Road was very rich. Even if it was sputtered outside, it would automatically fuse into one. However, this drop of true dragon's blood seemed to have a mind of its own. At this moment, it actually wanted to break free from the shackles of Luo Zheng's zhenqi.
The power of a drop of true dragon's blood was still too weak. In the end, it could not escape the fate of being swallowed by Luo Zheng.