The blood of a Super God Beast was incomparably tyrannical. Just a single drop of Luo Zheng's blood was enough to cause Luo Zheng's body to flush red.
After some time, the flush slowly faded from Luo Zheng's body.
"Huu …" Luo Zheng let out a long sigh of relief. A warm feeling spread through his body, as if every hair on his body had stretched out.
After swallowing a drop of True Dragon blood, in a sense, Luo Zheng could also be considered a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, but he was a special case.
After leaving the practice chamber, Luo Zheng found the old man again. This time, the old man sized up Luo Zheng and smiled, "You're much more pleasing to the eye. No matter what, you're also considered a member of my Dragon Bloodline Clan. Come with me!"
Then, under the guidance of the old man, Luo Zheng walked through the building and saw numerous obelisks erected in the distance. Beneath these obelisks, countless cultivators were sitting, facing the obelisks as if they were trying to comprehend something.
Even though they were far away, Luo Zheng could feel a mysterious aura emanating from these obelisks.
"These obelisks …" Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth to speak when the old man interrupted him.
The old man knew what Luo Zheng wanted to ask and immediately said, "These are soul obelisks. Recorded on them are the source of all kinds of Laws. By visualizing these obelisks, you can comprehend these Laws."
Seeing these massive obelisks, Luo Zheng couldn't help sucking in a breath of cold air.
When he was on the Road of Smelting Trial, he had obtained a palm-sized stone inscription, and it had been incomplete at that time. But here, there were actually so many obelisks! Each obelisk was many times larger than the stone inscription, and they were all complete!
"These soul obelisks require you to place your soul within them in order to comprehend them. When you visualize them, remember not to be greedy. Otherwise, if you injure your soul, the gains won't make up for the losses," the old man warned.
Luo Zheng nodded, and walked past these obelisks one by one. Each of these huge obelisks was hundreds of feet tall, and emitted a mysterious and grey aura.
Some of the obelisks emitted a scorching aura. These obelisks should have been engraved with the Law of Fire. On the other hand, some of the obelisks emanated streams of icy energy. These obelisks most likely recorded the Laws of Ice!
These obelisks recorded the power of various origin laws!
The Origin Source Law was the purest Intent Realm, just like Luo Zheng's Sword Intent. It was actually an Intent Realm that extended from the Gold Elemental Law. As for the Extreme Thunder Sword Intent that Hua Tianming had comprehended, it was the fusion of sword intent and the Law of Thunder.
There was no difference between concepts and Origin Source Laws. However, once one grasped Origin Source Laws, it would be much easier to grasp other concepts. This was because the various concepts were only derived from Origin Source Laws.
In the end, Luo Zheng stopped in front of a green obelisk. He felt a sense of familiarity from this obelisk.
"This obelisk contains the power of space." Luo Zheng's heart stirred slightly.
The first time Luo Zheng had passed through the space storm, he had comprehended a trace of the Law of Space. After that, he had comprehended the Law of Space through the broken space fragments and the space stone inscriptions. However, the Law of Space he had obtained was not systematic. If he could comprehend the Law of Space from the obelisks, it would definitely benefit him greatly.
Thus, like the other martial artists, Luo Zheng sat on the ground and closed his eyes.
The old man from the Humanoid Dragon Clan glanced at Luo Zheng in surprise. "Interesting, this boy chose the obelisk that recorded the Law of Space. Time is king, space is venerated … these two Laws are the most powerful of the Origin Source Laws, but they are also more difficult to comprehend. He's quite bold."
"Soul Visualization is to use the soul to touch this obelisk." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stretched out a wisp of his soul. His soul turned into a tentacle that slowly approached the obelisk. The moment his soul touched the obelisk, a suction force suddenly came from the obelisk and pulled Luo Zheng's soul in!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng was shocked. He was now attached to the obelisk as a pure soul!
He raised his head and looked at the top of the obelisk. The souls of the other martial practitioners were constantly climbing up the obelisk. Some of the martial practitioners' souls had already climbed to the middle of the obelisk.
"Climbing? It shouldn't be difficult. "Luo Zheng didn't think too much and began to climb up.
Soul bodies didn't have any weight, so climbing up wasn't difficult. But just as Luo Zheng took a step forward, the mysterious space lines on the obelisk extended a repulsive force that wanted to push Luo Zheng away.
"This repulsive force should be the power of the Law of Space! With my current comprehension of the Law of Space, it's not enough to push me away! "Luo Zheng's soul forcefully attached itself to the obelisk and slowly moved upwards.
After moving about ten feet, he suddenly felt the repulsive force in the air become even stronger. Under this repulsive force, if he wasn't careful, he would be pushed away by it.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows furrowed slightly, and the speed at which he climbed slowed down greatly. "It's very difficult to climb this obelisk!"
At this moment, a soul above Luo Zheng was repelled by the obelisk. The moment that soul was repelled, a martial artist sitting on the ground trembled violently. The martial artist who had been maintaining a sitting posture suddenly fell forward to the ground. When he got up again, there was a faint trace of blood at the corners of his mouth, and his expression was dispirited. It seemed that his soul had been seriously injured.
"This martial artist should have been barely able to climb up. That's why he was injured." Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart trembled.
However, giving up was never Luo Zheng's character. How could Luo Zheng give up on an opportunity that millions of martial artists in the Central Domain yearned for?
How could he overcome this repulsive force? If this repulsive force was so strong, he could foresee that he would definitely fall down!
At this time, Luo Zheng looked at the lines on the obelisk. Looking at the messy lines that seemed to be arranged according to a certain pattern, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. This obelisk was originally meant for comprehension. If one couldn't comprehend the lines on the obelisk, it would be impossible to climb up.
This time, Luo Zheng observed again and saw that some martial artists' souls were attached to the middle of the obelisk, motionless. It seemed that they were comprehending the Law of Space.
"So that's how it is," Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He wasn't in a hurry to climb up, but instead calmly observed the obelisk. Soon, Luo Zheng's entire being was immersed in these dense lines.
When Luo Zheng began to comprehend, all distracting thoughts were removed from his mind. It was as if the only thing left in this world was his soul and these complex lines!
At this time, even Qinglong, who was in Luo Zheng's mind, faintly widened his eyes and sighed, "This boy … his perception is really extraordinary."
Even with Qinglong's experience, it was rare for him to sigh, but when he saw Luo Zheng's perception, he couldn't help but praise him.
Facing these mysterious lines, his comprehension of the Law of Space flooded into Luo Zheng's mind like a tide.
One incense stick of time, two incense sticks of time, three incense sticks of time …
Luo Zheng's soul lay motionless on the obelisk, comprehending the Law of Space on the obelisk.
Two hours later, Luo Zheng felt that the repulsive force on the obelisk seemed to have weakened!
"Just as I expected, as long as one has a deep understanding of the Law of Space, he will be able to climb higher. I can't climb this obelisk by force, otherwise, I will be bounced off by the repulsive force!"
When Luo Zheng had almost finished comprehending the Law of Space, the repulsive force on the obelisk had basically disappeared.
"Let's go!"
Feeling much more relaxed, Luo Zheng continued climbing! This time, his climbing speed was much faster than before, and he managed to climb up a few meters.
One after another, the souls of the martial artists were being surpassed by Luo Zheng.
One of the martial artists was a Divine Core warrior, and with his comprehension of the Law of Space, he was able to forcefully resist the repulsive force. When he saw Luo Zheng surpassing him at such a fast speed, he was shocked, as if he had just seen something he couldn't understand. With a blank expression, he said, "Is this guy crazy?"