"Huh?"
The old man who led Luo Zheng here also revealed a look of disbelief.
His duty was to select talented ascenders from the lower realms who were very sensitive to the Power of Law.
After all, in the lower realms, it was impossible to have such a complete cultivation of the Power of Law, and these obelisks recorded the complete Power of Law! Just like the first level of the Law of Fire was recorded on the obelisk of the Law of Fire, Luo Zheng's obelisk recorded the first level of the Law of Space!
This boy had climbed one-third of the way up in such a short time, which showed that he had already comprehended a small part of the first level of the Law of Space.
How could he be so fast? The old man was also speechless.
Some cultivators had meditated here for a long time, and some Dragon Bloodline Human Clan cultivators from the lower realms had even stayed here for half a year, a year, or even longer, all because the opportunity to comprehend the obelisks was something that could only be encountered by chance!
With the obelisks, the speed at which one comprehended the Power of Law was indeed much faster, but after all, this was the Power of Law of Space. The old man had never seen anyone climb so fast.
"There is only one explanation. This boy has already comprehended the Power of Law of Space, and he has already reached the Minor Accomplishment stage, so he can climb up so quickly." The old man felt that he had found a convincing reason. "After he stops, he should be unable to climb up anymore."
If this boy had a great opportunity in the lower realms and had already comprehended a lot of the Power of Law of Space, it would be reasonable for him to be able to climb up so quickly. This was the only explanation that could explain why Luo Zheng was so fast.
What the old man did not know was that Luo Zheng had indeed comprehended a trace of the Power of Law of Space, but it was completely by chance and was not complete or coherent.
When Luo Zheng climbed about ten feet, the repulsive force of space became stronger again. Not only was it strong, but Luo Zheng could even feel a trace of sharpness!
"The Power of Space in the middle section of the obelisk is even stronger. I can't go any higher!"
Luo Zheng stopped climbing and continued to comprehend the Power of Law on the obelisk. At this time, Luo Zheng had already surpassed most of the cultivators on the obelisk, and there were only a few people above him.
At this time, the old man's eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng. He wanted to prove his conjecture.
At this moment, a few more people walked over from the old man's side. It was a middle-aged man who led a few young warriors over.
When the middle-aged man saw the old man, he put on a fake smile and said, "Elder Wei, how many elite disciples have you accepted this time?"
Elder Wei immediately frowned and replied coldly, "Not a single one. I presume that you have one this time?"
The middle-aged man chuckled and waved at the young men behind him. "They are disciples of the Dragon Bloodline's large sects in the Lower Realm. They have just ascended. The four of them should be able to be ranked as elites. Hehe!"
Among the four youths, two were men and two were women. Their cultivation bases were all at the Divine Reflection level. When the middle-aged man said this, the four of them revealed a strong sense of confidence.
Elder Wei sized up the two men and two women. These four people should be the major forces of the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan in the Lower Realm. Whether it was their cultivation or their foundation, they were very solid. Even the density of their bloodline was very strong.
Elder Wei put on a fake smile and said, "Congratulations, Zhao Zheng! I hope that they can all become 'elites'! "
Elder Wei almost gritted his teeth when he said the last two words.
The identities of Elder Wei and the others were Guides of the Dragon Bloodline's human race. The Guides were also divided into factions, and there were also competitions and missions. Zhao Zheng had received a few martial artists with decent talent and flaunted his prowess in front of Elder Wei. Elder Wei was naturally displeased.
However, these young warriors did not look at Elder Wei's expression at all. One of the younger warriors even cupped his hands and smiled at Elder Wei. "Elder, I'll be counting on your auspicious words!"
"Hmph." Elder Wei's face was gloomy. He could not be bothered to pay attention to these juniors. His gaze once again moved to Luo Zheng. He still wanted to see what was going on with Luo Zheng.
The moment Elder Wei shifted his gaze, he could not help but exclaim, "Ah! Why is this kid going up again!"
Just now, he clearly saw that Luo Zheng was stopped by the repulsion of space and could not climb up the obelisk. Who knew that after a few words between him and Zhao Zheng, Luo Zheng would actually start to climb up rapidly again?
Twenty feet …
Fifty feet …
Ten feet …
Luo Zheng had already climbed to the top half of the obelisk. On this Space Law obelisk, Luo Zheng's soul had climbed the highest!
"How can his comprehension of Laws be so fast!?" Elder Wei's face was filled with disbelief.
Although the Laws recorded on these obelisks were only the first level, the Power of Laws had always been difficult to comprehend, not to mention that this obelisk recorded the Laws of Space …
If this kid really relied on his own comprehension to climb up, he would certainly be qualified to be called an elite!
That's right! This kid should also be a martial artist that he had received!
Elder Wei slapped his head. He had almost forgotten about this. Because Luo Zheng did not have the bloodline of a True Dragon in his body, this was an indicator specially approved by the City Lord. Elder Wei had even complained about wasting a drop of True Dragon's blood, but Luo Zheng was indeed a martial artist that Elder Wei had received. It was just that he had completely ignored Luo Zheng before.
Zhao Zheng saw Elder Wei's startled expression and also looked at the obelisk not far away. He noticed that Luo Zheng's soul had already climbed to the top of the obelisk and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly, revealing a mocking expression. He then said to the several young martial artists behind him, "You should also go and comprehend the Laws on the obelisk. I have already explained everything that needs to be explained. You can climb up and comprehend it yourselves."
"Understood, Elder Zhao," one of the martial artists said with a smile, "I also choose the Space Law obelisk!"
Zhao Zheng chuckled and waved his hand, "Shuyuekuang, you go! With your talent, it will only take a blink of an eye for you to surpass that kid at the top! "
The martial artist called Shuyuekuang nodded and walked to the bottom of the obelisk and sat down cross-legged. His soul quickly attached itself to the obelisk. As soon as Shuyuekuang's soul attached itself to the obelisk, it rapidly climbed to the top of the obelisk! Shuyuekuang didn't stop at all and surpassed the martial artists below him one by one.
"Haha, this Shuyuekuang comprehended most of the first layer of the Space Law in the lower realm. This obelisk is really too easy for him," Zhao Zheng said with a smile.
Seeing Shuyuekuang rapidly approaching Luo Zheng and even surpassing Luo Zheng, Elder Wei's face sank again.
Shuyuekuang almost didn't encounter the slightest resistance as he continued climbing, as if the spatial repulsion of the obelisk didn't exist to him at all!
At this time, Luo Zheng was still staring intently at the veined patterns on the obelisk, comprehending the Laws within. He didn't react at all to Shuyuekuang who was rapidly approaching him.
Soon, Shuyuekuang arrived at Luo Zheng's side. He glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently with a provocative look in his eyes.
Luo Zheng just looked back in surprise. He didn't expect to be involved in the competition between Elder Wei and Zhao Zheng. He was still comprehending the Space Law without blinking.
Shuyue Kuang continued to climb until he reached the top of Luo Zheng's head. Only when he was a full body's height above Luo Zheng did he stop. At the same time, he said to Luo Zheng, "Hehe, kid, can you not be like a turtle, lying there without moving?"
Where did this idiot come from? Luo Zheng frowned, but he ignored Shuyuekuang and continued to concentrate on comprehending the Laws.
Who would have thought that after Shuyuekuang climbed up, he would climb back down. He moved closer to Luo Zheng and said, "I'm talking to you. Didn't you hear me?"
Shuyuekuang was also the focus of a large force in the mortal world. He was used to being arrogant since he was a child. Seeing Luo Zheng completely ignore him, he was annoyed.
"Can you not climb up and down like a monkey?" Luo Zheng finally couldn't help but say with a dark face.
"If you want to climb up and down, you need to have the ability to do so! If you have the ability, you can surpass me! "Shuyuekuang sneered.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything else. He was still concentrating on staring at the obelisk. He really couldn't be bothered with this kind of boring provocation. Besides, he was climbing the obelisk to comprehend the Laws of Space, not to compete with others.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was ignoring him, Shuyuekuang also felt a little bored. He continued climbing.
However, after climbing two feet, he stopped. He had comprehended more than half of the first layer of the Space Law. If he continued climbing, he would need to comprehend more. Otherwise, he would be repelled by the repulsive force of the space on the obelisk.
Of course, Shuyuekuang was very confident in himself. He believed that it wouldn't take him long to completely comprehend the first layer of the Space Law.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and then he started to climb up.
＝＝＝＝＝