Originally, Shuyue Kuang had planned to stop and comprehend the Laws on the obelisk before climbing up. However, the spatial repulsion he felt was getting stronger and stronger. If he forced himself to climb up, he might be repelled by the spatial repulsion.
But when he saw Luo Zheng begin to climb up, Shuyue Kuang couldn't help himself. He was naturally arrogant. How could this brat who came out of nowhere be able to climb higher than him?
As a result, when Luo Zheng moved, Shuyue Kuang followed suit.
At this moment, they were still eighty to ninety feet away from the top of the obelisk. Their climbing speed wasn't slow at all.
Luo Zheng climbed up with ease. After comprehending the Laws of Space on the upper section of the obelisk, the spatial repulsion was like a soft force to Luo Zheng. It didn't affect him in the slightest.
In contrast, Shuyue Kuang was in a miserable state. If neither of them had climbed up the obelisk, his comprehension of the Laws of Space was far superior to Luo Zheng's. But now, climbing to the top of the obelisk was his limit. Logically speaking, he should stop and comprehend the Laws.
But losing to this brat was something he couldn't accept. Thus, Shuyue Kuang could only grit his teeth and continue climbing, forcibly blocking the spatial repulsion! As he climbed higher and higher, the spatial repulsion grew stronger and stronger. Shuyue Kuang found it increasingly difficult to climb!
On the obelisk, Shuyue Kuang's body had already swelled to the color of a pig's liver. He was still in a meditative state, constantly trembling. In contrast, Luo Zheng was still motionless. He sat cross-legged, his breathing calm.
Finally, the two of them reached the top of the obelisk at almost the same time. At this moment, they were only ten feet away from the top.
However, the two of them were unable to advance any further. This was because their souls had sensed an invisible barrier appearing above them. It was a spatial barrier …
"It seems we'll have to stop again." Luo Zheng blinked. He estimated that he would need to comprehend another section of the Laws of Space before he could pass through this spatial barrier. For Luo Zheng, he had comprehended quite a bit of the Laws of Space. Even at this height, the spatial repulsion didn't put much pressure on Luo Zheng.
However … Shuyuekuang was in trouble. He had been relying on his powerful Spiritual Strength to bitterly persevere, hoping to reach the top of the obelisk in one go. But how was he supposed to do that when faced with the sudden appearance of this spatial barrier?
This thin spatial barrier was like a heavenly moat. With his current strength, it was obviously impossible for him to force his way through.
At this time, he could only comprehend the Laws of Space under the powerful spatial repulsive force. There was no other way!
Luo Zheng calmly clung to his side. He glanced at Shuyue Kuang, shook his head, and continued to comprehend the Law of Space with a faint smile on his face.
It was this faint smile that nearly caused Shuyue Kuang to collapse!
Below the obelisk, Elder Wei's face also had a joyful smile as he chuckled, "Although this child's bloodline is weak, his comprehension is astonishing. Looks like our Dragon Pool Palace will have another elite."
The Dragon Abyss Palace was the Dragon Bloodline human force that Elder Wei belonged to. The human force of the Dragon Bloodline that Zhao Zheng belonged to was called the Flame Dragon Palace.
In comparison, Zhao Zheng's expression was much uglier. How could Zhao Zheng not see the situation on the obelisk? Although Shuyue Kuang's speed of climbing from the bottom of the obelisk was fast, it wasn't because of Shuyue Kuang's comprehension. It was because Shuyue Kuang had comprehended a lot of the Laws of Space in the lower realm. Naturally, he was able to cope with the spatial repulsive force of the obelisk.
If Shuyue Kuang could have calmed down and slowly comprehended the Laws of Space at the top of the obelisk, climbing up the obelisk wouldn't have been a difficult task. But Shuyue Kuang just had to show off, clenching his teeth and going all out against that kid. Now, he had entered an awkward situation. Only an idiot would try to comprehend the Laws of Space while staring at such a powerful spatial repulsive force.
Luo Zheng had no idea what the two Elders were thinking. He only calmed down and quietly felt the patterns of the Laws of Space on the obelisk.
It was obviously impossible to break through the spatial barrier and climb to the top of the obelisk. The spatial barrier should have been created in accordance with some kind of Law of Space. If he could comprehend it, he would probably be able to pass through it.
In addition to comprehending the Laws of Space, Luo Zheng also tried to use his soul to touch the spatial barrier above. Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, there was an independent space within the spatial barrier.
"If I can comprehend the Laws of Space on this level, does that mean I can travel through space?" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly became excited.
The Laws of Space were originally the most powerful of the Origin Laws. "Time is King, Space is Venerable." This established the strength of these two Origin Laws.
In the vast Central Domain, there were many geniuses who comprehended all kinds of Origin Laws. There were even more people who comprehended all kinds of "Concepts". However, there weren't many martial artists who had some achievements in the Laws of Space and Time.
Just like Daoist Big Dream's "Phantom God Step", it was actually the most basic application of the Laws of Space. The method was to first use an incomparably violent power to shake the surrounding space, causing it to be in an unstable state. At this time, the space would produce black lines like the ones on the Trial Challenger's Path. This was a sign that space was about to collapse.
Daoist Big Dream was able to use these black lines to move. His movement technique was unpredictable and incomparably strange, making it impossible for people to guard against. Therefore, it was called the "Phantom God Step", a step that could even confuse gods. In fact, this was the most basic application of the Laws of Space in the first level.
This application wasn't advanced, and Luo Zheng could also do it. On the Trial Challenger's Path, Luo Zheng had experimented with it many times. However, Luo Zheng was far from having the terrifying strength of Daoist Big Dream, who was able to use a large method to destabilize space and create these black lines.
If Luo Zheng could comprehend the Laws of Space on this obelisk, he wouldn't need to use this method. He would be able to travel through space for short distances.
With such an ability, how could Luo Zheng not be excited?
Therefore, the only problem left for Luo Zheng was how to use his own comprehension of the Laws of Space to pass through this transparent space barrier.
Luo Zheng was absorbing the Laws of Space on the obelisk. On the side, Shuyue Kuang couldn't bear it any longer. He finally understood that if he fought fiercely next to Luo Zheng, he would definitely be at a disadvantage. In the end, his fate would probably still be to be ejected from the obelisk.
Although Shuyue Kuang's soul being injured wasn't too troublesome for him, his most outstanding characteristic wasn't his mastery of the Laws of Space, but his soul! Moreover, he came from a large organization that had all kinds of elixirs and miraculous medicines. Even if his soul was injured, he didn't have to worry too much. However, he wouldn't go as far as to make himself suffer. Moreover, falling from the obelisk was too shameful.
After persevering for a while, Shuyue Kuang finally slowly climbed down the obelisk. It was better to honestly comprehend the Laws of Space bit by bit. This kid's performance was only outstanding in the Laws of Space. There were still many opportunities to defeat him in the future!
At this time, Luo Zheng was completely immersed in the Laws of Space. He stared motionlessly at the veined patterns on the obelisk. He didn't even notice that Shuyue Kuang had left.
In this state, the memories of the Laws of Space in his mind gathered together like flowing water. Like a puzzle, they were pieced together piece by piece. When all the memories of the Laws of Space were nearing completion, he looked at the space barrier above his head and revealed a confident smile!
"Space barrier! I can also break it! "
After saying this, Luo Zheng no longer clung to the obelisk. Instead, he let go of his hands and suddenly drilled upwards!
This space barrier couldn't be broken through with brute force. Wanting to use one's soul to break through it was even more impossible.
However, Luo Zheng didn't even try to break through the space barrier. His soul was like a fish in water as it directly drilled through the space barrier and finally set foot on the top of the obelisk.
Elder Wei faintly smiled and said, "In less than six hours, he went from being completely ignorant of the Laws of Space to completely comprehending the first level of the Laws of Space. Using the word 'elite' isn't enough to describe his talent. Haha …"
"Less than six hours?" Hearing Elder Wei's words, Zhao Zheng was inwardly shocked. Although the engravings on the obelisk were ready-made Laws of Space and he didn't need to slowly fumble around, wasn't this kid too monstrous? Which lower realm did he come from?
Just as Elder Wei was praising Shuyue Kuang, the surrounding Law Obelisks suddenly began to tremble!
Every obelisk was constantly trembling, as if an earthquake was occurring. But how could there be an earthquake here?
While Elder Wei was puzzled, he saw that at the top of all the obelisks, the Laws of Space were actually gathering towards Luo Zheng's body.