These obelisks were extremely ancient and had been carved by the almighty masters of the True Dragon Race through their own comprehension of Laws.
The martial artists that ascended from the lower realms naturally couldn't compare to the inheritances of the True Dragon World in terms of comprehension of Laws, so these obelisks were placed here for the lower realms' Dragon Bloodline's human martial artists to meditate on.
There were many types of Laws, but the most basic Laws were the Laws of Fire, the Laws of Wind, the Laws of Time, the Laws of Space, and so on. The Laws that evolved from these were innumerable. For example, the Concept of Mountain was actually an evolution of the Earth Laws, and the Heavenly Evolution Laws were Laws that artificers comprehended from the Heavenly Dao and the Metal Laws.
Every cultivator had a different degree of affinity with the Laws. Previously, Luo Zheng had chosen the Space Law Obelisk to comprehend, so Elder Wei believed that Luo Zheng's affinity with the Laws of Space was very high. That was why he could cultivate the Laws of Space like a fish in water.
However, when he saw the scene before him, Elder Wei realized that he was wrong. Very wrong.
Everyone, including the martial artists attached to the obelisks, turned their eyes to the top of the Space Laws obelisk, staring at the scene in a daze.
Even Elder Wei was confused for a while before he realized that the scene before him was the legendary "Baptism of the Laws". As for the others, they had never even heard of this term, so they were even more confused about what was going on!
He could only watch helplessly as the obelisk continued to vibrate, and the power of laws on the obelisk continued to gather towards Luo Zheng.
Even more unlucky was that as the obelisks shook, the souls of some martial artists that were at their limits were shaken off. This could only be considered accidental damage. The vast majority of martial artists desperately attached their souls to the obelisks, their eyes wide open as they watched this strange phenomenon unfold before them.
Since Elder Wei could understand what was happening, Zhao Zheng could also understand what was happening. "A Baptism of Laws … It's been many years since something like this has appeared."
The baptism of Laws couldn't increase a martial artist's strength. Even after receiving the baptism of Laws, it wouldn't increase Luo Zheng's strength or cultivation, but it could increase Luo Zheng's compatibility with Laws.
Martial artists were born with an innate affinity to certain Laws. Some martial artists had a very high affinity to the Thunder Laws, and some martial artists were very sensitive to the Wind Laws. But, Luo Zheng was able to comprehend a trace of the Space Laws just by passing through space. This proved that he had a very high affinity to the Space Laws.
But after Luo Zheng underwent the baptism of Laws, his compatibility with any Law would greatly increase. In other words, Luo Zheng's cultivation of Thunder Laws and Fire Laws would not be hindered!
For many martial artists, this kind of thing was something that could only be encountered by chance and not sought after!
Zhao Zheng and Elder Wei had been Elders here for so many years. They had only heard of such things, but they had never heard of such a thing.
Who would have thought that this would happen to Luo Zheng?
Shuyue Kuang clung tightly to the obelisk. He stared at Luo Zheng on the obelisk, his eyes filled with defiance. Although he didn't know what was happening, at this moment, Luo Zheng had become the focus of everyone present!
He, Shuyue Kuang, was born with a noble bloodline! The True Dragon blood in his body was much richer than any of his family's ancestors! From the moment he was born, he had been the focus of attention. From a young age until now, as long as he appeared in an event, he would be surrounded by envious and jealous gazes. At the age of 20, he was sent to the Rising Dragon Arena and ascended to the higher realms, entering the Dragon Bloodline Human Race!
Originally, Shuyue Kuang thought that even in the Dragon Bloodline Human Race, he would still be a proud son of heaven and would be surrounded by praise and envy. But, he never imagined that just as he ascended, before he could even display his abnormal talent, he would discover that his limelight had been completely stolen by this young man in front of him!
How could Shuyue Kuang endure this?
But now, he couldn't even climb up this Space Law obelisk. What right did he have to speak? Shuyue Kuang clenched his teeth and suppressed the unhappiness in his heart. He comprehended the power of Law on the obelisk. He, Shuyue Kuang, also had a heart that wouldn't lose to anyone!
Standing at the top of the obelisk, Luo Zheng quietly accepted the baptism of the power of Law. The power of Law constantly washed over Luo Zheng's soul, but Luo Zheng himself didn't feel it at all. Instead, as the power of Law washed over him, Luo Zheng felt a trace of connection between him and the obelisks. Or rather, it should be said that he had formed a connection with the power of Law!
"It's like … these obelisks are summoning me …" Luo Zheng murmured.
When the power of Law stopped washing over Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng withdrew his soul back into his body. Opening his eyes, Luo Zheng stood up from the ground.
"This, this … young friend, I still don't know your name." The moment Luo Zheng stood up, Elder Wei had already turned into a breeze and floated over with a smile on his face. His attitude was completely different from before.
Previously, Elder Wei didn't take Luo Zheng seriously. After all, Luo Zheng wasn't a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Only a trace of Flood Dragon's blood could be detected in his body. Illegal immigrants like this would usually be sent to prison and locked up for a thousand years.
It was only because of the City Lord's instructions that Elder Wei made an exception and used a drop of True Dragon's blood. Only then could Luo Zheng be considered a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
"You don't even know his name? Then this young friend can't be considered a member of your Dragon Pool Palace. Hehe, young friend, are you interested in joining our Fiery Dragon Palace? Among the nine hundred and thirty-six palaces of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, our Fiery Dragon Palace can be ranked in the top two hundred! If you join our Fiery Dragon Palace, your future will be limitless! "Zhao Zheng said with a face full of smiles.
Zhao Zheng wasn't clear about Luo Zheng's potential and talent. Moreover, Zhao Zheng didn't think highly of Luo Zheng's cultivation and strength. However, just because of the "baptism of Law", Zhao Zheng had to win Luo Zheng over no matter what.
After all, after the baptism of Law, Luo Zheng had a very strong affinity with all types of Laws. In the future, he wouldn't encounter any obstacles when cultivating any Laws! Zhao Zheng had been here all year round to receive cultivators from the lower realm. How could he not understand this?
As soon as Zhao Zheng said this, Elder Wei's face immediately darkened. He said coldly, "Zhao Zheng, this young friend has used a drop of True Dragon's blood from our Dragon Pool Palace. Aren't you looking down on our Dragon Pool Palace too much by trying to poach him so brazenly?"
"Oh! No wonder the True Dragon's aura in this young friend's body is so weak. It turns out that your Dragon Pool Palace gave him a drop of True Dragon's blood! What a generous Dragon Pool Palace! " Zhao Zheng chuckled and said, "Young friend, if you join our Fiery Dragon Palace, I'll give you ten drops of True Dragon's blood. What do you think?"
"Don't listen to him. Our Dragon Pool Palace isn't that stingy. Report this on my behalf. Ten drops of True Dragon's blood is nothing to be proud of." Elder Wei was not to be outdone.
Luo Zheng was speechless.
In fact, from his personal point of view, he didn't want to join any force when he entered the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend to the True Dragon Realm. However, Luo Zheng couldn't resist the rules of the Human Bloodline Dragon Clan. After accepting the trial here, Luo Zheng would naturally choose to return to the Central Domain. There were too many things he had to do in the Central Domain. The most important thing was to rescue Luo Yan!
He didn't expect that there would be a scene of someone trying to snatch him away.
Ten drops of True Dragon's blood … Just one drop was enough to make Luo Zheng feel a tremendous change in his bloodline. If there were ten drops, the change would probably be even greater.
In the end, Luo Zheng nodded to Elder Wei and said, "Elder, my name is Luo Zheng. I was in a hurry just now and forgot to tell you my name. Forgive me for my rudeness."
Luo Zheng's answer put Elder Wei at ease and the smile on his face deepened. "Not rudeness, not rudeness. Luo Zheng, a good name! Since you've passed the obelisk and are fortunate enough to enter the ranks of the elites, you can accept the next round of the trial! However, you've just been baptized by the laws. You can also choose to comprehend the laws on the other obelisks. It's up to you … "
"I'll comprehend the power of the other laws first," Luo Zheng hurriedly said. Only now did he understand that the laws that constantly washed over his body were called the baptism of the laws.
When he was baptized by the laws, Luo Zheng had the urge to comprehend the other obelisks. Now, he would naturally seize this opportunity.