Whether it was the Dragon Abyss Palace or the Fire Dragon Palace, they were both branches of the Dragon Bloodline. For the current Luo Zheng, they were unreachable existences.
Even if the Dragon Abyss Palace was destroyed, Luo Zheng would not lose anything.
What Luo Zheng cared about the most now was to improve his strength. Since he had developed an affinity with other Laws, Luo Zheng would not let go of the opportunity to study the other obelisks.
Luo Zheng walked around the obelisks a few times. This time, he chose the one with the Law of Fire recorded on it. Almost without hesitation, Luo Zheng sat down in front of the obelisks.
At the same time, the competition for the Rising Dragon Platform in the Central Domain had reached a climax.
Regarding the ownership of the Rising Dragon Platform, every sect would naturally come up with a reason. Even if they did not have a reason, they would forcefully twist it out.
Moreover, more and more factions were getting involved. Even some independent cultivators of the False Tribulation Realm wanted to get a share of the pie. Although those independent cultivators did not belong to any sect, they had successors and descendants. Moreover, with the strength of a False Tribulation Realm expert, establishing a new sect was not a particularly taxing matter.
No matter how much they argued, the final result was inevitable. The Rising Dragon Arena would belong to whoever was stronger!
What they did not know was that the Rising Dragon Platform was actually a path of no return for the vast majority of people. As long as one entered the Rising Dragon Platform, they would be imprisoned by the Dragon Bloodline for a thousand years. Even if the old monsters of the False Tribulation Realm had a long lifespan, how many thousand years could they squander?
Fortunately, when Luo Zheng ascended, Qinglong tampered with the divine runes on the Rising Dragon Platform. Later, if someone broke into the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Platform and activated the circular divine rune, the only result would be to be thrown out of the Rising Dragon Platform and not ascend.
If a war broke out between the various sects because of the Rising Dragon Platform, or even a war between sects, it was undoubtedly irrational.
In the end, this matter was settled by the World Business Alliance.
Although the World Business Alliance was not a sect, its power was not inferior to any sect. More importantly, the World Business Alliance had a good relationship with almost all the major sects. Only if they came up with a plan could this dispute be resolved.
The World Business Alliance's plan was very simple. First, they would transport the Rising Dragon Platform back to Tianqi City, which was the headquarters of the World Business Alliance. Then, the World Business Alliance would decide to hold a martial arts competition where all sects and independent warriors could participate.
However, there was a strict restriction on the strength of the participants. The highest cultivation level allowed to participate couldn't be higher than the Early Divine Core realm. In other words, no Mid Divine Core warriors or above were allowed to participate.
The winner of the martial arts competition would be able to bring the Rising Dragon Platform away. As for the second and third place finishers, the World Business Alliance would give them generous rewards.
In fact, every ten years or so, the World Business Alliance would invite all the major sects in the Central Domain to hold a grand martial arts competition in Tianqi City. Although the World Business Alliance would spend a huge amount of money to hold every martial arts competition, the World Business Alliance would be able to maintain a good relationship with all the fourth and fifth grade sects, and on the other hand, they would be able to use this opportunity to befriend all the young geniuses from all the major sects.
This was also the reason why the World Business Alliance was able to set up a market in every major sect to do business. Because of this, the World Business Alliance was able to rival the Void Spirit Sect in terms of overall strength.
However, the martial arts competition was brought forward by four years, and the final reward was the Rising Dragon Platform.
After giving the World Business Alliance's proposal some serious consideration, all the sects decided to accept it.
If they objected to this proposal, it wouldn't be their elite disciples who would take action, but the old monsters in their sects. At that time, perhaps the entire Central Domain would be plunged into an abyss of misery and suffering. Although the Rising Dragon Platform was a great treasure, it wasn't worth it.
After the Cloud Hall, Blood Wood Cliff, Dark Yin Mansion, and other sects had all accepted this proposal, the World Business Alliance started preparing in Tianqi City. They planned to hold the martial arts competition in the Central Domain three months later.
Within the Central Domain, all the young geniuses from different sects were rubbing their palms together. If they could help their sects obtain the Rising Dragon Platform, it would be a great achievement. In the future, all the resources from their sects would be given to them! Even if they couldn't get first place, the top ten would still receive very generous rewards. With the World Business Alliance's generosity, these rewards were probably something that even the old monsters in the False Tribulation Realm would be tempted by!
In the Central Domain, this matter had already spread like wildfire. It was said that some of the descendants of the old monsters in seclusion had also come out, wanting to participate in this martial arts competition!
However, in a remote city in the True Dragon World, Luo Zheng knew nothing about this. He was still focused on receiving the training of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
After being baptized by the laws, Luo Zheng had improved the laws on the other obelisks. However, Luo Zheng didn't randomly choose an obelisk to climb.
Whether it was the laws of space or the laws of thunder, they were divided into ten levels. The effects of each level were different, but the deeper one's comprehension, the greater the effect! The laws recorded on these obelisks only recorded the first level, which was the easiest level to understand.
The obelisks he chose were those that recorded the Origin Laws of thunder, fire, earth, wind, and so on. These Origin Laws were almost the composition of the entire material world. If one wanted to reach the Great Accomplishment Stage of many cultivation methods, they would need to make a breakthrough in the laws. Comprehending these basic laws wouldn't do him any harm.
After spending a full three days, Luo Zheng climbed one obelisk after another, comprehending the first level of the Origin Laws.
Besides these obelisks that recorded the power of Origin Laws, Luo Zheng didn't climb the other obelisks that recorded the power of Origin Laws.
For example, Luo Zheng found the power of Origin Laws on one of the obelisks very familiar. Luo Zheng could feel a strong sword intent and faint lightning from that obelisk. The power of Origin Laws on this obelisk evolved from the laws of thunder and metal. It should be the extreme thunder sword intent that Hua Tianming was cultivating. Presumably, some almighty figure of the Dragon Bloodline Clan had also once cultivated the extreme thunder sword intent.
In three days, Luo Zheng had climbed nine obelisks. This speed not only made Elder Wei gasp in amazement, but also made Zhao Zheng extremely jealous.
Some cultivators who ascended to the True Dragon World would stay at the foot of an obelisk for a year, or even several years.
Not all cultivators had an affinity with Laws. For example, some cultivators who cultivated thunder attribute cultivation methods urgently needed to comprehend the laws of thunder, but their affinity with the laws of thunder was very poor. As a result, the speed at which they comprehended the obelisks was very slow. It would take them a long time to climb to the top of the obelisk. In the most extreme cases, they might not even be able to fully comprehend the laws of thunder in their lifetime.
Among the cultivators sitting at the foot of the obelisks, such examples could be found everywhere.
But Luo Zheng had comprehended nine types of Origin Laws in just three days. The shock he brought to these people could be imagined!
Three days later, under the guidance of Elder Wei, Luo Zheng went to the next area.
"Our assessment of the Dragon Bloodline Ascenders is like this. First, we assess their comprehension of Laws, because Laws are the most important thing to a cultivator! Only after passing will we proceed to the next round of training. The second round is soul training, "Elder Wei explained to Luo Zheng in detail. Elder Wei was very patient and explained everything to Luo Zheng in detail.
"Soul training …" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Luo Zheng's soul had not undergone systematic training. In fact, the Eastern Territory did not have such conditions. His soul had initially been smelted by the mysterious furnace, and he had also cultivated the 《Frightening Spirit Thorn》. He had also swallowed a lot of Black Demon Nightmares' soul essence.
Although Luo Zheng's soul was still stronger than the vast majority of cultivators at the same level, it was very necessary for him to undergo targeted training.
After arriving at his destination, Luo Zheng saw a strange black sphere floating in the sky! This black sphere was about two hundred feet in diameter. On the surface of the black sphere, purple lightning constantly curled up. Looking through the surface of the black sphere, Luo Zheng seemed to see a black thing constantly tumbling inside.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng seemed to feel a heavy pressure from this black sphere. This pressure did not come from the body, but from the soul.
Elder Wei said faintly, "This is an Owl Beast Resentful Spirit. Its soul has reached the War Soul Realm, and it is a Jade War Soul."
"War Soul? Jade War Soul? "Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
＝＝＝＝＝