Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with what Elder Wei was talking about. He had never heard of such things in the Eastern Region.
Actually, it wasn't hard to understand. The strongest warrior in the Eastern Region was Shi Jingtian, and even Shi Jingtian didn't have a Combat Soul, let alone a Green Jade Combat Soul.
It seemed like Elder Wei had expected Luo Zheng's reaction. If Luo Zheng had reached the Divine Core realm, he might have had a chance to learn about Combat Souls. But, Luo Zheng was only a Peak Xiantian warrior, so it was normal that he hadn't heard of it.
But, because of Luo Zheng's previous performance, Elder Wei didn't react to Luo Zheng's ignorance. Instead, he started explaining to Luo Zheng in detail. "The so-called Combat Soul is actually our soul."
Apart from some special races who were born with powerful souls, no matter if it was a human's soul or the souls of any other races, they were all very fragile.
Once a soul was damaged, even the slightest damage would cause a person's spirit to become sluggish, and they wouldn't be able to recover for a few days. If the soul was damaged, the person would become an idiot. If the soul was shattered, the person's body would quickly vanish.
But, if a person's soul was strong enough, not only would he be able to throw his soul into a fight, he would even be able to fight with his soul!
But, this required his soul to go through strict training, and he would have to step into the Combat Soul realm.
"Combat Soul realm … how can I step into it?" Hearing Elder Wei's explanation, Luo Zheng was fascinated.
Elder Wei let out a laugh, as if he had a sense of superiority, "In the Lower Realm, of course, you wouldn't have the chance to do so. Even if you broke through to the Combat Soul realm, or even the Green Jade Combat Soul, you would have to rely on a great opportunity. That's why the souls of warriors in the Lower Realm aren't strong enough. But, your soul is pretty good among all Xiantian realm beings, and it's even comparable to those in the Divine Reflection realm. But, you still need more training before you can step into the Combat Soul realm. "
Because Luo Zheng's soul had been calcined by the mysterious furnace, Luo Zheng was very confident in the strength of his soul. But, he could tell that Elder Wei was trying to be polite, but he was implying that his soul was still too weak.
Although Luo Zheng had this thought, he wasn't depressed. If he wasn't strong enough, then he would have no choice but to improve himself!
"Elder Wei, what kind of training method is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
Elder Wei chuckled and pointed at the black ball. "Put your soul into it and you will understand."
"Infuse my soul into it?" Luo Zheng was stunned, and then shook his head reflexively. "Elder Wei, you must be joking."
Although Luo Zheng wasn't sure how powerful the Green Jade Fighting Soul was, the pressure from the black sphere wasn't something that Luo Zheng could withstand. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, if he were to confront the vengeful spirit head-on, he would be instantly killed. Currently, Luo Zheng's soul wasn't even at the War Soul Realm.
Seeing Luo Zheng's concern, Elder Wei just said, "Don't worry. Since we set up this kind of training, we naturally won't send you to your death. The other warriors are also cultivating here."
Elder Wei pointed at the warriors around the black sphere. The souls of these warriors had already entered the black sphere, so their bodies were either sitting or lying down around the black sphere.
"Entering the black sphere for training is an opportunity only for the elites of the clan who ascended from the lower realm. You must take advantage of it. It will benefit you a lot," Elder Wei continued. Then, Elder Wei told Luo Zheng some things to pay attention to when entering the black sphere.
After listening to Elder Wei, Luo Zheng didn't have any more concerns. He nodded and walked towards the black sphere. After sitting down cross-legged, Luo Zheng extended his soul into the black sphere. Just as Luo Zheng's soul entered the black sphere, he found that his soul was in a pitch-black space.
As soon as he stepped into the black sphere, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly felt a sharp pain. It was as if countless flying daggers were stabbing his body, piercing his soul and riddling it with holes. He also felt as if his naked body was being surrounded by frost and roasted by flames …
"Ge ge ge …" Luo Zheng's teeth trembled uncontrollably. He simply couldn't control his trembling.
A soul without the protection of a physical body was very fragile. Even though Luo Zheng's soul was stronger than other warriors of the same realm, it hadn't undergone a complete transformation. He was completely unable to bear this kind of pain.
Enduring the sharp pain, Luo Zheng saw a little light yellow flame around the pitch-black space. Under this kind of pressure, Luo Zheng didn't have time to think and rushed towards the light.
The closer he got to the light yellow flame, the less pressure Luo Zheng felt on his soul. He felt the warmth of the flame. It was like a bonfire in a world of ice and snow, or an oasis in a desert.
When Luo Zheng got closer, the light emitted by the flame constantly repaired Luo Zheng's damaged soul.
It wasn't until now that Luo Zheng could clearly see that the souls of many martial artists were surrounding this small oil lamp for warmth.
In this pitch-black space, these small oil lamps were scattered around. It was these small oil lamps that emitted a gentle light that protected the souls of these martial artists, preventing them from being destroyed by the powerful pressure.
And in the center of this space, a giant Moonkin Evil Spirit was firmly fixed in place by chains formed from lightning. This terrifying soul pressure was coming from the Moonkin Evil Spirit.
From time to time, martial artists would leave the protection of the small oil lamp and receive the scouring and destruction of the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul pressure. If they couldn't hold on any longer, they would return to the small oil lamp and allow it to repair their souls.
This soul tempering method was very similar to when Luo Zheng first obtained the mysterious furnace and underwent his first soul tempering. Both methods allowed the soul to be constantly destroyed and repaired. However, the pain that Luo Zheng experienced at that time was a hundred times more intense than now, and the speed at which the light emitted by the furnace repaired his soul was countless times faster!
It was also because of that tempering that Luo Zheng's soul had become incomparably tough.
There were many similarities between the cultivation methods of the world, and the cultivation methods of the Dragon Vein Human Clan were also the same.
The soul was constantly beaten and tempered, gradually becoming stronger. But in the lower realms, there were no small oil lamps that could repair one's soul. Destroying one's soul like this would only turn one into an idiot in the end.
But with this small oil lamp, this situation would be much better.
For Luo Zheng, this kind of cultivation opportunity was something that could only be encountered by chance. Luo Zheng would naturally seize this opportunity to cultivate.
After Luo Zheng's soul was almost completely repaired, he rushed out of the range of the small oil lamp. But just as he stepped out of the range of the small oil lamp, the terrifying soul pressure once again swept towards Luo Zheng's soul.
The pain of the soul could not be alleviated by any means. One could only rely on willpower to forcibly endure it. Many martial artists were only able to persist for two or three breaths of time under the scouring of this soul pressure. Then, they turned around and ran towards the small oil lamp.
Luo Zheng firmly stood in place, enduring the impact of this soul pressure. After a while, his teeth began to chatter again.
"Endure it!" Luo Zheng said to himself.
One breath …
Two breaths …
Ten breaths …
At this time, Luo Zheng's soul was riddled with holes, like a tattered cotton jacket. His mind was also dizzy.
"Retreat!"
It wasn't until Luo Zheng felt that he was about to faint that he returned to the light of the small oil lamp. Under the illumination of the yellow light, Luo Zheng's soul began to repair itself little by little.
"Newcomer, do you really need to work so hard?" Beside the small oil lamp, a martial artist laughed and said.
These martial artists had all experienced the devastation of soul pressure before. They were very clear about what it felt like. Seeing Luo Zheng clench his teeth and persist for ten breaths of time on his first try, they were both surprised and jealous. Some of them had been here for a long time and could only persist for four or five breaths of time. But Luo Zheng could persist for ten breaths of time on his first try!
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and didn't speak. After his soul was completely repaired, Luo Zheng once again rushed out without hesitation.
Enduring the soul torment over and over again, Luo Zheng persisted for longer and longer under the soul pressure of the Moonkin Evil Spirit.
At first, he could only persist for ten breaths of time. Then, it became twelve breaths, twenty breaths, forty breaths …
Not long after, Luo Zheng was able to persist for an incense stick's worth of time.