The souls within the black sphere would be covered by the soul pressure of the Moonkin Evil Spirit, but the distribution of the soul pressure wasn't uniform.
The closer one was to the outside, the smaller the soul pressure would be. The closer one was to the center, the greater the soul pressure would be.
From the center of the black sphere to the periphery, it was divided into six circles. Every time one walked a circle, the soul pressure would increase exponentially. At this moment, Luo Zheng was in the outermost circle, and the majority of the warriors were also in the outermost circle.
After cultivating in the outermost circle for half a day, Luo Zheng finally left the small oil lamp and stepped into the second circle after feeling that his soul had become stronger.
There was no need to mention the several martial artists around the small oil lamp. Some of them had already been in the black sphere for several months, but they still didn't dare to step into the second circle. But Luo Zheng had only cultivated for half a day and he had already stepped into the second circle …
In fact, Luo Zheng was able to step into the second circle in such a short time because his soul was stronger than ordinary warriors. On the other hand, his cultivation speed was much faster than others.
The vast majority of martial artists would only stay outside the small oil lamp for a few breaths of time before having to rest inside for a long time. This sort of soul-level pain was simply unbearable. But when Luo Zheng returned to the small oil lamp, he waited until his soul was restored and then immediately rushed out. Others might have needed two hours to cultivate, or even longer, but Luo Zheng had already gone back and forth a dozen times.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to step into the second circle, four warriors appeared at the edge of the black sphere, two men and two women. These four people were the four people that Luo Zheng had met before under the obelisk. One of them was Shuyue Kuang, who had provoked Luo Zheng.
Shuyue Kuang had suffered a serious blow from Luo Zheng when it came to comprehending the Laws. However, Shuyue Kuang was originally an extraordinary talent. After climbing the obelisk of the Law of Space, he had also climbed the obelisk of the Law of Fire. This talent could be considered outstanding among the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Ascendants.
However, this depended on who he was compared to. If Luo Zheng hadn't appeared, Shuyue Kuang would have been a top elite in Zhao Zheng's eyes and would have been highly recommended. However, Luo Zheng had been baptized by the Laws and had comprehended the Origin Laws other than the Law of Time in three days.
As a result, Shuyue Kuang was like a firefly competing with the sun, dim and without light.
Yue Kuang had always held a grudge against Luo Zheng. He had grown up under the title of "genius", and because Luo Zheng had stolen his limelight, he would not look for his own shortcomings. Instead, he would vent all his resentment on Luo Zheng.
With Shuyuekuang's personality, if not for the fact that he had just ascended and was unfamiliar with the human body and the land, he would have already stepped on Luo Zheng's face.
................. soul pressure?.................. ... . A blue light emerged from the surface of Shuyue Kuang's soul, completely enveloping him. The soul pressure of the Moonkin slammed into the blue light, but the blue light remained motionless, completely blocking the soul pressure.
The man and two women who came in with Shuyue Kuang were also covered in a layer of blue light, completely unaffected by the soul pressure of the Moonkin.
The great force that Shuyue Kuang belonged to was originally very proficient in cultivating the soul. Their clan had a secret technique that specialized in cultivating the soul, and Shuyue Kuang was a core member of his force. Therefore, his attainments in the soul had always been his pride! Until now, he had never met a peer whose soul was more powerful than his.
Many of the martial artists guarding the small oil lamps revealed looks of envy as they saw Shuyue Kuang's group of four leisurely strolling through the black light. They had been bitterly cultivating but still couldn't step into the second circle. But these four had just come in and didn't need to cultivate at all. How could they not be envious?
After Shuyue Kuang stepped into the second circle, the soul pressure he had to withstand suddenly doubled! But the blue light attached to his body remained motionless and was very stable. However, the other three were somewhat unable to withstand it. The blue light on their bodies swayed, and under the tearing of the soul pressure, many cracks appeared on its surface. Before the cracks disappeared, the three of them had already walked into the second layer of the oil lamps.
Shuyue Kuang saw that his three companions couldn't withstand the soul pressure of the second layer, and a faint smile appeared on his face. He planned to directly walk into the third circle, but at this moment, he saw Luo Zheng not far away.
"Ha, I finally caught this brat!" Shuyue Kuang's face revealed a touch of joy.
In other places, Shuyue Kuang wouldn't dare to make a move for fear of violating the taboo of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. After all, this was the Upper Realm. If he didn't get into trouble, who would protect him? Even the mighty figures in his family were nothing more than ants in the Upper Realm.
But in this black light, those who came in to cultivate were all martial artists from the Lower Realm. Who could control him?
Therefore, Shuyue Kuang walked toward Luo Zheng in a few steps.
Luo Zheng was concentrating on withstanding the soul pressure and tempering his soul. He didn't know that Shuyue Kuang was rushing toward him. The second circle of the black light was much closer to the Moonkin Beast resentful spirit. Although the soul pressure had only doubled, the pressure on Luo Zheng had increased by a lot.
Originally, in the first circle, Luo Zheng didn't need the little oil lamp to repair his soul to be able to move freely. But after entering the second circle, he was once again beaten back to his original state. After ten breaths of time, his soul reached its limit and he had no choice but to return to the little oil lamp.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw a blue shadow flash by his side. Unexpectedly, a soul crashed directly toward him!
Luo Zheng didn't expect that there would be someone fighting with him here. He frowned and dodged to the side at the critical moment. Then, he quickly stepped to the nearest oil lamp and his soul began to be repaired. Luo Zheng stared at his opponent.
"It's this guy again!" Luo Zheng's face showed anger. "I have no enmity with you. Why are you looking for trouble with me?"
Shuyue Kuang shrugged and laughed. "Do I need a reason? I just don't like you. "
Luo Zheng closed his eyes slightly. After the oil lamp had completely repaired his soul, he smiled coldly. "There are many people who don't like me. You're not one of them. But they all ended up in a miserable state. Are you sure you still want to find trouble with me?"
"Nonsense!" Shuyue Kuang sneered. The two hands on his soul began to change shape. From a pair of hands, they became two blades.
Looking at this change, Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly. "Transforming Soul into Blade!"
Luo Zheng cultivated the Soul-Scaring Thorn, which allowed him to transform his soul into a sharp thorn. Others could naturally transform a part of their soul into the shape of a saber. After transforming his hands into sabers, Shuyue Kuang slashed at Luo Zheng without any hesitation.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't stand there and let him slash at him. After leaving the oil lamp, Luo Zheng followed the second circle and rushed to the next oil lamp. It was indeed annoying to be interrupted while concentrating on one's cultivation. However, he just happened to run into a brainless guy!
"Brother Kuang is fighting with that guy again …"
"Nonsense. You know Yuekuang's character. When has he ever suffered a loss? Those who made him suffer a loss died miserably! "
"That guy stole Brother Kuang's limelight! He doesn't know what's good for him! "
The three people who were with Shuyue Kuang were standing beside the oil lamp and whispering. The three of them were originally led by Shuyue Kuang through the Rising Dragon Arena. Naturally, they stood on Shuyue Kuang's side.
As for the other martial artists who were cultivating their souls in the black sphere, they were all dumbfounded.
Cultivating under such intense soul pressure was originally a very torturous thing. It would be good enough if one didn't become an idiot. Now, there was actually someone who still had the energy to fight inside! This was really unreasonable! Seeing Luo Zheng being chased by Shuyue Kuang, many martial artists began to worry about Luo Zheng's fate!
If Luo Zheng's soul was slashed by Shuyue Kuang, coupled with the soul pressure, this kid would probably become an idiot.
It was said that when one cultivated in this black sphere, something like this had happened before. Some martial artists were too stubborn and stubbornly resisted the pressure of the soul. As a result, after their souls were damaged, they were unable to return to the small oil lamp and their souls were crushed alive.
"That kid is really miserable!"
"If it were me, I would take back my soul and temporarily stop cultivating!"
"That's right. Just leave the black sphere. Why are you still holding on?"