Luo Zheng didn't expect to be chased by someone while he was in his soul form.
Not only did Luo Zheng have to withstand the pressure from his soul, he also had to keep running and dodging Shuyue Kuang's attacks.
"Die!" Shuyue Kuang fiercely swung his soul blades.
But, Luo Zheng's soul was as agile as a monkey. It was able to dodge between the gaps of Shuyue Kuang's attacks. If Shuyue Kuang wasn't paying attention to him, Luo Zheng would be able to escape, and quickly enter another oil lamp to repair his soul.
The second layer of the black sphere was a circle, and Shuyue Kuang had no choice but to chase after Luo Zheng. After running a few rounds, Luo Zheng's soul slowly adapted to the pressure from the second layer. Sometimes, he could even jump over a small oil lamp to repair his soul.
Seeing that he couldn't catch up to Luo Zheng, Shuyue Kuang became even angrier. He swung the two blades in his hands. "Soul martial skill, Warring Ghost's Dual Blades! Let me see how you're going to escape! "
Shuyue Kuang had once used this skill to kill a Divine Core warrior's soul with his Divine Reflection cultivation base!
In an instant, a green light started burning on the two blades. After that, he moved like a ghost and quickly approached Luo Zheng. He waved the two blades in his hands and thrust them toward Luo Zheng's soul.
Luo Zheng didn't have enough time to dodge the attack. If he was hit by the Warring Ghost's Dual Blades, his soul would be sliced into a few pieces.
"Soul martial skill? I have one too! "
Seeing that he couldn't dodge Shuyue Kuang's attack, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly turned into a sharp spike and thrust toward Shuyue Kuang.
"Frightening Spike!"
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng's Frightening Spike wasn't a soul martial skill, because the Soul Transforming Spike was similar to Shuyue Kuang's Soul Transforming Spike. It was just a martial skill that transformed a part of the soul into an offensive skill.
However, Luo Zheng had been dodging for so long and hadn't used the Frightening Spirit Thorn. Therefore, Kuang Shuyue thought that Luo Zheng was a coward who only knew how to run and had no ability to fight back.
Moreover, he had just used the Soul Martial Skill that he was so proud of. With his full concentration, he was determined to cut Luo Zheng's soul into pieces.
Suddenly, Luo Zheng launched a counterattack. A sharp Soul Spike pierced towards him. Caught off guard, how could he know how to dodge?
Without even blinking, Luo Zheng's Soul Spike pierced through Shuyue Kuang's soul!
"Ah!"
Shuyue Kuang let out a blood-curdling screech. The Soul Martial Skill that she had been preparing for a long time was instantly disintegrated. Luo Zheng didn't press the advantage. Instead, he distanced himself from Shuyue Kuang and continued to rush to the next oil lamp to repair his soul.
Since Shuyue Kuang's soul had been pierced, he could only find a small oil lamp to repair it. His eyes were like an angry leopard as he glared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's back was facing Shuyue Kuang. The corners of his mouth were slightly raised, revealing a meaningful smile.
Most of the martial artists in the black sphere weren't cultivating at this moment. Instead, they were squatting under the oil lamps and watching the show.
When Shuyue Kuang had used the Soul Martial Skill, these martial artists had been pointing and whispering. Basically, they all thought that Luo Zheng was going to lose. The only way left for him was to extract his soul from the black sphere.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly use a Soul Spike to turn the situation around. Not only did he escape safely, but he also dealt a fierce blow to the guy behind him.
"That brat is really calm. He didn't attack at first and waited until the guy behind him used the Soul Martial Skill to counterattack!"
"This is called planning far ahead. I feel that the guy behind him is being toyed with by that brat!"
"Actually, I think that he should treat evading the pursuit as a form of cultivation …"
"Are you kidding me? The Soul Pressure isn't enough for him to cultivate? Why does he need someone to chase after him? "
Although these martial artists didn't believe it, the more they watched, the more they understood what was going on. Luo Zheng was an abnormal monster, and he might really do this!
Shuyue Kuang's soul had a huge hole pierced by Luo Zheng. Although the pain was unbearable, under the light of the little oil lamp, the hole was quickly healed. The pain in his soul was unbearable, but what made Shuyue Kuang feel even worse was that his soul had been injured by this brat!
His soul was Shuyue Kuang's proudest possession. Years ago, when he was in the Lower Realm, the soul of that Divine Core warrior was killed by his Soul Martial Skill! How amazing was that? That incident had shaken the entire continent he was in!
But now, not only did his Soul Martial Skill not achieve any results, he was even injured by a Xiantian Realm warrior due to his carelessness.
Soul Transformation Spike? What the hell was that? It was something that couldn't be seen in public!
In the Eastern Realm, although the God Frightening Spike was a mysterious Heaven rank cultivation skill, it was classified as a Heaven rank cultivation skill because it was related to the Soul! In Shuyue Kuang's opinion, this was something that couldn't be seen in public! After all, this was the same spike. The first time it was used, it might be effective, but if it was used a second time, it would be useless.
However, in his anger, Shuyue Kuang had forgotten something. In a battle between martial artists, the outcome of the battle was usually decided in an instant. The original intention of the God Frightening Spike was to use it as a sneak attack, and he didn't plan on using it a second time. Therefore, the God Frightening Spike could be used to attack the opponent when they least expected it, and inflict severe damage to the opponent's soul. In fact, it was a very useful Soul Martial Skill.
However, in Shuyue Kuang's opinion, it was just a despicable method.
Unfortunately, he had suffered a loss because of it!
"I'm going to cut you to pieces!" Shuyue Kuang gnashed his teeth. Then, a blue light flashed on the surface of his body, and he chased after Luo Zheng again.
This time, Shuyue Kuang was on guard, and Luo Zheng's God Frightening Spike would have a hard time being effective. "Let's see how you're going to dodge my Soul Martial Skill!"
While Shuyue Kuang was repairing his soul, Luo Zheng was also seizing the time to cultivate. Now that he saw Shuyue Kuang chasing after him, Luo Zheng could only run in a second circle.
However, Shuyue Kuang seemed to have eaten some strong medicine. He immersed himself in chasing after Luo Zheng, not giving Luo Zheng a chance to catch his breath. This time, it didn't take long for him to catch up to Luo Zheng.
"Let's see how you're going to run this time! War Ghost Dual Blades! " Shuyue Kuang brandished his two blades. At the same time, he stared at Luo Zheng, on guard against Luo Zheng's Soul Spike.
However, just as his War Ghost Dual Blades were about to cut Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng smiled at Shuyue Kuang, blinked his eyes, and disappeared.
"Where, where is he?!" In his excitement, Shuyue Kuang didn't react for a moment.
"Brother Kuang! He pulled his soul back! "
"His soul left the black sphere and returned to his body!"
At this time, Shuyue Kuang was closer to his two female companions, and they reminded him.
"I know!" Shuyue Kuang roared angrily. He wasn't an idiot, so how could he not know? Soon after, Shuyue Kuang's soul also disappeared into the black sphere, and he also pulled his soul back to his body.
The moment Shuyue Kuang's soul returned to his body, he suddenly opened his eyes. He saw Luo Zheng not far away, waving his arms and stretching his neck. He immediately became angry.
With a big stride, Shuyue Kuang rushed to Luo Zheng's front. "You, go to hell!" Shuyue Kuang was about to attack.
Luo Zheng faced an extremely powerful Divine Reflection expert, and said with a smile, "Are you sure you want to attack me here?"
Shuyue Kuang's face froze. He looked at the guards standing around him, and his raised fist suddenly froze in the air.
Ever since Shuyue Kuang entered the city, he couldn't see through the strength of these guards and elders, and he couldn't understand them! But needless to say, the strength of these powerful people from the upper world must be beyond his imagination. It was definitely not a good decision to attack in front of these guards.
"Over there, private fights are forbidden in the city. Violators will be imprisoned for a thousand years!" A guard said coldly.
Shuyue Kuang loosened his fist angrily, and pointed at Luo Zheng, and said, "If you have the guts, don't enter the black sphere to cultivate for the rest of your life!" Then he returned to his position.
Facing this kind of threat, Luo Zheng's face was full of smiles. He stretched his body, and once again entered the black sphere.
He had just entered the black sphere, and stepped into the first circle of the black sphere, when Shuyue Kuang also came in from the other side of the black sphere. Luo Zheng quickly stepped into the second circle, and cultivated according to his own plan.
However, Shuyue Kuang's perseverance was really good, and it seemed that he was going all out. As long as he cultivated in the second circle, Shuyue Kuang would chase Luo Zheng to kill him.
Luo Zheng also tried his best to find opportunities to cultivate. In any case, when he couldn't avoid Shuyue Kuang's Soul Martial Skill, he would pull his soul out of the black sphere.
Kuang Shuyue's stubbornness made one's hair stand on end. He clearly couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng, but he still chased after Luo Zheng over and over again. After repeating this over ten times, Luo Zheng's soul was finally able to withstand the soul pressure of the second ring. Without any hesitation, he stepped into the third ring.
＝＝＝＝＝