The Soul Coercion of the third circle was twice as strong as that of the second circle, and four times stronger than that of the first circle!
Under this kind of Soul Coercion, Luo Zheng's soul was crushed like a rag the moment he entered the third circle.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was already prepared. When he entered the third circle, he went straight for the small oil lamp.
Shuyue Kuang was unyielding and followed closely behind Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng entered the third circle, Shuyue Kuang also followed closely behind.
However, when he entered the third circle, Shuyue Kuang's complexion suddenly changed.
Although the layer of blue light on the surface of his soul was strong, it still couldn't withstand the Soul Coercion of the third circle. As soon as Shuyue Kuang entered the third circle, the blue light on the surface of his soul instantly cracked.
Although Shuyue Kuang's soul was strong, even stronger than Luo Zheng's soul by two times, he couldn't withstand the Soul Coercion that was four times stronger. He could only endure the devastation of the Soul Coercion. He could only find a small oil lamp nearby and stick to it.
The outer circle was the largest and the inner circle was the smallest. Compared to the first circle, the circumference of the third circle was much smaller.
Therefore, in the first circle, there were 32 small oil lamps. In the second circle, there were 16 small oil lamps. In the third circle, there were 8 small oil lamps. In the fourth circle, there were 4 small oil lamps. In the fifth circle, there were 2 small oil lamps. In the sixth circle, which was very close to the evil spirit, there was only one small oil lamp!
Although Shuyue Kuang was now staring at Luo Zheng, waiting for an opportunity to act, the blue light on the surface of his soul was no longer able to withstand the Soul Coercion. This meant that he was standing on the same starting line as Luo Zheng.
When Shuyue Kuang rushed out of the small oil lamp, Luo Zheng also rushed to the next small oil lamp. Then, both of them relied on the small oil lamp to restore their souls …
In this way, the two of them circled around the small oil lamps. Shuyue Kuang couldn't close the distance between him and Luo Zheng.
Many of the warriors watching the show under the small oil lamps were speechless. Shuyue Kuang was so persistent, but Luo Zheng's progress was too fast, right? Unknowingly, he had already stepped into the third circle!
Cultivating in the black sphere would increase the strength of one's soul very quickly. As long as one could step into the sixth circle, one's soul would be considered to have stepped into the Combat Soul Realm!
There was a word "Battle" in the "War Soul Realm", which meant that one's soul could be directly used in battle. After stepping into the War Soul Realm, one's soul would be reborn! Not only were they not weak, on the contrary, their souls could be infused into their weapons to kill their enemies.
Even if it was casually imbued into the falling petals, the strength of the falling petals would be comparable to an immortal artifact or even a saint artifact! This was the strength of a Fighting Soul!
The warriors who entered the black sphere to cultivate all wanted their souls to enter the Combat Soul Realm. However, was it really that easy to enter the Combat Soul Realm? The cultivation of one's soul had nothing to do with one's cultivation. That was why many Late Divine Core Realm and even False Tribulation Realm warriors' souls were unable to touch the threshold of the Combat Soul Realm.
"Brother Kuang seems to have gone crazy. He won't be able to catch up to that brat like this!"
"Yue Kuang, why are you doing this? It's just a thankless task to keep chasing. Even if you catch up with Luo Zheng, what can you do to him?"
"Sigh … there's no other way. Brother Kuang is a proud man in the lower realm. It's understandable that he's taken things too hard after being hit by that brat. "
Even Shuyue Kuang's three companions couldn't stand it anymore. However, Shuyue Kuang's determination to kill Luo Zheng didn't diminish at all. What Shuyue Kuang didn't know was that as he continued to chase, Luo Zheng's soul was becoming stronger and stronger!
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had come out from a small oil lamp. He couldn't resist the pressure of his soul and needed to quickly enter the next lamp. However, as time passed, Luo Zheng could pass through two lamps in one breath. Then, he passed through three lamps. The distance between the two of them was getting further and further.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng had circled around and was behind Shuyue Kuang that Shuyue Kuang finally reacted. He turned around and chased after Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, almost all the warriors were amused. This Shuyue Kuang was probably fooled by Luo Zheng's teasing …
The third lap lasted for about four hours. Luo Zheng faintly smiled and stepped into the fourth lap!
The soul pressure in the fourth lap was eight times that of the first lap!
Since Luo Zheng stepped in, Shuyue Kuang also wanted to follow. But as his three companions saw that Shuyue Kuang was about to enter, they quickly stopped him, "Shuyue Kuang! What are you doing? The soul pressure in the fourth lap isn't something you can withstand! "
Shuyue Kuang was already having a hard time withstanding the soul pressure in the third lap. The blue light that he was so proud of had already lost its effect in the face of a soul pressure that was four times stronger than normal, much less a soul pressure that was eight times stronger!
Luo Zheng easily stepped into a small oil lamp, but Shuyue Kuang was in a miserable state. As soon as he stepped into the fourth lap, his soul began to disintegrate at a visible speed!
Shuyue Kuang's three companions could only worry helplessly. The three of them couldn't even enter the third lap, so how could they enter the fourth lap to save Shuyue Kuang?
They could only watch helplessly as Shuyue Kuang's soul disintegrated!
Shuyue Kuang finally woke up from the intense pain in his soul. Previously, he could be considered to have been possessed, or perhaps it could be said that he was so angry that he wanted to chase after Luo Zheng no matter what! But now, he discovered that stepping into the fourth lap was actually stepping into a hopeless situation. If he couldn't get close to the small oil lamp or return to the third lap, his soul would face the fate of disintegration! Then, his body would become a soulless shell!
In this moment of life and death, Shuyue Kuang could only activate his family's secret technique! Soul Ignition!
"Chi …"
A faint flame appeared on the surface of his soul. That was the Soul Fire!
Soul Ignition was even more serious than burning the blood essence in the body! But at this moment, Shuyue Kuang couldn't care less. The moment he ignited his soul, the Soul Fire barely blocked the soul pressure that was eight times stronger. He took advantage of this opportunity to withdraw and return to the third lap, allowing the small oil lamp to repair his soul …
Although the small oil lamp could repair Shuyue Kuang's damaged soul, it couldn't repair a soul that had been burned. It would have a great impact on Shuyue Kuang.
At this moment, Shuyue Kuang's face was ashen! Luo Zheng's small oil lamp wasn't far from Shuyue Kuang, but Shuyue Kuang couldn't withstand the soul pressure that was eight times stronger. If he tried to force his way in, his soul would disintegrate before he could even get close to the small oil lamp.
Seeing the faint smile on Luo Zheng's face, Shuyue Kuang felt a deep sense of defeat in his heart.
Previously, he had lost to Luo Zheng in terms of comprehension of the power of laws. But, soul cultivation was Shuyue Kuang's forte!
In his own domain, he had been beaten black and blue. How strong was this sense of defeat? But at this moment, besides feeling helpless, there was nothing else he could do …
After Luo Zheng entered the fourth lap, he couldn't be bothered with Shuyue Kuang anymore. Instead, he focused on tempering his soul.
In the fourth lap, he was very close to the Moonkin Evil Spirit. The Moonkin Evil Spirit's large eyes were firmly fixed on Luo Zheng. This Moonkin Evil Spirit's appearance was like a big bear. Its face was like a dragon's, but it had a bird's beak. It looked extremely vicious!
Suddenly, the Moonkin Evil Spirit opened its large beak and let out a strange cry.
"Ga!"
Following the Moonkin Evil Spirit's strange cry, black Evil Spirits appeared in the fourth lap.
These Evil Spirits weren't large, but they looked like small Moonkin Evil Spirits. They wandered back and forth in the fourth lap.
"This …" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
The fourth lap was very close to the Moonkin Evil Spirit. The soul pressure had already increased by eight times. This was already a huge test for Luo Zheng. But now, he still had to deal with these Evil Spirits?
Fortunately, these Evil Spirits didn't dare to approach the small oil lamp. As long as Luo Zheng didn't go out, he would be safe …
But as soon as Luo Zheng stepped out of the small oil lamp's range, these Evil Spirits would pounce on Luo Zheng. This was too difficult.
At this time, Qinglong, who had been silent for a long time, finally spoke.
Ever since Luo Zheng had started cultivating, Qinglong hadn't said anything. Now that he spoke, Luo Zheng didn't have a good premonition …
"Luo Zheng, after you enter the sixth floor, I'm going to devour that Moonkin Evil Spirit," Qinglong suddenly said.
"Devour that Moonkin Evil Spirit!" Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked. The Moonkin Evil Spirit's strength was unimaginable. It was already so difficult for a War Soul Realm cultivator to enter the sixth floor. Moreover, this Moonkin Evil Spirit was a Blue Soul Realm cultivator! It was a realm higher than the War Soul Realm!