Qinglong chuckled and said, "Don't worry. This Moonkin Evil Spirit has been bound by the Yin-Yang Thunder Lock and is extremely weak. It's about the same as me. You just have to think of a way to break the Yin-Yang Thunder Lock. Leave the rest to me!"
Luo Zheng said bitterly, "How can I do that? Even if you really have the ability to swallow this Moonkin Evil Spirit, how am I going to explain it if it suddenly dies? "
This Moonkin Evil Spirit with the Green Jade Fighting Soul must not have been easy to capture. If Luo Zheng swallowed it in front of everyone, he would not be able to explain it!
"I don't care. Pretend to be crazy … I'll leave it to you. Anyway, if you help me swallow this Moonkin Evil Spirit, it will be very beneficial for you," Qinglong said with a chuckle.
Very beneficial. Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat when he heard Qinglong's words. With Qinglong's experience, if he said it was good, it would definitely be good!
"What exactly is the benefit? Tell me first! "Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"A part of this Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul will be used to nourish me. I plan to use the other part to awaken my Seventh Brother. The remaining part will be used to help you plant a Soul Seed," Qinglong said calmly.
"Awaken my Seventh Brother?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
There were nine real dragons in Luo Zheng's mind. In the beginning, these nine real dragons were like dead objects. After Luo Zheng injected a lot of Heaven's Derivation Essence and swallowed the Flood Dragon Bone Spear, Qinglong slowly recovered, although the recovery speed was very slow.
As for the other eight True Dragons, they were now like dead objects. They were coiled around the walls of the huge furnace, as if they were sculptures on the walls of the furnace. There was not the slightest bit of vitality.
Luo Zheng knew that the Seventh Brother that Qinglong mentioned should be one of the dragons on the furnace wall. However, Luo Zheng did not know which one it was.
Although Qinglong had returned to the Zhenlong World, he could not show himself for some reason. Once Luo Zheng finished his training and returned to the Mortal World, it would be difficult for him to encounter such a powerful soul. Even if he did, Luo Zheng or Qinglong would be no match for it. Therefore, this was an opportunity for Qinglong.
"Seventh Brother is good at refining the body. Your body has been refined by the furnace and is now a Spiritual Weapon! If you go one step further, it will evolve into an Immortal Weapon. After you enter the Innate Secret Realm, the warm current from refining your body can only cleanse your Dantian. It's not very useful. It would be a waste if you don't use it to refine your body! "Qinglong said lightly.
In fact, what Azure Dragon wanted to say was that Luo Zheng's physique was so special that even if one searched through millions of Boundless Worlds and 100,000 Boundless Worlds, there wouldn't be a second existence like it. If Luo Zheng's body continued to strengthen like this, even Azure Dragon didn't know what would happen!
"Refining the body?" Luo Zheng nodded lightly.
It wasn't that he hadn't thought of cultivating both body and energy at the same time, but the Body Tempering Technique wasn't popular in the Eastern and Central Regions, and all the masters he had met were basically cultivating True Essence! Body Refiners, on the other hand, walked a different path, and that was to cultivate Vital Essence.
Compared to Real Vitality, Vital Spirit was better at exploding the body. It was more direct and fierce.
However, dual cultivation was destined to be an extremely difficult path. Very few humans were able to take it!
After a moment of silence, he nodded and his eyes shone brightly. Although Luo Zheng had made great progress, he was still too weak! If Luo Zheng were to face the Eastern Heretic King, Cui Xie, he would be killed in the blink of an eye!
At this thought, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly trembled. He did not even ask what the "Soul Seed" was. Instead, he chose to rush towards the small Vengeful Owls.
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng did not cultivate any Soul Martial Skills. However, the Frightening Divine Thorn was very effective. Although there were many small Vengeful Owls, their strength was not as strong as he had imagined.
After killing a few of them, he quickly retreated to the small oil lamp's range. He repeated this process repeatedly and his soul became stronger.
Many warriors looked at Luo Zheng in the Inner Circle and could only sigh. With their cultivation speed, they did not know when they would be able to enter the Inner Circle and enter the Combat Soul Realm.
However, Luo Zheng continued to enter the Inner Circle. In the blink of an eye, he had already entered the Fourth Circle. Some warriors could not help but sigh in their hearts. There was no way to compare with others.
However, after Luo Zheng entered the Fourth Circle, the strengthening of his soul slowed down. After killing for two days and two nights in the Fourth Circle, Luo Zheng retreated from the Black Sphere. After resting for a day, he entered the Black Sphere again to cultivate.
On the third day, Luo Zheng finally broke through the Fourth Circle and entered the Fifth Circle. As long as he entered the Sixth Circle, Qinglong would take action.
Luo Zheng also knew that although Qinglong made it sound easy, in fact, with Qinglong's current weak strength, it would be difficult for him to devour the Evil Owl Beast. However, both Luo Zheng and Qinglong could not ignore the huge benefits that came with devouring the Evil Owl Beast.
Just as Luo Zheng was cultivating crazily day and night, Zhao Zheng walked to the huge teleportation platform in the city and threw a Transmission Jade Pendant into it.
The True Dragon World was known as a world. The size of this world was unimaginable!
Even though the Human Clan of the Dragon Bloodline only occupied one ten-thousandth of the True Dragon World, the Transmission Jade Pendant had to travel a distance of three trillion billion miles to reach the Fire Dragon Palace where Zhao Zheng was. Therefore, it cost a lot to send a Transmission Jade Pendant. If it were not for Luo Zheng, he would never do such a thing.
Over the past few days, Zhao Zheng had specially looked through the ancient records. In the past ten thousand years, there had only been one Baptism of the Laws. That was a person called Meng Ke from eight thousand four hundred years ago. That person was now the Palace Lord of the Jade Dragon Palace.
Therefore, it could be said that Luo Zheng was a once-in-ten-thousand-years genius!
It did not mean that Luo Zheng would definitely ascend to the position of Palace Lord of the Human Clan of the Dragon Bloodline after receiving the Baptism of the Laws. After all, there were too many factors affecting a genius' growth. Luck, cultivation, epiphany, coincidence, fate …
But at least it proved that Luo Zheng had a chance.
The Fire Dragon Palace would not let such a person go.
However, Zhao Zheng did not know that as early as six hours ago, Elder Wei had also sent a Transmission Jade Pendant to the Dragon Abyss Palace which was two hundred and fifty billion miles away. After all, Elder Wei was older than Zhao Zheng. He knew that Zhao Zheng was scheming and would never give up. Therefore, he decided to take the first step and invite the elders of the palace. This way, even if they missed out on Luo Zheng, the Dragon Abyss Palace would not blame him. And if the elders sent by the Dragon Abyss Palace could not compete with the Fire Dragon Palace … it would not be Elder Wei's problem.
While Elder Wei and Zhao Zheng were waiting for reinforcements, Luo Zheng circled the Evil Spirit closer and closer to it.
How difficult was it to break through to the Combat Soul Realm? Just by looking at the warriors from the Dragon Vein Clan who had ascended, most of them were distributed in the first circle. A few of them were distributed in the second circle, and only a few of them were distributed in the third circle.
There was no one in the fourth circle. Only Luo Zheng was fighting alone in the fifth circle!
"Caw …"
The Evil Spirit in the middle of the black sphere seemed to have sensed something. Perhaps it had discovered that there was a powerful soul hidden in Luo Zheng's body.
After Luo Zheng entered the fifth circle, it kept cawing and became restless. However, the Yin Yang Lightning Lock had firmly held it in place. Other than using its soul pressure, it had no other way to deal with Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng was able to withstand the pressure, the other warriors in the black sphere had a hard time. Many of them were swayed by the waves of soul pressure released by the Evil Spirit.
"Crack …"
Under the waves of soul pressure, a crack suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's soul as soon as he walked out of the small oil lamp. After being tempered in the black sphere, his soul had become extremely sturdy. Even if it was damaged, only cracks would appear on the surface. It was unlike before, when the soul pressure could easily penetrate his soul.
In the fifth circle, Luo Zheng spent a lot of time. It took him a total of thirteen days to get used to it. At this point, Luo Zheng's soul had become extremely sturdy. Even if Shuyue Kuang were to slash at his soul with both blades, it would not be able to cause any damage.
At this time, Luo Zheng asked, "Qinglong, are you ready? I'm going to enter the sixth circle. "
Qinglong said in a serious tone, "You have to be careful after the sixth circle! The moment I break the Yin Yang Lightning Lock, I might trigger an even stronger soul pressure. "
Luo Zheng was in the form of a soul. Naturally, he did not take a deep breath. He just quietly looked at the huge Evil Spirit in front of him. Then, he rushed toward the sixth circle!
Many warriors thought that Luo Zheng was trying to break through to the War Soul Realm. However, what they did not know was that Luo Zheng was not trying to break through to the War Soul Realm. Instead, he was going straight for the Evil Spirit.
At this time, the huge teleportation array in the city lit up. A man in a large fur coat appeared from the teleportation array. His eyes seemed to be burning. After he walked out of the teleportation array, he calmly looked around.