This vice leader was called Nian Yang. He was a powerful figure in the Fire Dragon Palace, second only to the leader. His strength was unimaginably strong.
The fact that the Fire Dragon Palace was willing to send out a vice leader was enough to show how important Luo Zheng was to the Fire Dragon Palace.
Zhao Zheng was also very excited. If he could really get Luo Zheng to join the Fire Dragon Palace, it would be a great achievement for him!
"Where's the kid who's undergoing the baptism? Where is he? "Nian Yang asked indifferently when he saw Zhao Zheng.
"Vice Leader Nian, he's already undergoing elite training and is tempering his soul!" Zhao Zheng said eagerly.
"Bring me there." Nian Yang's face was expressionless, but his eyes were burning with fire.
Soon, Zhao Zheng and Nian Yang arrived at the training ground. Standing at the edge of the training ground, Nian Yang asked, "Which one is Luo Zheng?"
Zhao Zheng pointed, and Nian Yang's gaze focused on a young man with delicate features. Nian Yang sized him up. Just as Zhao Zheng had said, this young man looked very ordinary. His bone age was also very young, less than 18 years old, and he was at the peak of the Xiantian realm.
"Did he really touch those obelisks and undergo the baptism?" Nian Yang asked.
"It's true. I wouldn't dare to joke about this," Zhao Zheng said hurriedly.
"Mm, when he's done, I'll talk to him." A smile appeared on Nian Yang's face. With his status in the Fire Dragon Palace, there were probably hundreds of millions of people who wanted to join. It was too easy to rope in a little fellow who had just come up from the lower realm, and was a Xiantian lifeform at that.
However, just as Nian Yang finished speaking, the black ball that was floating not far away suddenly started to vibrate!
"Bang … Crack …"
The Yin-Yang Thunder Lock on the surface of the black ball actually started to break inch by inch!
"What's going on?" The flames in Nian Yang's eyes flickered. "Isn't this Yin-Yang Thunder Lock imprisoning an evil spirit of an owl beast? How can this be? "
Zhao Zheng also didn't expect this to happen. He looked at the changes in front of him in horror.
Just as the Thunder Lock on the surface of the black ball kept breaking, many warriors who were cultivating in the black ball pulled their souls out.
"Quick, quick, quick! Run! "
The moment those martial artists retrieved their souls, they got up and began to flee!
Seeing the shocked and terrified looks of the martial artists before him, Zhao Zheng flew over, grabbed a martial artist, and asked, "What's wrong? What happened inside? "
"I … I don't know either. That kid rushed to the side of the evil spirit! The Lightning Lock was broken! The Moonkin Evil Spirit has also come out! " The martial artist said hesitantly. He didn't know Luo Zheng's name, but he knew that Luo Zheng had left a deep impression on many martial artists when he had broken through the black sphere layer by layer.
"Who is that kid?" Nian Yang asked.
The martial artist said again, "That kid? That kid is still sitting there! "The martial artist pointed at Luo Zheng and said.
Since the Yin Yang Lightning Lock was in a state of collapse, who would want to stay in the black sphere and die? All of the martial artists, including Crazed Book and Moon, ran away, afraid that they would be killed by that terrifying Moonkin Evil Spirit!
Now, Luo Zheng was the only one sitting there, motionless. He was very conspicuous.
Nian Yang frowned. "His soul is that strong? How could he get close to that Moonkin Evil Spirit? "
Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian lifeform …
"Of course! That kid went from the outermost circle to the innermost circle in half a month. It was when he got close to the Moonkin Evil Spirit that something happened! " The martial artist realized that Nian Yang was a big shot, so he calmed down a little and didn't run away like the other martial artists.
"Vice Palace Master Nian, I'm afraid that Luo Zheng has already …" Zhao Zheng said helplessly.
Nian Yang said indifferently, "No matter how monstrous he is, he has no chance of surviving the Moonkin Evil Spirit that has broken free from the Yin Yang Lightning Lock. I came here for nothing." Nian Yang looked at the black sphere in the sky with a complicated expression. If what the martial artist said was true, Luo Zheng had entered the innermost circle in less than a month, then Luo Zheng's talent was definitely worth the Fire Dragon Palace's effort.
"It's a pity that this kid is not lucky enough to enter our Fire Dragon Palace!" Zhao Zheng said regretfully.
At this moment, a few more people flew over from the sky. Flying was forbidden in this city. Those who could fly in the sky must be of high status.
The leader was a man in silver armor. He was burly and had dragon tattoos on both sides of his shoulders. He looked like a natural warrior!
Seeing that man, Nian Yang flew up and cupped his hands. "City Master Tang Jing!"
This man was the City Master, Tang Jing. His status in the Dragon Vein was higher than Nian Yang's.
"So Vice Palace Master Nian is here too. What happened here?" Tang Jing replied indifferently. His eyes were focused on the black sphere in the square. It took a lot of effort to capture the Moonkin Evil Spirit. After all, the Moonkin Evil Spirit with the Green Jade Fighting Soul was very difficult to deal with. Moreover, it took a lot of effort to capture the Moonkin Evil Spirit and set up the Yin Yang Lightning Lock to train the martial artist's soul.
However, training one's soul was not something that could be done overnight. In fact, although it was very effective to train one's soul, one would not be able to persevere without great perseverance. It was said that one could train one's soul to the War Soul Realm after entering the Sixth Circle, but in reality, there were very few people who could do it.
"City Master Tang Jing, I've just arrived. I heard something from a martial artist. It seems that this happened after a martial artist called Luo Zheng entered the Sixth Circle," Vice Palace Master Nian said, shaking his head.
"Luo Zheng!" Elder Wei, who was behind Tang Jing, shouted.
Tang Jing turned around and asked, "What? Is there something wrong with this person? " Hearing this name, Tang Jing did not react at all, because he had never heard of it before. Although Nian Yang had said that Luo Zheng had made it to the sixth circle, every ten years, there would always be someone with great perseverance who would make it to the sixth circle. It could only mean that this person had a strong will and a deep understanding of the soul.
"Luo Zheng is the stowaway that City Master Tang Jing specially approved … And he is only at the Peak of the Xiantian Realm. His soul is still very weak. How could he enter the Sixth Circle?" Elder Wei said in surprise.
At this time, Tang Jing's expression also changed slightly. "It's him?"
Some time ago, someone had indeed presented an inscription. There was a sentence in the inscription, which was left behind by "Qing Xuan", one of the 49 True Dragons in the Zhenlong Realm.
For City Master Tang Jing and the others, the 49 True Dragons were unattainable gods! It was impossible for them to even look up to them. After all, even the masters of the Human Dragon Tribe had to rely on the 49 True Dragons!
Back in the day, the "Nine Dragons Mystery Case" had happened. Nine of the forty-nine True Dragons were removed, and the whereabouts of the nine True Dragons had remained unknown. People like Tang Jing and the others could only see through the fog, unable to understand the top-level existences of the True Dragon Realm. They only knew that the nine True Dragons had gone missing …
A few days ago, when Tang Jing saw the Godly Inscription, he was very surprised and excited! If he could establish a relationship with a big shot like "Qing Xuan", it would be the luckiest thing he had ever done in his life! However, the words of the Dragon Tribe left in the Godly Inscription poured cold water on Tang Jing.
In the Godly Inscription, Qing Xuan told Tang Jing that this person was just an outsider he met by chance in his travels. When he entered the Rising Dragon Platform and ascended in the future, he could be regarded as a human of the Dragon Tribe and be cultivated equally! At the same time, it also warned Tang Jing not to disclose this matter. Otherwise, it would only lead to a fatal disaster!
Nine of the 49 Qinglong Dragons had been removed. The mystery of the Nine Dragons was full of mysteries. It must be full of shocking conspiracies.
Seeing Qing Xuan's last warning, the excited Tang Jing trembled. If he got involved in this kind of struggle, he would not even know how he died.
Therefore, Tang Jing dealt with this matter in a very low-key way. He did not even ask for the name of the stowaway!
It was not that Tang Jing was timid. To be able to become the Lord of a city, his courage and boldness far exceeded that of ordinary people. It was just that even the strongest human of the Dragon Tribe was not willing to get involved in a struggle of this level, let alone him, a mere Lord of a city.
Who would have thought that now, it was this stowaway called Luo Zheng who got into trouble …
"Elder Wei, is Luo Zheng the martial artist from the Lower Domain who went through the baptism of the laws?" A gentle voice floated out from Elder Wei's side. Then, a woman in a red palace dress walked out from behind him. This woman in palace dress was extremely beautiful. What left the deepest impression was in the middle of her eyebrows. There was a blood-red mole, fresh and crisp like raindrops, flashing with a seductive red light.
Seeing this person, the flames in Vice Palace Lord Nian's eyes flickered slightly. A smile that was neither yin nor yang appeared on his face. "So it's the Palace Lord of the Dragon Pool Palace. Long Yang greets you …"
The Dragon Pool Palace and the Fiery Dragon Palace had always been on bad terms. The Palace Lord of the Dragon Pool Palace did not pay attention to Nian Yang at all. Instead, he headed straight for the black sphere below.
＝＝＝＝＝