Palace Lord Long Yuan dashed towards the black sphere and entered it in an instant.
The Yin Yang Lightning Lock kept exploding on the surface of the black sphere, unleashing an incredible power, but it couldn't hurt Palace Lord Long Yuan at all.
Right when Palace Lord Long Yuan entered the black sphere, her beautiful eyes widened, and she let out a soft cry of surprise.
With her cultivation, even a perfect Evil Owl Beast Evil Spirit would be helpless against her, let alone this Evil Owl Beast Evil Spirit that was already extremely weak. It wasn't even worth mentioning.
What surprised her wasn't the Moonkin Evil Spirit, but Luo Zheng's soul.
The Moonkin Evil Spirit had disappeared without a trace! Only Luo Zheng's soul was left sitting alone in the center of the black sphere.
What was going on? Why did this happen? Why did the Moonkin Evil Spirit disappear? Palace Lord Long Yuan's face was filled with confusion. She couldn't figure out what had just happened!
"Crackle … crackle …"
The remaining lightning bolts unleashed by the Yin Yang Lightning Lock were getting weaker and weaker, but the surface of Luo Zheng's soul kept twisting, and a complicated color was emitting from the surface of his soul. It looked like the color of vegetable oil sprinkled on water.
"His soul is about to break through to the Combat Soul realm!" A solemn expression emerged on Palace Lord Long Yuan's face. She had come here for Luo Zheng, and had only heard from Sect Elder Wei that he had undergone the baptism of the Heavenly Laws. She had never expected him to break through to the Combat Soul realm! Wasn't this guy a Xiantian lifeform? How could he break through to the Combat Soul realm so quickly?
In Palace Lord Long Yuan's memory, the earliest warriors she had seen who had broken through to the Combat Soul realm were Divine Core warriors, and they were warriors with incredible innate talents. Many False Tribulation warriors' souls hadn't broken through to the Combat Soul realm! Wasn't this kid a little too special?
She tilted her head and took a few steps closer to Luo Zheng. Then, she stretched out her hand, and a red pill jumped out from her wrist. The pill wasn't round, it was a strange shape formed by a cluster of objects, and it kept jumping around, as if it was alive.
The Longyuan Palace Lord gently tossed the pill into Luo Zheng's soul.
Luo Zheng was focused on breaking through, but that didn't mean that he wasn't paying attention to his surroundings. He noticed that a lady dressed in a palace dress had appeared not far away. She then took out a strange object and threw it at him. His expression changed slightly, as he was in the critical period of breaking through to the Combat Soul Realm.
"Don't worry, this pill is very precious. It's good for your soul." At this time, Qinglong's voice floated over. He had just subdued the vengeful spirit of the Owl Beast, so Qinglong was also struggling. He only reminded Luo Zheng and didn't explain further.
However, this sentence was enough for Luo Zheng to feel at ease. He allowed the pill to enter his soul.
When the pill entered Luo Zheng's soul, it was like a ball of red ink, spreading out in water. The pill quickly spread to every part of Luo Zheng's soul …
Because of this pill, the colors on the surface of Luo Zheng's body quickly became unified, and his soul continued to stabilize. When it reached a limit, it suddenly exploded with a red light!
When the red light exploded, Luo Zheng's soul quickly returned to his body, and he suddenly opened his eyes!
When a person's soul was full and powerful, the first thing that would react would be his eyes. Therefore, it was common to see people with eyes that were "bright and full of spirit" and "seemed to be blooming with light."
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, his eyes were like two stars that were slowly rising in the night sky. With just this gaze, many warriors understood that Luo Zheng had broken through to the Combat Soul Realm!
The Combat Soul was something that many warriors dreamed of!
When a soul entered the Combat Soul Realm, the entire soul would be reborn, and it would no longer be as weak as before! Not only would it not be weak, it could even attach itself to a fallen leaf, or a flying flower, and use it to fight against enemies. This was the reason why a flying flower or a fallen leaf could hurt an enemy.
Breaking through to the Combat Soul Realm wasn't an easy task.
Even for Divine Core warriors, there were only a few who could break through to the Combat Soul Realm, and turn their weak souls into Combat Souls! Even most Void Tribulation warriors couldn't break through to the Combat Soul Realm!
But, this little peak Xiantian warrior in front of them had actually broken through to the Combat Soul Realm …
Those warriors who were cultivating with Luo Zheng weren't as shocked as them. After all, they had witnessed Luo Zheng step into the inner circle from the outer circle.
But, Tang Jing, Elder Wei, Nian Yang, and a few others didn't know what was going on inside the black sphere. They just found it unbelievable that a peak Xiantian warrior could possess a Combat Soul …
"Wait, this guy's Combat Soul seems to have a special attribute, why is that?" Tang Jing stared at Luo Zheng, as if he could sense a special aura emanating from Luo Zheng's body.
Elder Wei noticed it, so he smiled and said, "If I'm not mistaken, the Palace Master should have rewarded Luo Zheng with a 'Ganoderma Soul Pill' produced by the Dragon Pool Palace."
Nian Yang responded with a smile. "The Dragon Pool Palace is quite generous. Although the Ganoderma Soul Pill is precious, it's nothing special." After saying that, Nian Yang descended from the sky and said with an indifferent tone, "Luo Zheng, if you join the Fire Dragon Palace, I can guarantee you a bright future. It will be the best decision you'll ever make in your life!"
Luo Zheng looked at Nian Yang and furrowed his brows. He couldn't see through anyone's cultivation base, but Nian Yang's tone annoyed Luo Zheng. "Who are you? Why should I join the Fire Dragon Palace? "
"Ha, it doesn't matter who I am. You only need to know that there are hundreds of billions of warriors who want to join the Fire Dragon Palace, but only one out of hundreds of millions are qualified to enter! If you join the Fire Dragon Palace, not only will your future be bright, I will also reward you with fifty drops of True Dragon Blood on behalf of the Fire Dragon Palace! " Flames danced in Nian Yang's eyes. He was very confident in his offer. A single drop of True Dragon Blood was enough to excite a warrior from the lower realm, let alone fifty drops.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Thank you!"
A smile also appeared on Nian Yang's face. His guess was right. A Xiantian Full Circle brat probably didn't have much experience. 50 drops of True Dragon Blood would probably scare him to death. But soon, Nian Yang's smile froze again.
Because Luo Zheng immediately said, "No need, I don't want to join the Fire Dragon Palace."
"Why? Is fifty drops of True Dragon Blood not enough for you? It can greatly increase the density of your bloodline! " Nian Yang said involuntarily, the flames in his eyes burning fiercely. With his status and identity, he had obviously lost his composure.
"It's not about the True Dragon Blood." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Then why?" Nian Yang asked, releasing his Qi. Nian Yang's cultivation was at a level that Luo Zheng couldn't imagine. How terrifying was the pressure he released?
If he had faced such a powerful pressure before, Luo Zheng's soul would have been damaged immediately. But at this moment, Luo Zheng, who had already stepped into the War Soul Realm, could do nothing.
"Because I don't like your tone." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he walked towards the lady who had just come out of the black sphere. Just now, when he had broken through to the War Soul Realm, the lady had helped him. Luo Zheng was a very grateful person.
"You!" Nian Yang suddenly clenched his fists. The flames in his eyes were filled with killing intent. When Luo Zheng had refused to join the Fire Dragon Palace, Nian Yang was already angry. Now, he dared to say such words in front of him!
Was this something a Xiantian lifeform dared to say?
Nian Yang's strength was terrifying! If he wanted to kill Luo Zheng, it wouldn't take him more effort than blinking his eyes! Now, he was being humiliated by this guy. How could Nian Yang bear it?
But at this moment, the Palace Master of Longyuan Palace's casual words dispelled Nian Yang's killing intent.
"Luo Zheng is right. Since I don't like you, why should I join the Fire Dragon Palace?" After saying that, the lady in the palace dress smiled.
The Palace Master of Longyuan Palace's words made Nian Yang's expression freeze …
Nian Yang was only a Vice Palace Master. In the Dragon Vein, whether it was in terms of status or strength, he was much weaker than the Palace Master of Longyuan Palace. But he didn't dare to attack in front of the Palace Master.
"Thank you, sister, for helping me when I was breaking through to the War Soul Realm!" Luo Zheng bowed and cupped his hands.
"Sister?" When the Palace Master of Longyuan Palace heard this, the smile on his face became even brighter.
"Is it wrong to call you sister? But sister, you look so young, like a girl in her late twenties. Did I call you old? You shouldn't call me sister, right? "Luo Zheng laughed.