The lifespan of a cultivator was different from that of an ordinary person.
Because of the breakthrough in cultivation, a cultivator broke through the limits of their lifespan.
It was considered a long lifespan for an ordinary person to live up to a hundred years. However, at the level of the Dragon Abyss Palace Master, her lifespan was calculated in tens of thousands of years.
The Dragon Abyss Palace Master looked like a sixteen year old girl. Even if she looked like a ten year old girl, Luo Zheng could not call her sister.
As such, Luo Zheng's words could be considered extremely rude.
The problem was that the Dragon Abyss Palace Master did not seem to care. Instead, she kept giggling. After all, the Dragon Abyss Palace Master was also a woman. As the Palace Master, she controlled the entire Dragon Abyss Palace. Who would dare to offend her?
Women … Even if they had lived for tens of thousands of years, they still could not shake off the pursuit of youth.
Therefore, in the Upper Realm, the Face Retaining Pill was a very expensive pill! The Dragon Abyss Palace Master had spent a lot to control her appearance to be sixteen or seventeen years old. Unfortunately, who would dare to praise her for being young?
Therefore, not only did Luo Zheng's words not offend her, they made her feel very happy. Women would never get tired of hearing such words. Otherwise, she would not have used the Face Retaining Pill and become a wrinkled old lady.
"Alright, you don't have to call me sister. Just call me aunt." The Dragon Abyss Palace Master waved her hand and smiled.
Luo Zheng nodded and called out, "Auntie."
The Dragon Abyss Palace Master smiled and nodded. "I heard from Elder Wei that you are willing to join our Dragon Abyss Palace?"
"Yes." Joining the Dragon Abyss Palace was something that Luo Zheng had decided to do long ago.
The Dragon Abyss Palace Master flipped her hand and a small bottle appeared in her hand. "This is twenty drops of True Dragon's Blood. You can use it to increase the density of your bloodline."
Nian Yang snorted coldly when he heard the price of 20 drops of True Dragon's Blood. It was much less than the price of 50 drops of True Dragon's Blood.
However, the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord flipped his hand again. "This is a drop of True Dragon Essence Blood. This Essence Blood is different from ordinary True Blood. It can be burned at a critical moment to save your life."
His eyes almost popped out of their sockets when he heard that the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord had rewarded Luo Zheng with a drop of True Dragon Blood Essence!
Not only that, even Tang Jing, Elder Wei, Zhao Zheng, and the others' faces turned unnatural. Looking at the true dragon blood essence in Palace Lord Long Yuan's hand, their eyes were burning with desire.
True Dragon's Blood Essence and True Dragon's Blood only sounded like a difference of one word, but there was a fundamental difference between them!
It was unknown how much blood a True Dragon had in its body. If this amount of blood flowed out, it would be enough to destroy an entire continent! That was why the Dragon Bloodline Clan would use the True Dragon's Blood as a reward. After all, the Dragon Bloodline Clan's humans needed the True Dragon's Blood Essence to increase the density of their bloodline.
However, the True Dragon's Blood Essence was extremely precious. The Dragon Bloodline Clan had 936 palaces and 1300 palaces. There were so many palaces and so many palaces. On average, in each palace, there were only a few hundred drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence. There were even some that only had a few dozen drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence in reserve.
There were countless cultivators in the palaces who were staring at the True Dragon's Blood Essence!
Even if it was the Palace Lord or the Palace Lord, if they obtained the True Dragon's Blood Essence, they would use it immediately. This was because they also needed the True Dragon's Blood Essence.
It could be said that the value of one drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence was equivalent to a thousand drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence. Moreover, no one would exchange it with you.
However, the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was willing to directly reward Luo Zheng with a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence! Wasn't this a little too generous?!
So generous that it was a little … unbelievable.
City Lord Tang Jing said with a serious expression, "Palace Lord Chi, do you really plan to reward … reward Luo Zheng with this drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence?"
The Dragon Abyss Palace Lord glanced at Tang Jing and smiled, "Why? Why not? "
Tang Jing waved his hand, "It's not that there's nothing wrong with it. It's just that … just that … isn't it too valuable?"
Actually, Tang Jing had already sensed that something was wrong. The Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was too generous. A drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence was very precious to the Dragon Abyss Palace. Why would he reward it to an ascender from the Lower Realm? Furthermore, this kid was smuggled in! Could it be related to that "Qing Xuan"? Or did the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord see through something?
However, although Tang Jing was confused, he did not ask too much. Anyway, he had received a warning from Qing Xuan that he would not interfere with Luo Zheng's matters. As for whether the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord saw through something or had any thoughts, it had nothing to do with him.
Tang Jing could guess a little, but Elder Wei, Nian Yang, Zhao Zheng and the rest could not guess it even if they were beaten to death.
They were shocked, bewildered, and unable to figure out what was going on …
Even Elder Wei was the same.
This was a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence. Back then, Elder Wei had made a great contribution to the Dragon Abyss Palace. He almost gave up his life in order to receive a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence as a reward.
However, Luo Zheng did nothing the moment he came up. Not only did he receive the Ganoderma Soul Elixir as a reward, but he also received a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence!
Other than sighing, they could only sigh. Luo Zheng's life was too good, wasn't it?
"Whether it's valuable or not depends on whether it's worth it or not." The Dragon Abyss Palace Lord stared at Luo Zheng and smiled sweetly, "Luo Zheng, am I right?"
"Yes, I think so too." Luo Zheng smiled and said.
Then, the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord threw the twenty drops of True Dragon's Blood Essence and one drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence to Luo Zheng.
"Qinglong, do you think she noticed something?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, this woman is very smart. Perhaps she noticed something when you broke through to the Combat Soul Realm. However, it's not a big problem. If she's smart enough, she won't act recklessly." Qinglong said with some difficulty. He had just fought a fierce battle with the Moonkin Evil Spirit, so he was still a little weak.
Luo Zheng didn't think that the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord would be willing to give him a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence just because of his outstanding performance. She must have noticed something, which was why she gave him a drop of Qinglong's Blood Essence.
To Luo Zheng, this was definitely a good thing. He had gotten a drop of True Dragon's Blood Essence that even Tang Jing and Nian Yang were envious of. This was a great bargain!
After Tang Jing saw Luo Zheng put away the True Dragon's Blood Essence and True Dragon's Blood Essence, he asked, "Luo Zheng, I have something to ask you."
"Please ask." Luo Zheng cupped his hands. He realized that he was in real trouble.
"When you broke through to the Combat Soul Realm, you must have been next to the Moonkin Evil Spirit. Now, the Moonkin Evil Spirit has disappeared without a trace in the Yin Yang Lightning Lock. Do you know why?" Tang Jing went straight to the point.
Obviously, Tang Jing believed that the disappearance of the Moonkin Evil Spirit had something to do with Luo Zheng.
Anyone would suspect Luo Zheng.
After all, the disappearance of the Moonkin Evil Spirit had happened at the same time as Luo Zheng had broken through to the Combat Soul Realm. However, Tang Jing couldn't understand how the Moonkin Evil Spirit had disappeared into thin air. Even if Luo Zheng had broken through to the Combat Soul Realm, he still wouldn't be a match for the Moonkin Evil Spirit. So, where did Luo Zheng hide the Moonkin Evil Spirit?
When Luo Zheng defeated Qinglong, he knew that he would be in trouble. After all, the Moonkin Evil Spirit didn't belong to him. If he had casually swallowed the Moonkin Evil Spirit, there would definitely be people who would find trouble with him.
In the end, Luo Zheng decided to use Qinglong's method, which was to play dumb and act dumb …
"I … I don't know." Luo Zheng said with a blank face, "At that time, I heard the Lightning Lock break. Then, the Moonkin Evil Spirit pounced on me. After that, I don't know what happened."
Luo Zheng was telling the truth. At that time, Luo Zheng really didn't know what had happened.
After Qinglong had quietly destroyed the Lightning Lock, the Moonkin Evil Spirit's power was not something that Luo Zheng could withstand. Even though Luo Zheng's soul was very strong at that time, he hadn't become a Combat Soul yet. How could he withstand the Moonkin Evil Spirit's direct attack? In the sixth circle, the soul pressure was thirty-two times stronger than in the first circle! Not only that, but the Lightning Lock had also been broken by Qinglong. Without its shackles, the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul pressure was even stronger.
Under such a powerful soul pressure, Luo Zheng's soul was almost annihilated. However, at that moment, Qinglong activated the mysterious furnace's multicolored light, which continuously shone on Luo Zheng! The multicolored light in the furnace was much stronger than the small oil lamp. Relying on the multicolored light, Luo Zheng was able to seize the opportunity to break through to the Combat Soul Realm.