Luo Zheng did not have a good explanation for the whereabouts of the Owl Beast evil spirit. It was an undeniable fact that such a huge Owl Beast evil spirit had disappeared from his side.
Tang Jing was considered polite. If it wasn't for Qing Xuan and the Longyuan Palace Master, he would have arrested Luo Zheng a long time ago if it was someone else who caused such trouble.
After the Lord of Longyuan Palace took out a drop of true dragon blood essence, Tang Jing understood that he could not do anything to Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng was involved in Qing Xuan and the Mystery of the Nine Dragons. Therefore, he could not wait to get rid of this matter.
However, it was troublesome to capture the Owl Beast evil spirit. He had to get some compensation from Luo Zheng. Tang Jing knew very well that it was a joke for him to ask a Connate Full Circle martial artist for compensation. His words were meant for the Lord of Longyuan Palace.
As expected, before Luo Zheng could say anything, the Dragon Abyss Palace Master took the initiative to say, "It's just an Owlbeast Evil Spirit. My Dragon Abyss Palace can still afford to compensate for this. However, City Lord Tang Jing wants me to capture an Owlbeast Evil Spirit for you?"
It was not easy to capture an Owl Beast evil spirit. After all, it was something that could only be chanced upon. Even if one was found, it would be very troublesome to capture it.
Since the Lord of Longyuan Palace had said so, Tang Jing would not really make things difficult for him. If he really angered the Lord of Longyuan Palace and forcibly took Luo Zheng away, Tang Jing would not be able to do anything …
This matter could be considered to have been settled just like that.
"Let's go!" Nian Yang waved his hand and left with Zhao Zheng. The Lord of Longyuan Palace had come and was willing to take out a drop of true dragon blood essence. What right did Nian Yang have to compete with him? Even if the Lord of Fiery Dragon Hall came personally, it would be useless. Giving a drop of true dragon blood essence to a Connate Full Circle kid? What a waste! The Lord of Longyuan Palace must have lost his mind.
Watching Nian Yang leave, the Palace Master of the Dragon Abyss Palace revealed a faint smile. He turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Your foundation is solid, but your cultivation is too low. As a city that receives the lower realms, many of the training methods here are very effective for you. I suggest that you refine the True Dragon Blood Essence here, and then come to my Dragon Abyss Palace through the transmission station."
The suggestion of the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was naturally excellent, but Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I'm afraid that's not possible. I came to the Upper World this time purely for cultivation. There are still many unfinished business in the Lower World. I'm afraid that I can't go to the Dragon Abyss Palace for the time being."
Joining the Dragon Pool Palace would only be beneficial to Luo Zheng.
In the Vast Thousand Domains where Luo Zheng was from, if one wanted to cultivate the power of laws, they would often have to rely on incomplete stone inscriptions or even comprehend it on their own.
But in the Upper World, there were complete stone inscriptions, and all sorts of cultivation methods that Luo Zheng could never imagine.
But, it was unrealistic for Luo Zheng to stay in the True Dragon Realm for now. There were still many things he needed to do in the Central Domain, and the most important thing was the first thing Luo Zheng wanted to do when he stepped onto the path of cultivation, and that was to save his sister.
Luo Yan was a Divine Reflection warrior, and he was only one realm away from the Divine Core realm. For other warriors, the gap between the Divine Reflection realm and the Divine Core realm was like a natural chasm, and they might not be able to cross it even after spending hundreds of years.
But, with Luo Yan's talent, and with Cui Xie's methods, it wasn't difficult for Luo Yan to break through to the Divine Core realm. Therefore, there wasn't much time left for Luo Zheng!
The Dragon Pool Palace Master nodded his head. "You haven't finished everything you need to do in the Lower Realm, and your heart of martial arts won't be complete. This will hinder your future cultivation." After saying that, he took out a small amulet from Luo Zheng's hand. "This amulet can save your life at a critical moment. I can't help you too much, but you still have to rely on yourself when it comes to the path of cultivation."
What the Dragon Pool Palace Master said was the same as what Qinglong was thinking.
If a family helped the younger generation too much, it would only harm the younger generation, and it would destroy their heart of martial arts, making it difficult for them to achieve great things in the future.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. He knew this very well. As the saying goes, a gentleman should never stop striving to improve himself. Relying on someone else's strength wasn't true strength. Only when one's own strength increased would others look at him seriously.
Seeing the Dragon Pool Palace Master give Luo Zheng another amulet, Tang Jing was even more certain that the Dragon Pool Palace Master had seen through something. Perhaps the Dragon Pool Palace Master also knew about the Mystery of the Nine Dragons, or perhaps, she wanted to use Luo Zheng to try her luck …
Although Tang Jing was a City Lord, he didn't dare get involved in this. As the saying goes, the reward is always proportional to the risk. This was a major event in the True Dragon Realm, and if the Dragon Pool Palace Master wanted to get a share of it, he wouldn't be envious. Therefore, he just pretended that he didn't know anything, and didn't see anything.
After the Dragon Pool Palace Master left, Luo Zheng was led by Elder Wei to the next place where he cultivated. After comprehending the Heavenly Laws and tempering his soul, the next step was to improve Luo Zheng's cultivation. Although Luo Zheng climbed up the Rising Dragon Platform and improved his cultivation to the Xiantian Full Circle, this realm was still too low.
Before going to the next place, Elder Wei gave Luo Zheng another set of equipment. This was equipment that all ordinary disciples of the Dragon Pool Palace could receive. What made Luo Zheng speechless was that this set of so-called most ordinary equipment was actually a low-grade Sage Grade sword and a low-grade Sage Grade protective armor …
Sage Grade weapons that could be fought over in the Central Domain were only the equipment of ordinary disciples here. Luo Zheng was also extremely speechless. This gap was too big.
…
…
Time passed very quickly in the Upper Realm. In the secret place of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, how fast was Luo Zheng's cultivation improving? In these two months, Luo Zheng broke through the bottleneck of the Xiantian Full Circle and finally stepped into the Divine Reflection Realm. Moreover, he broke through continuously and rushed all the way to the Third Layer of the Divine Reflection Realm!
"It's time to go back …"
Standing at the gate of the city and looking at the hundreds of thousands of transmission points that stretched as far as the eye could see, Luo Zheng's True Essence began to burn. His body rose into the air like a swallow and finally entered the transmission point from which he came.
In the transmission point, a soft light shone on Luo Zheng's body. As the light shone, Luo Zheng's flesh and blood disintegrated into the smallest particles. The white light above the transmission point lit up, and the countless particles rushed into the sky along with the light …
Tianqi City, known as the capital of commerce, was the most developed place in the Central Domain. In Tianqi City, as long as you had money, you could buy anything!
Tianqi City was able to develop to such a large scale by relying on the World Business Alliance. The headquarters of the World Business Alliance was located here.
The news that the Rising Dragon Platform had been moved to Tianqi City had already spread like wildfire.
The news of the Martial Arts Conference had also spread like wildfire in the Central Domain!
Originally, in Tianqi City, the Martial Arts Conference that was held every ten years was the focus of attention for the martial artists of the Central Domain. This was because it represented the future of the various large sects!
The current Sect Master of the Void Spirit Sect and the Void Spirit Seven had once shone in the Martial Arts Conference several decades ago! As long as one could stand at the front of the Martial Arts Conference, one would definitely be able to have a place for oneself in the Central Domain in the future!
This year's Martial Arts Conference was held in advance because of the Rising Dragon Platform. Everyone in the world understood that this year's Martial Arts Conference would be even more tragic and exciting than before!
Therefore, after the news was released three months ago, many martial artists gathered in Tianqi City from all over the world. Because of this, the restaurants and inns in Tianqi City were already overcrowded, and the prices rose even higher. Normally, a few low-grade True Essence Stones would be enough for a night's stay, but now the price had skyrocketed to dozens of low-grade True Essence Stones.
For a time, many martial artists complained, but there was nothing they could do. Since they wanted to join in the fun, they had to fork out the money!
The Rising Dragon Platform was placed in the center of Tianqi City, surrounded by layers of protection. Moreover, the Cloud Hall, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Void Spirit Sect had all sent martial artists to guard it.
In fact, in Tianqi City, the old monsters of the various large sects had already gathered here. Tianqi City also had people from the World Business Alliance, so no one would dare to rob the Rising Dragon Platform at this time. This was no different from courting death. The reason why the large sects sent people to guard it was to show that they had a share of the Rising Dragon Platform. It was just a deterrent.
Today's weather was good. After the beginning of summer, there was a rain, which poured a bucket of cold water on the hot weather.
Many martial artists were not far away, surrounding the Rising Dragon Platform and pointing at it. Although these martial artists were not qualified to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, the Rising Dragon Platform was the most important prize of the Martial Arts Conference. Even if it was just a look, it was still good!
"It's said that once you enter the Rising Dragon Platform, you can ascend to the Upper Realm! Become an immortal, become a god! This treasure … is really something that everyone wants! "
"No wonder so many large sects want to compete for this thing! If any sect wins the Rising Dragon Platform in the end, I will enter that sect even if I have to risk my life! "
"Humph, the sects participating in the Rising Dragon Platform are all sects of fourth grade and above. Not to mention that they don't have the Rising Dragon Platform, even now, do you think you are qualified to enter?"
Several martial artists were talking when suddenly, a white light appeared in the sky. That white light was like a rapidly falling meteor, shooting straight toward the top of the Rising Dragon Platform.
＝＝＝＝＝