"What is that!"
"Could it be an immortal descending to the mortal world?"
"I think so! This Rising Dragon Platform is the path to the Upper World. Gosh, we are going to see a living immortal! "
The surrounding warriors did not know what was going on.
However, the cultivators who had stayed behind to guard the place were well aware of what had happened.
Indeed, someone had returned from the Upper World. And this person was most likely the first Upper Sky life form to enter the Rising Dragon Platform.
After the Rising Dragon Platform had been moved to the Apocalyptic City, the major sects had experimented. They had sent people to climb to the sixth level through the Rising Dragon Platform and used the Travel Dragon Jade Pendant to activate the transportation circle. However, all of them had failed without exception.
After the white light of the Rising Dragon Platform had risen, the warriors who were supposed to ascend to the Upper World had been thrown out of the platform.
That Upper Sky life form had been transported to the Upper World, but none of the people behind him had been able to go up. The problem must have been with that Upper Sky life form.
To find out the cause of the problem, a few rune masters had entered the top level of the Rising Dragon Platform. In the end, they speculated that the problem must have been with the transportation rune.
Of course, the rune masters of the Central Domain could not recognize these runes. Even if they knew that something must have gone wrong with the transportation rune, they could not understand where the problem lay. Naturally, they could not do anything about it.
Because of this matter, the young master of the Ghost King Xue family and the "Ghost King" of the Xue family had been invited to the Apocalyptic City to understand the situation.
The young master of the Xue family had recalled the appearance, age, power of that Upper Sky life form …
There were too many Upper Sky life forms in the Central Domain. It was like looking for a needle in a haystack to guess the identity of this Upper Sky life form just based on his appearance and power. So, who was that Upper Sky life form? Until now, it was still a mystery.
It was also the reason why all the major sects had sent people to guard the Rising Dragon Platform. After all, that Upper Sky life form was related to the operation of the Rising Dragon Platform. His identity was extremely important!
The person sent by the Cloud Hall was one of the strongest disciples from the Elite Hall, Li Buyi, who had stepped into the Divine Illumination Stage.
After seeing the white light, Li Buyi's body moved. He jumped up with a pair of plain straw sandals and stood at the entrance of the Rising Dragon Platform.
This Xiantian lifeform was very important. He was even the key to opening the Rising Dragon Platform! If it weren't for this young man, the Rising Dragon Platform itself would have lost its meaning. A Rising Dragon Platform that could not be ascended would only serve as a secret realm for cultivation.
Although the Rising Dragon Arena was a top-notch cultivation mystic realm, its usefulness was greatly reduced. In fact, it was not even worth the efforts of the major sects to fight for it.
Li Buyi seized the opportunity and blocked the entrance of the Rising Dragon Stage. The disciples of the other major sects were not to be outdone. Basically, these disciples possessed the strength of the Divine Reflection Stage and were the most exceptional disciples of their sects. They also understood the importance of this Upper Sky living being and must bring this Upper Sky living being back to their sect!
Therefore, they were all pushing and shoving one another, almost blocking the entrance of the Rising Dragon Arena!
Looking at the gates of the Rising Dragon Arena, even this group of Divine Radiance cultivators felt a little nervous. Although the one descending from the Rising Dragon Arena could very well be that innate lifeform, it could also be a powerhouse from the upper world!
Those powerhouses from the upper world possessed unfathomable strength. They could topple mountains and overturn seas with just a wave of their hand. It was not something they could fight against.
If it was an immortal descending, it would be fine. If it were some other cruel and bloodthirsty creatures, it would be even worse. They would most likely be killed instantly …
Despite these possibilities, they still stood guard in front of the Rising Dragon Platform without hesitation. That innate being was too important. If they could bring that being back, it would be a great contribution to their sect, and the rewards they would receive would be unimaginable.
Nervousness, torment, caution …
Various expressions kept changing on the faces of Li Buyi and the others.
"There are footsteps!" Someone said.
Everyone listened carefully. Indeed, they heard a wave of steady footsteps coming from the Rising Dragon Arena. These martial artists had sharp eyes and ears. How powerful was their hearing?
"It's the footsteps of a human," someone added.
As the sound of footsteps approached, these martial artists were also extremely nervous. Even Li Buyi, who had always been calm and collected, frowned and revealed extreme caution from his eyes.
"Pa-ta!"
The door to the Rising Dragon Arena was opened.
Looking at the martial artist standing behind the door, these Divine Illumination Realm martial artists suddenly revealed a look of surprise.
How could it be a martial artist at the Divine Reflection Stage?
Previously, they had speculated countless times about the identity of this person. Most likely, the person who came down from the Rising Dragon Arena was an Upper Sky living being, an immortal, an elite warrior of the True Dragon Clan, or even some unknown powerful evil being.
However, the person who appeared before them seemed to be an ordinary human martial artist. He was only at the Divine Reflection Stage, or at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage …
What was going on?
While everyone was slightly astonished, Li Buyi's eyes were filled with shock!
His dry lips trembled and he spat out two words, "Luo Zheng …"
What was going on with Luo Zheng? Wasn't he an Upper Sky living being? Right! Could that Upper Sky living being be Luo Zheng? However, it had only been three months! After jumping an entire stage from the Upper Sky, Luo Zheng had entered the Divine Reflection Stage?
Li Buyi was an extremely calm person. Even the elders of the Cloud Hall had praised his temperament more than once! They praised Li Buyi's martial arts heart for being extremely stable. As long as he worked steadily, surely he would achieve limitless achievements in the future.
However, at this moment, under the impact of doubt, confusion, shock, and disbelief, Li Buyi's head was also in a mess!
Li Buyi was confused, and the other martial artists were also confused. However, they did not recognize Luo Zheng. Soon, they regained their senses. Regardless of who he was, he was only a disciple at the Divine Reflection Stage. They would capture him first!
Tu Jianbai of the Dark Yin Mansion was the first to make a move. As soon as he extended his hand, the bones in his entire body kept exploding like firecrackers. His five fingers also extended strangely and clawed at Luo Zheng's head like the devil's claws!
"What are you doing?" As soon as Luo Zheng pushed open the door, a group of Divine Reflection martial artists launched an attack. Luo Zheng's expression also darkened.
"What are you doing? If you don't want to die, then come with me! " Tu Jianbai gave a cold sneer. He only had the strength of the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage, how could he not capture him easily?
"Stop!" At this moment, Li Buyi finally reacted. He stomped on the ground with his straw sandals and launched an ordinary Great Ancestor Long Fist at Tu Jianbai.
The Great Ancestor's Long Fist looked ordinary and mediocre. The vast majority of martial artists had cultivated this Long Fist before.
Just like Luo Zheng's basic sword techniques, many swordsmen would cultivate basic sword techniques when they entered the sect. The same was true for the Great Ancestor's Long Fist. The basic fist technique that most martial artists cultivated was the Great Ancestor's Long Fist!
However, although the Great Ancestor's Long Fist Technique was a common technique, it depended on who was using it. Li Buyi had immersed himself in this set of ordinary fist technique for a few dozen years and had also practiced it to some extent!
"Bang!"
Just this fist had forced back Tu Jianbai of the Dark Yin Mansion!
"Li Buyi, you are courting death!" Tu Jianbai said angrily. He was the first one to make a move, yet he was forced back by Li Buyi. How could he not be angry?
Although Li Buyi had stopped Tu Jianbai, he could not stop the others.
"Ha ha, kid, I think you should come with me!" Jiang Yunfei of the Blood Wood Cliff roared with laughter. Like a pair of scissors, he also grabbed at Luo Zheng.
"Oh no!" Li Buyi's heart sank. One Tu Jianbai was already difficult to deal with, how could he stop the other martial artists?
The brown Genuine Qi from Jiang Yunfei's hands was extremely sharp. He attacked Luo Zheng's face from above and Luo Zheng's legs from below. The moves above were a feint, and the moves below were to cut off Luo Zheng's legs! He wanted to cut off Luo Zheng's legs first. This way, it would save him a lot of trouble to take away Luo Zheng!
When Luo Zheng saw that Li Buyi had stopped one of them, he was about to speak. Unexpectedly, this guy did not even give him the chance. He wanted to cut off his legs without asking any questions!
How could Luo Zheng not be angry?
"You are courting death!"
Luo Zheng clenched his hands into a fist. Like a ghost, his body floated slightly to the back. His entire body appeared like a curtain blown by the wind. With this slight movement, he had evaded Jiang Yunfei's attack.
Luo Zheng's fist shot out like lightning. Jiang Yunfei didn't even have time to react. His chest was viciously struck by Luo Zheng's fist.
"Poof!"
Jiang Yunfei, who was at his peak, was sent flying by Luo Zheng's light fist. He flew far away and smashed into the railings in the distance. Then, he crashed into those many martial artists who were visiting the Rising Dragon Stage. He only stopped after smashing into a few houses.
The cultivators who had been scrambling to catch Luo Zheng were still in the same posture as before, but at this time, they were like zombies, frozen in place and motionless.