The difference between the Peak of the Divine Reflection Stage and the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage was great.
It was the reason why they dared to rush up and try to capture Luo Zheng.
To these Divine Reflection martial artists, capturing Luo Zheng, who was at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage was like an eagle catching a little chick. It was the easiest thing to do.
Since it was so easy and they could make a contribution, of course, everyone wanted to do it.
Although that Li Buyi had gone crazy and stopped Tu Jianbai of the Dark Moon Mansion, this way, the others had a chance.
Among these people, Jiang Yunfei had moved the fastest and made the most vicious moves. He did not plan to bring back a complete person. It would be enough as long as he was alive and had a mouth to speak. As for his hands and feet, it was not important!
The instant Jiang Yunfei made his move, the others sighed inwardly. Most likely, this kid was out of luck. With his legs cut off, he would not be able to walk for the rest of his life.
In the end, in a flash, the situation had changed …
Some people didn't even see what happened before Jiang Yunfei was sent flying by a punch. He flew very high and very far away. After smashing through a few houses, Jiang Yunfei was now lying on the ground like a dead dog, motionless. Clearly, he was seriously injured. Even if he was rescued, it would probably take him more than half a year to recover.
With the start of the martial arts competition, most likely Jiang Yunfei would not be qualified to participate.
How could a few Divine Reflection martial artists dare to move when they saw this scene?
These Divine Reflection martial artists had guarded this place for many days and had secretly competed with each other. Jiang Yunfei's strength was good among them. Most likely, he could not beat Li Buyi and the others. However, it would not be a problem for him to rank third or fourth. In the end, he was sent flying by one punch from this kid at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Stage.
The shock brought by this scene had surpassed the understanding of these martial artists. How could he do this?
Li Buyi's eyes were also full of shock!
At the Cloud Hall, Li Buyi had witnessed Luo Zheng's battle. At that time, Luo Zheng had aroused a strong interest in Li Buyi. When this kid was still an Upper Sky Spiritual Being, he dared to challenge the entire Elite Hall. He was too defiant of the natural order! Because of this, Luo Zheng had incurred the wrath of the entire Elite Hall.
Later on, Li Buyi learned through his own channels that Luo Zheng's provocation was caused by the Palace Master. He did not want it to happen …
No matter how arrogant Luo Zheng was, the strength he displayed was not to be underestimated. It was one thing for a Xiantian lifeform to challenge a Divine Reflection Realm disciple. This was not something that had never happened before. But the Divine Reflection Realm disciple that Luo Zheng challenged was no ordinary Divine Reflection Realm disciple! The disciples of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall weren't ordinary Divine Reflection Realm cultivators. They were the elites of the Cloud Hall, the elites of the elites!
All of this had actually been accomplished by a Xiantian lifeform.
But in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng suddenly disappeared …
It was said that the Chief Rune Master of the Cloud Cloud Hall lost his temper and argued with the Hall Master several times. He wanted to find Luo Zheng.
Indeed, the Cloud Hall had tried to send people to search for him. In the end, they did not find him.
In the end, Li Buyi encountered Luo Zheng at the Rising Dragon Arena. And when he saw Luo Zheng again, he was already at the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Realm! And with the power of the Third Stage of the Divine Reflection Realm, he had sent Jiang Yunfei flying with one punch and severely injured him!
In these three months, what had happened to Luo Zheng? How had his strength increased by leaps and bounds? His strength had also increased as if he had been reborn! Since when did the Divine Reflection Realm become so weak? Li Buyi had the confidence to defeat Jiang Yunfei. However, he could not do what Luo Zheng had done and send Jiang Yunfei flying with one punch!
When Li Buyi was at the Elite Hall, vividly, he had felt that Luo Zheng was not a fish in a pond. Surely, he would surpass him at some point in the future. This time could be three years, or five years.
Now, Li Buyi already had the correct answer inwardly. It was not three years, nor five years, but … three months.
Even Li Buyi, who had always been calm and had a firm martial arts heart, gave a long sigh inwardly at this moment. Even his firm martial arts heart had shown signs of loosening. Indeed, Luo Zheng's performance had struck a blow to his confidence.
Luo Zheng, who had sent Li Buyi flying with one punch, still clenched his fists tightly. He glanced at the martial artists at the Divine Reflection Realm with his scorching eyes and said coldly: "Who else wants to catch me?"
A layer of sweat emerged from Tu Jianbai's back when he was stopped by Li Buyi!
Now, it seemed that Li Buyi had saved him by stopping him. If Li Buyi had not used the Great Ancestor's Long Fist to stop his attack on Luo Zheng, most likely he would be the one lying on the ground. He felt that he could not evade Luo Zheng's strange punch. What kind of move was that?
Tu Jianbai could not understand it at all!
It was normal for him to not understand. Even for an elite warrior at the Void Calamity Stage like Daoist Master Big Dream, he could only perform the Phantom Step after the space had become unstable. It was because in the Central Domain, there was no chance to comprehend the complete first stage of the space laws!
Regardless of the broken stone inscriptions in the Road of the Trial Challengers or the stone inscriptions in the Cloud Hall, they were all incomplete space laws! Daoist Master Big Dream did not even have the chance to comprehend it.
However, Luo Zheng had completely comprehended the first stage of the space laws in the Upper Bound. He had done it perfectly without missing a single detail!
This was the reason why many elite warriors in the Central Domain valued the Rising Dragon Platform so much. The training resources in the Upper Bound were much more abundant than those in the Central Domain …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, many martial artists took a step back. At this moment, they were scared. They suspected that if they made a move again, most likely they would be killed by Luo Zheng! No one was willing to joke around with their lives. Even if capturing Luo Zheng might bring benefits to the world, the prerequisite was that they had to be alive to enjoy these benefits!
"Luo Zheng, I didn't expect you to be the one who entered the Rising Dragon Platform. In these three months, the Palace Master has been looking for you all over the world." Li Buyi smiled at Luo Zheng. In any case, the Upper Sky that entered the Rising Dragon Platform was a disciple of the Cloud Hall. This was definitely a good thing for the Cloud Hall.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. He had seen Li Buyi before and knew that Li Buyi was also a disciple of the Elite Hall. "Where is this place? Why was the Rising Dragon Platform moved to this place? "
Luo Zheng did not expect that it would take him so long to enter the Rising Dragon Platform. He noticed that there were many bustling buildings around the Rising Dragon Platform. This seemed to be a big city.
Li Buyi replied, "It's a long story. Let's leave this place first. The Palace Master and the others are also in the Apocalypse City."
"Alright!" Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, he realized that although those Divine Radiant warriors had taken a step back, they didn't open up a path for him. It seemed like they were unwilling to leave. Luo Zheng's face darkened. "You guys won't shed tears until you see the coffin?"
Indeed, the warriors from the Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, Void Spirit Sect, and other Fourth Grade Sects were afraid of Luo Zheng. But, it didn't mean that they would take a step back. They could give up on capturing Luo Zheng, but it didn't mean that they would let Luo Zheng go. They couldn't bear this responsibility!
Therefore, they wanted to stall for time.
Because of the Martial Dao Competition, the old monsters from their sects were all in the Apocalypse City! Some of them had secretly burned their Sound Transmission Talismans and spread the news. As long as they could get their backing, it didn't matter how monstrous Luo Zheng was. He couldn't possibly defeat a Divine Core warrior or a False Tribulation warrior.
"Everyone, Luo Zheng is a disciple of the Cloud Hall, I advise you to step aside, or else …" Li Buyi said with a cold expression.
They didn't know that the man in the Rising Dragon Arena was Luo Zheng, but now that they knew who he was, if these guys still wanted to cause trouble, it would be the same as causing trouble for the Cloud Hall!
All those Divine Radiant warriors had vigilant looks on their faces, but they still didn't back down!
"Since you're so eager to die, I'll grant you your wish!" After finally returning to the Central Domain, as soon as he stepped out of the Rising Dragon Arena, someone was already looking for trouble with him. Luo Zheng was furious. He lifted his leg and caused a ripple in the air. Once again, Luo Zheng's figure floated out like a ghost.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng had finally stepped out of the Rising Dragon Arena. Just as he was about to find trouble with those warriors, a voice suddenly entered into Luo Zheng's ears. "What a big tone, but … you can't grant anyone your wish. At most, you can only grant yourself your wish!"