At the same time, a beautiful young woman appeared in the middle of the sky. She half curled her legs and outlined her slender and graceful curves. Like a cat, she squinted her eyes and stared at Luo Zheng with a soft gaze filled with endless provocation.
The instant Luo Zheng fixed his gaze on that beautiful young woman, he instantly felt his face and ears turn red. An irrepressible impulse emerged from his body.
"This woman, such powerful seduction techniques!" Luo Zheng frowned and his soul trembled slightly. Then, his body returned to normal and his eyes also became clear.
"Eh?" A trace of astonishment appeared on Madam Poison Blood's face. Her seduction techniques were unparalleled and especially effective on young people! Clearly, this kid was only seventeen or eighteen years old and was at the age when he first awakened to love. He was inexperienced and had weak resistance to seduction techniques. However, she only charmed Luo Zheng for less than half a breath of time and he broke her seduction technique. How was this possible?
Of course, Madam Poison Blood did not know that Luo Zheng's soul had already entered the Battle Soul Stage! How could someone with such a powerful soul be seduced by her seduction techniques?
"It's none of your business who I want to help," Luo Zheng said with a calm face.
"None of my business? The person you just injured is one of my people. You want to leave unscathed after injuring my disciple? Are you dreaming? If you like to dream so much, you can sleep with me.
Let's have a beautiful dream together. It'll be a night without a trace. I guarantee that you'll feel extremely comfortable … Hehehe! "
Hearing Madam Poison Blood's string of laughter, Luo Zheng remained indifferent. He could imagine that this woman practiced seduction techniques. Certainly, it was some kind of evil technique that absorbed the yang energy to supplement the yin energy. Leaving no trace with her? Most likely, he would not even know how he died after being sucked dry by her!
However, how powerful were Madam Poison Blood's seduction techniques? Her string of laughter was also a seduction technique. Under waves of soft teasing, even Li Buyi's blood was not flowing smoothly, not to mention other people.
Especially those martial artists who were watching from the surroundings! The strength of these cultivators was low, and at this moment, their faces were flushed red, and they were delirious. Their eyes were blurred as they stared at the beautiful young woman in the air, all of them in a daze.
Luo Zheng stared at Madam Poison Blood and suddenly smiled, "One smile can topple a city, another smile can topple a country. You are very beautiful and very attractive, but …"
Madam Poison Blood's body trembled. "This servant is also very happy to be praised like this. If Young Hero comes to my tent, this servant will naturally serve you well and make Young Hero feel that his life has not been in vain."
"But … I'm sorry, I'm not interested in old women," Luo Zheng said.
Madam Poison Blood originally had an extremely seductive expression, but upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, her expression suddenly stiffened. Her beautiful face slowly began to distort, and layers of killing intent erupted from her body. A moment ago, she was a butterfly, but now, she was like a scorpion!
"A junior in the Divine Reflection Realm is already giving you enough face by being amiable to you. You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit! You are looking for death! " Being the leader of the Blood Wood Cliff, she was one of the top elite warriors in the Central Domain. Today, she was humiliated by a junior at the Divine Reflection Realm. One could imagine her anger!
As that surging killing intent enveloped him, Li Buyi's expression changed drastically! This Madam Poison Blood was an elite warrior at the Void Calamity Stage, how could he and Luo Zheng deal with her?
One must say that on this point, Li Buyi was somewhat inflexible. When the people of the Dark Yin Mansion, Blood Wood Cliff, and the Void Spirit Sect discovered Luo Zheng, they all secretly burned their communication talisman. However, Li Buyi did not do so.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was not that inflexible. A moment ago, he had secretly activated the communication talisman and he believed that Little Butterfly should be rushing over.
Even if this Madam Poison Blood wanted to launch an attack, Luo Zheng had the Rising Dragon Stage behind him. Perhaps, he would need to ascend again and lure this Madam Poison Blood into the True Dragon Territory! This Madam Poison Blood was not from the Dragon Bloodline, and she didn't have the bloodline of the True Dragon in her body. Then, he would let her have a taste of being imprisoned for a thousand years.
Besides, he still had a protective talisman given to him by the Dragon Pool Palace Lord. Of course, if it wasn't a critical situation, Luo Zheng didn't plan to use this talisman.
Seeing that Madam Poison Blood was about to make her move, Luo Zheng focused all his attention! With Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he were to face a Divine Core warrior, it would still be a great challenge. He had to be extra careful when facing a Void Calamity Stage warrior! As soon as Madam Poison Blood made her move, he would immediately retreat back to the Rising Dragon Stage.
Right at this moment, an old man dressed in black and wearing a mask appeared in the middle of the sky. "Madam Poison Blood, you can kill this kid, but you have to wait until I get to the bottom of this!"
"Black Crow, you want to get involved again?" Madam Poison Blood's face darkened.
The masked Black Crow chuckled, "It's not that I want to get involved, but since this kid is so important, I'm afraid he still has the method to ascend through the Rising Dragon Stage! Why don't you tell me? "
"This kid is my prey!" Madam Poison Blood said with a cold voice.
Black Crow didn't want to follow this rule, he only said, "He belongs to whoever catches him. Does that kid have the words' Madam Poison Blood 'written on his face? He's not from the Blood Wood Cliff! " After saying that, Black Crow turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Kid, I advise you to come with me obediently, and hand over the secret of the Rising Dragon Stage. If you do that, I'll let you die a less painful death. Or else, you'll experience a pain that you'll never forget for the rest of your life, and you'll regret being born into this world!"
Another Void Calamity Stage warrior!
Li Buyi's expression became uglier and uglier. Only now did he remember that he had to inform the Palace Lord as soon as possible. However, before he could take out his message talisman, Luo Zheng had already said, "I've already sent the message."
Although Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Luo Zheng had a message talisman that allowed him to communicate with Little Butterfly. As long as he activated it, his voice would be transmitted to Little Butterfly.
"En." Li Buyi finally calmed down. He had no choice, he was only at the Peak Divine Reflection realm, and he hadn't even stepped into the Divine Core realm. How could he be a match for these Void Calamity Stage old monsters? At this moment, he had no choice but to ask the Palace Lord for help. But, if the Sect Lords of the Blood Wood Cliff and Black Mountain Sect were to attack him now, what should he do?
Just as Li Buyi was feeling anxious, a clear and crisp voice sounded out. The voice was as cold as ice, clear and loud, yet cold and ethereal.
"Regret? Do you think it's so easy for a disciple of the Cloud Hall to regret? "
Sparkling and translucent snowflakes were falling from the sky, and an invisible chill was quietly reverberating in the air. Little Butterfly bent down and slowly landed on the side of the Rising Dragon Stage. Her eyes were light and cold, and when she stared at Black Crow and Madam Poison Blood, her eyes were filled with killing intent.
During these three months, Little Butterfly's strength had improved again! Her cultivation had almost fully recovered. Three months ago, she was still at the Late Divine Core realm, but now, she had reached the Void Calamity realm. Because she was already a Void Calamity warrior, there was no problem for her to break through.
"Ning Yudie, do you think I'm afraid of you after you've recovered to the Void Calamity realm? With your current strength, I'm afraid you're still no match for me. "Black Crow said with a cold voice when he saw Little Butterfly.
So, Little Butterfly's full name was Ning Yudie. Luo Zheng nodded silently in his mind, remembering this name.
Ning Yudie sneered, "Indeed, I'm still quite far away from the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra, and my cultivation hasn't fully recovered. You're not afraid of me, but … are you afraid of my master?"
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow's expressions immediately changed.
Although Madam Poison Blood, Black Crow, and Ning Yudie were all leaders of Fourth Grade Sects, the Black Mountain Sect and Blood Wood Cliff were only ordinary Fourth Grade Sects, while the Cloud Hall was a top Fourth Grade Sect!
There was still a certain gap between the top and the ordinary.
The reason why the Cloud Hall could become a top Fourth Grade Sect was not because of Ning Yudie, but because of Ning Yudie's master! However, her master had retired and had been living in seclusion. He rarely participated in the affairs of the Cloud Hall, so the position of Hall Master was handed over to Ning Yudie.
If Ning Yudie's Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra was truly completed, she could lead the Cloud Hall to become a Fifth Grade Sect, making the Cloud Hall the second Fifth Grade Sect in the Central Domain!
Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow might not be afraid of Ning Yudie, but they were afraid of Ning Yudie's master.
"Even if your master is here, Luo Zheng can't leave. His matter is of great importance and involves the operation of the Rising Dragon Platform, so he must hand over the secrets of the Rising Dragon Platform!" This time, it was the people of the Void Spirit Sect who spoke. The Void Spirit Seven walked over, and the person in the lead spoke to Ning Yudie as he walked.
As soon as the people of the Void Spirit Sect arrived, Ning Yudie's forehead creased into a frown.
＝＝＝＝＝