Madam Poison Blood of the Blood Wood Cliff and Hei Ya of the Black Mountain Sect were easy to deal with. Although they were also fourth-grade sects like the Cloud Hall, there was still a certain gap between their true strength and the Cloud Hall, which was at the peak of fourth-grade sects.
But the Void Spirit Sect was different. It was a genuine fifth-grade sect. If the World Business Alliance was not included, the Void Spirit Sect could be said to be the biggest force in the Central Domain.
Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow smiled when the Void Spirit Seven arrived.
The ownership of the Rising Dragon Platform was decided by the Martial Arts Competition. Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, Mysterious Yin Mansion, and even some independent warriors had a chance to obtain it.
The key problem was not the Rising Dragon Platform, because it had been previously discovered that the runes on the Rising Dragon Platform had been modified, and Luo Zheng was the only person who had ascended through the Rising Dragon Platform! Therefore, the focus at this time shifted from the Rising Dragon Platform to Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng did not reveal the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform, it would be useless even if these powerhouses obtained it. Their biggest goal was to ascend to the upper world. As for the Rising Dragon Platform's function for cultivation, that was secondary.
No one would have thought that the connate lifeform who entered the Rising Dragon Platform was actually a disciple of the Cloud Hall. The most important thing at this time was to keep Luo Zheng here!
Blood Wood Cliff did not have this ability, nor did Black Mountain Sect, but the Void Spirit Sect did.
In the world of martial artists, it was the strong who had the final say. What rules? What principles? Only when spoken by the strong would they have any power.
Therefore, Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow were somewhat gloating at this moment. As a fifth-grade sect, the Void Spirit Sect was much stronger than the Cloud Hall. Just the Void Spirit Seven alone would be difficult for the Cloud Hall to deal with! Moreover, there were two old monsters in the Void Spirit Sect! They were not weaker than Ning Yudie's master in the slightest!
They wanted to see how Ning Yudie would deal with it.
The "Chuan" character on Ning Yudie's forehead slowly dissolved. Her eyes were like a deep sea of ice, with endless snowflakes dancing within.
"Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Hall. Putting aside his relationship with the Rising Dragon Platform, the fact that he is a disciple of my Cloud Hall means that I have the obligation to protect him. Whether it's your Blood Wood Cliff, the Black Mountain Sect, or the Void Spirit Sect, if you want to use your power to oppress me and force me, Ning Yudie, to submit, then you are gravely mistaken …"
At this moment, Ning Yudie's voice was cold and ethereal. Her beautiful face, which was covered in a layer of frost, revealed a calm expression of rejection.
"Ga —"
A phoenix cry came from the sky. The small and delicate ice phoenix was now more than three meters long, and its body made of ice crystals bloomed with a dreamy luster.
As soon as the ice phoenix appeared, it directly dived towards Ning Yudie!
Ning Yudie slightly raised her head, and then she was enveloped by the endless icy light released by the ice phoenix. Within the icy light, Ning Yudie's petite and firm body was faintly discernible. Then, little bits of ice crystals continuously surrounded Ning Yudie and began to condense.
Pieces of ice crystal armor continuously formed around Ning Yudie's petite body, perfectly outlining her almost perfect figure and giving her the strongest protection at the same time.
As the icy light dissipated bit by bit, Ning Yudie's head, chest, waist, and legs slowly appeared from the icy light. The remaining icy light also spread along her back, forming long phoenix feathers.
Ning Yudie blinked her eyes, and a layer of ice crystals hung on her dense eyelashes. She slightly raised her hand, and an azure ice halberd appeared in her hand.
This ice halberd was nine feet and nine inches long, almost twice as long as Ning Yudie's body!
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. Last time on the Trial Taker's Road, he had not seen Ning Yudie use this ice halberd. He really could not imagine that such a petite woman could use this kind of weapon!
Was this Ning Yudie's real combat form? Luo Zheng faintly thought.
Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow both had dignified expressions on their faces. They originally thought that Ning Yudie would obediently submit to the Void Spirit Seven. After all, it was very difficult for the Cloud Hall to compete with the Void Spirit Sect, and it was very unwise!
But Ning Yudie seemed like she wanted to attack him without saying a word! Was this woman crazy?
The Seven Voidspirit Masters didn't have much expression on their faces, but the seven of them moved a few steps. The seven of them each took a special position and set up a mysterious formation. At the same time, they pulled out the longswords in their hands.
The leader of the Void Spirit Seven gently held his long sword horizontally. "Ning Yudie, do you want to start a Sect War with the Void Spirit Sect?"
"I have no intention of starting a Sect War with any Sect, but Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Hall. I must protect this person!" Ning Yudie said lightly.
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng was very moved. At the same time, he already had a plan. Since she was so considerate of him, Luo Zheng would not really drag the Cloud Hall into the quagmire of a Sect War. This matter still needed to be solved by him!
"The Cloud Hall has developed at an astonishing speed in recent years. If it hides for another ten years, it may really jump into the ranks of a fifth-grade Sect," the leader of the Void Spirit Seven said. "However … Ning Yudie, you are still too confident, or rather, you don't know how to hide your strength and bide your time. If you fight against our Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall will pay a shocking price!"
"So what? My Cloud Hall may not be the opponent of your Void Spirit Sect, but if you swallow my Cloud Hall, I'm afraid most of your Void Spirit Sect's teeth will be broken. Let me ask you, we are not the only two Sects in the Central Domain. I wonder if other Sects will take advantage of your misfortune to loot your Void Spirit Sect? "Ning Yudie sneered.
The Central Domain now maintained a delicate balance because no one had the confidence to destroy the other! Even if the Void Spirit Sect could really destroy the Cloud Hall, they would probably suffer a considerable loss. At that time, the heavily damaged Void Spirit Sect would very likely become the target of other fourth-grade Sects. The final result would probably be worse than the Cloud Hall.
"Ning Yudie, you think too highly of your Cloud Hall. If the Void Spirit Sect takes action, why would my Blood Wood Cliff take advantage of your misfortune?" Madam Poison Blood took the opportunity to say.
Black Crow also said, "That's right! My Black Mountain Sect will also fully support the Void Spirit Sect! We will definitely not take advantage of your misfortune! "
The Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect certainly did not believe the words of the two Sect Masters. Only interests could connect martial artists. In front of huge interests, the promises of Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow had no credibility at all!
Therefore, Yun Luo's words made the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect show a trace of fear on their faces. The seven of them quickly communicated with each other using True Essence Sound Transmission, and then the trace of fear disappeared. The leader of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect shook his head and said with a faint smile, "The fate of our Void Spirit Sect does not need your Cloud Hall people to care about! No matter who this kid belongs to, he is destined to not leave! "
After saying that, a light appeared under the feet of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect. The light immediately connected the seven of them, forming the shape of the Big Dipper. Then the seven of them raised their hands at the same time. The same action, the same appearance, and the same expression. At this moment, it was as if they were not seven people, but one person!
This battle of great importance was almost on the verge of breaking out! Not to mention the outcome of this battle, once it started, it meant that the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect had started a Sect War!
Ning Yudie did not retreat at all. She pointed the Mystic Ice Halberd into the distance, and streaks of ice light began to condense.
At this moment, three fat men walked out from not far away.
These three fat men didn't fly. Instead, they ran along a road in Apocalypse City. They were panting from running.
The three fat men were very fat, with round heads and big bellies, making them look very funny. In addition, they were wearing coats with copper coin patterns, making them look like three rich men.
The common characteristic of the three fat men was that they were extremely fat, but no one would confuse them because they looked too unique.
The leader was charmingly naive and looked like a very weak fat man. His skin was white and tender, and he was very cute.
The second person was dark-skinned, and he was a dark-skinned fat man. His fat face was ferocious. If he had a pair of fangs, he would probably be a fierce wild boar!
The third fat man had a rosy face and a kind expression, like a Maitreya Buddha, with a spring breeze smile on his face.
"Huff, huff …"
The three fat men ran to the Rising Dragon Platform, and they were so tired that they leaned forward and backward, as if the fat on their bodies was their biggest burden.
After the charmingly naive fat man panted a few times, he held his waist and said, "Stop, stop …"