After the charmingly naive fatty shouted "stop", the Seven Void Spirits actually stopped. Their swords fell, and the starlight sank. The light connecting the seven of them was also cut off.
Ning Yudie also placed the Profound Ice Halberd behind her. She sat on the Profound Ice Halberd, her jade-like legs slightly curled up, and the phoenix feathers behind her drooped down like a beautiful curtain.
Although these three fatties looked like ordinary people, they were still panting after running all the way. They were even worse than the most ordinary cultivators. It was simply inconceivable. However, none of the Sect Masters present dared to look down on the three of them.
The charmingly naïve fatty was called Shi Kefan, the fierce-looking fatty was called Yan Yueshan, and the rosy-faced fatty was called Mo Haishan.
These three fatties were the three leaders of the World Business Alliance!
The World Business Alliance was not a Sect. In the beginning, it was just an organization formed by a group of businessmen. However, this group of businessmen controlled 70% of the True Origin Stone mines in the Central Domain and 80% of the economic lifeline of the Central Domain!
Therefore, there had always been a rumor among the people that the World Business Alliance was the biggest force in the Central Domain! If one really wanted to give the World Business Alliance a rank, then the World Business Alliance was a large Sect comparable to a Rank 6 Sect! It could be called a Holy Land!
A Holy Land was a place where cultivators went to make pilgrimage.
In this vast world, a Rank 6 Sect was qualified to be called a Holy Land!
The rumors among the people could not be trusted, but they could not be disbelieved. Regardless of whether the World Business Alliance had the strength comparable to a Holy Land, there was no doubt that it was powerful. At the same time, it was very low-key, so low-key that it was difficult for people to detect it. This was very terrifying.
For example, the three fatties in front of them were all old monsters in the False Tribulation Realm. They looked rustic and weak, as if they were masters that anyone could bully. No aura could be felt from them.
However, no one dared to look down on them! Whether it was the Cloud Hall or the Void Spirit Sect …
In fact, ever since Ning Yudie appeared, the Rising Dragon Arena had become the focal point of Heavenly Awakening City.
The two old monsters of the Void Spirit Sect, Ning Yudie's master, and many other sects, as well as powerful independent martial artists, were all silently watching.
Although Heavenly Awakening City was huge, it was only a blink of an eye for those old monsters. But at the moment, he doesn't.
The chubby Shi Kefan cupped his fists towards the Seven Void Spirit Masters before cupping his fists towards Ning Yudie. His chubby face was filled with a flattering smile as he said, "Everyone, since you have come from afar, you are my guests. It is not good for you to come to my Heavenly Awakening City and fight. If you have anything to say, please sit down and discuss it!"
Ning Yudie looked at Shi Kefan and shook her head. "Alliance Master Shi, Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Cloud Hall. It's only right for me to take him away."
"So what if he's a disciple of your Cloud Hall? If that kid refuses to reveal the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena, there's no point in holding this Martial Arts Conference in Heavenly Awakening City! What's the use of a Rising Dragon Arena that can't be ascended? "Madam Poison Blood interjected at this time.
The leader of the Seven Void Spirits nodded. "Madam Poison Blood is right. In my opinion, Luo Zheng is not only a disciple of the Cloud Hall, but also the only person who has ascended through the Rising Dragon Arena. He holds the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena. He is the key to the Rising Dragon Arena!"
Shi Kefan said with a smile, "You're right. Many sects want to compete for the Rising Dragon Arena. Their purpose is to rely on the Rising Dragon Arena to ascend to the Upper Realm. If they can't solve the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena, it's useless even if they win it in the Martial Arts Conference!" With that, Shi Kefan looked at Luo Zheng again. "In that case, if Luo Zheng reveals the secret, everyone will be happy."
Everyone's eyes once again focused on Luo Zheng.
From the standpoint of the World Business Alliance, Shi Kefan's choice was understandable. The Martial Arts Conference was held by the World Business Alliance, and the Rising Dragon Arena was sent over after discussion by the Sect Masters. To some extent, the World Business Alliance did have the obligation to ensure the normal operation of the Rising Dragon Arena.
Luo Zheng blinked and was about to speak.
However, Ning Yudie's stubbornness was completely unleashed. Her figure flashed and she stood in front of Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, don't tell them!"
"But …" Although Luo Zheng was only a small disciple of the Cloud Hall, he understood the situation in front of him. Now, even the three leaders of the World Business Alliance had come out. Although the charmingly naive fatty's words were pleasant to hear, they were actually forcing him to tell the truth. Luo Zheng probably had no choice but to say it.
The Cloud Hall was powerful, but the Void Spirit Sect alone was enough to deal with the Cloud Hall. Coupled with the World Business Alliance, if Luo Zheng did not reveal the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena today, the entire Cloud Hall would be in considerable trouble in the worst-case scenario.
Besides … the truth was so cruel that it was no big deal to reveal it.
"I told you not to say it, so don't say it. No buts!" Ning Yudie scolded Luo Zheng fiercely.
"Ning Yudie, do you really think that a single Cloud Hall can fight against so many sects?" Madam Poison Blood sneered.
Black Crow also threatened, "Don't be stubborn. Do you want to drag the Cloud Hall into an irrecoverable situation?"
Now that even the World Business Alliance was on their side, Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow no longer had the slightest scruple. It was an undisguised threat.
Ning Yudie's face was full of unwillingness. She bit her lips with her two white teeth, looking very distressed!
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly tugged at Ning Yudie's clothes. Ning Yudie looked back and saw a faint smile on Luo Zheng's face. There was a hint of slyness in that smile. This slyness only lasted for a very short time, but Ning Yudie was still sharp enough to catch it.
"What is this kid trying to do?" Ning Yudie was a little puzzled.
"Don't be so stubborn like a child. Let me explain …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
"What do you mean like a child?!" Ning Yudie said angrily. She was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall! She had hidden her identity on the path of the Trial Takers. Even if Luo Zheng was disrespectful to her, she could tolerate it. But now, he dared to speak to her in such a way in front of so many people.
Luo Zheng ignored Ning Yudie's emotions and instead said to the crowd, "Sect Masters, in fact, if you had asked me the same question as Union Master Shi, I would have said the same thing. In fact … the Rising Dragon Arena has returned to normal."
"What? The Rising Dragon Platform can be ascended? "Madam Poison Blood glanced at the Rising Dragon Platform not far away.
"What do you mean? Tell me clearly, why did the Rising Dragon Platform return to normal? "Black Crow asked again.
Even Ning Yudie stared at Luo Zheng with her eyes wide open. She had no idea what Luo Zheng was trying to do. She had spent a lot of effort to help Luo Zheng withstand the pressure, but in the end, Luo Zheng had told her the truth. What was he trying to do?
With Ning Yudie's understanding of Luo Zheng, he would never do something like this. There must be something she didn't know about!
With a serious expression, Shi Kefan said, "Luo Zheng, can you explain it clearly? The Rising Dragon Platform can't be ascended before this, why did it return to normal now? "
"That day, I was being hunted down by that Divine Core young lord, and I had no choice but to modify the runes on the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Platform. That's why the people behind me can't ascend anymore. Just now, I've modified the runes." Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Modified the runes? Hmph, you're just talking nonsense! The runes on the sixth level of the Rising Dragon Platform are extremely profound, even the best runemaster in the Central Domain can't modify them. Can you really do that? "Black Crow sneered. Previously, the few big sects had speculated that the problem was related to the runes on the sixth level, and that's why they had sent the best runemasters in the Central Domain to investigate it. But, they found nothing, as the runes were too profound, and it was impossible for any runemasters in the Central Domain to modify them!
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, then he turned to Shi Kefan and said, "I don't know if the World Business Alliance's sub-alliance in Cloud Sea City has sent any information about me, but if it has, I'm sure Chief Shi already knows about my level in runes."
Luo Zheng's words came out of nowhere, but everyone was still looking at Shi Kefan.
Shi Kefan opened his eyes wide, then he shook his round head. Suddenly, he slapped his own head and said, "Luo Zheng? Luo Zheng! I almost forgot about this! "
A few months ago, the Chief of the World Business Alliance's sub-alliance in Cloud Sea City, Mo Yuezhang, had indeed sent this information to the World Business Alliance. A runemaster with perfect runes was definitely someone the World Business Alliance would pay close attention to. But, Shi Kefan didn't connect this Luo Zheng in front of him with that runemaster Luo Zheng.
Now that he heard Luo Zheng say it himself, Shi Kefan couldn't help but remember. With a smile on his face, Shi Kefan nodded his head at the few Void Tribulation warriors and said, "Luo Zheng is right, if we're talking about runes, in the Central Domain, perhaps only Feng Guanyu is a match for Luo Zheng!"