In fact, what Shi Kefan wanted to say was that with Luo Zheng's growth, even Feng Guanyu would be far inferior to him. After all, Luo Zheng had perfect brushstrokes at such a young age! Moreover, Shi Kefan had carefully studied the runes presented by Mo Yue Zhang. The "perfect brushstrokes" were not the only highlight of the meditation runes. The new structure of the runes was amazing! It was impossible for a teenager to draw them, but Mo Yue Zhang would not joke about such things. Shi Kefan had to believe it.
"Alliance Master Shi, are you here to deceive us with Luo Zheng?" Madam Poison Blood's face was full of disbelief.
Black Crow also shook his head. If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would have found it hard to believe Shi Kefan's evaluation. Comparable to Feng Guanyu? What did that mean?
Feng Guanyu's rune attainments had long been deeply rooted in people's hearts. It belonged to a level that no one had ever achieved before. How could Luo Zheng in front of them? How could he be compared to Feng Guanyu?
"Why would my big brother deceive you? It's up to you to believe it or not! "Yan Yueshan, with a fierce face, suddenly said.
Not only were the three fat men powerful, but their tempers were also completely different. Shi Kefan was tactful and experienced, while Yan Yueshan was hot-tempered.
"Second Brother, don't be impatient." Shi Kefan shook his head and said, "If you don't believe me, I can bring the runes drawn by Luo Zheng. You will understand after you take a look! He is the second runemaster in the Central Domain to have perfect brushstrokes! "
Just as Shi Kefan was about to send someone to bring Luo Zheng's "masterpiece", Luo Zheng was speechless. The intelligence of this group of False Tribulation experts was really a bit … He suddenly said, "Is there a need to go through so much trouble? I have already told you that the Rising Dragon Platform has returned to normal. Can't you just send someone to the Rising Dragon Platform? "
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, these False Tribulation experts all fell silent …
In fact, these False Tribulation experts were naturally not that stupid. The main reason was that they were completely immersed in the shock brought by Shi Kefan's words. A runemaster comparable to Feng Guanyu! They really wanted to see Luo Zheng's masterpiece, to see if it was really as amazing as Shi Kefan had said!
After being reminded by Luo Zheng, they finally remembered what they were here for today!
"That's right, arrange for someone to ascend to the Ascend to the Immortal realm! Xuan An, you go and try it! " Hei Ya was the first to speak. He then threw a piece of Dragon Jade Pendant in his hand to a warrior from the Black Mountain Sect.
Xuan's to to the Rising Dragon platform, Xuan to the Rising Platform to the Rising Ascento the To the Rising to to the Rising to the To the Rising to the To.
To the Ascension to the Ascending to the Immortal realm, to the end, to the was, to enter to enter the this was to the end, to the was to enter, to, to the, it was to the, to enter, to the was to the ascending. to the Ascento the the the the immortal mortal mortal mortal mortal realm???
Luto the the the To enter the The Was to enter the to To the the the To To the To 'Rising to the the To the To the To enter the platform
When the others saw Xuan An enter the Rising Dragon Platform, all of them had envious expressions on their faces. If what Luo Zheng said was true, it would indeed be a great benefit to Xuan An.
Xuan An needed some time to break through from the first level to the sixth level, so all the warriors were waiting quietly in front of the Rising Dragon Platform.
About half an hour later, Xuan An finally passed all the tests and arrived at the top of the Rising Dragon Platform.
"Buzz!"
Not long after that, the top of the Rising Dragon Platform lit up with a bright white light.
Right at this moment, all the mighty warriors in Heavenly Awakening City had their eyes fixed on the platform. Even those old monsters who had yet to show their faces were paying full attention to the platform.
"Swoosh!"
A bright white light rose up from the Rising Dragon Platform, then it shot up into the sky and disappeared into the nine heavens!
"He did it?"
All the Sect Chiefs had excited expressions on their faces. After entering the Rising Dragon Platform, Xuan An had indeed ascended to the Immortal realm. What Luo Zheng said was true.
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie's expression became more and more strange. She felt that something was wrong. Was Luo Zheng really that good? Was he really willing to repair the runes on the sixth level? Was there some kind of trap?
If Ning Yudie could think of this, the other Sect Chiefs could not. After Xuan An used the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend, a jade tablet appeared in Hei Ya's hand. "This is Xuan An's life jade tablet. If Xuan An dies, this life jade tablet will shatter."
After saying that, Hei Ya casually threw the life jade tablet to the top of the Rising Dragon Platform, where it spun. It might take some time to test whether Xuan An was safe or not, but they did not know that it would take a very, very long time. It was very likely that Xuan An would not be able to return for the rest of his life.
Since it was proven that the Rising Dragon Platform had been restored to normal, the False Tribulation Realm warriors were no longer in a hurry. They had plenty of time to test whether the Rising Dragon Platform was safe or not.
In fact, these False Tribulation Realm warriors were not in a hurry to ascend to the Upper World. They wanted to take the Rising Dragon Platform for themselves and leave a way out for themselves.
The stronger a warrior was, the more afraid they were of death. Although the lifespan of a False Tribulation Realm warrior was long, there would eventually be an end. Time was an incomparably sharp knife, always able to give a fatal blow at the end of their life.
Therefore, many False Tribulation Realm warriors would go to some extremely dangerous places to look for treasures that could prolong their lifespan when their lifespan was about to end. Some would even risk their lives to go to Divine Kingdoms to gain experience.
If they really could not make a breakthrough in their cultivation in the future, they could pin their hopes on the Upper World and seek an opportunity to break through! This was the plan of many False Tribulation Realm warriors.
"Can I leave now?" Luo Zheng asked Shi Kefan.
Shi Kefan nodded and said, "Since the problem of the Rising Dragon Platform has been satisfactorily solved, no one in Tianqi City can make things difficult for you!"
The False Tribulation Realm warriors did not pay attention to Luo Zheng. In fact, with their status, coming out to make things difficult for a Divine Reflection Realm junior was indeed not a glorious thing. However, the Rising Dragon Platform involved too many people, so they had no choice but to do so.
Ning Yudie coldly glared at Luo Zheng, snorted, and then flew away.
Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile, and at the same time, he followed.
"Why do you want to fix the Rising Dragon Platform?" Ning Yudie used True Essence Sound Transmission to send a cold voice into Luo Zheng's ears, like a cold wind blowing into his ears.
Luo Zheng chuckled and said with True Essence Sound Transmission, "Because I want to use it to trick people!"
"Trick people?" Ning Yudie's face showed a trace of surprise. She knew Luo Zheng's personality very well. This guy would never do something that harmed himself, so how did he trick people? No matter how she thought about it, she could not understand!
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said, "The Rising Dragon Platform ascends from the True Dragon World, which is also the gathering place of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. If you don't have the True Dragon Bloodline in your body, you will be imprisoned for a thousand years."
"What!?" Ning Yudie's beautiful eyes widened, her face full of shock, "There's such a thing?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
Imprisoned for a thousand years …
Even False Tribulation Realm warriors only had a lifespan of a little more than a thousand years, just like Black Crow who had lived for more than four hundred years. If Black Crow ascended to the True Dragon World, he would probably die there!
"No! How can you return from the True Dragon World? "Ning Yudie frowned and asked.
Luo Zheng was able to avoid a thousand years of imprisonment because of Qinglong, but Luo Zheng could not tell Ning Yudie this reason.
But today, Ning Yudie was willing to protect him, so Luo Zheng was very touched. Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said to Ning Yudie, "Let's find a safe place to talk."
The Martial Arts Conference was about to be held, so most of the old monsters of the Central Domain were gathered in Tianqi City. These old monsters' Divine Senses and eyes were very sharp.
Ning Yudie nodded silently and said, "Come with me!"
Then, under Ning Yudie's lead, the two flew all the way to an extremely luxurious palace in Tianqi City. This palace was obviously built by the World Business Alliance to receive distinguished guests, and Ning Yudie naturally belonged to the ranks of distinguished guests.
As soon as Luo Zheng entered the palace, Ning Yudie waved her hand, and a huge snowflake pattern appeared on the floor of the palace. This snowflake pattern constantly rotated, forming a profound ice barrier that enveloped Luo Zheng and herself.
"No one can hear our conversation. Tell me, since you said that cultivators who ascend to the True Dragon World will be imprisoned for a thousand years, then … how did you come back?" Ning Yudie asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and took out a small bottle from his Sumeru Ring. He casually threw the small bottle to Ning Yudie, "According to the rules of the Dragon Bloodline, as long as you have a drop of True Dragon Blood in your body, you are considered a member of their clan. This is for you!"
Ning Yudie took the small bottle from Luo Zheng's hand and saw a drop of blood pulsating inside. Even though Ning Yudie was a very knowledgeable person, she still couldn't help gasping in shock, "This is … True Dragon Blood?"
＝＝＝＝＝