In the Great Wide World where Luo Zheng lived, there was once a legend about the True Dragon.
The Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was widely distributed in the Great Wide World. In some Great Wide Worlds, they even ruled the world. However, in the Great Wide World where Luo Zheng lived, although the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was prosperous for a time, they eventually declined.
Flood Dragons, Winged Dragons, Horned Dragons, and other fierce beasts were once spiritual beasts raised by the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan. However, after the decline of the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan, they became ownerless fierce beasts.
The records of the True Dragon could be traced back to 160,000 years ago. There was an unprecedented battle on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. At that time, the seven Divine Kingdoms joined forces to wage a huge war against the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan!
Although the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan had the inheritance of the True Dragon Clan, they were still defeated by the joint forces of the seven Divine Kingdoms! The seven Divine Kingdoms also took advantage of the situation to pursue and destroy the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan in one fell swoop.
When the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was forced into a desperate situation, they sacrificed the lives of millions of their clansmen to forcefully open a passage and summon a True Dragon!
It was said that the True Dragon was unimaginably big. In that huge passage, only a huge dragon head appeared. This dragon head only spat out a mouthful of dragon breath, and then the passage completely collapsed. The True Dragon was annihilated in the passage.
As a low-level plane, the Great Wide World could not support the existence of such a powerful divine beast. Even if the passage was opened by sacrificing the lives of millions of clansmen, it only allowed the dragon head to appear for a few breaths and spit out a mouthful of dragon breath.
Just because of this dragon breath, three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed, leaving only four Divine Kingdoms to survive in the world.
Although the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan was eventually annihilated by the Divine Kingdoms, the True Dragon that broke through space and descended left a deep impression on the people of the Great Wide World! After more than 100,000 years of erosion, even the mountains had evolved into rivers, and the sea had turned into mulberry fields. However, that scene had always been passed down in the world and had been recorded until now!
The power of the True Dragon was not something that ordinary people could imagine.
This was also why Ning Yudie was so surprised.
After Luo Zheng left the Cloud Hall without permission that day, Ning Yudie had also looked for him. However, as she had traveled the path of the Trial Takers with Luo Zheng, she knew that Luo Zheng's luck was very strong. People with such great luck would not die easily..................... Cloud Hall......
Obviously, Ning Yudie's guess was only half correct. The opportunity Luo Zheng had obtained was far beyond her imagination!
A drop of True Dragon's blood was casually taken out and given away! Just how great of an opportunity was this?
It wasn't that Ning Yudie couldn't take out something comparable to the True Dragon's Blood, but the importance of such a thing could be imagined. No matter what, she couldn't bear to give it away!
How generous was this guy? Or was his brain damaged?
Seeing Ning Yudie's strange expression, Luo Zheng chuckled and reached out his hand to Ning Yudie. "You don't want it? Give it back to me if you don't want it! "
"Pa!"
Ning Yudie slapped Luo Zheng's hand away. She glared at him fiercely and put away the True Dragon's Blood.
For some reason, Ning Yudie found that she did not put on any airs in front of Luo Zheng. She was the dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. Even those False Tribulation Realm Elders did not dare to act rashly in front of her. This guy was just a little disciple of the Cloud Hall!
What was even more hateful was that Luo Zheng clearly knew her identity, but he did not take it seriously. Should she remind him?
"Little Die, I just heard them talking about the Martial Arts Conference. Is it because of the Rising Dragon Platform?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Ning Yudie nodded. "Yes. After the Rising Dragon Platform appeared three months ago, several major Sects had a dispute because of it. In the end, the World Business Alliance stepped in and brought forward the Martial Arts Conference held once every ten years to this year. They also added the Rising Dragon Platform as a reward for the first place. But I didn't expect that … the Rising Dragon Platform is actually a dead end. Without the True Dragon's Blood, even if you win the Rising Dragon Platform, it is useless."
After saying that, Ning Yudie shook her head. Obviously, she was still shocked by the news brought by Luo Zheng.
"Only Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Void Spirit Sect are participating in this Martial Arts Conference?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Ning Yudie looked at him strangely, but still answered, "Definitely not only them. There are also fourth-grade Sects such as the Mysterious Yin Mansion. Even many independent disciples and some outstanding disciples from third-grade Sects are also participating!"
"Independent warriors?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Basically, all the famous independent warriors are here, such as the Confucian Sage Liu Wenchang, Nan Hua Venerable Xiang Tianxing, and the Eastern Evil King Cui Xie. They all brought their favorite disciples here," Ning Yudie said.
Hearing the words "Cui Xie", Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with killing intent, but it was still caught by Ning Yudie.
This guy seems to be asking about Cui Xie. Does he have a conflict with the Eastern Evil King? How is that possible?
A warrior from a second-grade Sect in the Eastern Region could not have anything to do with Cui Xie.
Suddenly, Ning Yudie seemed to think of something, and her eyes widened slightly!
"You guessed it," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Ning Yudie nodded.
It was not difficult to guess the answer. Ning Yudie had sent someone to give Luo Yan to Cui Xie. She had an impression of Luo Yan with the Extreme Purple Yin Body.
Luo Yan was from the Eastern Region, and so was Luo Zheng. In addition, Luo Zheng showed killing intent to Cui Xie. With Ning Yudie's clever mind, she figured it out almost instantly.
As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, her first priority was to develop the Sect. Luo Yan was just a talented female disciple from a second-grade Sect under the Cloud Hall. If she fought against Cui Xie because of Luo Yan, it would be really unwise. That would be irresponsible to the entire Cloud Hall!
Ning Yudie's expression was silent. For a moment, she did not know what to say.
However, when he saw Ning Yudie's expression, a little anger rose in Luo Zheng's heart.
He had always hidden Luo Yan's matter in his heart. After coming to the Central Domain, he had never revealed it to anyone. Other than Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, no one else knew about it.
Shi Jingtian had once explained to Luo Zheng why the Cloud Hall gave Luo Yan to Cui Xie. Cui Xie was too strong, and the Cloud Hall had no choice but to do so. However, deep in Luo Zheng's heart, there was still a trace of resentment. This trace of resentment had been buried deep in Luo Zheng's heart, but finally, it could not help but burst out here.
"Don't you think that you should apologize to me?" Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and said, "If you had protected Luo Yan like you protected me, Luo Yan might not have been taken away by Cui Xie!"
"I …" Ning Yudie's expression was very unnatural.
"Do you think that Luo Yan's Extreme Purple Yin Body is not valuable, and that I have the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform? If I didn't have the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform, I wouldn't be worthy of your help! "Luo Zheng's eyes were burning as he stared at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie was not very old. Although she had an extraordinary aura when she was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, her heart was still young. Her heart was easily shaken, especially when she felt guilty towards others.
Moreover, Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng had once traveled the Trial Taker's Road together. At that time, they were also peers.
Under Luo Zheng's interrogation, Ning Yudie seemed to have forgotten her identity. In front of Luo Zheng, she was like a child who had done something wrong …
If an outsider saw a dignified False Tribulation Realm expert, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, being interrogated by a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist in such a panic, their eyeballs would probably pop out of their sockets from shock.
Her small and delicate oval face was full of an unnatural expression. Her strong and inviolable aura of the past was swept away. At this moment, she was like a little girl who had done something wrong. She silently lowered her eyes and said, "I'm sorry …"
Luo Zheng originally wanted to scold her and say, "What's the use of saying sorry?" However, when he saw Ning Yudie's expression, his heart suddenly softened.
It was unreasonable to blame her.
The world of martial artists was like this! Although Cui Xie did not belong to a sect and was an independent martial artist, he was still the number one expert in the Central Domain! Even the Void Spirit Sect was not willing to fight against Cui Xie, let alone the Cloud Hall!
As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, what was wrong with her doing this?
"Forget it." Luo Zheng waved his hand.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Ning Yudie curled her lips and did not speak.
However, an old woman's voice came from the side. "The East Evil King took your sister away. If you have the ability, go find him! Why are you blaming the Cloud Hall here? What kind of logic is this? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked. He saw a white-haired old woman with a hunched back pass through the barrier set up by Ning Yudie without any hindrance and walk in.