Although this old woman had a doddering appearance, within her pair of dim yellow eyes, there was a kind of breathtaking aura. Even though she was staggering, there was a certain kind of artistic conception hidden within her footsteps.
When he heard Ning Yudie call the old woman master, only then did Luo Zheng realize her identity. She was the old monster who was supporting the Cloud Hall!
Although Ning Yudie's talent was extremely high, and she was even able to cultivate a Secret Art like the Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Scripture to the point where she was only one step away from reaching the Grand Accomplishment stage, her foundation was still too shallow. The only reason she was able to reach the position of Temple Master was because of this old woman.
The old woman didn't respond to Ning Yudie's call. Instead, she turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Besides, you're just a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Division. I really don't know who gave you the courage to question the Palace Master in front of her!" After saying that, the old woman turned to Ning Yudie and said, "Little Die, you're the same as well. How can a disciple of the Elite Division question you in front of you? Where is your face as the Palace Master? Where is your dignity? Why are you apologizing to him?! "
Ning Yudie's mouth moved. She wanted to tell her master that Luo Zheng was different, but she was afraid that her master would ask her what was different about Luo Zheng.
What was different about Luo Zheng? She really couldn't answer this question. As the Palace Master, she didn't have any dignity in front of Luo Zheng, and this was the most important difference … But, if she really did answer this question, perhaps her master would scold her to death.
"In order for Cui Xie to set up the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation and break through the limits of his life and death, he needs to gather three Divine Core warriors, and all of them have to possess the extremely rare Amethyst Yin Body." The old woman said with a hoarse voice, "The Amethyst Yin Body is a unique body type that is extremely rare under the heavens, and it is extremely difficult to gather three of them! Cui Xie has already found two people, one is your sister Luo Yan, and the other is Si Miaoling! Only one person was left, and the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Array would be successfully set up. This time, Si Miaoling will participate in the Martial Arts Conference as Cui Xie's disciple. If you have the ability, you can kill Si Miaoling at the Martial Arts Conference! "
Hearing the old woman's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed!
So another martial artist with the Extreme Purple Yin Body would participate in the Martial Arts Conference?
The Extreme Violet Yin Physique was extremely difficult to find. Otherwise, Cui Xie wouldn't have spent so many years searching for the last Extreme Violet Yin Physique.
If he could kill Si Miaoling, it would greatly slow down Cui Xie's plan!
Facing Cui Xie, Luo Zheng had been at his wit's end. To him, Cui Xie was too strong, so he always felt a sense of urgency and helplessness.
If Luo Zheng had cultivated to the point where he was truly powerful, Cui Xie would have already found the third Extreme Violet Yin Physique and finished setting up the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Array!
"Kill Si Miaoling? What cultivation level is this Si Miaoling?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Middle-stage Divine Core," the old woman said indifferently.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Although he had stepped onto the Rising Dragon Arena and his strength and cultivation had greatly improved, Luo Zheng had no confidence in killing a middle-stage Divine Core martial artist.
"If you don't dare, then get lost. Don't be like a sissy, blaming this and that, and even blaming my Little Die!" The old woman said snappily. It seemed like this old woman was still holding a grudge against Luo Zheng for forcing Ning Yudie to apologize.
"Can I kill my opponent at the Martial Arts Conference?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The old woman coldly snorted, "Do you think this Martial Arts Conference is the same as the All-Peak Competition you participated in in the Blue Cloud Sect? Don't go too far? "
The competition within the Sect was indeed about stopping at a certain point. Although there were many cases of martial artists being injured or even killed in the arena, everyone still focused on learning from each other! Under normal circumstances, they would not harm each other's lives.
But the Martial Arts Conference was different!
The Martial Arts Conference in Tianqi City was held once every ten years, and countless martial artists had fallen in it!
These martial artists came from different Sects and belonged to different factions. In this Martial Arts Conference, there was no learning from each other, only the so-called life and death battle.
The winner would take a step forward, and the loser would have to depend on the mood of the other party. If the other party was in a good mood, they would let you go. If the other party was in a bad mood, they would directly take your life, and no one would pity you.
To put it bluntly, the Martial Arts Conference was a fight to the death! And this time, because of the Rising Dragon Arena, the major Sects attached more importance to this Martial Arts Conference than before, and their vision of fighting for the first place would be more active. It was conceivable that this Martial Arts Conference would be more tragic than before.
Therefore, some people said that the Martial Arts Conference held once every ten years by the World Business Alliance was actually a small-scale Sect War. It was also a place to test the true strength of the major Sects during peacetime.
"What are the requirements for participating in the Martial Arts Conference?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Ning Yudie raised her eyebrows and asked before her master could, "Do you plan to participate?"
"Of course." Luo Zheng looked straight at Ning Yudie and nodded without any concession.
Luo Zheng originally planned to participate in this Martial Arts Conference! Strictly speaking, he was already a member of the Dragon Bloodline Human Clan, or rather, a member of the Dragon Pool Palace. If Luo Zheng wanted to ascend to the Real Dragon World, he had to rely on the Rising Dragon Arena. The importance of the Rising Dragon Arena to him was self-evident.
"Do you know the strength of the other participants in this Martial Arts Conference?" Ning Yudie asked again.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then shook his head and said, "I don't know."
Ning Yudie sneered, then shook her head and said, "How dare you participate in the Martial Arts Conference when you don't even know the strength of the other warriors? This Martial Arts Conference limits the strength of the warriors to the middle stage of the Divine Core Realm! And these warriors are all from fourth-grade Sects, and even fifth-grade Sects. There are also the geniuses carefully cultivated by those old monsters! Are you sure you can compete with them? With your strength of the Third Layer of the Divine Reflection Realm!
"Not to mention them, even Zong Mo Xie and Xuanyuan Xiao from the Cloud Hall are far from their opponents …
"Moreover, the five spots for the Cloud Hall have been circled. If you want to participate, you have to get the qualification yourself like those independent warriors.
"If you want to die, I won't stop you!"
Ning Yudie said a few words in a row, but Luo Zheng kept silent.
After she finished speaking, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I must participate in the Martial Arts Conference. I must get the Rising Dragon Platform, and Si Miaoling must die!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng chose to turn around and leave.
"You!" She originally wanted to warn Luo Zheng not to participate in this Martial Arts Conference, or he might die here. However, Luo Zheng's short words made Ning Yudie speechless.
However, Ning Yudie's master showed a trace of appreciation in her eyes. She was an old monster who had lived to become a spirit. She was originally angry that Luo Zheng blamed Ning Yudie. Since Luo Zheng was a warrior, he must have his own responsibility!
"Don't go!" Ning Yudie stretched out her hand, and the icy light in front of Luo Zheng condensed again. She didn't remove the barrier. Now that she had recovered the strength of the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, she could easily keep Luo Zheng here.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's figure swayed like a ghost, one in front and one behind, as if a person's reflection was constantly swaying in the water. Under such swaying, the layer of icy light arranged by Ning Yudie couldn't obstruct Luo Zheng in the slightest. Luo Zheng's figure easily passed through it.
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie and her master's eyes flashed with disbelief!
At this moment, the master and disciple both felt like they had seen a ghost.
What was Ning Yudie's strength? The early stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
Moreover, her cultivation had dissipated nine times. Her strength was far beyond an ordinary early stage False Tribulation Realm warrior! With her strength, the barrier she arranged was actually easily penetrated by Luo Zheng? What did Luo Zheng just do?
The old woman shook her head and said, "If I'm not wrong, Luo Zheng just used the power of the Law of Space. Moreover … his comprehension of the Law of Space is quite thorough. Even my Cloud Hall's Daoist Master Dameng can't do this."
Daoist Master Dameng's comprehension of the Law of Space was considered one of the best in the Central Domain. However, he could only use the "Phantom God Step" in weak areas of space. However, just now, Luo Zheng casually passed through Ning Yudie's barrier. It didn't seem like any fancy movements, but it contained a deep understanding of the Law of Space!
Ning Yudie's expression was complicated. She wanted to chase after him, but her master was beside her. After thinking about it, she restrained herself.
"This kid … is indeed somewhat interesting. If he wants to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, it's up to him." The old woman said lightly. Then, she looked at her disciple meaningfully and asked, "But Xiao Die, why did you have to stop him from participating?"
Ning Yudie blinked and immediately replied, "Luo Zheng is my Cloud Hall's disciple. I couldn't bear to see him throw away his life!"
"Oh? According to what you're saying, Zong Mo Xie, Xuanyuan Xiao, and the others aren't our Cloud Hall's disciples? If they're afraid of death, why do they cultivate martial arts? "The old woman questioned. There was a trace of a smile in her old yellow eyes.
"Master, your disciple doesn't understand what you're saying." Ning Yudie began to play dumb.
The old woman sighed. Her expression became very complicated. She had lived for so many years, and her eyesight was very vicious.
Ning Yudie was talking to Luo Zheng. How was she acting like a Hall Master? How could she not see through Ning Yudie's thoughts?
The old woman knew that Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng had once roamed the Road of Trials together. As for what happened, she didn't know. No matter what happened, it wasn't important. If Luo Zheng really had the strength in the future, she was willing to marry Ning Yudie off.
In the old woman's opinion, Luo Zheng was indeed a genius. His potential wasn't any less than Ning Yudie's. He was also very worthy of the Cloud Hall's nurturing!