All the taverns, teahouses, and inns in Tianqi City were already overcrowded.
The Martial Arts Conference in the Eastern Domain had attracted almost half of the warriors in the Central Domain. Although 99% of the warriors were not qualified to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, it was worth the trip if they could watch the fights between the experts of the sects in their lifetime.
What's more, there were some martial artists who believed that they would be able to obtain epiphany from observing, allowing them to be enlightened. Although this possibility wasn't great, there was always a slight possibility!
After several inquiries, Luo Zheng finally found the registration place of the Martial Arts Conference.
Although the Martial Arts Conference was open to all the warriors in the Central Domain, not just any Tom, Dick, or Harry could sign up. After all, there were too many warriors in the Central Domain. Therefore, the Martial Arts Conference was divided into an outer test and an inner test.
The so-called outer test was a qualification test. Any warrior above the Divine Reflection Realm could participate in the outer test. After passing the outer test, one would be qualified to enter the inner test, which was the real Martial Arts Conference.
The outer test was actually prepared for the warriors of many small sects in the world, such as the Cloud Hall, the Blood Wood Cliff, the Void Spirit Sect, and some independent warriors. They all had three to ten places and directly guaranteed their disciples to enter the inner test.
The Cloud Hall originally had five places, which had been reported to the World Business Alliance, the organizer of the Martial Arts Conference.
Luo Zheng did not have this opportunity, so he could only choose to participate in the outer test.
By the time he found the registration area, it was already surrounded by numerous martial artists. The bustling martial artists formed an airtight wall, and from time to time, a burst of cheers could be heard coming from the "wall".
Even Luo Zheng also expended a lot of strength before he squeezed through the crowd.
Luo Zheng squeezed into the crowd and saw an old man with a handlebar mustache sitting in the middle. Beside the old man stood four strong men like iron towers. Their upper bodies were naked, and their auras were amazing. These four people were all at the Divine Reflection Realm.
After entering, Luo Zheng found that there were many warriors who came to watch the fun, but there seemed to be not many warriors who signed up.
Just as he was feeling puzzled, he saw a martial artist walk up to the old man with the handlebar mustache and shout, "I'm signing up!" Soon after, the martial artist took out a piece of top grade true essence stone and threw it on the table of the mustached old man.
The old man with the handlebar mustache pointed at a rock beside him and said, "Give it a try. Throw a punch at this rock. Use your strongest strength!"
Beside the old man with the handlebar mustache was a light green stone. This stone was as tall as a person and was square in shape. Nothing could be seen from its surface.
Luo Zheng quietly scanned the stone with his soul and divine sense, and a strange expression appeared on his face. This stone actually completely blocked his soul and divine sense. It was a very strange stone.
Without another word, the martial artist walked in front of the stone and shouted to the surrounding martial artists, "Make way!"
The bustling martial artists suddenly opened up a space, and then the martial artist took two steps back. His entire body's True Essence began to crazily fluctuate. It seemed that he cultivated an extremely fierce cultivation method, and the aura he released was extremely overbearing.
"Ha!"
The martial artist shouted. His footsteps were like water, and at the same time, his alms bowl-sized fist smashed towards the green stone.
The martial artist was in the eighth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. If it were an ordinary mountain rock, it would have been smashed into powder by this punch. However, when the martial artist's fist smashed into the green stone, the green stone didn't move at all. It didn't even sway, and only made a slight muffled sound.
"Pu!"
The old man with the handlebar mustache glanced at the green stone indifferently, and then shouted, "Not qualified. Next!"
Hearing the voice of the old man with the handlebar mustache, the martial artist's face revealed a depressed look. He then shook his head and left the crowd dejectedly.
"A top grade true essence stone is gone just like that?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng sighed. The World Business Alliance was too good at accumulating wealth.
No wonder there weren't many people signing up. A top grade true essence stone wasn't cheap. A single top grade true essence stone was worth millions of low-grade true essence stones. Most Divine Reflection Realm martial artists didn't have that much wealth.
However, the Central Domain was so big, and there were countless second-grade sects, third-grade sects, and large families. Spending a top grade true essence stone wasn't a big deal for these sects and families. Even if they didn't pass the test, it was still a good opportunity to broaden their horizons.
After that martial artist failed, another person barged in.
This person carried a navy blue scimitar on his back. He had a crew cut, and his gaze was very calm. As soon as he walked in, he casually threw a top-grade True Essence Stone on the table, and then walked to the blue stone at the side.
"I don't know if this person will succeed!"
"He has the strength of the Divine Reflection Realm. He should be able to change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!"
"I don't think so. Didn't two Divine Reflection Realm martial artists fail the test before?"
There was a burst of whispering in the crowd, and Luo Zheng was able to glean some information from these whispers. It turned out that the blue stone used for the test was called the Divine Magnetic Stone. Even Divine Reflection Realm martial artists had not been able to pass this test.
The martial artist with the curved saber on his back casually walked towards the blue stone. He didn't seem to be accumulating any strength, nor did he make any preparations. Instead, he casually slapped his palm towards the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!
"Swoosh!"
A sharp gust of wind slapped onto the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
"What a sharp gust of wind! It even contains a trace of the law of wind! "Luo Zheng raised his brows. This man wasn't a Divine Core warrior, he was just an Extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, and yet he possessed such strength. This was enough for Luo Zheng to pay attention to.
"Slap!"
The gust of wind slapped onto the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. The stone didn't even shake, but the color of the stone had changed. It had turned from green to red.
But, the time it took for the stone to change color was very short, it only lasted for three breaths of time. After that, the stone turned from red back to green.
"Another one passed! And it's just a casual slap! This man is so strong! "
"An Extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, I don't think there are many fourth grade sects who can do this, right?"
"Indeed, making the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for three breaths of time, it's hard to find another Extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artist."
"Passed? What's your name?" The old man with the handlebar mustache looked at the martial artist with an indifferent expression. A smile of praise emerged on his face, then he raised up a writing brush and a nameplate in his hand.
"Ao Xiang." The martial artist with the scimitar told the old man his name.
Hearing this name, many martial artists in the crowd suddenly shouted out, "So it's him! The Ao Xiang who killed three thousand Shadow Wolf Kings by himself in the Hulun Grassland!"
"What? One person killed three thousand Shadow Wolf Kings? How come I've never heard of him? "
"The Hulun Grassland is located in the Central Domain, it's too remote. It's normal that the martial artists of the Central Domain haven't heard of him."
Ao Xiang didn't seem to care about the discussion of the surrounding martial artists. After receiving the nameplate from the old man with the handlebar mustache, he left the registration area under the guidance of the World Business Alliance. Only by passing this test could one be considered to have successfully registered. But regardless of whether one passed or not, the top-grade true essence stone would not be returned.
All the way until after Ao Xiang left, the various martial artists were still discussing Ao Xiang spiritedly.
At this time, Luo Zheng walked towards the old man with the handlebar mustache, took out a top-grade true essence stone from his spatial ring, and placed it on the old man's table.
"Fourth-stage Divine Reflection Realm? Are my eyes playing tricks on me!? "
"Hehe, he can even take out a top-grade true essence stone, he's really rich!"
"He's probably a young master from a third-grade family, coming out to play. Throwing out a top-grade true essence stone so casually, doesn't he feel bad about it? "
"What a waste, rather than giving it to the World Business Alliance, why not give it to me?"
Perhaps it was because Luo Zheng's cultivation was too low, he immediately attracted the attention of the surrounding martial artists, and the discussion was even more heated than when they were talking about Ao Xiang.
Although the rules of the outer trials stated that all Divine Illumination Realm martial artists could participate, the vast majority of martial artists were unable to pass the registration hurdle. Just the Divine Origin Magnet Stone alone had stopped countless Divine Illumination Realm martial artists!
Most of the martial artists who had successfully registered were at the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm, and some were even at the Divine Core realm.
As for those martial artists below the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm who had successfully registered, there were less than 10 of them. Most of them were at the eighth or ninth level of the Divine Reflection Realm, and their cultivation was very close to the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm.
No one had expected that a Third Stage Divine Reflection Realm martial artist would suddenly appear. Everyone was here to watch the show, and only those who were too strong or too weak would be able to watch the show. Therefore, they couldn't stop talking about it. They wanted to see what kind of joke this Third Stage Divine Reflection Realm martial artist, Luo Zheng, would make.
(I did have something to do this weekend, but I'll try my best to keep up with the updates, thank you T _ T)
＝＝＝＝＝