Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to these discussions and walked towards the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, sizing it up a few times.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, this Divine Origin Magnet Stone was very strange. The power of Law contained within it was very special.
As the most basic composition of this world, Origin Source Laws were almost innumerable. Just like mountains, boulders contained the power of Earth Laws, all kinds of strange flames contained the power of Fire Laws, and in the vast space, Space Laws were everywhere.
However, ordinary people simply couldn't detect them, nor could they grasp them.
However, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in front of him contained the power of seven Origin Source Laws. Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, Wind, Wind, these seven Origin Source Laws weaved together very evenly. This was why Luo Zheng had such a strange feeling.
Previously, the cultivator named Ao Xiang had used the Wind Laws of Origin Source Laws to stimulate the Wind Laws in this Divine Origin Magnet Stone, which was why the Divine Origin Magnet Stone's color had changed.
"Using the power of one Origin Source Law can cause this Divine Origin Magnet Stone to change. What if I fuse all seven Origin Source Laws together?" For some unknown reason, Luo Zheng suddenly had such an idea.
Luo Zheng didn't know that Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who had such an idea.
The Divine Origin Magnet Stone was originally a very strange stone. It was neither gold nor iron and was invulnerable. Even such a small piece of Divine Origin Magnet Stone couldn't be destroyed by a Void Tribulation Realm powerhouse's all-out attack.
This Divine Origin Magnet Stone was excavated from the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Sea. It was said that this Divine Origin Magnet Stone wasn't excavated by a cultivator. Instead, after millions of years of natural evolution, the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain had fallen from the top of the mountain after being weathered.
Some cultivators had deduced that if one wanted to process or break down this Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, they would need to be proficient in the seven Origin Source Laws contained within the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain!
This was simply impossible for the warriors of the Central Domain.
"Seven Laws fused together, heh heh. Kid, you're really daring." Qinglong's voice suddenly echoed in Luo Zheng's mind. Ever since he had devoured the Evil Owl Beast, Qinglong had rarely spoken these days. He seemed to be busy absorbing the Soul Strength contained within the Evil Owl Beast. When Qinglong had devoured the Evil Owl Beast, he was still very weak. Now, Qinglong seemed to have recovered quite a bit.
"What do you mean? Is it difficult to fuse seven types of Power of Law? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, it's very difficult, very difficult. Moreover, the origin of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in front of you is extraordinary … If you can reach that level in the future, you might be able to take the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain. It is indeed a great treasure, but for the current you, don't think too much about it!" Qinglong said calmly.
For Qinglong to say that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone had an extraordinary origin, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. How high was Qinglong's vision? Even something as precious as the Blood Essence of a True Dragon was just an ordinary item for Qinglong. He was a True Dragon, so the amount of Blood Essence he had was probably astonishing.
With Qinglong's evaluation of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, Luo Zheng once again carefully sized up the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in front of him.
The Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, the Dragon Vein, the legend of the Human Race … the mysterious furnace, the Nine True Dragons, what was the connection between them? Luo Zheng realized that something unimaginable must have happened in the Vast Thousand Domains. Unfortunately, Qinglong seemed unwilling to talk about it.
"This kid is staring at the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in a daze! What is he thinking about? "
"If you're too weak, don't waste time. Hurry up and punch it! If you're afraid of losing face, why come here? "
"Hey, there are still people waiting to pay and take the assessment. If you don't fight, it'll be considered as you forfeit!"
Many cultivators clamored around Luo Zheng again.
Hearing the crowd's urging, Luo Zheng shook his head. He seemed to be thinking too much. His current strength and vision were still limited to the Central Domain. It was not something he needed to think about now.
Thus, under the urging, Luo Zheng slowly raised his fist.
If he wanted to change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, he only needed to stimulate one of the Laws.
Those martial artists that were at the pinnacle of Illuminating Divinity didn't have a deep understanding of the power of Laws. For instance, Ao Xiang's cultivation method of Wind Laws was only based on the basic application of Wind Laws. In truth, he hadn't actually comprehended any Wind Laws!
After all, the Laws were not so easy to comprehend. Even a powerhouse like "Daoist Master Dameng" had only comprehended the surface of the Law of Space! However, this was also the reason why the Law of Space was more difficult to comprehend than other Laws.
"I can't fuse the two Laws at the moment, so … I'll just use the pure Law of Lightning!" A streak of azure lightning lit up in Luo Zheng's hand. This streak of lightning was very small and did not seem very powerful.
This was because Luo Zheng did not cultivate the Law of Lightning.
"Such a small streak of lightning, this brat is really amusing!"
"Is this the strength of the Divine Origin Stage? My horizons have been broadened … "
"The power of this lightning is probably not even comparable to that of an ordinary Xiantian lifeform, right?"
When the cultivators saw the tiny streaks of lightning in Luo Zheng's hand, they immediately burst into laughter.
Even Luo Zheng himself admitted that the tiny streaks of lightning in his hand were not very powerful. They were even far inferior to the lightning cultivation methods of some Xiantian lifeforms. Compared to the lightning contained in Hua Tianming's "Extreme Lightning Sword Intent", it was far inferior.
However … when the mustached old man sitting at the table saw the tiny streaks of lightning, his eyes suddenly lit up. At the same time, his face revealed a trace of doubt.
"What a pure power of lightning!"
The old man with the handlebar mustache secretly praised. He was also extremely confused. This kid clearly possessed such pure lightning power. Why was the power of the lightning so weak? The scene before his eyes somewhat violated the mustached old man's common sense.
After the tiny streaks of lightning condensed for a while, Luo Zheng's fist suddenly struck towards the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone.
"Pu!"
When this punch landed on the Origin Magnetic Divine Stone, it emitted a soft explosive sound.
Then Luo Zheng took a step back, watching the changes on the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone.
Numerous cultivators also stared unblinkingly at the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone. Most of them disapproved. How could such a small amount of power make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color? They were paying so much attention purely because they wanted to see a joke.
Under everyone's gazes, the surface of the stone began to change color. In an instant, the entire stone turned from azure to red.
"It, it changed color!"
"How is this possible? His fist clearly didn't have any power! How could it make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color? "
"Is there something wrong with the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone?"
Astonishment emerged on everyone's faces. They stared at the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone, as if they wanted to dig a hole in the stone and find out what was wrong with it!
One breath …
Two breaths …
Ten breaths …
As time passed, the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone still maintained its red color. Its color didn't change back.
According to the rules set by the mustached old man, as long as the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone's color turned red, it would be considered a pass.
Some powerful cultivators, such as a Divine Core cultivator, were able to make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for seven to eight breaths! This was already considered an amazing feat.
As for some weaker cultivators, such as a Divine Reflection cultivator, they could only make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for a blink of an eye. But, this was still considered a pass.
For example, the cultivator in front of Luo Zheng, whose name was' Ao Xiang 'from the Hulun Grassland, he was able to make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for three breaths with his Divine Reflection cultivation base.
But now …
This Third Level Divine Reflection cultivator was able to make the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone change color for more than ten breaths!
When the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone changed color, many cultivators believed that there was something wrong with the stone. Now, after ten breaths of time, the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone was still red. It didn't change back to green, and this only deepened the cultivators' thoughts.
Twenty breaths of time passed …
Thirty breaths of time passed …
The Divine Origin Magnetic Stone was still red, and it didn't seem like it was going to change back to green.
"I never thought there would be something wrong with the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone!"
"I think it has been hit too many times, I'm sure the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone is broken!"
"Broken? What a joke! This Divine Origin Magnetic Stone is a stone from a divine mountain that descended from the heavens, how could it be broken? "
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the red color on the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone finally faded away, and it returned to its original green color.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. After that, he walked up to the mustached old man and said, "I've passed, right?"
The mustached old man was also staring at the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in a daze. With the unfathomable strength of this mustached old man, he could see much more than the other warriors. Obviously, he wouldn't think that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone had been damaged like the other warriors.