"What? That counts as a pass! "
"The Divine Origin Magnet Stone is obviously broken. How can that count as a pass? The World Business Alliance has no prestige at all!"
"Are you kidding me? Then I'll give it a try! Maybe I can pass too. "
Hearing the bearded old man's answer, many of the spectating martial artists suddenly burst into an uproar, their faces full of unwillingness.
Most of the martial artists present were in the Divine Illumination Realm, and most of them were in the seventh or ninth stage of the Divine Illumination Realm.
These martial artists were here to watch the show. Of course, they also wanted to see the strength of other martial artists and compare it with their own, estimating whether they had a chance of qualifying for the registration.
It would have been better if they hadn't looked, but when they did, they were shocked. Not to mention eighth or ninth level Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, even the extreme Divine Reflection Realm martial artists would have a slim chance of passing.
Not all martial artists came from large families. There were many independent martial artists or martial artists from small sects that didn't have much money in their pockets. Although there were a considerable number of them that did have a top grade true essence stone, they couldn't bear to throw it away to the mustached old man no matter how hard they tried.
After all, the probability of passing was far too low. If one casually tossed in a True Essence Stone, there was a high chance that it would be wasted. No one's money came from nothing. For a Divine Reflection Boundary martial artist, earning a top-grade True Essence Stone was far too difficult.
But they never imagined that a guy in the third stage of the Divine Illumination Realm would appear out of nowhere. Even with an unremarkable punch, the power of thunder and lightning contained in that punch was pitifully weak. But this punch actually made the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for an incense stick's worth of time!
No one would be able to believe such a thing. They could only think that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone was broken!
In fact, whether Luo Zheng passed or not had nothing to do with these martial artists. But when they heard the bearded old man announce that Luo Zheng had passed, their hearts were very unbalanced. They all shouted, "Why? Why did he pass? "
"If this kind of person can pass, then we can all pass!"
"Is this the prestige of the World Business Alliance? If he cheated, just say so! "
"I don't know what the World Business Alliance is thinking. Even if he's at Lv 3 of the Divine Reflection Realm, it's impossible for him to pass the Outer Test. Is it courting death to let him participate in the Martial Arts Competition?"
Just as the cultivators were shouting, the mustached old man furrowed his brows. His expression turned cold as he suddenly shouted, "Shut up, all of you!"
When the bearded old man roared, the ears of the Divine Reflection Realm cultivators buzzed. Seeing the cold expression of the bearded old man, they all subconsciously closed their mouths.
The old man with the handlebar mustache looked at this group of warriors with eyes full of mockery. He thought to himself, What do you bunch of idiots know? The power of thunder in this youth's hand was indeed very weak, but it was incomparably pure. It seemed to contain a very strong power of the Laws of Thunder!
"If I say he passed, then he passed. If you can do it, then you can pay!" The old man with the handlebar mustache didn't explain to these warriors at all. He just threw out a sentence and turned to Luo Zheng with a pleasant expression. "What's your name?"
"Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"Mm," the old man with the handlebar mustache noted down this name. He picked up a brush and wrote the two words' Luo Zheng 'on the nameplate, then returned it to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't stay for long. Since he had already registered, the next test he would have to take was the outer examination. After putting away the nameplate, Luo Zheng quickly left.
After Luo Zheng left, many warriors swarmed towards the old man with the handlebar mustache, all of them taking out their top-grade true essence stones! These top-grade true essence stones had been in their pockets for a long time. These warriors guessed that either the World Business Alliance had done something, or there was a problem with the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
However, some of the more observant warriors still felt that there was a higher possibility that there was a problem with the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. If the World Business Alliance had done something, there was no need for it to be so exaggerated. Making the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for a full incense stick of time was just too fake.
At this time, even the old man with the handlebar mustache didn't think that because Luo Zheng had taken the test, the income from the registration area would suddenly skyrocket!
The warriors threw out top-grade true essence stones as if they didn't care about their lives, hoping to pass the registration assessment.
However, these warriors were hesitant because they weren't confident in their own strength. If they weren't confident in their own strength, how could they pass the assessment? Therefore, none of these warriors were able to pass the assessment!
As for the old man with the handlebar mustache, he was overjoyed. As an Elder of the World Business Alliance, he was originally unhappy that he had been sent to the registration area. However, he was still qualified to receive a share of the income from top-grade true essence stones. Now that he thought about it, the income wasn't small at all. Speaking of which, he had to thank Luo Zheng …
After successfully registering, Luo Zheng walked through Heavenly Awakening City. It wasn't long before he found the place where the outer examination was being held.
This was a massive palace. The palace was built in a very distinctive style. Everywhere was inlaid with gold and jade, displaying the formidable financial resources of the World Business Alliance.
In this palace, three to four hundred warriors were bustling with activity. These warriors were in groups of three to five and were scattered throughout the hall.
The outer examination had already been held for ten days. As for the contents of the upcoming assessment, many warriors had an idea in their hearts. They were very clear that in the upcoming assessment, they would all become competitors. These several hundred people had all passed the test of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. Their strength wouldn't be weak. Therefore, they all revealed a trace of vigilance towards each other. When facing some particularly powerful independent warriors, they would pay extra attention to them.
After Luo Zheng showed his nameplate to the guards at the entrance of the palace, he strode into the palace.
When Luo Zheng had just stepped into the palace, more than half of the three to four hundred warriors cast their gazes on Luo Zheng. Among them, most of the warriors revealed looks of surprise.
The warrior named "Ao Xiang" who had passed the test earlier was also in the palace. He threw a few surprised glances at Luo Zheng, then he confirmed that Luo Zheng was really only a Third Level Divine Reflection Realm warrior. Ao Xiang was one of the few warriors who had passed the test with a cultivation base at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm. This was enough to make Ao Xiang feel proud. After all, most of the warriors at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm couldn't change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. However, not only did Ao Xiang do it, he even made the Divine Origin Magnet Stone turn red for three breaths of time.
This result had surpassed many Divine Core warriors.
But Ao Xiang had not expected that a martial artist at the third level of the Divine Reflection Realm would actually pass the registration test!
"This guy is interesting." Ao Xiang lowered his head and said with an indifferent tone.
What Ao Xiang didn't know was that not only did Luo Zheng change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, he also made it last for the time it took for an incense stick to burn.
None of the warriors who had participated in the outer selection were able to do it!
Ao Xiang wasn't the only one who was interested in Luo Zheng.
Among all the warriors who had entered the palace, the weakest were at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm. Most of them were at the Early Divine Core realm, and a small portion of them were at the Mid Divine Core realm!
All of these people were the best amongst all the independent warriors. Without using any resources from those big sects, they were all at least Earth rank geniuses.
Two Mid Divine Core warriors had their eyes closed. They were leaning against the walls of the palace, resting their minds. They hadn't opened their eyes since the beginning, but they had noticed Luo Zheng's presence.
"This is strange, a Third Level Divine Reflection Realm young man is here." One of the warriors said with a low voice.
Another warrior opened his eyes and threw a glance at Luo Zheng. After that, he casually closed his eyes again. "He is indeed at the Third Level Divine Reflection realm, and it seems like he has some special talent. I think he has a deep understanding of some kind of law."
"Let's play with him when the outer selection begins." The warrior was obviously interested in Luo Zheng.
"Don't be silly, our goal is the inner selection, don't cause any unnecessary trouble." Another warrior said with an indifferent tone.
Even when facing so many Divine Core warriors, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He was a warrior, but he was also a man with flesh and blood. Occasionally, his emotions would fluctuate. Perhaps it was because his heart of martial arts was relaxed, but when he set his goal, his heart would be as firm as a rock!