After entering the palace, right after Luo Zheng took two steps forward, a warrior with a pale face immediately blocked in front of Luo Zheng. He crossed his arms and stared at Luo Zheng in an unscrupulous manner.
"Yo, fourth level Divine Reflection realm! I'm curious, how did you register? "The pale-faced warrior blocked Luo Zheng's path and asked with a grin on his face.
Luo Zheng threw a glance at this man. Judging from the energy ripples emanating from his body, this man should be an Early Divine Core warrior.
"Get out of my way!" Luo Zheng said with a cold voice.
He was here to participate in the outer circle exam, and he didn't want to cause any trouble. Besides, this was the World Business Alliance's territory, and if he started a fight here, the World Business Alliance would definitely do something about it.
"Tsk tsk," The pale-faced warrior shook his head, "You're not strong, but you have a bad temper. Tell me, how did you pass the Divine Magnetic Stone's test?"
Luo Zheng furrowed his forehead, and a helpless expression emerged in his eyes. Wherever he went, he would bump into someone who wanted to cause him trouble. After thinking for a moment, a faint smile emerged on his face, "You really want to know?"
"I told you I'm curious, don't you have ears?" The pale-faced warrior raised his brows.
Luo Zheng gazed at this man with an indifferent expression, then he said word by word, "It's your business if you're curious, but how I passed the Divine Magnetic Stone's test is none of your business."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the surrounding warriors burst into laughter. A Divine Core warrior was being teased by a Divine Reflection warrior, it was really funny.
However, as the one being teased, the pale-faced cultivator certainly couldn't laugh. He originally had a sickly appearance and his face was deathly pale. Amidst the laughter of the many cultivators, his pale face was dyed with a strange flush of red.
"You …" The pale-faced warrior gritted his teeth, and he was about to attack.
Luo Zheng's expression remained the same. He stared at the pale-faced warrior indifferently, like a crocodile lurking in a deep pool.
In the Upper Realm, not only had Luo Zheng comprehended the power of nine Origin Laws, but his soul had also stepped into the War Soul Realm. More importantly, in the last two months, he had used the secret cultivation room of the Dragon Bloodline to devour a drop of True Dragon Blood Essence and ten drops of True Dragon Blood. Not only had his cultivation base improved by leaps and bounds, but his strength had also improved by leaps and bounds.
Especially the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel, which was a Saint-level technique, Luo Zheng had cultivated it to the third level.
When Luo Zheng had cultivated to the first level, he had easily defeated Zhuo Bufan. Moreover, at that time, Luo Zheng had only been a Xiantian lifeform. Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the third level of the Divine Illumination Realm, his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds. He had appeared from the Rising Dragon Arena and fought with Jiang Yunfei of the Blood Wood Cliff. Relying on his understanding of the Laws of Space, Luo Zheng had severely injured Jiang Yunfei with a single punch.
If this pale-faced cultivator in front of him wanted to make a move, he could seize this opportunity to assess his strength.
Therefore, Luo Zheng stared at the pale-faced cultivator with a calm expression. Every part of his body had quietly tensed up, accumulating power and waiting for this guy to make a move.
Unfortunately, just as this pale-faced cultivator was about to make a move, a Deacon of the World Business Alliance walked out and warned him with a dark expression, "If you make a move here, you'll be disqualified from the outer examination immediately! You'll be expelled from Heaven Awakening City! "
Hearing the Deacon's warning, the pale-faced cultivator's face suddenly changed. He had already obtained the qualifications to enter the outer examination, so he naturally didn't want to be expelled. He could only endure it for now!
He pointed at Luo Zheng's nose and gnashed his teeth as he said, "Just you wait! In the outer examination, I'll make you miserable. "
"I hope so," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Whether it was the outer examination or the inner examination, Luo Zheng had to be in his best condition. Therefore, today, Luo Zheng didn't evade at all. He had to adjust his fighting spirit to the strongest state possible!
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't flinch at all and was full of confidence, the other warriors who were watching the show were a little surprised. Could it be that this guy in the Third Stage of Divine Reflection Realm really had the confidence to fight an Early Divine Core warrior? Or did he have some hidden trump card?
The Central Domain was so big. The population was in the billions, and the number of cultivators was in the billions. As the saying goes, when the forest is big, there are all kinds of birds. Among the billions of cultivators, it wasn't surprising that there were a few cultivators with special physiques or unique talents.
However, there were only a few people who guessed this. Most of the cultivators still disdained Luo Zheng. Most of the cultivators thought that Luo Zheng was just a little Divine Reflection Realm cultivator. Being so arrogant would only lead to his death. There was no way he could pass the outer examination. Moreover, after being eliminated, he would still have to face the pale-faced cultivator. This guy was simply seeking his own death.
At this moment, a middle-aged cultivator wearing a brown coat walked in from the front row of the palace. Everyone knew that the outer examination was about to begin. Everyone's attention shifted from Luo Zheng.
The middle-aged cultivator said with a voice full of energy, "Everyone has traveled thousands of miles to participate in the Martial Arts Conference held by the World Business Alliance. On behalf of the World Business Alliance, I feel extremely honored."
The World Business Alliance was indeed a business organization. Even when holding a Martial Arts Conference, their words were very pleasant to hear. Because of this, the World Business Alliance had won over many powerful independent cultivators. Some of these independent cultivators were even stronger than the Sect Masters of fourth-grade sects!
"Congratulations to everyone for successfully registering. Next, we will enter the outer examination. In this round, we will finally choose three people to enter the inner competition," the middle-aged cultivator announced.
"Only three people will enter the inner competition? That's a bit troublesome … "
"Hundreds of people competing for three spots. The probability is too low!"
"Hehe, one of the spots is destined to be mine."
Hearing that there were only three spots, there was a lot of discussion for a while. From these discussions, one could see the mentality of these cultivators. Their hearts of martial arts could also be immediately determined.
Some people were worried that there were too few spots and that it would be difficult for them to stand out among the hundreds of cultivators. However, some people were full of confidence and believed that they would be one of the three people. There were also some scheming people who calculated their own chances of getting a spot!
Everyone had different expressions on their faces. Some were expectant, some were cautious, some were cautious, and some were anxious.
If someone were to look at Luo Zheng's face right now, they would discover that Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with a stubborn belief. This was the belief that he would definitely win.
The outer examination would be held every day before the inner competition. Therefore, there would be three people who would be qualified to enter the inner competition every day.
If Luo Zheng couldn't even get first place in the outer examination, then there was no need for him to participate in the inner competition. After all, the person he wanted to kill was Si Miaoling! Si Miaoling was a Mid Divine Core warrior, and she also possessed the same Extreme Violet Yin Body as Luo Yan. She was also someone who was trained by Cui Xie, so it wasn't hard to imagine how difficult it would be to kill her.
Therefore, this was just the first step.
"Let me explain the rules of the outer examination in detail …" After that, the middle aged man started explaining the rules of the outer examination with a loud and clear voice. His voice was clear, and he spoke at a moderate speed. All 400 warriors quieted down and listened carefully to the rules.
There was a word 'test' in the outer examination. In fact, it was a test as well, not just a simple fight. It was also a super large illusion formation set up by the World Business Alliance.
The size of this illusion formation was much larger than any illusion formation that Luo Zheng had seen before. Compared to the illusion formation he had seen in the Blue Cloud Sect, it was like a child's play.
The middle aged man spent half the time it took for an incense stick to burn to explain the rules. After that, he took a step to the side, extended his hand, and pulled down the curtain that was hanging on the wall of the palace.
"Now that all the rules are clear, everyone, you can enter the illusion formation now!" With a smile on his face, the middle aged man added, "Good luck to all of you!"
Behind the curtain was the entrance to the huge illusion formation. The entrance was pitch black, and no light could be seen coming from it. Many warriors participating in the outer examination filed in from the entrance, and their figures disappeared one by one.
Luo Zheng was the last to arrive, and he was originally the last in line. Before entering, the middle aged man noticed Luo Zheng. After noticing Luo Zheng's cultivation, the middle aged man's face was also full of astonishment, but he quickly smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Good luck to you."
"Well, thank you," Luo Zheng replied calmly, and then entered the illusion formation.
The middle aged man touched his nose, thinking that he had seen a ghost. The outer examination had been held for so many days, and even warriors at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm were rarely seen. How could a Divine Reflection Third Layer warrior suddenly appear? Moreover, the middle aged man clearly felt Luo Zheng's confidence! Did he plan to advance to the inner examination?
After Luo Zheng entered the illusion formation, he found himself in a vast expanse of white space, and the outline of the surrounding scenery was revealed little by little.
Around him was an emerald green grassland, and along with the grassland, there was a small pagoda as tall as three people. On this small pagoda, two words were written, "Luo Zheng", and on the small pagoda stood an archer with a longbow in his hand!
"This illusion formation's design is interesting," Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a smile.
＝＝＝＝＝