The middle-aged martial artist from before had fully explained the rules. The Outer Trial was divided into two stages.
The first stage was to surround and protect the small pagoda and obtain a certain amount of points. These points were the most important things in the Outer Trial. Only the top three martial artists with the highest points could obtain the qualifications to enter the Inner Trial.
On the side of the small pagoda, Luo Zheng's points were displayed. At this moment, a large "0" was displayed. In addition to displaying the points, there was also an arc-shaped crystal ball above the pagoda. This crystal ball recorded the number of times the small pagoda was attacked.
While Luo Zheng was observing, a violent bell sound suddenly came from the sky.
"Dang!"
After the bell sound disappeared, a row of densely packed black dots appeared at the end of the grassland.
"They're here!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he looked at the end of the grassland. These small black dots were densely packed spiders. They had three eyes on their heads, which emitted a faint red light. This kind of Three-Eyed Spider's attack power was not strong, but there were many of them.
According to Luo Zheng's understanding of the rules, these Three-Eyed Spiders would attack Luo Zheng and the small pagoda beside him. If the small pagoda was attacked more than twenty times, the small pagoda would be destroyed and Luo Zheng would be eliminated.
Therefore, what Luo Zheng had to do was to kill as many of these Three-Eyed Spiders as possible and not let them get close to the small pagoda.
"Creak … Buzz!"
When the Three-Eyed Spiders came within a certain range, the archer on the small pagoda suddenly pulled the bowstring and shot an arrow into the distance. The archer's archery was extremely accurate. When the arrow was shot, a Three-Eyed Spider in the distance was immediately knocked down to the ground.
This small pagoda could assist Luo Zheng in his attacks. However, although the small pagoda's archery was sharp, every time it shot an arrow, a Three-Eyed Spider would be knocked down to the ground.
Although the archer on the small pagoda's archery was sharp, he could only kill one Three-Eyed Spider at a time. In the face of the sea of Three-Eyed Spiders, it was just a drop in the bucket. Luo Zheng still needed to act.
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. When those Three-Eyed Spiders came within a certain range, he directly rushed forward.
The difficulty of this first wave of Three-Eyed Spiders was not high. It was just that there were a lot of them. This wave of Three-Eyed Spiders that came from all directions numbered in the thousands. They had to use extremely fast methods to kill these Three-Eyed Spiders. As long as a few dozen Three-Eyed Spiders were released, each Three-Eyed Spider would be eliminated after attacking Small Tower once.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword. In an instant, more than a dozen Three-eyed Spiders were cut down and turned into specks of light before dissipating.
His figure rampaged across the grassland. Wherever he passed, the Three-eyed Spiders would fall to the ground, turning into colorful specks of light and dissipating. With the Archer on the small tower shooting, more than half of the thousands of Three-eyed Spiders were annihilated in a short while.
"Could it be that the first wave of attacks wasn't that big? I didn't use any AoE attacks, so the speed shouldn't be that fast either!" Looking at the decreasing number of Three-Eyed Spiders, Luo Zheng's figure also turned into a thin line and rushed forward to kill them all. If he was careless and let a Three-Eyed Spider pass, the loss would outweigh the gain. After all, Small Tower could only withstand 20 attacks.
Luo Zheng's speculation was correct. Among the warriors in this giant illusion array, Luo Zheng's speed was still relatively slow.
For example, the warrior named Ao Xiang. Facing this sea of Three-Eyed Spiders, he stood at the top of Small Tower. After pulling out the scimitar from his back, a cyan astral wind spiraled around him. Then, Ao Xiang gently waved his hand towards the sea of Three-Eyed Spiders.
"Blade Storm!"
Countless cyan astral winds burst out from Ao Xiang's body and spread out in all directions with him as the center.
The astral winds turned into little half-moon-shaped blades that crushed towards the Three-Eyed Spiders. Wherever these blades passed, the Three-Eyed Spiders would be cut into pieces!
Another example was the pale-faced martial artist. He looked sickly, but at this time, he was like a ghost, his figure swaying like a ghost. He waited until the Three-eyed Spiders were a hundred feet away from the small pagoda before a gloomy smile appeared on his face.
"Limitless Ghost Hand!"
As the pale-faced warrior continued to sway, numerous ghost hands suddenly appeared from his body. The number of these ghost hands was astonishing. Each of these ghost hands rushed towards a Three-Eyed Spider. When these ghost hands arrived in front of the Three-Eyed Spiders, they gently grabbed them and crushed them into pieces, turning them into specks of light that dissipated into the illusion array.
In the palace outside the illusion array, in addition to the middle-aged warrior who had informed Luo Zheng of the rules of the illusion array, there were three more Elders!
Surprisingly, one of them was the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance's sub-alliance, Mo Yuezhang, whom Luo Zheng had met once before.
The Martial Dao Competition this time was the World Business Alliance's greatest event, so Mo Yuezhang had been called back from Ocean of Clouds City by the World Business Alliance.
"The strength of the 400 cultivators in the test today seems to be slightly stronger than yesterday. They merely utilized 3 breaths of time to annihilate the fastest cultivator in the first wave, and even the slowest ones only took less than the time for an incense stick to burn." The middle aged warrior stared at a letter tablet before him.
The letter tablet used by the World Business Alliance was extremely large, and it practically occupied an entire wall of the palace.
The letter tablet didn't just display the images of the cultivators within the illusion array, it also recorded the state of the small pagodas that the cultivators were guarding. After the first wave of Tri-Eyed Spiders, not a single cultivator's small pagoda had been attacked, so it was displayed as having been attacked 20 times.
Mo Yuezhang nodded, "Indeed. Looks like the battle for the top 3 will be even more intense today." As he spoke, he moved his gaze towards the cultivators who were the slowest to kill the Tri-Eyed Spiders. When he saw Luo Zheng's name recorded on the letter tablet, his brows suddenly twitched, and then he said to the middle-aged warrior, "Open the image of this cultivator."
The middle-aged warrior was very curious as to why Mo Yuezhang would pay attention to this young man called Luo Zheng. He controlled the letter tablet as he said, "This cultivator is very strange. He's clearly only at the 3rd level of the Divine Reflection Realm, yet he was actually able to pass the registration test. However, it seems like his strength isn't outstanding, and he was ranked last in the first wave."
"It really is him!"
Mo Yuezhang revealed a pleasantly surprised expression when Luo Zheng's image appeared on the letter tablet.
"Who is he?" The middle-aged warrior revealed a strange expression.
Although Luo Zheng had returned from the Rising Dragon Arena, not many people knew about this matter. Only the Sect Masters of the large sects and the upper echelons of the World Business Alliance were aware of this matter, and the middle-aged warrior was unaware of this matter.
"This kid … is the runemaster with the 'perfect brushstrokes'. He's from the Cloud Hall," Mo Yuezhang said with a smile.
"A runemaster with the perfect brushstrokes? Cloud Hall's disciple! Elder Mo, could you have mistaken him for someone else? " The middle-aged warrior's expression changed. As a member of the World Business Alliance, this middle-aged warrior was well aware of the value of a runemaster with the perfect brushstrokes. But why would such a person participate in the Martial Arts Conference? More importantly, he was from the Cloud Hall.
As a peak fourth-grade sect, the Cloud Hall had a quota for the inner competition. Their disciples generally would not sign up for the outer competition and compete with the third-grade sects and independent warriors for a spot. Moreover, this kid was a runemaster and should not be good at fighting. Why would he participate in the outer competition?
"I know him, there's no mistake about it." Mo Yuezhang shook his head. "As for why he wants to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, that's unknown."
The middle-aged warrior shook his head. "No wonder he took so long to pass the first round of the assessment. It took him an incense stick's worth of time to kill all the three-eyed spiders. I don't think he can last more than five waves."
"Five waves?" Mo Yuezhang shook his head, then smiled. "He should be able to last until the tenth wave."
Another Sect Elder standing next to him let out a laugh. "Elder Mo, I don't think you're overestimating this kid. The seventh wave of the illusion formation will be a huge beast tide. I think this kid's limit is the sixth wave, or the seventh wave … I think he might not be able to last until the sixth wave."
These Sect Elders knew a lot about this illusion formation. It wasn't easy to protect the small tower. The strength of each wave was stronger than the previous one. The first five waves were still manageable, but after the sixth wave, the difficulty level would increase exponentially.
Although the Sect Elders had different opinions, none of them thought Luo Zheng would be able to pass the test.
The combat strength of a runemaster was not high, and Luo Zheng was only at the third level of the Divine Reflection realm.
Indeed, there were a dozen Divine Reflection warriors who had successfully registered for the competition. But, those who managed to pass the outer competition and get a spot were all Divine Core warriors. There wasn't a single Divine Reflection warrior!