It couldn't be said that the General Commerce League had underestimated Luo Zheng. After all, this illusory formation wasn't prepared for a Divine Illumination Realm martial artist like Luo Zheng. It wasn't even prepared for a Divine Illumination Realm martial artist.
The difficulty of this super large illusion formation was actually set up for a Divine Core warrior. Only a small number of Divine Reflection warriors were able to enter it, and they could only last until the sixth or seventh wave before the tower was destroyed.
"Let's wait and see. No matter what, he is a Rune Master, but he was able to pass the registration test and cause the Divine Magnetic Stone to change its color. That's amazing." Mo Yuezhang shook his head. Although he admired Luo Zheng's skill in Runes, this illusion formation didn't test one's skill in Runes, it tested one's overall strength!
"Actually, I'm curious as well, how did this guy pass the registration test?" The middle aged man said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was too eye-catching, because it was ridiculously low. He was just a Third Level Divine Reflection warrior, and when he stood in a crowd of Divine Core warriors, it was hard for him not to attract attention.
The middle aged man immediately said, "I've sent someone to Elder Xiao, I asked him to bring me today's registration record. I wonder if Elder Xiao is here right now."
While these men were talking, another man walked into the palace. He was the old man with the handlebar mustache, the Old Xiao mentioned by the middle aged man.
When Mo Yuezhang saw Old Xiao, he greeted him with a smile on his face, then he shouted, "Elder Xiao, we were just talking about you, and here you are!"
Elder Xiao nodded his head. His eyes were fixed on the huge letter tablet, then he asked, "I want to know about that warrior called Luo Zheng, what is his result in the illusion formation?"
Hearing that Elder Xiao wanted to know about Luo Zheng's result, Mo Yuezhang and the middle aged man both had strange expressions on their faces. After that, Mo Yuezhang asked, "Elder Xiao, why do you want to know about his result?"
Elder Xiao let out a mischievous laugh, then he shook his head and didn't say anything. His eyes were fixed on the letter tablet, and Luo Zheng's image was displayed on it. Next to it was a list of Luo Zheng's data.
"Passing the first wave ranked 392?" Elder Xiao was slightly stunned. "Why is it so bad?"
Now, Luo Zheng's performance was beyond Elder Xiao's expectation.
Seeing Elder Xiao's expression, Mo Yuezhang and the middle-aged martial artist were even more puzzled. Mo Yuezhang immediately said, "What? Luo Zheng's result is very normal. He's only at the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm, and he's also a rune master... "
"Runemaster?" Old Xiao exclaimed as he stared at Mo Yuezhang.
Mo Yuezhang chuckled, "Elder Xiao, you really are forgetful. I was the one who got this news from Cloudsea City. Didn't I say that a Runemaster has appeared in the Cloud Hall of Cloudsea City? This kid has perfect brush strokes, and he will become a rune master sooner or later. "
Elder Xiao looked as if he had seen a ghost. He exclaimed, "Oh my god!"
"What's wrong now?" Mo Yuezhang looked at Elder Xiao's crazy look. This guy was not usually like this.
Elder Xiao casually tossed a name list to Mo Yuezhang. "Take a look for yourself!"
Mo Yuezhang stared at Elder Xiao strangely for a while before opening the name list. When he saw the first name on the list, he was surprised to see that it was Luo Zheng.
This list listed the results of the registration test. Normally, the highest results would be ranked first, so Mo Yuezhang was even more curious when he saw Luo Zheng's name. His gaze followed Luo Zheng's name to the back, and he saw Luo Zheng's result. Thirty minutes!
"Cough cough …" Mo Yuezhang coughed violently. "Thirty minutes? Elder Xiao, did you make a mistake?"
What was the Divine Origin Magnet Stone?
This thing was obtained from a Divine Origin Magnet Mountain in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. It was very strange. It was neither gold nor iron, and it was impervious to all things. Furthermore, it could not be refined or used to refine weapons.
After the World Business Alliance obtained this thing, they had studied it for decades, but the various weapon refiners in the Central Domain were helpless. In the end, it was discovered that it could sense a certain amount of power of law, so it was used as a testing stone …
Mo Yuezhang had tried using this magical stone before. Even he could only make the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for ten breaths of time. Furthermore, Mo Yuezhang had seen with his own eyes that one of the three leaders of the World Business Alliance, Yan Yueshan, could only make the Divine Origin Magnet Stone change color for twenty breaths of time with his incomparably profound Sacred Flame Palm.
How could Mo Yuezhang believe Elder Xiao's words?
Elder Xiao's mustache curled up, and his face darkened. "Mo Yuezhang, what do you mean by that? Do I, Elder Xiao, have to lie like this? Who is this Luo Zheng to me? "
Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang were both elders of the World Business Alliance, but Mo Yuezhang was also the leader of a sub-alliance, so his status was slightly higher than Elder Xiao's. However, Elder Xiao was someone from the headquarters after all. Although he had been marginalized in recent years, he did not necessarily have to give Mo Yuezhang too much face.
"This … that," Mo Yuezhang was a little embarrassed and chuckled. "I just find it a little hard to believe. Elder Xiao, don't take it to heart."
Elder Xiao did not mind. If he had not seen it with his own eyes, he would also find it hard to believe. Elder Xiao only stared at Xin Gui and said, "I've never seen such a strange thing. He doesn't seem to have cultivated a lightning-attribute cultivation technique, but purely used the power of the lightning-attribute law. I've also never seen such pure lightning-attribute law power …"
This was what Elder Xiao could not figure out.
If a warrior was proficient in a certain type of Origin Source Law, he would definitely cultivate that type of cultivation technique. For example, Elder Xiao was proficient in the power of the wind-attribute law, so he naturally cultivated a wind-attribute cultivation technique. This was called making the best use of everything. As long as a warrior's brain was not fried, he would definitely choose this!
But since Luo Zheng was so proficient in the lightning-attribute law, why didn't he cultivate a lightning-attribute cultivation technique?
Hearing Elder Xiao's words, the elders of the World Business Alliance, as well as the middle-aged warrior, were stunned. If Luo Zheng was really like this, it could only be said that he was recklessly wasting God's gift.
However, they did not know that Luo Zheng was not only proficient in the lightning-attribute law. He had comprehended a total of nine types of Origin Source Law, and only used the lightning-attribute law power when he struck the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone with his palm.
"Even so, it doesn't mean that he can pass the outer test and get a place in the inner competition," the middle-aged warrior said, shaking his head.
Mo Yuezhang also maintained his view. "That's true. Even though he has comprehended a lot of lightning-attribute law power, his cultivation is still too weak."
Elder Xiao's mustache rose slightly. "I think that Luo Zheng is qualified to enter the inner competition! Old Man Mo, do you want to make a bet with me? "
Mo Yuezhang chuckled but did not say anything. Obviously, he was unwilling to make a bet with Elder Xiao.
As they spoke, the second wave of attacks in the illusion array began.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was still studying the points beside the small pagoda. The reason why Luo Zheng was amazed at the ingenious construction of the illusion array was because of this. After killing the group of Three-Eyed Spiders, Luo Zheng had obtained a total of 1,000 points.
When he killed those Three-Eyed Spiders, he did not count the number of Three-Eyed Spiders. Now it seemed that there were exactly 1,000 of them, and each Three-Eyed Spider produced one point.
These points were not only the key to obtaining three places, but more importantly, they could be used to strengthen this small pagoda!
The middle-aged warrior had also mentioned this rule before. With each wave of attacks, the strength of these fierce beasts in the illusion array would become stronger and stronger. It was impossible to rely solely on warriors to kill them, so there was no need to be stingy with these points. As the level of the small pagoda increased, the power of this small pagoda would also become stronger and stronger, and it would become a powerful ally of the pagoda's guardian!
"1,000 points, strengthen them all!"
Luo Zheng did not hesitate and invested all his points into this small pagoda.
Almost in an instant, Luo Zheng's points next to the small pagoda returned to zero. At the same time, the small pagoda was shrouded in a red light. After a while, the red light dissipated, and a brand new small pagoda appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The strengthened small pagoda's height had increased by three feet, and the skirt of the small pagoda was also inlaid with a golden pattern, making it much more powerful. At the same time, there was one more Archer on the small pagoda. There were now two Archers on the small pagoda!
He did not know to what extent this small pagoda could be strengthened with the addition of points.