Luo Zheng jumped up, stood at the top of the small pagoda, and looked into the distance.
At the end of the grassland, there appeared a large group of crazily running demons! These Demon Clansmen were clad in shining silver armor, exposing half of their strong shoulders. They held two red javelins in each hand as they rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Javelins, long-range attack?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, and without the slightest hesitation, rushed towards these demons.
These demons ran extremely fast, and the javelins in their hands could be thrown from a distance to destroy the small pagoda. They must be killed before they could get close. Once these demons got close, a few dozen javelins would be enough to destroy the small pagoda.
"Pa pa …"
The two archers on the small pagoda shot two arrows, and these two arrows knocked down two demon javelins.
At this moment, Luo Zheng also rushed into this group of demons, and began to kill them.
But just as he got close to the demons, they suddenly let out a roar!
"Roar!"
After the demons roared, their eyes began to turn red, and at the same time, they raised their javelins and threw them at Luo Zheng.
"Huh? These demons will also take the initiative to attack me. "
Luo Zheng originally thought that these attacks would be directed at the small pagoda, but he didn't expect that they would attack him. His figure flashed, and he passed through the densely packed javelins, and continued to wave the Bloodthirsty Sword in his hand, and began a new round of harvest.
The demons were much stronger than the Three-eyed Spider, and they were different. The Three-eyed Spider didn't take the initiative to attack Luo Zheng, and only attacked the small pagoda. On the other hand, these demons not only ran at an astonishing speed, but also took the initiative to attack Luo Zheng while running!
Fortunately, there weren't as many demons as the Three-eyed Spider. In front of him, there were only a little more than two hundred javelins.
"Kill!"
After passing through these javelins, Luo Zheng's Bloodthirsty Sword constantly touched the necks of the demons. Every time it slashed, it would often take the lives of three or four demons.
In fact, Luo Zheng also had a faster way to kill these demons. However, during the time he spent cultivating in the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng had a new understanding of the Dao of Extreme Simplicity! He felt that this set of "Basic Swordsmanship" that had been simplified to the extreme still had room to be simplified!
Luo Zheng didn't know how much he could simplify and what changes would occur if he continued simplifying, because he didn't know the end of the Way of Minimalism.
However, Luo Zheng's comprehension of the Dao of Minimalism was still at a hazy stage. He needed a lot of practice to make a breakthrough. Therefore, he kept using the extremely inefficient method of "Basic Swordsmanship" to harvest these demon javelins.
Although the efficiency was a little slow, Luo Zheng was still able to comprehend something from the sword strike.
Luo Zheng didn't intend to use his full strength in the first stage of the peripheral test. Besides, this was only the second wave of attack. There was no need for him to use his full strength.
As for the speed at which he killed these Demons … Luo Zheng was too lazy to compare himself with others, not to mention that many cultivators were scattered throughout this vast prairie. In the first stage, no one would be so bored as to come looking for trouble with him.
"Kill, kill, kill!"
When Luo Zheng was in the Trial of Blood and Fire, he was chased by a demon all the way. But now, facing these well-equipped demon javelins, Luo Zheng was like a reaper harvesting wheat, harvesting them one by one. In a short while, he had killed most of these demons.
After killing all the demon javelins in front of him, Luo Zheng turned around and his complexion suddenly changed. He had actually missed two demons!
The eyes of those two demons were red. They waved the javelins in their hands and rapidly rushed towards the small pagoda.
Two hundred feet, one hundred and fifty feet, one hundred feet …
"Oh no!"
The small pagoda could only withstand twenty attacks. These two demons had four javelins in their hands. They would attack the small pagoda at least four times!
In this illusion array, this was only the second wave of attack. If the small pagoda was attacked four times in the second wave, Luo Zheng was afraid that it would be difficult to cope with the following attacks.
However, just as Luo Zheng was worrying, he heard two "pop pop" sounds. Two sharp arrows were inserted into the chests of the two demons, shooting them to the ground.
"That was close!"
Just now, Luo Zheng was also a little careless. He wanted to hone his basic swordsmanship, hoping to make a new breakthrough in the path of minimalism, and accidentally missed two demons.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had upgraded the small pagoda in the last round, and the two archers easily dealt with the demons.
In the palace, Mo Yuezhang, Old Xiao, and the others saw Luo Zheng's performance and couldn't help but shake their heads.
"The second wave of attack of the demons was not strong. None of the four hundred warriors had their pagoda attacked. Although Luo Zheng's pagoda was still not attacked, his performance just now … is still a little lacking," Mo Yuezhang said faintly.
The middle-aged warrior also agreed with Mo Yuezhang's words, "Indeed, just the second wave of attack was so difficult. The defensive power of the black tortoise in the third wave is amazing. I'm afraid Luo Zheng won't be able to withstand it. I estimate that he can last until the fourth wave at most."
Old Xiao's eyes also flashed with a touch of doubt, at the same time saying, "He clearly comprehended the power of the Law of Thunder, why is he only using swordsmanship?"
Luo Zheng did not use any means, just used his extremely fast speed, coupled with his basic swordsmanship to constantly kill. Compared to other warriors, this efficiency was not just a little bit slower. Other warriors could kill a large number of demons as soon as they attacked, but Luo Zheng could only kill one at a time. The gap was obvious.
This was what puzzled Old Xiao.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not care about Old Xiao's feelings. He simply did not know that someone was paying attention to him through the letter tablet.
After killing these demon javelins, Luo Zheng obtained three thousand points, which he put into the small pagoda almost without hesitation.
With Luo Zheng's understanding of the rules of this illusion array, if he wanted to advance to the top three, he could only rely on snatching the points of others!
In the first stage, he had to defend against ten waves of attacks. In this stage, most of the warriors would be eliminated, but in the second stage, he would have to face the attacks of other warriors and destroy their small pagoda to snatch their points. At that time, the small pagoda would play a very important role.
Therefore, it was very necessary to strengthen the small pagoda.
After a red light flashed, the small pagoda was strengthened a second time by Luo Zheng. After the strengthening, golden patterns began to appear on the surface of the small pagoda. The number of archers on the small pagoda also increased to three, and at the same time, the bows in their hands also changed!
Looking at the dark green arrows, even Luo Zheng felt a trace of threat.
"Sure enough, if this small pagoda continues to be strengthened like this, its power will not be underestimated." Luo Zheng praised.
He knew that when the small pagoda was strengthened, the other warriors would be strengthened as well. In the second stage, when Luo Zheng was thinking of ways to kill other warriors, he would have to be careful of the small pagoda's power.
Soon, the third wave of attacks was launched. Looking at a group of Black Tortoises slowly appearing in the distance, a cautious expression emerged in Luo Zheng's eyes. These Black Tortoises had incredible defensive strength, and it seemed like he wouldn't be able to use any of his basic sword skills this time.
Inside the palace, Mo Yuezhang was no longer paying attention to Luo Zheng. Instead, he switched the image on the letter tablet to the novice disciple who had performed the best.
"This is a warrior called Ao Xiang, he's pretty strong. In the first two waves of attacks, his results were among the best. Although he's only an Extreme Divine Reflection warrior, he's stronger than most Divine Core warriors." Mo Yuezhang said as the image on the letter tablet paused on Ao Xiang.
"This man is pretty strong, he might be able to get a spot. If he does, he'll be the only Extreme Divine Reflection warrior to enter the inner competition." Old Man Xiao nodded his head as well.
"The third wave of attacks from the Black Tortoises, I think Ao Xiang will be able to deal with it easily. The wind blades he condenses have incredible destructive strength, I don't think the Black Tortoises will be able to withstand his attacks." The middle aged warrior agreed.
Under their gazes, Ao Xiang was killing the Black Tortoises with incredible speed! The shells on the backs of these Black Tortoises could be used to craft defensive armors. A good weapon refiner could even craft an Immortal Weapon. This was enough to prove how hard the shells of these Black Tortoises were!
The number of Black Tortoises around Ao Xiang kept decreasing, and in just a blink of an eye, half of them were gone. It looked like Ao Xiang would be able to take first place in terms of speed after dealing with the third wave of attacks. Just as Mo Yuezhang was about to let out a sigh, he glanced at the edge of the letter tablet, where the progress of the other warriors was recorded.
When Mo Yuezhang saw Luo Zheng's name, he was startled for a second, and a shocked expression emerged on his face once again.
The letter tablet showed that Luo Zheng had successfully dealt with the third wave of attacks.
"What's going on?" Mo Yuezhang was startled.
Old Man Xiao and the middle aged warrior looked at each other, they had no idea what Mo Yuezhang meant.
Mo Yuezhang did not explain, and directly switched the image of the letter tablet to Luo Zheng. Then, the three of them were dumbfounded. They saw that the Black Tortoises around Luo Zheng had all been killed by him, not a single one was left!
Just now, Luo Zheng had almost been hit by the Demon Clan's javelins during the second wave of defense, causing Mo Yuezhang, Old Man Xiao, and the others to give up on pursuing Luo Zheng. They did not expect that just as they finished praising Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng would directly wipe out all the Black Tortoises.
Ao Xiang's speed of killing Black Tortoises was still in first place, but Luo Zheng had already completed it … He was twice as fast as Ao Xiang!
Mo Yuezhang and the others realized that they had missed an exciting scene.
"Look, what's that?" The middle aged warrior pointed behind Luo Zheng and said.
At this moment, beside Luo Zheng, there was a young girl with an almost perfect appearance and figure. She was holding a huge sword that was three feet long, and she was standing on her tiptoes, stepping on the ground.
Mo Yuezhang's face was solemn, and there was even a hint of bitterness in his mouth. "I take back what I said before. This Luo Zheng is really too monstrous. His talent is definitely not limited to rune drawing. He can't be treated as a rune master! Beside him is a sword spirit, and a sword spirit that has already transformed … "
＝＝＝＝＝