Ever since Luo Zheng had passed the Path of Trials, Luo Zheng had never used his Sword Soul again.
In fact, it was rare to see a Sword Soul in human form. Even among Divine Core warriors, there weren't many who possessed a Sword Soul, let alone Luo Zheng's Sword Soul.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't know much about his Sword Soul.
Normally, anyone who entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain would be able to absorb a large amount of Sword Souls, but it would be extremely difficult to transform them.
But, Luo Zheng had transformed his Sword Soul in just one attempt. This meant that the problem lay with Yao Ye. Luo Zheng had only transformed his Sword Soul after defeating this young girl from the Yao Ye Clan. He didn't even give Luo Zheng a chance to visualize his Sword Soul, and transformed it into this young girl from the Yao Ye Clan right away.
Even Luo Zheng didn't know the reason behind this. He had asked Qinglong about this before, but Qinglong couldn't explain it either. He only told Luo Zheng that the Yao Ye Clan was extremely powerful, and they ruled over a 'big world'. Their overall strength was no weaker than the True Dragon Realm! The secrets of this powerful clan were not known to any outsiders.
Luo Zheng couldn't solve this mystery for now.
Up until now, Luo Zheng still hadn't found out the upper limit of Yao Ye's strength. After equipping Yao Ye with the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword, her combat strength had skyrocketed.
Facing the third wave of Black Tortoises, Luo Zheng didn't attack. He just gave Yao Ye an order. After that, like a red waterfall, she carried the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword and dashed towards the Black Tortoises.
Each Black Tortoise was 30 meters long, and the shell on their backs was 4 feet thick. Even Luo Zheng would have a hard time killing them. These Black Tortoises were moving very slowly, but it wasn't easy to kill them all before they could get close to Small Pagoda.
However, after Luo Zheng asked Yao Ye to take action, dealing with these Black Tortoises was like chopping vegetables. The thick armor of the Black Tortoises was like paper in front of the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword. Compared to a human, her almost perfect figure performed a graceful sword dance. Coupled with the sharpness of the giant sword, it didn't take long for her to clean up these black turtles.
Yao Ye who'd completed his assignment stood blankly on the spot with his enormous sword in hand. He seemed like a wooden puppet, and his peerlessly beautiful face was completely expressionless.
With a single command from Luo Zheng who sat on the pagoda, Yao Ye transformed into a crimson shadow and was swiftly summoned back to the pagoda by Luo Zheng.
The middle aged man stared blankly at Yao Ye's slender figure, and he revealed a bewildered expression, "Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit is extremely special!"
"Special? What is so special about it? " Even though Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang were both False Tribulation Realm experts and were even stronger than the middle aged man, they weren't swordsmen. Apart from understanding that Luo Zheng had summoned a Sword Spirit, they weren't able to discern anything else.
The middle-aged martial artist took out a long sword from his Sumeru Ring. It was a high-grade immortal tool. He gently waved the long sword in his hand and a burly figure appeared beside him. The figure was dark and slightly taller than the middle-aged martial artist. There were two swords in his hands, one black and one white.
"This is my Sword Spirit. You can easily discern the difference," said the middle aged man indifferently.
Mo Yuezhang carefully observed the middle aged man's Sword Spirit, and then he suddenly nodded, "It is indeed very different."
The middle aged man smiled and asked, "How is it different?"
"Your Sword Spirit is too ugly," said Mo Yuezhang suddenly.
"… …" The middle aged man was momentarily at a loss for words.
Elder Xiao chuckled, "Elder Mo is right. Your Sword Spirit is truly unbelievably ugly!"
The middle aged man's Sword Spirit was indeed very ugly. It was almost impossible to distinguish its nose from its eyes. The middle aged man didn't know whether to laugh or cry, "It is indeed ugly, but that's not the main point!"
A Sword Spirit required continuous accumulation before it could take form. During this process of accumulation, it would definitely be affected by the Sword Spirit's master. In the end, it would take a certain shape when it took form. The middle aged man had spent over 40 years to make his Sword Spirit take form.
Putting aside how Luo Zheng was able to make his Sword Spirit take form at such a young age, there were always a few monsters in the world who could do that. However, the shape of Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was too specific!
Whether it was the Sword Spirit Yao Ye's expression, appearance, or even every strand of hair was clearly visible! A Sword Spirit like this required not just a few dozen years, but a few hundred years, or even a few thousand years to condense to such a state.
The middle aged man spent a lot of effort explaining to Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao.
After all, the middle aged man was one of the top swordsmen in the Central Domain. He had trained in swordsmanship for a few dozen years and had cultivated his Sword Intent to perfection, so he was very clear about this.
Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit Yao Ye had once shown off in front of Hua Tianming, Shi Jingtian, and Ning Yudie. Hua Tianming was in the Eastern Domain, so it was impossible for Hua Tianming to have such knowledge. Even now, Hua Tianming didn't have his own Sword Intent.
As for Shi Jingtian and Ning Yudie, they weren't swordsmen and couldn't see through the mystery behind it.
However, the middle aged man was different. Therefore, compared to Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao, he was much more shocked when he saw the Sword Spirit Yao Ye. After all, he knew how difficult it was to condense a Sword Spirit of this level.
"A few hundred years, a thousand years? How is that possible?" Hearing the middle aged man's words, the shock on Mo Yuezhang's face deepened.
The middle aged man nodded. "I'm very sure that it's impossible to condense a Sword Spirit to this level without hundreds or thousands of years."
Elder Xiao sighed and said faintly, "Xue Jian, don't be so sure … Back then, who could have said that Cui Xie would become the strongest person in the Central Domain? He's not even forty years old yet! "
Hearing Elder Xiao mention Cui Xie, the few of them fell silent.
Among all the independent cultivators in the Central Domain, the Eastern Heretic Monarch Cui Xie was almost an anomaly.
In the Central Region, martial artists were divided into two categories: sect martial artists and independent martial artists. Among them, sect martial artists were much stronger than independent martial artists! Because the large sects had a deep history, they were able to cultivate cultivators more efficiently. This was why sects had more experts.
Independent cultivators were a force to be reckoned with in the Central Domain. This was because there were too many cultivators in the Central Domain. At least sixty percent of them were not from sects. Compared to sects, these independent cultivators were all stragglers. Their strength was not even worth mentioning!
However, the number of independent cultivators was too large. Among the hundreds of millions of independent cultivators, there were bound to be a few peerless geniuses! These independent cultivators did not have the care and nurturing of sects. Once they stood out, they were often more dazzling than sect cultivators. Their strength was also stronger.
For example, Nan Hua Supremacy, Xiang Tianxing, Chu Nantu, and so on. These famous experts were not inferior to the sect masters of large sects.
However, Xiang Tianxing, Chu Nantu, and the others had been famous for a long time. They were all old monsters who had lived for hundreds of years. However, Cui Xie was different.
He rose at the speed of a comet and became the number one expert in the Central Domain! Now, even the World Business Alliance, Void Spirit Sect, Cloud Hall, and other fourth-grade sects had to show respect to Cui Xie. They did not dare to offend the number one expert in the Central Domain.
It was said that some time ago, Cui Xie went to Cloud Hall and asked for a female cultivator with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Cloud Hall could only swallow their anger and give it to him.
It was not normal for such an elite to not have ambition. Therefore, it was said in the Central Domain that Cui Xie's goal was to unify the entire Central Domain and build a Kingdom of God!
If Cui Xie could really achieve this goal, the first to suffer would be the World Business Alliance and Void Spirit Sect.
People like Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang had very long lifespans. It was very likely that they would see this day in their lifetime. It was just that no one knew how much bloodshed would occur in the Central Domain and how much turmoil would occur in the World Business Alliance!
This was also why everyone fell silent when Elder Xiao mentioned Cui Xie. Cui Xie had become a shadow above the World Business Alliance that could not be dispelled. In fact, Cui Xie was not only a shadow above the World Business Alliance, but also a trouble for the fifth-grade sect, Void Spirit Sect!
"Elder Xiao, do you mean that Luo Zheng will rise like Cui Xie?" Mo Yuezhang asked.
Old Xiao chuckled and shook his head, "That's hard to say. Only one Cui Xie is born out of hundreds of millions of martial artists. Although Luo Zheng's current strength is formidable compared to his peers, and his talent is also ridiculously monstrous, the possibility of him reaching Cui Xie's level is still too low. However, I feel that his chances are many times higher than other martial artists!"