The middle aged man gazed at Xin Gui and said while the elders were in the midst of their discussion, "The fourth wave of attacks has begun."
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao instantly shifted their gazes towards Xin Gui when they heard the middle aged man.
During the third wave of attacks, Luo Zheng's speed in killing the Black Tortoise had inexplicably surpassed the 2nd in more than half the time. At that time, Mo Yuezhang and the others had been paying attention to the other Extreme Illumination cultivator, Ao Xiang, so they'd missed the scene of Yao Ye killing the Black Tortoise.
The middle aged man's words had piqued Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao's curiosity. He said that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was extraordinary. Exactly what was so extraordinary about it?
The only thing they'd felt was that Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was truly too beautiful. It was beautiful to the point of being slightly unnatural and abnormal. The Sword Spirit had pointy ears, and it didn't seem to be human. However, they didn't know which race it was because it actually possessed such a perfect body and appearance.
The attacks within the illusory formation grew stronger with each wave!
During the first wave of attacks from the Tri-Eyed Spiders and the second wave of attacks from the javelins, not a single cultivator had been eliminated. It was even to the extent that not a single cultivator's pagoda had been attacked.
However, during the third wave of attacks, 7 cultivators' pagoda had been destroyed by the Black Tortoises. As for the fourth wave of attacks, even more cultivators would be eliminated.
When the melodious sound of a bell resounded in the sky, Luo Zheng heard a sharp cry resounding from the sky. His eyes narrowed as he raised his head to look.
"The fourth wave of attacks is coming from the sky?"
A black mass of things suddenly appeared in the sky, and it was like a dark cloud that covered the sun as it pounced towards Luo Zheng.
When the black mass of clouds approached swiftly, Luo Zheng noticed that those black birds were Cadaver Crows!
These Cadaver Crows originally specialized in feeding on the corpses of animals and humans. Because they ate corpses all year round, their beaks were covered in a layer of corpse poison, and there was even a poison sac beneath their beaks that stored the poison. Cadaver Crows were extremely swift and vengeful. So long as a single Cadaver Crow was killed, then the cultivator would usually be besieged by hundreds or thousands of Cadaver Crows. It was a type of demon beast that cultivators loathed.
"These Cadaver Crows fly in the sky, and their speed is countless times faster than the javelins! There should be more people eliminated in this round! "
As the archers on the pagoda behind Luo Zheng pulled their bowstrings, Luo Zheng and his sword spirit, Yao Ye, shot into the sky at almost the same time.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng's Perfect Sword Intent wrapped around him in a flash. As long as the cadaveric crows were within three meters of Luo Zheng, they would be instantly cut into pieces by Luo Zheng's Sword Intent. He rampaged through the flock of cadaveric crows. Countless cadaveric crows fell from the sky like raindrops. Before their corpses could fall to the ground, they had already turned into light spots and dissipated one by one.
This time, Luo Zheng also used 50% of his strength. After all, he didn't dare to be careless in the face of this flock of corpse crows.
"Ga ga ga ga!"
These Cadaveric Crows would not sit still and wait for death. When they noticed Luo Zheng rushing in, they sprayed the poison in their poison sacs at Luo Zheng.
Balls of dark green corpse poison formed a large poisonous mist that enveloped Luo Zheng.
The corpse poison might affect other cultivators, but it was completely useless against Luo Zheng. His Spirit Artifact body was impervious to poison, so it was like he had entered unobstructed territory when he entered the poisonous mist.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of corpse poison, so Yao Ye was even less afraid. Compared to Luo Zheng, he slaughtered the Cadaveric Crows even faster!
She floated in the air, shuttling freely in the air like a fairy flying in the sky. She brandished her huge black sword like a flower of death, and the cadaveric crows fell in droves. Luo Zheng's points on the small pagoda increased like crazy.
"I have 20 breaths of time to deal with the fourth wave of attacks!" Luo Zheng calculated the time before looking into the distance. "Hmm? Over there …"
For the sake of dealing with these Cadaveric Crows, Luo Zheng flew into the sky so that he could see even further. The grassland created by the Illusory Formation wasn't flat ground, and it rose and fell.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw a cultivator killing Cadaveric Crows with all his might on a grassland to the side!
However, that cultivator seemed to be dealing with it very strenuously. That cultivator was slightly flustered when facing the large expanse of corpse poison and the encirclement of the Cadaveric Crows.
Luo Zheng glanced at his pagoda. He'd already dealt with the Cadaveric Crows, so the pagoda probably wouldn't be attacked again before the next wave of attacks.
He would be able to obtain more points by killing Cadaveric Crows, but what about killing the Cadaveric Crows of others?
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and rushed towards another grassland.
Mo Yuezhang, Elder Xiao, and the middle aged cultivator were speechless when they saw Luo Zheng's actions.
"What … is this kid trying to do?" Mo Yuezhang stared at Xin Gui as he asked.
Elder Xiao's mustache curled up slightly. "Can't you tell? He's trying to kill the Cadaveric Crows of other cultivators! "
The middle-aged martial artist furrowed his eyebrows, "Although his killing speed is very fast, this is only the first stage. According to the rules, plundering and attacking between martial artists is the second stage of the Outer Trial. It should be done after ten waves of Monster Beasts have finished defending against them! Isn't he breaking the rules? "
Elder Xiao chuckled. "How is he breaking the rules? Are there rules here that don't allow him to do this? "
"There aren't any rules, but this is cheating!" The middle aged cultivator clearly couldn't accept it. The purpose of the first phase was to let cultivators guard their own pagoda, and the second phase was to plunder other people's pagoda. However, no one had ever run over to plunder other people's demonic beasts in the first phase!
It wasn't that other cultivators didn't think of this method, but they hadn't finished dealing with the demonic beasts in their own territory. How would they have the time to run over to other people's territories and kill other people's demonic beasts? Moreover, they had to worry that if they left their own territory, there would be cultivators from other territories attacking their pagoda! Thus, there were many cultivators who thought of this method, but none of them actually carried it out.
It was just that Luo Zheng was the first to try it.
"No buts. This isn't cheating. You guys made a mistake in the Illusory Array, and Luo Zheng was able to catch this mistake. It's his own strength and ability. If you think that he broke the rules because of this, then you're wrong. Let me ask you … Would other cultivators dare to do what Luo Zheng did?" Elder Xiao continued. He was looking forward to Luo Zheng passing the outer region test. He wanted to see how far this youth could go in the inner region.
"Alright …" The middle aged cultivator also felt that Elder Xiao's words were reasonable, but he wasn't sure. If Luo Zheng continued like this, what would happen in the end?
The cultivator connected to Luo Zheng's territory was barely dealing with these damn Cadaveric Crows.
He didn't dare touch the Cadaveric Poison. No matter how strong a cultivator's body was, once he touched the Cadaveric Poison, his skin and flesh would be instantly corroded and festered. Although he wouldn't really be injured in this Illusory Array, he would definitely be eliminated from the competition.
Dodging the Cadaveric Poison while preventing the Cadaveric Crows from getting close to the pagoda, and killing them at the same time, this Early Divine Core cultivator was having a hard time. Therefore, he clenched his teeth and persevered.
Right at this moment, he saw a figure appear not far away from him. A puzzled expression emerged on the cultivator's face, and he didn't know what was going on.
"What do you mean? Why is there a cultivator attacking in the fourth wave of demon beasts? "
The puzzled expression only lasted for a brief moment. When the cultivator saw Luo Zheng slaughtering the Cadaveric Crows, he immediately understood what was going on. This young man had come from the side!
All the cultivators who entered this Illusory Array knew the rules very well. In order to pass this Illusory Array, the only way was to accumulate points! Therefore, points were extremely important to every cultivator in this Illusory Array.
In the first ten waves of demon beasts, the cultivator had to defend against every single wave. As long as all the demon beasts were killed, the cultivator would get the same amount of points.
But now, Luo Zheng had come here and snatched the cultivator's demon beasts. For the other cultivators, this was an extremely unreasonable thing!
Although the cultivator was barely holding on, he didn't want Luo Zheng to 'help' him. Therefore, he shouted out loudly. "Get lost!"
After shouting out loud, he actually dashed towards Luo Zheng, swinging the huge blade in his hand towards Luo Zheng.
"I'm just helping you …" Luo Zheng said with a smile on his face. After saying that, he increased his speed and continued killing the Cadaveric Crows.
The cultivator scolded angrily, "I don't need your help! Get lost! "
Luo Zheng let out a sinister laugh. Facing this furious cultivator, he didn't back down. He had to pass this outer circle test, he couldn't afford to fail. These Cadaveric Crows in front of him were huge amounts of points, how could he let go of these extra points?
＝＝＝＝＝