Although according to the rules explained by the middle-aged martial artist, in the first stage, they were only supposed to guard the tower, but it didn't say that they couldn't go to other martial artists' territories to "assist in guarding the tower."
Luo Zheng frantically strangled the martial artist's corpse crows, which immediately angered the martial artist half to death.
This martial artist wasn't someone easy to deal with. In his anger, he held a large saber and chased after Luo Zheng.
How could Luo Zheng be hit by this martial artist's attacks? His figure was like a swimming fish, shuttling back and forth in the air.
"Let's see where you can run to!" This martial artist quickly forced Luo Zheng to the front of a large area of corpse poison. He believed that if Luo Zheng was forced to rush into the corpse poison, his end would be very miserable.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything and directly rushed into the poisonous fog. He passed through the poisonous fog unscathed and then continued to kill the corpse crows.
"This …" The martial artist raised the large saber in his hand and was stunned. "This guy isn't afraid of the corpse poison?"
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to the martial artist at all. He only focused on killing the corpse crows.
This martial artist really couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Even if he caught up with Luo Zheng, he couldn't do anything. Luo Zheng only needed to drill into the poisonous fog and he would be helpless.
While Luo Zheng was killing the corpse crows, he suddenly felt a trace of danger. He heard three subtle sounds of bowstrings being pulled and three sharp arrows pierced through the sky, shooting towards him.
"It's this martial artist's small tower!"
Luo Zheng dodged and avoided the three sharp arrows.
Fortunately, this was only the fourth wave of attacks, and this martial artist had only upgraded the small pagoda three times. Although the arrows shot by the archers on the small pagoda were very sharp, they were still unable to threaten Luo Zheng.
"Continue to kill!"
The martial artist found that he couldn't stop Luo Zheng from killing the corpse crows. After chasing him several times, he actually resigned himself to his fate … and began to bury his head in killing the corpse crows.
Since he couldn't stop Luo Zheng, he could only admit that he was unlucky to run into such a weirdo. The more corpse crows he killed, the more points he would get. At least, it was better than letting Luo Zheng kill all the corpse crows.
The two of them started killing the corpse crows at a much faster speed. In just a short moment, they had cleared most of the corpse crows.
Not far away, there were still six or seven corpse crows flying towards the small tower. Luo Zheng looked at the martial artist and said with a smile, "I'll leave those few for you!"
When the martial artist heard this, he simply wanted to cry but had no tears. But apart from cursing a few words, what else could he do? Because he wasn't fast enough. If he had killed all the Corpse Crows before that brat rushed into his territory, this would not have happened.
Wait, how could this guy to kill Luo Zheng? 's to Luo Zheng to Divine realm? Third stage?
The martial artist rubbed his eyes, wondering if he had seen wrongly!
Luo to Luo to To Luto Luo Zheng to Luo ''t's Luo Zheng Luo '' Luto Luo to Lut '' ''s to kill' ''t Luo to Luo't
He was a Divine Core warrior!
After noticing Luo Zheng's cultivation, the martial artist suddenly felt as if he had suffered a huge blow, and he felt as if he had lost all his strength. Luckily, the archers on top of his small tower were able to kill all the remaining corpse crows.
After robbing the neighboring territory, Luo Zheng returned to his own territory and checked his points.
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng should have received 10,000 points after killing a group of Cadaveric Crows that attacked him. However, the small tower now showed that Luo Zheng had 16,000 points! That meant, at least 60% of the corpse crows in the neighboring warrior's territory were killed by Luo Zheng …
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng threw all his points into the small tower. With that, Luo Zheng's small tower began its fourth upgrade.
When the red light faded away, the small tower had become thicker and taller by a few feet. Four archers were standing at the top of the small tower, and their equipment had changed as well. The longbows in their hands had turned into a jade-like color, and the arrowheads of their arrows were glowing with a dark green light.
"The fourth upgrade … I've used up all the points I got from killing all the black crows in my territory, but I still have 6000 points left. I think I got all of them from the neighboring territory." Luo Zheng's eyes lit up, and a smile emerged on his face. This was indeed a good idea!
The first ten waves of attacks in the illusion formation were all carefully designed. Every time a small tower was upgraded, it would correspond to the next wave of attacks from stronger demon beasts. For example, a small tower upgraded once would fight against the second wave of demon beasts, and a small tower upgraded twice would fight against the third wave of demon beasts. This way, not only would it help the warrior in battle, it wouldn't make the small tower too powerful.
If Luo Zheng seized even more points from other territories, then he would be able to swiftly upgrade his small tower. If he had enough points, then his small tower would be able to deal with the fifth wave of attacks!
"Looks like I should try my best to obtain points from the territories of other cultivators!"
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking like that, the sound of a bell resounded from the sky once more. The fifth wave of attacks had begun!
At this moment, many black rock golems appeared from all over the grassland. This was the fifth wave of attacks from the demon beasts. These rock golems were formed from black Basalt, and they were called Basalt Rock Golems. They were even harder than Black Tortoises!
"Yao Ye!"
A bold idea appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. He wanted Yao Ye to deal with these Basalt Rock Golems while he went to the territories of other cultivators to plunder them.
Yao Ye brandished his enormous sword as he charged towards the nearest Basalt Rock Golem, and his 10m long sword slashed down towards the Basalt Rock Golem's head.
Bang!
The might of Yao Ye's attack when combined with his enormous sword was shocking. There were probably very few demon beasts in the Central Domain that could resist such a ferocious attack.
The Basalt Rock Golem was slashed into two by Yao Ye, and then it rumbled as it collapsed.
There were around 200 Basalt Rock Golems before him. Even though Yao Ye was only able to kill one at a time because their defenses were too formidable, their speed was extremely slow. However, the Black Tortoise's speed was extremely slow. It was even slower than the Black Tortoise's speed.
Yao Ye … should be able to deal with these Basalt Rock Golems. Not to mention that he has the assistance of the small tower that has been upgraded 4 times!
When he thought up to this point, Luo Zheng didn't stop, and he flew towards the grassland behind him ….
When he saw Luo Zheng's unusual actions, the middle aged cultivator was finally unable to restrain himself, "This fellow actually went to plunder other cultivators after he tasted the sweetness of victory!"
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao exchanged glances and smiled, and then Mo Yuezhang said, "He's confident in his ability to make his Sword Spirit resist the attacks of others."
Elder Xiao nodded his head and said with a smile on his face, "This young man is quite interesting, his brain is quite useful!"
"I don't think those cultivators who are being robbed have the same thought." The middle aged cultivator shook his head, then he continued, "Besides, Luo Zheng will be able to obtain more points in the first stage than the others, and he will most likely be able to upgrade the small tower to the 11th level, or even the 12th level!"
Mo Yuezhang wasn't familiar with this illusory formation, so he asked curiously, "11th level? 12th level? There should only be 10 waves of defense in the first stage, and that means the small tower can only be upgraded 10 times! "
The middle aged cultivator explained, "When the creator of this illusory formation, he considered the higher level of cultivation. Therefore, he upgraded the small tower to the 12th level. But, under normal circumstances, it doesn't have that many points to upgrade it …"
What the middle aged cultivator wanted to say was that the attack of the 11th level small tower was equivalent to the attack of a Late Divine Core warrior, and the attack of the 12th level small tower was equivalent to the attack of a Void Tribulation warrior!
"Hehe, this is interesting, I want to see what expressions the other cultivators in the illusory formation will have when this young man creates a 12th level small tower." Elder Xiao didn't seem worried at all. Instead, he felt it was fun.
The middle aged cultivator furrowed his brows and said, "This isn't fun! This is unfair to the other cultivators! "
"There is no such thing as absolute fairness in this world, Luo Zheng isn't the only one who can do this! If the other cultivators feel it's unfair, they can also take the initiative to rob others of their points! "Mo Yuezhang explained.
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao didn't agree with Luo Zheng's cheating. The middle aged cultivator could only look at Xin Gui in silence, there was nothing he could say.
In Xin Gui's image, Luo Zheng was excitedly rushing towards another territory.
Coincidentally, the cultivator in this territory was the pale-faced cultivator who had a conflict with Luo Zheng in the palace!
When Luo Zheng arrived at the scene, the pale-faced cultivator was in a troubled state.
The pale-faced cultivator was an independent cultivator. He was born in a small sect, and came from an unknown second grade sect in the Central Domain. However, because he had a conflict with a sect elder, he betrayed the sect, and was hunted down by the second grade sect.
While being hunted down, the pale-faced cultivator fell off a cliff, and in a cave, he found the inheritance of a senior cultivator who cultivated an evil art. After obtaining the inheritance, his cultivation and overall strength skyrocketed. After that, he used the evil art he cultivated and broke through to the Divine Core realm, then he massacred the second grade sect!
The evil art the pale-faced cultivator cultivated was called the Great Hatred Devil Art. The Great Deity Devil Art was best at attacking the soul, and these Black Tortoise Stone Golems were immune to this kind of attack …
Because of this, the pale-faced cultivator was having a headache. He could only use the Tablet Pushing Palm to smash these stone golems into pieces.
No matter what, this pale-faced cultivator was a Divine Core warrior. Although the Tablet Pushing Palm was only an Earth rank skill, its power was still pretty strong. However, it would take him at least three to four palm strikes to destroy a Black Tortoise Stone Golem.
"But these Black Tortoise Stone Golems are moving extremely slowly, I should be able to destroy all of them before they can even get close to the pagoda!"
While the pale-faced cultivator was thinking about this, he suddenly saw a figure dashing towards him from afar. The pale-faced cultivator raised his head and looked at the figure. A surprised expression emerged on his pale face, but when he saw who it was, a malicious look flashed through his eyes.
The pale-faced cultivator had a conflict with Luo Zheng in the palace. This pale-faced cultivator was a man who held grudges. If not, he wouldn't have massacred the second grade sect after he had achieved great success in his cultivation. Luo Zheng had offended him, and he wouldn't let him go even if he had to go to the ends of the earth.
However, the pale-faced cultivator didn't expect that this young man would actually come to his territory even though he didn't take the initiative to look for him.
Wait, didn't this young man have to deal with the Black Tortoise Stone Golems in his territory? Wasn't he worried that his pagoda would be attacked and eliminated?
Just as the pale-faced cultivator was thinking about this, he saw Luo Zheng diving down from the sky. Without saying anything, he started killing the Black Tortoise Stone Golems that were supposed to belong to him!
What was going on?