"Peng!"
The moment Luo Zheng approached the Black Tortoise stone man, he slashed out with his sword.
"Collapsing Sword!"
The Blooddrinker Sword contained a great power as it pierced through the head of the Black Tortoise stone man in front of him. Perfect sword intent spread from the inside of the Black Tortoise stone man, cutting its insides into fine powder. The surface of the Black Tortoise stone man formed lines like a spider web.
Then Luo Zheng gently pulled out his sword, and the Black Tortoise stone man in front of him disintegrated into countless tiny Black Tortoise fragments, collapsing with a loud bang.
"Collapsing Sword!"
"Collapsing Sword!"
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. In the blink of an eye, he had destroyed three Black Tortoise stone men.
Only now did the pale-faced martial artist react!
The pale-faced martial artist was also clear about the rules of the illusion array. The points obtained from killing Monster Beasts in each wave were just enough to upgrade Small Pagoda once. For example, the 10,000 points from killing the Corpse Crows was just enough to upgrade Small Pagoda for the fourth time. The 10,000 points had been completely spent, and he couldn't upgrade Small Pagoda if he didn't spend them.
There were only 200 Stone Golems in this wave. Killing one would give him 175 points. After killing all of them, he would get a total of 15,000 points. That was to say, he would need to use up all 15,000 points to upgrade the tower next time.
Now, Luo Zheng had killed three Black Tortoise stone men in the blink of an eye, robbing him of more than 500 points … In other words, after the fifth wave of attacks, he wouldn't be able to upgrade Small Pagoda because he didn't have enough points.
How could the pale-faced martial artist not be angry?
He hadn't taken the initiative to find trouble with Luo Zheng, but this brat had actually found trouble with him!
"I don't care who you are, I want you dead! I killed you in the illusion array, and I'll kill you in Heaven Awaken City once we're out of the illusion array! " The pale-faced martial artist gnashed his teeth in anger, and a sickly red flush appeared on his originally white face, turning it the color of a pig's liver.
Luo Zheng instantly beheaded three Black Tortoise Stone Golems. Holding the Blood Drinker Sword horizontally in front of his chest, his eyes flashing, a look of surprise on his face. "So it's you, that's great, hehe!"
Originally, Luo Zheng still felt a little guilty for running into other people's territory and killing their demonic beasts. With Luo Zheng's understanding of the rules, he only needed to kill one demonic beast, and he wouldn't be able to gather enough points in the next wave of attacks. Then, Xiao Pagoda wouldn't be able to level up.
This small pagoda should be able to advance to a very terrifying stage in the later stages, but because it lacked points in the early stages, if the small pagoda advanced one level less, it would have a huge impact on the later stages!
But when he saw this pale-faced martial artist, the guilt in Luo Zheng's heart vanished. His figure flickered, avoiding the heavy and slow hammer strikes of the Black Tortoise stone man behind him. He stepped on the Black Tortoise stone man's thick arm and leapt up, thrusting his Collapsing Sword into the Black Tortoise stone man's head once more.
"How dare you steal my stone man!"
Streaks of fine black light, like tiny earthworms, were entrenched on the pale-faced martial artist's face. His pupils were also overflowing with a little bit of black aura.
This pale-faced martial artist wasn't an expert in physical attacks, but that didn't mean he wasn't strong!
If not, he wouldn't have been able to wipe out a Second Grade Sect all by himself. Although the Second Grade Sect was slightly weaker than the Blue Cloud Sect, it was still a true Second Grade Sect. There were a few Sect Elders who possessed extraordinary strength, and the Sect Chief was a Mid Divine Core warrior.
The pale-faced martial artist's Great Hatred Devil Art was an expert in soul attacks, and most of the martial artists in the Central Domain weren't experts in soul attacks or defense!
This was the real reason why this pale-faced martial artist was able to wipe out a Second Grade Sect with his Early Divine Core cultivation base!
"I'll let you have a taste of having your soul crushed bit by bit! Even though I can't kill you in this illusion formation, I'll make sure you remember this pain for the rest of your life! No … you won't be able to remember it for much longer, once the outer circle competition is over, you'll die as well, hehehe … "
The pale-faced martial artist was very confident. The number of martial artists that had died under his' Great Hatred Demon Attack 'was at least eight thousand, if not ten thousand. The miserable state of each person before they died was deeply engraved in his mind. He was very clear about the horror of this evil technique, the' Great Hatred Demon Attack '.
Within the palace, Mo Yuezhang, Elder Xiao, the middle-aged martial artist, and a few others were watching the fight between the two men.
"That martial artist called Zhao Heiyan, I think he's using an evil skill, but why does it look so familiar?" The middle-aged martial artist stared at Xin Gui and asked.
Mo Yuezhang replied with a faint smile on his face. "Of course it looks familiar, it's the Great Hatred Devil Art used by Old Man Mo 30 years ago!"
Elder Xiao nodded his head as well. "I can see it as well, this is indeed the Great Hatred Devil Art. I never expected someone in the Central Domain to have obtained Old Man Mo's inheritance."
30 years ago, because Old Man Mo was cultivating an evil skill, it had caused him to go crazy and kill innocent people, the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, and the World Business Alliance had jointly issued a warrant for him to be hunted down. In the end, under the pursuit of numerous martial artists, Old Man Mo's physical body was killed!
However, because Old Man Mo was cultivating an evil soul skill that allowed his soul to escape, although his physical body was killed, his soul managed to escape.
But, a soul that had lost its physical body was like a small oil lamp that had lost its oil, it was destined to be unable to exist in this world for a long time. Basically, Old Man Mo was dead meat.
No one expected that 30 years later, a martial artist called Zhao Heiyan would obtain Old Man Mo's inheritance.
Evil arts were prohibited in the Central Domain. As long as one did not use this evil art to kill innocent people, those grade-4 and grade-5 sects would not care. After all, these grade-4 and grade-5 sects had many evil arts as well.
"I'm afraid Luo Zheng is in trouble. I've observed him for a long time, and his sword spirit is indeed powerful, but he doesn't have it with him now. He seems to be born with great strength, his sword techniques are also very exquisite, and he has comprehended perfect sword intent … but in the face of the Great Hatred Devil Art, Luo Zheng won't be able to fight back at all." The middle-aged martial artist was very confident in his guess.
Mo Yuezhang chuckled and said, "How can you be sure that Luo Zheng's cultivation of the soul is weak?"
The soul was hidden in the depths of one's mind, and under normal circumstances, it was very difficult to detect its strength. Unless Luo Zheng took the initiative to show it, no one would be able to tell at all.
The middle-aged martial artist shook his head. "Elder Mo, this boy is a swordsman. Even if he started practicing the sword when he was still a baby, to be able to cultivate his sword techniques to such a level, he is already in the ranks of the Saint level geniuses! If not only his sword techniques are so powerful, but his soul is also incomparably powerful, I really can't imagine … that there would be such a person in the world. "
"Haha," Mo Yuezhang laughed again. "Have you forgotten? Luo Zheng is a runemaster, and a runemaster with 'perfect strokes'. His future attainments in runes will not be inferior to Feng Guanyu's. "
When Mo Yuezhang said this, the middle-aged martial artist was stunned for three breaths of time before he reacted. Runemaster! A runemaster's soul was originally not weak, and as long as he continued to draw runes, his soul would naturally grow stronger!
Because Luo Zheng's special sword spirit had appeared, the middle-aged martial artist had completely forgotten about Luo Zheng's identity, so when Mo Yuezhang said this, he suddenly reacted.
"However, even if Luo Zheng is a runemaster, I'm afraid it will be difficult for him to deal with Zhao Heiyan's' Great Hatred Demon Attack '. This evil technique's attack method is not ordinary," Elder Xiao suddenly said.
Mo Yuezhang also nodded and said, "Indeed, Luo Zheng can only draw one-star and two-star runes now, and his soul is not strong enough. In the end, he may not be able to defeat the 'Great Hatred Demon Attack'. Let's see if Luo Zheng has any other tricks up his sleeve …"
In the illusory array, Zhao Heiyan's sickly face was now completely covered by black veins, and a black ghostly hand emerged from the top of his head.
This black ghostly hand was formed by Zhao Heiyan's soul. Although this move was not the strongest in the 'Great Hatred Demon Attack', it was the most insidious one. It could penetrate into the mind of others and crush their soul.
"Crush your soul! Heavenly Spirit Ghostly Claw! "
The black ghostly hand grabbed at Luo Zheng's head, and while it was flying, it emitted a ghostly wail. In the blink of an eye, the ghostly claw was above Luo Zheng's head, and five sharp and slender claws directly sank into Luo Zheng's mind!
Seeing that Luo Zheng had no intention of resisting, Zhao Heiyan's black face revealed a sinister smile. "Howl, use your howls to express the meaning of true pain!"