"Luo Zheng is doomed. Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw hit his head. He didn't even have a chance to dodge." Elder Xiao shook his head.
Mo Yuezhang's eyes flashed with confusion. He couldn't think of any reason why Luo Zheng would be so careless as to allow Zhao Heiyan to attack Luo Zheng's mind. He didn't even have the thought of dodging!
After all, Luo Zheng's current situation was very good. If Luo Zheng used the sword spirit to protect the small pagoda, coupled with his plundering of other martial artists' points, his small pagoda's level would be much higher than other martial artists'. The final result would be very advantageous to Luo Zheng.
"He was careless … If he was attacked to death in the illusory array, he would be quickly kicked out of the array." Mo Yuezhang couldn't help but sigh.
The middle-aged martial artist didn't say anything. In his opinion, Luo Zheng had cheated, so being kicked out wouldn't affect the balance of the illusory array.
Under the gaze of several World Business Alliance elders, someone finally let out an extremely mournful howl.
Surprisingly, this howl didn't come from Luo Zheng, but from Zhao Heiyan!
At this moment, the black lines on Zhao Heiyan's face were disappearing one by one. His incomparably pale face did not have a single trace of blood. It was even whiter than a sheet of white paper. His slightly feminine face had become extremely terrifying due to its ferocity.
Luo Zheng acted as if nothing had happened. He leaped away as if nothing had happened and continued to use his "Collapsing Sword" to kill the Basalt stone men.
"This … what did this guy do?" Mo Yuezhang's mouth was wide open as he watched Luo Zheng's figure rise and fall. Every time Luo Zheng's sword collapsed, a Basalt stone man would collapse in front of him. Looking at Luo Zheng's graceful figure, this third-stage Divine Reflection junior became even more unfathomable in Mo Yuezhang's eyes.
Elder Xiao and the middle-aged martial artist's expressions were also very unnatural. No matter who saw this scene, their expressions wouldn't be natural.
They simply couldn't imagine how Luo Zheng had made Zhao Heiyan so miserable.
"Ah ah ah …"
Zhao Heiyan's screams continued for a long time...
After all, the Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw was transformed from Zhao Heiyan's soul. It was also the Soul Transforming Claw in the Great Hatred Devil Attack. It was a soul attack method, similar to Luo Zheng's Soul Transforming Claw.
If Zhao Heiyan used the Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw to deal with other martial artists, he would be able to achieve miraculous results.
However, Zhao Heiyan's opponent was Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng who had stepped into the Battle Soul Realm!
How powerful was Luo Zheng's soul after entering the War Soul Realm?
Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw was much weaker than Kuang Shuyue of the Dragon Bloodline!
Before Luo Zheng had stepped into the Combat Soul Realm, Shuyue Kuang's Soul Attack could not do anything to Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng had successfully stepped into the Combat Soul Realm, his Soul Attack was extremely tough. Even Shuyue Kuang's Soul Attack could not shake his Soul Attack at all!
As for Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw … Instead of calling it a Soul Attack, it was more like a tickle to Luo Zheng.
The moment the Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw entered Luo Zheng's mind, it was immediately cut off by Luo Zheng!
Cutting off Zhao Heiyan's Heavenly Spirit Ghost Claw was the same as cutting off his Soul Attack! How unbearable was this pain? Even when Luo Zheng's Soul Attack was burned, he was in so much pain that he hovered between life and death.
As for Zhao Heiyan's screams, Luo Zheng acted as if he did not hear them at all. He only focused on killing the Black Tortoise Golems.
He did not come to Zhao Heiyan's territory to fight with him, but to snatch his points. Just now, Luo Zheng had held back. If his Soul Attack had struck back, he would have been able to wipe out Zhao Heiyan's Soul Attack. Although one would not really die in the Illusion Array, Zhao Heiyan would have been kicked out of the Illusion Array.
"Bang! Bang! Bang … "
Luo Zheng crushed Black Tortoise Golem after Black Tortoise Golem was destroyed, and Luo Zheng's points rose madly.
Because Yao Ye had killed Black Tortoise Golems in Luo Zheng's territory while Luo Zheng had killed Black Tortoise Golems in Zhao Heiyan's territory, Luo Zheng's points rose at twice the speed of the other cultivators!
After the pain from his Soul Attack gradually subsided, Zhao Heiyan's vision instantly turned black when he saw this scene, and he almost fainted again. These Black Tortoise Golems had been completely destroyed by Luo Zheng.
"What exactly … is this fellow …?" Only now did Zhao Heiyan realize that he'd encountered his nemesis today.
When he'd attained mastery in the Great Hatred Demonic Art, he'd repaid his debts of gratitude and annihilated the Second Rank Sect that had pursued him. For a time, he felt that he was invincible amongst cultivators at the same cultivation realm as him! Even cultivators who were stronger than him would find it difficult to resist the Soul Attack he'd cultivated.
However, this ordinary looking kid before him had torn his Soul Attack apart with ease, and he was actually completely unharmed!
How exactly did this fellow accomplish this?
Zhao Heiyan wasn't the only one who wanted to ask this question. Mo Yuezhang, the middle aged cultivator, and Elder Xiao wanted to ask the same question as well.
After Luo Zheng finished dealing with these Black Tortoise Golems, he said to Zhao Heiyan, "I'll come over when the next round begins!"
Zhao Heiyan's vision instantly turned black when he heard Luo Zheng ….
He couldn't afford to offend these fellows, and he couldn't even avoid them. Zhao Heiyan felt that he probably wouldn't be able to pass the outer circle test today.
Whether Zhao Heiyan was able to pass or not wasn't related to Luo Zheng at all. Now that he'd finally found someone to take advantage of, Luo Zheng would naturally cherish this opportunity. He wouldn't easily kick Zhao Heiyan out of the Illusory Formation. If Luo Zheng found someone else to take his points after he kicked Zhao Heiyan out of the Illusory Formation, then another battle would be unavoidable.
So, Luo Zheng was certain that Zhao Heiyan would be defeated today.
When Luo Zheng returned to his territory, Yao Ye was leaning against his enormous sword at the center of the grassland, and his beautiful eyes that emanated a trace of red light and baleful qi were staring blankly at the sky.
Luo Zheng revealed a bewildered expression when he saw Yao Ye's actions.
Yao Ye was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit. Theoretically speaking, she wasn't a living being, and she didn't possess the ability to think for herself. However, this Sword Spirit was rather special. She actually remembered the 'sword dance' that her previous master had cultivated. Based on this, Luo Zheng guessed that Yao Ye probably possessed memories of it!
However, besides the memories related to the 'sword dance', Yao Ye didn't display any other abilities, and he was completely under Luo Zheng's control.
Luo Zheng wasn't able to unravel the mystery behind this in a short period of time. After all, if even Qinglong couldn't understand it, then it was even more impossible for Luo Zheng with his knowledge and experience.
With a command in his heart, he summoned Yao Ye back to his side, and then he walked towards his pagoda. He'd obtained an unprecedented amount of double points this time, and it could be considered as a great harvest.
Luo Zheng was paying attention to his points. If Luo Zheng turned around at this moment, he would be able to notice that Yao Ye's pupils had trembled slightly!
Yao Ye's gaze slowly recovered from its dazed state, and then Luo Zheng's figure was reflected in his red pupils. His expressionless face actually revealed a faint smile!
This process merely lasted for an instant before Luo Zheng felt two gazes come from behind him, and it was like someone was secretly watching him.
Luo Zheng swiftly turned around, and he still only saw Yao Ye's peerlessly beautiful face. Besides that, Yao Ye's body hadn't changed at all. His fair face seemed as if it was carved from wood, and it was completely expressionless.
Am I overthinking things? I clearly sensed that someone was watching me just now. Luo Zheng patted himself on the head, and then he stopped thinking about it and walked towards his pagoda.
Over 36,000 points! Luo Zheng grinned when he saw the points on his pagoda.
"Level up!"
Luo Zheng had placed all his points into it, but only 33,000 points were deducted in the end!
Luo Zheng's pagoda was enveloped by a crimson red glow, and once the crimson red glow dispersed, another expanse of crimson red light enveloped it!
He'd advanced his pagoda twice in succession!
Just like that, Luo Zheng's pagoda was a level higher than the pagodas of other cultivators!
The pagoda seemed much thicker after it advanced twice in succession, and there was even a layer of silver white railings around it. Moreover, there were even four flags hanging at the corners of the pagoda. However, these four flags were the insignia of the World Business Alliance.
There were six archers standing on top of the pagoda.
The bows in the hands of these archers and the arrows on their backs also underwent earth-shattering changes at this time.
The longbows were like flames now, and they emanated the aura of raging flames. Moreover, the flaming talisman markings inscribed on their arrows caused Luo Zheng to sense extraordinary might. The strength of these archers wasn't inferior to an ordinary Enlightened Spirit Realm expert! I wonder to what extent I'll be able to strengthen my pagoda if I continue to advance it?
More and more cultivators were eliminated during the 5th wave of demon beasts.
In the third wave, only a few martial artists were eliminated. In the fourth wave, more than 20 martial artists were eliminated, and in the fifth wave, 40 martial artists were eliminated!
I wonder how many cultivators will be eliminated during the 6th wave?
＝＝＝＝＝