After Luo Zheng upgraded the pagoda, he didn't stop at all and charged straight towards Zhao Heiyan's territory.
Even though the sixth wave of demon beasts was stronger than the fifth wave, Yao Ye was guarding the pagoda here after all. Moreover, his pagoda was one level higher than the others.
Right after Luo Zheng left, numerous three-meter-long violet jade centipedes spiraled over from the ground. Their thousands of pairs of slender legs swiftly crawled on the ground.
The six archers on Luo Zheng's pagoda suddenly raised their longbows and shot six arrows into the sky.
Swish! Swish! Swish!
Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! The six arrows tore through the sky and landed amongst the violet jade centipedes.
Bang! Bang!
Six balls of flames instantly exploded. In an instant, 100 to 200 of the 2,000 centipedes were killed by the pagoda, and this was only the first round of arrows.
The middle-aged cultivator couldn't take it anymore when he saw this scene. He said gloomily, "I knew that Luo Zheng's actions would definitely destroy the balance!"
Mo Yuezhang revealed a bitter smile. Generally speaking, a level 5 pagoda should be used to defend against the sixth wave of violet jade centipedes! A level 6 pagoda was used to defend against the seventh wave of even stronger demon beasts.
However, Luo Zheng had used the extra points to upgrade the pagoda to level 6 in advance. This way, the pagoda was too powerful, and the violet jade centipedes couldn't block the explosive fire arrows of the level 6 pagoda at all.
Elder Xiao's mustache curled up. "He's already done that. What are you going to do about it?"
The middle-aged cultivator attached great importance to the rules of the illusion formation. Luo Zheng's actions were too much of a violation of the rules. He thought for a moment and said, "Why don't we kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion formation?"
Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang exchanged glances and shook their heads at the same time. Mo Yuezhang said, "I don't think that's a good idea. However, you're the one in charge of the illusion formation, so you should make the decision yourself."
The middle-aged cultivator stared at Luo Zheng on the letter tablet. He then ran over to Zhao Heiyan's territory and fought with Zhao Heiyan over the violet jade centipedes. It didn't take long for him to finally make up his mind. "I've decided to kick Luo Zheng out!"
After saying that, the middle-aged martial artist ordered someone to push the Illusion Array Platform over.
This large illusory array was controlled by a huge illusory array platform. After the attendants received the middle-aged martial artist's order, they pushed a table-sized illusory array platform over.
The middle-aged warrior stood on the Illusory Matrix Platform and groped his way through the complex runes on the Illusory Matrix Platform. Removing Luo Zheng from the Illusory Matrix was a very simple matter. Moreover, Luo Zheng had no ability to resist in the Illusory Matrix Platform.
Just as the middle-aged martial artist was about to remove Luo Zheng's Illusory Array, another person arrived at the entrance of the palace.
The person who came was wearing an ice blue dress. The tassels on the long dress were dragging on the ground, shining brightly.
When the middle-aged martial artist, Mo Yuezhang, and the others saw this person, they immediately smiled and bowed to her. At the same time, they said, "So it's the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!"
Ning Yudie stepped forward gracefully and gracefully, as if she was a fairy born from ice. Her body was surrounded by a cold aura, and as long as she got close, the cold aura would hit one's face, causing one's spirit to be instantly refreshed. Translated by: DXHaseoXD Edited by: DXHaseoXD
"Alliance Master Mo, Elder Xiao, and …" Ning Yudie sized up the middle-aged martial artist. She knew Elder Xiao and Mo Yuezhang, but she didn't know who this middle-aged martial artist was.
How could the middle-aged martial artist dare to be negligent? He quickly introduced himself. "My name is Sang Yang. I'm the person in charge of this illusory array!"
Ning Yudie nodded indifferently. She looked at the huge letter tablet on the wall and was slightly surprised. Luo Zheng's image was displayed on the letter tablet.
Seeing Ning Yudie staring at Luo Zheng on the letter tablet, Mo Yuezhang chuckled. "Hall Master Ning, this young man is a disciple of your Cloud Hall, right?"
Mo Yuezhang had always been unable to figure out Luo Zheng's status in the Cloud Hall. Since he'd met Luo Zheng for the 1st time in Ocean of Clouds City, he'd been unable to figure out why the Cloud Hall would allow a talisman master who possessed perfect brush strokes to roam about freely.
So Mo Yuezhang guessed that the Cloud Hall didn't know about this. He had even asked Shang Lei about this, but Shang Lei told him that it was impossible because the chief runemaster of the Cloud Hall was very clear about Luo Zheng's ability.
But even though he had such a strong rune talent, the Cloud Hall didn't seem to care about Luo Zheng at all.
Even in the Martial Arts Conference, the Cloud Hall didn't seem to be willing to give Luo Zheng a spot. Instead, they wanted Luo Zheng to take the outer test and fight for a spot in the inner competition. This was really too strange.
Ning Yudie nodded. "Yes, Luo Zheng is a disciple of my Cloud Hall's Elite Hall. How did he do?"
"This … his performance is not bad. You can ask Sang Yang. He's the person in charge of this illusory array." Mo Yuezhang chuckled, but his gaze was on Sang Yang. This guy was just about to mention Luo Zheng. Let's see what you're going to do now.
Ning Yudie turned her gaze to Sang Yang, a questioning look flashing across her eyes.
Before the start of the Martial Arts Conference, the contestants for the outer test had to be decided. The spots for the inner competition had also been decided. Therefore, Ning Yudie had been relatively idle these days except for cultivating.
Today, when she was not cultivating, her heart was always a little distracted, and she was thinking about that guy, Luo Zheng.
The Cloud Hall didn't give Luo Zheng a spot in the inner competition. If Luo Zheng wanted to participate in the inner competition, he would have to climb up step by step through the outer test. In the end, she couldn't help but come over to take a look.
The outer test would be held for a few more days, and three spots would be decided every day. Ning Yudie wasn't sure if Luo Zheng would choose today. She didn't expect to see Luo Zheng as soon as she arrived. It seemed that he was the focus of attention of the elders of the World Business Alliance.
Mo Yuezhang threw the question to Sang Yang. Sang Yang laughed dryly. He had a stubborn personality. Martial artists who practiced the sword were often like this. They were more upright and not good at lying. Therefore, Sang Yang said, "To tell you the truth, Hall Master Ning, I was just planning to kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion array."
"Why?" A cold light flashed in Ning Yudie's eyes. A cute "Chuan" character appeared on her forehead.
Seeing Ning Yudie so concerned, Mo Yuezhang sighed in his heart. It seemed that he had guessed wrong. Who said that the Cloud Hall didn't care about Luo Zheng? This Hall Master was indeed very concerned. However, he didn't know that she cared so much about Luo Zheng that she wouldn't give Luo Zheng a spot in the inner competition. Mo Yuezhang couldn't guess the answer to this question.
Sang Yang felt that he was reasonable. He didn't look at Ning Yudie's expression. He only said to Xin Gui, "Hall Master Ning, you'll know once you see it!"
On Xin Gui's screen, it showed that Luo Zheng was constantly using his sword to kill the Purple Jade Centipedes.
Ning Yudie glanced at it and said, "Isn't this normal?"
Sang Yang smiled bitterly and said, "Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, do you know anything about our illusion array?"
Ning Yudie nodded. "I'm very clear about the contents of the outer competition."
Sang Yang adjusted Xin Gui's screen and pointed to Zhao Heiyan. "He is indeed killing the Purple Jade Centipedes. However, these Purple Jade Centipedes are not from Luo Zheng's territory."
"Huh?" Ning Yudie didn't understand.
Thus, Sang Yang changed Xin Gui's screen to Luo Zheng's territory. "Look, Luo Zheng is using his own Sword Spirit to protect his own territory. He ran to other people's territories to steal their points. As a result, the small pagoda in his territory is one level higher than the others. Based on this, it won't be difficult to defend until the tenth wave!"
As long as Luo Zheng maintained his own small pagoda and was always one level higher than the others, the small pagoda's power would be able to completely restrain this wave of demonic beasts. As a result, the first stage of the outer competition wouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie stared blankly for two breaths of time. The small "chuan" on her forehead gradually relaxed. At this moment, her pair of beautiful eyes slowly curved, becoming two curved crescent moons.
However, as the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, she had to maintain her dignity in front of others. She had to pay attention to her image. She couldn't be as relaxed as she was in front of Luo Zheng and even make a fuss.
Ning Yudie was indeed happy in her heart. Luo Zheng, this brat, seemed to be able to come up with something different at any time.
The worries in her heart were divided into two contradictory aspects. On one hand, she hoped that Luo Zheng wouldn't pass the outer competition. Although this inner competition was a competition, it was actually a desperate fight. Luo Zheng's cultivation was too low. Since he had a Saint Level Talent, he should conceal his strength and bide his time until he truly matured!
On the other hand, she knew that Luo Zheng's determination was very strong. Once he decided on something, there was simply no possibility of changing it. He would most likely pass the outer competition. Xiao Die also faintly hoped that Luo Zheng would pass.