Seeing that Ning Yudie was smiling but didn't make any comments, Sang Yang hesitated. This was really troublesome. Should he kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion array?
After thinking about it, Sang Yang said to Ning Yudie, "I think that Luo Zheng's actions have affected the balance of the competition. He should be disqualified. What does Your Highness think?"
Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao looked at each other again, cursing Sang Yang in their hearts for being an idiot. However, this matter had nothing to do with them, so they put on a haughty attitude.
Ning Yudie originally had a faint smile on her face as she watched Luo Zheng kill the Purple Jade Centipedes on the letter tablet. When she suddenly heard Sang Yang's words, her face suddenly turned cold. The temperature of the surrounding air suddenly dropped a lot, and the entire palace seemed to be in an ice cellar. Even the guards standing at the entrance of the palace couldn't help but rub their hands. Strange, why did it suddenly become so cold?
"What do you mean? Does your World Business Alliance have such a rule? "Ning Yudie stared at Sang Yang and asked.
Sang Yang shook his head and said, "There isn't such a rule, but Luo Zheng's actions are equivalent to cheating. It has seriously affected the balance. If this continues, he will be able to pass the first stage, and even in the second stage, other warriors will find it difficult to compete with Luo Zheng."
"Is that so?" A cold smile appeared on Ning Yudie's face as she said in a cold voice, "I don't know if you have heard of this saying before?"
"What saying?" Although Sang Yang's status and strength were far inferior to Ning Yudie's, he was neither servile nor overbearing and insisted on his own judgment. Therefore, even though he knew that Ning Yudie was unhappy, Sang Yang still insisted on his own judgment.
"This saying is that one can do anything without any restrictions," Ning Yudie said coldly, "Since you didn't announce this rule earlier, Luo Zheng only took advantage of this loophole. The one at fault is you! Why bother to kick Luo Zheng out of the illusion array? Although you said that you were considering the overall situation, Luo Zheng's destruction of the balance is your own mistake and negligence. Yet, you want others to pay for you. Your 'consideration' is too selfish! "
Ning Yudie's words were sharp, and Sang Yang was speechless …
'One can do anything without any restrictions' meant that if a country's laws didn't prohibit something from being done, then it could be done.
Sang Yang didn't stipulate that it couldn't be done in the illusion array. In theory, Luo Zheng's actions! This was purely an oversight when Sang Yang's design.
Mo Yue Zhang and Old Xiao also nodded secretly. Mo Yue Zhang had dealt with Ning Yu Die before, so he was well aware of her personality. Although she was the Palace Master of Cloud Palace, she had a temperament similar to a little girl's and was extremely protective of her own people. Not to mention that she was in the right today, even if she wasn't, she wouldn't try to reason with Sang Yang!
Therefore, when Sang Yang said the first sentence to Ning Yudie, Mo Yuezhang already knew the result. If Sang Yang was serious and insisted on kicking Luo Zheng out of the illusion array, there would probably be a fight in this palace …
There was no need to look at the result. Sang Yang would definitely be at a disadvantage! However, Sang Yang's character was too upright. It was good to let him suffer a little. After all, the World Business Alliance was focused on doing business. How could such a character survive in the World Business Alliance?
In the end, it was Elder Xiao who smoothed things over. He patted Sang Yang's shoulder and said, "Hall Master Ning is right. Even if Luo Zheng really broke the balance, it's your own negligence. Let's forget about today. For tomorrow's outer circle test, let's talk about it in advance …"
Sang Yang's face showed a trace of hesitation. However, looking at Ning Yudie's cold expression and Mo Yuezhang's indifferent expression, Sang Yang finally chose to compromise.
Zhao Heiyan's gaze was almost lifeless at this moment. It wasn't that he didn't think of resisting. He wanted to kill those purple jade centipedes faster. However, he was good at soul attacks, and his efficiency was far from Luo Zheng's.
He couldn't beat Luo Zheng in a fight, and he couldn't snatch Luo Zheng in a fight. Zhao Heiyan was completely at his wit's end.
Although Luo Zheng was here to help him kill demonic beasts, Zhao Heiyan could easily pass the first stage. However, after the second stage began, Zhao Heiyan's small pagoda couldn't be upgraded. How could he fight with other martial artists?
He was afraid that he wouldn't be able to pass this outer region test.
Zhao Heiyan's calculations were very good. He originally wanted to smoothly pass the outer region test and get a good ranking in the inner region. He didn't want to go to the legendary Rising Dragon Platform. He knew his own limits. Even if he really got first place, getting the Rising Dragon Platform was just courting death!
Therefore, Zhao Heiyan's goal was to get second place, third place …
The World Business Alliance had generous rewards for the top ten. Some of the rewards were very important to Zhao Heiyan. Zhao Heiyan felt that he had a very high chance of entering the top ten with the help of the 《Great Hatred Demon Attack》!
Dreams were plentiful, but reality was cruel. Now, Zhao Heiyan realized that the reality he was facing was much crueler than he imagined. Not to mention the top ten of the inner region test, he probably wouldn't even be able to pass the outer region test! Who asked him to meet such a monster?
Luo Zheng was busy in his territory. He cleaned up the purple jade centipedes at an astonishing speed and then quickly left.
Zhao Heiyan raised his eyelids and noticed the direction Luo Zheng was flying in. That wasn't the direction of Luo Zheng's territory. This guy was probably planning to rob other martial artists …
In the sixth wave, apart from Luo Zheng's points from his own territory, he also took one from Zhao Heiyan's territory. Because it was still early, Luo Zheng plundered another martial artist's half of the points. Although he encountered resistance from that martial artist, Luo Zheng used his shameless movement technique and his comprehension of the Space Law to snatch away nearly half of the points.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda's promotion speed was also very fast.
When facing the seventh wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was promoted to the eighth level. When facing the eighth wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was promoted to the tenth level. When facing the ninth wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was already at the eleventh level.
When facing the tenth wave of Demonic Beasts, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was already at the twelfth level. Right now, all the other martial artists' Small Pagoda had only been promoted to the ninth level!
"Finally, the last wave!"
Luo Zheng stood at the top of his Small Pagoda and looked into the distance. He was curious as well, what was the last wave of Demonic Beasts?
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng's Small Pagoda was no longer a Small Pagoda, it was a small fort! On top of the huge fort stood twelve fully armed archers. Each of them held a bow that glowed with a bright blue light, and the arrows used by these archers were engraved with many complicated and obscure patterns. It wasn't hard to imagine how powerful these arrows were.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, the power of these arrows was even stronger than a full powered attack from a Late Divine Core warrior!
Luo Zheng's estimation was correct, this was how the illusion formation was designed. The archers on top of the tenth level Small Pagoda had the same power as a full powered attack from a Mid Divine Core warrior, the archers on top of the eleventh level Small Pagoda had the same power as a full powered attack from a Late Divine Core warrior, and the archers on top of the twelfth level Small Pagoda had the same power as a full powered attack from an Early Void Tribulation warrior …
Normally, only after defeating the last wave of Demonic Beasts would a martial artist be able to obtain the tenth level Small Pagoda and enter the second stage of the exam. However, Luo Zheng hadn't even defeated the last wave of Demonic Beasts, but he had already obtained the twelfth level Small Pagoda. Sang Yang's worry wasn't unfounded. With what Luo Zheng had done, he had become ridiculously strong in this illusion formation!
Thump, thump, thump …
The ground suddenly started shaking, and three huge figures appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"They're here!" Luo Zheng raised his brows.
They were three gigantic Sea Turtle Giants!
These Sea Turtle Giants lived in the deep ocean, and each of them was over 60 meters tall. They looked like a small mountain! With every step they took, they would cross a distance of 30 meters, and they were incredibly strong!
It was said that theoretically, these Sea Turtle Giants could grow infinitely. As long as they were given enough resources, these Sea Turtle Giants could grow to over 100 meters tall, or even 10,000 meters tall! They could crush a mountain with just a single step, and they could move mountains and drain oceans! However, in the world where Luo Zheng came from, he had never heard of such gigantic Sea Turtle Giants.