When the three Sea Turtle Giants ran into Luo Zheng's pagoda's attack range, the twelve archers pulled their bowstrings and shot arrows into the air at the same time!
These archers were originally created by the illusory array, so their movements were almost exactly the same!
"Xiu, xiu, xiu …"
The first round of twelve arrows, dragging twelve rainbow-like rays of light, shot at the Sea Turtle Giant at the front. When the arrows sank into the Sea Turtle Giant, they suddenly burst out with crackling sounds.
"Pa, pa, pa, pa …"
Even if these arrows didn't hit Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could still feel the power contained in the explosion.
The twelve arrows were equivalent to the full strength of twelve experts at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. How amazing was this power?
The Sea Turtle Giant at the front only had time to let out a howl before it fell to the ground with a plop. Even the pagoda Luo Zheng was standing on shook violently.
"One round of arrows and the Sea Turtle Giant fell to the ground." Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless. The twelve-level pagoda was much stronger than the eleven-level pagoda. He was in the illusory array, but he didn't know that there was such a loophole in the design of the array, and this loophole was exploited by Luo Zheng, so it was so simple …
In contrast, the other warriors didn't have such an easy time.
The Sea Turtle Giants were very powerful. The Mysterious Ice Arrows of the ninth-level pagoda could only slow down the pace of the Sea Turtle Giants, but couldn't cause any real damage to them. If they wanted to defeat the Sea Turtle Giants, they still had to rely on themselves.
However, starting from the sixth wave of Monster Beast attacks, the difficulty of each wave increased, and the number of eliminated cultivators also increased. Out of the 400 cultivators, there were less than 50 people who made it to the tenth wave. These 50 people were at least considered elites among the cultivators.
At this moment, these martial artists were doing their best to hold on. After all, they were only a step away from passing the first stage. If they fought against each other in the second stage, there was still a good chance that they would be able to obtain a spot in the inner competition!
Only Luo Zheng calmly looked at the twelve archers by his side. After three rounds of arrows, the three Sea Turtle Giants fell to the ground and turned into specks of light before disappearing into the air.
Because the tiny pagoda was killing too quickly, Luo Zheng and Yao Ye were completely free instead. Out of boredom, Luo Zheng even strolled through the surroundings. In the end, practically all the cultivators in the territory around him had been eliminated, and not a single one remained ….
Ning Yudie in the palace couldn't help but laugh when she saw Luo Zheng's idle appearance.
Mo Yuezhang and Elder Xiao, and Elder Xiao were speechless. Sang Yang, and Sea Turtle Giants were carefully designed by the ninth-level pagoda. It required the warriors had to constantly attract the attention of the ninth-level pagoda, and kill them while the pagoda's speed, the pagoda's's's... tower's slowed slowed 'pagoda' pagoda 'pagoda's, the pagoda's, pagoda reduced speed speed speed....
But because of the Level 12 Arrow Tower, the powerful Sea Turtle Giant was killed as soon as it appeared. What was the point of the test?
Tomorrow, before tomorrow's assessment, he had to emphasize this rule! Warriors that were skilled in the territories of others would be eliminated immediately!
Actually, Sang Yang's worries were unwarranted. Luo Zheng had relied on his own strength to take advantage of this loophole. Some warriors were capable of releasing clones, such as Quintessential Avatars, and they were similarly comparable to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit.
However, their clones weren't strong enough and were unable to resist the attacks of the demon beasts. So, they naturally didn't dare to fly out and seize the points of others.
So, since the Illusion Formation had been set up, practically no warrior had done such a thing. Luo Zheng could be considered to be the first to do so, but no one knew if he would be the last.
After a long time, the tenth wave of attacks had finally come to an end. Less than 50 people had been eliminated, and only 22 had been eliminated. In other words, the final three spots would be decided from these 22 people.
Sang Yang gazed at the changes in the Illusion Formation Disk, and then he said, "Begin the second phase of the test!" As soon as he finished speaking, he started controlling the Illusion Formation Disk.
Ning Yudie gazed at Xin Gui. She also knew that the most crucial part of the outer examination was coming. Whether or not Luo Zheng could qualify for the inner competition depended on this phase of the test! However, Luo Zheng had upgraded the small pagoda to level 12. Others who had killed the Sea Turtle Giant and obtained points could only upgrade the small pagoda to level 10 … Even Ning Yudie couldn't underestimate the strength of the archers on the level 12 pagoda. After all, it was an all-out attack from 12 experts at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
It shouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng to pass the second phase of the test.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt the light dim. He looked up and saw that the sky in the Illusion Formation was slowly turning dark. Whether it was the sky or the grassland, they all gradually disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes.
"The second phase has begun," Luo Zheng said faintly.
The surrounding environment was rapidly disappearing. Only the small pagoda under Luo Zheng's feet didn't disappear. Instead, it quietly floated in the endless void.
Soon, small pagoda after small pagoda appeared not far away. They were separated by a certain distance from each other.
Luo Zheng glanced at these small pagoda and roughly counted. Including himself, there were a total of 21 small pagoda! All the surviving martial artists were standing on their own small pagodas.
"What's the matter with that guy? His small pagoda … why is it so big? "
"Impossible, this guy cheated, right? We all have level 10 small pagoda. Why is that guy's small pagoda twice as big as mine?! "
"Unless his small pagoda is level 11 or level 12! But it's impossible to earn extra points in this Illusion Formation! How did he upgrade his small pagoda to level 12?! "
Many warriors' eyes weren't any worse than Luo Zheng's. They started to discuss spiritedly.
Because they saw Luo Zheng's small pagoda, which was like a fortress, and then looked at their own small pagoda, which they had risked their lives to upgrade to level 10 …
Everyone's hearts suddenly felt unbalanced.
"This kid … how did he do it?" Ao Xiang, who was standing on top of the level 10 small pagoda, had a strange expression on his face. Ao Xiang was a warrior at the peak of the Divine Reflection Realm. Being able to pass through wave after wave of demonic beasts was already something to be proud of.
However, Ao Xiang didn't feel any pride because of this. Because he had come here from the Hulun Grassland with the goal of entering the inner competition. As for the outer competition, he felt that it was just a process he had to go through. He would definitely be able to get a spot in the inner competition!
Logically speaking, after entering the second stage, everyone would have a level 10 small pagoda. In the end, he suddenly saw Luo Zheng standing on an even higher level pagoda. It would be strange if he didn't feel puzzled!
Moreover, this kid was that third-stage Divine Reflection Realm kid he had seen before. This made Ao Xiang somewhat unable to accept it!
"Is the World Business Alliance deliberately taking care of that guy?" Ao Xiang had this thought in his mind. After all, Luo Zheng's small pagoda was really too … eye-catching.
Ao Xiang wasn't the only one who had this thought. Many other warriors thought so too.
"I originally thought that the World Business Alliance was very fair. I didn't expect them to use such methods!"
"If it's an unfair victory, then the Outer Trial is just a cover. Whoever wants to enter the Inner Trial will be able to do so!"
"Get rid of that kid and take his small pagoda!"
Under normal circumstances, no one would provoke Luo Zheng at this time. However, Luo Zheng was only at the third-stage Divine Reflection Realm. If they could take away Luo Zheng's small pagoda, they believed that they would be able to completely crush the other warriors!
But, the second stage of the chaotic battle hadn't started yet. There were still some faint energy barriers surrounding the 22 small pagodas. However, the goal of these people was clear. Although Luo Zheng didn't provoke them, because of the small pagoda beneath his feet, he had successfully attracted everyone's hatred to himself.
Looking at the excited faces of these people, Luo Zheng couldn't help but reveal a bitter smile. If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have allowed his small pagoda to reach the 12th level. The hatred he had attracted was too deep!
"The second stage of the chaotic battle begins now!"
As soon as Sang Yang's voice was heard, the four martialists closest to Luo Zheng rushed towards him from within the illusory array.
Looking at these warriors, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. Yao Ye who was holding a huge sword in his hand immediately stood in front of Luo Zheng. At the same time, he waved his hand, causing 12 archers to raise their bows and arrows!
A single Void Tribulation warrior was able to defeat a few Divine Core warriors! Besides, the archers on top of the 10th level pagoda were only Mid Divine Core warriors. The gap between them and Luo Zheng's 12th level pagoda was too huge!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
Twelve extremely powerful arrows were shot out in an instant!
The arrows shot out by these archers beside Luo Zheng were extremely powerful. With just a single round of arrows, the four warriors who were dashing toward Luo Zheng were instantly destroyed along with their small pagoda.
Many warriors in the illusion formation had the intention of taking away Luo Zheng's small pagoda, but right now, all of them were dead silent …
＝＝＝＝＝