All of their expressions were frozen on their faces, including surprise, shock, disbelief, and disbelief!
Luo Zheng's pagoda was stronger than the others, and these warriors knew this very well, although they had no idea how Luo Zheng did it.
But, this was just too ridiculously strong …
Those warriors who were able to withstand ten waves of attacks were the strongest warriors in this outer layer competition. Out of the original four hundred warriors, only twenty were left.
Especially the wave of attacks from the Sea Turtle Giants. Without incredible strength and patience, there was no way they could withstand the attacks of three giants that were as big as hills.
They had used all of their strength, and even used some secret techniques, including burning their own blood essence, and other methods. Finally, they were able to withstand the attacks from the Sea Turtle Giants, and had diligently upgraded their pagoda to the tenth level. Now, there was only one step left! They would be able to obtain a spot in the second stage of the competition!
But, they had never expected to encounter something like this …
After the initial surprise, shock, and disbelief, anger emerged on their faces. How could something so unfair happen? How could a Third Level Divine Reflection kid own such a powerful pagoda? Wasn't this cheating?
If they were in the real world, perhaps they would restrain their anger. After all, they only had one life, and when faced with such a powerful pagoda like Luo Zheng, they would probably scatter and run for their lives.
But, no one would really die in the illusory formation. Also, these warriors were extremely angry, and because of that, another dozen warriors rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"Kill him!"
"Everyone, let's attack together! He can't handle so many of us by himself! "
"Most likely, the World Business Alliance helped him cheat, this is bullying!"
While these warriors were rushing towards Luo Zheng, the archers on top of the tenth level pagoda raised their longbows and shot out Profound Ice Arrows at Luo Zheng!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
There were ten archers on top of every tenth level pagoda, and each warrior had their own pagoda. Therefore, there were over a hundred archers attacking Luo Zheng right now!
Every single arrow shot by the archers on the 10th level pagoda was equivalent to a full force attack from a Mid Divine Core warrior. In other words, at this moment, there were over 100 Divine Core warriors attacking Luo Zheng at the same time!
A dense rain of arrows flew towards Luo Zheng. Every arrow was extremely powerful. This scene was almost suffocating.
Luo Zheng's face also showed a dignified expression. Although he had a Level 12 Small Pagoda, he didn't dare to take the attack of these arrows head on.
"Retreat!"
Under the control of Luo Zheng, the small pagoda under his feet instantly moved several hundred zhang away, avoiding the impact of the rain of arrows.
While dodging, Luo Zheng also launched a counterattack. The 12 powerhouses comparable to the False Tribulation Realm raised their hands again!
In this illusion array, a False Tribulation Realm expert was more than enough to crush everyone. After all, the strongest among these cultivators was only at the middle stage of the Divine Core realm. Not to mention, Luo Zheng had 12 False Tribulation Realm archers by his side!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
Twelve dazzling arrows were shot back at Luo Zheng. These twelve arrows were much more ferocious than the previous hundred arrows, and their speed was so fast that it was hard to dodge them.
"Clap, clap, clap, clap …"
Twelve bright lights exploded, and another 12 cultivators were killed along with their pagodas. Both the pagodas and the pagodas were shattered into pieces by the explosion.
"Another 12 men have been eliminated …" The faces of the remaining cultivators turned gloomy. There was no way they could fight against Luo Zheng.
The rule of the second stage was to destroy the opponent's pagodas and obtain their points. Luo Zheng took a look at his pagoda. The points on it were increasing at an incredible speed.
Just Luo Zheng alone had destroyed 16 pagodas, and there were only a little over 20 cultivators in this space …
That also meant that as long as Luo Zheng wanted to, he could kill all the cultivators here and take all three spots for himself. However, it was useless for him to take all three spots.
"My friend, I am from the top third-grade sect, Zihua Sect! If you dare to eliminate me, you will become an enemy of my Zihua Sect! "A cultivator in a purple Taoist robe shouted at Luo Zheng.
However, as soon as the cultivator in purple Taoist robe finished speaking, a dazzling arrow shot out and blew the cultivator into pieces!
Many of the remaining cultivators were from third-grade sects. However, third-grade sects were not qualified to get a spot in the World Business Alliance, so the cultivators from their sects could only participate in the Martial Arts Conference as independent cultivators.
Therefore, when they heard the cultivator from Zihua Sect threatening Luo Zheng, they were all prepared to do the same! They didn't expect that the cultivator from Zihua Sect would end up in such a miserable state, and Luo Zheng would be so unscrupulous! It was as if he didn't put Zihua Sect in his eyes at all.
In any case, Zihua Sect was a top third-grade sect. It was only one step away from entering the ranks of fourth-grade sects and was as famous as Blood Wood Cliff, Mysterious Yin Mansion, and other fourth-grade sects!
"It's useless to threaten me," Luo Zheng said coldly, "The remaining two spots are up to me to decide. You guys make your bids!"
"What?"
"You still want to sell the spots for the Outer Trial!"
"That's too much!"
The faces of the remaining cultivators were even more gloomy. They originally wanted to negotiate with Luo Zheng. Because Luo Zheng had killed more than a dozen cultivators and the small pagoda, he could definitely get one of the spots. He could just watch from the sidelines and let them fight for the remaining two spots.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would raise the price and sell the spots for the World Business Alliance here …
There was no conspiracy behind this? They wouldn't believe it even if they were beaten to death. So at this time, they weren't cursing Luo Zheng in their hearts, but the World Business Alliance. As expected, the World Business Alliance was the biggest profiteer in the Central Domain …
When Sang Yang saw this scene in his letter tablet, he was so angry that his nose was crooked. He had seen too much, but never to this extent. What did he think the World Business Alliance was? This kid was too good at profiteering.
Mo Yuezhang smiled bitterly and asked Ning Yudie, "How poor is this disciple of your Cloud Cloud Hall? He even wants to sell this?"
Ning Yudie had a faint smile on her face as she looked at the calm Luo Zheng. She didn't answer Mo Yuezhang's question, but in her heart, she thought that if she really took out Luo Zheng's net worth, Mo Yuezhang would probably be scared to death!
Although Ning Yudie didn't know how many good things Luo Zheng had, she could tell that he was willing to give her a drop of True Dragon's blood so casually.
"If you think this is too much, you don't have to buy it. If no one wants it, I'll do it myself." Luo Zheng continued. With just a single order from him, all the warriors in the area would be killed by him.
Not far away from Luo Zheng, two Mid Divine Core warriors were communicating with each other using their True Energies.
When Luo Zheng had just entered the palace, these two Mid Divine Core warriors had been paying attention to Luo Zheng. However, neither of them had expected that their fates would be controlled by this Third Stage Divine Reflection Realm warrior, Luo Zheng.
"What should we do? Big brother, should we kill him with a heavy blow? If both of us work together, we have a pretty good chance of killing him! "One of the Mid Divine Core warriors said.
The other Mid Divine Core warrior shook his head, "Those archers around him are as strong as False Tribulation warriors. Even if we strike with all our strength, we only have a 20% chance of killing him, maybe even less than 20%. The probability is too low, it's not worth it!"
"This guy is a decisive killer, he doesn't take the Zihua Sect seriously at all. Even if we threaten him with our sect, it's useless! What should we do now? "
"Let's compromise with him. A man like this is bound to be someone extraordinary in the future. If we encounter him in the inner competition, we'll kill him before he grows!"
A ferocious expression emerged on the faces of the two Mid Divine Core warriors. After that, one of them cupped his fist towards Luo Zheng and shouted, "Wait!"
When Luo Zheng heard what the warrior said, a faint smile emerged on his face. "What do you think? Do you want to bid? "
The Mid Divine Core warrior said, "Both of us are from the Wutong Sect, we'll each get one entry slot, and each entry slot costs 50 supreme rank True Origin Stones. What do you think?"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He looked around and said, "50 supreme rank True Origin Stones for one entry slot, is there anyone who wants to bid higher?"
A supreme rank True Origin Stone was equal to 1,000,000 low rank True Origin Stones. Even for these Divine Core warriors, it was a huge amount of money. When they heard the price, many warriors felt the pain in their hearts.
Right now, Sang Yang who was in the palace was fuming with anger. "This guy, this guy is still bidding!"