The Wutong Sect was also a third-grade sect. More importantly, the Wutong Sect was adjacent to a True Essence Stone mine. Therefore, the Wutong Sect was much wealthier than the other third-grade sects.
The two cultivators from the Wutong Sect had shouted out 50 top-grade True Essence Stones in one breath. They wanted to take this spot and prevent other cultivators from bidding.
In fact, after Luo Zheng's massacre, there were only seven cultivators left. Besides Luo Zheng and the two cultivators from the Wutong Sect, there were four cultivators left.
In the empty illusion array, everyone fell silent. Suddenly, someone stood on his small pagoda and shouted, "I bid 80 top-grade True Essence Stones."
The person who had spoken was Ao Xiang. He was also the only cultivator besides Luo Zheng who had reached the Divine Reflection Realm in today's outer region test.
Ao Xiang was very depressed. Originally, with his strength, passing the outer region test and obtaining a spot in the inner region test was a foregone conclusion. He hadn't expected such a fellow to appear at the last moment.
In fact, Ao Xiang felt that he had a 30% chance of killing Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng had counterattacked, Ao Xiang had also wanted to make a move. A few Wind-Blade Conches had gently revolved around his hands.
In the end, Ao Xiang had given up on attacking.
Thirty percent was too little. Besides, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't as simple as it seemed on the surface, even though he was only at the third tier of the Divine Reflection Realm.
It would be best if he could use top-grade True Essence Stones to solve this problem. Ao Xiang didn't have many things, but he had a lot of top-grade True Essence Stones …
He had been training in the Hulun Grasslands all year round. Once, he fell into a cave in the grasslands and accidentally discovered a large treasure trove. This treasure trove should have been hidden by a sect. However, this sect had been destroyed six hundred years ago. Thus, this treasure trove became Ao Xiang's personal possession.
Therefore, as an independent cultivator, Ao Xiang was wealthier than the two cultivators from the Wutong Sect.
When they heard Ao Xiang's bid, the faces of the two Wutong Sect cultivators sank. It would be troublesome if someone were to bid on this matter.
"One hundred top-grade True Origin Stones." A martial artist from the Wutong Sect gritted his teeth and shouted.
The income of a sect disciple was generally not too high. Even if they completed a mission assigned by the sect, the sect would still have to draw a reward. One hundred top grade true essence stones was already their limit.
"One hundred and fifty!" Ao Xiang calmly shouted his price.
The two Parasol Tree Sect disciples glanced at each other and then used true essence sound transmissions to discuss. One of the martial artists shook his head and said, "I give up!"
The two disciples of the Wutong Sect gave up one spot, while the other used 100 top-grade True Origin Stones to exchange for a spot.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled as he nodded and said, "The two quotas have been sold. But I'd like to trouble you to swear on your martial arts heart! After leaving the illusion array, just give me the top-grade True Essence Stones. "
Anyone could nod, but there was no guarantee for their words. If they walked out of the illusion array and turned hostile, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything about it.
"It's just a few True Origin Stones. There's no need for that …" The Wutong Sect disciple said.
"If you don't swear on your martial arts heart, then there's no need to talk," Luo Zheng said indifferently, but there was a dense killing intent hidden in his words.
In the end, Ao Xiang and the Wutong Sect disciple gritted their teeth and swore on their martial arts hearts.
After they swore, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and the twelve False Tribulation Realm archers beside him raised their longbows at the same time!
"Xiu xiu xiu …"
Of course, the remaining martial artists wouldn't sit still and wait for death. However, under the arrows of the False Tribulation Realm archers, no matter how they ran or struggled, it was useless. In the end, they couldn't escape the fate of being killed by the arrows.
After this wave of arrows, there were only three martial artists left in the illusion array: Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and the Wutong Sect disciple.
When Ning Yudie saw that today's assessment was coming to an end, the complicated and strange feeling in her heart became even stronger. Although she had specially come today to see Luo Zheng's performance, now she suddenly didn't want Luo Zheng to see her. She didn't even want Luo Zheng to know that she had been here …
So Ning Yudie put on a smile and said to Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao, "Since the assessment is over, I'll take my leave. However, I have one thing to ask of you elders. Don't tell Luo Zheng that I was here today."
Hearing Ning Yudie's strange request, Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao both had strange expressions on their faces. Why was a dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall still hiding? Was she afraid that the disciples of the Cloud Hall would know that she had been here?
Being stared at like this by Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao, Ning Yudie's fair face inexplicably turned red.
Seeing Ning Yudie's face, Mo Yuezhang and Old Xiao were even more surprised. What was going on?
Ning Yudie forced a smile and only said, "I'll take my leave first." With that, she turned and hurried out of the palace.
Seeing this strange behavior, Mo Yuezhang, Old Xiao, Sang Yang, and the others couldn't make sense of it.
After a while, the martial artists who had entered the illusion array today walked out and entered the palace.
Out of the 400 martial artists, only three had advanced to the inner round. The elimination rate was shockingly high.
Most of the martial artists had been eliminated by the illusion array itself. Only 20 or so martial artists had been eliminated by Luo Zheng's small pagoda.
And these 20 or so martial artists who had been eliminated by Luo Zheng were all staring at Luo Zheng with hatred! If it weren't for the presence of the World Business Alliance Elders in the palace, they would have swarmed up and torn Luo Zheng to pieces.
Being stared at by so many hateful gazes, Luo Zheng's face was calm and even had a faint smile on his face.
Ao Xiang walked in front of Luo Zheng and threw a bag full of top-grade True Origin Stones to Luo Zheng. The Wutong Sect disciple did the same. After all, he had already sworn on his martial heart. If he had a heart demon because of these True Origin Stones, it wouldn't be worth it for him.
Most of the martial artists didn't know what was going on. After all, they didn't know what had happened in the second stage of the assessment …
Sang Yang looked at this scene with a headache. He wanted to cancel Luo Zheng's spot, but when he thought about how protective Ning Yudie was, if he canceled his spot because of this, Ning Yudie would definitely find trouble with him! More importantly, Sang Yang couldn't stand on his side of this matter. If Ning Yudie really went to the World Business Alliance to reason with him, he would be the one in trouble.
Therefore, even though Sang Yang was very, very unhappy with Luo Zheng's actions, he could only give up in the end.
"The three people who passed today's assessment in the outer round are Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and Fu Gaozhuo! These three people are qualified to participate in the inner round. The other independent martial artists can receive a reward from the World Business Alliance … "
There were also some geniuses among the independent martial artists. The Martial Arts Competition was an opportunity for the World Business Alliance to win over these geniuses. After all, the World Business Alliance wasn't like the Cloud Hall or the Void Spirit Sect, which established sects to cultivate their own disciples. They were more focused on recruiting independent martial artists.
After obtaining the qualification to participate in the inner round, Luo Zheng's heart calmed down a little.
There was still some time before the inner round began. Luo Zheng didn't stay idle. He bought some necessities and materials in Tianqi City and then rented a secluded place. He didn't return to the Cloud Hall.
During these few days, besides cultivating, Luo Zheng had also been drawing divine patterns. In order to kill Si Miaoling, he had to make preparations early.
Although he hadn't seen Si Miaoling before, Si Miaoling's cultivation was at the middle stage of the Divine Core realm. She was already a huge challenge for Luo Zheng!
Moreover, Si Miaoling also had the Extreme Purple Yin Body, which was a special physique. More importantly, Si Miaoling was a martial artist who was taught by the number one martial artist in the Central Domain, Cui Xie. Luo Zheng wasn't sure if they were master and disciple, but Si Miaoling must have received a lot of guidance from Cui Xie.
Under such a serious challenge, Luo Zheng didn't dare to underestimate her. He had to do his best!
Luo Zheng spent an entire day to draw two divine runes.
These two divine patterns were drawn according to Qinglong's request. In the end, the divine patterns were imprinted on Luo Zheng's arms. After the light from the two divine patterns dissipated, they turned into pitch-black lines. Before the divine patterns were activated, these two divine patterns were like tattoos that stuck close to Luo Zheng's arms.
After drawing the divine patterns, Luo Zheng began cultivating.
Two days later, Luo Zheng stepped into the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm from the third stage. Increasing his cultivation was always Luo Zheng's most urgent matter.