The "Seventh Brother" Qinglong spoke of was one of the nine true dragons.
After Qinglong swallowed the Moonkin Evil Spirit in the city of the True Dragon Realm, he remained silent for a long time.
According to Qinglong, the Moonkin Evil Spirit would be divided into three parts. One part would be used to repair Qinglong's body, another part would be used to awaken "Seventh Brother", and the remaining part would be used to create a "soul seed" for Luo Zheng.
After waiting for a long time, Qinglong finally sent word that he was going to awaken "Seventh Brother".
Luo Zheng slowly closed his eyes. After sitting down, he entered a meditative state. His soul was also immersed in the depths of his mind.
On top of the mysterious furnace, Qinglong's dragon eyes emitted a fierce dragon's aura. However, when he noticed Luo Zheng's soul approaching, a trace of kindness appeared in his eyes.
Inside the Azure Dragon's huge mouth, there is a huge black pearl. The Azure Dragon is biting this black pearl with its mouth.
Luo Zheng hadn't noticed the black pearl before. Luo Zheng asked, "Is this black pearl refined from the Moonkin Evil Spirit?"
"Yes." Qinglong's dragon head nodded slightly. Clearly, after absorbing the Moonkin Evil Spirit, Qinglong's body had grown much stronger. "I hope I can use this to awaken Seventh Brother …"
Qinglong then spat out the black pearl. The black pearl flew toward the dragon sculptures on top of the mysterious furnace and shot into the mouth of one of the dragons.
When the black pearl touched the dragon's mouth, it turned into a black substance. It was somewhat similar to soul essence, but it gave off a feeling that it was many times purer than the soul essence refined from the Black Devil Venomous Centipede.
When all the black substance entered the dragon's mouth, everything became quiet again.
Back then, Luo Zheng had risked his soul to help Qinglong subdue the Moonkin Evil Spirit. One of the main reasons was that Qinglong had awakened his "Seventh Brother" and could teach Luo Zheng the Body Tempering Art.
In the Central Domain, body refining techniques were not very popular. All the sects and martial artists mainly focused on the Quintessential Qi system. Only a very small number of people cultivated body refining techniques. Basically, there were no good body refining techniques.
If he could inherit Seventh Brother's Body Refining Technique, Luo Zheng's battle prowess would be greatly enhanced!
Luo Zheng and Qinglong both looked at the dragon relief quietly, their eyes full of expectation.
One breath of time …
Two breaths of time …
Three breaths of time …
Ten breaths …
The expectant look on Luo Zheng's and Qinglong's faces gradually faded and was replaced by disappointment.
It seemed that the black pearl refined by the evil spirit of the owl beast was still unable to awaken the true dragon.
Just as the man and the dragon were feeling disappointed, the dragon relief suddenly trembled.
Qinglong's dragon eyes suddenly lit up. "Seventh Brother …"
Luo Zheng saw strands of red begin to dye the true dragon like cloth. This was a red dragon!
"Ge ge ge …"
When the color on the surface of the crimson dragon was completely restored, the crimson dragon raised its head slightly. Its pair of huge dragon eyes revealed a perplexed look, and an old and heavy voice came out.
"Where am I?" the red dragon asked.
"Seventh Brother, it's me," Qinglong said as he coiled around the mysterious furnace.
"Ninth Brother … did you wake me up?" The perplexed expression in the red dragon's eyes gradually faded. Its frozen memories for who knows how many years were rapidly recovering.
"Yes. My current ability is limited, so I could only wake you up first …" Qinglong said. Suddenly, a string of complicated dragon language came out of his mouth.
Luo Zheng didn't understand the language of the true dragon clan. Even if he did, he wouldn't be able to protrude out such complicated syllables from his mouth. He guessed that Qinglong was communicating with the red dragon about what had happened during this period of time. While Qinglong was speaking, the red dragon couldn't help but look at Luo Zheng a few times.
After Qinglong and the red dragon conversed for a while, the red dragon suddenly laughed. "Human boy, you really refined yourself into a spiritual weapon? Interesting, interesting … "
Luo Zheng nodded, but he didn't know what the red dragon wanted to say.
"Among the trillions of creatures in the 100,000 great worlds, I'm afraid you won't be able to find another person with a constitution like yours … However, the Primordial Dipper produced during the tempering of your body was actually used to cleanse your dantian. What a waste …" the red dragon murmured.
"Primordial Dipper?" Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
"Didn't Ol 'Nine tell you? Your body is actually the embryonic form of a Primordial Spirit Treasure! " The red dragon said faintly. "Unfortunately, you don't know how to use Primordial Dipper at all. You only use it to cleanse your body. After becoming a xiantian lifeform, you've cultivated a cultivation method of the true essence system, so you've wasted the Primordial Dipper. You don't know how precious it is … it's so precious that you can't even begin to imagine it. "
Luo Zheng was stunned by the red dragon's words.
Whether it was Qinglong or the red dragon, they were like rulers of the great worlds!
If Qinglong and the red dragon hadn't been reduced to their current state, they could probably destroy the entire great thousand great worlds with a wave of their hand. Not just the Central Domain, but the entire world!
Even the red dragon thought it was incomparably precious. Back then, Luo Zheng had only used it to cleanse his body. Moreover, after becoming a xiantian lifeform, Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated any body-refining arts, so he'd used the Primordial Dipper to cleanse his dantian. Unfortunately, the results weren't very good.
Luo Zheng himself was somewhat speechless.
"I've learned from Old Ninth that you paid a great price to wake me up. In return, I can teach you body-refining arts. I've never thought highly of you humans, but your constitution is very special. It'll be a waste if you don't use it to refine your body. You … can you persevere? " The red dragon asked faintly. There were many humans in the True Dragon Realm, but most of them belonged to the Dragon Bloodline Clan and possessed the bloodline of true dragons.
For example, the Dragon Bloodline Clan possessed the blood of true dragons, so their body-refining arts were far more powerful than ordinary humans. However, humans were ultimately born to cultivate true essence and adapt to the cultivation method of the true essence system.
Therefore, there were many body-refining arts among them, but the truly powerful ones still relied on the true essence system.
Luo Zheng's soul stared at the red dragon, his eyes full of unswerving determination. "No matter how difficult it is, I'll persevere."
No matter how one looked at it, Luo Zheng had no reason not to persevere.
First of all, Luo Zheng's most recent goal was to rescue his sister! Although he had done it before, it had only been a fleeting moment, and Luo Yan had been taken away. Secondly, Luo Zheng had a heart that pursued the pinnacle of martial arts. Only by constantly becoming stronger would he be able to stride further and higher on the martial arts path until he reached the pinnacle!
"Hmm, your temperament is not bad. This stage is very rare. Since that's the case, you should prepare first. I'll help you temper your body!" the red dragon continued.
"Temper my body?" Luo Zheng asked again, "Didn't I enter the Innate Secret Realm through tempering my body?"
Before entering the Innate Secret Realm, martial artists also needed to temper their bodies to expel the impurities in their bodies. First, it was the Skin Tempering Realm, then the Flesh Tempering Realm, the Bone Tempering Realm, the Organ Tempering Realm, and the Marrow Tempering Realm. Back then, Luo Zheng had relied on the Primordial Astral Winds to expel the impurities in his body.
"After entering the Innate Secret Realm, the Primordial Astral Winds produced in your body are basically useless. A small portion of it has been lost, and most of it has been immersed in various parts of your body. Because you often cleanse your dantian with the Primordial Astral Winds, there are the most Primordial Astral Winds near your dantian. I'm going to use these Primordial Astral Winds to help you temper your body! As for the Body Forging you mentioned … Haha. "In other words, the crimson dragon seemed to be completely dismissive of the Body Forging Technique that Luo Zheng practiced in the Eastern Territory. He did not even bother to comment on it.
It was normal for him to be dismissive … Luo Zheng naturally knew that the Red Sandalwood Fist he practiced in the beginning was even worse than trash in the eyes of the red dragon.
After entering the Innate Secret Realm, Luo Zheng didn't use the "warm current" produced after being beaten up, which was the Primordial Astral Winds. Over time, a considerable amount of Primordial Astral Winds had been accumulated. The red dragon intended to use these Primordial Astral Winds to temper his body.
"The process of tempering your body will be very painful. Be mentally prepared," the red dragon warned before Luo Zheng exited from the meditation state.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes, nodded softly, and then stood in the courtyard outside. Although the rent for this secluded small courtyard was high because of the Martial Arts Conference, it was still very cheap for Luo Zheng, who had hundreds of top-grade True Meta Stones, so Luo Zheng simply rented the entire courtyard. There was no one in this courtyard except for Luo Zheng.
"Okay, I'll start to help you temper your body with the Primordial Astral Winds." After the red dragon's voice came, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his body stiffen.
＝＝＝＝＝