Before this, Luo Zheng didn't know that the warm current in his body was called the Primordial Dipper. This was because every time he was beaten up, the Primordial Dipper would slowly flow through his body, making him feel extremely comfortable and cozy. Therefore, Luo Zheng had always called it the "warm current".
After starting to temper his body, Luo Zheng finally understood why this warm current was called the Primordial Dipper!
Under the control of the crimson dragon, the Primordial Dipper in his body started to flow through Luo Zheng's limbs and bones. It spread evenly through every part of his body: hands, feet, nails, neck, spine, and internal organs …
After it had completely spread out, the Primordial Dipper instantly became frantic.
The extremely comfortable warm current seemed to have turned into balls of sulfuric acid …
"Ah —"
Luo Zheng was tough by nature. Moreover, he had been a human target for so long. His ability to endure pain was absolutely top-notch! However, the moment the Primordial Dipper was activated, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roar out. This kind of pain was absolutely not something a person could endure.
The courtyard that Luo Zheng rented belonged to an ordinary family in Heavenly Awakening City. Because this courtyard had been empty for a long time, and now that the Heavenly Awakening City's Martial Arts Conference was about to be held, he naturally rented it out for a good price.
This family's family members were all at the side of the courtyard, running a jade store across the street.
After renting out this courtyard, the family head repeatedly warned his family members that the person who rented their courtyard was a "martial artist", and an extremely powerful "martial artist" at that. No matter what happened, they were not to disturb him.
To diligent ordinary people, this kind of martial artist who could go anywhere was no different from an immortal. Therefore, in the past few days, the family members didn't even come within three feet of this courtyard.
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng let out a violent howl in the courtyard. Even the walls of the courtyard shook, and two green bricks rolled down from the ceiling ….
From the back door of the jade store, a young girl dressed in green came out. She picked up the two blue bricks that had been shaken off and placed them under her feet. Looking through the courtyard wall, she saw a youth who was about the same age as her, constantly thrashing about on the ground.
"This is that martial artist?" The young girl quietly hid by the wall and watched Luo Zheng roll about in pain.
Most of the ordinary people in Heavenly Awakening City lived very ordinary lives. Apart from occasionally seeing the Flying Chariots and the cultivators flying in the air, they did not have any interactions with the cultivators who could fly in the sky or dive into the ground.
Therefore, this young girl was somewhat curious. She wanted to see what this immortal looked like up close. She didn't expect that she would be shocked. So, a martial artist had to endure such pain?
The pain brought by the Primordial Dipper to temper his body exceeded any pain that Luo Zheng had ever experienced. This kind of pain came from almost every part of his body. Whether it was his fingers, back, stomach, or heart, every part of his body was tortured by the Primordial Dipper!
Luo Zheng was like a fish that jumped out of the water into a river. He kept thrashing about on the ground, hoping to relieve his pain.
"Eh, this kid lasted longer than I thought …" The red dragon said in surprise.
Qinglong said, "His soul has already stepped into the War Soul Realm. It won't be so easy for him to faint."
"I see … Actually, it's better that he fainted. This kind of pain is really not something that he can endure." The red dragon shook its head. "However, if you want to obtain something, you have to pay a price. This kid needs to be mentally prepared!"
"Bang!"
"Boom!"
"Pa!"
The brown tiles on the ground were crushed by Luo Zheng's body. Then, he knocked down a stone pillar in the small courtyard and crashed into a house. In an instant, three rows of houses in the courtyard collapsed.
The head of the family gathered all the family members and hid in the jade shop. The head of the family said, "Don't be afraid. This is a warrior practicing martial arts! No matter what happens, don't go and look! "
"Bi Chun, where is Bi Chun?" Someone asked.
The head of the family looked around, but he didn't see his daughter Bi Chun!
Bi Chun was leaning against the wall, staring at the movements in the courtyard with burning eyes! At the age of 14, she was very curious. "Does this guy really have a head of copper and an arm of iron? He knocked the wall into pieces, but his head is still intact? There's no blood at all! Can all warriors be so powerful? "
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng knocked around in the house and finally returned to the courtyard. Then, with a grunt, he bumped into Bi Chun.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, just a slight bump would probably be enough to kill an ordinary person! Not to mention a weak girl like Bi Chun.
"Boom …"
The wall of the small courtyard was knocked down by Luo Zheng, which happened to be the place where Bi Chun was hiding. At this time, Bi Chun covered her ears and looked at Luo Zheng, who was covered in dust. Her big bright eyes blinked.
"He finally fainted?" Bi Chun stared at Luo Zheng's face.
After fainting, Luo Zheng's painful and ferocious face slowly returned to its original state. Bi Chun looked at him carefully and thought that this warrior was quite handsome. However, when she saw his dirty face, Bi Chun frowned. She, who was a clean person, couldn't accept it, so she suddenly ran to the back room.
"Bi Chun, Bi Chun, come back! We don't care about him! " The family head waved at her from the jade store. Under normal circumstances, ordinary people like them shouldn't have anything to do with warriors.
However, Bi Chun acted as if she didn't hear him. She went to the back room to get a bucket of water and a few pieces of white cloth. Then, she bent down to help Luo Zheng clean up …
The two true dragons in her mind didn't react to the actions of the human girl in the outside world. They were discussing another topic.
"Old Nine, are you sure your guess is right?" Red Dragon's expression was very serious.
Qinglong nodded and said, "Yes, this young man indeed has the destiny of the Battle of the Great Era! No matter if it's talent or luck, he's unstoppable … So, if we nurture him with all our strength, it'll only be good for us. "
Red Dragon's expression became more serious. "The destiny of the Battle of the Great Era doesn't only depend on talent and luck. According to big brother, didn't he say that the destiny of the Battle of the Great Era requires the combination of talent, luck, and destiny? This young man's talent is indeed good. As for luck … Just like you said, his luck is very strong, but I don't see 'destiny guidance'! "
Qinglong smiled slightly. "You don't understand. Luo Zheng's destiny guidance doesn't lie with him."
"Oh?" Red Dragon showed an inquisitive expression. Qinglong had woken up much earlier than him, so there were many things that Red Dragon didn't know.
"Luo Zheng has a younger sister called Luo Yan. I think Luo Zheng's destiny guidance is Luo Yan!" Qinglong judged. Then, Qinglong analyzed Luo Zheng's rescue of Luo Yan.
From the moment Luo Zheng took his first step, his target had always been Luo Yan. After a lot of hardships, he finally reached out to grab Luo Yan, but because of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, he was taken away by Cui Xie.
Therefore, Qinglong felt that Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's destiny guidance!
"Old Jiu, now that you mention it, I do think it's quite similar! But we can't be sure yet … If it's really as you guessed, as Luo Zheng's destiny guidance, Luo Yan can't just guide Luo Zheng to this small Central Domain, this small Vast Thousand Domains, "Red Dragon judged.
Qinglong nodded. "This is also why I don't dare to jump to a conclusion. Let's see if Luo Zheng can rescue Luo Yan. If Luo Zheng really does it, Luo Yan, as Luo Zheng's destiny guidance, is likely to be taken away again …"
"It's a pity that we can't wake Big Brother up. Otherwise, with Big Brother's divination ability, he would definitely be able to see if Luo Zheng is destined for the Battle of the Great Era!" Red Dragon said unwillingly.
Things like destiny were very mysterious. Even the True Dragon Clan couldn't understand it. The first person to see this point was Shi Jingtian. However, Shi Jingtian didn't know what the Battle of the Great Era was. He simply felt that Luo Yan seemed to be guiding Luo Zheng forward …
Luo Zheng had already fainted. He didn't know that after he fainted, the two True Dragons had such a conversation in his mind.