Although Luo Zheng was mentally prepared to face the pain of Body Forging, he didn't expect that it would be so unbearable.
His soul had already stepped into the War Soul Realm, and his willpower had also increased by several levels. However, he still couldn't bear this inhumane torture and fainted.
A series of footsteps came in. It was a young girl wearing a green silk robe. She was carrying a pot of hot tea. This young girl had an average appearance. She had neat bangs on her forehead. Her eyes were pure, and her footsteps were light.
"You're awake?" Seeing that Luo Zheng had woken up, the young girl poured a cup of hot tea and handed it to Luo Zheng.
This young girl was an ordinary person. She didn't have any cultivation. Luo Zheng's eyes swept over her. He completely let down his guard. He nodded and took a sip of the hot tea.
"I saw that you were in great pain. Do you need me to call a doctor for you?" Although Bi Chun knew that the body of a warrior was different from that of an ordinary person, Luo Zheng had been in so much pain. She had to find a doctor …
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He shook his head and said, "No need. A doctor can't cure me."
"Not necessarily. I know a very good doctor. He lives on the corner of our street. His surname is Wang. He has been a doctor for decades. He used to …" Bi Chun said seriously. The little girl's voice was elegant and clear, but it wasn't annoying.
When the little girl said this, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face. He didn't stop her, but let her continue.
However, Bi Chun was a careful person. Halfway through, she saw that Luo Zheng didn't have much reaction. She knew that he wasn't listening to her. Therefore, she stopped talking and glared at Luo Zheng. "Also, you rented my father's courtyard. If you break the house and floor, you have to pay for it!"
Luo Zheng tossed and turned in the small courtyard for a long time. No one in the Bi Family dared to come out. However, Bi Chun wasn't afraid at all. She helped Luo Zheng clean up.
Bi Chun's father had said that many martial artists were unscrupulous. They wouldn't be reasonable if they took a fancy to a girl. However, Bi Chun had an intuition that Luo Zheng wasn't that kind of person.
Now that Bi Chun's father saw a lot of damage in the courtyard, he was distressed but didn't dare to discuss the compensation with Luo Zheng. In the end, it was Bi Chun who opened the mouth.
Luo Zheng remembered that he had just destroyed several rooms. So, Luo Zheng took out a dozen low-grade true essence stones from his spatial ring and handed them to Bi Chun, "Is this enough?"
These low-grade true essence stones were leftover from Luo Zheng's purchase of materials.
Looking at the dozen low-grade True Essence Stones in front of her, Bi Chun blinked and shook her head. "I don't need so many."
There was an insurmountable gap between mortals and martial artists. A small family like the Bi Family could be considered a well-off family in Heavenly Awakening City. Every year, the entire family spent gold on food and clothing. Even if the price was reduced to one or two low-grade true essence stones, that's all.
To repair the damaged rooms, it probably wouldn't even cost half a low-grade true essence stone. A dozen low-grade true essence stones … to Bi Chun's family, this was a large sum of money. If Bi Chun's father knew that Bi Chun had refused, he would probably be so angry that he wouldn't be able to sleep. However, Luo Zheng still stuffed the stones into Bi Chun's hands.
Although Bi Chun wanted to refuse, she thought that her father would be very happy. In the end, she happily took the low-grade true essence stones and left. Before she left, she told Luo Zheng that she would send him dinner in the evening.
Bi Chun had just stepped out of the door when Luo Zheng jumped up from the bed. However, he didn't expect that with this jump, his head would directly hit the ceiling.
Luo Zheng's head smashed a large hole in the wooden ceiling.
When Bi Chun heard the sound, she retreated and poked her head out of the door, her eyes filled with a strange expression.
Luo Zheng awkwardly rubbed his forehead and smiled, "I will compensate you according to the price …"
Before this, Luo Zheng had always thought that the warm current could only help him refine the impurities in his body. The first step after entering the Xiantian Mystic Realm was to remove the impurities in his body and purify his body. But after entering the Xiantian Mystic Realm, this warm current had little effect on him.
It was only today that Luo Zheng understood the true method of using the Grandmist Dipper. This was also the first step of Luo Zheng's body tempering technique.
Because of using the Grandmist Dipper to temper his body, Luo Zheng's body had undergone a wonderful change. Just as he jumped, he felt that his body was filled with a strange power. This power was different from true essence. He could only feel the existence of this power, but he couldn't use it.
Therefore, as he was caught off guard, he jumped up and slammed his head into the ceiling.
"You formed your own true essence during the first tempering of your body. As expected of the Grandmist Dipper, hehe …" At this moment, the crimson dragon's voice drifted over.
"True essence?" Luo Zheng's eyes slightly twitched.
"Yes, this is the martial Dao of body tempering …" The crimson dragon explained.
The body tempering system and the true essence system were two completely different martial Daos. From the very beginning, one would temper the body. After reaching the fifth level of the mortal body, the two would start to diverge. Therefore, warriors of the true essence system would start from the Xiantian Mystic Realm, then the Divine Reflection Realm, the Divine Core Realm, the False Tribulation Realm, and even higher realms …
However, for the body tempering system, after reaching the fifth level of the mortal body, one would start to temper their acupoints! After tempering all 108 acupoints in one's body, one would form the Leakless True Body, then the eighth level of the Dao Pedestal Realm, and the ninth level of the Spiritual Pedestal Realm!
"The body tempering system is also a huge cultivation system, and it is even more complete than the true essence system. If you want to cultivate both body and energy at the same time, you will have to put in a lot more effort and sweat than other warriors. Only then will you be able to achieve something. After tempering your body, I'm sure you understand how difficult this path is!" The crimson dragon explained.
"En, I understand." Luo Zheng still said calmly. Since he had chosen his own path, no matter if he was kneeling down or standing up, he would walk down it without any hesitation.
Seeing Luo Zheng's calm expression, the crimson dragon praised, "Very good, I was worried that your temperament wasn't firm enough. If you can really cultivate both body and energy at the same time, you will definitely become an overlord in the future, and achieve great things. Among all the powerful warriors I've seen, those who walk the path of body and energy at the same time are all much stronger than other warriors. Since … you've made your preparations, let's continue! Hehe! "
"Continue?" Hearing the crimson dragon's words, Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched slightly.
"Just now, you were only tempering your body, which is equivalent to you cultivating the true essence system and transforming your True Qi into true essence. Now, you have to start tempering your acupoints … Tempering acupoints usually requires the power of thunder and fire. You haven't cultivated any thunder or fire arts. Fortunately, you've been baptized by the laws of nature, and have comprehended the first layer of fire and thunder laws. Using pure thunder and fire to temper your acupoints is the best option," the crimson dragon said.
Luo Zheng finally understood. He was now tempering his body again, which was equivalent to him cultivating his True Qi and just stepping into the Innate Mystery Tier.
Thus, Luo Zheng returned to the small courtyard and sat down cross-legged. A wisp of flame appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The flame was very small and didn't look very powerful, but it was extremely pure, like a jumping flame spirit!
At the same time, another bolt of thunder and lightning appeared in front of him. This bolt of thunder and lightning flashed with a blue light, like the light of a flawless sapphire. The tiny lightning bolt was also jumping.
Under the crimson dragon's finger, the wisp of flame and the bolt of thunder and lightning in front of Luo Zheng suddenly intertwined and rushed toward the space between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
That was the first major acupoint of the human body, Baihui!
When the flame and lightning rushed into the Baihui acupoint, Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled, and then beads of sweat the size of soybeans flowed down from his forehead.
The pain of tempering acupoints was no less than tempering his body. However, tempering his body would cause intense pain in every part of the body, while tempering his acupoints would only cause pain in one place.
He felt as if the space between his eyebrows was about to explode, and the pure flame and lightning were constantly spreading between his eyebrows.
For Luo Zheng's willpower, this was quite a big test. Even if the flame and lightning were the power that Luo Zheng comprehended, at this moment, they were tempering between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, so he still had to be very careful. If he was careless, the flame and lightning would penetrate into his mind, and that would be troublesome.