Luo Zheng's dantian slowly revolved, supporting the wisp of flame and the bolt of thunder.
The power of thunder and fire constantly lingered around Luo Zheng's Baihui acupoint. Under the tempering of the power of thunder and fire, Luo Zheng's Baihui acupoint began to emit a faint golden light!
After an hour, the Baihui acupoint had been tempered once. The faint golden light gradually faded away. The Baihui acupoint was considered to have been completely tempered.
It wasn't that there weren't any Body Refiners in the Central Domain. There were even some small sects that focused on Body Refiners.
After crossing the Marrow Refining Realm, they also had to temper their acupoints. The first acupoint they had to temper was also the Baihui acupoint.
However … in order to temper the Baihui acupoint, it often took several years, or even decades!
However, Luo Zheng only used an hour to complete it.
The difference was so great that it was enough to stupefy anyone. If those Body Refiners saw Luo Zheng's tempering speed, they would probably find a hole to hide in.
There were many reasons why Luo Zheng could temper an acupoint so quickly. His body was originally a Spirit Artifact, so it was much sturdier than other Body Refiners. More importantly, his entire body had been tempered by the Primordial Astral Nova.
The Primordial Astral Nova was an ordinary item in Luo Zheng's eyes. After all, it would be produced as long as he was beaten. However, according to what the crimson dragon said, even those old monsters in a Great Realm would find it difficult to obtain the Primordial Astral Nova.
After being tempered by the Primordial Astral Nova, his body had almost been reborn. Therefore, the effect of tempering the acupoints in his body was very outstanding.
More importantly, the power of thunder and fire that Luo Zheng possessed was the purest power of Law.
It was extremely difficult for the Body Refiners in the Central Domain to find suitable thunder and fire for tempering their acupoints. Moreover, it was impossible for them to find thunder and fire as pure as Luo Zheng's. The thunder and fire in the outside world were more explosive and difficult to control. Therefore, they had to be ten times, a hundred times more careful than Luo Zheng when tempering their acupoints! How could they be like Luo Zheng, directly mixing thunder and fire together and stuffing it into their acupoints?
After the first acupoint was opened, Luo Zheng began tempering the second acupoint …
After an hour, the tempering of the Taiyang acupoint was completed …
Yintang acupoint …
Tinggong acupoint …
Yuyao acupoint …
As Luo Zheng refined his acupoints one by one, time slowly passed. The sky gradually darkened, and the red light shone on the horizon. It was as if the entire Apocalypse City was covered in a layer of gold.
Every time the Martial Arts Conference was held, it was the busiest time in Tianqi City. Martial artists from the central region would swarm in endlessly. It was easy for fights to break out when there were too many martial artists. The General Commerce League had also sent more people to maintain order in Tianqi City.
A cloud of ice mist was floating not far away, and Ning Yudie was leaning against the beam of a roof. Her long, light blue skirt flowed down the roof like a curtain, and when the night wind blew, her skirt would sway in the wind.
. "He's actually tempering his acupoints … and he's tempering them so quickly …"
Ning Yudie's face couldn't be clearly seen in the swirling ice fog. But, the shock in her eyes could still be seen through the ice fog.
At this time, in a small courtyard, a young girl wearing a jade-green silk dress walked towards Luo Zheng with a small basket in her hand.
Perhaps it was because of the dozen or so low-grade True Origin Stones that Bi Chun's father had made a huge profit. Therefore, he hurriedly dispatched the best chef in the area to make a sumptuous meal, and only then did he have Bi Chun deliver it.
"It's time to eat," Bi Chun said with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng also stopped tempering his acupoints. He had 108 acupoints, so it wasn't too difficult to temper them all in one go.
After cultivating for such a long time, Luo Zheng also felt a little hungry.
Bi Chun deftly took out the food in the small basket. She opened the small lids one by one and presented them to Luo Zheng.
Not too far away, Ning Yudie's gaze was always focused on Bi Chun.
Bi Chun was only a girl from an ordinary family. Her appearance was average, and she could be considered a pretty girl from a humble family. But, she couldn't be compared to Ning Yudie. But, looking at this scene, Ning Yudie felt a faint sense of envy in her heart.
As a martial artist, they struggled their entire lives to reach the peak. Even if they wanted to stop, they had no choice. But, Ning Yudie was still a woman. Besides taking care of the entire Cloud Hall, she also had to focus on cultivating. She had to do her utmost to increase her cultivation and attack a higher realm.
But, she also wanted to occasionally stop and enjoy this kind of peace and quiet …
Perhaps it was because Ning Yudie's mood was fluctuating, but Luo Zheng sensed something. When Luo Zheng took a bite of the fish, his gaze suddenly turned towards the room where Ning Yudie was.
"Was it an illusion?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. He had clearly sensed that someone was spying on him a moment ago.
"What's wrong? Did you get stuck on a fish bone? This grouper's bone is very powerful … "Bi Chun asked curiously when she saw Luo Zheng's actions.
How could Luo Zheng get stuck on a fish bone? When he heard Bi Chun's words, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
After eating, Luo Zheng continued to temper his acupoints.
Under the tempering of Luo Zheng's Thunder Fire, the 108 acupoints were tempered one after another. The tempering speed also became faster and faster.
Four days later, Luo Zheng finished tempering all his acupoints. Then, Luo Zheng went to Tianqi City to purchase a batch of Profound Weapons. He used the black flames to temper the Heaven's Derivation Essence.
After his body had been tempered by the Primordial Dipper, his physique had changed greatly. His body could also withstand more dragon scales. Therefore, he needed to absorb more Heaven's Derivation Essence to light up more dragon scales …
Another three days passed …
In the wee hours of this day, the sound of a drum suddenly rang out in Tianqi City. This drum sound penetrated every corner of the city.
When they heard this drum sound, all the warriors understood that the Martial Arts Conference organized by the World Business Alliance was about to begin.
Tianqi City was very large. If an ordinary person wanted to walk across the entire city, they would need three days and three nights. Tianqi City alone was equivalent to a small country.
However, the sound of the drum could be heard clearly by everyone in Tianqi City.
"It's the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi Drum! It's finally sounded! "
"It's said that the drumstick used to strike the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi Drum weighs 50,000 pounds. Ordinary people can't strike this drum!"
"The Heaven Earth Yuan Qi Drum absorbs Heaven Earth Yuan Qi all day long. Every time it is struck, the Yuan Qi from the drum will spread throughout Tianqi City. Everyone, quickly take a few breaths. It can prolong your life!"
When Luo Zheng heard the drum sound, he felt a wave of restless Heaven Earth Yuan Qi rushing towards him.
Such rich Heaven Earth Yuan Qi could be rapidly absorbed by warriors and transformed into True Essence. This could be considered a benefit that the World Business Alliance gave to Tianqi City …
Today was the day of the Martial Arts Conference. Luo Zheng left the small courtyard where he was cultivating and rushed towards the World Business Alliance's Headquarters.
The World Business Alliance had already set up the arena for the Martial Arts Conference. At the same time, they had also estimated the number of warriors who would come to watch. They had also set up an observation platform that was 20,000 feet long. This observation platform was divided into 12 levels. If it was completely filled, it could accommodate hundreds of thousands of warriors.
When Luo Zheng arrived at the Headquarters, Luo Zheng was shocked by the huge number of warriors.
It was still early in the morning, but the observation platform was already densely packed with warriors. For a moment, there was a hubbub of voices and it was abnormally noisy.
There were too many warriors in the Central Domain. The Cloud Hall and the disciples of several second-grade sects under it added up to millions. The Void Spirit Sect had more than ten million disciples. Not to mention, there were also countless third-grade sects, second-grade sects, various forces, and families in the Central Domain …
The hundreds of thousands of warriors who came to watch the Martial Arts Conference were only one in ten thousand.
"Tickets to watch the Martial Arts Conference! One top-grade True Essence Stone for one ticket! "someone in the crowd shouted.
One top-grade True Essence Stone for one ticket. Luo Zheng was speechless. This was too expensive …
Hundreds of thousands of warriors flew to watch such expensive tickets. Luo Zheng didn't know whether it was because the World Business Alliance had a way of accumulating wealth or because these warriors were too rich.
Luo Zheng didn't stay for long and walked towards the arena.
"Stop. If you want to watch the Martial Arts Conference, please go over there!" A manager of the World Business Alliance stopped Luo Zheng.
This manager saw that Luo Zheng was only at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm. Of course, he didn't think that Luo Zheng was qualified to participate in the Martial Arts Conference.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "No need. I'm here to participate in the Martial Arts Conference!"
"Participate in the Martial Arts Conference?" The manager suddenly smiled. "Friend, do you know where this place is? If you want to cause trouble, you should know where you are! "
＝＝＝＝＝