"I'm really here to participate in the Martial Arts Contest. If you don't believe me, I have a nameplate here …" Luo Zheng said and was about to take out his nameplate.
However, the deacon didn't look at it at all. He just sneered and said, "I've seen a lot of guys like you. You're the only one who dares to fool me when you're only in the Divine Reflection Realm. I'll give you three breaths of time. Get out of my way!"
Hearing the deacon's words, Luo Zheng frowned.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't leave, the deacon smiled and shouted at the fighting field, "Big Monkey! There's an idiot looking for trouble. You have to deal with him! Throw him out! "
As soon as the deacon's voice fell, a fierce strong man rushed out of the fighting field. He was eight feet tall and looked like an iron tower. When he stamped his feet, the ground shook.
"Who dares to make trouble in the World Business Alliance? Are you looking for death?" The strong man called Big Monkey rushed out. His eyes fell on Luo Zheng. With a grim smile, he grabbed Luo Zheng. Obviously, he wanted to catch Luo Zheng.
How flexible was Luo Zheng's body after being refined by the Primordial Dipper?
In the face of the strong man's big hands, Luo Zheng didn't use any Zhenqi. He just twisted his body slightly and avoided the big hands.
"Eh?"
The strong man had a strange expression on his face. He felt that Luo Zheng was like a slippery loach. He almost caught him, but Luo Zheng's body was always a hair's breadth away from his body. From the beginning to the end, the strong man didn't touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
Just as the strong man was puzzled, Luo Zheng had twisted his body to the strong man's side. At the same time, a glittering throwing knife appeared in his hand and he pressed it between the strong man's ribs. "I said I'm here to participate in the Martial Arts Contest. Those old monsters in the World Business Alliance are quite good at dealing with people. Why are these people thousands of miles away?"
Those old guys in the World Business Alliance were all as shrewd as foxes. Not to mention Mo Yuezhang and the others, even when Luo Zheng had just returned from the Rising Dragon Platform, the three fat men of the World Business Alliance wanted to force him to tell them the secret of the Rising Dragon Platform. But in the end, they held back and didn't offend him completely.
However, these people seemed to be a little unscrupulous because they were from the World Business Alliance.
In fact, Luo Zheng's analysis was very reasonable. The World Business Alliance was a sect. Although the World Business Alliance was very low-key, it was after all a large sect comparable to the Void Spirit Sect. The hidden forces under it were even greater than the Void Spirit Sect.
Seeing this scene, the deacon's face suddenly changed. He realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng. Moreover, from Luo Zheng's tone, he really didn't come to make trouble. Could it be that this guy in the Divine Reflection Realm really qualified for the inner competition?
"You, you … Friend, please show your nameplate!" The deacon forced a smile and said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng glanced at the deacon coldly. He waved his nameplate in front of the deacon's face and then strode away.
The deacon didn't see clearly what was written on the nameplate, but he didn't dare to ask again …
However, the World Business Alliance had been planning this Martial Arts Competition for several months. Naturally, they had arranged the entire venue of the Martial Arts Competition airtight. After Luo Zheng walked into the arena, an elder walked towards Luo Zheng and said to Luo Zheng, "Are you a disciple who passed the outer competition? Hand over your nameplate. "
Luo Zheng handed the nameplate in his hand to the elder. The elder took the nameplate and then compared it with the name list in his hand. He nodded and said to Luo Zheng, "Follow me."
Thus, Luo Zheng was taken to one side of the arena. At this moment, most of the warriors who had passed the outer competition were gathered here.
The outer competition had been held for more than ten days. Every day, there would be three spots for the inner competition. The warriors who were able to stand here had stood out from hundreds of other warriors. The strength of each warrior couldn't be underestimated.
When Luo Zheng walked over, a few dozen warriors immediately focused their gazes on Luo Zheng. All of them had surprised expressions on their faces.
Most of the warriors who had passed the inner competition were Divine Core warriors, and there were only two Divine Reflection warriors.
One of them was Ao Xiang, who had participated in the outer competition on the same day as Luo Zheng. As for the other one, Luo Zheng didn't know who he was.
It was strange that there were two Divine Reflection warriors among these people. After all, there was a huge gap between a Divine Reflection warrior and a Divine Core warrior, and it was extremely difficult for them to pass the outer competition.
Just a moment ago, they were exclaiming that these two Divine Reflection disciples were too abnormal …
But now, a fourth level Divine Reflection warrior had appeared. At this moment, everyone doubted if they had seen wrongly, and started discussing among themselves.
"Why is there a fourth level Divine Reflection warrior here? If he went up to the arena, he would have been killed in an instant. "
"I really don't know how he passed the outer competition. It was impossible for him to pass the outer competition, but he was able to qualify for the inner competition. This is strange!"
"So what if he passed the inner competition? With his strength, he would be courting death if he went up to the arena. "
While everyone was discussing, the Wutong Sect disciple suddenly let out a laugh, then he said with a loud voice, "I know how this guy passed the inner competition!"
Everyone turned to look at the Wutong Sect disciple. Someone asked, "How did he pass the inner competition?"
"This guy participated in the inner competition on the same day as me, and during the second stage of the illusion formation test, he actually owned a 12th level pagoda! A 12th level pagoda is equal to 12 Void Tribulation warriors! With such a powerful pagoda, he could have passed the inner competition even if he was sleeping! " The Wutong Sect disciple had spent over a hundred top rank True Origin Stones for a single entry. Naturally, he was unhappy about this, and he wanted to expose Luo Zheng's past.
"How could something like this happen?"
"Isn't this the World Business Alliance covering for him to pass the inner competition?"
"This is so unfair! I can't believe that the World Business Alliance would do something like this!"
When the Wutong Sect disciple heard everyone's doubts, he immediately said, "You don't believe me? If you don't believe me, you can ask him! "As he spoke, he pointed at Ao Xiang.
Ao Xiang carried his scimitar on his back and did not speak. However, when everyone looked at him, he nodded and said, "There was indeed a 12th level pagoda that day, but I don't know if the World Business Alliance is covering for him. However, I also believe that he should have the strength to pass the inner competition."
Looking at Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng nodded slightly in his heart. He had to pay special attention to this person.
Although Ao Xiang's cultivation was only at the Extreme Divine Realm and he seemed to be the weakest among this group of independent warriors, Luo Zheng was very clear about this person's temperament. He did not hold a grudge against Luo Zheng for selling the inner competition spots a few days ago. This kind of person had a strong mentality, but the prerequisite for a strong mentality was that he had enough confidence in his own strength!
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng had to pay special attention to Ao Xiang.
As the saying goes, one who is fierce on the outside is weak on the inside. This warrior from the Wutong Sect loved to hold a grudge, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, he was not worth mentioning. He was afraid that he would come up and threaten him soon …
Just as he was thinking about this, the Wutong Sect disciple took two steps forward and grinned. "Boy, I was tricked by you in the illusion array. Enjoy the last moments of your life! I will definitely smash you into meat paste in the arena! "
Luo Zheng looked at the warrior in front of him indifferently. There was a faint smile in his eyes, but he did not say a word.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to respond to this kind of low-level provocation.
"You …" Looking at Luo Zheng's arrogant expression, the Wutong Sect disciple was furious. He clenched his fists so tightly that cracking sounds could be heard. He really wished he could tear Luo Zheng to pieces right now. Not only was he bullied by Luo Zheng in the illusion array, he was also a Mid Divine Core warrior, the most talented disciple of the Wutong Sect in the last hundred years. But now, he was being looked down upon by a Divine Realm junior?
Too bad, his furious expression was completely ignored by Luo Zheng, as if he was just air …
When Ao Xiang saw this, Ao Xiang revealed a faint smile and said, "I think this Martial Dao Competition is going to be interesting."
Right after this brief interlude, a Sect Elder from the World Business Alliance suddenly shouted, "We've arrived at the Dark Yin Mansion!"
A huge coffin could be seen on the horizon, and it was silently flying towards them like a ghost …