In this Martial Arts Competition held by the World Business Alliance, only Sects above the fourth-grade could directly enter the Inner Competition.
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was an old Sect in the Central Domain. However, because the Cultivation Method of the Mysterious Yin Mansion was quite insidious and its actions were both righteous and evil, it didn't have a high reputation in the Central Domain.
However, no one dared to ignore such a mysterious fourth-grade Sect, especially the Mysterious Yin Old Man, an old monster who had lived for more than 900 years. He was a legendary figure in the Central Domain.
On the other side of the arena, there were many high platforms. The huge coffin finally landed on one of the high platforms.
"Bang!"
After the coffin came to a steady stop, the lid of the coffin was lifted and a black-clothed old man crawled out. The black-clothed old man's face was deeply wrinkled and looked so old that it was as if he could be buried in the earth. However, he had a head of pitch-black hair and looked very strange.
This was the owner of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, the Mysterious Yin Old Man.
In the arena, hundreds of thousands of warriors were discussing spiritedly.
Warriors who could take out a top-grade True Meta Stone to watch the Martial Arts Competition were basically famous. They were also very familiar with the experts in the Central Domain.
"The Mysterious Yin Old Man should have lived for more than 1,000 years, right? He's not dead yet! "
"He's not 1,000 years old. According to the historical records, the Mysterious Yin Old Man should be 976 years old now. There are still more than 30 years before he reaches 1,000 years old! I don't know if he can survive these 30 years … "
"Shh, keep your voices down. If the people of the Mysterious Yin Mansion hear you, you'll be dead!"
In addition to the Mysterious Yin Old Man, there were dozens of elders and disciples of the Mysterious Yin Mansion crawling out. The Mysterious Yin Mansion had a total of four quotas this time, but no one knew who they would send to participate in the Martial Arts Conference.
An elder of the World Business Alliance suddenly shouted, "Blood Wood Cliff is here!"
In the sky, a carriage flew over. Eventually, Blood Wood Cliff pulled the carriage and stopped on another high platform. A snow-white foot stretched out of the carriage, and Madam Poisonous Blood, dressed in red satin, lifted the curtain of the carriage and walked out.
Her dress today was very coquettish. Just one look at her would make people's blood boil.
"It's Madam Poison Blood. She's so sexy!"
"You're already an old woman. So what if you're sexy? Who knows how many people he has slept with … "
"How can we, martial artists, measure people based on their age? Even if she's over two hundred years old, she still looks like she's in her twenties, and her body is softer than a teenage girl's. Tsk tsk … "
The appearance of Madam Poison Blood caused some of the lechers among the cultivators to go crazy. Relying on their numbers, all kinds of obscenities were hurled at her.
Madam Poison Blood was known for her debauchery, so she didn't mind at all. Soon after, her disciples also got off the carriage and stood to the side.
"We have arrived at the Cloud Hall …"
The elder of the World Business Alliance shouted again.
A Flood Dragon let out a huge roar in the sky, rolled along the high clouds, and then swooped down.
"Jiao Long! Everyone, run! "
"Don't panic, so what if it's a Flood Dragon? Where is this place? This was the Martial Arts Conference! There are as many False Tribulation Realm experts as there are dogs. Even if the sky falls, they will hold it up! "
"Why is there a flood dragon here? Isn't this flood dragon afraid of death? "
Most of the cultivators didn't know that the Cloud Hall had obtained a flood dragon puppet, so the hundreds of thousands of cultivators panicked when they saw the flood dragon puppet.
However, when the flood dragon coiled on the high platform, Ning Yudie walked out from it.
She was wearing a plain white dress today, with two decorative phoenix feathers fluttering on her back. She looked like a fairy in the mortal world, exuding a cold and elegant temperament.
With such a beautiful appearance and the identity of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie was the perfect lover in the eyes of many cultivators.
However, her temperament was elegant, so the cultivators below didn't have the heart to blaspheme Ning Yudie with explicit words. This was what it meant to judge a person by their looks. The hearts of the low-level cultivators were as clear as a mirror.
"I've long heard that the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is so beautiful that she doesn't look like a mortal. Today, I see that it's true!"
"What do you mean she doesn't look like a mortal? She isn't a mortal! The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is a fairy who has descended to the mortal world! "
"When I can talk to a beauty like her, I'll be satisfied for the rest of my life …"
Ning Yudie threw an indifferent glance at the arena, then she casually glanced at the group of disciples who had passed the outer selection. Although she saw Luo Zheng, and also noticed that Luo Zheng was looking at her, she didn't even look at Luo Zheng, and pretended that she didn't see him at all.
But, this little action didn't look real at all. With Luo Zheng's sharp senses, how could he not notice it? He let out a faint smile and shook his head. He really didn't know what Ning Yudie was thinking about.
After Ning Yudie appeared, the few Sect Elders of the Cloud Hall walked out from the flood dragon as well. The last group to walk out were five disciples from the Cloud Hall. Among these five disciples, two of them were Early Divine Core warriors, and the other three were Mid Divine Core warriors.
These five men were the five strongest disciples in the Cloud Hall right now!
Not long after that, an Elder from the World Business Alliance shouted, "The Black Mountain Sect has arrived …"
A large flock of black crows flew towards the arena. When they landed on the stage, they immediately dispersed. After that, a black crow wearing a mask appeared amongst the crowd. Together with the black crows were all the Sect Elders and disciples of the Black Mountain Sect.
"The Void Spirit Sect has arrived …"
A big ship slowly landed, and the Seven Void Spirit Sect flew out from it.
Besides the Seven Void Spirit Sect, another Daoist wearing a green robe flew out from the big ship.
The Daoist carried a flying sword on his back, and he had an elegant figure and a handsome face. He was the Sect Chief of the Void Spirit Sect, Daoist Qing Xu!
The Void Spirit Sect was the only Fifth Grade Sect in the Central Domain. Therefore, its appearance attracted a lot of attention.
The Void Spirit Sect was the holy land of martial arts that all the warriors in the Central Domain yearned for!
"In the previous Martial Arts Competitions, Daoist Qing Xu usually didn't show up, and the Seven Void Spirit Sect usually did it on his behalf. I didn't expect Daoist Qing Xu to show up in person this year!"
"This Martial Arts Competition is different. Many Sects attach great importance to the Rising Dragon Platform, so it's not surprising that Daoist Qing Xu will show up!"
"You can imagine how tragic this Martial Arts Competition will be. I wonder how many geniuses will fall …"
Just as everyone was discussing, the Elder from the World Business Alliance shouted again, "Nanhua Venerable has arrived …"
Nanhua Venerable was an independent warrior, so the disciples he taught were naturally the elites of the elites!
"The Tianxing Clan of the Central Domain has arrived …"
In addition to some Fourth Grade Sects, there were several Fourth Grade Clans in the Central Domain. For example, the Tianxing Clan was a large Clan Alliance. Among them, six Third Grade Clans were united, and after forming an alliance, they were comparable to a Fourth Grade Sect.
"The Confucian Sage Liu Wenchang has arrived …"
"The East Evil King Cui Xie has arrived!"
Hearing this name, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows. His eyes shone brightly as he stared at the horizon.
"Cui Xie …"
"I've been waiting for you for a long time."
Luo Zheng participated in the Martial Arts Competition and won first place. Obtaining the Rising Dragon Platform was one of his goals, but his biggest goal was to kill Si Miaoling!
Cui Xie was another woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body!
At this stage, it was obviously unrealistic for Luo Zheng to defeat Cui Xie and take back Luo Yan.
However, if he killed Si Miaoling, it would be much more difficult for Cui Xie to find another person with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. At least, there would be enough time for Luo Zheng to become stronger.
Not far away, a burly figure flew over. Behind that person were a few people.
Luo Zheng recognized the burly middle-aged man at a glance. He had seen that huge face in the Blue Cloud Sect. It was exactly the same as the man in the distance!
He was Cui Xie, the strongest man in the Central Domain, and Luo Zheng's biggest enemy!
Luo Zheng stared at Cui Xie, as if he was trying to carve this man's image into his mind!
When he looked behind Cui Xie, his eyes lit up.
"Is that Si Miaoling?"
Luo Zheng noticed a fat woman following behind Cui Xie. She was as fat as a pig, and had a bloated body. However, Luo Zheng couldn't determine her cultivation base and cultivation base!
What was going on?
Wasn't Si Miaoling a Mid Divine Core warrior? Why couldn't he determine her cultivation base?
With Luo Zheng's strong senses, only those with a much higher cultivation base wouldn't be able to determine her cultivation base.
However, Luo Zheng soon noticed another woman following behind the fat woman. The woman was young and beautiful, and she was wearing a black outfit. She was a Mid Divine Core warrior!
She must be Si Miaoling!
Although Luo Zheng couldn't confirm it, he felt his guess was pretty close to the truth.
Besides the three of them, there were three other men following behind Cui Xie's group. One of them was a young man wearing a brocade robe. He had a handsome face, and a feminine aura could be sensed from his face. He looked somewhat similar to Cui Xie, and he was most likely Cui Xie's son. However, Luo Zheng wasn't sure if his son would be participating in the Martial Dao Competition.
When Luo Zheng turned around again, he saw two young girls.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly widened, and his pupils trembled at this moment.
One of the girls was Luo Yan!
Right at this moment, Luo Yan's eyes were closed, and he was flying behind the group like a log …