Next to Luo Yan, there was a girl who looked exactly like her. Her eyes were also shut tight, and she looked like a puppet.
What did Cui Xie do to Luo Yan? Why did she become like this?
Looking at this scene, Luo Zheng tried his best to control his emotions.
No matter what, this guy was the strongest man in the Central Domain, and he wasn't someone he could fight with with his current strength. If he rushed forward recklessly, even Ning Yudie wouldn't be able to protect him.
"Eh? Six Senses Sealing Art? " Qinglong's voice sounded out in Luo Zheng's mind once again. Although Qinglong was the weakest amongst the nine True Dragons, he was the most knowledgeable one.
"What is this Six Senses Sealing Art?" Luo Zheng asked while gritting his teeth.
Qinglong gazed at Luo Yan and the girl next to her with an indifferent expression. "The Six Senses Sealing Art is a cultivation skill that seals off all six senses of a cultivator. She can't see, hear, smell, touch, taste, or sense anything … all six senses that allow her to communicate with the outside world are sealed off. This is a cultivation skill, hehe … I never thought this cultivation skill would fall into the hands of this man."
Qinglong obviously knew about the inheritance of the Six Senses Sealing Art, and he knew some secrets that Luo Zheng didn't know about. But, Luo Zheng didn't have the time to think about this right now. He quickly asked, "Is this Six Senses Sealing Art harmful to a cultivator?"
"It's harmless, but it can quickly increase a cultivator's cultivation. Didn't I hear he was going to set up the Heavenly Fiend Joyous Union Formation?" Qinglong asked.
"I understand now, Cui Xie is using the Six Senses Sealing Art to quickly increase Luo Yan's cultivation, allowing her to break through to the Divine Core realm! Wait a minute … "Luo Zheng's brows twitched again." Si Miaoling has the Extreme Violet Yin Body, and so does Luo Yan. Then, the last girl … "
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the woman beside Luo Yan. This woman was also subjected to the Six Senses Sealing Technique.
"That's right, she has the Extreme Violet Yin Body as well. Cui Xie has gathered three people, and once your sister and that girl break through to the Divine Core realm, his Heavenly Devils Joyous Union Formation will be completed." Qinglong said in an indifferent manner.
"How strange. How can there be three people with the Extreme Violet Yin Physique in this tiny Central Domain? Hehe, this Extreme Violet Yin Body is a talent that can be molded. It's very suitable to become a Body Refiner … hehe. "The crimson dragon suddenly laughed.
Luo Zheng didn't listen to what Chi Long said. At this moment, his mind was in a mess.
According to Shi Jingtian, there were very few people with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Out of hundreds of millions of people, there was only one with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique. The probability of finding three people with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique in such a short period of time was simply too low.
Luo Zheng originally thought Cui Xie had only found two people with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique. One was Si Miaoling, and the other was Luo Yan. It would take some time for him to find the third person. But, he never expected that Cui Xie had actually found three people with the Extreme Purple Yin Physique!
Now, all he needed was for Luo Yan and the other girl to break through to the Divine Core realm, then he would be able to complete the Heavenly Devils Joyous Union Formation.
The situation was even more critical for Luo Zheng.
"Si Miaoling …" Luo Zheng stared at the Mid Divine Core girl standing behind Cui Xie. The veins on his fists were twitching violently.
Although Luo Zheng had listed Si Miaoling as a must-kill target, he knew very well that it would be extremely difficult for him to kill her in the arena.
The Martial Dao Competition organized by the World Business Alliance had gathered all the outstanding geniuses from all over the Central Domain. In the future, all these geniuses would have the qualification to break through to the Void Tribulation realm, and become the overlords of the Central Domain.
Their overall strength was far beyond what ordinary warriors could compare with …
Just like Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, if they were allowed to grow, their future combat strength would not be underestimated. However, no matter if it was the Void Spirit Sect or the Blood Wood Cliff, there would always be a few disciples with monstrous talent like Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao. Furthermore, these disciples had all broken through to the Divine Core realm.
Luo Zheng had prepared himself for this Martial Dao Competition. He knew that this competition was an extremely important test for him.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that the situation would be so serious, so serious that he couldn't even breathe properly.
Those warriors who had bought tickets to watch the Martial Dao Competition were still discussing amongst themselves. As the strongest man in the Central Domain, Cui Xie was also the topic of many warriors' discussion. His popularity was even greater than when Madame Poison Blood and Ning Yudie had appeared on the stage!
However, Luo Zheng wasn't in the mood to listen to what they were talking about …
Right at this moment, three bright lights suddenly appeared in midair!
The three bright lights shot up into the sky and broke through the clouds, instantly attracting everyone's attention.
After that, three chairs slowly rose up from the three bright lights. The three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance appeared on the three chairs.
The three fat men had different expressions, but they were completely different from the day when Luo Zheng arrived on the Rising Dragon Arena!
As the pillars of the World Business Alliance, the three fat men's strength had reached an unfathomable level. Even though Cui Xie was the strongest man in the Central Domain, he wouldn't be able to win against the three fat men if they joined forces! Moreover, in addition to the three pillars of the World Business Alliance, it was said that there was an old man who had lived for nearly 1,700 or 1,800 years.
That old man hadn't made an appearance in front of others for a long time, and his origins were extremely mysterious. Until now, the numerous sects only knew that such an old man existed in the central region, but they didn't know the old man's name.
A person who lived for a thousand years was considered a demon! Generally speaking, people who lived for more than a thousand years were called eternal giants!
The Mysterious Yin Old Man of the Mysterious Yin Mansion was still a few decades away from this title, but the old man in the World Business Alliance who had lived for more than 1,700 years was a veritable eternal giant!
This was the foundation of the World Business Alliance! Even the Void Spirit Sect, a fifth-grade sect, couldn't compare to this foundation.
"Today, the Martial Arts Conference is held in Tianqi City. We, the World Business Alliance, are very honored to have all the sects and warriors come to support us! Therefore, we have specially prepared a grand gift for all of you! Every warrior present will have a share! "The charmingly naive fat man, Shi Kefan, said slowly.
As soon as he finished speaking, hundreds of warriors were driven out from one side of the arena!
Almost all of these warriors were warriors from the Xiantian Secret Realm to the Illuminating God Realm. However, their auras were extremely weak, and they were handcuffed and shackled. A group of warriors from the World Business Alliance chased them to a platform on the side!
"These warriors are prisoners on death row captured by the World Business Alliance! They've committed all kinds of evil and should be punished with death by a thousand cuts. Today, I'll use their lifespan as a small gift from the General Commerce Alliance to all martial artists! "Shi Kefan's fat body leaped up after he finished speaking.
At the same time, a huge drum appeared above the warriors' heads.
"It's the World Business Alliance's Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth!"
"I live in Tianqi City and can occasionally hear the sound of drums, but this is the first time I've seen the real thing!"
"Their lifespans? What does that mean? "
In the midst of this heated discussion, Shi Kefan had already stood on top of the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi drum, lifting up the 20 foot long drumstick!
The 50,000 jin drumstick was like a small wooden stick in Shi Kefan's hands. He waved the drumstick, drawing an arc in the air and heavily striking the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi drum.
"Dong!"
An extremely dull sound burst out from the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth!
The moment Shi Kefan hit the drum, an invisible wave enveloped the warriors under the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth. At the same time, a whirlpool appeared under the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth.
The warriors with handcuffs and shackles shriveled at a visible speed in an instant. The Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth had been swallowed by the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth!
Soon, a golden light shone from the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth, covering the surroundings!
The people closest to the Vital Qi Drum of Heaven and Earth were from the Cloud Hall, Void Spirit Sect, Cui Xie, and other large sects. The people from these large sects had absorbed more than half of the golden light.
Next were Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and other warriors who had passed the outer examination.
"This golden light can increase lifespan?" When the golden light spread towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng also absorbed a lot of it. He suddenly felt refreshed, as if his entire body was filled with vitality.
Although there was a lot of golden light, it was very thin by the time it spread to the spectator stands of the Martial Arts Conference.
However, no one was willing to miss this opportunity. The hundreds of thousands of warriors who were spectators also greedily absorbed the golden light. However, when the golden light spread to their side, it was already very thin. There were too many monks and too little gruel, so it was instantly sucked dry. On average, the amount of golden light absorbed by each person was not even one ten-thousandth of Luo Zheng's.
When the golden light was completely absorbed, everyone looked down at the bottom of the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi drum. The condemned prisoners were still standing in their original positions, but their bodies were all shriveled up and their skin was pale. They had already turned into dried corpses …
＝＝＝＝＝