The world of martial artists was just that cruel.
A Xiantian Realm martial artist was considered a figure in some corner of the Eastern Region, and a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was an overlord.
However, these hundreds of martial artists were nothing more than a gluttonous feast for the many experts in Tianqi City.
After beating the drum, Shi Kefan casually threw the drumstick aside and returned to his seat, stuffing his bloated body into the spacious chair.
At this moment, the entire venue was silent. Most people were still immersed in the special pleasure brought by the golden light!
Shi Kefan waited for a moment before he channeled his True Essence into his voice and said to everyone present, "Before the martial arts conference begins, I want to tell everyone something. I hope everyone can spread this news!"
When everyone heard this sentence that came out of nowhere, they were all stunned.
Shi Kefan then said, "Someone in the World Business Alliance has already calculated that the ninth Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb has been born."
When everyone heard this, they were silent for a moment. Then, there was an uproar and they began to discuss again.
"The Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb? The Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb that was lit during the Lantern Festival? The last one has also been born? "
"Oh my god, I thought that the last Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb hadn't been lit for thousands of years. I didn't expect it to be born now!"
"How did they calculate it?"
"Haven't you heard that a person who lives for thousands of years becomes a demon? There's an ancient giant in the World Business Alliance! It's most likely that he calculated it! "
There was a Lantern Festival in the Central Domain every year. Ordinary people would decorate the streets with lanterns and decorations and release sky lanterns. They would also buy many small lanterns for children and walk the streets. It was very lively.
For ordinary people, it was just a festive festival.
But for martial artists, it was definitely not a simple festival. The so-called Lantern Festival was the lighting of the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb.
Who knew how many Lantern Festivals had been held every year. Who would have thought that the last Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb would be born today?
"The friend who got the last lamp, if you're ready, you can light up the lamp in the tomb during this year's Lantern Lighting Festival. We'll enter the tomb together and take what we need!" Shi Kefan's words were directed at the person who obtained the last Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb. Because he didn't know who this person was, Shi Kefan could only hope that the martial artists of the world would spread the news to each other. He believed that it would eventually reach the ears of the person who obtained the ninth Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb.
However, whether that person knew how to light up the lantern or not, no one knew. After all, this martial artist's strength was very low, and he simply did not have the opportunity to enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb.
At this time, Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's eyes unexpectedly met.
The Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb had been obtained from the Demon Blood Emperor's last black box. Ning Yudie had brought the Demon Blood Emperor's inheritance back to the Cloud Hall, but she had not revealed the matter of the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb to anyone else. This was a secret that only the two of them knew.
Luo Zheng's gaze was extremely complicated. The Firmament Immortal Tomb was an Immortal's tomb after all. The things inside were definitely important. Moreover, this Firmament Immortal Tomb was very likely related to the mysterious Immortal Abode in the Eastern Region. Luo Zheng had to explore it.
But right now, the most important thing for Luo Zheng was the Martial Arts Conference in front of him!
The two of them looked at each other. Ning Yudie blinked and looked away unnaturally. She didn't know why, but she felt that it was difficult to face Luo Zheng.
"That's right! This old man also has a Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb! I also hope that all the Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Tomb will be lit at the same time during this year's Lantern Festival! If the martial artists of our Central Domain can divide the inheritance of Immortal Tian Miao, our overall strength will definitely rise to another level! Haha! "Cui Xie's heroic voice rang out.
Up until now, no one knew who had the nine Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Tomb.
No martial artist dared to announce this matter to the public. They all kept it as a secret, afraid that others would find out.
Cui Xie, on the other hand, openly admitted it!
All the martial artists in the world knew that one of the Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Tomb was in this old man's hands. When I enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb in the future, I will definitely have a share.
This was the confidence that came with strength! As the number one martial artist of the Central Domain, who would dare to have any ideas about him?
After Shi Kefan made the announcement, the three chairs sank down, and the three leaders of the World Business Alliance landed on the stage.
At this time, the mustached Elder Xiao slowly walked to the top of the stage. He was the referee for today's Martial Arts Conference.
"I hereby announce that the Martial Arts Conference in Heavenly Awakening City has officially begun!"
Following Elder Xiao's order, four men carried a green jade platform. The jade platform was exquisitely carved, and there were dragons and phoenixes engraved on top of it.
The four men carried the jade platform and flew towards the other stages. After that, they asked the Sect Leaders to throw their nameplates into the jade platform. In fact, the jade platform was a lottery box!
The disciples of the Void Spirit Sect, Blood Wood Cliff, Cloud Hall, Dark Yin Mansion, and other fourth grade sects all threw their nameplates into the jade platform.
When the jade platform arrived at Cui Xie's high platform, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly as he stared intently at that direction.
When he saw the Mid Divine Core girl throw her nameplate into the jade platform, he immediately felt relieved. His guess was right, she was Si Miaoling! What Luo Zheng feared the most was that Si Miaoling suddenly decided not to participate in the Martial Arts Conference. If that happened, there would be no chance for him!
Besides Si Miaoling, the young man who looked similar to Cui Xie had also thrown his nameplate into the jade platform.
After all the disciples from the fourth grade sects and the Void Spirit Sect had thrown their nameplates into the jade platform, it was the turn of the outer disciples.
Luo Zheng and the other disciples had handed their nameplates to the Sect Elder of the World Business Alliance. Therefore, the Sect Elder threw all their nameplates into the jade platform.
Amongst the over 30 disciples who had passed the outer disciple competition, Luo Zheng's identity was the most unique. He had passed the inner disciple competition as an independent warrior, and at the same time, he was a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall …
After collecting all the nameplates, the jade platform hovered in the air above the stage.
The first match was the opening match of the Martial Arts Conference. Naturally, it would attract a lot of attention. Everyone stretched their necks and stared at the jade platform.
Elder Xiao flew to the side of the jade platform and lightly tapped on it.
"Bang!"
The jade platform shook. Then, two nameplates flew out from the jade platform.
Elder Xiao picked up the two nameplates and glanced at them. Then, he announced, "The opening match is between the independent warrior Zhao Dun and the disciple of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, Yu Fei!"
"Zhao Dun? The Divine Walker Zhao Dun who once ventured into the Chaotic Astral Ocean alone? "
"That's him. Even False Tribulation Realm experts don't dare to venture into the Chaotic Astral Ocean. However, not only did Zhao Dun escape unscathed, but he also gained a lot from that trip! Zhao Dun also benefited from it! "
"Yu Fei from the Mysterious Yin Mansion? Who's that? I've never heard of him! I don't think he's a match for Zhao Dun! "
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was both good and evil. It was secretive and strange. Although everyone knew that it was a fourth grade sect that couldn't be ignored, most of its disciples were not famous. Therefore, none of the hundreds of thousands of people present had ever heard of Yu Fei.
Hearing these discussions, the Mysterious Yin Old Man sat on an armchair. He looked very old, but there was a faint light in his eyes. "Yu Fei, go. Since you're lucky enough to participate in the opening match, you must see blood. Let's make a bet. Kill him!"
Not far from the Mysterious Yin Old Man, an ordinary-looking young man nodded. He jumped down from the high platform and entered the arena.
The Martial Arts Conference was not a sect competition. It was a life or death battle. Every warrior had to display their full strength. In this kind of place, no one would be merciful, because being merciful to others was being cruel to oneself.
"Buzz …"
A green light curtain rose from outside the huge arena. This layer of barrier not only enveloped the entire arena, but also divided the arena into two halves. Before the battle began, the light curtain in the middle separated the two cultivators.
After Yu Fei entered the arena, the independent warrior named Zhao Dun also entered the arena.
There was no salute, no words. The two were like caged beasts. The moment the barrier in the middle was removed, the fight would begin.
"Buzz …"