Independent warriors cultivated all kinds of skills, and although their grades weren't high, they were always full of strange skills.
Just like Zhao Dun, he didn't rely on any sect, but he was still able to travel freely in the Central Domain and make a name for himself. He had even ventured into the Chaotic Astral Ocean and escaped unscathed. Although the depth he went into the Chaotic Astral Ocean wasn't the same as those Void Tribulation warriors, it was still very rare for a Divine Core warrior to do so.
While Zhao Dun was sprinting forward, a yellow colored True Yuan condensed in front of him and formed into a thick shield, wrapping around him.
The reason why Zhao Dun was called 'Divine Walker' was because he cultivated a strange movement technique called 'Traceless Snowsteps'. It allowed him to come and go without leaving a trace behind, and it allowed him to run at an incredible speed. Using this movement technique, Zhao Dun would launch a series of attacks that would tire his opponent out, and he would win the battle in the end.
This was Zhao Dun's usual technique, and it had worked wonders in many battles.
Although this Yu Fei wasn't famous, he was still a disciple of the Dark Yin Dojo. Although Zhao Dun was confident in his abilities, he didn't want to be careless. He attacked with all his strength. To reach the Divine Core realm as an independent warrior, not only did he need talent, he also needed a heart that was good at seeing through the truth.
With his pale face, Yu Fei stared at Zhao Dun who was approaching him with an indifferent expression.
"The Dojo Master said that we need to see some blood in the first round. I'm sorry, but I'll have to borrow your blood …" A cruel smile suddenly appeared on Yu Fei's ordinary face. He crossed his fingers and gently pulled. Several strands of black silk were pulled out at the same time. Then, the black silk slithered towards Zhao Dun like small snakes.
Zhao Dun was cultivating an Earth element skill, and he was good at defense. The yellow colored True Yuan shield had an incredible defensive strength, and it was impossible for ordinary attacks to break through. However, the black threads in Yu Fei's hand penetrated through the shield without any resistance, and wrapped around Zhao Dun's body.
His arms, abdomen, head, and legs were all wrapped up by the black threads.
A smile emerged on Yu Fei's face. At the same time, his voice became louder, "Bloom into a beautiful flower!" After saying that, Yu Fei crossed his fingers and pulled.
"Puchi!"
The black threads suddenly tightened, and a copious amount of scarlet blood spurted out from Zhao Dun's sturdy body.
Specks of blood splattered in several directions along his body, forming messy bloodstains on the ground. From afar, it looked like a blooming blood-colored rose …
When the blood ran out, Zhao Dun's body was scattered all over the ground. He couldn't be more dead.
Seeing such a bloody scene, the hundreds of thousands of warriors at the Martial Arts Conference fell silent.
The warriors who had rushed to participate in the Martial Arts Conference were basically prepared to face death. However, no one had expected this scene to come so quickly and with such a strong impact. Even many warriors who had been licking blood off their blades felt extremely uncomfortable when they saw this scene.
In the arena, life and death were up to fate. The rules of the Martial Arts Conference were not unfamiliar to the warriors of the Central Domain.
However, if there wasn't any great enmity between them, they wouldn't kill the other party like this.
Many warriors looked at the ordinary-looking Yu Fei with vigilance in their eyes. This disciple of the Mysterious Yin Mansion was too ruthless.
"Yu Fei of the Mysterious Yin Mansion wins!" Old Xiao announced. Then he waved his hand, and people from the World Business Alliance came to clean up the arena.
The first round of the opening battle ended in a single move. Everyone's impression of Zhao Dun wasn't his powerful cultivation method or his monstrous talent. The only thing they remembered was the bloody scene!
Yu Fei returned to the high platform. The Mysterious Yin Old Man nodded slightly, "Yu Fei, you did well. I'll give you ten years of freedom."
Hearing the Mysterious Yin Old Man's words, Yu Fei's ordinary-looking face revealed a pleasantly surprised expression, "Thank you, Master!"
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was a very unique Sect. For the disciples of the Sect, the most important reward was freedom! The Mysterious Yin Mansion was very strict with its disciples. From the first day they entered the Mysterious Yin Mansion, they would be implanted with the Yin Corpse Talisman. This Yin Corpse Talisman was extremely insidious. One year after the talisman was implanted, the Yin Qi would enter the warrior's body through the Yin Corpse Talisman. The warrior's body would fester bit by bit, and he would die a miserable death.
Unless one could break through to the False Tribulation Realm, there was no way to remove the Yin Corpse Talisman. In order to prevent the Yin Corpse Talisman from flaring up, the disciples of the Mysterious Yin Mansion would be given a Entering Flame Pill every year. As long as one swallowed the Entering Flame Pill, the Yin Corpse Talisman would not flare up.
Because of this, the disciples of the Mysterious Yin Mansion rarely walked outside. Even if they went out to carry out a mission, they had to return to the Mysterious Yin Mansion before the Yin Corpse Talisman flared up.
The reason the Mysterious Yin Old Man gave Yu Fei ten years of freedom was to reward him with ten Entering Flame Pills. This would allow Yu Fei to live a carefree life for ten years.
Looking at the scene in front of him, Luo Zheng's eyes shone brightly. It was just as Ning Yudie had said. Although the rewards of the Martial Arts Conference were generous, if one was careless, they would have to pay with their lives. In comparison, the internal fights of the sect seemed incomparably warm.
But it's also good. Only in this way can I have a chance to kill Si Miaoling, Luo Zheng thought indifferently.
After the opening battle, Elder Xiao once again shot a stream of True Essence at the jade platform.
"Bang!"
After the jade platform shook for a while, two nameplates popped out.
Elder Xiao waved his hand and the two nameplates flew towards him. He saw the name on one of the nameplates and glanced at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped. Was it his turn to go on stage so soon? In the second round of drawing lots, it was his turn.
Elder Xiao had indeed drawn Luo Zheng's nameplate, but he was a bit hesitant. How should he introduce Luo Zheng?
Generally, the disciples who participated in the Outer Trial were independent martial artists. Even if they belonged to a sect, they were only third-grade sects or second-grade sects, or even from a small family. The World Business Alliance classified sects below fourth-grade as independent martial artists.
However, Luo Zheng was a disciple from the Cloud Hall, so he was a bit uncertain. In the end, Elder Xiao sent a True Essence transmission to the Alliance Master Shi Kefan, asking how he should introduce him.
"Read it. Why isn't the referee reading the name list?"
"He's dragging his feet. What the hell is he doing?"
"Are we going to fight or not? I like to see rivers of blood. It's best if it's bloody!"
After receiving Shi Kefan's instructions, Elder Xiao nodded and then read aloud, "Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng versus independent martial artist, Gongsun Zhen!"
"It's really me!" When Elder Xiao had looked at him, Luo Zheng had been guessing this possibility. He hadn't expected that it would be his turn to fight in the second round.
What was to come would come. Luo Zheng didn't show the slightest bit of fear. He strode toward the arena.
At the same time, another independent warrior followed behind Luo Zheng and walked up to the arena.
Seeing this scene, many martial artists were a bit confused. When they heard the words "Cloud Hall", they all looked at the Cloud Hall on the high platform. This time, the Cloud Hall had five spots and brought five martial artists. However, Elder Xiao had clearly called out one of them, but the other five didn't move at all. Instead, two martial artists walked out from the independent martial artist side.
"What's going on? How come the Cloud Hall's disciple walked out from the independent martial artist side? "
"Wait, are my eyes playing tricks on me? I just didn't notice. This kid is … at the Divine Reflection Realm?"
"He is indeed at the Divine Reflection Realm, and he's only at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm … fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm! How did he pass the outer circle test?! "
Those who were able to pass the outer circle test were all powerful warriors with some fame. For example, Gongsun Zhen was actually the eldest son of a third rank family in Tianqi City, the Gongsun family! The Gongsun family had a very close relationship with the World Business Alliance.
As for Luo Zheng, he hadn't been in the Central Domain for long, and he had been cultivating ever since he entered the Cloud Hall. Therefore, besides Mo Yuezhang and a few other people from the World Business Alliance who knew about him, no one else had heard of him.
Luo Zheng had been standing in the middle of the crowd, and everyone's attention was focused on the disciples from those big sects. Therefore, no one noticed that there was a Divine Reflection Realm warrior among the group of Divine Core warriors.