Not only the warriors below the stage, even the disciples from the fourth rank sects on the stage had strange expressions on their faces.
A disciple from the Cloud Hall? He came in through the entrance exam? And he was only at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm? What the hell was going on?
"Fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, I think he'll be killed the moment he enters the stage …" A Divine Core disciple from the Black Wood Cliff rubbed his nose and said with a smile, "Too bad he didn't pick me, or else this fight would have been much easier!"
"That's right, a Divine Reflection young man like him won't be able to last more than one round." Another disciple from the Black Wood Cliff said with a regretful expression.
On the Void Spirit Sect's stage, six Divine Core disciples were sitting cross-legged.
The Void Spirit Sect had always had strict rules. Even though they were watching from the side, all of them had to keep their backs straight and their expressions serious.
Among the six disciples, the youngest disciple was only 15 years old, and he still had a childish look on his face. Among all the warriors who participated in the Martial Dao Competition, his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base might not be the lowest, but he was the youngest.
"Eldest senior brother, eldest senior brother," He blinked his eyes and shouted, "Didn't you say I have the lowest cultivation base in this Martial Dao Competition? Look, that guy's cultivation base is lower than mine! "
The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect sitting in front of him also focused his gaze on Luo Zheng. "I don't understand why a Fourth Level Divine Reflection Realm martial artist would suddenly appear. However, you must remember to never judge your opponent's strength based on their cultivation on the surface. Little Jie, you are also at the Extreme Divine Reflection Realm, but no one dares to treat you as a Divine Reflection martial artist."
"En, I understand." Little Jie nodded his head, "I don't think he's as strong as me! Even two months ago, when I was still at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, he shouldn't have been able to defeat me! "
Little Jie stared at Luo Zheng with a confident smile on his face.
If anyone else heard what Little Jie said, they would be extremely shocked. Cultivating from the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm to the Divine Reflection realm in just two months … this kind of talent was simply unbelievable.
The eldest senior brother shook his head with a smile on his face. It seemed like Little Jie was still holding a grudge against Luo Zheng's cultivation base.
In the Central Domain, geniuses were usually divided into four levels: Saint, Heaven, Earth, and Human.
To be able to become an elite disciple of a Fourth Grade Sect, one's talent was generally considered to be a Human Grade Genius or an Earth Grade Genius.
If one was evaluated as a heaven grade genius, then it would be enough for a large sect to nurture them wholeheartedly. This was because a disciple with heaven grade talent would very likely grow into a core member of a sect in the future.
As for Saint level geniuses, as long as they didn't fall, it was a given that they would become an Elder of a large sect. If they worked hard, it was even possible for them to become a Sect Master.
But Lil 'Jie's talent was even stronger. His talent surpassed that of a Saint! In the history of the Central Domain, there had never been such a talented disciple. He could be considered a god-level genius!
Even though his senior disciple was a Mid Divine Core warrior with a Saint talent, he still didn't have the confidence to defeat Young Jie, who was a Divine Reflection warrior! Even the Sect Leader asserted that as long as Little Jie didn't fall, he would definitely become an emperor in the future!
The so-called emperors here were not referring to the kingdoms of the mortal world! They were referring to the strength that allowed him to establish a 'Sacred Land' or 'Divine Kingdom'!
"If you're not convinced, you can challenge him after you get the challenge token." The senior disciple said with a smile.
Young Jie let out a sigh. "Sigh … let's see if he can hold on until then …"
In this Martial Dao Competition, from the opening match to the next round, the winner of each match would be able to draw a token. They would be able to draw the Exemption Token and the Challenge Token.
The Exemption Token would allow the winner to avoid a fight, and the Challenge Token would allow the winner to issue a challenge and choose the target of the challenge.
But, when it was Young Jie's turn, he had lost count of how many matches he had fought. In Young Jie's opinion, with Luo Zheng's strength, he would be either dead or disabled by then.
The five disciples from the Cloud Hall were having a strange feeling.
The five disciples arranged by the Cloud Hall this time were naturally the elites of the Cloud Hall. Among the five, Zong Mo Xie and Xuanyuan Xiao were the leaders.
When they heard the words "Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng", they all turned to look at the Hall Master, Ning Yudie. However, Ning Yudie's face seemed to be shrouded in a layer of icy mist, and they couldn't see what she looked like.
Since they couldn't get an answer from Ning Yudie, they could only discuss it among themselves.
"Strange, why would a Cloud Hall disciple appear among the independent fighters? Luo Zheng, who is he? "Zong Mo Xie said, puzzled.
Xuanyuan Xiao casually sat on the edge of the high platform and smiled faintly. "Mo Xie, you've been out for more than half a year. Haven't you heard that our Cloud Hall has an extremely arrogant kid? When he was still a Xiantian lifeform, he wanted to single-handedly overthrow the entire Elite Hall. "
"Oh? Really? "Zong Mo's Evil Deities expression became even more strange.
"That's right. With his Xiantian cultivation base, this kid continuously fought all the disciples from the Elite Hall. I didn't expect him to break through to the Divine Reflection realm in less than half a year. I wonder if his true combat strength has increased along with his cultivation base." Xuanyuan Xiao said with an indifferent tone.
Zong Mo Xie looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. "I hope so. No matter what, he is still a disciple from our Cloud Hall. If he is defeated in the first round, or even crippled by someone, it will bring shame to our Cloud Hall."
Under everyone's gazes, Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage.
Compared to the Rising Dragon Arena, killing Si Miaoling was Luo Zheng's top priority.
Si Miaoling was a Mid Divine Core warrior, and if Luo Zheng wanted to kill her, he had to catch her off guard. Therefore, Luo Zheng had to conceal his true strength in the previous battles.
After Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, the independent warrior, Gongsun Zhen, also stepped onto the stage.
When Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, it immediately caused a heated discussion among the crowd. After all, with his cultivation base, it was indeed a hot topic to talk about.
However, when Gongsun Zhen stepped onto the stage, some of the warriors on the spectator stand immediately became excited.
There was no other reason. Although all the warriors in the Central Domain wanted to come to Tianqi City to watch the Martial Dao Competition, at least half of them were from Tianqi City.
As for Gongsun Zhen, he was from the Gongsun family, a third ranked family in Tianqi City. He was a native warrior of Tianqi City, and he was fighting in Tianqi City.
"Gongsun Zhen's luck is really good, he's going to fight a fourth level Divine Reflection young man in the second round!"
"Our Gongsun Zhen is a lucky star! I believe he will be able to enter the top 10 of the Martial Dao Competition, and receive a great reward from the World Business Alliance! "
"Gongsun Zhen is a disciple raised by the Gongsun family, and he is a Heavenly rank genius. Even in a fourth ranked sect, he will be a core disciple. He is not any weaker than those warriors from those big sects on the stage!"
"Kill that fourth level Divine Reflection young man! Don't give face to the Cloud Hall, I want to see blood!"
Amidst the heated discussion, a smile emerged on Gongsun Zhen's face. This was the advantage of fighting in Tianqi City. Most of the warriors on the spectator stand were on his side, and this would bring great pressure to his opponent.
However, in this battle, Gongsun Zhen didn't need to give his opponent such pressure, because his opponent was just too weak …
Gongsun Zhen took out two swords from his Sumeru Ring. One was green, and the other was gold. Both were mid immortal ranked swords.
Looking at the two swords, Luo Zheng raised his brows slightly. "Dual Sword Style?"
Among swordsmen, there were very few who used dual swords. Up until now, Luo Zheng had only seen Sky Peak's Zhu Tian use it.
The advantage of dual sword style was obvious. With a sword in each hand, the swordsmanship of dual sword style could display greater power! However, the disadvantage was also great. After all, the path of the sword pursued the pinnacle of sword intent. Using dual swords to sharpen one's sword intent would increase the difficulty by several times. This was also the reason why most swordsmen gave up dual sword style.
"Oh, you also know about dual sword style?" Gongsun Zhen smiled faintly. The purple and gold swords in his hands swayed slightly, blossoming into golden sword flowers.
Hearing Gongsun Zhen's words, Luo Zheng showed a noncommittal expression. He never minded others looking down on him, because such people would eventually pay the price with their lives.
"Although your cultivation is very low, don't expect me to let you go, and don't expect me to underestimate you." Gongsun Zhen continued, pointing his two swords at Luo Zheng. "As the saying goes, even a lion uses its full strength to catch a rabbit. Since you have stepped onto this stage, you should be prepared to die, right?"
(Supplement to yesterday's update)
＝＝＝＝＝