Even the small Luo Family, which had no rank, had so many disputes.
Moreover, Gongsun Zhen had grown up in a third-rank family.
Even if Gongsun Zhen had Heaven Grade talent, if he didn't work hard in his family, he would still be eliminated. The Gongsun Family was a large family. If one wanted to stand out in such a family, they needed to rely not only on talent, but also hard work.
Therefore, even if Gongsun Yan felt that Luo Zheng was very weak, he still wouldn't let his guard down. The number of martial artists who had been killed because of carelessness was enough to fill the Book of Life and Death of the King of Hell. What kind of person was Gongsun Yan? How could he fall into such a trap?
Hearing Gongsun Zhen's words, Luo Zheng's bright eyes flashed. He smiled and said, "Not bad."
"What do you mean?" Gongsun Zhen didn't understand Luo Zheng's praise.
"You understand the principle of a lion hunting a rabbit. You're smarter than those idiots, so you're qualified to be my opponent." Luo Zheng continued to smile.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Gongsun Zhen was stunned.
He had expected Luo Zheng to say something to show his weakness, such as showing mercy, or even directly begging for mercy. If Gongsun Zhen was in a good mood, he could spare Luo Zheng's life.
He hadn't expected that Luo Zheng would directly jump out and say such words. The huge contrast made Gongsun Zhen unable to accept it.
Arrogant people often had their own reasons and strength to be arrogant, but what did this kid have? No matter how he looked at it, a fourth-tier Divine Reflection Realm martial artist was just a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.
Gongsun Zhen could accept being looked down upon by an expert. In the world of martial artists, whoever had the biggest fist was right. He deserved to be looked down upon for being weak, but to be looked down upon by a weakling … Gongsun Zhen couldn't accept it.
"Did you hear that? A fourth-tier Divine Reflection Realm kid actually said Gongsun Yan was qualified to be his opponent! "
"This is the funniest joke I've ever heard in my life …"
"Since when was it a Divine Reflection Realm junior's turn to brag in the Martial Arts Tournament?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the local martial artists of Tianqi City began to clamor. For a moment, all kinds of nonsense was heard.
Gongsun Zhen's face was full of anger. "Very good, you've angered me with one sentence. Since that's the case, prepare yourself to be baptized by my anger!"
Weng …
Two medium-grade immortal rank swords, one blue and one and one gold, swords.
At that moment, the barrier between the two of them disappeared.
The battle began …
"One move, die's die! I'll show you what perfect Sword Sword... "
Gongsun Zhen. Zhen's Wo,,,, was, but '''s,,,, and, Gsun Zhen's..... a!
Wielding Sword Sword.
In ancient times, there was a story of Gongsun Zhen performing a sword dance that shocked the audience. This technique that Gongsun Zhen practiced was passed down from generation to generation in the Gongsun Family!
Being able to temper two types of perfect Sword Intent was sufficient to prove that Gongsun Zhen's natural talent in the Sword Dao was shocking. Gongsun Zhen moved according to a certain pattern, and he glided extremely gracefully as he slashed his swords towards Luo Zheng!
"This is a sword dance as well! It's extremely profound, but it's still inferior to Yao Ye's sword dance. Not to mention that it's really awkward for a man to wield a sword! "Luo Zheng's body suddenly started to move.
At the instant that Luo Zheng's body moved, his Stellar Essence swiftly erupted as well!
Actually, body refiners and True Essence overlapped in many ways. For example, body refiners were able to take form with Stellar Essence when they reached the later stages of their cultivation. However, that wasn't the advantage of Stellar Essence! The greatest advantage of Stellar Essence over True Essence was its explosive speed!
True Essence was gathered in the Dantian of the human body, and cultivators had to extract True Essence from the Dantian when they utilized it.
However, Stellar Essence was distributed throughout the body, so its explosive speed was much faster than True Essence. At the same time, its explosive strength was much more ferocious. However, the cultivator's body was required to be even stronger in order to endure the explosive force of Stellar Essence! Of course, this wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng.
When Stellar Essence erupted from Luo Zheng's entire body, his body was enveloped in a layer of faint golden light. He was like a nimble little mink in the face of Gongsun Zhen's sword dance, quickly retreating while dodging Gongsun Yan's twin swords.
"Escape? I won't let you escape. I don't believe in Gongsun, hahaha …. "Gongsun Zhen had already completely entered the zone. The specialty of the Gongsun Sword Dance was that it was endless, and each move was stronger than the last!
Therefore, Gongsun Zhen was most afraid that his opponent would fight him head on from the very beginning. If that happened, he wouldn't be able to unleash the full might of the Gongsun Sword Dance. Deal with Luo Zheng? There was obviously no need for that!
The cultivators in the spectator's stands instantly clamored when they saw Luo Zheng retreat step by step.
"Force him into a corner. Let's see how he'll dodge!"
"He can't escape. Once he's caught by Gongsun Zhen's sword dance, he'll have no choice but to fight him head on!"
"But Gongsun Zhen has two types of perfect sword intents. This Luo Zheng hasn't even taken out a weapon. Is he going to fight with his fists? I'm afraid the sword intents will tear him to pieces before he can even get close! "
Gongsun Zhen's sword dance became increasingly stable, and his moves became increasingly powerful.
"Against Beauty in the Shadows!"
"Dazzling Beauty!"
"Bright Moon in the Sky!"
The names of these sword moves were derived from the dance steps, so they were very poetic. But beneath this poetic feeling, there were layers upon layers of killing intent.
"Die! You have nowhere to run!" After several moves, Gongsun Zhen finally forced Luo Zheng into a corner. "Even if you kneel and beg for mercy, it's useless! Full Moon Flower! "
As he spoke, Gongsun Zhen's twin swords slashed out in two semicircles, merging together to form a perfect full moon!
Dang dang dang dang dang dang …
When Gongsun Zhen's ultimate sword intent strangled Luo Zheng's body, countless crisp sounds rang out.
The sharp perfect sword intent could only leave white marks on Luo Zheng's skin. Then, Luo Zheng pinched Gongsun Zhen's two swords, one green and one gold, with incomparable precision.
"Huh?" Gongsun Zhen obviously didn't react. His eyes stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who was right in front of him.
The numerous cultivators in the stands were also stunned …
Luo Zheng used his physical body to resist Gongsun Zhen's perfect sword intent and pinched his two swords?
Pa! Pa!
Pa! Two crisp sounds rang out. Gongsun Zhen's two swords were instantly broken by Luo Zheng's bare hands! These swords were middle-grade immortal weapons!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's fist suddenly imprinted on Gongsun Zhen's chest!
"Pfff …"
When Gongsun Zhen was sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch, he also spat out a large mouthful of blood, leaving behind a trail of blood that was more than ten feet long in the center of the arena.
Finally, his entire body fiercely crashed into the edge of the arena. He lay motionless on the ground, almost losing half of his life.
Luo Zheng didn't choose to kill because there was no need to. Moreover, his goal in participating in this Martial Arts Conference was to kill Si Miaoling. Before this, no matter how much Luo Zheng hid his strength, some of his trump cards would still be exposed.
If he showed too much bloodlust, it might alert Si Miaoling!
In the stands, the native martial artists of Heavenly Awakening City were all deathly silent. Because the situation had reversed too quickly, they hadn't been able to react. In fact, even Gongsun Zhen hadn't been able to react. Before he fainted, he still hadn't figured out what had gone wrong with him.
What Gongsun Zhen didn't know was that it wasn't something that went wrong with him. It was just that he was too weak and Luo Zheng was too strong …
On the high platform, Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect blinked and said, "Eldest Senior Brother, he's really strong! When I was at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection Realm, I probably couldn't beat him. "
The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect shook his head and said, "It's not the same. I didn't expect that even I would be wrong. Luo Zheng used Vital Essence just now. He's actually a body cultivator. Perhaps he has some kind of secret technique that allowed him to break Gongsun Zhen's sword intent without warning and achieve this result … If I remember correctly, Xiao Jie, when you were at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection Realm, you had already comprehended half of the Law of Space, right? He shouldn't have been a match for you at that time. "
If news of a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator being able to comprehend half of the first level of the Law of Space spread out, Daoist Master Dameng of the Cloud Hall and the other old monsters in the False Tribulation Realm would probably find a piece of tofu and kill themselves.
"Not necessarily …" Xiao Jie had a very accurate estimation of his own strength.
The eldest senior brother continued, "Xiao Jie, you're the most talented person in the history of the Central Domain. You're also the only god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect. Don't compare yourself to someone like Luo Zheng, lest you damage your martial heart."