"This guy? Little Jie, you're being presumptuous again. Luo Zheng is older than you. Don't be rude, "Taoist Priest Qingxu, who had been silent with his eyes closed, suddenly said.
The Void Spirit School attached great importance to etiquette and restricted the words and deeds of its disciples. Hearing Taoist Priest Qingxu's words, Little Jie blushed and said in a low voice, "Master, you're right. I know I was wrong."
"As a body refiner, Luo Zheng was able to cultivate his body refinement technique to such an extent that he was able to withstand a perfect sword intent with his physical body … However, this cannot be underestimated," Taoist Master Qing Xu said faintly.
One of the Seven Masters of Void Spirit said again, "The warriors in our Central Domain mainly cultivate the Vital Essence system. I've never seen such a strong Body Refining Practitioner. There doesn't seem to be any strong Body Refining Technique in the Cloud Hall. I don't know how this guy cultivates."
"Hmm?" Taoist Priest Qingxu frowned again when he heard the words "this guy".
Although the Seven Masters of Void Spirit were the core figures of the Void Spirit School, they also had to abide by the commandment of the Void Spirit School, which was not to use vulgar language …
"Sorry, sorry …" Seeing that the Master was unhappy, one of the Seven Masters of Void Spirit also said repeatedly.
"No wonder he could pass the Outer Test with such a low cultivation. It turns out that he is a Body Refining Practitioner!"
"I've never heard of a Body Refining Practitioner being so powerful! I've seen many Body Refining Practitioners, and the strongest among them is no match for an ordinary warrior in the Divine Reflection Realm. How can this guy burst out such power? "
"Acupoints, how many acupoints has he opened? Dozens of acupoints? "
The most important thing for Body Refining was to open acupoints.
The body refinement system wasn't popular in the central territory, so up until now, no one had been able to open all 108 acupoints. Of course, Luo Zheng had done it now, and it had only taken him a few days.
"This guy has cultivated the Body Refining Technique to this level in just a few days?" Ning Yudie's eyes flashed with a touch of astonishment.
A few days ago, when she was secretly watching Luo Zheng, she discovered that he was indeed refining his body. She didn't expect that in just a few days, he could refine his body to such a degree. Even Ning Yudie had never heard of such a thing!
Ning Yudie naturally could not imagine that Luo Zheng's body had been tempered by the Red Dragon's special method of using the Primordial Celestial Aura to refine Luo Zheng's body. The Red Dragon had also used the purest power of thunder and fire to temper Luo Zheng's acupoints. This kind of unique advantage was something that even the great forces of the Upper Realm did not have! That was why he was able to achieve such a miraculous speed.
"In the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng wins!"
After Elder Xiao's announcement, people from the World Business Alliance came up to clean up the bloodstains on the arena. Then, they carried the half-dead Gong Sunzhen away.
In the stands, Gongsun Zhen and his family were staring at Luo Zheng viciously, as if they wanted to kill Luo Zheng with their gazes.
Feeling the intense killing intent, Luo Zheng looked back indifferently, but he did not care at all.
"According to the rules, Luo Zheng, you can draw a card!"
As soon as Elder Xiao finished speaking, someone carried a box over and placed it in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng reached into the box and took it out. After opening it, he saw the words "Exempt" written on the small wooden card.
"This is the Exempt Card. If you are drawn to fight again and you don't want to fight, this Exempt Card can exempt you from the fight once," Elder Xiao explained to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded. He had only drawn the Exempt Card the first time. If he had drawn the Challenge Card, he could have directly challenged Si Miaoling.
However, on second thought, even if Luo Zheng had drawn the Challenge Card, he would not challenge Si Miaoling immediately. If his method was too obvious, Cui Xie might see through it.
After putting down the first waiver card, Luo Zheng walked over to the side of the independent warriors.
At this moment, Ning Yudie's indifferent voice floated over. "Luo Zheng, you are a disciple of the Cloud Hall. You don't have to go over there."
The Cloud Hall had an independent high platform next to the fighting arena. Everyone knew that Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Cloud Hall. If Luo Zheng still stood on the independent fighters' side, it would not look good. It would make it seem as if Luo Zheng had some conflicts with the Cloud Hall, which would make outsiders see the effect.
Luo Zheng had no conflicts with the Cloud Hall, but he had some conflicts with Ning Yudie …
Ning Yudie strongly disapproved of his participation in the Martial Arts Conference. Therefore, when he heard Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng looked back at Ning Yudie. "I entered the inner competition after passing the outer competition. I think it's better for me to stand on that side!"
After speaking, Luo Zheng walked towards the independent fighters' side platform without looking back.
Ning Yudie's incomparably beautiful face was slightly embarrassed. Even though she was young and looked like a little girl in the eyes of many old monsters, she was still the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall! The Hall Master of the top Sect in the Central Domain …
She had lost a lot of face.
Ning Yudie still used a little bit of ice fog to cover herself. Her face could not be seen clearly, but it could be seen that her body was slightly stiff and unnatural.
"This stinking brat!" Cloud Hall's Zong Mo Xie's face was gloomy. Just a moment ago, he treated Luo Zheng as one of his own. He did not expect that this brat would not even give face to the Hall Master.
Ning Yudie was a goddess in the eyes of many Cloud Hall disciples, and even in the eyes of many fighters in the Central Domain.
It would be a lie to say that they did not admire her. However, most of the disciples just hid this feeling in the depths of their hearts. After all, whether it was strength or status, the difference was too big. How could they dare to show it?
Now, Luo Zheng jumped out, and he was even a disciple of their Cloud Hall. He actually dared to humiliate Ning Yudie in front of everyone. How could the disciples of the Cloud Hall tolerate this?
"If I meet you in the arena, I will not show you any mercy!" Xuanyuan Xiao said with a gloomy face.
The drawing of lots on the jade platform was random. Even if the disciples of the same Sect were drawn, they had to enter the arena to fight. Unless both sides strategically admitted defeat and one of them directly gave up the fight.
In the stands, the fighters of several other Sects were also discussing this matter.
They did not expect that Luo Zheng would actually directly disobey the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. However, this was an internal matter of the Cloud Hall. Other than cursing Luo Zheng, they could not say anything.
Elder Xiao and the others were also more and more confused. What was the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie?
When Luo Zheng was in the Peripheral Test, Ning Yudie came in person and watched the whole process. After that, she asked them not to tell Luo Zheng that she had come.
Now it seemed that the relationship between Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng was not very harmonious. What kind of show was this?
Elder Xiao could not understand. He shook his head and shook the jade platform again. After getting the nameplates of the two fighters, he shouted at the top of his voice, "Independent fighter Zhao Zhiping versus Black Wood Cliff's Qiao Yu!"
The Martial Dao Competition used a round-robin system, and the pace of the battles was very fast.
Compared to the first and second matches which were one-sided, the third match was a close match. Both Zhao Shiping and Qiao Yu were Early Divine Core warriors, and their cultivation levels and overall strength were on par with each other. The fight lasted for the time it took for an incense stick to burn, and finally, Qiao Yu won with a slight advantage.
The fourth match …
The fifth match …
The sixth match …
The winner of each match would be able to draw a card. But strangely, almost all of the winners were exempt cards, and no one had drawn a challenge card.
Originally, everyone thought that the probability of drawing a challenge card and a challenge card was 50/50, but now, it seemed like the probability was extremely low.
In the end, Elder Xiao stepped forward and explained that the probability of drawing a challenge card was only 1/5.
Except for the first opening match and the second match, in which Luo Zheng and Gongsun Zhen fought fiercely, the following matches were a little dull. Because there were no rules in the Martial Arts Conference, even if you killed your opponent, you didn't have to bear any responsibility. Under these rules, the warriors on both sides became more cautious.
If they wanted to get a higher ranking, they had to save their strength for the end. If they fought with their lives on the line, they would be severely injured, and they might even lose an arm or a leg. If that happened, how would they have the chance to get into the top 10?
With the rich nature of the World Business Alliance, they would prepare a small gift for all the participants of the Martial Dao Competition. The gift would not be too 'small', but if it was compared to the rewards for the top 10, it would be way too small …
Many warriors didn't expect to get their hands on the Rising Dragon Arena. For example, those independent fighters. Even if they had the ability to get their hands on the Rising Dragon Arena, they might not be able to live to enjoy it. Therefore, their goal was to get into the top 10!
When the seventh match began, the atmosphere in the entire arena was ignited, and everyone was boiling with excitement.