Many warriors had spent a top rank True Meta Stone to watch the Martial Dao Competition, and their goal was to watch the battles between powerful warriors!
The previous few battles were all between independent warriors and disciples from sects.
Most of these independent warriors weren't real independent warriors, they were from third grade sects or third grade clans. Compared to a real fourth grade sect, there was still a huge gap.
Therefore, in the previous battles, it was a one-sided battle, and the battles weren't as intense as expected.
But now, Zong Mo Xie, one of the leaders of the fourth grade sect Cloud Hall, had arrived, and his opponent was one of the six men from the Void Spirit Sect. Before the battle had even begun, the crowd had already expected it to be an exciting battle.
"The dealer is opening the bet, the dealer is opening the bet!"
On the spectator stands, many martial artists were shouting and wrangling.
Wherever there was a battle, there would be a gambling house.
In the Central Domain, some second and third grade sects and clans would often hold battles, and at the same time, they would set up gambling houses.
However, there were many traps in these battles. Some sects would often cheat when setting up these battles, and manipulate the results of the battles. Battles that were supposed to be a sure win would suddenly become an upset, and the gamblers would lose their True Meta Stones.
As for the Martial Dao Competition held by the World Business Alliance, the possibility of this happening was small. The Rising Dragon Arena was something all sects wanted, and the World Business Alliance wouldn't join forces with a few other sects to cheat people for some True Meta Stones.
Therefore, this Martial Dao Competition was a feast for gamblers.
Being a warrior was a profession that licked blood from the edge of a blade, and most warriors were born gamblers. The reason why these hundreds of thousands of warriors were watching the Martial Dao Competition was because they wanted to watch the battles between geniuses, and also because they wanted to gamble.
"What are the odds? Eh, this odds … it seems like the World Business Alliance is betting on Situ Haoran from the Void Spirit Sect! "
"I'll bet on Situ Haoran! The Void Spirit Sect is a fifth grade sect, and it's one level higher than the Cloud Hall!"
"Do you think Zong Mo Xie is someone easy to deal with? Although Zong Mo Xie is an Early Divine Core warrior, he once traveled thousands of miles on his own, and killed the Three Ghosts of the Yellow Sea! The Three Ghosts were all Mid Divine Core warriors! "
Many warriors were analyzing the two men's performances over the years.
When these elites from sects broke through to the Divine Core realm, they would usually be entrusted with some difficult missions, and slowly built up a name for themselves in the Central Domain.
For example, the Hebi Country that the cultivator mentioned earlier was a small country in the Central Region. This small country was also the country where the Cloud Hall's Magic Cloud Sect was located.
Back then, when the Three Ghosts of the Yellow Sea fled to He Bi Country, the Lucky Cloud Sect requested for help. The Cloud Hall issued a mission within the sect and in the end, Zong Mo Xie single-handedly killed the Three Ghosts of the Yellow Sea and became famous in He Bi Country! Therefore, the King of Hebi had specially built a statue of Zong Mo Xie, and worshipped him as the God of War. In the eyes of the people of Hebi, Zong Mo Xie was a God of War.
In comparison, Situ Haoran from the Void Spirit Sect wasn't as famous. Although the Void Spirit Sect was a fifth grade sect, they weren't like the Cloud Hall, who had recruited five second grade sects. They had more disciples than the Cloud Hall, but they weren't as widely distributed as the Cloud Hall.
However, no matter if it was the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, the Blood Wood Cliff, or the Dark Yin Mansion, each sect had their own unique characteristics. If not, they wouldn't have been able to become a fourth grade sect!
"Wuuu, I'm so envious of you, second senior disciple!" Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect said gloomily, "Why can't I be chosen?!"
Situ Haoran patted Xiao Jie's shoulder and comforted him. "Don't be disappointed. The strongest will definitely appear at the end!"
"But it's too boring to just sit here. I really want to find someone to challenge." Xiao Jie rolled his eyes and looked at the high platform beside him. At the same time, he shouted, "Hey, if you get a challenge token, can you challenge me?"
On the high platform beside the Void Spirit Sect was Cui Xie and the others.
Cui Xie saw that the person who spoke was a fifteen-year-old child, so he just smiled faintly and didn't say anything.
However, the young man beside him glanced at Xiao Jie indifferently. "You're very confident?"
"Yes! I'll be first in this Martial Arts Conference! But I'm so bored waiting! "Xiao Jie blinked and said.
"Is that so? I also feel very bored. We can't use this arena. Why don't we go outside and try it out first? " The young man also said indifferently. Xiao Jie was very confident, and the young man was the son of the number one person in the Central Domain. He also had the same confidence!
"Xiao Jie, don't talk nonsense. You're extremely rude," Taoist Priest Qing Xu scolded.
However, Cui Xie smiled at Taoist Priest Qing Xu and said, "Qing Xu, the children are making a ruckus. Just let them be. You're still so old-fashioned. However, your Void Spirit Sect seems to have unearthed a good seedling!"
Cui Xie had long noticed Xiao Jie. Although this child's bone age was only fifteen, his cultivation was already extremely high. Just based on his cultivation and bone age, it was extremely shocking in an ordinary family force. However, it was nothing in Cui Xie's eyes. It was just that Cui Xie felt something else from Xiao Jie. This child seemed to be very special …
Taoist Priest Qing Xu smiled perfunctorily and disapproved of Cui Xie's words.
The relationship between the Void Spirit Sect and Cui Xie had always been bad. There had been a huge conflict between them. If anyone wanted to rise up, they would often offend a large group of people. Cui Xie was a living example. A few decades ago, the Void Spirit Sect had taken the lead to suppress Cui Xie. Unfortunately, not only did the Void Spirit Sect not suppress Cui Xie, but they also allowed Cui Xie to rise up and become the number one person in the Central Domain!
Moreover, it wouldn't be long before Cui Xie's Great Heavenly Demon Orgy Formation would be formed. If Cui Xie broke through in the Great Heavenly Demon Orgy Formation, he would no longer have any scruples. Cui Xie would probably be able to do whatever he wanted in the entire Central Domain. This was something that the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and even the Cloud Hall did not want to see.
There were even rumors that Cui Xie wanted to build a Kingdom of God in the Central Domain!
That Kingdom of God was a kingdom of warriors, and it was considered a sixth-grade sect! It meant that Cui Xie wanted to rely on his own strength to unify the entire Central Domain.
The Void Spirit Sect was a heaven-grade sect in the Central Domain. How could it be willing to bow down? At that time, a fierce battle that involved the entire Central Region would unavoidably break out. Although Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, Dark Yin Mansion, and the other Rank Four Sects were all well-behaved, they might not necessarily not side with Cui Xie when the time came.
In the arena, Zong Mo Xie stood on the spot like a stabilizing needle with a confident smile on his face.
Situ Haoran, who was standing opposite him, raised his hand slightly and said calmly, "Cloud Hall's Zong Mo Xie, actually, I've been waiting for a long time to fight with you."
"Why?" Zong Mo Xie asked.
"Crackle …"
Tiny lightning bolts shot out from Situ Haoran's hand. "I heard you've comprehended the source law of lightning, and I'm also cultivating a lightning skill. That's why I want to know the difference between us!"
Looking at the blue lightning bolts in Situ Haoran's hand, Zong Mo Xie's eyes twitched. "It looks like your comprehension isn't any less than mine!"
"Guys, look! Look at the lightning bolts in Situ Haoran's hand! He has comprehended at least half of the source law of lightning! What a monster … "
"What a monster! Even those old monsters at the False Tribulation realm can barely comprehend half of the source law of lightning! I never expected this Situ Haoran would be able to do it at the Divine Core realm!"
"The Void Spirit Sect's foundation is not something we can imagine, there are geniuses in every generation!"
Luo Zheng was sitting cross-legged in meditation. The Vital Energy in his body was slowly flowing through every single cell in his body, and at the same time, the Vital Energy in his Dantian was also rotating. The Vital Energy and Vital Energy were like two distinct rivers in Luo Zheng's body, and they didn't interfere with each other's business.
By maintaining this state, Luo Zheng was able to cultivate both types of energy at the same time.
While all the warriors were discussing fervently, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes. Right now, both Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran were covered in a layer of lightning.
"Both of their lightning bolts contain the law of lightning, but … Zong Mo Xie's understanding of the law of lightning is slightly higher, but Situ Haoran's aura is slightly stronger. Zong Mo Xie has a higher chance of winning this fight." Luo Zheng looked at the fighting stage with an indifferent expression.
However, no matter if it was Zong Mo Xie or Situ Haoran's understanding of the law of lightning, neither of them could be compared with Luo Zheng's.
Every single Law was divided into 10 levels.
The two of them had only grasped half of the first level of the Law of Thunder, but Luo Zheng had already completely grasped the first level of the Law of Thunder.
＝＝＝＝＝