Following the disappearance of the light screen in the arena, the battle between Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran had finally begun.
There were many factors that could affect a battle between cultivators, such as mentality, skill, cultivation …
But, as both Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran were able to break through to the Divine Core realm and become one of the strongest cultivators in their respective sects, both of them had a strong mentality! Both of them were cultivating a Heaven ranked skill, and both of them were at the Early Divine Core realm.
Right at this moment, both of them were competing in terms of their understanding of the Laws.
Right at this moment, Zong Mo Xie's body was covered in a layer of purple lightning, making him look like the incarnation of the Thunder God. The purple lightning looked like tiny snakes that were dancing around his body. As for Situ Haoran, there were two lightning balls that were violently jumping around in his hands, as if they contained an endless amount of energy.
"Crackle …"
Both of them were moving as fast as lightning. Both of them kept colliding with each other, and every time they collided, a blinding white light would explode out!
The high frequency and speed of this battle had caused all the cultivators in the stands to feel suffocated. They were even more anxious than the two cultivators who were fighting. Some cultivators were shouting and cheering for one of them, but most of them were staring at the arena without saying a single word.
Especially those cultivators who cultivated Lightning elemental skills, they were watching the battle with utmost seriousness!
In the Central Domain, or even in the entire Boundless Universe, cultivating the Laws was an extremely difficult task.
The stone inscriptions that recorded the Laws could only be found in the Fourth and Fifth Grade Sects.
Those cultivators from Second and Third Grade Sects, or even most of the independent cultivators, didn't have such conditions. If they wanted to cultivate the Laws, they could only rely on their own comprehension ability! However, with his little bit of perception, he didn't know when he would be able to comprehend a trace of the Power of Laws. But, observing the battle between Zong Mo Xie and Situ Haoran, there was a very small chance that he would be able to comprehend a trace of the Power of Laws.
This was the reason why they were watching the battle with utmost seriousness!
On the high platform, the disciples from the few big sects were sitting calmly. But, in their minds, they were constantly measuring the gap between themselves, Zong Mo Xie, and Situ Haoran.
"Lose!"
After the battle had gone on for half an incense stick's worth of time, Zong Mo Xie suddenly let out a loud shout.
The purple lightning that coiled around his body suddenly turned from the thickness of a small snake to the thickness of a python!
When he saw this, Situ Haoran's expression became even more solemn. However, the two balls of lightning in his hands began to shrink. They shrank from two enormous balls of lightning into fist-sized balls of lightning!
"Boom!"
With this collision, a violent explosion erupted. Dazzling lightning enveloped the entire battle arena. Most people subconsciously closed their eyes.
Luo Zheng, however, stared at the lightning in the arena. He raised his eyebrows slightly and a trace of doubt appeared on his face.
"Eh …"
He noticed that some Thunder Laws that he couldn't understand had appeared within the lightning!
The gazes of the sect leaders on the high platform were equally solemn.
On the other hand, Taoist Priest Qingxu stroked his beard with a faint smile on his face.
As for the hundreds of thousands of cultivators, most of them had their eyes closed. Even if the barrier blocked the power, they could not bear the dazzling lightning.
This was what it meant for laymen to watch the show, while insiders watched the artistry.
"In Situ Haoran's lightning, there is a trace of the Power of Law that I can't understand," Luo Zheng thought indifferently.
"It's the second level of the Thunder Laws, Purification," Qinglong's voice floated out at this time.
"Purification? This is the second level of the Thunder Laws? "Hidden within the lightning were some tiny bits of lightning that were difficult to see with the naked eye.
"Yes, the first level of the Thunder Laws is called 'Destruction', the second level is called 'Purification', and the third level is called 'Heavenly Tribulation'. When you humans pass through the Life and Death Realm, the heavenly lightning that descends is called Heavenly Tribulation!" Qinglong explained the first three levels of the Thunder Laws in one breath.
"Destruction, Purification, Heavenly Tribulation …" Just the Thunder Laws were divided into ten levels, and each level corresponded to a different Law. Although Luo Zheng had comprehended nine kinds of Laws, he still had a long way to go!
"That kid from your Central Domain's Void Spirit Sect only comprehended half of the first level of the Destruction Laws. Perhaps by chance, he obtained a fragment of the second level of the Thunder Laws and comprehended a trace of it. Although it's just a little bit, it's enough for him to win," Qinglong said again.
Luo Zheng nodded because he had already seen the result of the battle. Zong Mo Xie's body was charred and emitted a barbecue-like fragrance as he lay on the ground, while Situ Haoran stood on the other side of the battle stage. Although he looked incomparably weak, his legs were firmly nailed to the ground, and a victorious smile appeared on his face.
"I fear that the second level of the Laws does not exist in the Central Domain. If I want to study the second level of the Laws, I'll have to go to the higher realms or the four Divine Kingdoms …" Luo Zheng muttered.
"You've already experienced the baptism of the Laws. For the time being, there is no need for you to pursue a higher level of the Laws. If you were to fuse two or even three different Laws together, the power you would erupt with would be …"
Before Qinglong finished speaking, Red Dragon interrupted him. "Haha, boy, don't listen to Ninth Brother's nonsense. The power of Laws is the source of this world, but a body transformation martial artist defies the will of the heavens. Once they cultivate to the peak, they will become even more powerful! Once you open the eighth layer of the dao platform, I will pass on a transcendent divine might to you! No matter what the power of Laws it is, I will blow it all apart with a single punch! "
"Seventh Brother …" Qinglong bitterly said.
"Transcendent divine might? What is that? "Luo Zheng asked, his heart skipping a beat.
"That, that …"
Red Dragon's temperament was completely different from Qinglong's. Qinglong was calm and steady, but Red Dragon's temperament was more fiery. Now that Red Dragon was stopped by Qinglong, he didn't know what to say.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what a transcendent divine might was, it definitely wasn't some common treasure. These Nine True Dragons could be considered the rulers of a Great World. Let alone something they cared about, even something they didn't care about was comparable to a priceless treasure in Luo Zheng's eyes.
Taking advantage of Red Dragon's stuttering, Luo Zheng immediately smiled and said, "Good, then it's settled. Once I open the eighth layer of the dao platform, you will pass on a transcendent divine might to me!"
Luo Zheng didn't know what a transcendent divine might was, but he had to confirm Red Dragon's words first!
Qinglong helplessly chuckled. Then, he said, "What a sly boy … Seventh Brother's transcendent divine might is of great importance. It's not that I don't want to pass it on to you, but that the time isn't right. But … if you open the dao platform, you can also practice it!"
"You haven't said what a transcendent divine might is yet?" Luo Zheng curiously asked. He couldn't figure out just what it was that could cause Qinglong to be so cautious.
"A transcendent divine might is the strongest martial skill of a world. For it to have the word 'transcendent' in it, it means that there is nothing stronger than it … if one can successfully practice it, they can become the ruler of a world!" Qinglong slowly said.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air.
The ruler of a Great World was a god-like existence. Just how powerful was that?
"My acupoints have already opened. Now I can attack the dao platform! I will remember this transcendent divine might! "Luo Zheng's eyes bloomed with excitement.
"When have I ever gone back on my words? But let me remind you, opening the dao platform isn't as easy as you think it is. "The red dragon reminded." Especially in the Central Domain. The difficulty of opening the dao platform is much higher than breaking through to the Divine Core realm, or even the False Tribulation realm! "
"I understand." The excitement in Luo Zheng's eyes gradually faded away, replaced by a resolute look.
If one wanted to pursue greater strength, how could it not be difficult? It would be abnormal if it wasn't difficult. This was an unbreakable truth that had existed since ancient times!
While Luo Zheng was talking to the two dragons in his mind, Zong Mo Xie had already been carried back to the Cloud Hall.
The martial artists in the stands sighed. They didn't expect Zong Mo Xie to be so strong, and Situ Haoran was even stronger!
Being able to see such a battle, many martial artists felt that their top grade true essence stones hadn't been spent in vain. This trip to Heavenly Awakening City had been worth it.
After the arena was cleaned up, Old Man Xiao once again started drawing nameplates from the jade platform.
After the two nameplates were drawn, Old Man Xiao suddenly shouted, "Blood Wood Cliff's Bu Chou versus Cloud Hall's Luo Zheng!"
Hearing Old Man Xiao's voice, Blood Wood Cliff's Bu Chou sniffled. He walked to the edge of the platform and smiled, "Not bad, what should be mine will be mine!"
Just a moment ago, Bu Chou was complaining to his junior brother that he didn't have the luck to meet an opponent like Luo Zheng. He didn't expect it to be his turn so soon.