"This is the first fight for us disciples of the Blood Wood Cliff! Senior disciple Bu, you must show us your strength! "A few disciples from the Blood Wood Cliff said.
Sitting behind the stage, Madam Poison Blood stared coldly at Luo Zheng.
As the Sect Chief of the Blood Wood Cliff, she had once been humiliated by a junior like Luo Zheng. But of course, she wouldn't tell anyone about this. After all, she was the Sect Chief of a Fourth Grade Sect, and she still wanted to maintain her dignity.
"Bu Chou, come here." Madam Poison Blood said in a soft voice.
"Yes, Sect Chief!" Bu Chou walked in front of Madam Poison Blood.
Madam Poison Blood reached out her delicate finger and bit it gently, breaking the skin on her fingertip.
Seeing what Madam Poison Blood did, Bu Chou's eyes twitched. With a trembling voice, he said, "Sect Chief …"
The Blood Wood Cliff wasn't a righteous sect, and they had countless evil skills. Obviously, Bu Chou knew what the Sect Chief wanted to do to him.
"Don't be afraid, this Soul Dissolving Poison Blood can stimulate your potential for a short period of time. I'll help you recover your lost lifespan. But, you have to go down there and kill that guy!" Madam Poison Blood said with a smile.
"Sect Chief, I don't need to stimulate my potential to kill that guy!" Bu Chou quickly shook his head.
Madam Poison Blood giggled. Her charming face was dazzling. "I know, but … just in case!" After saying that, she pointed her finger at Bu Chou's chest and drew a blood talisman with the blood on her fingertip. The blood talisman flashed with a blood red light and imprinted itself into Bu Chou's chest.
In an instant, Bu Chou seemed to have turned into a different person. His eyes turned red, and with a ferocious smile on his face, he said, "Sect Chief, he's going to die!"
After saying that, Bu Chou leapt into the arena.
At the same time, Luo Zheng also walked towards the arena.
"It's that Fourth Level Divine Reflection kid's turn again!"
"He defeated Gongsun Zhen in the last round, looks like he can't be treated as an ordinary Divine Reflection warrior."
"He only defeated Gongsun Zhen by catching him off guard. In terms of true strength, there's no way he can defeat a Divine Core warrior!"
Although Luo Zheng was a disciple from a fourth rank Sect, defeating a Divine Core warrior with his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base was still hard for many warriors to accept.
Not everyone could challenge those of a higher cultivation level. In the Central Domain, one's strength was measured by one's cultivation level. Only some of the elite disciples of the fourth-grade sects could easily challenge those of a higher cultivation level. However, this group of genius disciples was extremely rare!
Moreover, Gongsun Zhen was a member of a third-grade family, the Gongsun Family. He was a rare heaven grade genius!
Yet, Luo Zheng was able to surpass a Great Realm and beat Gong Sun Zhen half to death in a single move. This kind of violent shock made all the martial artists in the stands feel that it was very unfair. Therefore, from a psychological point of view, they very much hoped that Luo Zheng would lose, and lose miserably!
This time, there was finally a disciple from a Rank 4 Sect who was going against Luo Zheng. Naturally, they placed their hopes on Bu Chou.
Right at this moment, a few more disciples walked into the stands from the back row. These disciples were all wearing white clothes with clouds embroidered on their chests. They were the disciples of the Cloud Hall, and the two men leading the group were Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao!
"I never thought that the entrance fee for the Martial Dao Competition would be so expensive, a supreme rank True Origin Stone …" Red Maple's voice came from behind.
Hua Tianming turned around and glared at him. "It's good enough that you're able to come in here. The competition has already begun, I wonder who the winner will be from the Cloud Hall."
After a few months, Pei Tianyao had broken through to the fifth level of the Divine Reflection realm. On the other hand, Hua Tianming's progress was even faster. He had broken through to the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm, and was about to catch up with Pei Tianyao in terms of cultivation base.
This time, a few of them had participated in a mission from the Cloud Hall, and it happened to be in the Hei Chang Kingdom, which was close to Tianqi City. After completing the mission, they found out that the Martial Dao Competition was about to begin. Naturally, they didn't want to miss this opportunity, so they came straight to Tianqi City.
Pei Tianyao looked into the distance and said lightly, "The one in the arena seems to be a disciple of the Blood Wood Cliff. I wonder who his opponent is?"
Hua Tianming glanced around with his sword eyes and happened to see a person slowly walking onto the stage. He felt that this person was somewhat familiar. His pupils suddenly widened as he stared at him, "Luo, Luo Zheng!"
"Who is Luo Zheng? Is he also here to watch the Martial Dao Competition? "Red Maple asked from the side.
Pei Tianyao also looked over. His face suddenly froze, and he smiled helplessly. "It's really Luo Zheng. He's not here to watch the Martial Dao Competition. He's in the arena."
"What!" Red Maple almost jumped up in shock. He stretched out his neck and looked at the arena. He opened his mouth and murmured, "It's really Luo Zheng. Isn't he looking for death?"
Whether it was Pei Tianyao, Hua Tianming, or Red Maple, they were all disciples of the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall, and they were the focus of training. During this time, their progress was very amazing. For example, Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Essence gave birth to two kinds of Law, the Law of Gold and the Law of Thunder. Although the power of the Law was not enough, there were only one or two warriors in the Divine Realm who could comprehend the Law. It could be imagined how terrifying Hua Tianming's talent was.
Pei Tianyao's strength had also improved tremendously. He no longer needed to rest when he summoned the Acalanatha, and the Acalanatha now had a second pair of arms. Within the Tantric Sect, the strongest Acalanatha had six arms. This meant that Pei Tianyao still had a lot of room for improvement.
On the other hand, Red Maple's progress was slower than Pei Tianyao's. However, his movement skill was becoming more and more strange, and he could now move around without leaving a trace.
This speed of improvement was enough for them to be proud of the Elite Hall of the Cloud Hall. They believed that it wouldn't be long before they could become one of the top few disciples in the Elite Hall.
But, when they saw Luo Zheng standing in the arena of the Martial Dao Competition, they suddenly felt that the progress they were so proud of had become a joke.
Before they left for Heaven Awakening City, they had discussed the Martial Dao Competition.
All the strongest disciples from different sects would gather here, and it would be a battle between Divine Core warriors! Back then, Hua Tianming had complained about why the Martial Dao Competition was held a few years earlier. If he had a few more years, once he broke through to the Divine Core realm, he would have a chance to participate in the Martial Dao Competition as well.
Red Maple had mocked Hua Tianming, saying that even if Hua Tianming was given a few more years, Hua Tianming might not be qualified to participate in the Martial Dao Competition. Because of this, Hua Tianming had once again placed his sword on Red Maple's neck.
However, Luo Zheng had already stood in the arena of the Martial Dao Competition …
"His cultivation has improved really quickly. In less than half a year, he has broken through from the Xiantian realm to the Fourth Stage Divine Reflection realm. But … there is still a huge gap between him and a Divine Core warrior, why is he able to participate?" Pei Tianyao asked curiously.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he was also at the Xiantian realm, but he still defeated all of you Divine Reflection realm disciples. Now, Luo Zheng has broken through to the Divine Reflection realm, so it's only natural for him to fight a Divine Core warrior!"
Hua Tianming's words were heard by a warrior standing next to him, causing his expression to darken. "What do you mean by 'only natural'?! That guy is just lucky! I don't think he'll be able to survive this round! Those disciples from the Blood Wood Cliff will definitely be able to kill him! "
This warrior was a member of the Gongsun family. Although he wasn't a core disciple, the Gongsun family still had a strong sense of honor. Therefore, when he heard what Hua Tianming said, he didn't feel good about it.
"Lucky?" Hua Tianming let out a faint smile, then he turned to Pei Tianyao and said, "Looks like we've missed our chance, Luo Zheng has already fought."
Pei Tianyao stared at the fighting stage and said, "But, this round doesn't look good either, that man from the Blood Wood Cliff isn't simple either …"
They were from the same sect as Luo Zheng, and they had entered the Cloud Hall together. When they saw how strong Luo Zheng's opponent was, they were naturally worried.
"He's dead, he's dead! He's a Divine Core warrior! "Red Maple was still shouting loudly.
Hua Tianming slightly raised his brows, then with a faint smile on his face, he said, "I don't know why, but I have a feeling that Luo Zheng will … win until the end! Red Maple, hand over all your belongings! "
"What are you trying to do?!" Red Maple subconsciously covered his Sumeru Ring. The one who had obtained the most rewards from this mission was Red Maple. He had the advantage in terms of speed and movement, and he had also obtained a lot of True Origin Stones after completing the mission.
Hua Tianming stretched his hand out and said, "Nothing much, do you see the signboard over there? The odds are out, Luo Zheng's odds are shockingly high, I want to take a gamble! "
Hua Tianming wasn't a gambler, but he had a feeling that Luo Zheng's luck had always been strong, that's why he wanted to test it out.
"No way!" Red Maple screamed.
"Give it to me!" Hua Tianming said coldly.
"No …"
"Swoosh!"
Hua Tianming's sword once again pressed against Red Maple's neck …