The competition between the Laws of different elements wouldn't be so obvious, but when the Laws of the same element fought, it would be a competition of who had a deeper understanding of the Laws!
Therefore, Bu Chou, who had a weaker understanding of the Laws of Fire, was at a disadvantage.
Bu Chou was after all a Divine Core warrior, and with the help of the Blood Talisman, he had no way to escape. As long as he didn't kill Luo Zheng, he would be crippled for the rest of his life.
Seeing his blood flames being suppressed, Bu Chou bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood onto his blade, causing the blood flames to burn even brighter. The aggressive blade was able to break free from Luo Zheng's Ring of Fire, and it continued slashing towards Luo Zheng.
But too bad, Luo Zheng wasn't made of wood. After going through the Body Strengthening Realm and opening up all his meridians, Luo Zheng was as agile as a monkey. With a twist of his body, he dodged Bu Chou's slash.
After that, Luo Zheng took a light step back. Both of his feet were firmly planted on the ground, and his legs were slightly bent.
Since Bu Chou didn't hit his target with his blade, how could he give up? He chased closely behind Luo Zheng, and slashed out with the Blood Flame Slash.
However, right when he raised his blade, Luo Zheng's legs suddenly exploded with strength, and he closed in on Bu Chou. The strength of his right fist had been completely unleashed.
"Bang! Bang! Bang … … "
One punch, two punches, three punches … …
More than ten punches landed on Bu Chou's waist in a row, and every single punch produced a dull sound. Bu Chou's ribs were broken into pieces.
Even after Luo Zheng had completely retreated, Bu Chou was still clutching his chest, and he stood there like an idiot. His red eyes were staring at Luo Zheng, and his eyes were filled with unwillingness!
After a few breaths of time, Bu Chou finally fell to the ground with a plop.
"Luo Zheng won." Hua Tianming, who was standing at the back of the audience, said with a faint smile on his face.
Seeing this scene, Red Maple let out a long sigh of relief. "That scared me to death. Fortunately, he won. If Luo Zheng lost, I would be bankrupt."
Hua Tianming shook his head. "He's even more powerful than I thought. He's even comprehended the Law of Fire. This guy is really …"
Many people praised Hua Tianming for his monstrous talent, but Hua Tianming now felt that he was not even worth mentioning in front of Luo Zheng!
"I don't know if Luo Zheng has the idea of getting first place, but he definitely has a high possibility of getting into the top ten." Pei Tianyao also said.
During the whole process, Luo Zheng's expression was very indifferent. After Mr. Xiao announced the result, he went forward to draw a card.
"Challenge card! Challenge card! " Luo Zheng thought to himself. When he opened the wooden card, he was overjoyed. He finally got a challenge card! In theory, he could challenge Si Miaoling now!
Luo Zheng just got a challenge card, but he would not use it immediately. It would be too obvious. He needed an opportunity to challenge Si Miaoling!
After putting away the challenge card, Luo Zheng retreated to the side of the independent cultivators' platform as usual and continued to wait.
The following matches were carried out one by one.
The difference in strength between the independent cultivators and the main sect disciples was slowly revealed.
The majority of the independent cultivators were unable to compete with the main sect disciples.
However, there were two independent cultivators who were the dark horse. One was the Extreme Illuminating Soul Ao Xiang, and the other was an independent cultivator called Huangfu Xi.
These two people actually used their absolute strength to overturn the two top geniuses of the Mysterious Yin Mansion and the Black Mountain Sect.
The unique characteristic of these two people was that they were true independent cultivators!
Most of the cultivators who passed the outer selection were from third grade sects. However, Ao Xiang and Huangfu Xi were different. They had climbed up to where they were by relying on their own luck and strength. They didn't have a master to teach them, nor were they trained by any sect.
There were many warriors like this in the Central Domain. However, most of them couldn't climb up to where they were now, because no matter how weak they were, they couldn't even join a second grade sect.
Because of this, warriors who climbed up to where they were on their own were extremely strong. After all, it required a lot of luck to be able to reach the Divine Core realm without any resources.
As for those warriors from third grade sects, they couldn't be considered as independent cultivators. They couldn't be compared with the top disciples from fourth grade sects, and they didn't have the luck and tenacity of independent cultivators. Therefore, their overall strength was at the bottom of the Martial Dao Competition.
When the 33rd match came, Old Man Xiao suddenly announced, "Cloud Hall's Xuanyuan Xiao versus independent cultivator Cui Yun!"
"Cui Yun! The son of Cui Xie, the strongest man in the Central Domain! This is going to be a good show! "
"Cui Yun and Void Spirit Sect's Zong Jie can be considered as the top seeded contestants, right? I think the first and second place of this Martial Dao Competition will be decided between these two! "
"Cloud Hall's Xuanyuan Xiao isn't bad either, I don't think so! As a top fourth grade sect, the Cloud Hall's disciples shouldn't be any weaker than the Void Spirit Sect's disciples, right? "
"Cui Yun?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he looked at Cui Xie's stage. When he saw the young man walking down from the stage, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. Indeed, Cui Yun was Cui Xie's son …
Luo Zheng wasn't interested in Cui Xie's son.
In this Martial Dao Competition, his biggest goal was to kill Si Miaoling, and his second goal was to obtain the Rising Dragon Platform. Whether Cui Xie's son was a dragon or a worm, Luo Zheng wasn't too interested.
After Cui Yun jumped down from the stage, she floated in the air and said to Elder Xiao, "Elder of the World Business Alliance, please wait a moment."
Elder Xiao nodded. He could make an exception for this short period of time.
Cui Xie flew onto the stage of the Cloud Hall. His gaze bypassed most of the Cloud Hall's disciples and landed on Ning Yudie.
Xuanyuan Xiao and the other Cloud Hall's disciples all looked confused, not knowing what Cui Yun wanted to do.
Ning Yudie also looked at Cui Yun strangely and then asked, "You're fighting with my sect's disciples, but you came to the stage of my Cloud Hall. What's the meaning of this?"
Unexpectedly, Cui Yun smiled faintly at Ning Yudie and clapped his hands. "Clap, clap, clap!"
Because he had instilled his True Essence into the three claps, the sound of his three claps spread far and wide. Soon, four people flew over carrying a heavy object. This heavy object was covered with a layer of light red silk, and it was impossible to see what was underneath the silk.
"I have something for the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall." Cui Yun smiled faintly. At this time, the four people had come to his side and put the heavy object on the stage.
The faint layer of ice on Ning Yudie's face dissipated, revealing her beautiful little face. At this moment, she frowned slightly. She didn't understand what Cui Yun was up to. Why would he give her something for no reason?
The people from the other sects, including the Sect Masters, also looked over curiously.
Cui Yun casually pulled the light red silk off. Underneath the silk was a block of ice that exuded a cold aura.
"Arctic Mystic Ice?" Ning Yudie looked at the block of ice and asked.
No wonder it was so strenuous for the four people to carry this block of ice. This Arctic Mystic Ice was very heavy and could not melt all year round. If it was used to make an ice bed, cultivating on it would be twice the result with half the effort! Therefore, it was very useful to Ning Yudie.
However, Arctic Mystic Ice was very precious. This kind of Mystic Ice was only buried deep under the ice layer of the Arctic. The temperature there could almost freeze everything. Even if a False Tribulation Realm expert entered it, he would immediately be frozen into ice. Therefore, an extremely special method was used to excavate Arctic Mystic Ice.
Seeing such a large block of Arctic Mystic Ice, many warriors who cultivated ice-type cultivation techniques could not help but drool. If they could get their hands on this Arctic Mystic Ice, their cultivation speed would be doubled.
However, Cui Yun said, "Although Arctic Mystic Ice is very precious in the eyes of many people, it is too shabby to give it to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!" After saying that, Cui Yun stretched out his index finger and formed a vortex of Quintessential Essence on the surface of his index finger. Then, his index finger gently tapped on the block of Arctic Mystic Ice.
"Crack …"
Under Cui Xie's finger, countless cracks began to appear on the surface of the block of Arctic Mystic Ice. The entire block of Arctic Mystic Ice was constantly disintegrating.
"Ah! Such a complete block of Arctic Mystic Ice was actually shattered by Cui Xie! "
"What a waste. Although his father is the number one person in the Central Domain, he can't be so wasteful, right?"
"It would be better if he gave it to me. I am willing to exchange a hundred years of my life for it!"
Seeing that the Arctic Mystic Ice was directly shattered by Cui Yun, many warriors felt their hearts ache.
However, Cui Yun did not care at all. When the Arctic Mystic Ice was almost completely disintegrated, he stretched out his hand and pushed away the fragments of the Arctic Mystic Ice. Then, a shiny object appeared. However, there were still many fragments of Arctic Mystic Ice around it, so no one could see clearly what it was.