Cui Yun casually brushed aside the shards of the Arctic Mystic Ice and held the shiny object in her hand. She smiled and said, "This is what I want to give to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!"
It was a small golden crown. In Cui Yun's hand, it emitted a dazzling reddish-gold light. What was more eye-catching was the three crystals embedded in it. The three white crystals were not cut into countless sides. Under the faint sunlight, they emitted a faint silver light. On the side of the golden crown, there were three feathers embedded in each.
If this small golden crown was only made from ordinary gold and precious stones, then it would be worthless in the eyes of a martial artist. With just a single true essence stone, one could buy a pile of these things, and they could buy as many as they wanted. Their value was not even a tenth of a small fragment of the Arctic Profound Ice.
However, since Cui Yun sealed this thing in the Arctic Mystic Ice, its value couldn't be lower than the Arctic Mystic Ice!
Most warriors were confused. They didn't recognize this thing.
However, there were many people present. There were bound to be knowledgeable people. Suddenly, someone shouted, "This is Beiyou Palace's Heavenly Feather Saint Crown!"
"Beiyou Palace? Isn't that the force in the Arctic that has been destroyed? "
"Yes, I remember now. I've seen the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown before. It's a saint artifact!"
"Back then, the Saintess of Beiyou Palace was covered in saint artifacts. After she was fully armed, she fought against the four Divine Kingdoms and was defeated and injured! Her set of saint artifacts had all been taken away by the four Divine Nations. Only the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown was missing. The four Divine Nations had practically dug through the entire North Nether Palace, but they still couldn't find the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown. Who would have thought that it would be in Cui Yun's hands? This … is unbelievable! "
Mystic artifacts, spiritual artifacts, immortal artifacts, saint artifacts …
There were many immortal artifacts in the Central Domain. The weapons in the hands of the sect masters were all high-grade immortal artifacts. However, there were very few saint artifacts!
Now, there were only three saint artifacts that were known to everyone in the Central Domain. The Void Spirit Sect's "Heavenly Soul Banner", the World Business Alliance's "Copper Coin of Time", and Cui Xie's "Nameless Commandment Blade".
These sacred artifacts were all known. As for whether or not the others had sacred artifacts, there was no way to know.
A Sacred Artifact was often related to the rise and fall of a sect.
This was because all cultivators believed that the birth of a saint artifact was often accompanied by a great opportunity. A saint artifact contained a great destiny. Even if this saint artifact wasn't used and was placed in a sect to worship it, it would still bring a great destiny to the sect.
For example, the Void Spirit Sect had the Sky Soul Banner. Their Void Spirit Sect had many genius disciples. Every once in a while, many geniuses would pop out. There was no need to talk about the World Business Alliance. Although their hidden forces were not known to outsiders, the World Business Alliance's hidden development over the years was known to all.
As for the Eastern Heretic King Cui Xie, it was even more ridiculous. As an independent martial artist, he had become the strongest person in the Central Domain with his nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade!
Being able to obtain a Sacred Artifact was the dream of many sects. After all, the power of the Sacred Artifact itself was secondary. The key was that the Sacred Artifact could bring luck to the sect!
"Sacred Artifact … Oh my god, this is too extravagant. Why can't I be the son of the Eastern Heretic?!"
"Prodigal, this is too prodigal. She gave away a Sacred Artifact just like that!"
"However, what is the meaning of Cui Yun giving this Sacred Artifact to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall? Has she taken a liking to Ning Yudie? "
The cultivators on the spectator's stand also began to discuss enthusiastically.
Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and the others also frowned as they watched the unforeseen event on the high platform.
Although Cui Yun had no enmity with Hua Tianming and the others, she had a grudge against Luo Zheng! Hua Tianming was very clear about Luo Zheng's obsession. As long as Luo Zheng grew up, there would be a battle between him and Cui Xie … It was just that no one knew when this battle would take place.
Although Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao couldn't help, they were always on Luo Zheng's side. Moreover, Cui Xie himself was both good and evil, and his son wasn't any better. No one knew what he meant by giving this Sacred Artifact to Cui Yun.
Madam Poison Blood, the Sect Master of the Blood Wood Cliff, the Old Man of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, and Hei Ya of the Black Mountain Sect were all very envious. Madam Poison Blood was the most envious of them all. She and Ning Yudie were both women, and she also thought that her appearance and figure weren't inferior to Ning Yudie's. Why did Cui Yun give such a thing to Ning Yudie?
Si Miaoling, who was behind Cui Xie, looked at the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown with an unconvinced expression. Cui Xie didn't give such a good Sacred Artifact to her, but gave it to someone else. Because of this matter, she had argued with Cui Xie.
Cui Yun smiled faintly at Ning Yudie and said, "The Void Spirit Sect is a fifth-grade Sect, and they have their own Sacred Artifact. The World Business Alliance's influence even surpasses that of a fifth-grade Sect. The Cloud Hall is the third largest force in our Central Domain, and a fourth-grade Sect exists. I'm afraid it doesn't make sense that it doesn't have its own Sacred Artifact."
Ning Yudie stared at the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown with her beautiful eyes wide open, and a smile appeared on her face. "A Sacred Artifact is very important to a Sect, and our Cloud Hall also wants to have such a Sacred Artifact. However, why do you need to worry about whether our Cloud Hall has a Sacred Artifact or not? You are not a member of our Cloud Hall, so why did you give me the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown? Isn't it too troublesome for me to hold such a big favor in my hands? "
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Cui Yun smiled slightly and turned to the various Sects with cupped hands. Then, he said to Ning Yudie, "As warriors, we don't pay attention to the complicated formalities of mortals. I want to use the Martial Arts Conference as an opportunity to propose marriage to you!"
Ning Yudie was instantly stunned. She blinked her eyes and asked, "What do you mean?"
Cui Yun's face revealed strong confidence, faintly inheriting his father's domineering aura. "I want you to be my woman!"
"Wow …"
The atmosphere at the scene was once again ignited.
Compared to mortals, cultivators were easily several hundred years old, or even thousands of years old. Marriages between cultivators were not as complicated and did not require a matchmaker to act as a matchmaker. Marriages between cultivators were usually very straightforward.
However, Cui Yun was quite impressive. He actually proposed marriage to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall at the Martial Arts Conference?
Although his father was the number one person in the Central Domain, the gap between Cui Yun and Ning Yudie was not small!
Cui Yun was only a warrior in the middle stage of the Divine Core Realm. He could be considered an expert in the Central Domain, but he could not be considered a peerless expert!
However, Ning Yudie was a warrior in the False Tribulation Realm. Although she cultivated the "Empyrean Maiden Technique" and had to disperse her cultivation and had just entered the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, it would not take long for her to recover to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. She was a top expert in the Central Domain. She might be weaker than Cui Xie, but she was definitely not someone that Cui Yun could match!
When a warrior proposed marriage, he didn't care about status, wealth, matchmakers, or a matchmaker, he only cared about strength!
As a Divine Core warrior, he actually proposed marriage to Ning Yudie who was a False Tribulation Realm warrior. Although he had a Saint Item with him, wasn't his face a little too thick?
Besides, Ning Yudie was the goddess in the hearts of many warriors!
Cui Yun's words of "become my woman" had instantly angered all the warriors in the stands.
"You think all the women in the world are yours because of your father? You're too shameless!"
"A toad lusting after a swan's meat! Ning Yudie is not someone that can be taken away by a Saint Item!"
"What a good plan! Not only did he get Ning Yudie, he also got a top fourth grade Sect's Cloud Hall! Hehe, a Saint Item … this is a good deal!"
Although the strength of these martial artists was very weak, they did have a scale in their hearts. This Cui Yun was too shameless. For a time, all kinds of unpleasant words were spread from the stands.
Perhaps it was because some of the words were really nasty, Cui Yun turned around and said with a cold voice, "What nonsense are you talking about? Do you want to die? "
"So what if I said it? You're shameless! "
"Under the heavens, is there anyone who is better at doing business than you? Do you think we're all idiots? "
"Your father's domineering attitude is reasonable, because your father has the strength to do so! You're domineering my ass! Without your father, who the fuck knows who you are?! "
Although the Eastern Evil King was here as well, most of the warriors were sure that Cui Yun wouldn't dare do anything here. After all, this was the Martial Dao Competition, and Cui Yun and Cui Xie didn't have the guts to kill hundreds of thousands of warriors. The World Business Alliance couldn't sit back and do nothing. Everyone was talking at once, and they weren't afraid of Cui Yun's threat at all.
Ning Yudie chuckled and glanced at Cui Xie. Then, she stared at Cui Yun with a cold expression. "Did your father ask you to do this? Wasn't it enough that you wanted Luo Yan just now? What do you think our Cloud Hall is? And … are you worthy of me? "
Cui Xie had asked once before, and the Cloud Hall didn't want to offend Cui Xie. So, although they were unwilling, they still sent Luo Yan over.