Hearing Ning Yudie's sarcastic words, Cui Yun was neither humble nor overbearing. With a smile on her face, she continued, "Palace Master Ning, are you referring to the gap between our cultivation levels? If that's the case, then I'm indeed not worthy. But, with my Divine rank talent, it's only a matter of time before I step into the Void Tribulation realm. As long as I have enough luck, it's not impossible for me to break through to the Void Tribulation realm. "
"Divine rank talent!"
"That guy is bragging, right? Divine rank talent? When has the Central Domain ever given birth to anyone? "
"According to historical records, no Divine rank genius has ever been born in the Central Domain. Only six Divine rank geniuses were born in the four Divine Kingdoms, and these six Divine rank geniuses all built their own Divine Kingdoms!"
"Seriously? He has such an incredible father, and he also has Divine rank talent? How is he going to survive?!"
Hearing the discussions of the warriors in the stands, Cui Yun's lips curled into an arc, and there was a faint smile on his face.
When Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect heard Cui Yun's words, he quickly said, "Eldest senior brother, eldest senior brother, he said he also has Divine rank talent! Didn't you say Divine rank talent is very precious …? "
Eldest senior brother rolled his eyes, but he didn't say anything. This youngest junior brother of his would never let him have peace of mind.
Actually, eldest senior brother was curious as well. In recent years, many geniuses had emerged from the Central Domain, and it was as if the strength of all the disciples from different sects had improved overnight! In the past, it was rare for any top disciple from different sects to be able to control even a tiny bit of the Laws when they were at the Divine Core realm. But, in recent years, Divine Core warriors were everywhere!
It was as if all the geniuses had emerged overnight.
In the past, a Heaven rank genius would be highly valued by the sect, and a Saint rank genius would only be born once every few decades. But now, there were more than 10 Saint rank geniuses in the Void Spirit Sect, and a Divine rank genius was born as well …
What was going on in the Central Domain? Why did it suddenly become a place filled with heroes?
"Divine rank talent?"
The disciples of the Cloud Hall were not convinced at first, especially Xuanyuan Xiao. They wanted to enter the arena and beat this kid up with one punch!
However, after hearing about God-tier talent, Xuanyuan Xiao suddenly felt powerless.
As a Heaven-grade genius, Xuanyuan Xiao was already a top elite in the Cloud Hall. If Cui Yun had a Saint-grade talent, Xuanyuan Xiao could accept it, but he actually had a God-grade talent!
It was said that those with Divine Tier talent would have the fate of becoming emperors in the future. They would be able to become the top experts of the Great Thousand World and roam the universe!
Could the guy in front of him do it?
"Enough! Cui Yun, this is the Martial Arts Conference. Let's fight in the arena! "Xuanyuan Xiao walked to Cui Yun, stretched out his hand and said," Please! "
Cui Yun turned a blind eye to Xuanyuan Xiao's invitation. She only smiled at Ning Yudie and said, "Lord of the Cloud Hall, please accept my gift!"
With Ning Yudie's temper, she should have scolded this kid and kicked him down. However, as the Lord of the Cloud Hall, she still had to consider the consequences. Cui Xie was already sitting firmly in the West Mountain. As his father, he didn't say a word. However, this matter must have been approved by Cui Xie.
What was this father and son duo up to?
At this moment, laughter suddenly came from below the high platform. "Haha, you tricked my Lord with a Saint-grade weapon? Do you think that I, the Lord of the Cloud Hall, am a child? Do you think I'll go with you just because you give me a candy? No matter how good my wishful thinking is, it's not your way of fighting! "
The person who spoke was Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Cui Yun's face suddenly darkened.
Although those warriors were talking nonsense in the stands, Cui Yun didn't target them. After all, there were too many people. However, no one dared to jump out and speak! After all, whoever jumped out at this time had to consider his identity, probably his father's identity!
"A Saint-grade weapon?" Cui Xie stared at Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Who do you think you are? How dare you talk about a Saint-grade weapon? Have you ever seen one in your life? "
Luo Zheng smacked his lips and shook his head. "I said you were a bumpkin, but you didn't believe me. How can you take out a Saint-grade weapon? And this Saint-grade weapon is just a crown!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng quickly walked towards Ning Yudie. As he walked, he gently tapped the sumeru ring that Ning Yudie gave him. With a flash of light, he took out a protective armor from the ring.
"Little Die, this protective armor is a bit ugly, but it is still a Saint-grade protective armor …" After saying that, Luo Zheng actually walked in front of Ning Yudie and put the protective armor issued by the Dragon Bloodline Clan on Ning Yudie.
When Ning Yudie saw Luo Zheng take out a Body Protecting Treasure Robe, her whole body froze. She didn't even have time to identify the grade of this Body Protecting Treasure Robe before she heard Luo Zheng call her Little Die in front of so many people! Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of anger. Just as she was about to flare up, Luo Zheng actually ran over and put the protective armor on her!
Ning Yudie's body suddenly stiffened …
This was in front of hundreds of thousands of martial artists! Although martial artists didn't care about trifles, and female martial artists were often more open to ordinary people, which disciple of the Cloud Hall dared to put a protective armor on the Hall Master?
However, was this protective armor really a Saint-grade protective armor? She couldn't tell!
However, as soon as Ning Yudie put on this Body Protecting Treasure Robe, ripples of light began to appear on the surface of the robe. These ripples interlocked with each other, forming a small energy shield that wrapped around her whole body!
At the same time, a warm aura was transmitted into Ning Yudie's body. She felt that her physical strength had increased by 40%!
She didn't expect this protective armor to have such an effect! It could definitely be ranked among the Saint-grade!
In that warm wrapping, Luo Zheng's previous offensive behavior seemed to be insignificant. Ning Yudie was very clear about the value of this protective armor …
Defensive magic treasures were always much more valuable than offensive magic treasures!
There were no mid-grade Saint-grade weapons in the Central Domain, but if someone took out a mid-grade Saint-grade weapon to exchange for this protective armor, she definitely wouldn't agree. Only a fool would agree!
"This protective armor … Not bad, it's indeed a Saint-grade treasure." Ning Yudie said with a smile, "It's just a bit ugly, but I can make do with it!"
Ning Yudie's last sentence almost caused many people to fall to the ground …
Listen to her, her words were naturally for Cui Yun to hear.
"It's okay if it's ugly. I'll find you a nicer one in the future," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Plop …"
In the stands, many warriors really fell to the ground.
"It's really a Saint-grade protective armor. Oh my god … The value of this protective armor is probably higher than the Void Spirit Sect's Heavenly Soul Banner, the World Business Alliance's Copper Coin of Time, and Cui Xie's Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade. It's the most valuable treasure in the Central Domain!"
"But that Luo Zheng is so daring? That's too much. Cui Yun is probably going to find a hole to hide in! He'll find a nicer one … Is it so easy to find a Saint-grade weapon? "
"This Luo Zheng is really generous. He actually gave away a Saint-grade weapon just like that …"
"Who the hell is he to Ning Yudie? He's obviously a disciple of the Cloud Hall, but he doesn't seem to listen to Ning Yudie's orders at all. He even called her Xiao Die … What's going on? "
In the midst of everyone's discussion, Cui Yun's face was already ashen.
This guy at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Realm could actually take out a Saint-grade weapon, and it was a protective armor!
Although the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown was a Saint-grade weapon, it was only a crown after all. It could be considered an accessory. In comparison, Luo Zheng's protective armor was much more valuable.
The biggest question was … Who was the one who made this protective armor? Why was it so ugly?
How could he have known that this Saint-grade weapon was the uniform of the Dragon Abyss Palace? It was for the soldiers of the Dragon Abyss Palace to wear, and almost everyone had a piece. This protective armor naturally only cared about its function. How could they pay attention to its appearance?
The three fatso leaders of the General Commerce League exchanged glances with each other, their eyes filled with disbelief …
In fact, the World Business Alliance had more than one Saint-grade weapon. However, outsiders only knew of one, and that was the Copper Coin of Time.
But even the two Saint-grade weapons in the World Business Alliance that had never been seen by the public could not be compared to the protective armor that Luo Zheng gave to Ning Yudie.
＝＝＝＝＝