Treasures like the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown usually had some special effects.
For example, it could increase the power of laws or increase one's cultivation speed while wearing the Heavenly Feather Holy Crown.
For example, the World Business Alliance's Copper Coin of Time contained a trace of the law of time. Wearing the Copper Coin of Time to cultivate would increase one's cultivation by six hours every day!
Don't underestimate these six hours. A cultivator's lifespan was very long. After decades and centuries of accumulation, these six hours would be a lot. The ancient giant of the World Business Alliance also relied on this Copper Coin of Time to maintain such a long lifespan!
However, these effects were not as direct as weapons and defensive equipment.
Weapons directly determined the opponent's life, while defensive equipment determined one's own life.
If one didn't even have one's life, what was the use of piling up a mountain of other Sage artifacts?
On the other hand, a Saint-grade defensive armor could block an opponent's attack, which was equivalent to saving one's life in many cases!
"What's going on with this Luo Zheng? He seems to have endless secrets!" Yan Yueshan couldn't hold back. Among the three alliance masters, he was the most impatient.
Shi Kefan smiled helplessly. "They're really convinced that the Cloud Hall can produce such a person … It seems like the Cloud Hall will definitely become a fifth-grade sect."
These years, the Cloud Hall had been trying to become a fifth-grade sect. The Cloud Hall's foundation was almost complete. Previously, Ning Yudie had appeared. As long as she mastered the "Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra", the chances of her breaking through to the False Tribulation Realm would be very high. After that, the Cloud Hall would basically be able to confirm its status as a fifth-grade sect and be on par with the Void Spirit Sect.
However, Luo Zheng had appeared now. Luo Zheng, who had mastered perfect brush strokes, would definitely become the most powerful runemaster in the Central Domain in the future.
It was fine if he was just a runemaster. After all, runemasters were not cultivators. Although he could be of great help to the Cloud Hall, it was not decisive.
However, this kid had completely mastered the first level of the fire-elemental law …
He was also a body-tempering cultivator. The strength of his physical body was rare in the world …
Now, in order to give Cui Yun a slap in the face, he actually casually took out a Saint-level protective armor …
The three Alliance Masters felt that their thoughts were in a mess. How could such a monstrous fellow be born? What was wrong with this world? Did he no longer belong to the group of False Tribulation Realm experts? Since when did a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist become so famous in the Central Domain?
Moreover, they didn't know what level Luo Zheng's talent was at.
However, Luo Zheng was able to easily defeat an elite disciple of the Blood Wood Cliff with his cultivation at the 4th level of the Divine Reflection Realm. His talent was simply immeasurable! If he could easily defeat a Divine Core warrior when he was still at the Divine Reflection realm, wouldn't that mean he could challenge a False Tribulation warrior after breaking through to the Divine Core realm?
When Madam Poison Blood saw this, she had a complicated expression on her face. Women were always jealous. Although Ning Yudie was a few hundred years younger than her, in the world of cultivators, age was never a problem.
She was also a Sect Master from a 4th rank Sect, but there was someone who was fighting to give her a Saint-level item. This made Madam Poison Blood go crazy with jealousy. She felt even worse than when Luo Zheng defeated her Blood Wood Cliff's disciple!
As for Cui Xie, he was also looking at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. He was even more puzzled.
"This young man called Luo Zheng, he looks familiar, very familiar … but I can't remember where I've seen him before!" Cui Xie was after all the strongest man in the Central Domain. He had a strong mentality. Even though Luo Zheng had slapped his son's face with a Saint-level item, he didn't feel angry at all.
He just couldn't remember where he had seen Luo Zheng before, and that was why he was so puzzled.
As for Cui Yun, he was tightly holding onto the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown in his hand. The dazzling light from the Saint Crown was reflected in his eyes, and it looked so ironic. He suddenly felt that the Heavenly Feather Saint Crown in his hand was burning hot, and he didn't know if he should throw it away or not …
If he threw it away, it would make Cui Yun look petty. Besides, it was a Saint-level item, how could he throw it away? If he didn't throw it away, he would have to face endless ridicule. So, this was something that was nothing in the eyes of others, but Cui Yun treated it as a treasure and kept it as a treasure. This was too shameful!
In the end, a smile emerged on Cui Yun's face. He said in a self-mocking tone, "Since the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall doesn't want to accept it, I'll give it up for now. In the future, when my strength increases, I hope I'll be able to receive the Palace Master's favor. I, Cui Yun, am extremely lucky!"
"Good! You're indeed my son. You're neither servile nor overbearing. You can endure humiliation and make progress! "Cui Xie suddenly said with a smile. His calm voice drilled into everyone's ears. His words could be considered to have saved Cui Yun's face.
In fact, it was obviously a slap in the face for failing to propose marriage, but in Cui Xie's words, it seemed to have become a humiliating and inspirational matter. He almost said, "A real man doesn't have to worry about not having a wife" …
"Father, what your son wants to do is to surpass you. If I can't even bear this small matter, how can I surpass you?" A confident smile appeared on Cui Yun's face again. Then he jumped up and stood firmly on the arena. He said to Xuanyuan Xiao, "Then, let's get down to business. Xuanyuan Xiao, let's continue the battle!"
Although Cui Yun's face was full of smiles, when his eyes moved to Luo Zheng, there was a trace of viciousness in the depths of his eyes. Cui Yun had never been a magnanimous person.
However, with Luo Zheng's strength, if he challenged Luo Zheng face to face, it would be a humiliation for him. A Divine Core genius, and a Divine Core genius at that, challenging a Fourth Level Divine Reflection Realm disciple? What kind of Divine Core genius would he be?
Although he couldn't challenge Luo Zheng face to face, it didn't mean he would let go of Luo Zheng. Cui Yun was startled, and a murderous intent emerged in his heart. Luo Zheng had to die in the Martial Dao Competition!
However, Cui Yun didn't expect that Luo Zheng was thinking the same thing. He was going to use the challenge token in his hand on Cui Yun.
If he challenged Si Miaoling directly, it would definitely arouse Cui Xie's suspicion. It was highly possible that Cui Xie was already suspecting his identity. Cui Yun just hoped that Cui Xie wouldn't connect the dots.
If Luo Zheng defeated Cui Yun, then challenged Si Miaoling, it would make sense. As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and someone who had a conflict with Cui Xie, it was understandable that he would challenge Si Miaoling. Moreover, because he had defeated Cui Yun, Si Miaoling might even challenge him!
This was the biggest reason why Luo Zheng chose to stand out.
However, Ning Yudie obviously didn't think too deeply about it. Her face was completely covered by the icy mist. Right now, she was leaning against a large chair, and a puzzled look could be seen in her eyes … This guy, how many secrets did he have? Even though she was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, she couldn't see through him at all.
Xuanyuan Xiao of the Cloud Hall had long been unhappy with Cui Yun. When he saw Cui Yun standing in the arena, he also jumped down!
Right at the instant Xuanyuan Xiao stood on the battle arena, a strange scene appeared. With Xuanyuan Xiao as the center, circle after circle of ripples spread out! It was as if the entire arena was filled with water!
"It's the power of the Water Law. Xuanyuan Xiao's main cultivation method is the Water Law! He seems to have comprehended 60% of the Water Law! "
"It was really worth coming to this Martial Arts Conference. Most of the warriors have comprehended the Power of Law!"
"What about Cui Yun? What kind of cultivation method is he cultivating? "
Cui Yun's expression was very calm as she stared at Xuanyuan Xiao indifferently. Her thoughts weren't on Xuanyuan Xiao at all.
In her eyes, Xuanyuan Xiao's strength was simply not worth mentioning. In this Martial Arts Conference, the only person who was a threat to her was Zong Jie of the Void Spirit Sect. As for the others … they were just a joke.
Zeng!
Xuanyuan Xiao drew his sword and pointed the light blue sword at Cui Yun. "Cui Yun, draw your sword!"
Although Luo Zheng had just helped the Cloud Hall regain some face, Cui Yun shamelessly boasted and actually asked Ning Yudie to be his woman. This was intolerable. In the eyes of the Cloud Hall disciples, it was absolutely unforgivable.
Cui Yun indifferently sized up Xuanyuan Xiao's sword as if it didn't exist at all.
However …
A moment ago, his expression was as calm as water. The next moment, a ruthless aura surged to his somewhat handsome face.
He was already extremely unhappy in his heart, but Xuanyuan Xiao still dared to provoke him.