He had already comprehended 80% of the law of wind, and he didn't know that he was cultivating a wind-type cultivation method. He had also mastered another type of law, which meant that he was cultivating two types of laws at the same time!
However, Cui Yun wasn't interested in showing off her achievements in the law. Cui Yun only had one goal at the moment, and that was to vent.
Seeing Cui Yun rushing over like a wild beast, Xuanyuan Xiao's expression changed. He tapped the ground with his sword and raised his wrist.
"Waterspout!"
"Whoosh whoosh …"
A waterspout suddenly emerged from the ground of the arena and rushed toward Cui Yun.
The waterspout rotated extremely quickly. Even a city wall would be destroyed in an instant by this waterspout. However, Cui Yun didn't stop at all, nor did she have any intention of dodging. She actually rushed toward the waterspout.
The moment Cui Yun touched the waterspout, Cui Yun crossed her hands and began to attack the waterspout.
The waterspout, which contained a great impact, couldn't withstand a single blow from Cui Yun. Cui Yun braved the impact of the waterspout and went straight for Xuanyuan Xiao.
"Die!"
Cui Yun grabbed at Xuanyuan Xiao.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Xiao stomped his foot and another water ripple spread out. The moment the water ripple spread, it actually pushed Cui Yun back. Cui Yun's grab missed, but she didn't react to Xuanyuan Xiao's trick at all. She grabbed at Xuanyuan Xiao again.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Xiao rolled on the ground and dodged Cui Yun's grab.
After getting up, Xuanyuan Xiao held his sword horizontally. He held the sword with one hand and the hilt with the other. He closed his eyes and muttered, "With the power of the sea god, give it to my body. With the thought of purifying water, attach it to my will …"
"There's no chance." Cui Yun's expression was calm. A gentle breeze blew, and her figure had already floated in front of Xuanyuan Xiao. She reached out and grabbed at him. "Die!"
Haste makes waste. Cui Yun didn't fight Xuanyuan Xiao seriously at all. She only wanted to torture Xuanyuan Xiao to death to vent her dissatisfaction.
However, Xuanyuan Xiao was a top disciple of the Cloud Hall. He wasn't as weak as Cui Yun thought.
Facing Cui Yun's grab, Xuanyuan Xiao's sword bounced back!
Even if Cui Yun was much stronger than Xuanyuan Xiao, she wasn't Luo Zheng. She didn't have such an abnormal physique. Cui Yun wouldn't catch Xuanyuan Xiao's sword with her bare hands.
Cui Yun could only retreat.
However, Cui Yun's retreat didn't mean that she gave up on the attack. After dodging Xuanyuan Xiao's sword, a powerful wind wrapped around Cui Yun. Then, her figure disappeared in the wind.
"Wind Barrier!"
Only when one had a certain level of understanding of the law of wind could they use the Wind Barrier and hide their figure in the wind.
How could Xuanyuan Xiao not know that the danger was in the wind?
He pointed his sword at the ground and drew a circle. When the tip of the sword left the ground, the ripples on the ground began to spread.
After the ripples spread, Xuanyuan Xiao saw many water ripples floating to his right.
"Over here, break!"
Xuanyuan Xiao swung his sword, but right at this moment, a voice sounded out in his ears. "You've guessed wrong. Besides … I'm not interested in playing hide and seek with you."
When he heard the voice, Xuanyuan Xiao immediately leapt to the right. But, it was too late, Cui Yun's grab had arrived.
"Slash!"
Although Xuanyuan Xiao had pulled away from Cui Yun in time, half of his arm was still sliced into pieces by the tiny wind blades in Cui Yun's hand. Half of his arm was now crippled!
Those who were able to break through to the Divine Core realm were all men with strong minds. Xuanyuan Xiao had experienced countless dangers in his life. Enduring the intense pain coming from his arm, he quickly retreated and started swinging his sword with his other hand.
"Huff … huff …"
Another gust of wind blew past. Before Xuanyuan Xiao could raise his sword, Cui Yun had arrived in front of Xuanyuan Xiao. Once again, she grabbed at Xuanyuan Xiao.
"Clang!"
Xuanyuan Xiao's sword fell to the ground, and both of his arms were crippled.
"Is there any use in struggling?" With a grin on her face, Cui Yun raised both of her hands. Green wind blades started shooting out from her wrists. "I don't want to play anymore, you can die now!" After that, she slapped at Xuanyuan Xiao.
Killing wasn't forbidden in the Martial Dao Competition, but only if the opponent didn't admit defeat.
The reason why Luo Zheng was being so careful was because he didn't want to alert Si Miaoling. If Si Miaoling found out that he wanted to kill her, his plan would be ruined once she admitted defeat.
Cui Yun was in the same situation. She didn't want to give Xuanyuan Xiao the chance to admit defeat. Therefore, after crippling both of Xuanyuan Xiao's arms, she immediately unleashed her killing strike.
Right at this critical moment, Xuanyuan Xiao clenched his teeth and bit his tongue, burning his own blood essence.
While burning his blood essence, he circulated his True Yuan and formed several dark-blue water curtains around him, blocking Cui Yun.
"Break!"
These dark-blue water curtains couldn't even withstand a single blow from Cui Yun. They shattered with just a swipe of Cui Yun's hand, but they were still effective in slowing down Cui Yun's attack.
Right at this moment, Xuanyuan Xiao had finally won himself a chance. He pulled away from Cui Yun and retreated to the edge of the arena.
"I admit defeat!"
Hearing Xuanyuan Xiao's words, Elder Xiao removed the light curtain barrier and came in front of Xuanyuan Xiao.
At this time, Cui Yun obviously hadn't vented enough. She rushed over in front of Elder Xiao and said with a grim smile, "In the Martial Arts Conference, life and death are up to fate. How can you admit defeat?" She still wanted to kill Xuanyuan Xiao.
"Enough." Elder Xiao's face darkened and he stood in front of Cui Yun.
After all, Elder Xiao was a master of the False Tribulation Realm. Cui Yun couldn't challenge Elder Xiao at a higher level, so she could only give up. He was so angry that he couldn't even kill Xuanyuan Xiao. His stomach was burning with more and more anger.
"Well, both sides leave the arena and wait for the next challenge. Cui Yun, go and draw a card!" Elder Xiao's mustache twitched. Even if Cui Yun was Cui Xie's son, he couldn't break the rules of the Martial Arts Conference!
Cui Yun suppressed the anger in her heart. When she heard Elder Xiao asking her to draw a card, her eyes lit up. If she drew a challenge card, she could directly challenge Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Cui Yun went over and began to draw a card. After drawing a wooden card, she turned it over and saw the words "Avoid Battle" written on it.
"Crack …"
The Avoid Battle card was instantly crushed by Cui Yun. Cui Yun didn't need the Avoid Battle card at all!
Then Cui Yun returned to the high platform without looking back.
Cui Xie looked at his son's angry face and smiled. "You still can't control your anger."
"Dad, didn't you tell me not to control myself!" Cui Yun said gloomily.
Everyone's heart of martial arts was different. Some people were calmer, the stronger their strength would be, while some people were angrier, the better their strength would be. This was the type of heart of martial arts.
Cui Xie and Cui Yun, father and son, could exert their full strength when they were angry.
Cui Xie shook his head and said, "The anger I'm talking about can be your motivation, but you've poured anger into your mind, and it has become your resistance. You need to know how to be angry, and how to use anger …"
"Dad, you're right." Cui Yun nodded.
Cui Yun had made up her mind. No matter whether she could be matched with Luo Zheng or not, as long as she drew the first challenge card, she would challenge Luo Zheng.
Who knew that just as Elder Xiao was preparing for the next battle, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted, "Wait!"
Ning Yudie also looked at Luo Zheng in confusion. Although this guy had returned to the high platform of the Cloud Hall, he seemed to be thinking about something.
Elder Xiao asked, "What's the matter?"
"I want to use the challenge card!" Luo Zheng said loudly.
"Who do you want to challenge?" Elder Xiao and Ning Yudie asked almost at the same time.
Everyone also focused on Luo Zheng. He was the first person to use the challenge card in the Martial Arts Competition. They didn't know who Luo Zheng wanted to challenge.
Could it be that he wanted to challenge Si Miaoling? Ning Yudie frowned and thought.
Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect looked very eager. "Pick me, pick me!" Xiao Jie had been waiting for so long, but it was not his turn to fight. He was very depressed.
"I want to challenge the independent warrior, Cui Yun!" Luo Zheng took out the challenge card in his hand and pointed to the high platform where the East Evil King was.
"Challenge me?" Cui Yun was slightly stunned. She just wanted to get the challenge card and kill Luo Zheng! She didn't expect that before this idea disappeared, Luo Zheng would challenge himself.
Do I look weak? Why do you dare to challenge me?