When they heard that Luo Zheng was going to challenge Cui Yun, all the warriors on the spectator stand were startled.
Luo Zheng's performance in the previous two matches was indeed amazing.
Body refining skill, Law of Fire …
It was impossible for a guy at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm to possess such powerful abilities.
But, this kind of thing always happened. Not only did Luo Zheng defeat Gongsun Zhen from the Gongsun family, he also defeated Bu Qiu from the Blood Wood Cliff. Two wins in two matches, this wasn't just a matter of luck, it was enough to prove that Luo Zheng's strength was indeed comparable to a Divine Core warrior.
No matter if they were willing to admit it or not, this was the truth.
"I admit that Luo Zheng is amazing, a Divine Reflection warrior challenging a Divine Core warrior … this hasn't happened for many years, but he actually challenged Cui Yun!"
"He's courting death, but that has nothing to do with us."
"Cui Yun didn't even use her full strength in the previous match, but she still crushed Xuanyuan Xiao from the Cloud Hall like a dog! Luo Zheng? I think he's just a joke in front of Cui Yun. "
When they heard Luo Zheng's challenge, all the disciples from the Cloud Hall had their eyes lit up.
Xuanyuan Xiao was the strongest amongst all the Divine Core disciples, and his strength was on par with Zong Mo Xie. Just now, Xuanyuan Xiao was brutally crushed by Cui Yun, and he was nearly killed by Cui Yun! As disciples from the Cloud Hall, how could they not be angry?
But, being angry was useless. This was how cultivators were, if they were weaker than others, they would only be stepped on.
Xuanyuan Xiao swallowed a healing pill to receive treatment. When he heard that Luo Zheng wanted to challenge Cui Yun, a trace of light bloomed in his eyes. At the same time, there was a flicker of worry.
Luo Zheng, could he be Cui Yun's match?
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng and hesitated for a moment before asking, "Are you … confident?"
Luo Zheng turned to look at Ning Yudie and smiled confidently. "Why not?"
Seeing his smile, Ning Yudie's heart warmed up and she actually started to jump. A person's most charming moment was when he was full of confidence.
Even in the face of a strong opponent like Cui Yun, Luo Zheng didn't show the slightest bit of fear …
After Luo Zheng left the high platform, Ning Yudie faintly said, "Perhaps you really can assassinate Si Miaoling. If Cui Xie makes a move, I will do my best to help you …"
In the stands, Red Maple's mouth was wide open. He stared at Luo Zheng, who had just stepped into the arena. After a while, he said, "He, he really wants to challenge Cui Yun."
Pei Tianyao's expression was calm as he faintly said, "It would be strange if he didn't challenge Cui Yun."
Hua Tianming nodded. Luo Zheng had created too many miracles. Back in the Blue Cloud Sect, who could have imagined that Luo Zheng could win first place?
Therefore, Hua Tianming once again walked towards the betting area.
"What are you going to do?" Red Maple turned into a gust of wind and blocked in front of Hua Tianming.
"I'm going to bet all the money I just won on Luo Zheng," Hua Tianming said faintly.
Just now, Luo Zheng defeated Bu Qiu, which was already an upset. They had already made a lot of money from that round.
"All the money I have! No, at least give me back my capital! "Red Maple begged.
"Get out of the way," Hua Tianming was too lazy to pay attention to Red Maple.
"No!" Red Maple straightened his neck again.
"Get out of the way!"
"No …"
"Whoosh —"
The snow-white long sword was pressed against Red Maple's neck. Red Maple could only obediently move aside.
In fact, based on strength alone, Hua Tianming was not optimistic about Luo Zheng. However, based on Hua Tianming's understanding of Luo Zheng, that kid never did anything he was not confident in. No matter how unfavorable the situation seemed to be to him, it was still under his control in the end.
Therefore, Hua Tianming was going to bet on this round.
Because the difference in strength between Luo Zheng and Cui Yun was too great, the betting odds set by the banker were shockingly high. Of course, the vast majority of martial artists bet on Cui Yun.
Although these martial artists did not like Cui Yun, her strength was obvious. If they bet on Luo Zheng, they would probably have to throw their true origin stones into the river.
Luo Zheng stepped into the arena and glanced at Cui Yun indifferently. Before he spoke, Cui Yun spoke first.
"Your courage is worthy of my admiration," Cui Yun said with a smile. "However, courage is based on strength. Your strength is not enough, but you still dare to challenge me. In fact, this is not a kind of courage. This is called recklessness and sloppiness."
Hearing Cui Yun's words, Luo Zheng said faintly, "I can see that you are very confident, but your confidence is not based on strength. This is called blind arrogance!"
Being refuted by Luo Zheng's sharp words, Cui Yun's expression froze slightly. Then she sneered and said, "Interesting, really interesting. At this time, you still dare to be so glib … Do you really have this strength, or are you just putting up a brave front?"
"Just take it that I'm putting up a brave front," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
"Then I'll see how long you can put up a brave front." After that, Cui Yun pulled out the blade in her hand. It was a simple and unadorned Buddhist Commandment Blade that looked very ordinary.
"Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade! That's Cui Xie's blade! It's also a Divine Weapon! "
"This nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade accompanied Cui Xie throughout the Central Domain. I didn't expect that he would pass it on to his son in the end!"
"If it weren't for Luo Zheng's protective armor, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade should be one of the best Divine Weapons in the Central Domain, right?"
Cui Yun pulled out the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in her hand and waved it gently. There was a strange fluctuation in the air, as if this Buddhist Commandment Blade could blend into the air.
"I won't make a mistake this time. Just now, Xuanyuan Xiao from your Cloud Hall was lucky enough to escape. This time, I won't give you a chance to admit defeat." After that, a foot-long wind blade appeared beside Cui Yun, and then the wind blade continuously wrapped around her.
Cui Yun's wind blade was a little strange. There was a faint silver light on the edge of the wind blade, as if the invisible wind blade was plated with a layer of blade.
"Hmm? The second kind of Law Power? That's the Law of Gold … "Looking at Cui Yun's wind blade, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly." He fused two kinds of laws? "
Qinglong snorted coldly. "Fuse my ass. This is just a clever method of embedding two kinds of laws together. You can do it too! Do you think it's so easy to fuse laws? I'm afraid no one in your Great Wide World can fuse laws! "
"Embedding two kinds of laws together, that's a good method," Luo Zheng nodded his head.
Because of Qinglong's explanation, Luo Zheng didn't pay too much attention to Cui Yun's usage of the two kinds of laws. But, those warriors were different.
"Everyone, look! The Law of Gold! Cui Yun has comprehended 70% of the Law of Gold as well! No, I think he has comprehended 80% of the Law of Gold! "
"Comprehending two kinds of laws at the Divine Core realm, how monstrous is he? My heart … "
"Is he fusing laws together? This is the first time I've seen someone use two kinds of laws at the same time! Even if Luo Zheng has mastered the complete Law of Fire, I don't think he can defend against Cui Yun's attack! "
Hearing those words, Luo Zheng smiled. A gust of wind began to blow around him …
The howling wind kept wrapping around him, and at the same time, countless golden beams emerged from his body. Every time a wind blade appeared, it would be embedded with a golden beam.
Not long after that, golden glowing wind blades began to dance around Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's wind blades looked more plump than Cui Yun's wind blades, and their golden glows were even more dazzling than Cui Yun's silver glows! Luo Zheng said to Qinglong in his mind, "It's just as you said, it's not difficult at all. This isn't a fusion of laws, it's just embedding two kinds of laws together. But, it seems like the power of the two kinds of laws will increase a lot."
Most of the warriors couldn't react to what was happening.
"Doesn't Luo Zheng cultivate a Fire elemental skill?"
"Can someone tell me what this is? Why does it look so similar to the wind blades on Cui Yun's body? Can he copy others? "
"Although I don't believe it myself … but let me tell you, what's floating around Luo Zheng's body is the complete Law of Wind, and the complete Law of Metal!"
Hearing this, most of the warriors fell silent.
The complete Law of Fire, the complete Law of Wind, and the complete Law of Metal …
How did Luo Zheng do it?
"Can anyone tell me how he managed to comprehend so many Laws? Furthermore, all of them are complete!" Just as everyone was silent, an unknown cultivator suddenly shouted. His voice was particularly ear-piercing when it reached the ears of many cultivators.
＝＝＝＝＝