Cui Yun was a god-level genius, but she had only comprehended two types of Law Powers, and she had only comprehended about eighty percent of each type.
However, Luo Zheng had actually comprehended three types of Law Powers! Moreover, all three types of Law Powers were complete!
Cultivators had different affinities with each type of Law. Some people had a strong affinity with the Wind Element Law, while others had a weaker affinity with the Fire Element Law. Therefore, under normal circumstances, cultivators would only comprehend one type of Law Powers.
In the Central Domain, there were no more than twenty geniuses who could comprehend two types of Law Powers.
Therefore, many cultivators were shocked by Cui Yun's two types of Law Powers. As expected of a god-level genius who could cultivate both the Wind Element Law and the Metal Element Law at the same time.
However, they never expected that Luo Zheng had completely replicated Cui Yun's Law Powers … and used both the West Wind Element Law and the Metal Element Law at the same time …
In the beginning, Luo Zheng had clearly used the Fire Element Law, so everyone thought that Luo Zheng majored in a fire-element cultivation method. However, when he suddenly did this, many cultivators could not accept it. This was too exaggerated!
"It's the Rising Dragon Arena, right …" Shi Kefan guessed as he looked at the Law Powers on Luo Zheng's body.
"I think so too. This kid must have obtained a great opportunity after entering the Rising Dragon Arena. It's very difficult to find complete Law Powers in the Central Domain, so he most likely obtained them from the Rising Dragon Arena. However, it's not easy to comprehend three types of Law Powers in the Upper Realm … This kid's talent is not simple," Mo Haishan, who had been silent all this time, said lightly.
Among the three Alliance Masters, Shi Kefan was the most astute and tactful, Yan Yueshan was the most hot-tempered, and Mo Haishan was the most taciturn. Mo Haishan, who was known as the "Silent October," could not help but speak up.
After hearing Mo Haishan's words, the three of them looked at the Rising Dragon Arena not far away in unison. They also wanted to know what Luo Zheng had encountered on the Rising Dragon Arena.
The greatest reason why Luo Zheng was able to obtain such fortuitous encounters in the upper world was because of the azure dragon. The reason why he could comprehend the nine Laws was because of the baptism of the Laws, allowing his affinity with the various Laws to reach perfection.
If one ignored the Law Baptism, even the god-level geniuses in the Central Domain could only comprehend two or three types of Law Powers. This was why the Dragon Abyss Palace valued Luo Zheng!
Elder Xiao's eyes... four types of Law Powers..................... when........................ four types.................
Elder Xiao hadn't paid much attention to Luo Zheng's attack, and Luo Zheng's attack had only lasted for an instant. Elder Xiao hadn't had time to determine how much power of law Luo Zheng's attack had contained. However, to be able to change the color of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone for an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng had most likely fully grasped the first level of the Thunder Law.
. Four types of Law Powers... Did this kid comprehend all the Laws?
Cui Yun held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade and looked at the golden wind blade on Luo Zheng's body with a serious expression. There was a hint of madness in his eyes. "So that's how it is … I've underestimated you. This is your confidence! Haha! "
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
Cui Yun gently waved the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber in his hand. Ripples appeared on the saber's blade, as though space itself was about to be sliced apart by the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber. "You are too naive and childish if you wish to challenge me with just the power of laws!"
The origin of Cui Xie's nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was very mysterious. Countless people had died under this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, but no one knew the origin of this blade.
"Then I'll show you the terrifying power of a divine weapon!" As the light curtain gradually dissipated, Cui Yun pointed the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade at Luo Zheng. "Even the Law Powers can't make up for the gap between our cultivation!"
After saying that, Cui Yun held the Buddhist Commandment Blade horizontally. A quaint light flashed on the blade. Then her figure flashed and disappeared in the wind almost without warning.
Luo Zheng's eyes focused. Almost at the moment when Cui Yun disappeared, he pulled out his sword!
The sword was pulled out from the Sumeru Ring.
It was a very simple sword. It looked like a three-foot iron sword that had just been tempered. The light on the blade was not shining, and there were no special decorative patterns on it.
But Luo Zheng pulled out such a sword and casually stretched out his hand above him.
"Clang!"
There was a sound of gold and iron colliding.
After blocking the sword, Luo Zheng gently stabbed the long sword in a certain direction in the air. There was another clang.
As soon as he stabbed the sword, Luo Zheng once again chopped horizontally in a certain direction to the left. There was another clang.
A figure retreated from the wind and staggered back a few steps. Cui Yun's face was slightly pale. Holding the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in her hand, she stared at the iron sword in Luo Zheng's hand like an eagle's. "Is this sword also a divine weapon?"
Luo Zheng gently shook the iron sword in his hand and asked with a smile, "What do you think? I've already said that your crown is common goods … "
Cui Yun had just planned to kill Luo Zheng directly with the power of the divine weapon! With the sharpness of the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in her hand, Luo Zheng could not block it at all!
But she never expected that Luo Zheng would suddenly take out another divine weapon. The three swords she hid in the wind were easily intercepted by Luo Zheng. Moreover, the third sword was actually Luo Zheng's initiative, and Cui Yun had no choice but to defend against it!
"How did you find me?" Cui Yun's body movement was very strange and was very good at hiding, but it was useless against Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng would never tell Cui Yun that his soul had already stepped into the War Soul Realm. The strength of his soul was many times stronger than his. It was too easy to find Cui Yun. He just smiled faintly and said, "It was Feng 'er who betrayed you …"
As the two of them exchanged words, the warriors on the high platform were boiling again.
"Did you see that? This Luo Zheng is really rich! He took out another divine weapon in the blink of an eye, and it's a sword!"
"A sect doesn't even have a Saint Weapon, but this kid has a Saint Rank protective armor and a Saint Rank sword … Did he rob some Divine Nation's treasury?"
"God knows how he did it! Daddy wants to rob him anyway! No matter what, I'm sure he has found some great fortune, and if I can get my hands on it, I'll be able to travel freely in the Central Domain! "
"Rob Luo Zheng? How dare you say that? Look, he's a Divine Reflection warrior, but how can any ordinary Divine Core warrior be his match? Besides, he's also a disciple of the Cloud Hall! "
Cui Yun's expression became gloomy, but soon, a smile emerged on his face. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so difficult to deal with.
Originally, Cui Yun wasn't interested in the Martial Dao Competition. The only person who was worthy of his attention was that guy from the Void Spirit Sect, Little Jie, who was also a Divine Realm warrior like himself. But now that he had bumped into Luo Zheng, his fighting spirit was boiling!
"A little Divine Reflection warrior is worthy of my attention? It's embarrassing, but I have to admit, you do have the qualifications!"
With a crazy smile on his face, Cui Yun gently touched the nameless monk's blade with his finger …
The blade of the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was suddenly stained with blood …
On the high platform, Cui Xie who was sitting on a chair suddenly stood up and shouted, "Yun 'er!"
Cui Yun turned to his father and smiled, "Dad, I know what I'm doing."
Cui Xie furrowed his brows, then slowly sat back down. In Cui Xie's opinion, Luo Zheng wasn't qualified enough for Cui Yun to activate the nameless monk's blade's ability.
However, Cui Yun and Cui Xie had different thoughts. Cui Yun's goal was to kill Luo Zheng with all his strength, he didn't want to give Luo Zheng any chance to turn the situation around!
"Buzz …"
When Cui Yun's blood flowed along the blade and seeped into the patterns on the blade, the nameless monk's blade was covered with a layer of killing intent.
"Drip …"
The blood circled around the nameless monk's blade, then dripped onto the stage. However, the blood didn't seep into the cracks on the stage.
The drops of blood seemed to have grown legs as they kept crawling on the ground. Finally, they gathered together and formed a rune made of blood.
After a while, a hand stretched out from the rune, followed by a shoulder, then a head, a body, and a pair of legs …
A monster made entirely of blood appeared in front of everyone. The monster had two horns on its head, a hunched body, and a blade-like tail on its back. It stood on the spot, exuding an endless evil aura.