According to legends, the Yellow Spring River was a river that led to hell.
If a person had committed a grave sin, he or she would be burned by the flames of sin, and flow into hell through the Yellow Spring River.
As for what sin was, no one in the Central Domain knew.
Hell, sin, Yellow Spring, reincarnation … these things were just like the immortals and gods in the upper realm. For the warriors in the Central Domain, they were all mysteries that were hard to understand. Only a few words were passed down, and they formed into legends.
Some people thought that sin was actually very similar to killing intent, but killing intent would appear when a person was alive. Killing too many people, killing too many people, would cause one's killing intent to become very strong.
However, sins would only appear before one's death.
When a person was dragged into the Yellow Spring River by sin, he or she would encounter a Yellow Spring Yaksha, a ghost born from the abyss of hell.
"This nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade can summon a Yellow Spring Yaksha, no wonder it's a Saint Item." Luo Zheng raised his brows, and a serious expression emerged on his face.
However, he had no idea what effect the iron sword in his hand had.
When a weapon reached the level of an Immortal Item, it would usually come with some special and powerful effects. For example, some Immortal Items could ignore all defenses, and some Immortal Items contained Immortal Skills.
Too bad, when the Dragon Pool Palace gave him this iron sword and protective armor, they didn't tell him anything. Perhaps, for the Dragon Pool Palace, a standard equipment like this wasn't worth mentioning, so there was no need to explain. Or perhaps, this iron sword only had the strength of a Saint Item, and didn't come with any special effects.
Luo Zheng didn't have too much hope that everyone in the Dragon Pool Palace could have this equipment.
"So what if you've comprehended three Laws? If you've broken through to the Divine Core realm, I might really be no match for you. Too bad … you won't have that chance anymore, you're going to die in this fight! "
Cui Yun didn't give Luo Zheng too much time to think. With a sway of her body, she took a step forward and floated towards Luo Zheng.
When Cui Yun launched her attack, the Yellow Spring Yaksha summoned by Cui Yun's blood roared out as well. It crawled on the ground and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
"Two against one?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Me too!"
Facing Cui Yun's attack, Luo Zheng's mind flickered, and spots of red light shot out from his body. That was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit!
The red light instantly condensed into a perfect woman. Every inch of her skin was as delicate as a baby's, and every proportion of her body was in the golden ratio. It was as if there was no such perfect woman in this world.
"Shua!"
At the instant Yao Ye charged out, a huge sword shot out from Luo Zheng's spatial ring as well. Yao Ye and Luo Zheng's minds were linked, or perhaps it could be said that Yao Ye was completely under Luo Zheng's control. So, their cooperation was perfect.
Yao Ye's slender fingers gripped the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword and slapped it down.
"Boom!"
The Netherworld Yaksha was sent flying by the giant sword like a rubber ball, crashing heavily into the barrier above the arena.
All the other cultivators were speechless when they witnessed this scene.
"Why is there another beauty in the arena? Why is she even waving such a huge sword!?"
"A Netherworld Yaksha wouldn't be so weak. He was blasted flying with a single swing of the sword. Is he really a Netherworld Yaksha?"
"It isn't that the Netherworld Yaksha is weak, it's that woman who's too ferocious …."
Cui Yun had intended to split up and take Luo Zheng's life, but the Netherworld Yaksha was much faster than her. Never had she expected that it would be blasted flying by a single swing of the sword. At this moment, even Cui Yun was stunned.
"Who's that woman? Why does Luo Zheng have so many tricks up his sleeve!? " At this instant, Cui Yun's Martial Dao Heart even shook. However, she was a god rank genius after all, so her confidence wasn't so easily crushed. So, she instantly recovered her composure.
The Netherworld Yaksha wasn't so easy to deal with. At the very least, it couldn't be killed by brute force alone!
So, Cui Yun only had to concentrate on dealing with Luo Zheng.
"Wind Slayer!"
Cui Yun slashed down with her saber. At the same time, thousands of silver wind blades were produced. From a distance, Cui Yun looked like a monster with sharp teeth, biting at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng remained motionless, like a lighthouse facing the raging waves. He held the iron sword in his hand horizontally and used the defensive stance of the Basic Swordsmanship. "Sword Stance!"
Countless wind blades also appeared around his body, but these wind blades were golden in color.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang …"
The wind blades of the two people cut each other. Because of the integration of the Law of Gold, the sound of metal clashing was constantly emitted.
The sound of thousands of wind blades cutting each other merged together and eventually formed a long buzzing sound, as if a steel monster was grinding its teeth.
This strange sound was very uncomfortable to the ears, as if it was going to burst their eardrums.
Even people at the level of Ning Yudie and Madam Poison Blood couldn't help but frown. Most of the warriors had already covered their ears. It was too uncomfortable.
Cui Yun's saber didn't break Luo Zheng's defense. Her figure floated slightly like a fairy flying in the sky. Her body danced in the air at an incredible angle, and she slashed at Luo Zheng again.
"Sky Piercing Slash!"
It had to be said that although Luo Zheng's understanding of the Law of West Wind was deeper than Cui Yun's, he wasn't as skilled as Cui Yun.
After all, Luo Zheng didn't cultivate a wind technique, but Cui Yun had been immersed in it for many years.
"Sword Stance!" Luo Zheng stretched out his iron sword again to block.
"Clang!"
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng blocked Cui Yun's saber. However, there was still saber energy forming behind Luo Zheng's iron sword!
"Puff!"
After the saber energy formed, it shot toward Luo Zheng and directly cut Luo Zheng's shoulder, leaving a deep gully on his shoulder.
Cui Yun's attack succeeded. She revealed a cold smile on her face. "Continue to block. Let's see how long you can block it!"
Cui Yun's Sky Piercing Slash relied on the saber energy produced by the opponent's blocking force! It was similar to the move of the boxing technique, Hitting the Bull Through the Mountain.
Luo Zheng shook his shoulder. With a slight force, the muscles on his shoulder squeezed together and stopped the bleeding.
"I was careless," Luo Zheng said faintly. Even if the Central Domain was only a small place compared to the millions of worlds and 100,000 worlds, the martial arts there were still unique and not useless.
At this moment, another loud sound came from the other side of the arena.
"Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The Flying Yaksha was slapped flying again and again by Yao Ye's sword. It repeatedly slammed into the barrier of light outside the arena, causing the barrier to become unstable again.
Yao Ye's attacks were sharp, but the Yellow Spring Yaksha actually showed no signs of being defeated. Moreover, the Yellow Spring Yaksha's body seemed to be growing larger and larger!
A wisp of a complacent smile appeared on Cui Yun's face when she saw Luo Zheng notice the changes in the Yellow Spring Yaksha. "You noticed?"
It was impossible to kill a ghost like the Yellow Springs Yaksha. On the contrary, under the repeated attacks, the Yellow Springs Yaksha's body grew even larger!
Luo Zheng stared at Cui Yun as he spoke, "So that's how it is. You think that you'll definitely win because I'm unable to annihilate this ghost?"
"If that's all you have, then you can die …" Cui Xie pointed the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade at Luo Zheng once more.
Luo Zheng laughed coldly, "There's no need for me to use my true trump cards against you!"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng issued a command in his heart. Yao Ye gave up on killing the Yellow Spring Yaksha and actually charged towards Cui Yun with his enormous sword.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's figure flashed as he charged towards the Yellow Spring Yaksha himself.
It was equivalent to their attacks switching positions!
Cui Yun was slightly puzzled. However, she didn't have the time to figure out why Luo Zheng had done so. The woman that Luo Zheng had summoned was actually so formidable as well. Her graceful figure was complemented by her enormous sword, and the sword moves she executed were impossible to defend against.
Moreover, that enormous sword of hers wasn't just capable of attacking, it was even capable of effectively blocking Cui Yun's wind blades. Even if his Saint Artifact struck the enormous sword, it would only be able to leave behind an insignificant mark!
On the other hand, on Luo Zheng's side, Luo Zheng was like a rash rhinoceros as he charged directly towards the Yellow Spring Yaksha!
The Yellow Spring Yaksha's body would gradually grow larger every time it suffered an attack. Yao Ye's incessant attacks from before had caused the Yellow Spring Yaksha to grow to the height of two people.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's domineering charge caused the enormous Yellow Spring Yaksha to be blasted flying. Its enormous body smashed against the barrier of light, and it instantly shattered the barrier of light that was already extremely weak!
Luo Zheng shook his shoulders, and strands of Primordial Dipper were ceaselessly being produced. They flowed throughout his body, causing him to feel extremely comfortable.
In the past, Luo Zheng hadn't been aware of the value of Primordial Dipper. However, Luo Zheng understood now. It was a good thing for him. Since the Yellow Spring Yaksha was so durable, Luo Zheng wouldn't let this opportunity slip by.
"That's more like it." Luo Zheng revealed a smile. Just now, he'd borrowed the strength of the 500 dragon scales on Qinglong's body, and he'd unleashed all of them in one go. As expected, its might was unimaginable!
However, Luo Zheng didn't care about the feelings of the spectators.