The World Business Alliance had been hosting the Martial Arts Conference for hundreds of years. Based on the fact that it was held once every ten years, they had held it dozens of times.
After holding it so many times, they had naturally accumulated a lot of experience.
For example, the problem of the arena's barrier.
During a Martial Arts Conference seventy years ago, two cultivators had fought in the finals. They had burned their blood essence and unleashed their strongest strength. In the end, the barrier had shattered, and the shockwaves had spread to the cultivators in the spectator stands. Over a thousand cultivators had been injured and hundreds had died.
After learning from this painful experience, the World Business Alliance had paid more attention to the facilities of the Martial Arts Conference.
The arena was built with the toughest materials. It was made from a type of extremely strong ironwood that was woven into threads. Then, the toughest basalt was ground into powder and mixed with the ironwood threads to make bricks. The bricks were laid out one by one. The surface of the bricks was covered with a layer of steel plate. This steel plate was no ordinary material. It had been forged by a refiner and contained Heaven's Divination Essence. To put it bluntly, it could be treated as a profound artifact.
As for the barrier of light, it was even more exaggerated. It had relied on the best runemasters in the Central Domain to draw over 400 runes to form six barriers. There was only a finger-wide gap between the six barriers. Through the power of the runes, a repulsive force was set up in these gaps, allowing the six barriers to form a joint force!
This was the defensive effect set up by the World Business Alliance!
In the following seventy years, the barrier of light had never been broken.
Even when Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Yao Ye, had slapped the Yellow Springs Yaksha against the barrier and caused it to show signs of instability, Elder Xiao's expression didn't change at all. Even if one barrier was broken, there were still five more barriers behind it!
However, this thought only lasted for less than ten breaths of time. After Luo Zheng switched places with Yao Ye, he punched …
The barrier shattered …
At the instant the barrier shattered, several parts of the ground around the arena exploded, causing smoke and dust to rise. The runes were hidden under the ground around the arena. They couldn't bear the load and exploded one by one.
Just how strong was Luo Zheng's body?
Almost all of the old monsters in the Void Tribulation Realm present could break this barrier if they wanted to.
However, Yan Yueshan, who was known for his explosive power, couldn't break this barrier with his physical strength. Ning Yudie couldn't do it either. Even Madam Poison Blood and Black Crow couldn't do it. Cui Xie might be able to …
However, Luo Zheng was only at the Divine Reflection Realm. Moreover, his power just now hadn't hit the barrier directly. Instead, it had hit the Yellow Spring Yaksha's body and hit the barrier through its body.
This power was weakened when it hit the Yellow Spring Yaksha, but it still managed to shatter the barrier.
Innate superhuman strength? This could not explain Luo Zheng's physical strength at all.
Luo Zheng didn't borrow all the power in the dragon scale.
Right now, Luo Zheng's net worth was quite high, and in the huge Heavenly Awakening City, who knew how many Profound Armaments there were! Before the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng had gone to collect Profound Armaments and refined them all into Heaven Evolution Solution, lighting up eight hundred dragon scales at once!
Therefore, if Luo Zheng wanted to borrow the power of the dragon scales, he could borrow the power of a thousand dragon scales. However, Luo Zheng's current body couldn't bear such a huge force!
If Luo Zheng stimulated all the power of the dragon scales now, his body would probably collapse and suffer irreparable damage.
However, the power of five hundred dragon scales was already very terrifying …
The Yellow Spring Yaksha's huge body rolled out of the arena, but it quickly got up. This kind of ghost couldn't be killed by physical damage alone.
After being hit by Luo Zheng's heavy blow, the Yellow Spring Yaksha grew bigger again. It was now ten meters tall!
"Roar!"
The Yellow Spring Yaksha had just crawled up from the ground when it charged into the arena again and pounced towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the Yellow Spring Yaksha's growth at all. After colliding with it again and again, the Primordial Astral Force within his body flowed continuously and stored in his limbs and bones.
At the center of the arena, Cui Yun was locked in combat with Yao Ye's sword dance as well, and it was impossible for him to escape. However, he occasionally glanced at Luo Zheng with a smile on his face. Let's fight! The more attacks the Nether Spring Yaksha suffers, the larger its size and stronger it will become!
How could Luo Zheng not notice the changes in the Yellow Spring Yaksha? At this moment, the Yellow Spring Yaksha was already twenty meters tall, and it was like a huge monster. Even if Luo Zheng exploded with the power of five hundred dragon scales, it was still difficult for him to send such a huge fellow flying.
"It's about time!"
As the Yellow Spring Yaksha swung its thick and heavy tail over, Luo Zheng utilized the Laws of Wind and drifted along with the wind. He dodged this attack and approached the Yellow Spring Yaksha's head. The iron sword in his hand instantly slashed out, and the surging power of lightning instantly erupted along the iron sword.
Lightning could ward off evil.
Practically all ghosts were extremely afraid of the power of lightning.
During the Trial Challengers' Path, Hua Tianming's Extreme Lightning Sword Intent was extremely effective against the invulnerable Black Devil Nightmare.
Bzzt … bzzt … bzzt …
The first level of the Laws of Lightning, Destruction, was completely unleashed. The huge Yellow Spring Yaksha was like a block of ice on a summer day. A huge hole instantly appeared in its abdomen. It had actually been pierced through by Luo Zheng's sword.
"That's the fourth type of Laws! This kid has completely comprehended four types of Laws!"
"I'm already used to it. I wouldn't be surprised even if a fifth type of Law appeared on him!"
"Four types of Laws appeared on a single person at the same time. Moreover, it's the complete form of the Laws. What's wrong with this era? Why was such a monster born? "
"If Cui Yun is considered a god-level genius, then what level of genius is Luo Zheng …"
Seeing Luo Zheng display the power of the Laws of Lightning, many warriors were speechless and didn't know what to say.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to listen to the warriors' nonsense. He didn't just stab once, but several times in succession!
The surging thunder and lightning mixed with the powerful Collapsing Sword. The originally invulnerable Yellow Spring Yaksha met its nemesis, and huge holes appeared on its body.
Finally, with a howl, the Yellow Spring Yaksha's body finally collapsed.
A blood-red rune appeared under the Yellow Spring Yaksha's feet. Its broken body began to fall into the blood-red rune. When the huge head dove into the blood-red rune, it stared fiercely at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng wanted to cut off the head of the Yaksha, but when he stabbed out with his sword and nailed it on the blood-colored rune, the sword was actually bounced back by the rune!
"What's that?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. He hadn't expected that the tiny rune would actually be able to block his sword!
What Luo Zheng did not know was that this blood-red talisman was a talisman that connected to the Yellow Spring River. The power contained in it could not be destroyed by even the strongest expert in the Vast Thousand World, let alone Luo Zheng. This kind of talisman was related to the origin of the Vast Thousand World!
Since he was unable to kill the Yellow Spring Yaksha, Luo Zheng could only give up and turn around to face Cui Yun.
"Didn't you want me to die?" Luo Zheng chuckled as he spoke.
"You!" Cui Yun was in an extremely sorry state right now, but Yao Ye had crushed her all over the place. Yao Ye's sword dance was a series of sword moves that were linked together. Once she was caught in it, it would only stop until she died! She was too tired to deal with Yao Ye right now, so how could she have the time to retort?
"You have a Saint Weapon, and you have an incredible father. You have a Divine level talent, and you have plenty of opportunities to comprehend the Laws. Not only that, you have two Laws …" Luo Zheng smiled and said, "In the end, you can't even withstand a single blow! You're still hoping to defeat me with an external force and summon this Yellow Spring ghost … sigh … "
"Didn't you summon this woman …?" In a moment of desperation, Cui Yun dodged Yao Ye's attack and said furiously.
"This woman? She's not a woman, she's just my Sword Soul. I cultivated this Sword Soul, and it's completely different from the Yellow Spring ghost you summoned! "Luo Zheng continued with a mocking smile on his face.
Cui Yun's face flushed red, but there was nothing she could do. She wanted to turn the situation around, so she unleashed a series of dangerous attacks. However, she still couldn't escape from Yao Ye's pursuit!
"You're an Early Divine Core warrior, and I'm just a Divine Reflection warrior. How can a Divine Reflection warrior defeat you so easily? Are you sure you have a Divine level talent? Not an Earth realm? " Luo Zheng didn't attack and defeat Cui Yun. Instead, he kept provoking her with words.
During the Martial Dao Competition, Luo Zheng only planned to kill one person, and that was Si Miaoling.
If Luo Zheng unleashed all his strength right now, for example, if he unleashed the full power of the Myriad Fiend Wheel of Existence, he would be able to kill Cui Yun. However, Cui Yun wasn't the target Luo Zheng wanted to kill, and if he killed her, it would ruin Luo Zheng's plan!
However, even if Luo Zheng didn't kill Cui Yun, it didn't mean she would let him go! The son of an enemy was still an enemy. Besides, Cui Yun was the one who wanted to kill her, and right now, Luo Zheng was trying to kill her!
"Judging from your age, you're at least 30 years old, right? You're only at the Early Divine Core realm at 30 years old, and you can't even defeat a Divine Reflection warrior … "
Under Luo Zheng's constant provocation, Cui Yun suddenly let out a furious roar. Ignoring Yao Ye's sword dance, she dashed toward Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Yao Ye didn't give Cui Yun the chance to do so. The huge sword slapped onto Cui Xie's body, causing Cui Xie to roll down the arena until he arrived in front of Luo Zheng. His hair was disheveled, and the nameless monk's blade fell to the side.
"A guy like you wants to propose marriage to Little Die? Do you think you're qualified to do so?" Luo Zheng looked down at Cui Yun and said with an indifferent smile.
"Enough!"
On the high platform, green veins were popping out on Cui Xie's forehead. He suddenly stood up and let out a furious roar. As one of the strongest warriors in the Central Domain, how could he not know what Luo Zheng was trying to do? Luo Zheng intended to crush Cui Yun's heart towards the Martial Dao!
Luo Zheng raised his head to glance at Cui Xie, and then he shook his head and sighed. "It's too late!"
At this moment, Cui Yun who was lying on the ground felt a cracking sound resound from within her heart. Even though she hadn't suffered any serious injuries, she suddenly felt her heart hurt very much.
I recommend a fantasy novel. It's one of the first books on Android, Martial Training All Heavens. You can just search for it.)
＝＝＝＝＝