As long as one was a human, there would always be a weakness in their heart.
Luo Zheng's weakness was his sister, the person he was willing to sacrifice his life to protect.
Luo Zheng's dream was to stand at the pinnacle of the martial dao, and take a peek at the true secrets of this world. Judging from this, his heart of martial dao was extremely firm, and he would rarely be affected by others.
However, Cui Yun was different.
His background was completely different from Luo Zheng's. Luo Zheng's starting point was very low, and because of this, Luo Zheng was like a spring that was tightly suppressed. Once the suppression was released, he would be able to jump even higher!
As the son of Cui Xie, Cui Yun was the only son of the number one figure in the central territory, and he was blessed by the heavens. No matter if it was natural talent, knowledge, or resources, could anyone compare to him?
Even Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect couldn't compare with Cui Yun. After all, all of Cui Xie's resources could be used on Cui Yun, and the Void Spirit Sect didn't just need to nurture Xiao Jie, there were many other geniuses in the sect that needed to be nurtured!
With Cui Xie's resources and Cui Yun's own talent, he would be able to become an emperor in the future, and he would be able to become the master of a Sixth Grade 'Sacred Land', or rather, the master of a 'Divine Kingdom'!
This was the reason why Cui Yun, a Divine Core warrior, had the courage to propose marriage to Ning Yudie who was at the False Tribulation realm!
It was because he had the confidence.
Growing up in such an environment, Cui Yun had a strong confidence in himself. In his eyes, all the young warriors in the Central Domain were like ants, and none of them could enter his eyes.
The benefits of Cui Yun's strong heart of martial dao were obvious. He wasn't afraid of any challenges, and as long as he maintained the upper hand, his heart would be extremely strong. Furthermore, none of the young warriors in the Central Domain could compete with him. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, he would definitely become an emperor in the future!
However, this kind of heart of martial dao had a fatal flaw. Once someone surpassed him, it would give him a fatal blow.
For a man who had always been outstanding, the harder he worked, the more outstanding he became. The more outstanding he was, the harder he worked. The reason why he worked so hard was to protect his excellence! However, if one day, a guy who seemed to be very weak but easily defeated this outstanding person in all aspects, then this person would often be unable to recover from the setback. He would doubt his own ability and whether or not his efforts were in vain.
........
In terms of Laws, Luo Zheng surpassed Cui Yun in every aspect. Treasures? Luo Zheng had two Divine Weapons, which were not inferior to his. In terms of cultivation, Luo Zheng's cultivation was lower than his by a whole realm, which was an insult. As for talent … it could be seen from the cultivation that Cui Yun's talent was not as good as Luo Zheng's.
Therefore, at this moment, Cui Yun felt a violent earthquake in his heart. In this earthquake, all his pride, confidence, and arrogance seemed to have become a joke. His heart of martial dao was also destroyed by this earthquake!
On the high platform, Cui Xie took a step forward and walked onto the arena in an instant.
Although Cui Xie was tall and sturdy, he wasn't particularly tall. However, when he took a step forward, he was like a mountain, as if nothing in the world could knock down this mountain-like man.
Thump! Thump!
Cui Xie stepped onto the arena with steady steps. His resolute eyes stared coldly at Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie stepped onto the arena with Cui Xie. Under the flickering of the icy mist, her white and flawless feet stepped on the arena and blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
Although it was very difficult to protect Luo Zheng in front of Cui Xie, she still stubbornly stood in front of him.
At the same time, the three leaders of the World Business Alliance appeared on the arena at the same time. The three fat men had different expressions on their faces, but they all looked as if they were facing a formidable enemy.
Cui Xie was the strongest man in the Central Domain. In terms of individual strength, no one was his opponent in a one-on-one situation.
The three fat men of the World Business Alliance were confident that they could defeat Cui Xie, but they would also have to pay a considerable price!
The three fat men didn't want to stand out at this time. Cui Xie was targeting Luo Zheng and the Cloud Hall. It had nothing to do with the World Business Alliance. However, this was the arena of the Martial Arts Conference. In the arena, life and death were up to fate. Not to mention that Luo Zheng had destroyed Cui Yun's Martial Arts Heart, even if he killed Cui Yun, in theory, he didn't have to bear any responsibility!
"Old Monster Cui, you won't attack a junior at the Divine Reflection Stage, right?" Shi Kefan said with a smile. He wanted to tell Cui Xie that with his strength and status, it would be too degrading for him to attack a junior at the Divine Reflection Stage.
If it were under normal circumstances, Cui Xie would naturally not do this. However, this was in front of hundreds of thousands of martial artists in Heavenly Awakening City. If this matter were to spread, it would be enough to sweep Cui Xie's reputation to the ground. However, Luo Zheng had just destroyed Cui Yun's Martial Arts Heart. This was a little serious. The old monsters of the Central Domain knew very well that Cui Xie had poured a lot of effort into his son!
A smile appeared on Cui Xie's face. He snorted coldly at Ning Yudie. "You are very bold!"
After saying this, Cui Xie's eyes suddenly widened. An aura as majestic as a mountain pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie, who was standing in front of Luo Zheng, sensed this aura. Her beautiful face changed. She crossed her fingers and was about to use a secret technique to resist Cui Xie's aura! Ning Yudie's strength hadn't fully recovered. Even if her cultivation had fully recovered, she still wouldn't be a match for Cui Xie. Unless she reached the large success stage of the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra and broke through to the False Tribulation Realm, she wouldn't be qualified to compete with Cui Xie. Therefore, when faced with Cui Xie's aura, Ning Yudie felt even more pressure.
Unexpectedly, at this moment, Luo Zheng reached out and gently pulled Ning Yudie. He grabbed her soft little hand and dragged her onto his body. His eyes were like torches. He faced Cui Xie alone and said softly to Ning Yudie, "I don't like women standing in front of me."
Luo Zheng didn't like women standing in front of him.
However, in his career, this kind of thing had inevitably happened many times. Zhu Qianning had stood in front of him, Su Lingyun had stood in front of him, and Yun Luo had stood in front of him …
At that time, Luo Zheng's strength wasn't good enough. Most of the time, he had no choice but to choose. But now, he didn't want Ning Yudie to stand in front of him.
Ning Yudie was concentrating on using the secret technique. How could she have thought that Luo Zheng would pull her at this time? When she reacted, she had already been pulled onto Luo Zheng's body. Her right hand was still being pulled by Luo Zheng!
Pulling my hand like this in front of so many people …
Women's thoughts were very jumpy. At this moment, Ning Yudie even ignored the crisis of the situation. Instead, she paid attention to such trivial matters. Her heartbeat suddenly sped up and her face turned slightly red.
But, these messy thoughts only lasted for a brief moment, then she immediately reacted. Luo Zheng wanted to withstand Cui Xie's pressure?
Even if Luo Zheng was able to defeat a Divine Core warrior, Cui Xie was an existence who had surpassed the Void Tribulation realm! There was no way Luo Zheng could withstand it. With this thought in mind, Ning Yudie cried out, "Watch out!"
A pressure as heavy as a mountain came crashing down onto Luo Zheng. It was an incredibly powerful pressure! If he faced it head on, even a Void Tribulation old monster's soul would be injured, and a Divine Core warrior's soul would probably be turned into ashes.
The three fat men looked at each other and furrowed their brows. Cui Xie wasn't attacking, he was just using his pressure to suppress Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng was in a lot of trouble. With Cui Xie's strength, perhaps Luo Zheng's soul would be completely crushed …
"Isn't he trying to be brave? He's still standing in front of Ning Yudie! Does he really think his strength is comparable to a Void Tribulation warrior? "
"What you care about is that he's holding Ning Yudie's hand, right? Hehe! "
"Luo Zheng will die, no matter how strong his talent is, he will still die. His soul will be crushed, and his body will be like a walking corpse. Without a soul, he won't be able to live for more than three days, and his body will have problems."
Many warriors couldn't understand why Luo Zheng would seek death. If he just hid behind Ning Yudie, with Ning Yudie's strength, he would at most be injured when facing Cui Xie's pressure. With such talent, as long as he was still alive, he would never have to worry about running out of firewood. If he became stronger in the future, he would be able to get back at Cui Xie.
Most warriors knew how to endure, and Luo Zheng definitely knew this. This was the reason why everyone was confused.
— — —