Cui Xie had brought people to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, so it was indeed inconvenient for him to kill a Divine Reflection Stage junior.
Not only would he be ridiculed by the world for being a sore loser, the number one person in the Central Domain!
First of all, the three fat men from the World Business Alliance wouldn't let such a thing happen. Not to mention, there was an old woman behind the Cloud Hall, hiding in a corner and watching them!
There was also that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance who had lived for more than a thousand years. Although he was very old, his strength was still unfathomable. Cui Xie wasn't afraid of anyone in a one-on-one fight, but if these guys all ganged up on him, even Cui Xie would find it difficult to escape unscathed.
Therefore, Cui Xie chose this method to restrain his urge to tear Luo Zheng to shreds. He only used his powerful soul to suppress Luo Zheng.
If Ning Yudie stood in front of Luo Zheng, Cui Xie might be in some trouble. He might even make the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall suffer a small loss. He never expected that Luo Zheng would actually stand in front of him!
"Since you want to play the hero and court death, no one can help you!" Cui Xie sneered in his heart, but his expression was still calm. Using his soul pressure to crush the soul of a Divine Reflection Stage junior was as simple as crushing a mantis with a wheel.
As soon as he released his pressure, it was like rocks breaking the clouds and raging waves splitting the shore. It rolled up a chaotic wind and pressed down on Luo Zheng!
Facing such a terrifying pressure, Luo Zheng stood tall and straight with a faint smile on his face. At this moment, he was like a reef in the sea. No matter how much Cui Xie's pressure hit him, he remained unmoved!
The wind blew wildly, and Ning Yudie's golden phoenix hairpin fell. Her soft hair fluttered in the wind. She hid behind Luo Zheng's body and used her hand to push aside the hair blocking her view. She stared blankly at the handsome figure in front of her …
Seeing Luo Zheng calmly receive Cui Xie's pressure, Ning Yudie forgot to be surprised.
She remembered when she was very young, when her family moved from the Northern Domain to the Central Domain.
In the horse carriage, the cold wind howled outside. Her parents left her alone with a thick blanket, covering her tightly. She poked her little head out of the window of the horse carriage, feeling the cold outside, and compared it to her own happiness ….
It was also that night that her parents and the rest of the Ning Family, a total of 37 people, were killed. The little her was saved by a passing disciple of the Cloud Hall and escaped the disaster.
Later, she joined the Cloud Sect, which was a subordinate of the Cloud Sect. Her shocking talent was unearthed, and she passed through the Cloud Sect and the Cloud Sect …. Eventually, she became a supreme figure in the central domain, and a sect leader of one of the top fourth rank sects!
Later, Ning Yudie found out what had happened that night. It turned out that her Ning Family had been annihilated by a Third Grade Sect by mistake.
Now that she had the strength to take revenge, Ning Yudie went alone and wiped out that Third-Grade Sect from the Central Territory, completely annihilating it!
In the Cloud Hall, although Ning Yudie was immature and even had the temperament of a little girl, she also had an iron-blooded side. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to hold the position of Palace Master.
However, even though she got her revenge, the warm and happy feeling she had when she was young could never be found again. She still envied herself at that time. Listening to the hooves of the horses moving on the high and low roads, and the north wind whistling past, cutting her face like small knives, she could curl up in a warm bed, glad that she didn't have to suffer from cold and hunger …
At this moment, Ning Yudie felt that she had returned to that time. This young man used his not-so-tall body to accept everything, making her feel very warm, a little warmth that belonged only to her.
The wind quietly dispersed, and the pressure also disappeared. Luo Zheng maintained a faint smile as he looked at the East Evil King not far away.
Cui Xie's gaze went from confusion to shock, and then to helplessness. It had undergone three transformations! He had already released his pressure to the maximum. In a sense, it was equivalent to a direct soul attack. It was just that Cui Xie didn't do it so blatantly!
How could this guy's soul withstand my soul pressure? Impossible. He must have a treasure that can strengthen his soul, or even something that can make him immune to this kind of damage!
He looked deeply at Luo Zheng and buried his murderous intent deep in his eyes. He turned around and walked toward his son.
Cui Yun's hair was messy, and her eyes were dull. Her face was full of disappointment, as if she had aged ten years in an instant. She didn't have any expression at all.
He grabbed Cui Yun and stretched out his hand. The Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade spiraled back into his hand. His figure flashed, and he returned to his high platform.
The three fat leaders looked at each other again. The shocked expression on Shi Kefan's chubby face froze, as if it had been carved with a knife.
Luo Zheng had really withstood Cui Xie's pressure! How strong was Luo Zheng's soul?
Of course, they didn't know that Luo Zheng's soul had already stepped into the War Soul Realm!
Even the Moonkin Evil Spirit couldn't erase Luo Zheng's soul, so how could Cui Xie do it?
In a sense, among Luo Zheng's various means, his War Soul Realm soul was the most powerful.
The conflict between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie just now was actually very small. It happened in a few breaths' time, but it was the most dangerous one. Many warriors in the stands didn't see it, but some of them did.
However, even if they saw it, they couldn't say anything. A confrontation at the soul level was already beyond their reach, and even beyond their comprehension.
As for Madam Poison Blood from Blood Wood Cliff, Black Crow from Black Mountain Sect, and the Mysterious Old Man from Mysterious Yin Mansion, they were as shocked as the three leaders of the World Business Alliance!
If they stood in front of Cui Xie and were threatened by Cui Xie's soul, their souls would have been injured, and they would have spat out three liters of blood. However, Luo Zheng looked as if nothing had happened. This really didn't make sense.
Ning Yudie gently turned her head, and picked up a golden phoenix hairpin on the ground. She curled up her dark hair slightly, and after fixing it with her index finger, she clasped the hairpin in her hair.
After that, she walked up to Luo Zheng and said in a soft voice, "Let's go up." After saying that, she leapt up into the air, and with her long Ice Phoenix feathers fluttering behind her, she arrived on top of the stage.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. At least, he was sure he had achieved his goal. Although it was slightly different from his plan, he had succeeded in infuriating Cui Xie!
Cui Xie had brought two people with him to participate in the Martial Dao Competition. One was his son, Cui Yun, and the other was Si Miaoling.
If Cui Xie wanted to regain his dignity in the Martial Dao Competition, he would have to rely on Si Miaoling!
Si Miaoling was a Mid Divine Core warrior, and her cultivation was stronger than Cui Yun's. She also possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body. She had followed Cui Xie for dozens of years, so she must have learned a lot. However, Luo Zheng had no idea how great her innate talent was, and how much strength she was hiding behind her cultivation base.
But, no matter how great her cultivation base was, she had to die. Luo Zheng wouldn't let her go like how he let Cui Yun go!
After arriving on top of the stage, Ning Yudie returned to the spacious chair prepared for her. She sat upright on the chair, but her mind was still in a mess, and her eyes were drifting around. Occasionally, she would glance at Luo Zheng, but she would sneak a glance at him like a little girl. Then, she would suddenly move her eyes away, and stare blankly into the sky, as if she didn't have a goal in mind.
Of course, no one noticed this small movement of hers, because she once again unleashed layers of icy mist and covered her body …
Right at this moment, Elder Xiao suddenly announced the suspension of the competition!
The barrier around the stage had been broken by Luo Zheng, and it needed to be rearranged. However, all the runes buried under the barrier had exploded, and they needed to be repaired before the competition could continue.
But, it was still a bit troublesome to repair these runes. After all, the World Business Alliance had spent a lot of effort when setting up these runes. In order to repair these runes, they would need to invite the Rune Masters from the World Business Alliance.
When all the warriors on the spectator stand heard Elder Xiao's announcement, they immediately started cursing again.
"Damn it, I spent a Supreme Rank True Origin Stone to get in here! Why are you stopping the competition?!"
"Is this the credibility of the World Business Alliance? It's ruining my mood! "
"Isn't it just a barrier? What's there to be afraid of? Hurry up, hurry up … "
These warriors didn't care that the barrier was broken, they just wanted to watch the intense competition and place their bets!