Elder Xiao's mustache twitched when he heard the waves of curses from the spectator stands. He cursed in his heart. If the barrier isn't repaired, I'll kill a few hundred of you when the fight breaks out. Then, you'll be cursing me again!
After a while, three people flew over from the sky and landed steadily on the arena. The three of them bowed to Elder Xiao.
These three people were the Rune Masters of the World Business Alliance. They could even be said to be the top Rune Masters in the entire Central Domain.
How did the World Business Alliance accumulate their resources? Because they were rich, the best Rune Masters, Weapon Refiners, and Alchemists were all concentrated in the World Business Alliance!
It was precisely because the General Commerce League had masters of various professions that many independent martial artists were willing to join the league. Compared to the sects, they had a better future, but the benefits offered by the General Commerce League were even better.
This was one of the methods the World Business Alliance used to attract talents.
Although the three Rune Masters could not compare to the "Son of Runes" Feng Guanyu, it was difficult to find a better Rune Master than them in the Central Domain.
There was a Rune Tower in Tianqi City. That Rune Tower gathered all the Runes in the entire Central Domain. Almost all the Rune Masters would come here to cultivate. Zong Rui from the Cloud Hall had also been sent to the Rune Tower to cultivate for several years.
These three Rune Masters were the masters of that Rune Tower. In the entire Central Domain's Rune World, their thoughts and ideas about Runes were the best.
Hearing Elder Xiao's words, the three of them nodded. Then, they split up and walked to the side of the arena. They opened up the stone bricks around the arena one by one. Under the stone bricks, there were pieces of green stone pieces. The stone pieces had mysterious and obscure runes drawn on them.
However, many of the Runes on the stone tablets were already charred, as if they had been burned by smoke.
"The power overload was too great, so it was burned," said one of the Rune Masters.
Another rune master frowned. "The six boundaries are mutually stable. How much power does it take to burn these runes away? Is there anyone in the Divine Core realm who can do it? "
"Unbelievable, this is definitely not caused by a Divine Core warrior!" Another Rune Master shook his head and said.
In fact, many warriors in Heavenly Awakening City were using their letter tablets at home to watch the fights in the arena. However, all of these Rune Masters were old scholars. Although all three of them were Divine Core warriors, they had spent their entire lives studying the Dao of Runes, and rarely paid any attention to what was happening in the outside world. Let alone the Martial Dao Competition, even if the World Business Alliance declared war against some other species, they wouldn't pay any attention to it. Unless Heavenly Awakening City was destroyed, they wouldn't leave the Rune Tower.
When Elder Xiao heard what the trio said, he couldn't help but let out a helpless smile. "Tower Master Nie, this barrier wasn't broken by a Divine Core warrior."
Tower Master Nie was the oldest amongst the trio, and he had the highest attainment in Runes. He was also the Tower Master of the Rune Tower.
Tower Master Nie nodded his head. "Only a Void Tribulation warrior could break this barrier. But, does the Martial Dao Competition allow Void Tribulation warriors to participate?"
Hearing Tower Master Nie's question, Elder Xiao's smile became even more helpless. "It was broken by a Divine Reflection warrior."
Hearing what Elder Xiao said, Tower Master Nie's beard twitched, and he glared at Elder Xiao. "Elder Xiao, are you joking with me?"
Although Tower Master Nie was a Divine Core warrior, because he was the Tower Master of the Rune Tower, his status was even higher than Elder Xiao, who was an Elder of the World Business Alliance.
"Do I look like I'm joking with you? The man who broke this barrier is still here. "Elder Xiao pointed at the stage in the Cloud Hall.
Tower Master Nie shook his head and said, "I'm not interested to know who it is. If you say it's a Divine Reflection warrior, then so be it. I don't believe it." After saying that, he looked at a few stone plates, then he shook his head and said, "It will take three days to repair these runes."
"What? Three days?! " Elder Xiao felt dizzy when he heard this. He had only stopped for a short while, but the warriors in the stands had already started cursing him. If he stopped for three days, those warriors in the stands would probably start a riot.
"Three days isn't enough, we'll have to work overtime. If it's not someone from the Rune Tower, other Rune Masters … it'll take at least a year." Tower Master Nie said with an indifferent tone.
Elder Xiao was speechless. "I'll give you three hours at most!"
Right after Elder Xiao finished speaking, Tower Master Nie threw the stone plates onto the ground, then he turned to the two Rune Masters and said, "Let's go!" After saying that, the three of them prepared to leave.
"You!" Elder Xiao's mustache stood up in anger. He knew that these old men from the Rune Tower had bad tempers, but he didn't expect them to be so arrogant … He helplessly looked at the three Alliance Masters of the World Business Alliance.
The three fat men looked at each other with a bitter smile on their faces …
The World Business Alliance was such an organization. It was completely different from a sect. Everyone was bound together by benefits. Sometimes, the people below might not even look at the Alliance Master's face. Especially these old men from the Rune Tower, each and every one of them was extremely arrogant. Even if it was the Alliance Master, they might not listen to him.
At this time, the warriors in the stands began to clamor again.
"Hurry up and fix it for us. Why are you talking so much nonsense?"
"I want to see the fight. Otherwise, compensate me with one top grade true essence stone. I saved up one million low grade true essence stones one by one! I gave them to the World Business Alliance and now you want to show me this plaything? "
"Refund! Refund! Refund! Give us back our true essence stones! I'm afraid these trash Rune Masters won't be able to fix it! "
Tower Master Nie glared at those noisy warriors and sneered. "I won't fix it, what do you want? If you have the ability, fix it yourself! "
Hearing Tower Master Nie's words, those warriors became even more angry.
"If I can fix it, why would I count on you? Rune Tower's great reputation is only at this level! "
"Trash Rune Masters …"
At this moment, Old Xiao's face was filled with bitterness. How did the Martial Arts Tournament become like this?
Shi Kefan saw that the situation was a little troublesome, and he couldn't sit still anymore. He had to stand up and persuade Nie Li. He came to the side of the arena and said with a smile, "Old Nie, calm down. I'll have to trouble you to fix this rune."
Seeing Shi Kefan come, Tower Master Nie's attitude eased a bit. In the end, he still had to give face to the Alliance Master. He only said, "Three days, this is the fastest."
"Three days? Why don't you go and die! "Some sharp-eyed warriors in the stands heard this and immediately cursed.
Shi Kefan's face also revealed an awkward expression. "Isn't three days too slow? We can't interrupt the Martial Arts Tournament."
Tower Master Nie's eyes bulged. "Find a guy in the Central Domain who can fix it in less than three days. I'll write my 'Nie' backwards."
Hearing Tower Master Nie's words, Shi Kefan felt suffocated. He couldn't think of any words to refute him. As the Tower Master of the Rune Tower, Old Nie's standard was number one in the Central Domain. No one dared to say they were number two.
At this time, a voice came from the stage. "Alliance Master Shi, I can fix these runes in two hours. However, how much is the World Business Alliance planning to pay me?"
The one who spoke was Luo Zheng. He stood at the edge of the stage and said with a smile.
Shi Kefan glanced at Luo Zheng and patted his head. He had forgotten about this matter. Luo Zheng! This guy was also a Rune Master. Moreover, this kid had the perfect brush strokes of a Divine Tool. Old Xiao's eyes also lit up. During the outer region test, Old Xiao had heard Mo Yuezhang mention this matter.
"Can … you do it?" Shi Kefan was somewhat hesitant.
Because Luo Zheng was shining with too many halos today, Shi Kefan had indeed overlooked this ability of Luo Zheng's.
More importantly, although Luo Zheng had the perfect brush strokes, it was only a special brush stroke. It could perfectly activate the characteristics of the rune material and raise the utilization of the material to a perfect realm.
However, runes were also graded. The runes that Mo Yuezhang had presented last time were only 1-star and 2-star runes. Therefore, Shi Kefan subconsciously felt that Luo Zheng could only draw 1-star and 2-star runes. As for the higher grades of 3-star, 4-star, and even 5-star runes, it would take a long time to practice. With Luo Zheng's age of 17-18, he clearly couldn't do it.
Before Luo Zheng could reply, Tower Master Nie said with a disapproving smile, "I've heard of bragging, but I've never heard of bragging like this!"
"Hahahaha … What's wrong with the youngsters these days? You can even spout nonsense now! "Another rune master laughed.
"Sometimes, you have to pay the price for speaking nonsense," another Rune Master said with a serious expression.
＝＝＝＝＝