Once upon a time, the authority of runes in the Central Domain was in the Void Spirit Sect.
Because the Rune Child Feng Guanyu was born in the Void Spirit Sect, runemasters from all over the world rushed to the Void Spirit Sect.
Unfortunately, the Void Spirit Sect had used up too much of Feng Guanyu's fame and didn't pay too much attention to runes. Gradually, the runes of the Void Spirit Sect started to decline. Apart from the sect protecting formation left behind by Feng Guanyu, there wasn't much to see in the runes of the Void Spirit Sect.
With the rise of the World Business Alliance, the constant evolution of runes, and the erection of the Runic Tower, all the runemasters in the Central Domain had started to defect to the Runic Tower.
The Runic Tower was the authority of the entire Central Domain, and the three people in front of him were the authority of the Runic Tower. Their runes were the authority of the authority of the authority!
Tower Master Nie said three days, but who in the Central Domain dared to say two days?
That was why he was so confident in saying that if anyone could repair the runes in three days, he would write the word "Nie" backwards.
That was why they mocked Luo Zheng's ignorance. A newborn calf wasn't afraid of a tiger, not because the calf wasn't afraid of the tiger, but because the calf was ignorant!
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change after hearing the words of the three people from the Runic Tower. He couldn't be bothered to pay attention to them and directly said to Shi Kefan, "Alliance Master Shi, I can repair these runes in two hours. How much will you pay me?"
"Are you sure you can repair them?" Luo Zheng had already created so many incredible miracles. Any one of these miracles would have been incredible if it had happened to a junior in the Divine Reflection Realm. However, they had all been concentrated on Luo Zheng. Shi Kefan felt that he was already used to having another one.
"I can give it a try. Even if I fail, there won't be any delays, right?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's words were reasonable. At most, there would be a delay of two hours. If Luo Zheng couldn't repair the runes, they would have to wait three days before the next battle. An extra two hours wouldn't be a big deal.
Just as Shi Kefan was about to nod, Pagoda Master Nie and the others stopped him.
They didn't believe that Luo Zheng could repair these runes. Not to mention two hours, even if he had a hundred hours, or a thousand hours, this brat still wouldn't be able to repair them! Most importantly, Shi Kefan actually believed this brat's nonsense. Pagoda Master Nie and the others were unable to accept this.
It was like a chef who had followed his master for many years and spent twenty hours to cook a dish with his most exquisite skills. However, in the blink of an eye, a wild kid came out of nowhere and said that he could cook the dish in two hours. Not only did the master not dare to chase the wild kid away, he even agreed to let the wild kid have a try … Wasn't this an insult?
"Alliance Master Shi, if you choose that brat, our Runic Tower will not interfere in this matter," Tower Master Nie coldly said. There was a threatening tone in his words.
The other two rune masters also had unconvinced expressions in their eyes.
"Hehe," Shi Kefan was very familiar with the temperament of these people. However, although Shi Kefan was mellow and easy to talk to, he wasn't someone without courage. To be able to become the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance, besides strength, vision, courage, insight, and luck were all indispensable. After he finished laughing, he said, "I think we should let him have a try first!"
"Humph!"
The three rune masters turned their heads and took a few steps back. They crossed their arms and coldly stared at this side. At this time, they didn't leave. They wanted to see a joke.
Shi Kefan made an inviting gesture towards Luo Zheng and said, "If you can repair these runes, I can reward you with this amount." He stretched out his hand, "Fifty thousand top quality true essence stones."
"Fifty thousand?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"You think it's not enough?" Shi Kefan asked.
"No," Luo Zheng's heart was already blooming with joy. Fifty thousand top quality true essence stones was equivalent to fifty billion low grade true essence stones! With so many true essence stones, it would be more than enough to buy the entire Burning Heaven Empire …
The World Business Alliance was really rich and overbearing! Although fifty thousand top quality true essence stones was a lot, it was only a drop in the bucket for the World Business Alliance. The entrance fee of this competition alone was two to three hundred thousand top quality true essence stones, not to mention the other huge amounts of income.
Luo Zheng didn't bargain. Since they had already agreed on the payment, he squatted down and began to examine the runes on the stone pieces.
Most of these runes were three star runes, and only a few of them were four star runes. At Luo Zheng's request, the World Business Alliance quickly sent over the materials for drawing the runes. These runes were originally made by the World Business Alliance, so the materials used were recorded. With the abundant resources in Heavenly Awakening City, it was easy to prepare another set of materials.
Grinding, mixing, and making ink, Luo Zheng's technique was very skillful …
Seeing Luo Zheng's skillful technique, the eyes of the three Rune Masters flashed.
Tower Master Nie nodded slightly. This kid's technique was light, delicate, and precise. He could be taken in as an assistant for the Runic Tower.
The Rune Masters of the Runic Tower didn't need to prepare their own materials. Trivial things like grinding, mixing, and making ink were all done by their assistants. However, it was very difficult to find a good assistant. After all, an assistant not only needed patience, they also needed to understand the characteristics of various materials. The most important thing was that they needed a pair of nimble hands.
In the eyes of Tower Master Nie and the others, Luo Zheng's hands were very suitable to be an assistant.
Luo Zheng quickly processed the materials and took out his rune pen.
'This rune pen is pretty good, but it's really a waste for a Primary Rune Master to use this kind of rune pen,' Tower Master Nie thought inwardly.
Luo Zheng's rune pen was obtained from a bet with the Cloud Hall's Rune Master Zong Rui. This rune pen was also a treasure in Zong Rui's eyes, so it was naturally pretty good.
He extended the tip of the pen and dipped it in the prepared ink. Soon after, Luo Zheng gently closed his eyes and felt the composition of the materials in the ink. This was the most crucial step in drawing runes. The quality of a Rune Master depended on this step.
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and looked at the blank stone before him. Then, the tip of the pen made the first stroke.
The instant the tip of the pen touched the stone, a faint brown light flickered. Then, as Luo Zheng moved the tip of the pen, the brown light became brighter and brighter. Under the continuous elongation, the first stroke was completed in one go!
When the three Rune Masters in the Runic Tower saw the first stroke on the stone, their pupils continuously widened. Tower Master Nie even sucked in a breath of cold air. "Perfect stroke!"
Actually, the news that Luo Zheng knew how to use the Perfect Stroke was already a few months ago. Many people in the World Business Alliance knew about it, such as Mo Yuezhang, the three Alliance Masters, and Elder Xiao. However, the people in the Runic Tower didn't know about it!
This was also the fault of Tower Master Nie and the others. They were wholeheartedly studying runes in the tower and didn't pay attention to the outside world. It could even be said that they stubbornly believed that only they could represent the Central Domain's Runic Dao. As for the outside world's Runic Dao, they were insignificant and couldn't be brought to the table!
But how did a Rune Master with the Perfect Stroke suddenly appear?
When they saw this scene, the three Rune Masters were completely stunned. They were even somewhat at a loss.
A cold light flashed in Shi Kefan's small eyes. The reason he had agreed to let Luo Zheng have a try was because he wanted to borrow Luo Zheng's momentum to kill the Runic Tower's people.
These fellows were proud of their talents and had unknowingly become arrogant over the years. Even when the General Commerce League asked them to draw runes, they would often ask for a sky-high price, and they would ignore them. They liked to think that they were the best in the central region! They had completely forgotten that they were also members of the World Business Alliance. They had long forgotten that the Runic Tower was established with the support of the World Business Alliance!
Now, these fellows understood what it meant by there was always someone better out there!
Luo Zheng's speed in drawing runes was very fast. It could even be called flying!
When Luo Zheng was drawing runes in the early days, he still needed to pause for a while and occasionally think about how to draw. This was related to the strength of his soul. Drawing runes consumed soul power.
But now, how powerful was Luo Zheng's soul? A soul that had stepped into the War Soul realm was incomparably sturdy. Drawing runes was a piece of cake. Not to mention, he was just copying and restoring these runes!
"Bzzz …"
The rune brush continued to draw lines, and soon, the first rune was drawn.