Although the rune Luo Zheng was drawing was only a three-star rune, his drawing speed was just too fast.
Rune Masters didn't have any requirements for their cultivation, but they had very strict requirements for their soul power. Although a Rune Master's cultivation wasn't too high, his soul power would definitely be much stronger than a warrior of the same level.
Luo Zheng had drawn the first rune in one go without stopping at all … How strong was his soul power?
Shi Kefan gave a look to a supervisor of the World Business Alliance.
The deacon opened a jade box. Inside the jade box was a pure black pill. He handed it over to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng glanced at the jade box and asked suspiciously, "What's this?"
"A top-grade Soul Nourishing Pill. It's used to warm up the soul power you lost when drawing the rune," the supervisor said respectfully.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "No need! How much soul power did I use? "
After his soul entered the War Soul Realm, his soul power was endless. Not to mention drawing a three-star rune, even if he drew a hundred or five hundred three-star runes, he wouldn't need to rest. Why would he need to take a Soul Nourishing Pill? Moreover, although this Soul Nourishing Pill was top-grade, there were still some impurities in it. After Luo Zheng ate it, he still had to spend a lot of effort to refine the impurities. How troublesome would that be?
Shi Kefan's small eyes stared at the three Rune Masters of the Runic Tower with deep meaning. How did these Rune Masters draw runes in the past? Not to mention drawing a rune, sometimes they had to take a bath, wash their hands, burn a stick of incense, and swallow a Soul Nourishing Pill when they were halfway through drawing a rune. They were afraid that their soul power would be damaged while they were drawing the runes!
They were more arrogant than anyone else, and the effects of the runes they produced were unpredictable! Even so, their runes were still sold at a sky-high price. Regardless of whether it was the people inside or outside the World Business Alliance, they were treated the same. They were all slaughtered by the people of the Runic Tower.
Although a part of the Runic Tower's income was added to the accounts of the World Business Alliance, Shi Kefan couldn't stand their way of doing things!
Now that a monster like Luo Zheng had appeared, it was great! Give these three old men a good beating!
At this time, Pagoda Master Nie and the other two Rune Masters had already lowered their heads. For a junior in his teens to draw a 3 star rune was as simple as eating meat or drinking soup, even if he didn't look down on them, they would look down on themselves.
As for the perfect brush strokes and whatnot … Forget it, he would never be able to catch up to them in this lifetime.
After drawing the first rune, Luo Zheng's hands became even more fiery. He almost didn't stop. His hand that was holding the rune pen moved up and down, and one perfect line after another was quickly drawn on the stone.
"What's going on? Why is it Luo Zheng who is repairing the runes? "
"Didn't you hear? Those old guys in the Runic Tower said that it would take three days to repair it, but Luo Zheng said that he could repair it in two hours! "
"Three days? Why don't they just die? You want me to wait for three days? What the hell am I going to look at?! "
"But how could Luo Zheng repair those runes? Didn't they say that the Runic Tower is the sacred land of runes in the Central Domain? Even those in the Runic Tower couldn't repair them, but Luo Zheng, a mere warrior, can do it? "
"Since he knows how to draw runes, that means Luo Zheng must be a Rune Master as well. All I can say is, this world really doesn't allow anyone to live. A Divine Reflection warrior is able to defeat those top Divine Core disciples, and he's also an expert in drawing runes …"
Many warriors on the spectator stand were whispering to each other. They didn't know how amazing the perfect brush strokes were, and they also didn't know what Luo Zheng's speed meant. All they knew was that the three old men in the Runic Tower needed three days to complete the runes, but Luo Zheng only needed two hours. This was enough to prove Luo Zheng's skill in runes.
When the Sect Chiefs of the Blood Wood Cliff, Dark Yin Mansion, and Void Spirit Sect saw how fast Luo Zheng was, they couldn't help but swallow their saliva.
How lucky was the Cloud Hall to be able to recruit a disciple like this?!
Not only was he strong, and had an amazing talent, his attainment in runes was ridiculous as well! Even Tower Master Nie from the Runic Tower, Madame Poison Blood from the Blood Wood Cliff, and Hei Ya from the Black Mountain Sect had personally paid him a visit, and spent a huge amount of money to purchase runes! But now, it looked like Tower Master Nie's strength was just a piece of cake in front of Luo Zheng …
Not only did he know how to draw runes, he could also casually take out a high-ranked Saint Item and gift it to their Sect Chiefs! This disciple was just too rich!
Madame Poison Blood stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression, and jealousy filled her eyes. She then turned to Ning Yudie who was standing on the tall platform, and thought to herself, 'This guy is really good, if I were Ning Yudie, I'd probably like him as well. But, the gap between our cultivation levels is just too big. But, this guy is able to defeat Cui Yun who has a Divine level talent with just a Divine Reflection realm cultivation. Perhaps Luo Zheng's talent is even higher than Cui Yun's! It's just a matter of time before he breaks through to the Divine Core realm, and even the False Tribulation realm …
Madame Poison Blood's mind was in a mess. On the other hand, Ning Yudie had a smile on her face. She was just quietly watching Luo Zheng seriously draw runes. When a man was serious, his charm was almost limitless.
One stone flake, five stone flakes, twenty stone flakes, fifty stone flakes …
The burnt runes were restored by Luo Zheng, piece by piece.
Soon, all 126 burnt stone flakes were restored by Luo Zheng! A few deacons from the World Business Alliance picked up the stone flakes and went to install them.
These stone flakes needed to be arranged in a certain order in order to be effective.
Aside from these three star runes, there were still three bigger stone flakes left. They were four star runes.
The difficulty of drawing a four star rune was much higher than that of a three star rune.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to directly restore the rune according to the four star rune. The stone piece was already placed in his hands, but before he began to write, his eyes flashed and he inadvertently glanced towards the high platform. His eyes gently swept over Luo Yan's face. His little sister was still like a block of wood. Besides breathing, there was no reaction at all.
His expression turned cold and the rune brush in his hand shone brightly. The first line was still drawn according to the burnt four star rune, but halfway through, the tip of his brush changed!
A very special rune appeared on the stone flake. It was a divine rune!
However, Luo Zheng's drawing was very ingenious. From afar, it didn't look much different from an ordinary four star rune. Unless Pagoda Master Nie and the others poured their soul power into the rune, they wouldn't be able to see what Luo Zheng had done. But at this moment, Pagoda Master Nie couldn't even raise his head under Shi Kefan's ridicule. How could he have the mood to use his soul power to perceive the four star rune drawn by Luo Zheng?
The difference between a four star rune and a three star rune was only one star. But the difference in difficulty was like heaven and earth. The degree of complexity was also several times higher.
Luo Zheng's brush continued to twist and turn. After about an incense stick's worth of time, the four star rune was finally completed.
The ink of the four star rune was made from cloud gold powder, a thousand year old skeleton, and other materials. Cloud gold powder was the main ingredient, so when the four star rune was created, it flashed with a golden light. But underneath the golden light, there were several inconspicuous golden lines that formed an even more profound divine rune!
Seeing that the four star rune was drawn by Luo Zheng, Shi Kefan let out a sigh of relief. He looked at Pagoda Master Nie and said with smile, "Old Nie, it seems like your name will be hung here!"
Pagoda Master Nie stared at Luo Zheng's four star rune and said after a good while, "I will hang my name upside down when I return!"
Rune Masters in the Runic Tower had their names pieced together by runes in front of their rooms. They could really hang their names upside down. But this was too shameful!
Shi Kefan sneered in his heart. 'This time, I will let you suffer a bit so that you won't show such a stink face in the future!'
In a short while, Luo Zheng's second and third four-star runes were completed as well. Subsequently, the deacons of the General Commerce League moved the three four-star runes back and arranged the runes one by one.
Shi Kefan walked over to Luo Zheng's side and politely said with smile, "Young hero Luo, I see that you have continuously drawn more than a hundred runes. Shouldn't you take some supplements? If you dislike the impurities in the Soul Nurturing Pill, I have a piece of Soul Nurturing Jade here. Wear it and it can nurture your soul. It can be considered as an extra gift for repairing your runes. "
"Soul Nurturing Jade!" Pagoda Master Nie and the other two Rune Masters' eyes flashed as they heard this.