Any treasure that could increase one's soul power was extremely rare, so its value was hard to estimate.
Judging from the grade of this Soul Nurturing Jade, it could only be considered as an Immortal Tool. However, there were many Immortal Tools in the Central Domain, but how many of them could increase one's soul power?
Even in the World Business Alliance, this Soul Nurturing Jade was definitely a good item.
When Pagoda Master Nie heard that Shi Kefan wanted to give the Soul Nurturing Jade to Luo Zheng, he felt that it was unfair. Unfortunately, they didn't dare to say anything at this time, as they would only be ridiculed by others. Compared to Luo Zheng, they were useless!
Actually, Pagoda Master Nie and the others weren't that weak. After all, their Rune Technique represented the highest attainments in the Central Domain. Especially Pagoda Master Nie, he was the only Great Master who could draw a Five Star Rune. If he was placed in any Sect, he would definitely be considered a national treasure.
It could only be said that Luo Zheng was too outstanding. If they were placed together with Luo Zheng, there was simply no possibility of comparing them!
Shi Kefan dared to give the Soul Nurturing Jade to Luo Zheng because he wanted to rope in Luo Zheng.
The World Business Alliance's actions couldn't be said to be slow. When Mo Yuezhang handed over the first Rune Technique to the World Business Alliance headquarters, the three Alliance Masters had already noticed Luo Zheng.
Unfortunately, the situation changed too quickly. From the Rising Dragon Arena to the Martial Competition, and then to Luo Zheng's sudden appearance on the Rising Dragon Arena, in order to calm the situation, Shi Kefan could only interrogate him about the secret of ascension on the Rising Dragon Arena, which could be considered as slightly offending Luo Zheng.
The World Business Alliance wasn't afraid of Luo Zheng, but for this kind of talent, the World Business Alliance wasn't stingy with money to rope him in. This was also the reason why the World Business Alliance was able to develop to its current state!
This Soul Nurturing Jade could be considered as a small compensation to Luo Zheng. It wasn't too late to mend the pen after the sheep was lost.
Luo Zheng didn't reject the offer. He was very clear about the value of the Soul Nurturing Jade. After entering the Combat Soul Realm, a Soul Nurturing Jade of this level wouldn't be of much use to Luo Zheng. However, this item could be given away as a gift. Even if it was auctioned, it would still be worth a lot of money!
After receiving the Soul Nurturing Jade, Luo Zheng turned his head and said, "I just finished drawing these runes. I don't know if anything went wrong!"
After the deacons of the World Business Alliance assembled the last three pieces of stone with four-star runes drawn on them, Elder Xiao took out a disk array and prepared to test if the barrier was normal.
Pagoda Master Nie and the others were thinking that it would be best if the runes couldn't operate and the barrier couldn't be opened!
Unfortunately, Elder Xiao activated the disk array in his hand. As the disk array rotated, a barrier spread out from the edge of the arena. It quickly gathered towards the top of the arena, forming a complete light curtain.
After the first light curtain appeared, it was followed by the second, the third, and the fourth …
There were a total of six light curtains. They were tightly glued to each other, blooming with faint light.
The light curtain emitted by these six light curtains was much more solid and stable than the previous one. This was the effect of the perfect brush strokes! Luo Zheng used his perfect brush strokes to stimulate the vitality of the materials to the greatest extent. The might of the light curtain barrier was naturally stronger and could withstand a greater blow!
"Very good! It seems like it was successfully repaired! " Seeing the light curtain barrier, Shi Kefan was very satisfied, "Young hero Luo, this is the agreed reward of 50,000 top grade true essence stones!"
As soon as Shi Kefan finished speaking, someone brought over a round plate. There was a nameplate made of purple crystal on the round plate. "You can withdraw 50,000 supreme-grade True Origin Stones from any of the General Commerce League's bank accounts."
Luo Zheng nodded and received the purple crystal nameplate into his spatial ring.
"It's finally repaired! The battle can begin again! Where is the banker? Hurry, hurry, hurry, let's place our bets! "
"Luo Zheng repaired the runes, how much did he earn?"
"Didn't you hear? 50,000 top grade true essence stones, my third-grade sect doesn't even have that much income in two years … "
"Crazy, that kid is rich, rob him!"
"Hehe, first of all, you are definitely not his opponent. Secondly, your sect can't possibly be the Cloud Hall's opponent. Rob him? You are courting death! "
After an hour of delay, many martial artists began to riot again.
When Luo Zheng returned to the high platform where the Cloud Hall was located, Old Xiao nodded with satisfaction and began to draw lots again.
The competition of the Martial Arts Conference began again.
The situation in the arena had not changed. The sect martial artists still had a considerable advantage. Whenever a sect martial artist encountered an independent martial artist, the sect martial artist would basically win.
However, there was a dark horse among the independent martial artists. It was Ao Xiang from the Hulun Grassland.
Although he only had the strength of the Divine Reflection Stage, Ao Xiang relied on this scimitar to defeat two sect martial artists in succession! This was a dark horse. At this moment, the atmosphere in the arena was once again stirred up.
After all, most of the martial artists on the stands were independent martial artists, or martial artists from third-grade sects. These martial artists weren't qualified to join any of the big sects, so they had the thought that independent martial artists might not be any weaker than sect martial artists.
Ao Xiang's appearance was exactly what they thought. Besides, Ao Xiang was only at the Divine Reflection Stage, so it was already an incredible feat for him to defeat a Divine Core warrior.
Out of the ten matches in the drawing box, three of them were for Ao Xiang to fight. Ao Xiang won all three matches, causing the atmosphere in the arena to reach its peak. The entire arena was filled with excitement, and the dealer had increased the odds for Ao Xiang's victory.
After Ao Xiang's third match ended, he began to draw lots. In the previous matches, he had drawn a waiver card, but this time, Ao Xiang drew a challenger card.
After Ao Xiang drew the challenge card, he stood in the ring and circled around it.
"He drew a challenger card, who is he going to challenge?"
"Is he going to challenge Little Jie from the Void Spirit Sect? I heard he is the only Divine Realm genius in the Void Spirit Sect, and he is also at the Divine Reflection Stage.
"Not necessarily, I think it's more likely for him to challenge Luo Zheng."
Ao Xiang didn't stop at the independent martial artists' stands. He glanced around the stands, and finally, he locked eyes with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. "You want to challenge me?"
Ao Xiang smiled faintly, and his eyes moved away from Luo Zheng. He glanced over the crowd of the Void Spirit Sect, and stared at the East Evil King's high stand. Then, his eyes fell on a woman.
There were two women standing behind Cui Xie. One of them had her six senses sealed. She was Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan. Beside Luo Yan, there was another woman whose six senses were also sealed. When his eyes fell on her, endless sadness appeared in the depths of his eyes, and he clenched his scimitar tightly.
But very quickly, that sadness was replaced by a resolute expression. He raised his voice and shouted, "I challenge independent martial artist Si Miaoling!"
"What!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. At the same time, he looked at Cui Xie's high stand, and his mind was in a mess. Why did Ao Xiang want to challenge Si Miaoling?
Ao Xiang and Luo Zheng had participated in the outer disciple selection on the same day. On that day, Luo Zheng had used the 12th level pagoda to blackmail him. But, Ao Xiang, who came from the Hulun Grassland, seemed to be rich, as he didn't even blink when he paid so many True Origin Stones.
This man was an Extreme Divine Reflection Stage warrior, and he was able to challenge a Divine Core warrior. His strength shouldn't be underestimated. But, no matter what, Luo Zheng never expected Ao Xiang to challenge Si Miaoling.
"Could it be that he has the same goal as me?" Luo Zheng's heart started pounding. Luo Zheng glanced at Luo Yan, and found a girl standing right next to Luo Yan. Luo Zheng had noticed her long ago, she was the third person with the Extreme Violet Yin Body. If it wasn't for this girl, Luo Zheng wouldn't be facing such a serious situation. Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't blame her.
Was Ao Xiang here for her? This was highly possible!
Who was that girl to Ao Xiang? This wasn't important anymore.
"This is going to be troublesome!" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
Si Miaoling was Luo Zheng's target, and before that, Luo Zheng didn't want anything to go wrong. If Ao Xiang really did challenge Si Miaoling and killed her, it would be the best result for Luo Zheng. But, if he didn't kill Si Miaoling, she would be alerted, and this was the result that Luo Zheng didn't want to see the most!
But, he couldn't do anything to stop this. Perhaps, Ao Xiang was having the same thoughts as him right now.
"Challenge me? Hehehe … "Si Miaoling walked gracefully. With a charming smile on her face, she said," I think you want to kill me, don't you? "
Hearing Si Miaoling's words, Ao Xiang and Luo Zheng's hearts tightened, and their expressions changed drastically.
＝＝＝＝＝