Previously, Si Miaoling had been standing behind Cui Xie. This woman was very low-key, as if she didn't exist.
However, when she opened her mouth to speak, her entire body seemed to glow with a mysterious color. Her smile was charming and moving.
"Ao Xiang from the Hulun Grassland, known as the terminator of the Shadow Wolf King. If I'm not wrong, she is your lover, right?" Si Miaoling pointed at a woman beside Luo Yan. That woman's six senses were sealed, and she was like a piece of wood. Her face was expressionless, but one could still feel an elegant temperament from her body.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
Ao Xiang's hand was trembling. His scimitar was constantly humming, and his eyes were flickering with a dangerous light.
"So what if I am!" Ao Xiang raised his scimitar and pointed it at Cui Xie. "As the strongest person in the Central Domain, you kidnapped my lover. You all deserve to die!"
The moment Ao Xiang's words left his mouth, the entire place fell silent.
Ao Xiang was extraordinarily bold to say such words to the strongest person in the Central Domain. However, Cui Xie acted as if he didn't hear anything. He looked indifferent, as if he felt that Ao Xiang wasn't qualified to talk to him. He didn't intend to respond.
Si Miaoling chuckled. "As a martial artist, you don't even have this awareness. Should I call you childish, or childish? Your strength is too weak to protect your lover. Who can help you?! If I'm not wrong, you also have a Divine Level talent, right? "
"Hua …"
After Si Miaoling spoke, many martial artists began to discuss.
"Another martial artist with a Divine Level talent, and he's an independent martial artist!"
"What a pity. He should have gone to a large sect. I believe any large sect would have taken him in!"
"This kind of person is a dragon or phoenix among martial artists. They have the fate of being emperors. Maybe he doesn't even want to join a sect."
"Before one grows up, even if one is a dragon or a phoenix, one must remain humble. However, he doesn't know how to endure. Sigh … he actually dared to provoke Cui Xie. What a waste of his talent!"
Si Miaoling smiled and continued, "You have Divine Level Talent, but you don't know how to endure. If I were you, I would hide and cultivate. One day, when I am strong enough, I will come back for revenge. Even if I can't take revenge, I can still snatch other people's women. Why do you have to jump out at this time to court death?"
"Do you think that everyone else is as shameless as you?" Ao Xiang roared. Unable to bear it any longer, he suddenly slashed the curved blade in his hand towards Si Miaoling. A cyan colored tornado whizzed out, fiercely suppressing the high platform.
Si Miaoling's eyebrows twitched. Her jade-like hands lightly twirled, and a pure black true essence condensed into a vortex, completely eliminating the tornado.
"Don't be so anxious. You want to kill me so much. It's not like I won't give you the chance …" Si Miaoling's figure flashed, and like a woman from a painting, she floated in the middle of the stage with a smile on her face, "In fact, even if you kill me, you won't be able to save your woman! Although the Extreme Purple Yin Body is rare, it can still appear again! "
Ao Xiang gloomily stared at Si Miaoling, and coldly said, "At least it can delay it."
Si Miaoling nodded, "I understand. You can delay it until you grow up and then go find Brother Cui, right? Unfortunately … even if you are a Divine Level Talent, even if you grow up, you still won't be Brother Cui's opponent. "
"Nothing in the world is fixed. Since you stepped into the arena, I must kill you." Ao Xiang's scimitar swept across, and a sharp killing intent erupted from his body.
On the high platform of the Void Spirit Sect, Taoist Master Qing Xu looked at Ao Xiang and shook his head, "This person's talent is comparable to Little Jie's, and his temperament is also steady and determined. Unfortunately … young people are still too impulsive."
Little Jie curled his lips, "Master, it's just to save a woman. Is it worth it?"
Taoist Master Qing Xu smiled slightly, "Little Jie, you're still young, and there are some things you don't understand. How can the love between a man and a woman be measured by whether it's worth it or not?"
"I just don't think it's worth it …" Little Jie was still young, and he was wholeheartedly immersed in martial arts, so he had a completely different view of the matters between a man and a woman.
"If you don't understand, then don't speak." The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect glared at Little Jie. In his heart, he was actually on Ao Xiang's side.
For the woman he loved, how many warriors in the world could face death calmly and press forward courageously?
The world of martial artists was cruel and realistic. For the sake of a precious treasure, master and disciple would turn against each other, master and disciple would kill each other, brothers would look at each other from the sidelines. This sort of thing happened far too often, but Ao Xiang was actually willing to do this for his lover. This was far too rare.
At the Martial Arts Conference, many warriors were silent. Perhaps in their hearts, they hoped that Ao Xiang would be able to kill Si Miaoling.
But was this possible?
Not to mention that Si Miaoling was at the middle stage of the Divine Core realm, and Ao Xiang was only at the extreme Divine Reflection realm. Even if Ao Xiang could really defeat Si Miaoling, there was still the East Evil King standing next to him. That was the strongest warrior in the Central Domain!
Luo Zheng had used words to provoke Cui Yun. When Cui Xie was not on guard, he had broken Cui Yun's heart of martial arts. This was already the limit of what he could do. Si Miaoling was the most important person in the Great Demonic Joyous Union Formation that Cui Xie had set up. How could he watch Si Miaoling be killed without doing anything?
It could be said that Ao Xiang's efforts were destined to fail.
The light curtain protecting the arena slowly appeared, and the light curtain separating the two of them quietly dissipated. Si Miaoling just said softly, "Let me see how you're going to kill me."
Ao Xiang did not speak anymore. Since this woman had given him a chance, he had to grasp it.
His scimitar suddenly turned, and a cyan colored gale began to violently swirl up, while his body rushed towards Si Miaoling in the midst of the gale. He lowered his body very low, like a cheetah crawling forward in the grassland, and in the blink of an eye, he arrived in front of Si Miaoling.
"Full Moon Slash!"
The curved blade in Ao Xiang's hand drew a perfect arc and slashed towards Si Miaoling.
Si Miaoling giggled like a silver bell as she gently floated backwards. Her body was as soft as a leaf that could not bear any force.
No matter how exquisite Ao Xiang's blade technique was, Si Miaoling always maintained a certain distance from Ao Xiang.
"With this strength, you're not qualified to kill me," Si Miaoling said with a smile.
Ao Xiang just kept chasing and attacking. He slashed out again and again, but every slash missed her by a hair's breadth.
Si Miaoling seemed to be playing with him. She constantly maintained a distance and did not fight back.
"Come on, Ao Xiang! Kill that woman! "
"Ao Xiang, we support you!"
"This woman is too arrogant. I don't like the words she said. Only by killing her can I be at ease!"
The majority of the martial artists stood on Ao Xiang's side. Not to mention Ao Xiang's motives, just Si Miaoling's words made many of the independent martial artists feel stifled.
Si Miaoling was naturally speaking from the perspective of a strong martial artist. In the world of martial artists, strength was everything, but was strength equal to everything? Could strength be used to trample on others? Or even steal other people's women?
Many of the martial artists put Ao Xiang's experience into their own world. They realized that if they encountered the same thing, they would also be in a tragic situation. Therefore, they didn't like a beauty like Si Miaoling.
What Si Miaoling said was the truth. In the world of martial artists, killing, seizing treasures, betrayal, and conspiracies were endless. It happened almost every day. However, the world was often like this. You could do these things, but you couldn't say them. If you did and said them out loud, you would incur the wrath of the public!
At this moment, the most nervous person was Luo Zheng.
Because of Ao Xiang's appearance, Luo Zheng's deployment was completely disrupted.
Originally, Luo Zheng was still restraining himself from revealing all of his trump cards, trying not to reveal all of them.
Destroying Cui Yun's martial heart was only the first step in Luo Zheng's provocation of Cui Xie. If Cui Xie didn't recognize him, then the second step would be to take Si Miaoling by surprise and kill her. Not to mention, he had also tampered with the light curtain barrier in the arena to ensure that nothing would go wrong!
Now that Ao Xiang suddenly challenged Si Miaoling, it would be fine if he was strong enough to kill Si Miaoling. However, if he wasn't strong enough, then Si Miaoling would be injured and unable to fight, or she would become more vigilant. This would be a huge problem for Luo Zheng.
The chase between the two lasted for about twenty breaths of time. Ao Xiang suddenly clenched his teeth. His eyes flickered with a blue light, and blue spots appeared on his face. His ears began to become sharp, and his fingernails became very sharp, flickering with a blue luster.