Ao Xiang was originally a martial artist who excelled in speed. He cultivated a wind-attribute cultivation method and had even completely comprehended the first level of the Wind Laws.
In terms of comprehension of the Wind Laws, he was already on par with Luo Zheng. However, it was unclear what kind of lucky chance Ao Xiang had relied on to comprehend the complete Wind Laws.
However, the world of martial artists was like this. Those with extraordinary talent were often accompanied by a great destiny. Ao Xiang possessed god-rank talent, so it wasn't strange for him to have such a lucky chance.
However, Si Miaoling's movement technique was even more unique. Even with Ao Xiang's speed after comprehending the Wind Laws, he still couldn't catch up to her.
After missing several times in a row, Ao Xiang used the secret technique of 'beast transformation'.
"What is that!? How did Ao Xiang's body change!? "
"His speed is too fast, I can't see clearly. Can you guys tell me what happened?"
"It's a leopard. Look at those patterns, it should be the Cloud-Piercing Leopard God Beast! He has the bloodline of a Cloud-Piercing Leopard, and the concentration of the bloodline is very high. That's why he can transform! "
Among the numerous martial artists, there were still some with vicious eyes.
The Cloud-Piercing Leopard was also a type of God Beast. Although it couldn't be compared to a Super God Beast, it was on par with the Blue Luan, Kun Peng, Heavenly Rat, and other God Beasts!
Generally speaking, even if one had the bloodline of a God Beast, they would still be unable to transform. For example, Luo Zheng had the blood of a True Dragon within his body, and even the blood essence of a True Dragon. However, he was unable to transform into a True Dragon because the concentration of his bloodline was insufficient! Only when the concentration of the bloodline reached a certain degree could one transform!
For Ao Xiang to be able to transform into a True Dragon, the concentration of the Cloud-Piercing Leopard bloodline in his body must be extremely high!
At this moment, Ao Xiang looked like a half-human half-beast. His fingernails were sharp, and his originally round pupils had turned yellow. Two thin lines appeared in the center of his pupils, similar to the eyes of a leopard. Two sharp fangs had also grown out, and his body was shrouded in a pale blue light.
"Awoo!"
Ao Xiang roared, and his speed suddenly increased by several times. He emitted the unique pressure of a God Beast, and fiercely pounced towards Si Miaoling!
"Pa!"
Si Miaoling probably didn't expect Ao Xiang's speed to increase so much. Caught off guard, she actually wasn't able to dodge Ao Xiang's attack.
His sharp claws landed heavily on Si Miaoling's shoulder!
Half of Si Miaoling's clothes had been reduced to dust, revealing the undergarments covering her chest. There were also five bloody claw marks on her shoulder, which were particularly eye-catching against her snow-white skin.
Seeing that Ao Xiang was about to grab her again, she quickly twisted her body and dodged the grab at an incredible angle. She quickly retreated to the edge of the arena.
"Shh — shh —"
"A little more, a little more!"
"This woman's skin is so white. Ao Xiang's slap should have torn her clothes to shreds!"
Hearing the explicit words of those martial artists, Si Miaoling's expression sank.
She had followed Cui Xie for dozens of years, but for the sake of his Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, she had kept her virginity. How could she endure being teased by those vulgar martial artists?
But now, she had to face Ao Xiang. It looked like she had underestimated Ao Xiang!
Ao Xiang was only an Extreme Divine Reflection warrior right now. If he had broken through to the Divine Core realm, perhaps she would have been killed by his claw.
Before transforming into her beast form, Si Miaoling was still able to remain calm, and she even had the time to run around in circles with Ao Xiang. But now, facing the transformed Ao Xiang, her expression had become serious. She lightly shook her fingers, and pure black flowers started falling down from her body!
After transforming into his beast form, Ao Xiang had entered a berserk state. There was only one thought in his mind, and that was to kill this woman in front of him!
He didn't have much time to think, he just wanted to kill with extreme speed.
Most of the martial artists couldn't keep up with his speed. They could only see a green shadow flashing past, and in the blink of an eye, he had dashed from one side of the arena to the other!
Even though Si Miaoling's movement skill was strange, it was still difficult for her to dodge Ao Xiang's attack. She casually waved her hand, and a pink feather dress wrapped around her shoulder. Of course, this feather dress wasn't as good as the one given to Ning Yudie by Luo Zheng.
However, this feather dress was still a high-ranked Immortal item, and it was one of the best amongst all Immortal items. There were very few defensive items, and the price of this feather dress was comparable to an offensive Saint item!
"Slap!"
Right after putting on the feather dress, Si Miaoling suffered another claw attack from Ao Xiang. But, the feather dress had an amazing defensive strength, and it had at least blocked 80% of Ao Xiang's attack. Therefore, Si Miaoling didn't suffer any serious injuries.
Black flowers were still falling down from her body.
One by one, they seemed to be casually falling down.
If someone's eyes were able to follow Ao Xiang's figure, they would find that many flowers had already attached themselves to his body.
However, those black flowers didn't move or itch, and Ao Xiang was already close to a berserk state. He only wanted to kill Si Miaoling in front of him, so why would he care about anything else?
"Ao!"
Ao Xiang roared, and his speed became faster and faster. In the blink of an eye, he had already attacked three times, and gradually forced Si Miaoling into a dead end.
Si Miaoling slowly retreated, and moved her feet. Ao Xiang pressed forward step by step, ready to pounce on this woman and tear her to pieces at any time.
Just when Si Miaoling couldn't retreat anymore, a sneer suddenly appeared on the corner of her mouth. Seeing that Ao Xiang was about to pounce on her, Si Miaoling opened her red lips and spat out a word.
"Grow!"
"Stab!"
Countless fine thorns began to grow out from Ao Xiang's body!
As these thorns grew, they tore open Ao Xiang's body, feeding on his flesh and blood as they crazily wriggled about.
At this time, Ao Xiang seemed to have turned into a man of blood. His hands and feet were bound by the black thorns, and his entire body seemed to have become one with the black thorns, unable to move at all!
When these thorns grew to a certain extent, from the upper part of the branches, crimson flowers began to bloom!
Si Miaoling smiled and walked in front of Ao Xiang. She reached out her hand and gently plucked a flower. She placed it at the tip of her nose and gently sniffed it. She softly said, "Always plan before you act. You can't bear the pain of losing your lover, so you are destined to never take revenge in this life."
"What are these black thorns? Aren't they too disgusting? These plants can actually feed on flesh and blood! "
"How pitiful … I'm afraid his entire body is filled with those black thorns!"
"Another god-level genius has been crippled. What is wrong with this world …"
Most of the people present did not recognize these black thorns. However, when the Mysterious Yin Old Man of the Mysterious Yin Mansion saw these black thorns, his face revealed a dignified expression. "That is a flower of flesh and blood that comes from hell. It grows specifically on the body … How did this little girl obtain it?"
However, just when everyone thought that the battle was over, Ao Xiang's immobile body suddenly trembled. A small insect appeared in his hand. This insect was only the size of a thumb and had a colorful eye on its back. The moment this insect appeared, it spread its wings and flew towards Ao Xiang's head.
When the insect flew halfway, Si Miaoling turned her hand and stabbed the flower in her hand. The flower branch pierced the insect and firmly nailed it to the ground.
Although this insect was small, it was abnormally fierce. Even though it was nailed to the ground by the flower branch, it still struggled with all its might.
Si Miaoling looked at the insect with a smile and said, "Three Corpses Gu, your determination to kill me is really strong. After this kind of gu enters your body, your strength will increase exponentially. However, you will also become a walking corpse. Even your soul will be devoured by this gu. After death, you won't be able to enter the path of reincarnation. This is what it means when the soul disperses …"
The Three Corpses Gu was an extremely vicious gu technique. After being possessed by the Three Corpses Gu, the possessed person would definitely die. Moreover, their death would be incomparably miserable. Even their brain matter and soul would be devoured by the Three Corpses Gu! However, after being possessed by the Three Corpses Gu, that person would become a killing machine. All of their potential would be completely unleashed. Using the Three Corpses Gu on himself was simply risking everything!
At this time, the light in Ao Xiang's eyes gradually dimmed. He was already in despair.
Unlike the Flower of Flesh and Blood, the Three Corpses Gu knew many people!
"He's actually willing to use the Three Corpses Gu on himself. This Ao Xiang must have a lot of determination!"
"For his woman, he actually dares to pay such a price. Sigh … what a pity."
"I've never heard of anyone who dares to use the Three Corpses Gu on themselves!"
Many martial artists were moved when they saw this scene. They pitied Ao Xiang even more in their hearts.
Luo Zheng clenched his fists tightly and stared motionlessly at the battle arena. His eyes were like ripples in water.