If there was one person who could empathize with what Ao Xiang was feeling right now, it would be Luo Zheng.
He came here with the same goal as Ao Xiang, and after witnessing Ao Xiang's miserable ending, it wasn't hard to imagine what he was feeling right now.
But, the miserable ending of Ao Xiang didn't shake Luo Zheng's determination to kill Si Miaoling. In fact, his determination had become even stronger. Right now, Luo Zheng had closed his eyes, trying his best not to look at Si Miaoling. He was afraid that he couldn't suppress his killing intent, and she would sense it.
Ning Yudie sat quietly behind Luo Zheng. She wanted to say something to him using her Profound Divine Sense, but in the end, she just let out a sigh. How could she change this young man's mind with just a few words? Besides, Luo Zheng had shown enough strength to prove that he was capable of fighting a Divine Core warrior. Besides, he had so many trump cards that no one could take them all in. Who knew what other powerful trump cards he had?
But …
If Luo Zheng had killed Si Miaoling, Cui Xie would have definitely intervened.
The three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance couldn't foresee that Luo Zheng would kill Si Miaoling, and there was no way he would tell them about this. Therefore, the three fat men wouldn't be able to stop the furious Cui Xie.
That also meant that Luo Zheng would be in a hopeless situation where he would surely die!
When Ning Yudie came to this conclusion, she gently gnashed her teeth as she stared at Luo Zheng. A determined look emerged in her eyes, as if she had made up her mind.
On the fighting stage, Si Miaoling stared at Ao Xiang who couldn't move, then she smiled and said, "I won't kill you, being alive is your greatest suffering. Actually, the Heavenly Devil Orgy Union Formation is beneficial for your lover as well. After sealing all six senses, your lover will be able to break through to the Divine Core realm, and she will also be able to absorb brother Cui's Yang energy. That way, she will be able to break through to the Void Tribulation realm. Furthermore, the Heavenly Devil Orgy Union Formation is a top level Orgy Union Formation, and within it, you will be able to taste the ultimate happiness …"
Hearing Si Miaoling's words, Ao Xiang who was tightly bound by the black thorns started trembling. Even the thorns on his body and the crimson flowers were trembling!
Luo Zheng stared at Si Miaoling with his lifeless eyes. His lips were covered with dried blood stains, and he spoke with a hoarse voice.
"What did you say?" Si Miaoling walked over to Ao Xiang and asked.
Ao Xiang said with great difficulty, "Old, old virgin …"
Hearing this, Si Miaoling's expression changed. She raised her hand and slashed it toward Ao Xiang's forehead. But, in the end, she stopped right in front of Ao Xiang's forehead. With an angry smile on her face, she said, "You're trying to provoke me and make me kill you, but I don't want to! Death is the only release for you right now!"
Before Ao Xiang came to Heavenly Awakening City, he had done a thorough research on Cui Xie and the people around him. He knew that Si Miaoling had followed Cui Xie for dozens of years, and the reason why she was still a virgin was because of the Heavenly Devil Orgy Union Formation. Also, Si Miaoling hated it when people called her an old virgin.
At this point, the outcome of the fight was clear. Only then did Old Man Xiao announce, "Independent warrior Si Miaoling wins, independent warrior Ao Xiang loses!"
After the light curtain barrier was removed, the people from the World Business Alliance carried Ao Xiang down from the arena. Now, it was Si Miaoling's turn to draw a card.
Her fair hand reached into the card drawing box and pinched a card. However, her pair of beautiful eyes looked at the high platform where the Cloud Hall was located, and her eyes met with Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng's heart thumped. He instantly realized that Si Miaoling wanted to challenge him!
Thinking about it, it was understandable. Even though Cui Xie didn't put him in his eyes from beginning to end, he still broke Cui Yun's heart of martial arts. He was a person who could become an emperor in the future, and he was also Cui Xie's only son! To Cui Xie, he wasn't unimportant. How could Cui Xie not hate him?
Killing him in the arena was the best way. Therefore, when Si Miaoling drew a card, she provoked him.
If she drew a challenge card, she would probably challenge him immediately!
What Si Miaoling didn't know was that this was the result that Luo Zheng had been dreaming of!
Therefore, whether it was Si Miaoling or Luo Zheng, they were all praying that she would draw a challenge card.
The small wooden card was opened. Seeing the two words "Exempt" written on it, Si Miaoling's face revealed a disappointed expression. She stared at Luo Zheng and then returned to Cui Xie's high platform.
Now, everyone understood that Si Miaoling wanted to challenge Luo Zheng. However, a challenge card alone wasn't very useful. If Luo Zheng didn't want to accept the challenge, he had a lot of exempt cards in his hands. He could refuse Si Miaoling's challenge.
In fact, Luo Zheng was also very disappointed. He had been waiting for this moment. Unfortunately, Si Miaoling's luck wasn't good enough. She didn't draw a challenge card.
After the deacons of the World Business Alliance carried Ao Xiang down, they began to help him remove the thorns in his body.
Those black thorns grew along Ao Xiang's meridians and destroyed almost all the blood vessels in his body. If they wanted to treat him, they had to pull out the thorns in his body one by one!
Every time they pulled out a thorn, blood would spurt out. The whole process was very bloody. The deacons were also busy going back and forth.
However, the people of the World Business Alliance were used to this. Since they chose to enter the arena, they had to be mentally prepared to be injured or even die.
Elder Xiao announced that the next battle would begin drawing lots.
"Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect versus Huang Jinglong of the Mysterious Yin School!"
It was another battle between the disciples of the Main Sect! And it was Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect!
As the only god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie was quite famous. Moreover, he was the youngest in the Martial Arts Conference and only had the cultivation of the Divine Reflection Stage. It was impossible for him not to attract attention.
"It's finally Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect's turn! I've been waiting for him for a long time. I'll bet everything on him! "
"No matter how fierce he is, he's only at the Divine Reflection Stage. So what if he's a god-level genius? Didn't Cui Yun get beaten up by Luo Zheng? "
"Yes, and Luo Zheng isn't even at the Divine Reflection Stage. Luo Zheng is at the fourth stage of the Divine Reflection Stage. It seems that god-level geniuses aren't that great. Xiao Jie's opponent isn't simple either. He's the eldest disciple of the Mysterious Yin School!"
The martial artists were very interested in Xiao Jie's first battle. The atmosphere quickly became lively.
Luo Zheng didn't put all of his attention on the arena. He was paying attention to Ao Xiang, who was receiving treatment.
Halfway through the treatment, Luo Zheng suddenly used a true essence sound transmission to say something to Ning Yudie. Then, Luo Zheng took a golden pill from Ning Yudie's hand. Then, he jumped down from the high stage and walked over to the half-dead Ao Xiang.
Ao Xiang's willpower was so strong that it far exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations. Almost half of the blood in his body had flowed out, and his entire body was riddled with holes. Even so, he was still conscious. It was just that he was too weak and couldn't move.
But when he saw Luo Zheng, his eyes revealed a strange look. He didn't have any friendship with Luo Zheng. In fact, he had traveled thousands of miles from the Hulun Plains. Besides his lover, he didn't know anyone else in Heavenly Awakening City.
Moreover, during the outer region trial, Luo Zheng had extorted many top grade true essence stones from him. What did he want to do here?
"A sixth-grade pill. It can save your life," Luo Zheng whispered.
This pill was something that Luo Zheng had asked Ning Yudie for. Luo Zheng might not have any relationship with Ao Xiang, and Ao Xiang's life or death wouldn't change anything. But when Luo Zheng felt Ao Xiang's determination, he felt that he should stand up.
Even Ning Yudie didn't have much of this sixth-grade pill. It was a high-grade healing panacea from the Cloud Hall.
"Why …?" Ao Xiang asked with difficulty.
Luo Zheng wrapped the sixth-grade pill with his true essence. With a light pinch, the golden pill was crushed. Then Luo Zheng's fingers moved slightly, and the powdered pill flew into Ao Xiang's mouth.
Hearing Ao Xiang's question, Luo Zheng blinked. Besides Ning Yudie and Ning Yudie's master, no one else knew the answer. Finally, Luo Zheng used a true essence sound transmission and said to Ao Xiang, "Why? Because we have the same goal. "
Ao Xiang's eyes had already lost their luster. He even thought that after this failure, even the meaning of living had disappeared.
But after hearing Luo Zheng's words, his lifeless eyes glowed. He opened his mouth slightly excitedly, "You, you …"
Ao Xiang was different from Luo Zheng. Before going to Heaven Awaken City, Ao Xiang had done a thorough investigation of Cui Xie. He not only investigated the identity of Si Miaoling, but also the identity of the other woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body. He thought that the woman was called Luo Yan, and her surname was Luo!
Luo Zheng's surname was also Luo. When Ao Xiang heard him say this, he almost instantly guessed Luo Zheng's identity.
(Thank God I can breathe fire, 5000 reading coins reward!! I had something to do during the day, sorry for the delay! I will try to speed up ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝