At this moment, the sixth-grade pill had begun to take effect. With such a high-grade healing pill, as long as the person wasn't dead, he could basically be saved.
However, Ao Xiang's meridians were almost completely damaged. Even if his body completely recovered, it would be difficult for him to return to his peak strength in a short period of time. He might not even be able to recover for the rest of his life.
At this moment, he didn't care about the condition of his body at all. Instead, he looked at Luo Zheng with an excited expression. The extinguished flame of hope in his heart was reignited.
If it was anyone else, they would be agitated. His plan to kill Si Miaoling had failed, so everything was over. There was no way to reverse this matter, unless Cui Xie let go of Ao Xiang's lover, but was this possible?
What Ao Xiang didn't expect was that there was someone else who was carrying out the same plan as him!
"Take your time to recover." Luo Zheng nodded to him, then returned to the high platform.
Not far away, Si Miaoling saw this scene and revealed a faint sneer on her face. Her gaze returned to the arena.
On the arena, Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect and Huang Jinglong of the Mysterious Yin Mansion were fighting fiercely.
Although Huang Jinglong was a middle stage Divine Core cultivator, and Xiao Jie was only at the extreme Divine Core stage, Xiao Jie had completely suppressed Huang Jinglong from beginning to end!
This god-level genius who was only 15 years old had fully displayed his terrifying strength.
Even if Huang Jinglong of the Mysterious Yin Mansion used all kinds of trump cards, Xiao Jie still easily received them. Because it was too easy, Xiao Jie didn't even use the Law of Space that he was so proud of.
After this battle ended without any suspense, Xiao Jie went to draw a card. Unexpectedly, Xiao Jie's luck was surprisingly good. The first card he drew was actually a challenge card.
"Challenge card …" Xiao Jie's slightly childish eyes stared at the wooden card in his hand, then his gaze fell directly on the high platform. He actually wanted to use this challenge card directly.
"Who does he want to challenge?"
"He just got a challenge card, and he wants to challenge someone. This kid …"
"The genius of the Void Spirit Sect really can't be underestimated!"
When Xiao Jie's gaze fell on Luo Zheng, he pointed at him. "I want to challenge you, Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Although Xiao Jie's cultivation was at the pinnacle of the Divine Realm and was a god-tier genius like Cui Yun, his strength seemed to be greater than Cui Yun's.
Before the fight with Si Miaoling, Luo Zheng didn't want anything to go wrong. Thus, he shook his head and said indifferently, "I refuse!" Then, Luo Zheng took out a waiver card.
Seeing the waiver card in Luo Zheng's hand, Xiao Jie couldn't help but pout.
At the beginning, Luo Zheng's performance had attracted Xiao Jie's attention. As Luo Zheng continued to defeat Divine Core warriors, Xiao Jie had set Luo Zheng as his second target. His first target was Cui Yun!
But, before Xiao Jie and Cui Yun fought, Luo Zheng had defeated Cui Yun, and destroyed Cui Yun's heart of martial dao with his absolute strength. Therefore, Luo Zheng had naturally become Xiao Jie's first target.
"You don't have the guts to fight me!" Xiao Jie said gloomily.
Luo Zheng shook his head with an indifferent expression. He didn't respond to Xiao Jie's childish challenge. If he had the chance, he would definitely fight Xiao Jie at the end of the Martial Dao Competition, but now wasn't the time.
Therefore, Xiao Jie could only pout and return to the Void Spirit Sect's stage, his face filled with anger.
"Sigh … actually, I really want to see Luo Zheng and Xiao Jie fight!"
"One is a fourth level Divine Reflection warrior, and the other is an Extreme Divine Reflection warrior. One of them is only 15 years old, and the other is not even 18 years old. The younger generation nowadays is getting more and more abnormal."
"Is Luo Zheng scared? I don't think so, he doesn't look like that kind of person! "
Luo Zheng had rejected Xiao Jie's challenge with the exemption card, and this made many warriors feel regretful. But, after giving it some thought, they knew these two men would fight sooner or later, so they weren't in a hurry.
Coincidentally, when Elder Xiao drew his lot again, his opponent was Luo Zheng!
"Cloud Hall's Luo Zheng versus Black Mountain Sect's Meng Ke!" Elder Xiao announced.
Black Mountain Sect's Meng Ke let out a mischievous laugh. His huge body was about to jump down from the stage.
But right at this moment, Luo Zheng said, "I refuse!" Luo Zheng had taken out his second exemption card!
"Why did he refuse again?!"
"What's going on? Luo Zheng still has a few exemption cards, right? Is he going to keep refusing? "
"Black Mountain Sect's Meng Ke isn't too strong, he's only an Early Divine Core warrior. His combat strength is far weaker than Cui Yun, and he's weaker than Xiao Jie as well. I don't know why Luo Zheng is refusing."
What made all the warriors feel even more strange was, in the following 13 matches, Luo Zheng's opponent was twice. But, both times, Luo Zheng had used his exemption card, and he had refused to fight. Even when he was facing an independent warrior with average combat strength, Luo Zheng still refused to fight.
Also, in these 13 matches, Si Miaoling had fought twice as well. She won both matches, and obtained a exemption card and a challenge card.
When she obtained the challenge card, Si Miaoling didn't use it immediately, she was waiting for an opportunity.
After Luo Zheng used up all the exemption cards in his hand, Si Miaoling smiled. She raised the challenge card up high, then with a gentle and pleasant voice, she said, "I choose to challenge Luo Zheng. This time … you can't refuse, right?"
Hearing Si Miaoling's words, Luo Zheng smiled. The reason he used up all the exemption cards just now was to eliminate Si Miaoling's worries, and allow her to challenge him on her own.
"Indeed, I can't refuse. But, why should I refuse?" Luo Zheng replied with a calm expression.
After saying that, just as he was about to step down from the stage, Ning Yudie's voice suddenly sounded out from behind him.
"Luo Zheng … be careful …" Ning Yudie warned.
Luo Zheng looked back. Ning Yudie's face was covered with a layer of icy mist, making it impossible for others to see her incomparably beautiful face. However, Luo Zheng could feel her worry. Luo Zheng nodded and said softly, "I understand."
After Luo Zheng walked down from the stage, Ning Yudie lowered her eyes and said softly, "Do you really understand …"
Luo Zheng, who had walked onto the stage, felt his heart start to beat faster. Every muscle in his body entered the most tense state.
He had been waiting for this opportunity for a long time. This battle was very important to Ao Xiang, and it was equally important to Luo Zheng. Perhaps, it was also very important to Si Miaoling. After all, Luo Zheng had destroyed Cui Yun's martial heart. In comparison, Cui Xie hoped that Si Miaoling could defeat him on the stage.
Just as Si Miaoling was about to jump down from the stage, Cui Xie suddenly frowned. "Miaoling, don't give him a chance."
Si Miaoling turned back and smiled sweetly. "Brother Cui, do you not believe in my strength? I will definitely avenge Little Yun 'er! That brat will definitely die. "
For someone like Cui Xie, it wasn't impossible to make up for the destruction of Cui Yun's martial heart. However, he would have to pay a considerable price to rebuild Cui Yun's martial heart. Moreover, there would be a lot of trouble in the process. For example, Cui Yun's temperament might change drastically, and she might even lose part of her memories.
This was because rebuilding one's martial heart involved the origin of one's soul and memories. Not to mention the Central Domain, even the people of the four Divine Kingdoms didn't have a deep understanding of this aspect.
Cui Xie didn't say anything else. He watched as Si Miaoling stepped onto the stage.
For some reason, Cui Xie had a strange feeling surrounding him. It was as if he was a prey that was being watched by a hunter. As the strongest person in the Central Domain, this feeling was unreal. As the strongest person in the Central Domain, who would dare to treat him as prey?
Si Miaoling's clothes had been torn by Ao Xiang, so she had changed into a light yellow outer garment. She had a faint smile on her face as she stared at Luo Zheng. "I don't understand!"
"What don't you understand?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"You deliberately used the exemption card in your hand and waited for me to challenge you?" Si Miaoling's eyes twinkled as she smiled.
This woman was very smart. Luo Zheng knew that it would be difficult to fool her. He chuckled and said, "Because I couldn't draw a challenge card, I could only wait for you to challenge me."
"Aren't you afraid of death? Or do you have the same goal as that guy called Ao Xiang? Speaking of which, you have the same surname as that little girl called Luo Yan. But it can't be such a coincidence, right? " Cui Xie didn't investigate Luo Yan's family in detail. After all, the Eastern Domain and the Central Domain were too far apart. Cui Xie didn't have the ability to personally go to the Blue Cloud Sect.
More importantly, Cui Xie believed that there was no existence in the Eastern Domain that could threaten him. No matter what Luo Yan's background was, Cui Xie didn't care at all. He only needed Luo Yan's Extreme Violet Yin Body.
This was also why Cui Xie couldn't remember who Luo Zheng was. After all, Cui Xie couldn't remember much about an ant.