No matter what, since they were standing in the arena, both sides had achieved their goals.
Because of Cui Yun, Cui Xie couldn't let Luo Zheng go. Therefore, killing Luo Zheng in the arena was the best choice.
And because of Luo Yan, Luo Zheng wanted to kill Si Miaoling from the very beginning.
There were endless bloodthirsty people in the Martial Arts Contest, but there was no contest like this one, where only one side could survive.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't speak, Si Miaoling gently moved her snow-white wrist. Little bits of purple True Essence spread out to the surroundings. "It's none of your business. Whatever your purpose is, you want me to challenge you. You can't turn back …"
After she finished speaking, the purple True Essence suddenly sped up and spread out rapidly. The entire arena was dyed with a purple luster. At the same time, the purple luster was flowing slowly, like a purple ocean.
Looking at the purple luster, Luo Zheng's face revealed a touch of vigilance. Previously, Luo Zheng had already shown 60% of his strength, but Si Miaoling was still indifferent. She was quite confident in her own strength. What kind of trump card was she hiding?
Luo Zheng didn't recognize what the purple luster was, but some warriors were already boiling.
"It's a Realm! It's actually the Extreme Violet Realm! "
"Realm? Isn't that something that only warriors who have stepped into the Divine Sea Realm have? "
"It should be because of Si Miaoling's Extreme Violet Yin Body. The Extreme Violet Yin Body is originally a very special constitution. Otherwise, Cui Xie wouldn't have spent so much effort to set up the Great Formation of Heavenly Devil Joyous Union!"
"Alas, it seems that Luo Zheng is also no match for Si Miaoling. I'm afraid that he can't escape the fate of certain death. His end is probably even worse than Ao Xiang's."
Shrouded in the purple luster, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. "Realm?"
Si Miaoling covered her mouth with two fingers and chuckled. She looked at Luo Zheng as if she was looking at a dead man. As the light curtain on the arena suddenly dispersed, six short throwing knives jumped out of her hands. Then she casually threw the throwing knives, and the six throwing knives shot in different directions.
"Swish, swish, swish, swish, swish!"
After the six throwing knives spread out to a certain extent, they shot towards Luo Zheng from different directions...
These six flying daggers sealed off Luo Zheng's six directions. No matter which direction Luo Zheng dodged, he would be attacked by a flying dagger head-on!
. Luo Zheng's eyes were calm. He gently squeezed his body and dodged a throwing knife in front of him. But just as he dodged the throwing knife, it suddenly bounced off a wall and changed its direction, shooting straight towards Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng's expression froze for a moment. In this moment of crisis, he suddenly lowered his body like a thousand kilograms drop.
Even with his reaction speed, the throwing knife still brushed past Luo Zheng's cheek, leaving a trace of blood on his face.
Si Miaoling's face was full of smiles. She said softly, "I told you, in my Extreme Violet Realm, you're just a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. You can't escape with your life …"
Luo Zheng didn't have time to listen to Si Miaoling's nonsense. These six throwing knives were obviously not ordinary weapons. They were at least high-grade immortal weapons. If he was hit by these throwing knives, it would cause a lot of damage to Luo Zheng. He had just dodged the first throwing knife. Behind him, five more were shooting towards him!
He turned over and was just about to dodge a throwing knife when a purple mist formed. As soon as the purple mist appeared, it turned into a hand and gently pulled Luo Zheng's leg!
Although the force of the pull was not great, it affected the operation of Luo Zheng's body movement.
"Puff!"
Just then, a throwing knife brushed past Luo Zheng's arm again and cut his robe.
In this Extreme Violet Realm, Luo Zheng seemed to be restrained everywhere. Although these restraints didn't have much effect on Luo Zheng and he only needed to use a little strength to break free, the problem was that there were still six deadly throwing knives. As long as his body moved a little slower, one of the throwing knives would sweep over him.
Therefore, although Luo Zheng nimbly dodged these throwing knives, more and more wounds appeared on his body.
Si Miaoling stood calmly on one side of the fighting arena, watching Luo Zheng struggle in her Extreme Violet Realm. Her face was full of smiles. "Where's your sword spirit? Why don't you summon that beautiful sword spirit? If it weren't for that sword spirit, you wouldn't be a match for Cui Yun … But even if you summon the sword spirit, it's useless. You can't break the Extreme Violet Realm. "
Just as Luo Zheng was dodging in a flurry, he saw an opportunity. His figure suddenly flashed. He took a small step forward, but in this step, he crossed the space and arrived in front of Si Miaoling in an instant. "Women really talk a lot of nonsense!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng threw a punch at Si Miaoling's face.
Si Miaoling didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to cross the space. When she saw Luo Zheng suddenly appear next to her, her face turned pale, and she closed her eyes tightly.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng didn't care about Si Miaoling's emotions. Without any hesitation, he threw a punch at her.
Luo Zheng had activated the strength of 300 dragon scales. Not to mention she was just a Divine Core warrior, even a False Tribulation warrior's body wouldn't be able to withstand this punch.
However, when Luo Zheng's fist landed on Si Miaoling's face, she immediately turned into a purple smoke and vanished in front of him.
The punch missed its target, and the tremendous force landed on the floor.
Even though the fighting stage was specially designed to evenly distribute the force that landed on it, the entire fighting stage still produced a loud bang, and a deep hole was formed in front of Luo Zheng.
On the other side of the fighting stage, Si Miaoling's figure reappeared amidst the purple smoke. She was giggling. "The Law of Space, what a surprise! You've actually comprehended the hardest Law to comprehend … I really don't know how you did it, but too bad, it's still useless."
The Law of Space, there were very few people in the Central Domain who could comprehend it. Even Daoist Dameng from the Cloud Hall only had a superficial understanding of the Law of Space.
Compared to the other Laws, the Law of Space could be said to be the strongest, and it was on par with the most mysterious Law of Time.
But, when all the warriors in the stands saw Luo Zheng unleash the Law of Space, they felt numb to it.
"I guess Luo Zheng has comprehended all the Laws …"
"Everyone's affinity with the Laws is different. It's impossible for one person to comprehend all the Laws. This is an ironclad rule!"
"He can be called a god-level genius just by comprehending two Laws. To comprehend so many Laws … What level of genius is Luo Zheng?"
These warriors naturally didn't understand what a "Law Baptism" was. In fact, before experiencing the Law Baptism, Luo Zheng's affinity with the Law of Space was the highest. Therefore, Luo Zheng chose to comprehend the Law of Space's obelisk first.
But after the Law Baptism, his body's affinity with all the Laws was adjusted to the highest level, and he no longer had the shackles of cultivating the Laws …
When Xiao Jie from the Void Spirit Sect saw Luo Zheng cross space with a single step, his face was full of depression. Xiao Jie was still young, so he often had to say what was on his mind. "Eldest Senior Brother, didn't you tell me not to compare myself with someone like Luo Zheng? He, he … even learned the Law of Space that I'm most proficient in! "
Completely comprehending the first level of the Law of Space had always been Xiao Jie's proudest achievement. This was also one of Xiao Jie's greatest trump cards.
After all, no warrior in the Central Domain had been able to completely comprehend the first level of the Law of Space. Only he, Xiao Jie, had done it. Furthermore, he only had the cultivation of an extreme Divine Reflection Realm. How could Xiao Jie not be proud of this?
However, what Xiao Jie never expected was that not only did Luo Zheng comprehend the Law of Fire, the Law of Wind, and the Law of Thunder … Now, he could even casually use the Law of Space. This was too much of a blow to him.
This god-level genius from the Void Spirit Sect had never fought with Luo Zheng before, but he was already shocked by Luo Zheng.
The eldest senior brother of the Void Spirit Sect was speechless for a long time after hearing Xiao Jie's words.
This eldest senior brother was originally a heaven-level genius and the most eye-catching person in the Void Spirit Sect. Later, a monstrous Xiao Jie appeared in the Void Spirit Sect, and the talent that he displayed completely convinced the eldest senior brother.
He had always firmly believed that Xiao Jie was the number one genius in the Central Domain since ancient times. Even Cui Yun could not compare to Xiao Jie!
But now, Luo Zheng had appeared. Although he wasn't able to compete with Little Jie, his cultivation was lower than Little Jie's, but the techniques he used weren't any weaker than Little Jie's. This completely overturned Eldest Senior Brother's worldview. He didn't know what to say.