Just as the Void Spirit Sect's Eldest Senior Disciple didn't know what to say, Daoist Qing Xu let out a long sigh. "What a pity, such a good seedling won't live long enough. Ning Yudie is still too young, why must she enter the Martial Dao Competition …"
Daoist Qing Xu's sigh was filled with emotion. Obviously, he also thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to break Si Miaoling's Extreme Violet Sphere, and that Luo Zheng would be the one to lose in the end.
On the spectator stand, Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao didn't have any smiles on their faces.
Even if Luo Zheng was able to quickly approach Si Miaoling with the Law of Space, he still wouldn't be able to pose any threat to her. What should they do now?
The situation on the stage was still very tense.
After mastering the first level of the Law of Space, Luo Zheng was able to teleport.
There were some warriors who could teleport with their incredible speed, but no matter how fast they were, they still needed time to teleport. It could be as short as a breath, or as short as a blink of an eye.
But, Luo Zheng's Teleportation allowed him to teleport across space! Theoretically, when he teleported across space, it didn't take him any time at all.
This unpredictable method of teleportation was more than enough for Luo Zheng to fight most Divine Core warriors, but it didn't work when facing Si Miaoling.
Within the Extreme Violet Sphere, Luo Zheng couldn't cause any harm to Si Miaoling. Whenever Luo Zheng arrived in front of Si Miaoling and threw a punch at her, she would turn into a purple smoke and disappear in front of Luo Zheng. At the same time, she would laugh out loud.
"Is it going to work?" Si Miaoling reappeared behind Luo Zheng and asked with a smile on her face.
Luo Zheng turned around and kicked her, but Si Miaoling disappeared once again and reappeared somewhere further away. She shook her head and looked at Luo Zheng with a teasing expression, as if she was teasing a puppy she had raised.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
Another three throwing knives were thrown at Luo Zheng from different directions.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. A silver light flashed in his hand, and a throwing knife was thrown out as well. With Luo Zheng as the center, it gently swung back and forth.
"Clang Clang Clang!"
The three throwing knives were instantly destroyed by Luo Zheng's broken throwing knife.
Actually, from the beginning, these three throwing knives couldn't cause any serious damage to Luo Zheng. That was why he was injured injured to hurt Si Miaoling Luo Zheng. He was just trying to paralyze to give her a surprise attack to kill her to deal.
But he didn't expect, he couldn't kill couldn't kill to kill to kill to kill to kill to kill to kill?
This was this to be.
Would she turn She turn turn, she would turn to attack her to turn? Can 'to To Kill to's?
T't to to's to to't to's to's to '''s to to to's True True She's, 'Be her''s't '''s her's, her '''s?!
"That should be the case!" Luo Zheng had been misled from the start. The Si Miaoling he was attacking was an illusion formed by the purple smoke. Si Miaoling had been talking and taunting him all this time. Her goal was to lure him into attacking her.
Then where was Si Miaoling hiding in the fighting arena?
Luo Zheng suddenly used his Spiritual Strength to sense the fighting arena in all directions. After he slowly released his Spiritual Strength, the confusion on his face became even more intense.
He didn't feel any fluctuations …
Where was Si Miaoling's' True True Body hiding?
"You want to use your Spiritual Strength to sense my existence? Not a bad idea, but it's a pity it's useless. "The purple smoke continued to condense in front of Luo Zheng. Si Miaoling appeared right in front of Luo Zheng.
"With your knowledge and strength, you simply don't understand what the Extreme Violet Domain is. For you, this is an unsolvable dilemma." Another wisp of purple smoke drifted, forming another Si Miaoling that floated beside Luo Zheng's body. She even leaned close to Luo Zheng's ear and whispered into his ear.
Looking at the two Si Miaolings, Luo Zheng struck out with his palm, and immediately turned them into two streams of purple smoke.
However, more and more Si Miaolings appeared on the stage. One, two, three, four … Every single one of them had the same expression on their faces. They all had a faint smile on their faces as they looked at Luo Zheng with indifference.
The most terrible thing was that these were not illusions. They could really hurt Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could do nothing to her.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face darkened. Where was her real body?
"Haha, this is the power of the Extreme Violet Yin Body. This woman has completely activated the characteristics of the Extreme Violet Yin Body. Her real body is already in the Extreme Violet Realm." Qinglong's faint voice rang out again.
"The Extreme Violet Realm?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right. The Purple Extreme Realm is a very small world. It can't be considered a big world. Any creature with the Purple Extreme Yin Body can form a connection with the Purple Extreme Realm after activating it. It's a bit like the connection between you and the Killing Sword Mountain. The only difference is that you can only store your Evil Qi in the Killing Sword Mountain, but this woman can directly hide in the Purple Extreme Realm. That way, she can rest assured! "Qinglong added," You also have to pay attention to the fact that although the Extreme Violet Realm is not big, someone has forged 990 billion giant swords. Anyone with the Extreme Violet Yin Body can use those giant swords to defend against enemies. The higher one's cultivation, the more giant swords they can summon. It's said that when the Extreme Violet Yin Body is cultivated to the peak, it can summon 990 billion giant swords at the same time and destroy the world … Here it is! "
As soon as Qinglong's voice fell, a giant sword suddenly appeared above Luo Zheng's head. The giant sword was about three meters wide and six meters long. The body of the sword was neither gold nor copper. There was a layer of green rust on its surface, as if it had been stored for a long time! The giant sword appeared in a vertical form, but as soon as it appeared, it slashed down toward Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng dodged in time, but there was a big gap in the arena. The arena was so strong, but it still couldn't withstand the giant sword's attack! Even if Luo Zheng's body was strong, it was impossible for him to withstand these giant swords!
After the giant sword slashed down, it gradually disappeared. Then, two more giant swords appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
"Bang bang!"
Two more deep trenches appeared on the fighting stage.
Luo Zheng had just dodged two giant swords when three more appeared above his head!
The Extreme Violet Yin Body was really tricky!
According to Qinglong, the so-called Extreme Violet Realm was not a big realm, but there were 990 billion giant swords in it. With Si Miaoling's cultivation, it was impossible for her to summon so many giant swords!
But it was not just 990 billion giant swords! In the current situation, if dozens or hundreds of giant swords slashed down, Luo Zheng would probably be smashed into meat paste!
"Bang bang bang bang …"
Four giant swords suddenly smashed down, cutting four more ditches in the arena.
Outside the arena, the martial artists in the stands were dumbfounded as they saw the giant swords appearing one after another, constantly slashing down.
"What the f * ck is this! So many giant swords appeared out of nowhere! "
"Where did so many giant swords come from? This giant sword can be sold for a lot of money, right? "
"The number of giant swords keeps increasing. If it keeps increasing, Luo Zheng can't do anything."
Five giant swords fell at the same time …
Six giant swords fell at the same time …
Ten giant swords fell at the same time …
As more and more giant swords fell on Luo Zheng's head, the space for him to dodge became smaller and smaller!
"She's hiding in the Extreme Violet Realm, so I can't do anything?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's not the case. There's a way to solve everything," Qinglong said with a smile.
"Why didn't you say so earlier!" Luo Zheng said angrily in his mind.
"You didn't ask …"
"Bang!"
A giant sword fell, almost touching Luo Zheng's forehead. The giant blade was embedded in the arena's platform, and then slowly disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"I'm going to die if I don't tell you now!" Luo Zheng once again broke through the dimension and arrived at another corner of the arena. But, those damn giant swords followed him like a shadow, not giving Luo Zheng any chance to catch his breath. Just as he arrived at the other side of the arena, another twenty giant swords appeared above his head!
"Haha, Old Ninth is always like this! Dilly-Dallying, not panicking at all! That woman is just a Divine Core warrior, there's no way she can travel in the Extreme Violet Realm and travel through dimensions. It's just that those with the Extreme Violet Yin Body can create special dimensional nodes that allow them to communicate with the Extreme Violet Realm! She's right in that dimensional node, all you need to do is to find that dimensional node! "The red dragon was an impatient person, and he immediately told Luo Zheng everything.
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng once again broke through the dimension and dodged the twenty giant swords above his head.
Right at this moment, the entire arena was in a mess. Huge cracks could be seen everywhere, and not a single spot was left intact.
"Node? Where is that dimensional node?" Just as Luo Zheng finished his question, another twenty one giant swords appeared above his head.
(These two updates are to make up for yesterday's missing two updates. That means there will be six updates today. You guys are so generous with your monthly tickets and rewards, I have no choice but to give it my all!)
＝＝＝＝＝