Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the two True Dragons said they didn't know at the same time.
"Her space node must be somewhere in the arena. Although the node is hidden, as long as you use the Law of Space to constantly travel back and forth, you will eventually be able to find it," Qinglong added.
"I see!" Luo Zheng's figure flashed and he took a step forward. Traveling through space, he once again dodged the 21 giant swords above his head.
As the 21 giant swords fell down heavily, half of the entire arena collapsed. This arena, which had taken the efforts of countless craftsmen, was now like a tilted sunken ship, with one end tilted up high and the other pressed into the ground.
Luo Zheng continued to shuttle between the giant swords, from top to bottom, left to right, while the True Essence in his body was constantly circulating, supporting Luo Zheng's use of the Law of Space.
One giant sword after another slashed down and then slowly disappeared. Luo Zheng's figure was also constantly swaying. Every time he shuttled back and forth, he would leave behind countless afterimages. Those were the shadows left behind by his shuttling through space, projecting illusions.
This scene confused the martial artists on the grandstand.
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do on the ground?"
"He can indeed effectively avoid those giant swords by constantly traveling through space, but as more and more giant swords appear, he can't escape death in the end."
"He's just stalling for time. Alas, what a pity. Si Miaoling is very likely to take first place in this Martial Arts Conference. I'm afraid the Rising Dragon Arena will fall into her hands."
Although these cultivators did not have the qualifications to participate in the Martial Arts Conference, they were very clear about the current situation. In their opinion, the cultivators with the most strength to compete for the top three should be the Void Spirit Sect's Little Jie, Si Miaoling, and Luo Zheng.
In this battle, Si Miaoling would not let Luo Zheng go, so Luo Zheng was bound to die. In that case, the final would most likely be between Si Miaoling and Little Jie, and Little Jie … seemed to be unable to break this Extreme Violet Field.
This Extreme Violet Domain was simply too perverted. She could not be harmed at all. With an unbreakable domain, who could defeat Si Miaoling?
There was a transparent crystal floating in Ning Yudie's hand. There was an eye hidden in the crystal. The eye was as big as a walnut, but it was unknown what kind of creature's eye it belonged to. It was like a living creature, and the eyeball could even move.
Her small hand clenched the lower half of the crystal, watching Luo Zheng's every move.
The Cloud Hall had a long history. As the second largest sect in the Central Domain, it had left behind a rich heritage.
The crystal in her hand was obtained by the thirteenth Sect Master of the Cloud Hall from the Arctic Ice Plains four thousand years ago. Then, he used a secret technique to seal it in the crystal and preserve it until now. This was the eye of a baby Cilie.
Although the Ci Lie Beast could not be considered a Super Divine Beast, it was the mortal enemy of a True Dragon. This Law Eye was the third Law Eye of the infant Ci Lie Beast. After being refined with a secret technique, it could be used three times.
In the history of the Cloud Hall, when it encountered a great crisis, this eye was used twice. With the power of this eye, it was enough to kill any False Tribulation Realm expert.
However, it was far from enough to kill Cui Xie. After all, Cui Xie was an existence that surpassed the False Tribulation Realm. However, with this eye's ability to destroy everything, it was possible to kill Si Miaoling, who was hiding.
Ning Yudie was very clear about the consequences of using the eye of destruction. It could even drag the Cloud Hall into a state of eternal damnation. Therefore, she hesitated and waited …
More and more huge swords appeared in the arena at the same time. Now, the number of huge swords had increased to 40!
The 40 huge swords slashed down at the same time, almost covering the entire arena. Luo Zheng could only shuttle between the huge swords and find an extremely narrow gap to hide in.
Several huge swords almost touched Luo Zheng's chest and back, smashing a huge hole in the arena.
"Whoosh …"
Before the next wave of giant swords fell, Luo Zheng's figure once again shuttled through space. This time, when he shuttled through space, he suddenly discovered that there was a slight change in space, as if there was a slight distortion in space at that moment!
The space in the Vast Thousand Realms was very stable, so Luo Zheng was unable to find the black line in the Vast Thousand Realms like the one in the Path of the Trial Taker. Therefore, Luo Zheng instantly realized that the distortion should be the space node, and Si Miaoling must be hiding in it.
Just as this thought arose in his mind, another 40 huge swords appeared and slashed down.
Luo Zheng's figure once again swayed forward and backward, circling the edge of the arena. After dodging the huge swords, he turned around, pulled out a long sword from his sumeru ring, and suddenly stabbed towards the space node! Moreover, his first move was the fiercest Collapsing Sword!
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do? Why is he suddenly attacking the void? "
"Could it be that he discovered something? Could Si Miaoling be hiding there? "
"Could it be that he was driven crazy by those huge swords? There's clearly nothing there, it's empty … "
Luo Zheng's long sword stabbed into the space node. Everyone saw a strange blooming of blood in midair. Then, a figure staggered out from there, clutching his chest and staring at Luo Zheng with a pair of vicious eyes.
"There's really someone! Si Miaoling is actually hiding in the void! "a martial artist shouted.
Luo Zheng held the Saint Grade long sword and stared at Si Miaoling, "Who said I can't break your Extreme Violet Domain?"
Si Miaoling covered her bleeding chest, and a touch of blood suddenly appeared on her gloomy and pale face. Then, she laughed, "I really didn't expect that you would use such a clumsy method to find me."
Being stabbed by a Saint Grade weapon didn't feel good. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's Saint Grade weapon didn't have any additional effects. Perhaps because it was a standard weapon, this Saint Grade weapon didn't contain any martial skills other than toughness and power that could contend with other Saint Grade weapons.
"I'm not interested in playing hide-and-seek with you. Since I've found you, then you … die!" Luo Zheng didn't stay any longer. His figure flashed again, and after crossing the space, his sword met Si Miaoling's face.
Si Miaoling's figure fluttered, but she still had a smile on her face. "I didn't expect that I'd still underestimated your strength. But if you think you can beat me like this, you're sorely mistaken!" After dodging Luo Zheng's sword, she stopped covering her wound and let the gurgling blood splatter. Then she laughed, "This move is a little unstable. Even I can't control it well …"
Si Miaoling's blood had just scattered on the ground, but it didn't seep into the ground. Instead, it kept jumping around like little insects.
The drops of blood lined up with each other, forming a unique rune. Then, the Genuine Vitality in Si Miaoling's body continuously drilled into the rune.
At the same time, another purple light shot into the space node that Luo Zheng had just stabbed.
Seeing this, Qinglong's vigilant voice suddenly floated in Luo Zheng's mind, "Luo Zheng, quickly kill this woman! She's summoning the True Spirit of the Extreme Purple Realm. Even if the weakest True Spirit descends, you'll still end up dead. No one can save you! "
Even when Luo Zheng was being crushed by the giant swords summoned by Si Miaoling, Qinglong was neither fast nor slow. Qinglong believed that those giant swords couldn't cause fatal damage to Luo Zheng.
However, at this time, Qinglong was a little anxious.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He took a step forward, arrived in front of Si Miaoling, and slashed down with his sword.
Si Miaoling's figure fluttered again. This time, she narrowly avoided the sword, but half of her long hair was cut off by Luo Zheng.
"Again!" Luo Zheng's eyes were surging with killing intent. He rushed toward Si Miaoling again, not giving her a chance to breathe.
Si Miaoling also understood that this was the most critical moment. Her figure flashed again.
However, Luo Zheng's swordsmanship, combined with the Law of Space, was very difficult to dodge. This sword pierced through Si Miaoling's ribs!
"Die!"
After piercing through Si Miaoling's body, Luo Zheng directly abandoned the Sacred Step Longsword in his hand. Instead, he rushed in front of Si Miaoling and suddenly punched out.
Luo Zheng had never been so cruel to a woman before. However, he understood that this woman in front of him had to be killed!
Seeing Luo Zheng's fist coming, Si Miaoling also knew that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't like an ordinary warrior's. Perhaps it was even more lethal than his sword.
At this critical moment, she waved her hand, and a purple barrier enveloped her.
"Barrier? It's useless! "
Luo Zheng instantly poured the energy of the Blood Jade Crystal in his left hand into the eggshell-like barrier.
"Crack …"
The barrier really cracked into pieces like an eggshell.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng ruthlessly punched Si Miaoling's chest again, directly smashing her from the air to the ground. The power contained in this punch was enough to shatter all the bones in Si Miaoling's body. She lay weakly on the ground as if she didn't have any bones.
Seeing the light on the Blood Talisman on the ground gradually dissipate, Luo Zheng finally relaxed. Luo Zheng didn't know what a True Spirit was, but he was sure that he wasn't a match for a True Spirit. If this woman really summoned her True Spirit, he was afraid that he would die today.