Luo Zheng slowly descended onto the arena, then he started walking towards Si Miaoling.
The punch just now was powerful enough to shatter all of Si Miaoling's bones, but it wasn't enough to kill her.
For an ordinary mortal, suffering such a serious injury was something that even the gods couldn't save. But for a Divine Core warrior, as long as he was treated in time, and with the help of some miraculous pills, such a serious injury was nothing.
But, Luo Zheng wanted to kill this woman!
"Luo Zheng won, he really won! Luckily I bet on him!"
"It looks like he wants to kill Si Miaoling! Does he have the guts to kill her? "
"I don't think so, Cui Xie is watching from the side!"
Seeing Luo Zheng walking towards Si Miaoling, all the warriors were whispering to each other. If Luo Zheng really had the guts to kill Si Miaoling, this matter would definitely become a big deal.
Ning Yudie was holding onto the crystal tightly with her tiny hand. She had injected her energy into it, and the Cilie Beast's Dharma Eye was moving around. She knew that Si Miaoling was someone Luo Zheng wanted to kill, and that was why she was so nervous right now.
"Luo Zheng, leave the arena, and I'll spare your life. If you take another step forward, you'll die!" Cui Xie's calm voice sounded out from the arena. His tall and sturdy figure walked to the edge of the arena, and yellow colored energy could be seen flickering around his fist.
The World Business Alliance's arena was built with solid Basalt, but with just a light step from Cui Xie, a crack immediately appeared under his feet. After that, the crack went through the entire arena, then it started spreading in all directions.
With just a light step, he had shattered the entire arena. The entire arena was dead silent, and only the crackling sound of the Basalt could be heard.
The Sect Leaders of the major sects were also silent. Even the usually naive and talkative Little Jie probably felt the tension in the situation and didn't say a word.
Luo Zheng stopped and looked at Cui Xie. Perhaps … Si Miaoling was also a very important woman to Cui Xie. But sorry, for Luo Yan, she must die.
Soon after, Luo Zheng once again passed through space. The long sword in his hand flashed with a cold light, and this time, Luo Zheng directly pointed it at Si Miaoling's neck!
"You're courting death!"
Cui Xie threw a punch at the arena.
As the most powerful person in the Central Domain, Cui Xie had not fought in front of others for many years. One could imagine the power of this punch!
As he punched through the air, it was as if he wanted to suck all the vital energy in the world dry. The golden fist flew towards Luo Zheng at an unimaginable speed.
Cui Xie was confident that he could kill Luo Zheng before Luo Zheng could kill Si Miaoling!
Once Cui Xie made his move, everyone sucked in a breath of cold air.
The most powerful person in the Central Domain had made his move, and his target was a Divine Reflection Stage junior. He was actually going to attack Luo Zheng!
However, at this moment, Ning Yudie's small hand also lightly clenched, and the crystal in her hand instantly shattered. The Ci Lie Beast's Law Eye that had been freed from the crystal suddenly shot out a dark golden light.
This light seemed to be able to destroy everything. It shot towards Cui Xie's fist at an extremely fast speed and dissipated it into nothingness!
"It's, it's, it's disintegrated … East Evil Monarch's punch, don't disintegrate!"
"It's the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall! Isn't the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall young and not very powerful? "
"She used a treasure. If I'm not wrong, it's one of the Cloud Hall's trump cards, the Ci Lie Beast's Law Eye of Annihilation … Legend has it that it's a supreme treasure that can instantly kill all False Tribulation Realm experts!"
Many cultivators were almost suffocated by this sudden turn of events. They could no longer think about what would happen next and could only watch passively.
Cui Xie snorted coldly. However, he didn't stop at all and punched out again.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's sword was already pressed against Si Miaoling's neck, and Cui Xie's fist fiercely blasted towards Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie's expression changed. She was about to rush into the arena when she suddenly saw that Luo Zheng's sword didn't stab down. He actually raised his head and smiled at Cui Xie.
Just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng was going to die, Luo Zheng actually let out such a strange smile. It was very strange.
"Boom!"
When this punch exploded, it suddenly erupted with an intense and violent might. The ones who suffered the most were the cultivators outside the arena.
The might of Cui Xie's fist was enough to cause rivers to stop flowing and mountains to collapse. The turbulent airflow set off a hurricane, blowing the cultivators in the stands to the side and causing them to fall to the ground!
Hua Tianming and the others were sitting in the last row of the stands. Their situation was slightly better, but they also left the stands and retreated further away. Their eyes were filled with shock, followed by endless worry!
After the might of Cui Xie's fist slowly dissipated, everyone once again looked towards the arena. Luo Zheng was actually standing there unscathed!
"Wha … What's the meaning of this? Luo Zheng blocked Cui Xie's fist? "
"Impossible, this is impossible even in a dream. How could he block Cui Xie's fist?"
"Cui Xie is a Life and Death Realm expert! He has already passed the third Heavenly Tribulation and is comparable to an Immortal. Luo Zheng is just an ant. This doesn't make sense! "
When everyone thought that Luo Zheng had turned into ashes, Luo Zheng was actually standing in the arena, completely unscathed. He didn't even move a single step. This was really too incredible.
Ning Yudie, Madam Poison Blood, Hei Ya, Taoist Priest Qing Xu, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Elder Xiao, who had already hidden to the side, all stared with their eyes wide open!
The cultivators in the stands probably didn't see what had just happened, so they were wondering why Luo Zheng was unscathed after taking Cui Xie's punch.
However, these Void Tribulation warriors clearly saw what had happened. Cui Xie's fist didn't hit Luo Zheng's body, it was blocked by the barrier in the arena.
"A barrier was able to block a Life and Death Realm expert's punch?" Taoist Priest Qing Xu had a complicated look in his eyes.
All of these mighty warriors were thinking quickly. No matter if it was Ning Yudie, Taoist Priest Qing Xu, or Shi Kefan, all of them immediately thought of the runes drawn by Luo Zheng. When he repaired the runes, Luo Zheng must have done something to them!
The barriers condensed by the Runic Matrices in the arena already had astonishing defensive power.
When this barrier was first designed, its purpose was to defend against the strength of a Divine Core warrior. Although most of the participants in the Martial Dao Competition were only at the Early Divine Core realm, and this year's participants were all at the Mid Divine Core realm. However, the defensive strength of this barrier was specifically designed based on the strength of a Late Divine Core warrior!
Even though Luo Zheng had redrawn some of the runes, and used perfect strokes to unleash the maximum power of the runes, the barrier could only block a single attack from an Early Void Tribulation warrior!
But now, Cui Xie, who had stepped into the Life and Death realm and had transcended three Heavenly Tribulations, couldn't break the barrier. This was unbelievable!
Perhaps even the Sect Protecting Formation left behind by the Void Spirit Sect's Son of Runes, Feng Guanyu, couldn't compare to this.
There were several tens of thousands of runes on the Sect Protecting Formation, and only the combined strength of several tens of thousands of runes could unleash this level of defensive strength. How many runes were there in this tiny barrier? It was only a few hundred runes! Besides, Luo Zheng had only redrawn a hundred Dao Obtaining Runes.
In the minds of all the Sect Chiefs, Luo Zheng had instantly become a priceless treasure!
A Sect Protecting Formation was extremely important to a sect. If a powerful enemy attacked, the Sect Protecting Formation would be able to hold on for a period of time, and wouldn't allow the entire sect to be destroyed by the enemy.
The Fourth Grade Sect, Blackmountain Sect, had once encountered something similar. At that time, the Blackmountain Sect had become enemies with an Early Void Tribulation warrior. That warrior wasn't a match for the Blackmountain Sect's Sect Chief, but he was extremely fast!
Whenever the Blackmountain Sect's Sect Chief went into secluded cultivation, or occasionally left the sect, that warrior would wreak havoc in the Blackmountain Sect. By the time the Sect Master of the Black Mountain Sect rushed back, the False Tribulation Realm martial artist had already fled.
It was just an Early Void Tribulation warrior that had caused a Fourth Grade Sect to suffer, and the Blackmountain Sect had no choice but to settle the matter peacefully …
If they had a Sect Protecting Formation, it would be extremely useful in this situation. At the very least, the Sect Protecting Formation would be able to hold on for a long time.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had only used a little more than a hundred runes. If he were to draw thousands or tens of thousands of runes, let alone defense, wouldn't he be able to kill a Life and Death expert just by activating the attack of this great formation?
With this thought in mind, it was easy to imagine how tempted these sect masters were. Even Madam Poison Blood, who hated Luo Zheng to the core, stared at Luo Zheng with her seductive eyes. She appeared to be very thirsty.