In the history of the Central Domain, Feng Guanyu was the one with the highest attainments in runes. The Sect Protecting Grand Array he had drawn was still in service in the Void Spirit Sect, playing a huge role.
The Sect Protecting Grand Array of the Void Spirit Sect was enough to withstand the attack of a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. If the Sect Protecting Grand Array was controlled by six martial artists, regardless of their strength, as long as they understood the principles behind the Sect Protecting Grand Array, they could even kill a False Tribulation Realm martial artist!
Such a Sect Protecting Grand Array was of little value to martial artists who didn't establish their own sect. However, to a sect, its value was enormous. It was even more important than a saint artifact!
However, ever since Feng Guanyu's death, no one in the world had a perfect brush stroke. Even if a new Sect Protecting Grand Array of the Void Spirit Sect was set up, the effect would still be far from meeting the requirements.
No one would have thought that Luo Zheng, who was in front of them, would only change a hundred or so runes, and be able to make the barrier of the arena reach such power. It could even withstand a punch from a Life and Death Realm martial artist. Was this guy really drawing runes? If it was a rune, what kind of rune could stimulate the energy to condense such a powerful barrier?
What Luo Zheng drew was, of course, not runes, but divine runes.
The sect masters of the Central Domain naturally couldn't imagine the power of divine runes.
In the True Dragon World, the Great Thousand Treasure Array drawn by Qinglong could even withstand the attack of a Super Divine Beast!
However, in the Central Domain, due to the limitations of materials, Luo Zheng naturally couldn't draw the Great Thousand Treasure Array. Moreover, Luo Zheng didn't have the strength to draw a nine star rune, or even a ten star rune.
Seeing his attack blocked by the light barrier of the arena, Cui Xie was more surprised than anyone else. Seeing the tip of Luo Zheng's sword pressed against Si Miaoling's neck, he coldly said, "I'm not interested in negotiating with an ant, but you're an exception. Speak, what do you want?"
In Cui Xie's view, Luo Zheng had enough time to kill Si Miaoling, but he still didn't kill her. He must have some purpose.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and looked behind Cui Xie. He said coldly, "Release Luo Yan."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Cui Xie was finally stunned. There were very few things that could make Cui Xie stunned. After a while, Cui Xie said with a complicated expression, "I remember, I've seen you before …"
At this moment, Cui Xie finally remembered that he had met Luo Zheng once at the Blue Cloud Sect!
In fact, Cui Xie should have thought of this from the beginning. However, with his status, he didn't care about Luo Zheng at all. After Luo Zheng broke Cui Yun's Heart of Martial Arts, Cui Xie's heart was filled with anger. All he wanted was to take revenge for Si Miaoling!
However, he neglected the fact that Luo Zheng had come straight for Si Miaoling. His goal was the same as Ao Xiang's.
In fact, what surprised Cui Xie the most was that the young man he had glanced at at at the Blue Cloud Sect had actually grown to this point in less than a year. Moreover, he had even found an opportunity to coerce Cui Xie into letting go of his sister. This was simply inconceivable!
"Ha, ha … I really don't understand. I, Cui Xie, just took away two girls, but these juniors still came looking for trouble with me. Is it because I'm not worthy of my title as the strongest man in the Central Domain? Am I too easy to bully?" Cui Xie suddenly said with a self-mocking smile.
"No," Luo Zheng said with a serious expression, "It's because you took away my sister."
Although Luo Zheng's words sounded calm, it was like a sudden clap of thunder in the minds of many cultivators.
His words were simply too arrogant …
Just because she was his sister, Cui Xie had to pay such a price?
Saying something like this in front of Cui Xie, wasn't he just courting death?
Many cultivators couldn't think straight anymore. Most of them were thinking the same thing in their minds.
How big was the gap between the Divine Reflection realm and the Life and Death realm? It was a gap of two whole realms, and the gap between them was the Divine Core realm and the False Tribulation realm. This was no longer the gap between an ant and an elephant, it was the gap between a mortal and an immortal!
Cui Xie stared at Luo Zheng with a sharp gaze. He was so angry that he started laughing. "Looks like you're even more arrogant than me! What if I don't let Luo Yan go? "
"She'll die." Luo Zheng said calmly. The longsword in his hand trembled a little.
"You dare kill her?" Cui Xie's expression darkened.
"Why wouldn't I?" Luo Zheng had promised Luo Yan that he would save her. If Si Miaoling didn't die, once the Six Senses Sealing Art was removed, Luo Yan would definitely be tortured by Cui Xie. Therefore, either Luo Yan was saved, or Si Miaoling was killed. There was no third possibility.
"Eastern Evil Lord, why don't we just let this matter go? After all, Luo Yan is his sister … "The Sect Chief of the Black Mountain Sect, Hei Ya, suddenly said.
Madame Poison Blood also spoke with a soft voice, "Brother Cui, this isn't a life and death grudge. It's understandable that Luo Zheng wants to take his sister away."
Both Sect Chiefs jumped out at this moment. Their purpose was simple, they wanted to side with Luo Yan. If they could convince Cui Xie to let Luo Yan go, they would be able to openly ask Luo Zheng to construct a Sect Protecting Grand Formation for their sect. With such a Sect Protecting Grand Formation, it would bring endless benefits to their sect. Perhaps, it wouldn't take them long to develop from a Fourth Grade Sect to a Fifth Grade Sect!
"Both of you, shut up!" Cui Xie scolded with a cold voice.
After being scolded by Cui Xie, Madame Poison Blood and Hei Ya immediately stopped talking. Although they were both experts at the Late Stage of the False Tribulation Realm, they were still not strong enough in front of Cui Xie.
Cui Xie waved his hand and pulled Luo Yan, who was standing there like a block of wood, over. He put his big hand on Luo Yan's delicate neck and said, "Luo Zheng, if you let Si Miaoling go, after I take Luo Yan's Primordial Yin, I can return your sister to you unscathed. What do you think?"
Luo Zheng's eyelids drooped. After a while, he raised his head and suddenly laughed loudly, "Hahaha!"
"What do you mean?" Cui Xie asked.
Luo Zheng pointed at him and said angrily, "You're dreaming! You took away a woman's most precious thing, and you want to return it to me unscathed? What a 'unscathed'! Hahaha! "
Hearing Luo Zheng's wild laughter, Cui Xie's face became gloomy, "Otherwise, after my Great Demonic Joyous Union Array, she will die a miserable death! After I ravage her, I will burn her bones and scatter her ashes! "
After saying that, he tightened his grip on Luo Yan's neck. However, Luo Yan was still as motionless as a block of wood. Her six senses had been sealed. She couldn't hear, see, smell, or even touch her skin. She was completely sealed.
"Miserable? So what if I kill her? "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a dangerous glint. He shook the sword in his hand, and with a flash of sword light, a stream of blood suddenly shot out from Si Miaoling's neck. He actually killed Si Miaoling with a single sword strike!
"You!" Seeing Luo Zheng kill Si Miaoling, Cui Xie's eyes almost split open. He never thought that this kid would have such guts!
Seeing Luo Zheng kill Si Miaoling in front of all the Sect Masters, their hearts skipped a beat.
Daoist Priest Qing Xu sighed inwardly. 'This is bad!'
The three Alliance Masters revealed bitter expressions. Today's matter couldn't be resolved peacefully! The three instantly arrived in front of the stage. Ning Yudie also walked down the stage. Cold Qi flickered around her body. Obviously, she had already entered battle mode.
In the stands, some of the more astute martial artists turned around and ran …
The aftershock of a False Tribulation Realm powerhouse's attack was enough to shatter these martial artists. Now that the number one person in the Central Domain, a Life and Death Realm powerhouse, was about to make a move, how could they continue? If they fought, even the slightest aftershock would be enough to kill a large number of people. If they didn't run now, when would they run?
"Luo Zheng was too impulsive. He shouldn't have killed Si Miaoling," Pei Tianyao shook his head.
Red Maple curled his lips, "I can only say that this guy is too fierce. He really dared to kill Si Miaoling. He's simply throwing caution to the wind. Is there anyone fiercer than him in this world?"
Hua Tianming thoughtfully said, "If it were me, I would also kill her."
"Why?" Pei Tianyao asked, puzzled.
"If he killed Si Miaoling, Cui Xie's Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array would have one less person. It would take him a lot of time to find the next Extreme Violet Yin Body woman who also needs to maintain her virginity. It might take a year, ten years, or even a hundred years. As long as he can fight for this time, he will have a chance to defeat Cui Xie," Hua Tianming said seriously, "And today, Luo Zheng might not necessarily fall into a dead end."
＝＝＝＝＝