In the world of martial artists, the law of the jungle was like a golden rule. It was reflected in all aspects.
If you were strong enough, then you were the sky. If you were strong enough, then everyone would bow down to you. If you were strong enough, then even if you called a deer a horse, or inverted black and white, there would still be people who would agree with you!
All money, power, and status needed to be protected by strong strength.
If a martial artist had an Extreme Purple Yin Body sister, then he would most likely be willing to offer her to Cui Xie. As long as he could ask for Cui Xie's protection, or even a little reward, then he would benefit immensely.
But today, Luo Zheng, who was as weak as an ant, was standing in the dilapidated arena. Yet, he had proven two words: dignity!
Even if Cui Xie was the strongest person in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng didn't show any signs of bowing down. When he killed Si Miaoling, he didn't hesitate at all.
Facing the furious Cui Xie, Luo Zheng's face didn't show the slightest ripple. His eyes were fixed on Luo Yan, the sister he cared about the most.
The wind was getting stronger and stronger.
The Yuan Qi of heaven and earth was also restless.
"Hualala …"
The basalt rock under Cui Xie's feet was already full of cracks. At this moment, it was collapsing circle by circle.
A torrential killing intent was brewing in Cui Xie's body. It was like a volcano that was about to erupt. Luo Yan's face was a little red because Cui Xie's hand was unconsciously strangling her neck. In order to take in more air, her chest was rapidly rising and falling.
Cui Xie didn't think that Luo Zheng would really dare to kill Si Miaoling. This kid didn't seem to know what fear was.
The dignified number one person in the Central Domain, a Life and Death Realm expert who had survived three life and death tribulations, was unexpectedly defeated by a Divine Reflection Realm kid! His bone age was only 18 years old. To Cui Xie, who had lived for hundreds of years, he was as young as a baby!
Cui Xie really wanted to squeeze Luo Yan's neck. If he exerted a little bit of force, Luo Yan's fragile neck would be crushed by him. However, he had already spent several decades gathering the three Extreme Violet Yin Bodies.
Si Miaoling was dead. If he killed Luo Yan as well, who knew how long he would have to wait for the Great Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array …
In the Life and Death Realm, one would have to face the tribulation of life and death. The Great Sky Demon Joyous Union Array was the foundation for him to break through the Life and Death Realm and reach the Divine Sea Realm. If he couldn't gather three Extreme Purple Yin Bodies, he would most likely die under one of the heavenly tribulations, never to reach the Divine Sea Realm in this lifetime!
"Since you killed Si Miaoling, then you should also die!" Cui Xie put Luo Yan aside and directly stepped down from the high platform. He walked in the air and walked towards the arena.
"Brother Cui Xie, please think twice about this!" Shi Kefan's face no longer had that playful smile on it.
"Those who stop me will die," Cui Xie coldly said as he walked in the air with heavy steps.
"Weng weng weng …"
A several zhang high ice wall appeared at the edge of the arena. The Profound Ice Halberd was placed behind Ning Yudie. Her face was filled with determination. "Luo Zheng is my Cloud Hall's disciple."
Cui Xie sneered as he looked at Ning Yudie. "Little girl, I advise you to step aside. You … aren't enough for me to beat!"
"So what?" Ning Yudie didn't show the slightest bit of fear. An Ice Phoenix flew over from the distance and stopped on Ning Yudie's shoulder. That Ice Phoenix also looked at Cui Xie with vigilance.
"If my disciple isn't enough for you to beat, then I'm afraid I'm not enough for you to beat either, right?" An old voice sounded. Then, a stooped figure appeared in the air and walked over with a cane. This old woman's steps were very slow, but her speed was very fast. In just a few steps, she was already standing in front of Ning Yudie.
"Master …" Seeing her master come over, Ning Yudie timidly shouted.
The old woman fiercely glared at Ning Yudie. In fact, the old woman was very dissatisfied with Ning Yudie's actions. After all, Ning Yudie's actions were tantamount to following Luo Zheng and bringing the entire Cloud Hall into the fire pit!
However, Ning Yudie was her beloved disciple. She didn't care about Luo Zheng's life or death, but she couldn't let anything happen to Ning Yudie.
"Granny Yu," Cui Xie shook his head, "You are indeed not enough for me to beat."
Ning Yudie's master, the previous Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, was also a Life and Death Realm expert. However, Granny Yu had only gone through one Heavenly Tribulation after entering the Life and Death Realm. Moreover, she was old and her Qi and blood were declining. She was no match for Cui Xie.
Just as they were confronting each other, another voice that was even older than Granny Yu's sounded, "In the Martial Arts Conference, life and death are up to fate. This is the rule set by our World Business Alliance for hundreds of years. Cui Xie, don't tell me you don't know this rule?"
Why did Cui Xie walk so slowly?
His goal was to test the waters.
The only people present who could make Cui Xie have some scruples was Granny Yu, and the other was the 1,700-year-old giant from the World Business Alliance!
As for Daoist Qing Xu and the Master of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, they might be a little troublesome for Cui Xie. However, this matter had nothing to do with their Sects, so they wouldn't interfere.
He didn't expect that the ancient giant from the World Business Alliance would still appear.
Cui Xie's brows wrinkled.
If it was a one-on-one fight, he was confident that he could win against these fourth-grade Sect Masters, fifth-grade Sect Masters, and even the ancient giant from the World Business Alliance. However, if he had to deal with these people alone …
Even if the three fat Alliance Masters worked together, Cui Xie would still have some trouble, not to mention Granny Yu and that 1,000-year-old monster.
"You don't have to pay the price for killing my people?" Cui Xie said indifferently. He was indeed the number one person in the Central Domain, but in the face of Tianqi City, which was surrounded by experts, he had no choice but to admit defeat!
"A debt of blood must be paid in blood. However, don't settle your conflict in Tianqi City. Outside of Tianqi City, no one will stop you." The old man from the World Business Alliance sat cross-legged, floating in the air. This old man was dressed very plainly, with only a plain white robe. Moreover, this white robe had many patches, as if it was an old robe that had been worn for many years.
"Is that so?" Cui Xie sneered. Suddenly, he stared at Ning Yudie and said with a smile, "I'm very interested in destroying the Cloud Hall. What do you think?"
"That's your own business," the old man replied.
"Okay." Cui Xie turned around and ordered two servants to collect Si Miaoling's body on the stage. Then, he took Luo Yan and another woman and was about to leave.
"Wait." Luo Zheng's voice sounded again.
Cui Xie turned his head and stared at Luo Zheng.
"You won't kill Luo Yan, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
Cui Xie sneered but didn't answer. It seemed that Luo Zheng wasn't qualified to ask him this question.
He left, but the pressure was still there.
Cui Xie was all alone. The Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had offended him today, so they were afraid that they would have to face his revenge.
Was it worth it for a little Divine Reflection Stage guy? Everyone thought about this matter at the same time.
After Elder Xiao removed the light barrier, he looked at the messy stage with an ugly expression. The stage was already ruined to this extent. Was the next battle still going to continue?
However, just as he removed the light barrier, Granny Yu staggered forward. With this step, Granny Yu arrived in front of Luo Zheng. The crutch in her hand swept across Luo Zheng's chest!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng, who was hit by the crutch, flew out and heavily smashed into the side of the stage. His whole body was embedded in the stage, and his surroundings were full of cracks.
"Master …" Seeing that Luo Zheng was hit by her master, Ning Yudie called out in a low voice.
"Cui Xie is definitely not a kind person. My Cloud Hall will face his endless revenge in the future. How can we live peacefully? How can we carry it forward? "Granny Yu's old face said angrily.
Luo Zheng came out of the stage and said sternly, "You were the one who told me that Si Miaoling would appear at the Martial Arts Conference!"
"I didn't let Ning Yudie throw herself into danger! Throw the Cloud Hall into danger! "Granny Yu said angrily.
That day, Granny Yu thought that Luo Zheng would kill Si Miaoling himself. She didn't think that Ning Yudie would appear!
If Ning Yudie didn't want to face Cui Xie, Granny Yu wouldn't have come forward either. Luo Zheng was indeed outstanding! But in comparison, Cui Xie was even more terrifying! A single Cloud Hall couldn't possibly fight against Cui Xie. If Cui Xie came to find them in the future, how could the Cloud Hall deal with him?
However, Granny Yu blamed the wrong person. After all, Luo Zheng didn't beg Ning Yudie to come forward. It was Ning Yudie who insisted on standing in front of Luo Zheng and offended Cui Xie.
In fact, Granny Yu also knew that today's matter couldn't be blamed on Luo Zheng. It was Ning Yudie who insisted on coming forward. However, she had always doted on this disciple. How could she vent her anger on Ning Yudie? She could only vent her anger on Luo Zheng.
In other words, Ning Yudie had saved Luo Zheng's life, and Luo Zheng had helped Ning Yudie take a blow from the crutch. No matter how one looked at it, Luo Zheng had still profited. If one included the Grandmist Celestial Scourge generated from the crutch, Luo Zheng's profit would be even greater.