Although Luo Zheng hadn't been able to bring Luo Yan back, he had achieved his goal of killing Si Miaoling and delaying the opening of the Great Demonic Joyous Union Array.
The Extreme Violet Yin Physique was extremely rare to begin with. Cui Xie had already spent several decades gathering three women with the Extreme Violet Yin Physique. As for the next Extreme Violet Yin Physique, who knew how long he would have to wait?
Perhaps ten years, perhaps fifty years …
No matter what, Luo Zheng was pressed for time. If he wanted to save Luo Yan, he had to quickly grow stronger. No one knew when the next Extreme Violet Yin Body would appear or when Cui Xie would find it!
Unfortunately, he and Luo Yan had parted ways. This time, they could only look at each other from afar. Luo Yan's six senses had been sealed, so they couldn't even communicate with each other through eye contact.
After Cui Xie left, he only left behind a high platform that had collapsed into pieces.
Many of the cultivators in the stands had lingering fears. They all looked at Luo Zheng and whispered to each other.
"This Luo Zheng is probably the craziest cultivator in the history of the Central Domain. He actually dared to kill someone in front of Cui Xie."
"Not to mention a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, even a False Tribulation Realm cultivator would tremble in fear in front of Cui Xie. Not only did he threaten Cui Xie, but he also killed Si Miaoling in front of him."
"What's even more amazing is that Cui Xie actually ate this humiliation and left! Heavens, is this still the Eastern Heretic Monarch? "
In everyone's hearts, Cui Xie was a supreme existence. Yet, he had been slapped in the face by a Divine Reflection Realm junior, who had even killed his people! This kind of thing was absolutely unprecedented and would never happen again!
If it weren't for the hundreds of thousands of pairs of eyes staring at him, who would dare believe that such a thing could happen?
Hua Tianming smiled faintly. "I guessed right. Luo Zheng did it."
Red Maple pursed his lips. "It's a pity that no one is betting with you this time. Otherwise, you would have made a fortune again." In the previous matches, Hua Tianming had won a lot of Red Maple's True Origin Stones. Unfortunately, besides returning the principal to Red Maple, Hua Tianming hadn't given him a single penny. This made the Red Maple feel extremely unbalanced.
"However, if Luo Zheng really wants to save Luo Yan, he still has a long way to go." Pei Tianyao said seriously.
Hua Tianming's gaze moved away from Luo Zheng and looked at the clear, cloudless sky. The deep vault of heaven revealed a strange shade of blue as she murmured, "Who doesn't have a long way to go on the path of martial arts …"
To become a martial artist, to pursue immortality, to surpass the peak, to roam the universe …
Many martial artists had set this goal for themselves from the beginning. However, since ancient times, there had been hundreds of billions of martial artists, and how many of them had been able to achieve it? The vast majority of people had fallen on the path of pursuing the peak of martial arts. Some had become piles of bones buried deep underground, some had become a stepping stone for others, and some had been dominated by greed and desire, falling into a monster that only knew how to enjoy life.
At this time, several Sect Masters walked down the high platform at the same time.
Madam Poison Blood smiled and said to Granny Yu, "Oh, Luo Zheng only did what he should do. He is also a disciple of your Cloud Hall. Why did you beat him so heavily?"
Granny Yu didn't have a good expression. She could understand Madam Poison Blood's purpose. Granny Yu said in a cold voice, "I am teaching my Cloud Hall disciple a lesson. What does it have to do with your Blood Wood Cliff?"
Madam Poison Blood didn't get angry at all. She turned to Luo Zheng and said in a soft voice, "Luo Zheng, come and let me have a look. It will be bad if you are injured. My Blood Wood Cliff has a kind of elixir …"
Hearing Madam Poison Blood's words, a layer of goosebumps appeared on Luo Zheng's body. He quickly said, "It's okay. I'm in good health. It's just a crutch. It won't hurt me."
Several Sect Masters paid so much attention to Luo Zheng because of Luo Zheng's rune technique. However, the Sect Masters of Blood Wood Cliff, Void Spirit Sect, and Black Mountain Sect couldn't ask directly. This question could only be asked by the fat man of the World Business Alliance.
No Sect would give up this opportunity to block the boundary of a Life and Death Realm master. No matter the price, they would get it. Even the World Business Alliance couldn't ignore it.
"Luo Zheng, that boundary … can you tell me what's going on?" Shi Kefan asked with a serious expression.
Ning Yudie and Grandma Yu's eyes flickered. No matter how Luo Zheng comprehended such a powerful rune technique, they didn't want Luo Zheng to say it.
Luo Zheng wasn't stupid. How could he admit to the matter of divine runes? He faintly smiled and said, "Alliance Master Shi, I was just lucky enough to obtain the rune inheritance of a senior. It was pure luck that I was able to block Cui Xie's punch."
While they were talking, Pagoda Master Nie and the others had already made their move.
If one had to say who was the most shocked by this boundary, it would be Pagoda Master Nie and the others.
After so many years of development, rune techniques had almost formed a perfect system in the Central Domain. It was very difficult for new developments to occur.
Therefore, very few new runes were born in the past few years. This was because all the paths that should be walked had already been walked by the predecessors. Even the most talented rune master would find it hard to find a new path.
This was also the reason why Feng Guanyu was able to become a legend in the rune world. Only Feng Guanyu's Sect Protecting Great Array could block the invasion of a False Tribulation Realm expert.
However, Luo Zheng's small display of skill today had completely overturned the concept of Pagoda Master Nie and the others.
In merely two hours, he had drawn more than a hundred runes and blocked Cui Xie's attack.
Until now, Pagoda Master Nie felt as if he was dreaming. He even had a premonition that because of Luo Zheng, the rune technique might advance by leaps and bounds.
Ever since the development of rune techniques hit a bottleneck, the status of rune masters slowly fell behind that of alchemists and refiners.
After all, alchemists could refine top quality pills to help martial artists break through realms. Or they could refine top quality medicines to help martial artists heal their injuries.
As for refiners, they were even more important. All sorts of Spirit Items, Immortal Items, and even Saint Items were created by refiners.
As for the runes created by rune masters, they could at most defend against the attack of a Divine Core warrior. Aside from the Sect Protecting Great Array of the Void Spirit Sect, all other runes couldn't do much to warriors above the Divine Core realm. Therefore, runes were slowly being used for cultivation. For example, the Illusion Formation was used to train the elites of the sect, and it was used to test their performance. Of course, these Illusion Formations were useful for the sect as well, but they weren't as important as pills and weapons.
Now, Luo Zheng had proven how frightening a rune master was!
Pagoda Master Nie dug out the runes that were buried not long ago with his bare hands. There were three big stone slabs, and each of them was engraved with three complicated Four Star Runes!
When the three of them each received a stone slab, they immediately poured their soul force into it!
Not long after that, a shocked expression emerged on the trio's faces.
"Just as I thought, these runes are completely different from the runes used in the Central Domain! This, this, how can they be so exquisite?!"
"The middle of the runes is forked, this is the biggest taboo in runes, how did it end up like this?!"
"I never expected this, I never expected this! The first half of the runes looked like useless runes, but when they extend to the bottom, they somehow connect back together! Is this something that a human can come up with?!"
Right at this moment, all three men were completely immersed in a special state, trying to sense the profoundness of the Divine Runes.
The complexity of the Divine Runes far surpassed the imagination of the Central Domain's Rune Masters. It must be known that the development of the Divine Runes in the higher realms took billions of years to develop. Moreover, the Divine Runes had experienced countless reincarnations. Compared to the Central Domain's rune techniques, it could be said that a wise old man who had lived for tens of thousands of years was compared to a baby who had been born for less than a day. The disparity between the two was simply immeasurable.
Just these three four star runes were enough to greatly benefit Pagoda Master Nie and the others. Their train of thought had been broadened. Because of this, Pagoda Master Nie and the other two managed to see through a trace of the Dao of Divine Inscriptions and jumped out of the rut of the Central Region's rune inscriptions. They brought the Central Region's rune inscriptions to a new height. Although it was impossible for them to surpass Luo Zheng's Divine Inscription Technique, they still created an era that surpassed Feng Guanyu. Of course, this was a story for later.
Seeing that Pagoda Master Nie and the others had directly dismantled Luo Zheng's runes, Daoist Priest Qing Xu and the other sect leaders wanted to ask for a piece so that they could properly study it. But when they thought about how the World Business Alliance might not let them go, they gave up in the end. It would be better to ask Luo Zheng for help in the future. The sect leaders were thinking about how to ask Luo Zheng for a price.