Cui Xie had withdrawn from the competition, he had given up on the Rising Dragon Arena.
However, there were still many sects and independent warriors on the scene, and none of them had given up on the Rising Dragon Arena.
Shi Kefan smiled. "The two men brought by Cui Xie have been eliminated. The rest of the competition will continue as planned, but the arena has been destroyed …" After saying that, Shi Kefan nodded his head at Yan Yueshan.
After that, Yan Yueshan left the scene of the Martial Dao Competition. But not long after that, the crowd heard steady footsteps approaching.
"Plop, plop …"
Everyone looked in the direction of the voice and saw Yan Yueshan using his fat body to forcefully carry the huge arena over.
The arena was about 60 meters wide, and in order to withstand the force of a Divine Core warrior, it was made with a very complicated process. Some of the materials used were even heavier than iron, and the weight of the entire arena was incredibly high. But, Yan Yueshan was able to withstand the weight of the arena with just his shoulders.
"Clang!"
Following an earth-shattering boom, Misty Yue Mountain covered the entire arena.
All the Sect Lords didn't have much of a reaction when they saw this. Most of the Void Tribulation warriors on the scene could do the same, but the warriors on the spectator stands were all cheering and praising Yan Yueshan.
With different thoughts in their minds, all the Sect Lords returned to their respective stands.
In fact, Luo Zheng's killing of Si Miaoling had fulfilled many people's wishes.
Although the few big sects had been enjoying a great reputation for the past few years, because of Cui Xie's sudden rise, all of them felt a deep sense of crisis. Even the World Business Alliance felt the same.
Now that Cui Xie was so powerful, it would often take two or three sects to join forces to restrain him. He had also expressed his ambition to establish a Divine Nation more than once or twice, but under such circumstances, the great sects could only pretend not to hear him.
If Cui Xie really set up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation and allowed him to break through to the Divine Sea realm, no one in the Central Domain would be able to stop Cui Xie. At that time, no matter if it was the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, or the Cloud Hall, they would only have two choices.
They would either submit to Cui Xie, or be destroyed by Cui Xie.
From this point of view, no matter if it was Daoist Qing Xu from the Void Spirit Sect or the three Lords from the World Business Alliance, they would have to thank Luo Zheng.
However, all the pressure would have to be shouldered by Luo Zheng and the Cloud Hall.
On the high platform, Granny Yu's face was as cold as ever. The wrinkles on her face seemed to have been carved with a knife.
Granny's face.................................
.............. It's useless to be angry. If Cui Xie comes to us in the future, how can we deal with him? How was he going to explain this to everyone in the Cloud Palace? . To the millions of disciples of the Cloud Hall? "
The Cloud Hall alone couldn't fight against Cui Xie. As the number one person in the Central Domain, Cui Xie could completely defeat the entire Cloud Hall with his own strength.
Granny Jade was a Life and Death Realm expert, but she had only survived one Heavenly Tribulation. She didn't know if she could safely survive the next one. Moreover, Granny Jade herself wasn't Cui Xie's opponent. If Ning Yudie mastered the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra and crossed the "line between life and death" to become a Life and Death Realm expert, she might be able to contend against Cui Xie.
But how difficult was it to cross the line between life and death? It wasn't something that could be accomplished in a day or two!
How could Ning Yudie not understand her Master's words?
When she rushed out a moment ago, she had weighed the pros and cons in her heart. If she offended Cui Xie, what would happen to the Cloud Hall? In the end, her emotions prevailed. She stood in front of Luo Zheng without hesitation. As for whether protecting Luo Zheng was a good deal for the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie no longer considered it.
Ning Yudie's expression was gloomy and full of guilt. "I'm sorry … Master, perhaps I really am not qualified for the position of Hall Master …"
Seeing Ning Yudie so guilty, Granny Yu also sighed. "Alas, I know you're temperamental, but your talent is top-notch. Not to mention other things, as long as you complete the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》, you'll be able to challenge Life and Death Realm experts as a False Tribulation Realm expert. When you break through the Life and Death Realm in the future, you'll definitely lead the Cloud Hall to become a fifth-grade Sect. You might even promote the Cloud Hall to become a Holy Land …"
If a sixth-grade Sect didn't contend for hegemony, it could become a Holy Land. If it contended for hegemony and established a Martial Artist's Nation, it would be called a Divine Nation. The Cloud Hall didn't have the heart to contend for hegemony. Being able to become a Holy Land was already a supreme honor.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly said with a serious expression, "Granny Yu, I have a way to deal with Cui Xie."
Granny Yu looked at Luo Zheng with a sarcastic expression. "Do you think that just because you killed someone in front of Cui Xie, he can't do anything to you? If it weren't for the World Business Alliance stopping him, I'm afraid you'd have turned into dust by now! If a Martial Artist doesn't have his own strength and relies on luck, he can't do this a second time! "
"Luck is also a kind of strength. Granny Yu, can you let me finish speaking?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Speak," Granny Yu said indifferently. Granny Yu didn't have a good impression of this brat Luo Zheng. This brat's sister had been kidnapped, and he dared to blame it on Ning Yudie. He was just a Divine Reflection Stage junior, yet he dared to bully her disciple. How could Granny Yu tolerate this?
However, Granny Yu could also see that Ning Yudie seemed to have feelings for him. She was biased towards Luo Zheng in every matter, so Granny Yu couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. What's more, Granny Yu could see that Luo Zheng had great luck. Granny Yu was a person who had crossed the line between life and death. How could she not see Luo Zheng's luck?
Among Martial Artists, luck was a very strange thing.
It was very difficult for those with great luck to die, and they could even swallow the luck of others. When a group of people took risks in a hopeless situation, the person with the strongest luck could swallow the luck of others. Therefore, in the adventure, everyone else would suffer, and only the person with great luck would survive, obtain all kinds of treasures, and safely escape danger …
Granny Yu was afraid that Luo Zheng's luck would be too strong and swallow the luck of the entire Cloud Hall, causing harm to the Cloud Hall.
How could Luo Zheng know what Granny Yu was thinking? He just said, "I want to abstain from the Martial Arts Conference."
"Why?" The deep wrinkles on Granny Yu's forehead twisted, and she stared intently at Luo Zheng.
In fact, the results of this Martial Arts Conference were gradually becoming clear. The biggest suspense was probably between Luo Zheng and Little Jie. However, there was still a female disciple by Nanhua Venerable's side who had been masked from beginning to end. Until now, she hadn't made a move, so perhaps there was also suspense.
But in any case, Luo Zheng had a great chance to compete for first place.
Ning Yudie's slender eyebrows also rose, and she looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze.
"I want to help the Cloud Hall build the Sect Protecting Array," Luo Zheng said slowly.
The Rising Dragon Stage was important to Luo Zheng, but only he held the secret of the Rising Dragon Stage. To put it bluntly, whoever entered the Rising Dragon Stage would be entering a dead end. Not only would they not be able to obtain any benefits, but they would also be imprisoned for a thousand years. This was no joke. For most people, a thousand years was no different from a death sentence.
"Sect Protecting Array …" Granny Yu's expression changed.
Just now, everyone had seen the power of Luo Zheng's barrier, and that was only the power of a hundred or so runes. If the Cloud Hall could really set up thousands of arrays, then it really could be used as a barrier to resist Cui Xie!
"Are you sure you can set up a Great Array to resist Cui Xie?" Granny Yu asked.
"I'm eighty percent sure," Luo Zheng nodded.
In fact, Luo Zheng was a hundred percent sure, but he didn't make it too clear. Not to mention other things, Qinglong had already devoured the Moonkin Evil Spirit, and his main body had recovered a lot of Soul Power. Even if Luo Zheng ran into some trouble, Qinglong could help.
Qinglong was able to set up the Great Thousand Treasure Array, a wondrous array that could destroy heaven and earth. A mere fourth-grade Sect's Great Array was only used to resist a Life and Death Realm expert, so it shouldn't be a problem for him.
Granny Yu had lived for so many years, so what couldn't she see through?
She nodded slightly, "In that case, there's no need to hesitate. If you want to set up the Sect Protecting Array, all the materials and costs will be paid by the Cloud Hall!"
Hearing Granny Yu's words, Luo Zheng muttered in his heart, 'Isn't this nonsense? I'll help you set up the Sect Protecting Array, so if you don't provide the materials, who will? ' This old woman's words were really … Of course, he didn't dare to say this out loud.
(Thank you, Chen Feng, for your twenty thousand monthly coins! Little Feng, five thousand coins! Also, Uncle Cai, Tiger Soul, thank you for your suggestions and rewards! Thank you to the readers who silently subscribed but rarely showed up in the book review section. I will stabilize my update schedule and work hard to update more. This is what I should do and must do. If you don't give up, I won't stop updating!)
＝＝＝＝＝