Under the unprecedented pressure, the Cloud Hall was no longer in the mood to compete for the Martial Dao Competition's ranking.
On the arena, Xiao Jie was fighting an independent warrior. Although the independent warrior was a Mid Divine Core warrior, he was still being played around by Xiao Jie. He was no match for a Divine Core genius like Xiao Jie.
When Xiao Jie felt that he had had enough, he casually defeated the independent warrior, then he left the arena and started drawing his card. When Xiao Jie carefully saw the word 'challenge' written on the wooden card in his hand, his eyes immediately lit up.
After that, he waved the challenge card in his hand and looked at the Cloud Hall's stage. The moment he drew the challenge card, he wanted to challenge Luo Zheng!
But, before he could say anything, the Palace Chief of the Cloud Hall said with a soft voice, "The Cloud Hall has withdrawn from the Martial Dao Competition!"
"Ahh …" Xiao Jie's excited expression froze on his face. Soon, a wronged expression emerged on his face. "Why, why is this happening?!"
Ning Yudie continued, "I'm sorry, everyone, I have something to deal with in the Cloud Hall, so I'll have to withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition …"
A few elite disciples in the Cloud Hall were surprised as well. They didn't hear the conversation between Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Granny Yu just now. Therefore, when they heard the Palace Chief's words, they couldn't accept it. The Cloud Hall was qualified to compete for the Rising Dragon Arena, why would they withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition?
The spectators were discussing amongst themselves, and their voices were loud enough to reach the clouds.
"Why did the Cloud Hall withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition just like that?"
"I still want to watch the battle between Luo Zheng and Xiao Jie, why did they withdraw from the Martial Dao Competition?!"
"This is too much, are they giving up on the Rising Dragon Arena?!"
These martial artists couldn't analyze the situation, but the Sect Masters of the several major Sects were well aware of the situation. After Cui Xie threatened to exterminate their Sects, if they were in his shoes, they wouldn't be in the mood to participate in the Battle Assembly. Now that they had left in a hurry, perhaps they had to make preparations. If Luo Zheng could really arrange a super Sect Protecting Great Array, perhaps it could really block Cui Xie's anger.
After Ning Yudie made the announcement, she left with Grandma Yu, followed by the elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. Before leaving, Luo Zheng suddenly flew in front of Elder Xiao and gave him a small slip of paper, "This slip of paper, please read it yourself, Alliance Master!"
Xiao Jie, who was at the side of the arena, suddenly jumped up and came to Luo Zheng's side. With a sad face, he begged, "Luo Zheng, please don't go, okay? Fight with me before you leave! "
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "Sorry, if there's a chance in the future, I'd like to exchange pointers with you."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xiao Jie suddenly pouted. He wanted to directly make a move and force Luo Zheng to fight with him, but he was afraid that his Master would reprimand him. In the end, he could only watch as Luo Zheng left.
Elder Xiao turned around and handed the slip of paper to Shi Kefan. Shi Kefan opened the slip of paper and read it. His bean-sized eyes suddenly widened, and beads of sweat almost came out.
It turned out that Luo Zheng had told him the secret of the Rising Dragon Arena in the slip of paper. Anyone who entered the Rising Dragon Arena without the Dragon Bloodline would be imprisoned for a thousand years!
"No wonder the people who entered the Rising Dragon Arena haven't returned yet, this is really a big trap …" Shi Kefan murmured.
Ever since Luo Zheng returned from the Upper Realm, the Black Mountain Sect had sent a disciple named Xuan An to enter the Rising Dragon Arena. They had even hung the disciple's Life Jade Tablet on the Rising Dragon Arena. The Life Jade Tablet had never been broken, but Xuan An had never returned. No one knew what had happened, but they were sure that Xuan An was not dead.
In order to solve this mystery, the World Business Alliance had sent several people into the Rising Dragon Arena. What made people feel helpless was that none of these people had died, but none of them had returned! In order to prevent these people from becoming obsessed with the Upper Realm, before sending people up, they even threatened to kill their families if they did not return in a few days.
Even so, not a single cultivator had returned, which was very strange.
What Shi Kefan never expected was that Luo Zheng's slip of paper would finally solve this mystery. It was not that they did not want to return, but that once they went up, they would be imprisoned for a thousand years. What made Shi Kefan break out in cold sweat was that he almost wanted to go up as well, but he gave up the idea after being dissuaded by Mo Haishan.
Then, Shi Kefan handed the slip of paper to Yan Yueshan and Mo Haishan. After reading it, the two of them exclaimed, 'This Luo Zheng is too good at tricking people. If he hadn't taken the initiative to say it, who knows how many people he would have tricked …'
"Wait," Mo Haishan was a man of few words, but his thoughts were the most meticulous, "If that's the case, how did Luo Zheng return safely from the True Dragon Realm?"
"This …" Shi Kefan shook his head, "We can only find a chance to ask Luo Zheng. That kid has more secrets than those old monsters in the Life and Death Realm."
After the people from the Cloud Hall left the Martial Arts Conference, they went straight to the teleportation array in Tianqi City. A giant teleportation array was built between Tianqi City and Cloud Sea City. This teleportation array was also built by the World Business Alliance, so the people from the Cloud Hall could be considered to have borrowed it.
Through the teleportation array, they had just returned to the Cloud Hall when the elders of the Cloud Hall were welcoming them at the main entrance of the Cloud Hall.
"We welcome the Hall Master," the elders said in unison.
As soon as Ning Yudie's feet touched the ground, she immediately said, "The Cloud Hall has entered a state of alert!"
The elders looked surprised, but they did not know what could make the Cloud Hall enter a state of alert.
"Hall Master, what happened?" Mister Zhuo asked from the side.
Ning Yudie hurriedly walked forward. When she heard Mister Zhuo's question, she only explained, "A strong enemy will invade!"
"A strong enemy?" The elders stared, their faces full of puzzlement. In the Central Domain, there were not many people who could make the Cloud Hall view them as strong enemies. Void Spirit Sect? World Business Alliance? The Cloud Hall had a good relationship with these two forces. Apart from them, what other strong enemies were there?
Ning Yudie did not explain, and directly threw out a sentence coldly, "Tell Zong Rui to come to my palace!" Then, she entered the Cloud Hall's main entrance.
As for Granny Yu, Luo Zheng, and the others, they also followed behind Ning Yudie, leaving only Daoist Master Dameng.
Daoist Master Dameng was walking with several elite disciples of the Cloud Hall. Now, only he could explain to the elders. Looking at the elders' questioning expressions, Daoist Master Dameng slowly said, "This time, the Cloud Hall's strong enemy is Cui Xie."
"What!" Mister Zhuo was the first to jump up. "Why did we provoke this fiend!"
The Eastern Heretic King Cui Xie was both righteous and evil. It was best not to provoke this kind of person. If they really did, any sect would have to bear the consequences!
They never thought that participating in a martial arts conference would bring such a strong enemy to the Cloud Hall!
"What happened, Daoist Master Dameng?" Mister Zhuo said coldly, "I need you to give me an explanation!"
Daoist Master Dameng frowned at Mister Zhuo's tone. However, this matter concerned the safety of the Cloud Hall, so Daoist Master Dameng did not haggle over it. He still recounted the events that happened at the martial arts conference.
After the elders finished listening, they immediately exploded. Their faces all darkened, and many of them even revealed expressions of righteous indignation!
"This is too outrageous! Our Cloud Hall's ten thousand years of heritage is going to be ruined by a mere Divine Reflection Realm brat? "
"Offending Cui Xie for a Divine Reflection Realm brat! Does the Hall Master treat our Cloud Hall's millions of martial artists as child's play? Does he want to bring our Cloud Hall into a state of eternal damnation? "
"I've already said it. How can a little girl be qualified for the position of Hall Master? So what if her talent is high? We shouldn't have supported her in the first place! "
Mister Zhuo's face was overcast. After thinking for a while, he slowly said, "According to Big Dream, everything is because of Luo Zheng. That Cui Xie also came for Luo Zheng. If that's the case, then there is a simple way to resolve this matter!"
"What way?" an elder asked.
"Hand over Luo Zheng!" Mister Zhuo clenched his teeth and said.
Daoist Master Dameng heard this and smiled bitterly, but did not speak. Perhaps Mister Zhuo's method could really help the Cloud Hall survive this crisis. Handing over Luo Zheng should be able to extinguish Cui Xie's anger.
But would Ning Yudie agree?
If Ning Yudie was willing, then she wouldn't have stood in front of Luo Zheng.
Don't look at Ning Yudie as a little girl. Once she decided on something, let alone these elders, even the previous Hall Master, Granny Yu, would not be able to change her mind!
However, Daoist Master Dameng did not speak. From the bottom of his heart, he stood on Ning Yudie's side. He had a premonition that Luo Zheng was worthy of the Cloud Hall's investment.