Granny Yu had already stepped down from her position as the Hall Master. As long as the Cloud Hall didn't encounter a life and death situation, she wouldn't appear. Therefore, after returning to the Cloud Hall, she only gave Ning Yudie a few words and left everything else to Ning Yudie to handle.
As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie not only needed to have outstanding talent, but also the wisdom to manage the Cloud Hall. This crisis of the Cloud Hall was also a big test for Ning Yudie. Granny Yu could die at any time in the next life and death situation, so it was impossible for her to assist Ning Yudie for the rest of her life.
After returning to her ice palace, Ning Yudie nimbly freed her pair of white feet from her single shoes and leaned on a wide chair, while the Ice Phoenix perched on the back of the chair.
Luo Zheng stood on the side of the palace, waiting for Zong Rui to come.
The Sect Protecting Great Array was probably the most important task for the Cloud Hall, so they didn't stop at all after returning to the Cloud Hall.
At this moment, there was no one else. Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie's tired face and asked, "You're under a lot of pressure."
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng with a smile, "You should be the one under a lot of pressure."
"I'm not under any pressure. As long as I have enough time, I believe I can build this Sect Protecting Great Array," Luo Zheng said seriously.
"Then why should I be under pressure?" Ning Yudie smiled slightly, and that smile even had a hint of mischief.
Although Ning Yudie said so, how could she not be under a lot of pressure? The position of Hall Master might be a strong temptation for others, but for Ning Yudie, it was a heavy burden. Her shoulders were too narrow, and carrying the position of Hall Master made her feel as if she was walking on thin ice most of the time, let alone this crisis.
Luo Zheng also knew that she was just comforting him, but he didn't say anything. The only thing he had to do now was to set up the Sect Protecting Great Array as soon as possible.
Who knew that instead of Zong Rui, a group of elders from the Cloud Hall came.
Mister Zhuo aggressively led several elders into Ning Yudie's palace and directly forced his way in front of Ning Yudie. Mister Zhuo glared at Luo Zheng, and then said to Ning Yudie aggressively, "Palace Master, why don't you hand this kid over? At the very least, he can get Cui Xie's forgiveness. Why should we, the Cloud Hall, take responsibility for this brat offended Cui Xie? "
After these elders came in, Ning Yudie's expression returned to normal. She looked coldly at Mister Zhuo and said, "I have my own considerations about the problem you mentioned."
"There's no need to think about it, right? Palace Master, for the sake of our Cloud Hall's millions of disciples, five second-grade sects, and Cloud Sea City, could it be that we can't compare to this … this Divine Realm brat? "Another elder stared at Luo Zheng and said angrily.
"The inheritance of the Cloud Hall has been passed down for tens of thousands of years. It can't be destroyed because of this brat. Palace Master, in the past, I've always obeyed your orders, but today, you have to give me an explanation!" An elder said.
"If our Cloud Hall is destroyed by Cui Xie, this brat will be the main culprit! He will be the biggest sinner of our Cloud Hall! "An elder pointed at Luo Zheng and said sternly.
Apart from Zong Rui, the elders of the Cloud Hall were all at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Elders like Mister Zhuo and Daoist Master Dameng were at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Facing a group of False Tribulation Realm martial artists, Luo Zheng slightly closed his eyes.
Ning Yudie chuckled. She looked at Mister Zhuo and said, "Hand over Luo Zheng? Can you guarantee the safety of my Cloud Hall? "
"Of course. Luo Zheng doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. He actually dares to go against the Eastern Evil King. It's really unwise. He's courting death, so why does he want to drag my Cloud Hall down with him?" Mister Zhuo continued, "Now, the most sensible thing to do is to drive this brat out of my Cloud Hall! So that my Cloud Hall can avoid disaster! "
Ning Yudie smiled and asked again, "Mister Zhuo, how many years has it been since my Cloud Hall was established?"
"It's been 35,446 years since the first Palace Master established it!" Mister Zhuo cupped his hands and answered.
"More than 30,000 years." Ning Yudie stared indifferently at Mister Zhuo and said, "The Cloud Hall has existed for such a long time. It doesn't matter if it's a few more years or less, right?"
"What do you mean by that, Ning Yudie?" Mister Zhuo didn't quite understand.
"I'll correct what you just said. If Luo Zheng didn't kill Si Miaoling, Cui Xie would've been able to set up the Great Demonic Joyous Union Formation in less than two years. Once he crosses the Life and Death Realm and steps into the Divine Ocean, he'll proclaim himself as an emperor and establish his Divine Nation! At that time, not to mention our Cloud Hall, even the World Business Alliance and the Void Spirit Sect would've been destroyed by Cui Xie! Tell me, did Luo Zheng harm our Cloud Hall or save our Cloud Hall? "Ning Yudie sneered.
"This …" Mister Zhuo was instantly swayed by Ning Yudie's words, and couldn't refute it for a moment.
In essence, Ning Yudie's personality was that of a little girl with a sharp tongue, or rather, a little girl with a sharp tongue and extraordinary talent. There weren't many people who could win against her in a debate. As long as she thought about it, who knew how many excuses she could come up with?
"Even if that's the case, that's a matter of a few years later. The Void Spirit Sect and the World Business Alliance are more urgent than us. Even if the sky falls, they'll hold it up. Why don't they kill Si Miaoling? Why do they need our Cloud Hall's disciples to do it? And then offend Cui Xie for no reason? "another elder said.
Ning Yudie sneered. "You're so timid. Do you really have the qualifications to be an elder of our Cloud Hall? Cui Xie is indeed the number one person in the Central Domain, but is he really that scary? "
"It doesn't matter if Cui Xie is scary or not. Hall Master, Luo Zheng must be handed over," Mister Zhuo said stubbornly.
"Yes, we must hand over Luo Zheng!"
"This scourge will definitely steal our Cloud Hall's luck!"
"If the Cloud Hall is destroyed because of Luo Zheng, can you bear the responsibility, Hall Master?"
The voices of the elders rose and fell. They suddenly felt colder and colder. Unknowingly, the temperature in the ice palace had dropped very low.
Surrounded by the cold air, the elders looked at Ning Yudie's cold face and finally subconsciously shut their mouths.
She was sitting on her chair when her eyes swept past the elders like two icicles. "You seem to have forgotten who the Cloud Hall Hall Master is."
"But …" Mister Zhuo wanted to speak again, but when his eyes met with Ning Yudie's, he couldn't help but shiver.
"I'll take care of the Eastern Heretic King. You don't need to worry. If you say any more nonsense …" Ning Yudie didn't finish her sentence. The ice phoenix behind her had already spread its wings. Its feathers were like ice blades, emitting a blue icy light.
The elders realized that Ning Yudie was really angry.
After all, Ning Yudie was the Cloud Hall Hall Master. Although she had a childish side like a little girl, she also had a cold-blooded side. No elder could bear the consequences of angering her.
Mister Zhuo looked deeply at Luo Zheng again, as if he wanted to engrave Luo Zheng in his mind. Then, he turned and left. The elders also left the ice palace without saying a word.
When this group of people walked to the entrance of the ice palace, Zong Rui was hurrying over. When he saw the elders, he ran up to greet them. "Mister Zhuo, Elder Hai, how are you … Eh?"
The elders didn't even bother with Zong Rui. They angrily brushed past him and left!
Zong Rui rolled his eyes and muttered, "Did these old guys take the wrong medicine?"
Just as Zong Rui stepped into the ice palace, he suddenly felt a surge of cold air. His body stiffened, and he muttered, "Looks like they quarreled quite fiercely just now …"
When he reached the end of the ice palace, Zong Rui saw Ning Yudie. He cupped his hands and said, "Zong Rui greets the Hall Master."
"I called you here to ask you to do something," Ning Yudie said calmly.
"Just tell me, Hall Master." Zong Rui could see that Ning Yudie was angry. How could he dare to say anything else?
"Last time, I gave you the Sect-Protecting Formation of a sixth-rank sect. How is your analysis going?" Ning Yudie asked again.
"This … a sixth-rank sect's Sect-Protecting Formation of a Holy Land is too complicated. I'm afraid it will take me three to five years to understand it," Zong Rui said.
"Throw it away," Ning Yudie said again.
"Ah? Throw it away? " Zong Rui almost thought that he had misheard. The Sect-Protecting Formation of a Holy Land was a very precious thing. Why did she want him to throw it away?
"From today onwards, you will assist Luo Zheng in creating a new Sect-Protecting Formation. All the materials, including the resources of the Cloud Hall, will be used as much as possible." Ning Yudie stared at Zong Rui and said, "Remember, you are assisting Luo Zheng!"
Ning Yudie emphasized again. Zong Rui was stunned. "Starting today?"
"Yes, starting today," Luo Zheng, who had been silent all this time, suddenly said.
"Is there a need to be in such a hurry?" In Zong Rui's mind, drawing a rune required one to be calm and composed. According to the rules of the Runic Tower, to draw a rune, one had to first take a bath and change clothes. Then, one had to burn incense and wash their hands.
A Sect-Protecting Formation often took a year or even a few years to complete. It was not something that could be completed in a day or two. Why was there a need to be in such a hurry?
"Not in a hurry?" Luo Zheng chuckled. "If you're not in a hurry, perhaps Cui Xie will come tomorrow …"
Luo Zheng's words made Zong Rui a little dizzy. Let alone Cui Xie coming tomorrow, even if it was a month later, the Sect-Protecting Formation would not be completed!