Drawing a Great Sect Protection Formation was far more difficult than the one Luo Zheng had drawn in the arena that day.
A Great Sect Protection Formation needed a formation that could protect the entire sect. No matter how small a sect was, it was still many times bigger than a stage.
For example, taking the Blue Cloud Sect as an example, the size of the entire Blue Cloud Sect was almost comparable to the Burning Heaven Imperial Capital!
However, the Cloud Hall was a special case.
After all, the entire Cloud Hall had been separated from its foundation and was floating in the sky.
Even though it was built on a huge floating rock, there was a limit to the size of the floating rock. Therefore, as a fourth-rank sect, the Cloud Hall wasn't that big.
In addition to a defensive formation, it also needed a means of attack. A Great Sect Protection Formation couldn't just take a beating and not retaliate.
After leaving the Ice Palace, Zong Rui retrieved the measurement data of the entire Cloud Hall. Then, Luo Zheng floated above the Cloud Hall and looked around before slowly descending.
"How many divine runes are needed for this Great Sect Protection Formation?" Luo Zheng asked. The person he was asking was naturally Qinglong in his mind.
"Hehe, if it's a Nine-Star Divine Rune, only one is needed," Qinglong replied.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. A Nine-Star Divine Rune, wouldn't it only take one to destroy the entire Central Domain?
Not to mention that Qinglong couldn't draw a Nine-Star Divine Rune, even if he could, Luo Zheng couldn't find the materials.
"However, the Cloud Hall isn't that big. I've estimated that if it's a three-star and four-star divine rune, you'll need about four thousand nine hundred of them. Among them, you'll need three five-star divine runes. The key is that you need to find enough materials," Qinglong said seriously.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Materials are the first problem to be solved."
After a rough estimate, Luo Zheng began to list out the materials. He found a table and started waving the pen in his hand. According to the information provided by Qinglong, he listed out the materials one by one.
"Earth-Shattering Rhino Horns, twenty!"
"Purple Field Wood, four!"
"Wu Chen Incense, two hundred coins …"
"Golden Threaded Leaf …"
"…"
"…"
Lists after lists of materials were listed. Zong Rui's scalp went numb as he looked at them.
Although Ning Yudie had made it very clear that she was only assisting Luo Zheng in the construction of the Sect Protecting Great Array, the price of each material was sky-high, and they were very difficult to find. If she wanted to get them in a short period of time, she would have to pay double or even triple the price to buy them.
Seeing Zong Rui holding the list of materials and unable to take a step forward, Luo Zheng asked curiously, "What's wrong?"
"The things on this list …" Zong Rui muttered as he pointed at the materials on the list.
"You can't buy them?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked. He was afraid that some materials were too rare and couldn't be purchased.
"I can buy it, but isn't it too expensive?" Zong Rui made a rough calculation. Just this list alone had used a lot of top-grade true essence stones. "If I buy all these materials, I'm afraid it will consume nearly half of the Cloud Hall's savings!"
Luo Zheng asked with a smile, "Spending half of the true essence stones, or the destruction of the Sect, which would you choose?"
"Nonsense!" Zong Rui said.
"Then gather these materials, the sooner the better. Whether it's a high-priced auction or something else, if necessary, we will snatch them," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Since Luo Zheng said so, Zong Rui distributed the list of materials to the many Deacons of the Cloud Hall.
It had to be said that the efficiency of the Cloud Hall was still very strong.
About one-third of the materials were stored in the Cloud Hall itself, and the other one-third were scattered in the Cloud Sea City and the five major Sects under the Cloud Hall. After Zong Rui passed the order, the five second-grade Sects under the Cloud Hall continuously transported the materials to the Cloud Hall.
As for the last one-third of the materials, Zong Rui could only personally lead people to purchase them from the World Business Alliance.
Every time he obtained a material, Luo Zheng would use a thick brush to tick it off on the list. Gradually, more and more ticks were added to the list.
Three days later, all the materials on the list were ticked off. In other words, all the materials had been gathered.
After gathering these materials, Luo Zheng temporarily borrowed Zong Rui's place.
Just like Tower Master Nie and the others of the Runic Tower, Rune Masters had very high requirements for the environment. Zong Rui's place was set up on the side of the Cloud Hall. One could see the rolling sea of clouds from outside the empty hall. The environment was very good.
There were many people standing in the hall. Some of them were Zong Rui's assistants. They were specifically used to distribute the materials and make the ink. However, because Zong Rui was afraid that there wouldn't be enough people, he transferred several Deacons over to help temporarily.
After the first batch of rune ink was produced according to Luo Zheng's requirements, Luo Zheng had already spread out a piece of rune paper and was holding a rune pen tightly in his hand.
When the first bottle of rune ink was brought over, Luo Zheng dipped his rune pen in the rune ink and finally drew the first stroke.
According to Qinglong's design, this sect protecting array had a total of 4901 runes. The rune that Luo Zheng drew was only a three-star rune.
The instant Luo Zheng's rune pen touched the rune paper, his Soul Strength quickly activated the properties of the material in the ink. It blossomed with a fiery red light. This rune was a fire attribute offensive rune!
The tip of the brush gently danced on the paper like a stream of fire, continuously painting the surface of the paper. Those runes were like blossoming flames.
Seeing Luo Zheng casually draw perfect strokes, he was also dumbfounded.
Inside the Cloud Hall, if there was someone who was the happiest, it would be Zong Rui. Zong Rui's talent and talent weren't weak. In terms of martial talent, he could be considered as a Heavenly rank genius. However, he had been immersed in the Dao of Runes all his life, and that was why he was still a Divine Core warrior. If he had to choose between the Cloud Hall and the Dao of Runes, he would definitely choose the Cloud Hall.
Although Zong Rui couldn't draw the perfect strokes, watching Luo Zheng draw the rune with perfect strokes was enough to make him happy!
Luo Zheng's hands were steady, and he didn't mess up the lines he drew. No matter how complicated the runes were, he was able to draw them smoothly. Not long after that, a three-star rune was successfully drawn.
Luo Zheng didn't stand up, he just nodded his head. An assistant immediately took the rune away and placed it on the side of the hall, waiting for the ink on the paper to dry.
After that, the second rune, the third rune …
For 12 hours, Luo Zheng maintained the same posture. The Rune Brush in his hand didn't stop for a single moment.
During the first hour, Zong Rui asked Luo Zheng if he needed to rest, but Luo Zheng shook his head and continued drawing.
Zong Rui didn't expect this guy to draw continuously for 12 hours!
Drawing a rune would consume a lot of soul energy. Although a Rune Master's soul was stronger than an ordinary warrior's, what did it mean to draw a rune for 12 hours?
Zong Rui's skill in Runes could be ranked amongst the best in the Central Domain. He had once studied in the Runic Tower, and when he left the Runic Tower, his soul energy was ranked within the top 10. Even so, after drawing five runes in a row, he felt dizzy, and needed to rest for a few days before he could continue drawing runes!
This was why Zong Rui thought it would take at least a year, or even a few years, to set up a Sect Protecting Formation! Drawing runes wasn't like drawing graffiti. The problem was that Luo Zheng looked no different from drawing graffiti. It was as if he could draw runes at his fingertips!
Zong Rui naturally didn't know how strong Luo Zheng's soul was. He simply couldn't imagine that a Divine Reflection Realm kid actually had the soul of a Battle Soul!
After continuously inscribing for twelve hours, Luo Zheng finally felt a trace of exhaustion. This was a sign that he had overexerted his Spiritual Force. Hence, he stopped inscribing Divine Inscriptions. In the corner of the hall, over two hundred 3-star Divine Inscriptions were neatly arranged.
At this rate, he would finish drawing runes in about a month.
At this time, Zong Rui could only sigh. Not to mention how difficult it was to draw runes that he didn't understand at all, even if Zong Rui had to draw a 1-star rune for six hours straight, his soul would probably collapse.
This kid's soul must be made of iron!
After resting for a night, Luo Zheng's spirit was full again. He began to draw runes again. The assistants in the hall also busied themselves with breaking down materials, drying them, and grinding them. These processes were also very complicated.
At this time, the temperature in the hall dropped slightly. Ning Yudie floated in. The assistants and deacons shuttling back and forth in the hall all saluted the Palace Lord. Ning Yudie waved her hand slightly, indicating that they shouldn't disturb Luo Zheng.
Her eyes, which were as warm as the sun, glistened like a tranquil valley. With a refreshing classical charm, she quietly gazed at Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to notice. He was only focused on waving the tip of his brush, immersed in the world of runes.
(Thanks to Chen Feng for once again tipping 20,000 reading coins, becoming the first Master of this book! In the future, the four chapters will be finished before 11 pm. The update time will also stabilize. Then, the chapters will be released ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝