The clouds that surrounded the Cloud Hall all day long quietly dispersed, and a few rays of golden sunlight shone in, outlining Ning Yudie's slender and elegant figure.
She silently watched Luo Zheng for a long time before floating away.
To Ning Yudie, this was actually an irrational gamble. She had just placed her bet, and now she was facing great pressure from the elders of the Cloud Hall.
Although Granny Yu, Daoist Master Dameng, and the other elders didn't give her too much resentment, Ning Yudie knew that they didn't understand her actions either.
This bet was too big, and it was very likely that the Cloud Hall would be lost …
Just as she walked out of the Cloud Hall, she saw Mister Zhuo and the other elders aggressively surrounding her. In addition to the elders, there were also many patriarchs of third-rank clans and sect masters of third-rank sects.
These patriarchs and sect masters were all forces of Cloud Sea City, and they had always been vassals of the Cloud Hall. If the Cloud Hall collapsed, it would bring about a tsunami-like earthquake, and they would also be in great trouble.
Placing the hope of resisting Cui Xie on Luo Zheng was indeed not a wise decision.
"Hall Master, please reconsider. How can a fourth-rank sect place its hopes on Luo Zheng!"
"Hall Master, our Cloud Returning Sect has been loyal to the Cloud Hall for two hundred years, and we will follow the Cloud Hall to our deaths. But we can't just because of a Divine Realm kid …"
"Handing over Luo Zheng is the only way!"
All kinds of words came one after another, some were passionate, some were angry, some were heartfelt, and some were helpless. Like a violent storm, Ning Yudie felt as if she was about to be drowned, and as a Temple Master, she couldn't even find a way to escape from all of this.
After a while, Ning Yudie finally dealt with this group of people.
Returning to her ice palace, Ning Yudie's expression was wooden as she watched the Ice Phoenix gently float over and perch on her shoulder. She lightly bit her thin lips and unconsciously spat out a curse. "Damn it, what a loss …"
But she was this kind of woman. Once she chose a direction, she wouldn't change her mind. Even if the road ahead was thorny and painful, she would bear it and press forward.
How could Luo Zheng not know the kind of pressure Ning Yudie was bearing?
But Cui Xie could come to "visit" at any time, so Luo Zheng could only put all his energy into drawing the runes.
Even though Luo Zheng's soul was at the War Soul Realm, drawing Divine Runes at such a high intensity would still consume a lot of his energy. He would draw Divine Runes for sixteen hours a day, and the remaining eight hours would be used to recover his mental strength. This was a test for Luo Zheng's soul.
The first day and the second day were still fine.
On the third day, Luo Zheng almost didn't want to wake up from his sleep. The excessive extraction of soul energy had caused his soul to be extremely tired, and he couldn't recover with just a short sleep.
Luo Zheng had no choice but to wear the Soul Nurturing Jade that Shi Kefan gave him. At the same time, he swallowed some soul nourishing pills.
In this period of time, Luo Zheng's soul had become more stable as he desperately squeezed out his soul energy. His soul was faintly plated with traces of dark green light.
The Battle Soul Realm wasn't the end of the soul. Above the Battle Soul Realm was the Blue Soul Realm. However, in order for his soul to enter the Blue Soul Realm, he still needed a lot of tempering. It was far from what Luo Zheng could hope for right now.
During this period of time, Ning Yudie would find an opportunity to visit Luo Zheng.
In the face of the pressure from all aspects of the Cloud Hall, she could only slightly relax when she saw Luo Zheng's incomparably serious face.
During this period of time, the Cloud Hall also paid close attention to Cui Xie's movements. According to the information obtained by the Cloud Hall, after Cui Xie left Tianqi City, it seemed that he was looking for a way to cure Cui Yun's Martial Heart.
A broken Martial Heart was almost a devastating blow to a warrior. From then on, the warrior would not be able to recover from the setback and would even lose the confidence to survive.
It wasn't easy to repair a Martial Heart. Even if it was repaired, there would be some side effects, such as the trouble of memory loss, and the mind might even be damaged. And if left alone, it would become more and more difficult to repair as time passed. This was because a warrior's memory would become more and more profound. Therefore, Cui Xie's first goal wasn't to find trouble with the Cloud Hall, but to repair Cui Yun's Martial Heart.
This news might be the only good news for the Cloud Hall. At least, it helped the Cloud Hall gain a lot of time.
Unknowingly, more than half a month had passed. On the 19th day, the 4,900 divine runes were finally drawn. There were only three five-star divine runes left, which were also the most important ones.
The materials for these three five-star divine runes alone cost 4,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. They were also the three most important divine runes in the Great Sect Protection Array. The entire Great Sect Protection Array, which had more than 4,000 divine runes, relied on these three five-star divine runes to build up.
The first five-star divine rune was called the "Light of Abundant Water." This divine rune could gather the power of 1,400 divine runes and condense them into a Great Sect Protection Array.
The second five-star divine rune was called the "Fury of Thunder Punishment." This was an offensive divine rune that could stimulate an offensive effect similar to that of a Thunder Tribulation.
The third five-star divine rune was called the "Frenzy Trap." This was a trap rune. It needed to be triggered by the other party before it could be activated.
These three five-star divine runes weren't personally drawn by Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng had a high chance of completing these three divine runes, the materials were far too precious. If there was even the slightest mistake, it could very well be destroyed.
It wasn't that the Cloud Hall couldn't take out so many True Origin Stones. Unfortunately, there were some materials that couldn't be bought with money in a short period of time. Now that they were facing a great enemy, Luo Zheng wasn't willing to take this risk.
A massive piece of rune paper was placed in front of Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng picked up the brush, a wisp of Qinglong's soul sank into the rune brush. The brush tip heavily fell onto the paper, suddenly erupting with a water-like luster. This luster contained a strong power of Water Laws!
One-star to four-star divine runes didn't have high requirements for the power of Laws. But to draw a five-star divine rune, one had to be proficient in the power of Laws. For example, to draw the "Watery Light" rune, one had to be completely proficient in the first level of the Water Laws. Otherwise, it would be impossible to draw it.
For example, there were some Divine Pattern Masters in the higher realms who cultivated the power of Laws of Fire and Thunder. Then, they wouldn't be able to draw the "Watery Light" rune. This was because in order to stimulate the special properties of the ink, one had to have a thorough understanding of the Water Laws.
Seeing Luo Zheng's brush tip blossom with a watery light, Zong Rui sucked in a deep breath of cold air!
Zong Rui could also draw a five-star divine rune, but how could a five-star divine rune require such a strong power of Laws? Was this fellow really drawing a five-star divine rune, and not a six-star or seven-star divine rune?
"Once the power of this divine rune is stimulated, just how great will it be?" Zong Rui couldn't help but look forward to it.
In the Central Domain, the highest level of divine rune was only at the six-star divine rune level. Moreover, in the current world, only a few old fellows in the Runic Tower could barely draw it. However, they simply didn't need such a strong power of Laws!
This was also the strength of divine runes. If one had to calculate, the power of this five-star divine rune was roughly comparable to the power of an eight-star divine rune in the Central Domain. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng was so confident in this Great Sect Protection Array!
The strokes on the divine rune paper were like tiny rivers flowing with extraordinary splendor. They intertwined with each other, complex and full of beauty.
Drawing the "Watery Light" rune took Luo Zheng four hours. After four hours, Luo Zheng drew the final stroke and finally formed a perfect divine rune.
"Hualala …"
Everyone in the hall could hear the melodious sound of flowing water. This Divine Imprint was like a landscape painting that had come to life, causing everyone to feel a gentle and soft intent, as though they were immersed in the environment.
When the ripples on the divine rune gradually subsided, the aura emitted by the Law of Water gradually disappeared. Only then did the hall slowly return to normal.
Luo Zheng glanced at Zong Rui, then said with a calm expression, "Next one!"
At this moment, a clamor came from the entrance of the hall.
"Ning Yudie announced that she was going into seclusion these days. I think she's just running away! The Cloud Hall is about to collapse. How can she hide in her own ice palace and not come out? She's too irresponsible! "
"She must give us an explanation!"
"I heard that Luo Zheng is drawing some bullshit divine rune here. It's just a Great Sect Protection Array, what's the use of it! Catch this brat and either hand him over or force Ning Yudie out! "
The clamor came closer, and soon, a group of people appeared at the entrance.
Zong Rui's face was ashen and gloomy. Luo Zheng was at the most critical moment, and this group of idiots actually dared to cause trouble here.