During this period of half a month, a strong feeling of danger had suffused the entire Cloud Hall and Ocean of Clouds City. Even the 5 2nd Rank Sects under Ocean of Clouds City had sensed danger, and they were filled with panic.
In addition to Mr. Zhuo spreading the news in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's deeds in the Martial Arts Competition had also slowly spread through various channels.
A junior in the Divine Reflection Realm had killed one of the opponents in front of the number one person in the Eastern Domain, and had even left safely.
This was originally a great topic of conversation. After adding details and details, Luo Zheng was simply described as an omnipotent figure. Like many legendary stories, it was spread by word of mouth in pubs, teahouses, and restaurants.
"I heard that Luo Zheng didn't even bat an eyelid in front of Cui Xie. He sliced Si Miaoling's neck with his sword!"
"Cui Xie is an expert in the Life and Death Realm. He can kill with a single glance, but he was actually defeated by a teenager. I can only say that there are geniuses in every generation, but this talent is too …"
"He was originally a genius, and he destroyed the heart of the god-level genius Cui Yun with just his mouth. Hehe, I don't know what level of genius this guy is. The concept of talent in the Central Domain can't describe his evilness at all!"
"Unfortunately, although he escaped unscathed, he has provoked a great enemy for the Cloud Hall. Now the Cloud Hall is in imminent danger and is on emergency alert. If Cui Xie comes, how will the Cloud Hall deal with him?"
"I think the little beauty of the Cloud Hall shouldn't have rushed to join in the fun. Luo Zheng was originally confident that he could block Cui Xie's punch. If she joined in the fun, wouldn't she be putting the Cloud Hall into the fire pit?"
"Humph, don't be fooled by the cold appearance of the Cloud Hall's Hall Master. I think she has fallen in love with that kid Luo Zheng. Why would she care so much when she sees her lover in trouble? I don't know how many lifetimes of good fortune Luo Zheng has accumulated! "
There were all kinds of discussions from all walks of life!
As soon as such rumors spread throughout the city, it caused the entire city to be covered in a layer of gloominess.
What would happen to the Cloud Sect if Cui Xie came? What would happen to the Cloud Hall?
As a result, the situation in the Cloud Hall became more and more intense. In the beginning, Ning Yudie could still use her identity as the Hall Master to suppress them. But as more and more people stirred up trouble, Ning Yudie gradually lost control.........................
The Elders, Patriarchs, and Sect Masters couldn't find a place to vent their frustrations, nor could they solve the problem. In the end, they set their sights on Luo Zheng. When they learned that Luo Zheng had set up the Great Sect Protecting Array at Zong Rui's place, they hurriedly rushed over!
During this period of time, Mister Zhuo was the most complacent.
Mister Zhuo was the person with the highest chance of succeeding the Hall Master's position. If it wasn't for Ning Yudie's appearance, the person sitting on the Hall Master's position would have been him. But in the end, he was forcibly pushed down by Ning Yudie. This matter had always been Mister Zhuo's regret.
In the eyes of others, it was a crisis. But in Mister Zhuo's eyes, this was an opportunity for him to turn things around. Cui Xie was powerful, but he was an independent warrior after all. His ambition was to establish a Divine Nation and take control of the entire Central Domain. A mere Cloud Hall was probably nothing in Cui Xie's eyes. Otherwise, with Cui Xie's strength, he would have developed a Rank 4 Sect long ago.
If Cui Xie got rid of Ning Yudie and Granny Yu, and Mister Zhuo sided with Cui Xie, who in the Cloud Hall would dare to compete with him?
But before that, Mister Zhuo had to pretend to be a good person. Not only could he vent his anger, but he could also win people's hearts. Why not?
Today, everyone dared to come to Zong Rui because of Mister Zhuo's instigation.
Looking at the aggressive crowd, Zong Rui said angrily, "What do you want?"
"Nothing! We want you to hand over that brat Luo Zheng! "
"Zong Rui, I respect you as an Elder of the Cloud Hall. I'll give you face. Stand aside!"
As Rune Masters, there were times when the elders had to ask for Zong Rui's help. Normally, everyone would be amiable as they were afraid of offending Zong Rui. However, it was useless at this time. The storm was brewing. In their eyes, the Cloud Hall was about to collapse. How could they still give Zong Rui face?
The bustling crowd entered the hall and saw Luo Zheng at a glance.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was dipping his rune pen in ink and starting to draw the second five-star rune.
The Wrath of Thunder Punishment was to amplify the first level of the Law of Thunder to the limit. Even Qinglong had to brew for a while. After finding the right feeling, he poured his soul force into the rune pen.
"Crackle!"
The power of thunder and lightning was known for its violent and violent nature. When Qinglong's rune began to draw on the rune power in the ink, an azure arc of electricity flashed. It was only a hair-thin arc of electricity, but it contained the complete Law of Thunder, making people tremble with fear.
"What is that brat doing?"
"He's not drawing runes, is he? Is he cultivating? "
"Ignore him. Take him away first!"
"Let's wait and see. A Divine Reflection brat can't possibly grow wings and fly!"
Hearing the discussions of those people, Luo Zheng only glanced at them indifferently. Only then did he concentrate on drawing the rune. Although this rune mainly relied on Qinglong's soul force, it still required Luo Zheng to control the tip of the pen. The lines still had to be drawn by Luo Zheng.
The instant Luo Zheng's rune pen touched the surface of the paper, violent arcs of electricity erupted. With Luo Zheng's pen as the center, Luo Zheng's rune pen continuously exploded. As Luo Zheng's pen pressed down, a boundless bolt of lightning shot out from his pen.
The sudden burst of electricity could almost blind people. However, Luo Zheng's eyes were wide open. He didn't blink in the slightest. Bolts of lightning seemed to be chiseled on the paper.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was like the son of thunder and lightning. It was as if all the thunder and lightning in the world were serving him. He was the God in charge of the Law of Thunder Punishment, a Celestial Immortal!
"Crackle, crackle, crackle, crackle …"
The originally noisy crowd was all dumbfounded by what they saw.
In the hall, no one spoke. There was only the sound of thunder and lightning arcs exploding. Some of the more timid martial artists even trembled from time to time.
"The last stroke!"
Luo Zheng spun the rune pen in a circle in his hand, drawing a perfect circle. He fixed the paper with his thumb, exerted force in his palm, and gently rolled the rune, sealing it!
"Bang …"
The sound of thunder and lightning gradually subsided. It slowly quieted down and finally turned into a plain ink stroke …
"Is, is he really drawing runes?"
"If Zong Rui didn't say so, I would have thought that he was cultivating some extremely powerful cultivation method!"
"Good, very powerful. Maybe his Sect Protection Array can really resist Cui Xie and protect our Cloud Hall!"
Hearing those discussions, Luo Zheng's face was still expressionless. He put down the rune pen, walked to the edge of the hall, and put his hands in a basin of clear water. Although the thunder and lightning wouldn't hurt Luo Zheng, the high temperature would affect Luo Zheng's hand. Next, he needed to draw the third rune, which was also the last rune!
The rune "Frenzy Trap" was a trap. It was very similar to an illusion array. However, it belonged to the killing array of the illusion arrays. It could lure and kill strong enemies.
Luo Zheng shook off the water droplets on his hands. He carefully wiped them with a towel and returned to his seat.
Zong Rui personally helped Luo Zheng remove the "Fury of Thunder Punishment" and replaced it with a brand new rune paper. Then, he respectfully stood to the side.
Luo Zheng picked up the rune pen again. The assistant next to him handed him the ink. Luo Zheng dipped the ink into the ink. Qinglong's soul force curled around it.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This time, Luo Zheng's brush tip presented a psychedelic color!
The materials used to create the "Frenzy Trap" were mostly "Bewitching Bone" and "Millennium Fox Heart". They were specially used to set up an illusion array. Therefore, when the energy contained in the materials was stimulated, even Luo Zheng almost lost his mind!
Unexpectedly, he was able to see Ning Yudie's incomparably beautiful face in the light of the brush tip.
In the illusion, Ning Yudie was half naked. Her petite but strong body slowly walked towards him. Her usual cold eyes had long disappeared. Instead, she was staring at him with a seductive gaze.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was confused, Qinglong really wanted to help Luo Zheng break free from the illusion. However, Luo Zheng's eyes seemed to have been struck by lightning. He raised his eyebrows and his eyes became clear again!
"Not bad. You have a strong will. You can break free from this illusion. Start writing!" Qinglong was surprised that Luo Zheng could break free from the illusion by himself.
Luo Zheng nodded. Soon after, he outlined a psychedelic color on the rune paper. Clouds of pink and purple mist rose along with the soft strokes of the brush.
Luo Zheng could break free from the illusion, but other people might not be able to. Zong Rui and the others, for example, were all staring at the mist with dull eyes. It was as if their souls were being sucked into the mist.