As Luo Zheng's brush kept drawing out illusory lines, the entire hall was filled with an illusory mist, and some obscene noises could be heard coming from within the mist.
The first to be confused were Zong Rui's assistants, then Zong Rui and the deacons, and the group of men led by Mister Zhuo.
Among this group of men, there were many Sect Elders, Sect Chiefs, and Patriarchs. Many of them were Late Divine Core warriors, and some were even Early Void Tribulation warriors. Even they couldn't resist the illusion created by the Divine Runes!
After Luo Zheng finished drawing the runes, he glanced around and saw the hideous faces of these men. Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
This Five Star Divine Imprint was actually so powerful. He hadn't even activated this Five Star Divine Imprint, but the aura it emitted was actually able to confuse a False Tribulation Realm expert. If these three Five Star Divine Imprints were arranged and combined with 4,900 Three Star and Four Star Divine Imprints, how powerful would they be?
Just by imagining it, Luo Zheng became excited. While being excited, the brush in his hand slightly swayed.
"Be careful!" Qinglong was concentrating on using his soul energy. The biggest taboo when drawing a Divine Rune was to be distracted, as even the slightest mistake could cause the entire Divine Rune to be destroyed.
Luckily, Luo Zheng was able to calm his mind in time, and the brush instantly stabilized, then he started drawing the last Divine Rune with full concentration.
When the first half of the Chaos Trap was drawn, pink and purple mists were still emitted from it. The brush was soft and gentle, and it was filled with an extremely seductive intent!
However, when he reached the second half of the drawing, the tip of Luo Zheng's brush changed and a surge of murderous aura bloomed on the rune paper. Then, a pure black fog rose up. It seemed as if a group of armored horses were trampling through the black fog. The murderous aura enveloped the entire hall like a mountain.
Under this strong killing intent, the tip of Luo Zheng's brush became vigorous and powerful, and every stroke was like an iron tree with golden hooks.
"Ahhh!"
"Plop!"
One of the deacons who was still in a daze was suddenly covered by the killing intent. His eyes rolled back, and he fainted.
Luo Zheng stared coldly at the group of men not far from him. These men were indeed difficult to deal with, and it seemed like Ning Yudie had suffered a lot for the past few days. She deserved to be taught a lesson. Therefore, Luo Zheng's brush became even more powerful!
Under the control of Qinglong's soul energy, the murderous intent created an illusion, causing the faces of those Sect Elders, Sect Chiefs, and Patriarchs to turn pale. Their faces were covered in cold sweat …
Actually, at this moment, Luo Zheng was borrowing the Azure Dragon's soul power to pressure them through the divine runes!
How powerful was Qinglong's soul? Before devouring the Moonkin Evil Spirit, the Azure Dragon's strength was already beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. After devouring the Moonkin Evil Spirit, the Azure Dragon's soul had recovered significantly!
Luo Zheng's's soul energy's a soul soul, Luo Zheng ''s soul energy energy energy, he, Lun's soul!
"Plop … plop …"
People kept falling to the ground.
Although Zong Rui was only a Divine Core warrior, because he was a Rune Master, his soul was much stronger than other warriors at the same level as him. Although he was having a hard time holding on, he didn't faint.
"Seal!"
Luo Zheng's final stroke was like a giant blade slashing down. The Five Star Divine Rune was finally completed!
All the smog in the main hall disappeared in an instant. It was as if the clouds had been dispelled and the sun had been revealed.
The group of Sect Elders and housekeepers had also escaped from the illusion. They were all panting heavily, and when they looked at Luo Zheng, fear could be seen in their eyes. They were a group of Void Tribulation warriors, but they were scared of Luo Zheng, who was two whole realms lower than them. This was a miracle!
Even Mister Zhuo's face had turned pale. He stared at Luo Zheng with a gloomy and complicated expression.
How could a Divine Reflection young man be able to do this? Where did this young man come from?! Mister Zhuo realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng. He wasn't at the scene of the Martial Competition. Even if the rumors were true, Mister Zhuo didn't think Luo Zheng was as strong as he thought. To be able to survive Cui Xie's punch, Luo Zheng had only relied on luck!
Luck was something that could only be used once, it wasn't a reflection of one's strength. But now, Mister Zhuo realized that he was wrong. It wasn't a matter of luck that this young man was able to survive until now. If this young man was given time to grow, no one knew what kind of man he would become in the future.
"I need to find a chance to get rid of him!" Mister Zhuo's killing intent had already been planted in his heart.
Ever since he met Luo Zheng for the first time in the Path of Trials, Mister Zhuo had this thought. However, Luo Zheng would either stay in the Cloud Hall, or disappear after leaving the Cloud Hall. Mister Zhuo didn't have the chance to do so.
Zong Rui took out pills with Divine Runes on them and shoved them into the mouths of the assistants and deacons, waking them up one by one.
Luo Zheng set aside his rune pen and walked towards the elders and family heads. He calmly asked, "May I ask what brings you all here?"
"Something, no … nothing." Perhaps it was because of the stimulation from the illusion just now, but one of the elders actually lost his confidence.
Mister Zhuo sneered, "Of course there's something. You angered Cui Xie and brought disaster to the Cloud Hall. As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, if you're sensible, you should walk out of the Cloud Hall on your own and bear the brunt of Cui Xie's anger. Clear the name of the Cloud Hall!"
"Oh? Is this Mister Zhuo's intention? What if I don't? "Luo Zheng calmly asked.
"Haha," Mister Zhuo's eyes flashed with a dangerous light, "You're just a Divine Reflection Realm cultivator, a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall. It's already a great favor for you to be able to stand here and talk to us face to face. What qualifications do you have to say no?"
Mister Zhuo was one of the best of the Cloud Hall's elders. His status was much higher than Luo Zheng's.
If Mister Zhuo had said this in the past, it would have been appropriate. Mister Zhuo even had the power to kill the disciples of the Elite Hall.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng sneered and said, "Since it's a favor, I don't need it. Please leave!"
Luo Zheng knew very well that these guys were just putting on airs. They were afraid of Ning Yudie and Granny Yu. If it weren't for these taboos, they would have tied him up and thrown him out of the Cloud Hall long ago. Why bother wasting words with him here?
Wasting words with them? Luo Zheng was very tired of it.
"You …" Mister Zhuo, a mid-stage False Tribulation Realm cultivator, immediately flew into a rage after being treated like this by a Divine Reflection Realm junior. He raised his right hand and looked like he was about to attack.
Luo Zheng didn't even bat an eyelid. He turned his head and arranged the divine glyphs. These divine glyphs weren't just drawn out. They had to be arranged in accordance with the previous design. They had to be arranged in various parts of the Cloud Hall. Only then could they be effective. This was also a huge project.
Mister Zhuo really didn't dare to attack. He knew very well how much Ning Yudie protected this brat. Killing Luo Zheng was easy, but the problem was, how could he bear the wrath of Ning Yudie? Therefore, even if Mister Zhuo wanted to attack, he would do it in a situation where no one knew. Unfortunately, his raised right hand was a bit awkward. He could only put it down dejectedly.
Stacks after stacks of Divine Inscriptions were piled up in an orderly manner.
While Luo Zheng was arranging them, he glanced at the elders who were unwilling to leave but couldn't do anything to him. In fact, Luo Zheng understood their feelings. Humans were animals that sought benefits and avoided harm. Who would be willing to be dragged into the abyss by the Cloud Hall?
"Elders, you've all just experienced the power of this five-star divine glyphs," Luo Zheng said as he stacked a stack of divine glyphs together. "The 4,903 divine glyphs rely on each other to create a great sect-protecting formation. Although it can't kill Cui Xie, it can keep him outside."
"How confident are you?" These elders were very unwilling to hand over the fate of the Cloud Hall to Luo Zheng. The fate of a dignified fourth-rank sect was placed on the shoulders of a Divine Reflection brat. It was a funny thing in itself.
However, after experiencing the power of Luo Zheng's divine glyphs, some elders were slightly shaken. Just a five-star divine glyphs could confuse them. How powerful would this great sect-protecting formation be when it was activated?
If it could really stop Cui Xie, this great sect-protecting formation could completely become the most valuable treasure of the Cloud Hall. It could even be the most valuable treasure among treasures. It was at least ten times stronger than the great sect-protecting formation left behind by Feng Guanyu of the Void Spirit Sect.
Luo Zheng raised his head. His gaze was calm. He faintly replied, "80%."
＝＝＝＝＝