Luo Zheng had never been willing to give a complete answer.
When Grandma Yu had asked him this question, he had also answered in this way.
Now, he still gave the same answer.
The Elders, as well as the many Patriarchs and Sect Masters, were all silent. The Sect Masters were actually somewhat convinced.
"Eighty percent, haha, young people these days are too good at boasting! Aren't they afraid of biting their tongues in the wind? "Mister Zhuo sneered.
Luo Zheng chose to ignore Mister Zhuo's words. How could he not see that this guy was here to undermine him?
At that time, Luo Zheng had relied on the barrier at the Martial Arts Conference to block Cui Xie's punch. Although Cui Xie hadn't erupted with his true strength at that time, Luo Zheng had only changed a part of the runes.
Fortunately, no matter what Mister Zhuo said, the other Elders and Sect Masters weren't blind. They had also seen the power of Luo Zheng's runes. At this moment, they couldn't say anything.
"Let's see how effective his Sect Protecting Grand Array is!"
"In my opinion, even if the Sect Protecting Grand Array can't stop Cui Xie, it won't be too late to hand over Luo Zheng."
"Yes, this path can be taken step by step. Cui Xie is targeting Luo Zheng …"
The Elders communicated with each other using True Essence Sound Transmissions. In the end, they chose to leave.
After these people left, Mister Zhuo could only glare fiercely at Luo Zheng before leaving the hall.
After everyone left, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head and looked in a certain direction. He faintly smiled and made a hand gesture.
In the Ice Palace, Ning Yudie, who was in seclusion, smiled and burned a True Essence Talisman. "You knew …"
"Of course I knew you were spying on me," Luo Zheng said first.
Ning Yudie cutely rolled her eyes. "Who wants to spy on you!"
"No matter what, you have to thank me, right? Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "But you have to be careful of that Mr. Zhuo. This person has a wild ambition. I'm afraid he will ruin things at the crucial moment."
Ning Yudie nodded, "Yes, I understand..."
Ning Yudie was naturally able to discern Mister Zhuo's ambition. Half of the reason why that group of Elders had caused such a ruckus was because of him. However, the Zhuo Clan was a Third Rank Clan Leader in Cloudsea City, so it was utterly impossible to get rid of him without a good excuse.
"Time is of the essence. I'm going to set up the sect-protecting array."
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng carried a stack of divine inscriptions and greeted Zong Rui. Zong Rui's face instantly revealed a look of excitement. He had long been looking forward to this unprecedented protective array.
The Cloud Hall floating in the sky looked like an oval-shaped egg from a bird's eye view. The 4,900 runes were divided into three groups according to a certain pattern.
"This sect-protecting array is set up according to the Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, but it's just a smaller version. It can be called the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation," Qinglong explained as he pointed out the direction.
"Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation?" Luo Zheng was stunned when he heard this name.
"Yes, it's one of the Three Great Mysterious Arrays born in this era. It's on par with the Immortal Execution Formation and the Sun Flame Formation," Qinglong said slowly.
Luo Zheng was even more stunned, "Three Great Mysterious Arrays? Could it be that the Major Heavenly Cycle Array isn't one of the Three Great Mysterious Arrays?"
"Hehe, the Major Heavenly Cycle Array is indeed powerful, but the Three Great Mysterious Arrays are for protection..." Qinglong paused and changed his words, "Of course, this Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation is just an imitation of the Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation. Its power is probably not even a billionth of the Major Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, but it's enough to be used as the sect-protecting array of the Central Domain."
Although Qinglong didn't finish his words, Luo Zheng still silently memorized the Three Great Mysterious Arrays in his mind.
When they arrived at the first location, Luo Zheng placed a Divine Rune on the ground, then he injected his Qi into it. In an instant, the Divine Rune was activated. As the Divine Rune glowed brightly, the talisman paper started burning. When the talisman paper turned into ashes, the Divine Rune was left on the ground, as if it had been engraved on the ground.
Zong Rui followed Luo Zheng's instructions and started placing the Divine Runes. The steps of placing Divine Runes and talismans were the same, so it wasn't a difficult task for Zong Rui and his assistants.
The first Divine Rune, the second Divine Rune, the third Divine Rune …
Divine Runes appeared in every corner of the Cloud Hall. Although the positions of these Divine Runes looked messy, they all had their own corresponding positions.
Aside from the Divine Runes, there were also two Divine Core deacons who were carrying a formation disc as tall as a man. This huge formation disc was made by a professional craftsman, and it was used to control these Divine Runes.
After spending half a day, they finished placing all the Divine Runes in the first area.
After that, they placed all the Divine Runes in the second area, and then the third area. Luo Zheng brought Zong Rui and a few other assistants and flew back and forth in the skies above the Cloud Hall.
After placing all 4,900 Divine Runes, Luo Zheng placed three Five Star Divine Runes in the third area. After recording them all with the formation disc, the entire Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation was finally completed. The one month long project had finally come to an end. The next step was to test the Sect Protecting Grand Formation.
Today, the sky was clear. The clouds that surrounded the Cloud Hall all year long had vanished without a trace. From the skies above the Cloud Hall, one could see the entire Cloud Sea City. At the same time, the tens of millions of mortals in the city could also see the Immortal's Palace floating in the skies.
Above the Cloud Hall, a few dozen Sect Elders and Clan Lords were hovering in the skies, as if they were waiting for something.
Ning Yudie was quietly floating on the side, watching Luo Zheng and Zong Rui making the final adjustments to the formation disc.
"Are you ready?" Ning Yudie asked.
"Yes, it's ready. All the True Origin Stones are in place." Luo Zheng nodded.
The power of the Divine Runes came from the materials in the ink, but they still needed to rely on the energy in the True Origin Stones to drive them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was slightly nervous. There couldn't be a single mistake in the 4,903 Divine Runes. Otherwise, it would be difficult for the Sect Protecting Grand Formation to operate.
He took a deep breath, and then gently moved the formation disc. As the formation disc slowly rotated, rays of light began to flicker above the Cloud Hall.
Even the sunlight couldn't cover up the radiance of those Divine Runes!
The first Divine Rune lit up, the second Divine Rune lit up, and then even more Divine Runes lit up …
Under the control of the formation disc, these Divine Runes reflected each other and projected rays of light. From afar, they formed a huge Divine Rune, and in the center of this Divine Rune, an azure lightning suddenly burst out.
"Crack!"
The "Wrath of Thunder Punishment" was also activated!
A thick bolt of lightning flashed. The lightning was like a dragon soaring into the sky, and the power it released was incomparably terrifying.
After the lightning disappeared, the lightning in that area flickered little by little.
"The first area is fine." Luo Zheng rotated the formation disc again.
In the second region, a faint mist was slowly released. The 'chaos trap' was buried in the second region. Before the chaos trap was triggered, there wasn't much of a reaction. However, when more than a thousand divine runes in the second region lit up and then went back to normal, it meant that the chaos trap was successfully set up.
When Luo Zheng rotated the formation disc again, the Divine Runes in the last area were also lit up by Luo Zheng.
The moment those Divine Runes lit up, a bit of water vapor strangely appeared in the sky. Under the sunlight, this water vapor formed a beautiful rainbow.
Then the water vapor continuously condensed together, gradually turning into a huge barrier. This huge barrier was like a big bowl, covering the entire Cloud Hall. This was the defensive barrier of the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Slaughter Formation, the "Light of Abundant Water", and also the most important barrier!
With a gust of wind blowing, countless water ripples appeared on the huge barrier above their heads.
"This is just a big water bubble. I'm afraid it will burst with a touch. How can it block Cui Xie? I think even my spear won't be able to block it! "An Elder said as he floated to the edge of the barrier.
Then a black spear appeared in the Elder's hand, and he aimed it at the barrier and began to condense his spear intent.
"Ha!"
The Elder fiercely shouted, and the black spear suddenly pierced out. How terrifying was the spear of a False Tribulation Realm expert?
"Pop!"