This' Light of Abundant Water 'indeed looked fragile, as if it was just a water-colored bubble that would shatter and disintegrate with a light stab.
That elder had unleashed 80% of his strength in that spear attack!
The perfect spear strike of a False Tribulation Realm powerhouse could even pierce a large hole in a mountain, let alone an ordinary barrier. However, when it struck the barrier, other than causing ripples, there was no reaction at all.
"The attack was deflected and then spread across the entire barrier. The characteristics of this barrier are really amazing. The person who can construct this rune … is probably an immortal!" The elder exclaimed.
Just now, when his spear pierced the barrier, it felt as if there was a gentle force on the barrier that constantly dissolved the power of his spear. It deflected all of his power towards the barrier in all directions, allowing the entire barrier to bear the power of his spear. It didn't allow the power of his spear to be concentrated on a single point.
Seeing this scene, the other elders also used various methods to attack the 'Light of Abundant Water'.
Saber, sword, fist, spear …
The elders also used their own unique skills.
"Bang bang bang …"
For a time, various colors of True Essence dissipated and flashed, and ripples constantly appeared on the Light of Abundant Water barrier. From afar, it looked like a sparkling lake that was being blown by a breeze.
No matter how they attacked, the barrier still remained unmoved!
After the elders stopped, they looked at the huge barrier in front of them with their mouths agape, unable to say a word.
In order to verify whether this barrier was reliable, several Void Tribulation Realm elders also used all their strength, but they still couldn't break this barrier …
"So far, a barrier that can block the attacks of six or seven Void Tribulation Realm experts has never appeared in the Central Domain. Even the Void Spirit Sect's Sect Protecting Formation can't compare …" An elder muttered.
"But even if it can block our attacks, can it block Cui Xie?" Someone was still worried.
Cui Xie had transcended life and death and had survived three life and death tribulations. His strength was far beyond their imagination. He could block the attacks of many Void Tribulation Realm experts, but he might not be able to block Cui Xie.
At this moment, in a corner of the Cloud Hall, the door of a thatched hut swayed slightly and creaked. Then, it was opened.
This small thatched cottage was where Granny Yu went into seclusion. Other than Ning Yudie, no one else was allowed to approach it.
Granny Jade walked out of the thatched hut with her walking stick. Although her movements looked slow, her speed was extremely fast. She only took a few shaky steps, and her figure flickered in the air above the Cloud Hall.
"Master." After seeing her master appear, Ning Yudie's figure floated over to greet him.
The elders also respectfully bowed to Granny Yu. Although Granny Yu rarely showed her face, she was still the pillar of Cloud Hall.
Granny Yu nodded and glanced at Luo Zheng. Then, her figure flashed and arrived at the edge of the barrier. She extended her crutch towards the barrier.
At Granny Jade's level of cultivation, her true essence was already extremely restrained. Although this strike of her walking stick seemed ordinary, it contained a kind of "grand momentum" that made one's heart palpitate.
Everyone's eyes were wide open as they stared motionlessly at the crutch in Granny Yu's hand.
"Pop!"
When Granny Yu's crutch touched the barrier, the entire barrier began to tremble violently. Huge ripples quickly spread through the entire barrier.
Granny Yu's eyes flashed. She gently retracted her crutch and fiercely struck out again!
"Pop!"
The surface of the barrier surged like a gale, undulating up and down. But in the end, it still blocked Granny Yu's attack!
"Hehe." Granny Yu let out an aged laugh. "Not bad. I used all my strength just now, but this barrier still has energy left. Luo Zheng is my Cloud Hall's lucky star."
People with great luck often have two states. Some people have great luck, and while their luck is great, they can also bring luck to the people around them, affecting their fates! And some people, although their luck is great, they need to swallow the luck of the people around them, absorbing the luck of others into themselves!
These two states were constantly changing. Luck was a very mysterious concept that could not be guessed.
But at this moment, Granny Yu firmly believed that Luo Zheng belonged to the former. His arrival will also bring luck to the Cloud Hall …
Granny Yu's words determined Luo Zheng's fate. The several Elders were well aware that in the future, no one would dare to cause trouble for this little guy. Offending Ning Yudie was still fine. As the Hall Master, she couldn't be too biased. As long as they were reasonable, they could still fight against Ning Yudie.
However, Granny Yu was no longer the Hall Master, but she was still the Grand Elder of the Cloud Hall. Who would dare to offend her?
In any case, many people in the Cloud Hall could have a good night's sleep after the Sect Protecting Great Array was set up.
These days, Cui Xie was like a huge shadow hanging over the hearts of everyone in the Cloud Hall. Although they believed that the Sect Protecting Great Array might not be able to stop Cui Xie, it was still an additional barrier for the Cloud Hall, so they felt a lot more at ease.
The entire Cloud Hall maintained a constant state of alert. Perhaps as long as Cui Xie didn't come, the Cloud Hall didn't dare to lower their guard.
But after three whole months, there was still no sign of Cui Xie. It was as if he had disappeared.
Luo Zheng returned to his own rhythm in these two months, constantly concentrating on cultivation. In these three months, he once again increased his cultivation by three levels.
When he walked out of the Cloud Hall's secret cultivation room, he was already at the seventh level of the Divine Reflection Realm.
Today, he walked out of the secret cultivation room because he was summoned by Ning Yudie.
After Luo Zheng arrived at Ning Yudie's Ice Palace, she took out a name card and threw it to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took the name card and glanced at it. This name card was issued by the World Business Alliance. It was a call for all martial artists who had the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb to light it up during the Lantern Festival in five days!
"Is the Lantern Festival in five days?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ning Yudie nodded slightly.
Only Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie knew that the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb had fallen into Ning Yudie's hands. No one else knew.
The World Business Alliance had already issued a call during the Martial Arts Conference. Perhaps because the World Business Alliance was determined to enter the Immortal's Tomb during this year's Lantern Festival, they issued the name card again before the Lantern Festival!
Luo Zheng continued to read the name card. His eyes suddenly lit up. This name card listed all the possible treasures that could be hidden in the Immortal Tomb.
According to the name card, this was calculated by the ancient giant of the World Business Alliance.
As for whether it was really calculated or if the World Business Alliance had some lucky chance to learn about the Immortal Tomb, this was not known to outsiders.
"Among the treasures listed on the name card, the Jade Bone of the Immortal and the Nine Nether Lantern Grass are of no use to me. However, I must obtain the most important item." Ning Yudie's eyes flashed.
Aside from the name card stating that the Jade Bone of the Immortal and the Nine Nether Lantern Grass were hidden in the Immortal Tomb, there was also the most important item, the Flower of Life and Death. These three simple words were enough to drive all the warriors in the Central Domain crazy.
No matter if it was the Divine Reflection realm or the Divine Core realm, if one wanted to break through to the next realm, they would encounter a bottleneck.
However, after reaching the Void Tribulation realm, if one wanted to break through to the next realm, they would encounter a life or death situation.
The Life and Death realm, as its name implied, was a realm that existed between life and death. To break through to the Life and Death realm, one had to cross the line between life and death. Many Void Tribulation warriors had died in the process of breaking through to the next realm. Furthermore, even Life and Death realm warriors had to constantly face life and death tribulations in order to improve their cultivation …
Not only could the Flower of Life and Death help Ning Yudie break through to the Void Tribulation realm, it could also help Granny Yu face her next life and death tribulation. This was the reason why Ning Yudie was determined to obtain it.
"Luo Zheng, the Jade Bone of the Immortal is a good thing for you. If you want to cultivate that transcendent divine might, it's best if you come into contact with the Jade Bone of the Immortal and open your 8th Heavenly Dao Platform." Chi Long suddenly reminded.
"Jade Bone of the Immortal?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a hint of interest, but he still voiced his doubts. "The things in the Firmament Immortal Tomb are indeed tempting, but there's a problem. Little Die, don't you think it's strange?"
"Strange?" Ning Yudie tilted her head.
"Logically speaking, Immortal Firmament Immortal is an immortal. He built his own immortal tomb, so he naturally wouldn't want anyone to enter his tomb. But why would the Spirit Lamps of the Firmament Immortal Tomb appear in this world? Also, how did that ancient Giant of the World Business Alliance deduce the existence of these treasures?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ning Yudie was silent for a moment, then said, "You mean this is a trap?"
"It's only a possibility." Luo Zheng nodded.
Why would one be able to enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb if they gathered all nine Spirit Lamps? Who made these lamps? Why would they circulate in the Central Domain? This was a very strange matter to begin with.
In fact, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who suspected this. Several hundred years ago, there were people who suspected that the Spirit Lamps of the Firmament Immortal Tomb were a scam, or even a trap.
However, the world of martial artists was like this. Everything was born with both opportunity and risk. Not to mention the fact that the Firmament Immortal Tomb wasn't a trap, even if it was, there would still be a large number of martial artists who would rush in like a flock of ducks.
As the two of them were discussing this matter, they suddenly felt an extremely strong pressure envelop the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's expressions changed.