It had been rumored for a long time that Cui Xie would definitely come to the Cloud Hall. Therefore, the Cloud Hall and Cloud Sea City were under great pressure.
After Luo Zheng hurriedly set up the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Slaughter Array, there had been no news of Cui Xie for three months. Therefore, many people thought that Cui Xie wouldn't come back.
Although the Cloud Hall hadn't lifted its alert state and the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Slaughter Array was still operating day and night, many people still relaxed their vigilance.
Within a household within Ocean of Clouds City, a baby that was over a year old was learning how to walk. He'd just tried to walk upright, and he was taking careful steps forward. Thump! When the terrifying pressure suddenly pressed down upon him, the baby lay flat on the ground and started to wail loudly.
In this huge city, there were tens of millions of people cultivating and recuperating. From False Tribulation Realm cultivators to a baby, all of them were enveloped by this pressure at the same time. Everyone's faces stiffened.
The expression of a third-grade family's Patriarch sank and he sighed. "Cui Xie is here …"
The cultivators who knew what had happened understood what had happened and raised their heads to look at the Cloud Hall in the sky. However, most of the civilians didn't know what had happened. They only thought that a demon had come to the world and that it was an omen of great misfortune.
Large bells were hurriedly rung in a few small temples and temples. Thousands of monks sat upright in the Buddhist halls and constantly recited the Rebirth Mantra.
This was the strength of a supreme expert in the Central Domain. Just a voice and a thought could release pressure on tens of millions of people. If he was interested and had the time, he could even take their lives without fear of being surrounded by the baleful aura.
In the past three months, Cui Xie had taken his son to the South Sea.
If Cui Yun had been seriously injured, it would have been fine. As long as Cui Yun was still breathing, Cui Xie had many ways to save her. However, his Martial Dao Heart had been destroyed, which was the most troublesome kind.
However, there was a secluded sect in the South China Sea that had some special secret techniques for souls and memories. It was possible to eliminate the obstacles that Cui Yun encountered.
This trip to the South China Sea took Cui Xie a full three months. After returning to the Central Domain, he immediately rushed to the Cloud Hall!
Cui Xie was also a martial artist with a strong destiny. When he went to the South Sea to save his son, he accidentally found a small island and accidentally obtained the legacy of an ancient martial artist.
His luck was strong, but the luck of the people around him wasn't as good. His son's heart of martial arts had been destroyed by Luo Zheng, and Si Miaoling had died tragically under Luo Zheng's sword. This was enough to explain the problem!
When had Cui Xie ever suffered such a huge loss?
Not to mention the Cloud Hall, even if it was the Void Spirit Sect or the World Business Alliance, he would still take revenge.
Looking down at the entire Cloud Hall and the huge barrier in front of him, Cui Xie shouted, "Granny Yu, come out!"
The door of Granny Yu's thatched hut creaked open. There wasn't much expression on her old face. At her age, she had already seen through life and death. What she couldn't give up was the Cloud Hall and Ning Yudie.
In the Ice Palace, Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's expressions changed. Then, they rushed out of the Ice Palace.
At this moment, everyone in the Cloud Hall was in a state of panic. All the Elders in the False Tribulation Realm rushed into the sky as if they were facing a great enemy. They were terrified and uneasy.
One person could give a fourth-grade sect with millions of martial artists such great pressure. This was the strength of the number one person in the Central Domain.
Granny Yu flew into the sky and looked at Cui Xie through the barrier. She said indifferently, "I wonder why the Eastern Evil King has come to my Cloud Hall?"
"Haha," Cui Xie laughed wildly. It was as if thunder had exploded in the sky. "Granny Yu, it has only been three months since the Martial Arts Conference. Even if you are old, you can't be so forgetful, right?"
Granny Yu's expression was indifferent. She only said, "All the martial artists in the Central Domain know about what happened at the Martial Arts Conference. My Cloud Hall didn't do anything wrong."
"Wrong?" Cui Xie's face revealed a mocking expression. "Did I say that your Cloud Hall did anything wrong? My son's skills were inferior and he was defeated by Luo Zheng. His Martial Heart wasn't firm enough and Luo Zheng destroyed his Martial Heart. That was my son's fault! Si Miaoling wasn't strong enough and was killed by Luo Zheng. It was also Si Miaoling's fault! "
Everyone was silent. Many of the Elders of the Cloud Hall had heard about what happened at the Martial Arts Conference through various channels.
"However, Cui Yun is my son and Si Miaoling is my woman. Whoever dares to touch them, I will avenge them. Right now, your Cloud Palace is in the wrong in front of me." Cui Xie sneered. "Being weak is the wrong thing to do!"
After Cui Xie finished speaking, a strong pressure suddenly pressed down on everyone. Those Elders in the False Tribulation Realm suddenly turned pale. Only Granny Yu, Ning Yudie, and Luo Zheng were able to remain calm.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly flew in front of the light curtain and looked at Cui Xie through the thin Abundant Light. "You are right, but so what if the Cloud Hall is wrong? So what if you are weak? "
"Pay with your life." Cui Xie looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. This ant-like little guy didn't seem to be afraid of him at all. It was like this during the Martial Arts Conference and it was still like this now!
"What if I don't?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"Then the entire Cloud Hall will be buried with you." Cui Xie's eyes were burning with fighting spirit.
These words made the hearts of everyone in the Cloud Hall beat wildly. No one could deny that Cui Xie did have this strength. However, there was only Granny Yu in the Cloud Hall. Even if Ning Yudie was added, it was impossible for them to stop Cui Xie. It seemed that the only thing they could rely on was this thin barrier in front of them.
Everyone's hearts began to pound.
Luo Zheng still had a smile on his face. He knew very well that whether it was fear or timidity, begging for mercy would be of no use. Luo Zheng said calmly, "Can you do it?"
"You're relying on this barrier, aren't you?" Cui Xie was a smart man. From the moment he had arrived, he had discovered that this barrier was extraordinary.
That day during the Martial Arts Conference, the barrier in the arena had blocked his punch. Even now, it was still fresh in Cui Xie's memory. There was actually a barrier in the Central Domain that could block his punch?
He could easily guess that Luo Zheng had tampered with the barrier. Presumably, this kid had obtained the inheritance of runes from somewhere.
However, Cui Xie didn't care. That day, Cui Xie hadn't used all of his strength. He had only thrown out two punches in anger. Although the barrier in the arena was amazing, it couldn't block Cui Xie!
As for the barrier in front of him, Cui Xie didn't care about it either.
"Sort of." Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the barrier. At this moment, he was less than five feet away from Cui Xie. They were almost face to face.
Cui Xie slowly raised his wrist, shook his head and said, "I really hope you can keep this calm!"
Oil-yellow Zhenqi escaped from Cui Xie's body. In the sky above the Cloud Hall, the rich Qi of Heaven and Earth gradually gathered into a huge whirlpool. The thick clouds floating in the surroundings were constantly rotating with this whirlpool.
After entering the False Tribulation Realm, one could directly use the Qi of Heaven and Earth. As a Life and Death Realm expert, Cui Xie's violent Qi of Heaven and Earth was as obedient as a sheep in his hands!
Cui Xie didn't intend to talk nonsense with a Divine Reflection Realm kid. He didn't even want to waste too much time here.
As the Qi of Heaven and Earth continuously poured into Cui Xie's body, an extremely heavy pressure spread out in all directions.
Everyone knew that Cui Xie was about to make his move.
Everyone in the Cloud Hall also entered battle mode and took out their weapons. In their hearts, these False Tribulation Realm elders really wanted to hand over Luo Zheng. However, with Granny Yu and Ning Yudie here, this matter obviously couldn't be done.
Granny Yu shook her old walking stick, and on the top of the walking stick, a few tender buds unexpectedly sprouted. A light green True Essence enveloped her, and as the True Essence circulated, her aged skin unexpectedly regained its vitality. The wrinkles on her face disappeared one by one, and her grizzled white hair turned into jet-black hair. Her originally stooped and short body unexpectedly straightened up, and that old and senile aura was swept away.
At this moment, Granny Yu unexpectedly turned into a beautiful woman!
The Ice Phoenix quickly rushed out of the ice palace. As it collided with Ning Yudie, it began to crack. Ice crystals turned into armor that tightly wrapped her petite body. At the same time, the Profound Ice Halberd also appeared in Ning Yudie's hands.
Once Cui Xie broke the barrier, everyone in the Cloud Hall couldn't just sit still and wait for death.
Only Luo Zheng stood behind the barrier. Facing Cui Xie, who was about to attack, he didn't move.
＝＝＝＝＝