Luo Zheng was well aware of his own strength.
In terms of runes, no one in the Central Domain could surpass him. The runes passed down from the upper realm were not something the runes of the Central Domain could compare with.
However, in terms of strength, in front of these False Tribulation Realm elders, Ning Yudie, Life and Death Realm Granny Yu and Cui Xie, he was just an ant in the Radiant Spirit Realm.
In a battle between Life and Death Realm experts, even the False Tribulation Realm elders were considered cannon fodder. Perhaps only Ning Yudie could barely help Granny Yu, while Luo Zheng could not even be considered cannon fodder.
Therefore, it was meaningless whether Luo Zheng resisted or not.
The surging Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth continuously poured into Cui Xie's tall and sturdy body. At this moment, Cui Xie seemed to have turned into a mountain. This mountain-like man's eyes flickered slightly as he punched the air.
"Firmament Shattering!"
"Rip!"
From Luo Zheng's point of view, Cui Xie's entire body seemed to be somewhat distorted. Under the pressure of his punch, the space seemed to be about to be torn apart!
A huge fist light rushed towards Luo Zheng. Within this fist light, there seemed to be an extremely domineering momentum!
"Is this the 'momentum' that can shatter everything?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he stared at the fist light that was rapidly approaching him.
Almost in an instant, the fist light hit Luo Zheng on the boundary less than a meter away from Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt like he was about to suffocate.
"Boom!"
It was as if millions of firecrackers exploded at the same time. The huge roar was deafening!
This was because the fierce wind caused by the fist light even produced countless wind blades that scattered in all directions. Some of the wind blades even rebounded onto Cui Xie's body. However, Cui Xie did not dodge at all. Those wind blades only cut through Cui Xie's robes and did not cause any harm to him.
Even the residual power of this punch was enough to kill Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng did not suffer the slightest bit of impact. The Abundant Water Light steadily blocked all the power outside.
In order to neutralize the impact of the punch, the surface of the Abundant Light surged with monstrous waves. With the punch as the center, the waves swept in all directions. In the end, the force of the punch was evenly distributed across the entire surface of the barrier. Only then did the entire barrier slowly return to its original tranquility …
...... The Cloud Cloud Hall's eyes lit up.
Ning Yudie breathed a sigh of relief as her eyes narrowed into small crescents. Now, it seemed that her bet on Luo Zheng was not a loss.
Granny Yu still maintained her youthful appearance, and her expression did not change at all.
... of the Luo...
. A Sect Protecting Great Array that could block the strongest experts of the Central Domain. The value of this Great Array was simply immeasurable.
If a Life and Death Realm expert were to choose between Luo Zheng's Sect Protecting Great Array, both the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect would most likely choose this Great Array!
The reason was very simple. Although a Life and Death Realm expert could bring a Sect to the peak, even a Life and Death Realm expert's lifespan was limited. After a thousand or two thousand years, a Life and Death Realm expert would ultimately not be able to cross the threshold of life and death.
There were many withered bones in front of the Longevity Gate. In the Vast Thousand Domains, there were many people with long lifespans. Who could have an unlimited lifespan?
However, a Sect Protecting Great Array was not ordinary. As long as it was maintained well, it could almost last forever. If a Sect was protected from destruction, it would give birth to a super genius sooner or later!
Therefore, Ning Yudie did not suffer a loss, but made a huge profit!
Cui Xie also did not expect that his full strength punch would not be able to break the Barrier. At this moment, Cui Xie's face was filled with endless shock.
After roaming the Central Domain for so many years, it was very rare for something to shock him like this.
Only Cui Xie himself knew how powerful his punch was!
However, this seemingly thin layer of water bubble had blocked his punch. The strength of this Barrier had already exceeded Cui Xie's understanding.
The most infuriating thing was that Luo Zheng seemed to be very confident in this Barrier. He was actually standing two feet behind the Barrier with a dead fish expression, as if the words "What can you do to me" were written on his face!
Cui Xie had not been ridiculed like this for many years. He could not remember.
Ever since he had broken through to the Life and Death Realm, all the Sects in the Central Domain had either been attentive or polite to him. Even the fifth-grade Sect, the Void Spirit Sect, which had a conflict with him in the past, did not dare to offend Cui Xie.
This kid in front of him was really strange!
Obviously, this punch was not enough to make Cui Xie give up. Cui Xie was not willing to give up on his trip to the Cloud Hall because of a Sect Protecting Great Array.
This time, Cui Xie pulled out the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade from his waist.
In Cui Yun's hands, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was still unable to display its true power, because Cui Yun had been defeated by Luo Zheng. Cui Xie also understood some things. The path of a martial artist had to be walked by oneself. Even if his son had god-grade talent, he still had to temper himself and grow. Strength that relied on external forces was not true strength.
After Cui Xie grasped the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, his entire aura changed. Originally, Cui Xie gave people a feeling that he was as heavy as a mountain, but after holding the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, he instantly gave people a sharp aura!
It was as if he was the blade!
Sensing the aura emitted by Cui Xie, the faces of many False Tribulation Realm Elders once again revealed cautious expressions.
Although they had indeed blocked Cui Xie's punch, they did not know what kind of trump cards Cui Xie, a top expert, had!
Therefore, although they were confident in this barrier, they were still worried.
Only Luo Zheng did not move. He was still standing two feet below the barrier. Suddenly, he whispered, "Are you ready? Let's start! "
After putting some distance between them, Cui Xie held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade horizontally. The khaki-colored Quintessential Essence in his arm turned into silk threads and poured into the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade.
"Condense!"
A khaki-colored blade shadow began to expand along with the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade! From the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, a huge blade shadow that was three hundred feet long and four to five feet wide condensed!
Even if he did not activate the blade intent within such a huge blade shadow, just this blade shadow alone would be able to cut a small mountain in half. If he activated the blade intent within, he might be able to directly flatten a mountain.
The Life and Death Realm originally had the ability to topple mountains and overturn seas.
"Furious Void Slash!"
After brewing for a while, Cui Xie attacked again, waving the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade.
The several dozen feet long blade shadow seemed to be able to cut the sky in half. In the Central Domain, there was probably nothing that could block this blade.
"Cha!"
This horizontal slash left a long and narrow blade mark on the surface of the Abundant Light. The end of the blade mark was where Luo Zheng was standing.
The barrier still did not break.
This huge blade mark indeed caused the entire barrier to shake. The huge waves on the surface were several dozen feet high. Unfortunately, Cui Xie's strength still did not exceed the barrier's limit.
After using this blade strike, even Cui Xie could not help but gasp for breath. His expression gradually turned gloomy. He really had no way to deal with Luo Zheng! This was a fact that Cui Xie did not want to admit no matter what.
Just as Cui Xie was thinking of other ways to break the barrier, a heavy sense of crisis suddenly rose in his heart.
In addition to cultivating several very overbearing cultivation methods, Cui Xie also had a very unique talent. It was this talent that allowed him to escape from danger in many situations. He could feel the killing intent of others towards him, and he could also sense the impending danger.
However, after entering the Life and Death Realm, Cui Xie did not have many opportunities to use this talent, because it was very difficult for anyone in the Central Domain to threaten his life.
However, at this moment, he actually felt a sense of danger.
Reflexively, his figure suddenly flew in a certain direction. At this time, he saw that a cloud of psychedelic colored smoke was actually spreading towards him.
Fortunately, Cui Xie's speed was very fast. He had already rushed out of the encirclement before the clouds of smoke could close in.
At the same time, another lightning bolt as thick as a dragon suddenly struck towards him.
"Crack!"
This dragon-like lightning bolt finally struck Cui Xie from the side and did not hit him.
However, Cui Xie could feel the power contained in this lightning bolt. If he had been hit, even if he had not died, he would have been seriously injured. Coupled with the psychedelic smoke, Cui Xie suddenly had a thought. The Sect Protection Array of the Cloud Hall had the ability to kill him.