"What a pity." Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. After that, he told Zong Rui using his Divine Sense, "Zong Rui, you're too slow."
Zong Rui was troubled as well. Just now, he was hiding in the Cloud Hall, waiting for Luo Zheng's order to activate the Chaos Trap and carefully surround Cui Xie. After that, he would activate the Fury of Thunder Punishment.
The Chaos Trap was half illusion formation, and half killing formation. Once Cui Xie fell into the trap, he would be immersed in an endless illusion. At that time, the lightning from the Fury of Thunder Punishment would be able to hit Cui Xie directly.
He didn't expect Cui Xie to be so sensitive, and be able to sense the layers of killing intent before anyone else. That allowed him to escape from the Chaos Trap and avoid the lightning from the Fury of Thunder Punishment.
A Divine Core Rune Master and a Divine Reflection Warrior, both of them had worked together to kill the number one man in the Central Domain. If news of this were to spread out, it would be unbelievable.
What was even worse was that they had almost succeeded.
Perhaps the Chaos Trap couldn't kill Cui Xie, and the Fury of Thunder Punishment could only severely injure him. But, these False Tribulation warriors in the Cloud Hall didn't just stand there as punishment. Perhaps they were just cannon fodder when facing a Life and Death warrior, but if they all attacked together, Cui Xie might not be able to defend himself.
Besides, the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall was here, and Granny Yu, who was also a Life and Death warrior.
The group of Sect Elders who were trembling in fear because of Cui Xie also had regretful expressions on their faces.
Even the usually expressionless Granny Yu had a regretful expression on her face.
On the other side, Ning Yudie was sitting on top of the Profound Ice Halberd. Her fair and slender legs were slightly swinging, and her lips were pouting. She didn't say anything.
Cui Xie was able to grow until now because he had absorbed the luck of countless people. It wasn't easy to kill him.
After distancing himself from the Cloud Hall, Cui Xie's powerful heart was still beating violently. After dodging the attack of the Sect-Protecting Array of the Cloud Hall, Cui Xie felt a lingering fear.
If Cui Xie had really fallen into the trap, coupled with the fact that the Cloud Hall's people had swarmed him, he might have really lost his life. Cui Xie had not expected such a turn of events.
He'd licked the blood of blades all his life, and he'd grown tenaciously in all sorts of dangerous situations. He'd encountered countless dangers, but since he'd crossed the line between life and death, no one had brought him so close to death …
From the beginning to the end, that annoying brat had been standing at the edge of the barrier, looking at her with indifferent eyes.
This kid was really tricky to deal with.
He was only at the Divine Reflection realm, yet he had so many tricks up his sleeves. If this guy broke through to the Divine Core realm, or even the Void Tribulation realm, he would be a huge threat to her in the future!
Before this, Cui Xie wanted to kill Luo Zheng because he wanted to take revenge for Cui Yun and Si Miaoling's twin swords. But now, Cui Xie knew that Luo Zheng was an obstacle, a target he had to eliminate on his path to achieving his great vision!
While being vigilant, Cui Xie once again drew closer to Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, you're qualified to be my opponent."
Hearing this, all the Void Tribulation Elders in the Cloud Hall felt as if the blood in their heads had stopped flowing, and they felt dizzy!
A mighty warrior who had lived for several hundred years, who had crossed the line between life and death, was saying something like this to a teenage boy?
Luo Zheng was qualified to be Cui Xie's opponent? Not to mention Cui Xie, he wasn't even qualified to fight any of the Void Tribulation Elders here. With the overall strength of these Void Tribulation Elders, killing Luo Zheng in an instant was a piece of cake.
However, when Cui Xie said something like this, all the Void Tribulation Elders felt as if their eyes were going blind. How could the world be so strange?
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He suppressed his emotions and said with a cold voice, "Let Luo Yan go, and I'll spare your life."
"Gulp! Cough cough cough cough cough … "
An Elder swallowed his saliva with great difficulty, and nearly choked to death by his own saliva!
All the Elders' expressions were even more interesting …
Although Luo Zheng had given the Cloud Hall a lot of surprises, Luo Zheng had no idea how strong he was! Was he scared silly by Cui Xie's attack just now? Was he scared out of his wits? How could he start talking nonsense?
Even Grandma Yu's face was full of astonishment. How could she have thought that Luo Zheng would really dare to open his mouth?
Only Ning Yudie finally covered her mouth with her hand and giggled. This man was always so interesting, as if he didn't know what pressure was. Unfortunately, it seemed that he only had eyes for his little sister!
Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's most important relative. How could he become the opponent of Cui Xie, a mighty warrior of the Central Domain? Luo Zheng wasn't interested! For Luo Zheng, the Martial Dao was an endless path of thorns. He could only climb to the peak bit by bit, and Cui Xie was an obstacle that Luo Zheng had to overcome.
Suddenly hearing Luo Zheng's reply, Cui Xie was also stunned.
He, a mighty mighty warrior of the Central Domain, had suffered a loss at the hands of Luo Zheng today. He had some admiration in his heart. After all, Luo Zheng's attainments in runes were unheard of, which was why he said those words. As a result, this brat was simply too arrogant!
Cui Xie's face was a little embarrassed, and then he laughed out of anger. "Haha! Spare me? How ambitious! Don't worry about your little sister, ask yourself how long you can live first! I don't believe that you'll stay in the Cloud Hall for the rest of your life! "
Cui Xie couldn't break the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array now, but what if he found another person with the Extreme Violet Yin Body? Cui Xie's strength would increase by leaps and bounds through the Great Heavenly Demon Orgy Array. At that time, the Cloud Hall might not be able to stop Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng glanced coldly at Cui Xie, left the edge of the barrier, and flew down. At the same time, he sent a voice transmission to Zong Rui, "Drive him away."
"Crackle …"
Under Zong Rui's control, the Wrath of Thunder Punishment sent bolts of lightning, which were as thick as a Thunder Tribulation, toward Cui Xie …
The Sect Protecting Array also needed the support of True Origin Stones. Every Thunder Tribulation required several top-grade True Origin Stones. However, Zong Rui didn't care about money. He controlled the array disc to send bolts of lightning toward Cui Xie. Cui Xie couldn't break the barrier, so he could only passively take the beating. He wanted to say a few more words, but Luo Zheng left directly. In the end, he had no choice but to leave in a sorry state.
However, Cui Xie didn't leave the Cloud Sea City directly. He had to vent his anger because of a little guy at the Divine Reflection Realm. Therefore, the Cloud Sea City suffered a calamity.
Standing on the high Cloud Hall, a cloud of dust suddenly rose from the edge of the Cloud Sea City.
The Cloud Sea City was also a big city. It was surrounded by a wall made of square bricks, which stretched for more than 100 miles around the city! Cui Xie directly entered the wall and circled the entire Cloud Sea City. The outer wall of the Cloud Sea City was peeled off by Cui Xie alone. At least several hundred people were killed or injured!
To Cui Xie, the people of the Cloud Sea City were all ants. Although he could destroy the entire Cloud Sea City to vent his anger, he really didn't have much interest in crushing ants. Moreover, Cui Xie hadn't been to the Slaughter Sword Mountain. If he slaughtered too many creatures, it would be troublesome if he was infected with a heavy baleful aura. He would also have to spend time to eliminate this baleful aura.
In the end, Cui Xie destroyed the wall and chose to leave …
After Cui Xie left, wrinkles slowly appeared on Granny Yu's young face. Then, her hair gradually turned white, and her back stooped. She returned to her old appearance.
Ning Yudie's figure fluttered, and she grabbed her master's arm. She giggled and said, "Master, you still look good like that!"
"You have no respect for your elders!" Granny Jade rolled her eyes. She controlled the Law of Life, which was why her True Essence had such an effect. It was able to rejuvenate a person. However, Granny Jade could also use a bit more True Essence to maintain her youthful appearance, but it wasn't necessary.
Now, the atmosphere in the Cloud Hall was relatively relaxed. After dealing with Cui Xie, the mountain that was pressing down on everyone's hearts had finally been removed.
Just now, when many elders appeared, the disciples of the Cloud Hall were actually secretly watching. When they saw Luo Zheng standing under the barrier and not dodging Cui Xie's attack, they all sighed in their hearts.
"What's so great about it? This barrier is so strong. Luo Zheng is just hiding behind it! There's no danger at all! "A Cloud Hall disciple said, unconvinced.
"First, this barrier was drawn by Luo Zheng. Second, not to mention just now, even if Cui Xie comes again, I dare not stand on it!" A Cloud Hall disciple next to him retorted.