In the Central Domain, how many people dared to face Cui Xie directly?
Even Luo Zheng was unwilling to face Cui Xie directly. Only a fool would dare to provoke a Life and Death expert for no reason.
However, Luo Zheng had no other choice. Ever since Cui Xie took Luo Yan away, the conflict between him and Cui Xie was already irreconcilable. There was no room for reconciliation between him and Cui Xie.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng encountered Cui Xie, he said those shocking words. Since he knew that begging was useless, and that saving Luo Yan would ultimately depend on his own fists, he might as well be ruthless and fight to the death.
Perhaps, this was Luo Zheng's Dao.
After Cui Xie left, news of the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Great Formation quickly spread throughout the Central Domain.
A Sect Protecting Great Formation actually resisted Cui Xie's attack, and even had a chance to kill Cui Xie. This was simply unimaginable!
What did this mean? It meant that in the Central Domain, there was no sect or martial artist that could shake the Cloud Hall. If a sect war broke out, the Cloud Hall's losses would be minimal. At this moment, the Cloud Hall could already be considered as a quasi 5th grade sect!
A 4th grade sect finally changed its fate by relying on a rune master. Luo Zheng was destined to be recorded in the history of the Central Domain. At least now, everyone was certain that Luo Zheng's attainments in runes were much greater than Feng Guanyu's in history.
In these two or three days, in the restaurants of the major cities of the Central Domain, Luo Zheng could be heard everywhere.
"This time, Luo Zheng will probably become the most popular person in the Central Domain!"
"Hehe, even the half-dead Runic Tower is like Grandpa. Won't Luo Zheng become an ancestor in the future?"
"However, although his rune technique is powerful, Cui Xie is not to be trifled with. Once Luo Zheng leaves the Cloud Hall, he will die without the protection of the Sect Protecting Formation!"
In a bustling restaurant, Luo Zheng's matter was being discussed.
Suddenly, a martial artist with a tall stature slapped the table and said with a chuckle, "That might not be the case! Why don't you think about how monstrous Luo Zheng's talent is? He's able to defeat a Mid Divine Core warrior at the Divine Reflection realm! Didn't you hear what he said to the King of the East Evil? I'll spare your life! Haha, how much courage does it take to say that! "
"He's just hiding in that little tortoise shell. If it wasn't for the protection of the Sect Protecting Grand Formation, Cui Xie would be able to crush him with a single finger," another gloomy voice retorted.
"So what if I do? No matter what, I have high hopes for Luo Zheng! This young man is destined to amaze the world with a single brilliant feat, and his potential is limitless! "
All sorts of discussions and opinions were being held between all the martial artists, including those from the Cloud Hall.
At least for now, none of the people in the Cloud Hall treated Luo Zheng as a disciple of the Cloud Hall. They didn't even treat Luo Zheng as a deacon of the Cloud Hall, he was a figure comparable to an Elder!
Although Luo Zheng was the one who had brought Cui Xie back to the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng had used his own strength to drive Cui Xie away. Who else in the Cloud Hall could do something like this?
Apart from this, there was another rumor that was being spread around. For example, some people believed that Luo Zheng was Ning Yudie's exclusive lover, and that both of them were having an affair … But, this rumor was only spread in private.
A few days later, the annual Lantern Lighting Festival arrived.
As night fell, the fiery red lanterns in the Cloud Sea City were lit up.
Groups of children carried small lanterns as they walked through the streets and alleys, bringing a little bit of light to every dark corner.
For ordinary people, this day was a lively festival. Apart from the small lanterns held by the children, the adults would release sky lanterns one after another. It was said that the sky lanterns could bring good luck in the coming year.
Since the evening, countless sky lanterns had risen into the sky. Some of the sky lanterns were blown by the wind and hit the huge barrier on the surface of the Cloud Hall, releasing gorgeous flames.
Apart from releasing sky lanterns, there was also the need to kill chickens and cows to entertain the guests with a feast. It was very lively.
However, for martial artists, this day was a bit special.
In the depths of the Central Domain's Cloud Dream Swamp, a thick fog drifted all year round. The swamp was rich in a special kind of Demonic Beast called the Cloud Swallowing Beast. The Cloud Swallowing Beast's Demonic Core could be made into a pill that could prolong one's life. Therefore, every year, countless martial artists would enter the Cloud Dream Swamp.
There were many great opportunities in the swamp. Every year, there would be martial artists who would obtain great benefits in the Cloud Dream Swamp, but at the same time, countless martial artists would die in the swamp.
A Divine Reflection warrior wasn't qualified to enter the swamp, and a Divine Core warrior was only allowed to go 300 miles into the swamp. Even a False Tribulation warrior could only go 800 miles into the swamp, and any deeper than that … even a False Tribulation warrior would have a chance of dying here. A thousand miles into the swamp was a place that no one could explore.
1500 miles away from the Cloud Dream Swamp, there were no records about this place, and it could no longer be described as an uninhabited place.
There was a huge black quagmire here. This quagmire was pure black, without any ripples. It was like a dead pond ….
Right at the edge of the black swamp, there was a small straw hut. Someone was actually living here! The straw hut was very simple, and the walls and roof were made of straw.
Not long after that, a short man walked out from the straw hut. This man was also a Life and Death warrior.
Within the Central Domain, there were only a handful of Life and Death warriors, and this man obviously wasn't one of them. He was a mighty warrior who lived in seclusion.
After he walked out from the straw hut, he looked at the darkening sky and murmured, "Is it the Lantern Lighting Festival again? I've lit this lantern 77 times … I wonder if my wish will come true this year. "
The Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern would be lit during the Lantern Lighting Festival. 77 times, which meant 77 years …
After saying that, he took out an inconspicuous little oil lamp from behind his back and gently stroked it with his hand. After that, a devilish red flame appeared on the tip of his finger, and he gently rubbed it on the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern.
A faint yellow light bloomed from the flame.
Around the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern, there were nine tiny markings. Right now, six of them were lit up.
The Life and Death warrior looked at the six markings, and a faint smile emerged on his face. Nine markings, and one of them was useless …
Last year, eight markings had lit up. Would the last one light up this year?
In the World Business Alliance's headquarters, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan had already gathered in an exquisite pavilion. An Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern was placed in front of them, but they were still waiting for a certain someone.
After half an hour, the ancient magnate of the World Business Alliance slowly descended on the pavilion and said to Shi Kefan, "Light it. Also, gather the elders of our alliance while you're at it …"
Yan Yueshan looked astonished. "You mean that the ninth lantern this year …"
The ancient magnate nodded. "Yes, I've made some calculations. I have a strong premonition that the ninth lantern has already appeared, but I don't know who has it. That's why I asked you to send out invitations and do your best to help them light the lantern!"
"Then hurry up!" Yan Yueshan was an impatient person. He suddenly stood up and gently clapped his hands. A ball of flame shot toward the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern and steadily lit it up. At this moment, the seventh marking lit up on the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern.
The taciturn Mo Haishan nodded. "This year's speed is quite fast. Last year, the eighth marking only lit up at midnight. I almost thought that the person with the eighth lantern had given up …"
"I hope it can be done. I'll go gather the elders of the alliance," Shi Kefan said with a smile as he looked at the markings.
On a small island in the boundless South Sea, Cui Xie took out his Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern and carefully examined it. He had already made preparations for this trip to the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern.
He sat on the top of a large tree on the island. Around the tree were six cloaked martial artists. These six were mid-stage and late-stage False Tribulation experts. They were willing to follow Cui Xie to their deaths and assist him in his great cause of establishing a Divine Nation!
Therefore, Cui Xie had to bring them along for this trip to the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lantern …
However, Cui Xie wasn't sure if the last lantern would be lit up. Now, he was focused on slowly lighting up his small oil lamp. The eighth marking also lit up.
Cui Xie looked at the dim yellow markings on the small oil lamp and muttered, "I wonder if the last marking can be lit up?"
(Readers are my parents. How can I not be grateful that you are willing to support me? Thank you to all the readers who have tipped me. Thank you to all the readers who have silently subscribed to me. In this era where piracy is rampant, you are willing to spend money to read my books. This is your encouragement to me. I have already reported the problem with the garbled code yesterday to the company. I'm really sorry for the inconvenience! Thank you to Chen Feng for your 5K tipping again! Thank you to Uncle Cai, Tiger Soul, Love Gu, and Chu Xuanming for your support. The update times have already been fixed: 7: 30 am, 5: 30 pm, 9: 00 pm, 11: 00 pm. Thank you!)
＝＝＝＝＝