The eight Spirit Lamps of the Immortal Graveyard were in the hands of different forces in the Central Region. Apart from confirming that Cui Xie and the General Commerce League each had one Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Graveyard, the martial artists in the Central Region knew nothing about the other six Spirit Lamps. It was possible that the Blood Wood Cliff had the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Graveyard, or even that the owner of the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Graveyard was not in the Central Region!
But no matter what, the people who held the lamps hoped that the last lamp would be lit tonight.
On a platform at the edge of the Cloud Palace, Ning Yudie stood on it, watching the sky lanterns flutter in the sky, like small stars flickering in the night sky.
The elders of the Cloud Hall had already received the news the day before that the last Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp had fallen into the hands of Ning Yudie.
This news shocked the elders greatly. They didn't expect that after waiting for so many years, the last lamp would be in the Cloud Hall!
The Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb was a great opportunity for the warriors in the Central Domain!
The treasures and opportunities hidden in the Tomb of the Immortals filled the hearts of many warriors with fanciful thoughts. This was also the reason why so many warriors went to the Chaotic Astral Ocean, wanting to sneak in from outside the Tomb of the Immortals. However, so far, tens of thousands of warriors had lost their lives in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, but none of them had succeeded.
The only way to enter the Immortal Tomb was the Immortal Tomb's Spirit Lamp.
Of course, with the appearance of the Immortal Tomb's Spirit Lamp, all kinds of conspiracy theories were born.
Some people thought that the Immortal Tomb's Spirit Lamp was a big trap. Otherwise, why would the Heaven Mist Immortal leave nine lamps for outsiders to enter?
Luo Zheng also suspected this before.
But for warriors, opportunities always coexisted with risks. Warriors who were afraid of the slightest thing couldn't grow at all. Everything in the world was like this!
After the elders in the Cloud Hall discussed, a total of six elders decided to enter the Immortal Tomb. Their reasons were different.
For example, Mister Zhuo was a powerful and relatively young elder. Naturally, he wanted more opportunities and opportunities.
Take Elder Fei Han as an example. He was already old, and his lifespan was nearing its end. If he was unable to break through, he would eventually fall in front of the Longevity Gate …
The other elders all had their own reasons.
This time, Granny Yu also decided to go to the immortal tomb. She had the same reason as Elder Fei Han, and was even more urgent than Elder Fei Han. As a Life and Death expert, she had to face a life and death calamity. If there were no accidents, she would definitely not be able to survive the second life and death calamity and was destined to fall!
Granny Yu's only choice was to place her hopes on the legendary Life-Death Flower.
"The lights are on …" Ning Yudie said softly.
Luo Zheng nodded. His True Essence quietly circulated, turning into a ball of flame that slowly floated toward the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp.
The ninth spirit lamp of the tomb was finally lit.
Almost at the same time, the eyes of the other cultivators holding these nine lamps suddenly lit up!
"The ninth imprint has been lit!" Yan Yueshan laughed heartily in the World Business Alliance's headquarters.
In Cloud Dream Swamp, the short cultivator stared at the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp in front of him, his brows gradually relaxing.
As for Cui Xie and the others, their faces were all filled with excitement.
The nine lamps that had been waiting for over a thousand years were finally lit at the same time! How could they not be excited?
After the nine lamps were lit, a huge building in the depths of the Chaotic Astral Ocean began to emit a green light. This building was the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb.
Many cultivators in the Central Domain had seen this building before, but at most, they could only look at it from afar. Any cultivator who came close would be killed by a special curse from the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb. No matter if you were a False Tribulation Realm cultivator or a Life and Death Realm cultivator, you would all be killed by the curse without exception.
After the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb emitted a faint glow, a light wheel in the middle started to slowly spin. Then, nine small balls of light appeared in different parts of the tomb.
At the top of the immortal tomb, in a triangular secret room, a small crystal ball was filled with fine powder.
The fine powder had existed here for thousands of years, but it seemed to have been awakened at this moment. The powder kept condensing together, finally forming a black mass. The black mass kept fusing until it finally took the shape of a human face.
"So slow. I didn't expect … that I would wait for over two thousand years …"
The face spoke in a hoarse voice, as if it was extremely weak.
Luo Zheng looked at the smoke of the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb. Rays of blue light were constantly being emitted. This ray of light slowly rose and began to slowly rotate above the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb.
"A teleportation gate," Ning Yudie murmured.
Although everyone knew that the spirit lamp was the only way to enter the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, no one expected this tiny spirit lamp to be able to summon a teleportation gate.
"Let's go in." Ning Yudie looked at her master, then she turned to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded his head, then he took the lead and stepped into the blue vortex. After that, Ning Yudie flew into the vortex as well.
After them were Granny Yu, all Sect Elders, and a few elite disciples from the Cloud Hall. Although some of these elite disciples were only at the Divine Core realm, if they dared to venture into the vortex, they would still be given an opportunity. As long as they didn't die and were able to return safely from the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, they would surely be able to benefit greatly in the future.
After stepping into the blue teleportation formation, everyone immediately felt as if they were wrapped in a bright light. Strangely, this traditional tunnel seemed to be extremely stable, and no dimensional storms could be seen. Also, there were many blue patterns engraved on the walls of the tunnel.
This was not something any warriors from the Central Domain could do. Perhaps, this was the work of Immortal Tian Miao.
Inside the spatial tunnel, no one could feel the passage of time. It felt as if time was moving very slowly, but at the same time, it felt as if everyone had passed through the tunnel in an instant.
Right when Luo Zheng stepped out from the spatial tunnel, he immediately saw a huge ferocious beast with its mouth wide open, and it was charging toward him.
Luo Zheng's body immediately started moving, and he was about to counterattack. But, when he looked closer, he saw the huge ferocious beast crash into a thin light barrier, then it was bounced back and swam deeper into the ocean.
"Deep Sea Devil Kraken, a ferocious beast that can devour everything with its huge mouth. This ferocious beast's strength is comparable to a Life and Death warrior, and this is one of the reasons why it's so hard for any warriors to get close to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb." Xiao Die had also left the spatial tunnel. She stood behind Luo Zheng and slowly explained.
That huge ferocious beast was actually comparable to a Life and Death warrior. This Chaotic Astral Ocean was indeed filled with endless killing intent!
The Chaotic Astral Ocean was originally a forbidden land for the warriors of the Central Domain. Although the Chaotic Astral Ocean seemed vast, the number of ferocious beasts and all kinds of life forms within it was thousands or even tens of thousands of times more than those in the Central Domain.
In the depths of the ocean, it was said that there were some tribes, gathering places, and even countries.
"Fortunately, there is a barrier outside the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb." Luo Zheng sighed. Even the Chaotic Astral Ocean was not something Luo Zheng could imagine.
At this time, Granny Yu, Mister Zhuo, Elder Fei Han, Daoist Big Dream, and the other elders also left the spatial tunnel one by one.
Everyone discovered that they were actually at the edge of the immortal tomb, and in front of them was a long and narrow tunnel. The other directions were blocked by a barrier, and outside the barrier was an endless sea.
"There is only one entrance." Daoist Big Dream stood at the entrance of the tunnel. As he spoke, he took out a "person" from his spatial ring.
This person was no different from an ordinary warrior. Whether it was the skin or the appearance, they were all exquisite. However, there was no expression in his eyes, as if he was dead, without any vitality.
After Daoist Big Dream put down the "person", this person ran into the tunnel at an extremely fast speed.
"That's a puppet! This is Daoist Big Dream's puppet technique. "Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched. When he first entered the Cloud Hall, he was controlled by Daoist Big Dream as a puppet for a long time.
Letting a puppet explore the path first to see if there were any dangers, the puppet technique seemed to be very useful at this time.
Everyone stood at the entrance of the tunnel and waited for a while. Daoist Big Dream nodded and said, "There is no danger in this tunnel, we can go in."