At the same time, cultivators walked out of the other eight balls of light floating around the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb one after another.
Most of them were martial artists from the Central Domain. Just as many people in the Central Domain had speculated, these spirit lamps would eventually fall into the hands of the large sects.
Martial artists from small sects and clans wouldn't have much use for the spirit lamps even if they obtained them. They weren't strong enough, so how would they dare to compete with the top experts in the Central Domain for the treasures in the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb? They wouldn't even know how to spell the word 'death'. It would be better to give it to the large sects in exchange for some tangible benefits.
Therefore, among the nine forces that entered the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, not only did the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance come, but the people from the Blood Wood Cliff, the Mysterious Yin Mansion, and the Black Mountain Sect also came. The others were independent martial artists from the Central Domain who had hidden themselves from the world. There was no lack of hidden experts in the Life and Death Realm among them!
However, among the nine forces, there was one force that didn't come from the Central Domain.
This faction was the furthest away from the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, so it took them the longest time to travel through the spatial passageway. Only after everyone from the Central Region had entered the passageway did a few people appear from the ball of light.
"Eh, is this the so-called Sky Mist Immortal Tomb?" The one who spoke was a woman in black.
"Yes, Junior Sister, this is the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb!" Another handsome man with a medium build smiled.
The woman in black looked around and asked again, "Didn't you say that we can only enter when the small lamps are lit? Since all nine lamps are lit today, why don't I see anyone else?"
This question caught the handsome man's attention. He sniffed and said, "Perhaps this immortal tomb corresponds to the nine lamps, so there should be nine different entrances. However, Junior Sister, there's no need to care about those ants. As far as I know, the other eight lamps are lost in the North Heaven Domain. Those ants are nothing to us. We just need to find what we need."
The woman in black nodded with a ruthless look on her face. "I don't want the immortal bones or the Life and Death Flower. I just want that thing. I'll kill whoever dares to take it from me!"
The handsome man laughed. "Junior Sister, how dare those ants take it from you!"
"Go!" The woman in black didn't think too much about it. She didn't seem to care about the dangers in the passageway. She directly entered without any probing.
The handsome man and the black-clothed woman both came from the four Divine Kingdoms.
As for the Central Domain where Luo Zheng lived, in the four Divine Kingdoms, it was called the Tianbei Domain. Some people from the Divine Kingdoms might look down on the Tianbei Domain and even call it the Tianbei Island …
In fact, the Central Domain, together with the surrounding North, South, East, and West Domains, was unimaginably large. However, in the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms, it was a lot more barren.
Back then, the Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamp had coincidentally fallen into the hands of the handsome man's family. They had also kept this secret for two thousand years, not daring to leak it in the slightest. He was afraid that the experts of the four Divine Kingdoms would find out and enter the Firmament Immortal Tomb to compete for the treasures within.
The various forces in the Northern Heaven Region? They didn't even take him seriously!
This man and woman were only False Tribulation experts. However, there were several Life and Death guards behind them.
After they entered the tunnel, the black-clothed girl furrowed her brows. "What's going on?"
The handsome man had a puzzled look on his face as well. "What a powerful suppressive force, both our cultivation and strength are being suppressed!"
One of the guards behind them said with a deep voice, "I can feel it as well, this suppressive force seems to be caused by some powerful formation! It's impossible to resist! "
Right now, they weren't the only ones who could feel this powerful suppressive force, almost all the warriors who entered the tunnel could feel it.
No matter if it was a Life and Death warrior, False Tribulation warrior, or even a Divine Core warrior, none of them could escape from this suppressive force.
Ice crystals were sparkling on her slender fingers, and a puzzled expression emerged on Ning Yudie's face. "My cultivation has been suppressed by an entire stage, and I can only unleash the strength of a Mid Divine Core warrior!"
Ning Yudie's cultivation had been restored to the Mid False Tribulation realm, and after suppressing her cultivation by an entire stage, she was only at the Early Divine Core realm.
As for the other False Tribulation Sect Elders, such as Fei Han and the other Sect Elders, they were the same. Right now, they could only unleash the strength of a Divine Core warrior.
As for Granny Yu, she was originally at the Life and Death realm, but now, she was only at the Early False Tribulation realm!
Everyone's expressions became unsightly. What all warriors trusted the most was their own strength and cultivation, and now, even that had been taken away from them, causing their cultivation to drop by an entire stage. How were they going to face all the dangers in the Skymist Immortal Tomb?
As for Luo Zheng …
His cultivation was the lowest here, and even with all his hard work, he was only at the Seventh Divine Reflection realm. If his cultivation was suppressed by an entire stage, he would be pushed back to the Seventh Xiantian realm!
But this wasn't the case.
He didn't feel the suppressive force at all!
Looking at the puzzled expressions on everyone's faces, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
Everyone's cultivation was being suppressed, but why didn't he feel anything?
While he was puzzled, he suddenly felt his Sumeru Ring heating up. This Sumeru Ring was the one given to him by Ning Yudie. Because it was a female ring, Luo Zheng didn't wear it on his finger.
A Sumeru Ring couldn't be used to store other rings, because the two rings would conflict with each other. In the end, it would cause a dimensional storm within the ring, destroying all the items stored within. Therefore, Luo Zheng found a string, tied the ring around his neck, and hung it on his chest.
Because the Sumeru Ring had a huge storage space, Luo Zheng was able to transfer some of his items into it.
Right at this moment, the Sumeru Ring with Little Phoenix engraved on it was heating up …
What was going on? Luo Zheng murmured to himself. Could it be that the Sumeru Ring had blocked the suppressive force for him? Did Xiao Die's Sumeru Ring have such a function?
Obviously, it was impossible, as Sumeru Rings rarely had any other functions attached to them. Even if it did have some special function, Xiao Die would know about it.
The problem should be with the things inside the Sumeru Ring.
Luo Zheng injected his soul power into the Sumeru Ring, and began to scan the items inside. Soon, he found a small object that was constantly glowing.
It was a token.
From the Eastern Domain to the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had obtained many tokens, such as the Blue Cloud Sect, the Zhang Clan, the Cloud Hall, and the World Business Alliance. They were all piled up in a corner of the Sumeru Space …
Among these tokens, there was one that was shining, and the word "Xun" was engraved on it.
This token was obtained by Luo Zheng in the Immortal Mansion in the Jade Dragon Valley of Guanghan Prefecture on his way back from White Emperor City!
"This is the token of that Immortal Mansion!" Luo Zheng's heart was beating slightly.
When Luo Zheng obtained this token, he left the Immortal Mansion and never returned.
According to Afo, Luo Zheng didn't have the right to control the Immortal Mansion at that time. He was only the nominal owner, and not the true owner of the Immortal Mansion.
Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't enter the Immortal Mansion again. After all, Luo Zheng didn't have the authority to use the weapon refinery, pill refinery, and so on.
When he left, Afo gave Luo Zheng this token, which was engraved with the word "Xun" from the Eight Trigrams.
This token could only help Luo Zheng enter the Immortal Mansion and protect him from the attacks of the two mountain-like puppets. Whether it was in the Eastern Domain or the Central Domain, Luo Zheng naturally couldn't use it, so he had left it in a corner of the Sumeru Ring.
He hadn't expected that after entering the Immortal Tomb of Heaven Mist, this "Xun" token would be able to resist the suppressive force!
"Immortal Mansion … Immortal Tomb," Luo Zheng muttered to himself. What was the relationship between the two? Was the owner of the Immortal Mansion related to Daoist Heaven Mist? Could it be that Daoist Heaven Mist was the owner of the Immortal Mansion?
There were no clues to this mystery, and Luo Zheng could only make wild guesses. But, no matter what, Luo Zheng was able to resist the suppressive force, this was good news for him.
With his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base, Luo Zheng was able to defeat Divine Core warriors, but now, all those Void Tribulation warriors had suppressed their strength to the Divine Core realm, while Luo Zheng's cultivation base wasn't suppressed at all …
In other words, Luo Zheng had the strength to fight Void Tribulation warriors in the Immortal Tomb of Heaven Mist!
Of course, since he was following everyone from the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng didn't show any reaction.