After entering the immortal tomb, everyone's vigilance had been raised to the maximum. Everyone's cultivation was suppressed, and that had created a huge psychological pressure. Coupled with the chilly wind blowing through the tunnel, the atmosphere became even more oppressive.
After all, this was the tomb of an Immortal, and according to the legends, an Immortal was an existence that defied the Heavenly Dao. Even though the Immortal was dead, this tomb was built by an Immortal, and it was bound to be filled with traps!
A few Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall followed closely behind the Sect Elders. This was the only way they could feel safe. Most of the time, warriors weren't afraid of death, but they were afraid of dying in vain.
Luckily, Daoist Big Dream was controlling his puppet, and he was walking in the front. They didn't encounter any traps along the way, and right now, everyone could still see the puppet exploring the path ahead.
But, the puppet was perfectly fine, so why did Granny Yu remind everyone to be careful?
Granny Yu was a Life and Death warrior, and even though her cultivation was suppressed, her overall strength was still much stronger than everyone else. Right after her words left her mouth, a dark shadow suddenly appeared and hopped towards the puppet controlled by Daoist Big Dream.
Daoist Big Dream's overall strength was ranked in the top three amongst all the Sect Elders in the Cloud Hall. He was only second to Granny Yu and Ning Yudie, and was on par with Mister Zhuo.
When Daoist Big Dream was controlling Luo Zheng, he was able to easily defeat a group of elite disciples with his Xiantian cultivation. His skill in puppetry had reached a very high level, and under Daoist Big Dream's control, the puppet not far away from him was not weak. It was at least as strong as a Divine Core warrior.
Daoist Master Big Dream reacted extremely quickly in the face of that pitch-black shadow. Suddenly, a slender sword shot out from the golem's hand!
Although the puppet had the same appearance as a human, it was still a puppet created by Daoist Big Dream, and the weapon was hidden in the puppet's arm.
When the thin sword shot out, it viciously slashed toward the dark shadow.
"Ding!"
When the thin sword, which was comparable to an Immortal Weapon, collided with the dark shadow, it produced a spark, and at the same time, a metallic sound rang out.
Only now did everyone see what the dark shadow was.
"It's actually a refined Yin Corpse!" Daoist Big Dream said with a frown.
The Yin Corpse was refined by someone. It was originally a kind of insidious evil technique. It refined the corpse of a dead person into a powerful weapon. Moreover, the stronger the strength of the deceased when they were alive, the more powerful the Yin Corpse would be.
The Yin Corpse was only pushed back a few steps by Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet, then it reached out two black arms to grab Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet.
Daoist Master Big Dream knit his brows and controlled the puppet to counterattack. Two flying daggers suddenly shot out from the puppet's chest and at the same time, a sharp dagger suddenly protruded from the puppet's knee. Raising its leg, it fiercely slammed into the Yin Corpse.
"Ding ding …"
The Yin Corpse's flesh seemed to be extremely tough, the puppet's two attacks did not cause any damage to the Yin Corpse.
On the other hand, the Yin Corpse's hands suddenly intertwined and stabbed into the puppet's chest like two knives. Then, with a forceful pull, Daoist Master Big Dream's puppet was directly torn to pieces.
After the Yin Corpse tore apart the puppet, its figure flashed and pounced toward the people of the Cloud Hall.
Yin Corpses did not have any intelligence, as long as it invaded its territory, it would attack indiscriminately.
Granny Yu and Ning Yudie didn't move, but Mister Zhuo, who had been silent all this time, sneered and took a step forward. A long spear suddenly appeared in his hand, and he thrust it towards the Yin Corpse's head.
The long spear was covered in lightning. When the spear thrusted out, it was like a lightning dragon, aiming at the Yin Corpse's head. It was fast and accurate.
"Bo!"
The Yin Corpse's head was instantly blown apart by the spear!
In terms of attack power, Senior Mister Zhuo was stronger than Daoist Master Big Dream. In the Cloud Hall, he was second only to Granny Yu and Ning Yudie.
The Yin Corpse that had lost its head swayed twice before its stiff body fell to the ground.
Although Senior Mister Zhuo had destroyed the Yin Corpse with a single spear, everyone's mood did not relax at all.
In the minds of these people, Yin Corpses were not something that could be seen in public. There were only a few Second and Third Grade Sects in the Central Domain that had this method of refining Yin Corpses.
The Yin Corpses in the Cloud Hall weren't very strong, and even a Divine Core warrior could easily kill them. But now, Senior Mister Zhuo had to use his spear to kill one. Didn't that mean the other things in this Skymist Immortal Tomb were much stronger?
After killing the Yin Corpse, the group continued walking forward. The path became wider, but the Yin energy became denser.
"Both sides are filled with Yin Corpses!" An elite disciple from the Cloud Hall said with a trembling voice. This elite disciple from the Cloud Hall was a Divine Core warrior, but when he saw so many Yin Corpses, his scalp still went numb.
Luo Zheng who was following behind the group glanced around. There were two rows of black iron fences on both sides of the wide path, and the fences were filled with Yin Corpses. There were at least ten Yin Corpses in each row, and Luo Zheng estimated that there were at least three to four hundred Yin Corpses in each row of fences.
These Yin Corpses stretched out their black hands from behind the fences and kept jumping around. When they saw the group approaching, they became restless. Some of the Yin Corpses were even letting out 'ho ho' noises, and it was a terrifying sight to behold.
"Don't be afraid, these Yin Corpses are trapped behind the fences, and they can't get out!" A Sect Elder immediately said.
Hearing the Sect Elder's words, the elite disciples felt slightly comforted. The black iron fences looked very sturdy, and although these Yin Corpses had incredible strength, they couldn't tear the fences apart.
However, just as the group took a few steps forward, they suddenly heard a crisp cracking sound. The fences on both sides of the path had retracted back into the walls at the same time.
Without the fences separating them, the Yin Corpses started leaping towards the group from the Cloud Hall.
Granny Yu let out a cold snort, then she said, "Kill them all!" After saying that, she waved the walking stick in her hand and charged towards the group of Yin Corpses.
Although there were a lot of Yin Corpses, and although the Void Tribulation Sect Elders had their cultivation bases suppressed, it wasn't too difficult for them to deal with these Yin Corpses.
"Pu! Pu! Pu! "
Mister Zhuo thrust out his spear three times in an instant, and each thrust was accompanied by a long and narrow lightning bolt. In an instant, three Yin Corpses' heads were blown off.
Daoist Big Dream's speed wasn't slow either. Right now, he was wearing a pair of bronze gloves, and whenever he took a step forward, he would appear behind a Yin Corpse in an unpredictable manner. With a single punch, he would crush the Yin Corpse's head!
Daoist Big Dream's best skill was the Phantom Steps, but there was no need for him to use it right now.
The Sect Elders kept killing the Yin Corpses in front of them. As for the Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall, they were in a much more miserable state.
Their cultivation bases were originally at the Divine Core realm, but after being suppressed by the strange suppressive force in the immortal tomb, their cultivation bases had dropped by one stage. Now, they were only at the Divine Core realm.
"Fang Li, let's go!" A disciple of the Cloud Hall drew his sword.
Another disciple of the Cloud Hall nodded his head, then he drew his sword and charged towards the Yin Corpses as well.
"Ding, ding …"
For them, these Yin Corpses were invulnerable, and they couldn't cause any harm to them. It seemed like the only thing they could do was run for their lives!
Luckily, there were six Sect Elders from the Cloud Hall, and while these Sect Elders were killing the Yin Corpses, they still had the energy to protect these elite disciples.
Seeing that they couldn't defend against these Yin Corpses, two Sect Elders came over and covered them.
"Be careful!" Right at this moment, a disciple of the Cloud Hall shouted at Luo Zheng.
Behind Luo Zheng, a Yin Corpse was sneakily leaping towards Luo Zheng. All the disciples of the Cloud Hall had witnessed the strength of this Yin Corpse. Since it was able to tear apart Daoist Big Dream's puppet, it should be able to do the same to them.
After hearing the warning from the disciple of the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng immediately turned his body around, then he saw a Yin Corpse with a face full of fangs. This Yin Corpse had to go through a lot of processes before it was created, and that was why its body was black. This Yin Corpse had a ferocious expression, and it was about to pounce towards Luo Zheng.
One of the Sect Elders who was responsible for protecting the disciples of the Cloud Hall quickly dashed over, planning to kill this Yin Corpse. This Sect Elder knew very well about Luo Zheng's position in the Cloud Hall, and he couldn't let anything happen to him.
However, before the Sect Elder could do anything, Luo Zheng flipped his wrist, and raised the Low Saint rank longsword in his hand. The tip of the sword trembled, and with the strength of 500 dragon scales in his body, the sword was thrust out.
"Shattering Sword!"
"Slap!"
With just a single strike, the Yin Corpse's head was shattered.
Besides Mister Zhuo and Daoist Big Dream, even Fei Han and the other Sect Elders couldn't do it so cleanly. The Sect Elder who came to save Luo Zheng was startled.
The few Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall were startled as well.
＝＝＝＝＝