If they were in the outside world, these Yin Corpses' strength wouldn't be considered outstanding.
These Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall could easily kill them, but after entering the Heavenmist Immortal Tomb, their cultivation bases were suppressed. Even though they were Divine Core warriors, and two of them were even at the Late Divine Core realm.
But, because of this suppression, their overall strength was only equivalent to a Divine Reflection realm warrior, and it was difficult for them to kill these Yin Corpses.
During the Martial Dao Competition, Luo Zheng had indeed shown his true strength. With his Divine Reflection realm cultivation base, he had defeated a Divine Core genius.
The disciples of the Cloud Hall no longer treated Luo Zheng as a Divine Reflection realm warrior. But, after entering the Heavenmist Immortal Tomb, everyone's cultivation bases were suppressed, and Luo Zheng should be the same as those Divine Core disciples of the Cloud Hall. He shouldn't be able to fight these Yin Corpses.
But, just now, Luo Zheng had killed all these Yin Corpses right in front of their eyes.
Didn't that mean Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to Mister Zhuo and Daoist Dameng?
Now, they couldn't wrap their heads around this.
A Divine Reflection realm warrior challenging a Divine Core warrior who was a whole realm higher than him, this was something that no one had ever done before. But, Luo Zheng had done it. This meant he had incredible talent, incredible strength, and great fortune.
Although no one believed it, they were gradually able to accept it.
He had indeed relied on his own strength to defeat Cui Yun and kill Si Miaoling. If it wasn't for Cui Xie's threat to withdraw from the Martial Arts Conference and set up that perverted sect protecting formation that made one's hair stand on end, perhaps even the Void Spirit Sect's Little Jie would not be his match.
Although many people didn't want to admit it, they still had to accept it.
But, crossing two realms and having the same strength as a Void Tribulation warrior, wasn't this a bit too much?
"Luo Zheng … how did you do it?" A disciple of the Cloud Hall asked.
Two Early Void Tribulation realm Sect Elders were looking at Luo Zheng as well, hoping he could give them an answer.
Luo Zheng spread his hands and smiled. His body suddenly moved, and with a single step, he crossed a distance of 15 to 60 meters, then he thrust out his sword again.
"Boom!" Another Yin Corpse's head was blown up by Luo Zheng's Saint Grade Longsword. After losing its head, the Yin Corpse swayed a few times before kneeling down in front of Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie swung the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand. Every time she made a move, the cold qi froze several Yin Corpses. Then she swung the Profound Ice Halberd and charged forward.
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
These Yin Corpses were like pieces of crystal, but they were shattered by Ning Yudie. The corpses of the Yin Corpses fell to the ground.
After exterminating the wave of Yin Corpses in front of her, Ning Yudie looked back indifferently. She happened to see Luo Zheng blow up the head of a Yin Corpse. Her eyes were slightly startled, but then they were filled with a smile. She felt that in Luo Zheng's dictionary, there was no such thing as "no". Luo Zheng's speed of killing Yin Corpses was almost comparable to Daoist Master Dameng and Great Teacher Zhuo …
Granny Yu didn't make a move. These Yin Corpses were indeed a bit troublesome, but they were only a small problem. If Granny Yu had to make a move against these small problems when they had just entered, then there would be no need to continue on the road ahead. It was still not too late to turn back now.
Under the extermination of Ning Yudie, several Sect Elders, and Luo Zheng, the number of Yin Corpses was rapidly decreasing.
After the last Yin Corpse was smashed to pieces by Ning Yudie's Profound Ice Halberd, a loud roar came from the front, followed by heavy footsteps.
Ning Yudie stood in front of everyone. The Profound Ice Halberd was placed behind her waist, and she was staring into the darkness in front of her.
Soon, a huge figure dashed out from the darkness.
At the same time, an enormous demonic energy swept across the crowd!
The False Tribulation Sect Elders were still fine, they were able to withstand this demonic energy that contained an infinite amount of fear. However, besides Great Teacher Zhuo and Daoist Master Dameng, all the other Sect Elders' faces had turned pale.
As for the group of Divine Core Cloud Hall disciples, all of their faces had turned deathly pale, as if all the blood on their faces had been sucked dry. Their teeth were chattering non-stop!
"What a strong demonic … demonic energy …" A Cloud Hall disciple tried his best to suppress the fear in his heart as he stuttered.
Luo Zheng's expression remained unchanged. His eyes were calm as he stared into the darkness in front of him.
Luo Zheng was no stranger to demons. Back in White Emperor City, he had killed many Demon Soldiers and Demon Generals, and he had nearly died in the hands of a Demon King.
But, those demons, even those Demon Kings, couldn't unleash such a powerful demonic energy! If Luo Zheng's soul hadn't entered the Combat Soul realm, perhaps he wouldn't have been able to withstand such a powerful demonic energy.
"Demons?" Ning Yudie furrowed her brows.
Under the attacks of many warriors, the Demon Clan in the Central Region was in a state of complete extinction. Therefore, a part of the Demon Clan passed through the Eastern Region and created a huge space crack. They wanted to occupy the entire Eastern Region and use it as a stronghold to invade the Central Region.
This was the reason why Luo Zheng had gone to White Emperor City to train.
But, because of the existence of the Blue Cloud Sect, the demons had always had the opportunity to expand.
The Demon Race was a large race that was comparable to the human race. Of course, the experts in the race were not limited to the Demon Kings and Demon Generals. However, if the Demon Race sent out an even more powerful Demon Thearch, the Cloud Palace would naturally send out an expert of the False Tribulation Realm.
"It's a dead Demon Emperor that had been refined into a Yin Corpse. Let me deal with it," Grandma Yu said indifferently as she walked forward with her walking stick.
"It's just a Demon Emperor Yin Corpse. There's no need for master to take action. Xiao Die can handle it." After speaking, Ning Yudie rushed out first.
Ever since Ning Yudie had stepped into the False Tribulation Realm, she hadn't used her full strength. However, there were people who had estimated her strength. Although she was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, her true strength was equivalent to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
Ning Yudie's white figure fluttered. As her skirt fluttered, bits of icy mist quietly spread out.
"Dong dong dong …"
A Demon Emperor was ten times stronger than a Demon King. It was as tall as three people. Standing in front of Ning Yudie, compared to Ning Yudie's petite figure, it was like a giant.
"Ho ho!"
The Demon Emperor Yin Corpse made a strange sound from its throat. It waved its two sharp claws and clawed at Ning Yudie.
"Bang!"
Just as the two sharp claws were about to land, they were blocked by Ning Yudie's Profound Ice Halberd. Ning Yudie held the Profound Ice Halberd in one hand and actually blocked the power of the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's claws!
Just this Profound Ice Halberd alone was more than four feet taller than Ning Yudie's body, and in her small hands, a light blue True Qi was constantly flickering. Holding this Profound Ice Halberd that was completely disproportionate to her size, Ning Yudie was able to stop the Monster Emperor Yin Corpse's hands. This scene was extremely shocking and strange!
Who could imagine that Ning Yudie's petite body actually contained such power?
Not only that, she suddenly turned one of her hands and twisted the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's hands downward. She actually began to press it down!
The Demon Emperor Yin Corpse that was like a small mountain was pressed down inch by inch by Ning Yudie. It was as if the Profound Ice Halberd that was pressing it down weighed millions of kilograms, or even tens of millions of kilograms!
Finally, the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse could no longer bear the weight. Its huge body actually knelt on one knee on the ground. Even though it was kneeling on one knee, the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse was still much taller than Ning Yudie.
This Demon Emperor Yin Corpse had already lost its intelligence. Even though it knew it wasn't an enemy, it still exploded with all its strength to resist the Profound Ice Halberd's pressure. The "ho ho" sounds from its mouth became louder and louder. The Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's terrifying red compound eyes stared firmly at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie suddenly revealed a cold smile. The Profound Ice Halberd in her small hand suddenly shrunk. Her figure turned in a circle, and the Profound Ice Halberd also circled around her. From the other side, it ruthlessly swept across the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse's side.
"Bang!"
This Demon Emperor Yin Corpse was directly whipped away by Ning Yudie. It heavily crashed into the wall not far away.
Seeing this scene, Zhuo Bufan's eyes flashed. He had always been unconvinced by Ning Yudie's strength. But now, the strength that Ning Yudie had exploded with made him feel ashamed of his inferiority.
Everyone was also shocked by Ning Yudie's brute force …
Ning Yudie didn't give this Demon Emperor Yin Corpse a chance to get up. Her figure flickered again, and a snowflake-like rune suddenly appeared in her left eye.
"Absolute Ice Seal!"
At this time, a frightening chill exploded around Ning Yudie's body. The immortal tomb, which was originally filled with chilly winds, became as cold as an ice cave.
Just as the Demon Emperor Yin Corpse was about to get up, its body suddenly stiffened. It remained motionless in the position of getting up.
"Crack!"