Because Ning Yudie had dissipated her cultivation nine times, her cultivation base was constantly changing. Therefore, it was very difficult for people to measure Ning Yudie's strength.
Many people thought that even if Ning Yudie's strength recovered to the False Tribulation Realm, she would only be slightly stronger than Mister Zhuo and Daoist Master Dameng. However, now it seemed that Ning Yudie was much stronger than them. If Ning Yudie entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, she might be able to fight against a Life and Death Realm expert.
After dealing with this Yin Corpse Demon Emperor, Ning Yudie once again led everyone forward.
At the same time, the experts on the other eight paths of the immortal graveyard were also moving forward!
Behind Cui Xie, the six cloaked martial artists didn't say a word. Facing this group of Yin Corpses, Cui Xie and the six independent False Tribulation Realm martial artists almost completely crushed them in a few breaths.
As for the martial artists of Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Mysterious Yin Mansion, they also passed through this path without any danger.
Among these nine forces, the fastest to pass through was the group of martial artists from Divine Nation. The black-robed woman and the handsome man didn't even make a move. One of the people behind them rushed out, took out a golden bow, and shot five sharp arrows at the Yin Corpses!
These five sharp arrows seemed to have a life of their own as they shot towards five Yin Corpses. Strangely, after shooting through the heads of the five Yin Corpses, the remaining power of these arrows didn't disappear. Instead, they swallowed the power of the Yin Corpses and became even stronger. At the same time, they split into two!
The five sharp arrows turned into ten sharp arrows and shot towards the other ten Yin Corpses. After absorbing the power of these ten Yin Corpses, the sharp arrows turned into twenty, forty, eighty, one hundred and sixty sharp arrows!
Hundreds of Yin Corpses were dealt with in just a few breaths. Then, all the sharp arrows merged into one and shot towards the last Yin Corpse Demon Emperor. The arrow pierced through the last Yin Corpse Demon Emperor in an instant.
If the power of this bow was seen by many martial artists in the Central Domain, they would be speechless with envy.
According to the characteristics of this bow, if there was a war between sects, one arrow could turn into two, two into four, four into eight … A single arrow could probably kill a million martial artists!
"Elder Gong's Void Transformation Bow is indeed worthy of its reputation. Hehe …" Another Life and Death Realm guard praised.
The warrior holding the bow smiled slightly and then put away the bow.
As for the black-robed woman and the handsome man, it was as if they didn't see the scene before them. They didn't pay any attention to the conversation between the two Life and Death experts. Their expressions didn't change either, as if everything was supposed to be like this.
The two of them passed through the Yin Corpses and continued forward … …
The unluckiest one was a Third Grade Family, the Yan family from Iron Salt City. This Third Grade Family could be considered as an aristocratic family in the Central Domain, and the Family Chief, Yan Shaofeng, was a Mid False Tribulation warrior. But too bad, apart from Yan Shaofeng, all the other members of the Yan family were only Divine Core warriors.
The Yan family had been working hard to become a Fourth Grade Family, and the Immortal Graveyard Spirit Lamp was a secret treasure passed down from their ancestors. The Yan family had been waiting for this day for several hundred years!
In the Heavenly Mist Immortal Graveyard, apart from Yan Shaofeng who had the ability to protect himself, none of the other men were able to fight back against those Yin Corpses. Therefore, in just a short period of time, they were all torn to pieces by the Yin Corpses. Only Yan Shaofeng survived.
Right at this moment, Yan Shaofeng almost went crazy. But, he alone was powerless to save himself. With the appearance of the last Demon Emperor Yin Corpse, Yan Shaofeng had no choice but to retreat back into the tunnel.
If the Yan family didn't have a False Tribulation warrior like him, they would be divided by the other families and powers. Therefore, he couldn't die here.
However, when Yan Shaofeng was walking back into the tunnel, he suddenly heard an indifferent voice … …
"Enter my Heavenly Immortal Graveyard … don't turn back … …"
"Who is it?!" When Yan Shaofeng heard the voice, he couldn't help but panic. He immediately ran back into the tunnel at full speed.
"Heaven's Royal Divine Capital … … Stretch out your neck to receive longevity … …"
The voice kept repeating intermittently, causing Yan Shaofeng to panic even more. However, even though the tunnel was long, it didn't take long for a False Tribulation Realm warrior to pass through it at full speed.
"The entrance is just ahead!"
As long as Yan Shaofeng rushed out of the tunnel and entered the space tunnel, he would be able to return to Iron Salt City!
However, just as he rushed to the entrance of the tunnel, he discovered that there was an additional tombstone at the entrance of the tunnel!
There were some words neatly engraved on the tombstone. The words weren't difficult to read, but Yan Shaofeng didn't have the mind to read the words on the tombstone.
As he ran, the Vital Essence in Yan Shaofeng's body flickered like a rainbow. He punched out!
"A tombstone wants to block my way? Break for me! Burning Sky Fist! "
"Peng!"
This tombstone looked like it was made of ordinary blue stone. Even a Bone Refining martial artist would be able to break it with a single punch. But after withstanding Yan Shaofeng's punch, the tombstone didn't move at all. It stood firmly in front of them.
"Break!"
"Peng!"
"Break!"
"Peng!"
Unable to pass through the tombstone, Yan Shaofeng nearly went crazy. He desperately struck the tombstone.
But under the constant strikes of the tombstone, the words on it began to glow.
Yan Shaofeng finally noticed the words on it. "Enter my Heavenly Immortal Tomb, don't turn back. Heaven's Imperial Divine Capital, stretch out your neck to receive eternal life!" There was also a signature next to it. On top of it were two words, "Heavenly Immortal!"
It was just two words, but they were like a mountain. Yan Shaofeng glanced at them and felt his vision darken. He spat out a mouthful of blood!
At this time, a series of "ho ho" sounds came from behind Yan Shaofeng. It was a large group of Yin Corpses and the Fey Emperor Yin Corpse that had followed him into the tunnel, blocking his path.
Yan Shaofeng leaned against the tombstone, his eyes filled with despair. His heart was filled with regret. His family was a third-grade family clan, so why did he want to steal food from the tiger's mouth? He wanted to join in the fun with those fourth-grade and fifth-grade sects!
As an ancient martial art practitioner, the most important thing was to weigh their own weight and strength. If he wanted to compete with a group of top powers in the Central Domain, he would only be digging his own grave …
Luo Zheng followed behind Ning Yudie and slowly shuttled through the Immortal Tomb. Ever since they killed those Yin Corpses, they didn't encounter any danger.
The space in the Immortal Tomb was unimaginably vast. After walking for about two incense sticks' worth of time, they heard Mister Zhuo suddenly exclaim in surprise, "Herb Garden!"
Everyone followed Mister Zhuo's gaze. Not far away, there was indeed a large herb garden!
Since the Immortal Tomb was built, no one had visited it. If there were really immortal herbs planted in the herb garden, after thousands of years of growth, their value would be immeasurable!
Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of joy. If they could find the Life-Death Flower in this herb garden, it would be great! The Life-Death Flower was extremely important to her and her master.
The people of the Cloud Hall also quickly rushed towards the herb garden. Luo Zheng also followed closely behind.
On the ground at the entrance of the herb garden, there was the word "Rites"!
Seeing the word "Rites", Luo Zheng's eyelids slightly jumped. What did this mean? Rites? Gifts?
This Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb was full of strange things. If it was really a dangerous place, then were those Yin Corpses at the entrance really dangerous? Ordinary fourth rank sects could even enter, right? Who would build their own place like this? And also raise a bunch of Yin Corpses to protect the Immortal Tomb?
Why would the elders of the Cloud Hall think so much?
"Maybe I'm thinking too much," Luo Zheng secretly thought. Then he also walked into the herb garden. The moment he stepped into the herb garden, all kinds of strange fragrances entered his nose.
"So fragrant!"
As far as the eye could see, there were all kinds of strange flowers and herbs blooming in the herb garden. Maybe it was because no one had taken care of it for thousands of years, but these strange flowers and herbs were scattered messily.
"This is Dragon Saliva Grass!" An elder let out a pleasantly surprised voice.
"Dream Flower! It really is a Dream Flower! "Another elder laughed.
Ning Yudie swept past the strange flowers and herbs, but her face gradually flashed with a trace of disappointment. She didn't find the legendary Life-Death Flower.
Although these herbs were precious, they could only be used as raw materials for level five or level six pills. They might not be able to enter Ning Yudie's eyes.
Luo Zheng also appropriately picked a few herbs, but they were all herbs that could stabilize one's cultivation. At this time, Qinglong's voice sounded again. "Luo Zheng, the herbs in this herb garden are very ordinary, but there is one thing that is very precious!"
"What is precious?" Luo Zheng suspiciously asked, "Aren't the most precious things in the herb garden the herbs?"
Qinglong laughed and said, "In the center of the herb garden, there is a clump of brown soil. Take this clump of soil away."
"A clump of soil?" Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression.
"Yes, that is not ordinary soil. That is Living Soil." Qinglong lightly said.