Qinglong had a unique vision, in his eyes, these herbs were nothing. Without hesitation, Luo Zheng walked towards the center of the herb garden.
A few Sect Elders were crazily harvesting these herbs, and Granny Yu and Ning Yudie didn't stop them.
The Cloud Hall had its own herb garden as well, and these herbs were much better than those in the Cloud Hall's herb garden. However, since these Sect Elders were willing to risk their lives and venture into the immortal tomb, they wanted to find their own opportunities and obtain some benefits. Therefore, Ning Yudie didn't stop them from harvesting the herbs.
As for the few disciples of the Cloud Hall, they were all extremely happy!
These herbs were considered high ranked herbs in the Cloud Hall, and each of them was extremely valuable. They were considered top ranked herbs even for Void Tribulation Sect Elders, and for Divine Core warriors like them, it wasn't hard to imagine how much they were worth.
Although they didn't dare fight with the Sect Elders in the center of the herb garden, they were satisfied with just harvesting the herbs at the edges.
Luo Zheng walked towards the center of the herb garden. All the Sect Elders only threw a glance at Luo Zheng, but they didn't pay any attention to him.
Luo Zheng shifted his gaze to the ground. The entire herb garden was filled with black fertile soil, but right now, under Luo Zheng's feet, there was a palm-sized piece of brown soil.
"Is this the Living Soil?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, just dig it out, it will be useful in the future." Qinglong said with an indifferent tone.
Without saying anything, Luo Zheng took out the longsword in his hand and stabbed it into the ground. After that, he cut the ground four times, and with a gentle pry, he dug out the brown Living Soil.
Out of Luo Zheng's expectation, although it looked like a piece of brown soil, it was extremely heavy. Even with Luo Zheng's current arm strength, he still felt it was heavy! When the brown Living Soil was dug out, it started flowing and forming into a small brown ball that emitted a metallic luster.
This thing was neither metal nor soil. It was indeed a strange thing.
"What's that?" Mister Zhuo's eyes flashed. He walked towards Luo Zheng and suddenly stretched out his hand!
The gazes of several Elders also converged on the small brown ball in Luo Zheng's hand. Although they didn't know what it was, they knew it wasn't an ordinary object.
Ning Yudie didn't say anything to stop them. The things in the medicine garden naturally belonged to whoever discovered them.
However, Mister Zhuo's reaction was the fastest. Caught off guard, he wanted to snatch the Living Soil from Luo Zheng's hands.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would flip his palm and avoid Mister Zhuo's grasp. Then, Luo Zheng stuffed the Breathing Soil into his spatial ring with lightning speed. He glanced at Mister Zhuo and asked, "What are you doing?"
Mister Zhuo laughed mischievously. "Nothing. I was just curious and wanted to take a look."
Luo Zheng sneered. He turned his head and looked around the medicine garden to see if there were any spirit herbs that he could use. Mister Zhuo said it so easily. He had reacted quickly. If Mister Zhuo had taken it away, it wouldn't have been so easy for him to get it back. Did he need Ning Yudie to deal with such a trivial matter?
Mister Zhuo must have calculated this point. That's why he suddenly snatched it. However, he didn't expect Luo Zheng's reaction to be so fast.
In a short while, the entire medicine garden was picked clean by everyone. Even the meridians of the spirit herbs weren't spared.
After the medicine garden was cleared, everyone didn't stop and continued forward.
At this time, Luo Zheng remembered that there was a large "Etiquette" character at the entrance of the herb garden. It was originally a strange thing for a herb garden to be erected here, but there was also a "Etiquette" character written on it. The only explanation was that the owner of the immortal tomb had deliberately designed it this way.
The spirit lamp of the immortal tomb, the passage, the gift … this was simply inviting people into a trap. However, they didn't know what kind of trap this "trap" was. Moreover, now that they had entered, there was no turning back.
Not long after passing through the medicine garden, everyone saw a large door. This door was a bit strange. There were many small doors above this large door. These small doors were arranged in a row. Luo Zheng casually swept his eyes over them and estimated that there were actually 45 small doors …
"Why are there so many small doors?" Ning Yudie frowned as she looked around.
"Everyone enter from the same door," Daoist Master Dameng said.
Exploring this kind of desperate situation, rashly splitting up was a big taboo. Daoist Master Dameng's idea was naturally correct.
Ning Yudie hesitated for a moment and took the lead to open a door. The moment she walked in, the door closed.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng and Grandma Yu both frowned at the same time.
"Only one person can pass through each door?" Luo Zheng reached out to pull the door, but found that the small folding door didn't budge.
Grandma Yu reached out with her walking stick and forcefully poked at the small door.
"Boom!"
Apart from a muffled sound, the small door didn't suffer any damage.
Everyone looked at each other in dismay. They didn't know what Ning Yudie had encountered after entering the door.
Luo Zheng's expression sank. He reached out and pulled open another small door next to the one Ning Yudie had entered. Immediately, his whole body went in. As soon as he entered, Luo Zheng felt a great attractive force pulling him forward. He simply couldn't resist this force, so he couldn't even retreat.
Soon after, the door behind him slammed shut …
No wonder Ning Yudie had closed the small door. Once he entered, he simply couldn't leave.
At this moment, Luo Zheng found himself in a pitch-black space. Apart from a light in front of him, everything else was pitch-black.
"I can only brace myself and walk forward." Luo Zheng walked for a while in this pitch-black space. He was getting closer and closer to the light. Finally, he approached the light. He took a step towards the light. In an instant, he walked out of this pitch-black passage. He was actually on a platform. This platform was five feet wide and ten feet long.
"Luo Zheng!" Ning Yudie's voice came from Luo Zheng's left.
Seeing that Xiao Die was safe and sound, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. It turned out that Xiao Die was on the platform next to him.
The two platforms were only a few feet apart. An adult only needed one step to cross over. However, just as Luo Zheng walked to the edge, an emerald green barrier blocked his way.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Ning Yudie leaned against the edge. She stretched out her orchid fingers and gently probed. Just as her fingertips crossed the edge of the platform, an emerald green barrier rose up. "There is a barrier around this platform. You can't cross it."
After trying to no avail, Luo Zheng began to size up this environment.
This was a huge ring-shaped abyss. He couldn't see the bottom of this abyss. He could only see layers of darkness. It was as if this abyss was a passage to hell. However, Luo Zheng's front, left, and right were all surrounded by this emerald green barrier. Even if he wanted to jump, he couldn't.
This abyss was about four to five hundred feet wide. Luo Zheng noticed that around this abyss, there were a total of nine platforms like Luo Zheng's. Each platform had forty to fifty protruding platforms.
"Nine …" Luo Zheng pondered for a moment. The number "nine" corresponded to the nine spirit lamps in the immortal tomb.
This time, the nine spirit lamps in the immortal tomb were lit. It was reasonable to say that nine forces would join. However, along the way, they didn't see any other forces. It seemed that they would gather here.
However, what was the meaning of this immortal tomb's design?
Could it be that they designed an insurmountable dead end to trap everyone here?
At this time, Granny Yu also passed through the small door and entered a platform to the left of Ning Yudie. In the Cloud Hall, people continuously stood on their own platforms.
After a while, people also appeared in front of Luo Zheng!
"It's the Void Spirit Seven, people from the Void Spirit Sect!"
Luo Zheng saw that on the opposite platform, people continuously appeared. In the end, they occupied 34 platforms. In other words, the Void Spirit Sect sent at least 34 people to enter the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb this time.
"Granny Yu, I didn't expect your Cloud Hall to obtain a lamp." When Taoist Priest Qingxu stood on his own platform, he said with a smile.
Granny Yu smiled faintly. "I also didn't expect one of the nine lamps to fall into the hands of the Void Spirit Sect."
In the Central Domain, people had been guessing who had the nine lamps for hundreds of years. This time, it should be clear.
"Luo Zheng!" A slightly childish voice came from the Void Spirit Sect's side.
Luo Zheng looked over and smiled faintly. It was the god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie.
"We still have a battle between us!" Although Xiao Jie's voice was childish, it was very clear.
Luo Zheng spread out his hands. "There will be a chance!"
Xiao Jie was the most disappointed when Luo Zheng withdrew from the Martial Arts Conference at the last minute. Xiao Jie had always felt very regretful that he didn't have a chance to fight with Luo Zheng. Even after returning to the Void Spirit Sect, he kept repeating this.
"You can't forget what we agreed on!" Xiao Jie curled his lips and said.
"Okay." Luo Zheng responded faintly. At this moment, Luo Zheng's thoughts were not on Xiao Jie.
During the Martial Arts Conference, Cui Xie had announced that he had a lamp in the immortal tomb. Then, he should appear now.
Just as he was thinking this, a strong and powerful voice suddenly sounded. "Kid, we meet again."
＝＝＝＝＝