This abyss was like a giant chimney, and all the platforms were distributed on the same level.
At this moment, people were standing on the platforms one after another.
The vigorous and powerful voice came from the side of the platform.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The one who spoke was Cui Xie.
When the people in the Cloud Hall saw Cui Xie, they suddenly became nervous.
Because of the Sect Protecting Great Array, the Cloud Hall and Cui Xie were now in a situation where they would fight to the death.
If they were in the Cloud Hall, it would be fine. At least the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Killing Array could protect them. But now, if the Cloud Hall was facing Cui Xie alone, how could they resist?
Hearing Cui Xie's words, Luo Zheng just sneered, "What an honor!"
At this moment, on another platform, another person appeared. It was the three fat men of the World Business Alliance and the ancient giant of the Business Alliance. In addition, there were many elders of the Business Alliance. Luo Zheng found Elder Xiao among them.
Elder Xiao was also a martial artist who was old but couldn't break through. In this case, he would go out to look for opportunities, hoping to break through and extend his life. After all, if he took a gamble, he might live for a few hundred more years. At most, he would die. If he lived peacefully, he would have to face death in the end. This was the last thing a martial artist, or a martial artist who had cultivated to their level, wanted to face.
"Alliance Master Shi, Alliance Master Yan, Alliance Master Mo." Ning Yudie nodded to the three leaders of the World Business Alliance.
The Cloud Hall had a good relationship with the World Business Alliance. What's more, the ancient giant of the Business Alliance was also here. If they helped each other, they wouldn't be afraid of Cui Xie.
Therefore, when the people in the Cloud Hall saw the people of the Business Alliance, they were relieved.
Then, more and more people appeared. The sect masters and elders of Blood Wood Cliff and Black Mountain Sect also appeared on the platforms.
However, there was one platform that was very strange. On the forty-five platforms, there was only one person. It was a middle-aged martial artist who wasn't very tall, but he was also in the Life and Death Realm!
The number of Life and Death Realm experts in the Central Domain could be counted with one hand. This person was a stranger, so everyone couldn't help but size him up.
Cui Xie was also secretly shocked. He felt that the martial artist's strength wasn't weaker than his, so he asked loudly, "Friend, may I ask which part of the Central Domain you are from?"
After the martial artist got onto the platform, Cui Xie, he opened his eyes....................................................................................... another.........
Cui Xie furrowed his brows. This wasn't a nice remark. It even had a hint of provocation. However, Cui Xie didn't have any impression of this person.
The middle-aged martial artist smiled coldly. "I ran for eight thousand miles day and night, and four million people chased after me nonstop. I wonder if Cui Xie remembers me. I wonder if the Void Spirit Sect remembers me. I wonder if the Cloud Hall remembers me. I wonder if the Business Alliance remembers me."
Hearing the middle-aged cultivator's words, the eyebrows of many of the people present twitched, and their eyes were filled with disbelief!
Ning Yudie pursed her lips and said faintly, "So it's him."
"Who is he?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. What eight thousand miles? Four million? Luo Zheng was also confused. "Poison King, Poison King.
Back then, he was only at the False Tribulation Realm. Because he obtained the Five Poison Scripture, he was chased by many martial artists in the Central Domain. The World Business Alliance joined forces with us to offer a bounty of one million top-grade True Origin Stones. Even martial artists who found clues about Wu Zhanhe would be rewarded handsomely. Therefore, the entire Central Domain began to hunt him down. However, after he cultivated the Five Poison Scripture, his poison skills became very powerful. He was chased for eight thousand miles, and millions of martial artists were mobilized … but in the end, he still escaped. "Ning Yudie whispered," But I didn't participate. I was still young at that time … "
"You were still young at that time? How old are you now? "Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Ning Yudie glared at Luo Zheng, "In any case, I'm older than you!"
Seeing Ning Yudie's embarrassed and angry expression, Luo Zheng only chuckled.
Cui Xie smiled faintly, "So it's you! I didn't expect that after you escaped, you would be able to see through life and death. At that time, you used the world's most powerful poison technique to escape from my hands. I concluded that you were also a person with great fortune. Not bad, not bad! "
"Not bad my ass! I was forced into the Cloud Dream Swamp by you all and lived a life of savagery. For decades, I was like a day, neither a human nor a ghost! When I obtain the inheritance of Daoist Tian Miao, I will definitely wash the Central Domain with blood. I will eradicate all of you shitty Rank 4 and Rank 5 Sects and establish my own Holy Land! "Wu Zhanhe said coldly.
Cui Xie's eyebrows twitched. He only chuckled and did not say anything. Although Wu Zhanhe was very strong, he might not be Cui Xie's opponent. Furthermore, this fellow was not targeting him alone. Wu Zhanhe clearly hated the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and the Cloud Hall to the bone. Why should Cui Xie bear this fellow's anger?
However, the people from the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, and the World Business Alliance all revealed vigilant expressions. The conflict from back then was still vivid in their minds. Wu Zhanhe's appearance was not good news for everyone.
At this moment, another person appeared on the last platform. It was a woman in black and a handsome man.
The woman in black was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, while the handsome man was at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. After the two of them appeared, they glanced around indifferently. The woman in black had a look of disdain on her face as she said indifferently, "Are these the martial artists from the Tian Bei Region?"
"Tian Bei Region?" The woman in black was closer to Cui Xie. When Cui Xie heard this, he was slightly stunned. "You all came from the Divine Nation?"
Cui Xie's words instantly attracted the attention of the people from the Central Domain. There were actually martial artists from the Divine Nation? In other words, one of the nine lamps had actually landed in the Divine Nation!
"Ant, you don't have the right to ask me a question," the woman in black said indifferently.
Hearing this, the veins on Cui Xie's neck suddenly bulged. He stared at the woman in black gloomily. "What did you say? Say it again if you dare! "
"My Junior Sister said you are an ant. What's wrong? I think it's already an honorific. You should feel honored. "The handsome man smiled slightly.
A surging aura spread out from Cui Xie's body, but it was all blocked by the emerald green boundary at the edge of the platform. During this period, Cui Xie had suffered too much! At the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng had killed Si Miaoling right under Cui Xie's nose! Then, he had hidden in the Sect-Protecting Array of the Cloud Hall to humiliate him. Now, two juniors at the False Tribulation Realm had called him an ant!
How could Cui Xie tolerate this?
"Aren't you afraid of death?" Cui Xie said coldly.
The man and woman sneered. The woman in black immediately said, "You ants from the Tian Bei Region? I'm afraid you don't have the qualifications! "
When the cultivators of the Central Domain heard the woman in black's words, their expressions turned gloomy. These two people from the Divine Nation weren't easy to deal with. Moreover, they weren't just targeting Cui Xie, but all the cultivators of the Central Domain.
However, these two people, one at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm and the other at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, dared to be so arrogant?
The two of them looked very young. Their bone ages shouldn't be too high. Their talent was good, but in terms of strength, they weren't a match for any of the fourth-grade sects present.
Just as the woman in black finished speaking, several black-clothed cultivators appeared beside the two people. These black-clothed cultivators were all Life and Death Realm experts.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "No wonder you're so confident. It turns out you have a group of Life and Death Realm experts protecting you!"
After the black-clothed cultivators appeared, they didn't say a word. It seemed like this force was led by the man and woman.
Seeing these black-clothed cultivators, Cui Xie's face revealed a hint of dread.
Everyone from the eight forces stood on the platforms around the abyss. Everyone looked at the last empty platform, but no one had appeared.
Naturally, no one would have thought that the last platform originally belonged to Iron Salt City's Yan Family. The Yan Family had already been annihilated by the Yin Corpses.
Everyone was guessing, sizing each other up, or using True Essence Sound Transmissions to discuss what would happen next.
No one could understand why the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb had such a design. What was that Daoist Heaven Mist trying to do?
While everyone was guessing, a ball of light appeared in the center of the abyss. This ball of light was like a water droplet, constantly twisting. Finally, it turned into a square shape. When the shape began to stabilize, milky white and red dots of light appeared.