Everyone's eyes were focused on the die, and their faces were filled with doubt.
It was indeed strange for a six-sided die to appear in the immortal tomb.
The die was originally spinning slowly, but it became slower and slower, and finally floated motionlessly in the air.
Just as everyone was puzzled, a ray of light suddenly shot out from the die. The ray of light was like a pointer, circling everyone along the horizontal line.
It passed by the people of Blood Wood Cliff, the people of the Void Spirit Sect, Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie …
The ray of light spun faster and faster, and after reaching a certain speed, it slowly slowed down. Finally, the pointer stopped on the platform of a Black Mountain Sect elder.
The elder who was standing on the platform had a nervous look on his face. He had no idea what was going on.
"What, what is this?" the elder asked in confusion.
No one could give him an answer. It was the first time everyone had seen this thing, so how could they know?
As time passed, the ray of light shot out from the die began to flicker. At the same time, the color of the ray of light began to change. It slowly turned from bright yellow to red, and the two colors constantly flickered.
Seeing the change in the ray of light, the Black Mountain Sect elder also began to panic. He looked at Sect Master Hei Ya in panic and shouted, "Sect Master, save me!"
Hei Ya was not far from the elder, but the problem was that the emerald green barrier around the platform could not be broken. How could Hei Ya save him?
In the end, when the ray of light completely turned red, it suddenly shone on the Black Mountain Sect elder. A heart-palpitating energy erupted from the ray of light and instantly blasted the elder into pieces!
Everyone's expressions changed when they saw this scene!
Hei Ya's face was covered by a mask, so his expression could not be seen, but his expression must not be good.
The energy contained in the ray of light made people unable to raise the thought of resisting. It was extremely terrifying.
Not to mention the False Tribulation Realm elder, even a Life and Death Realm expert might not be able to block this ray of light.
What the hell was this? Whoever this ray of light hit would die?
No one answered this question. After the ray of light killed the Black Mountain Sect elder, it began to slowly spin again.
Everyone's heart was hanging in the air. They were all praying in their hearts that the light would not shine on them!
In the end, the beam of light still slowly descended. Its speed became slower and slower, and it actually slid towards the Cloud Hall!
When the people from the other sects saw this, they heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that the sun would not shine on them.
At this moment, the expressions of everyone in the Cloud Hall sank …
Mister Zhuo looked at the beam of light that was slowly moving towards him. His face turned ashen. He only let out a sigh of relief when the beam of light slowly passed through his body.
Next, the beam of light slid towards Daoist Big Dream. Daoist Big Dream frowned as he stared at the beam of light that symbolized death, constantly thinking of a way to deal with it.
However, this beam of light still didn't stop on Daoist Master Big Dream's body. In the end, it swept past Granny Yu and slowly moved towards Ning Yudie.
"Xiao Die." Luo Zheng's heart suddenly tightened.
Just when everyone thought that the beam of light's target this time was Xiao Die, it moved a little and actually pointed at Luo Zheng!
A faint smile appeared on Cui Xie's face. This kid's luck was heaven-defying, but there were also times when he was so unlucky? Even a False Tribulation Realm martial artist couldn't resist the attack of this beam of light, let alone this kid.
"Luo Zheng!" Ning Yudie's face revealed a hint of nervousness.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
This beam of light would turn red in a few breaths' time and kill him. No one would be able to remain calm at this time.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng was unusually calm.
He still had some things he could rely on that should be able to resist the red beam of light. For example, the protective talisman given to him by the Dragon Abyss Palace Lord was also from the Upper Realm. Presumably, that protective talisman should be able to resist the attack of this beam of light.
At this time, it was useless to be impatient. The most important thing was to think.
Regardless of the purpose of this Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb's design, it shouldn't have left such a dead end. As this beam of light rotated, more and more people would die. Could it be that this beam of light wanted to kill everyone?
Calm down, calm down. Luo Zheng constantly reminded himself.
That huge die in the middle …
It was definitely related to that die. The problem was, how could he solve this puzzle?
The die …
The problem was definitely related to that die.
Everyone had to face this die, then …
After a few breaths' time, the red beam of light appeared again. At this time, yellow and red beams of light began to appear alternately. Once this beam of light turned completely red, it would instantly kill Luo Zheng.
A cold smile flashed on some people's faces. They were probably people who had a grudge against Luo Zheng, such as Cui Xie.
However, there were even more people who had worried expressions. Although Luo Zheng was now dead, what would happen next? They also had to face this beam of light. How could they be lucky enough to survive?
The red beam of light pulsed more and more violently. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His True Essence surged and he punched out. The fist shadow actually went straight for the die in the middle!
"Bang!"
The strange thing was that the emerald green barrier in front of Luo Zheng didn't stop Luo Zheng's attack. The fist shadow actually went straight for the die in the middle.
The die jumped up from Luo Zheng's punch, rolled a few times, and finally showed a number.
"Two points."
The beam of light that shone on Luo Zheng gradually turned yellow.
"It's fine?" Seeing this scene, everyone was slightly delighted.
Ning Yudie also let out a deep breath. Luo Zheng's luck was really extraordinary.
"It actually wants to hit that huge die in the middle. But I don't know the meaning behind this."
"That Elder of the Black Mountain Sect died an unjust death!"
"Who told him to be so stupid that he didn't know how to attack the die in the middle?"
Everyone discussed spiritedly. Although Luo Zheng was lucky enough to survive, they still couldn't understand. What was the meaning of the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb's design?
When the die showed "two points," the emerald green barrier in front of Luo Zheng disappeared. Two discs appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Looking at the two discs, Luo Zheng secretly nodded. "So that's how it is. Attack the die in front of you. According to the number of points that appear, you can move forward!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He stepped off the platform, stepped on the discs, and took two steps.
Luo Zheng understood at this moment. Everyone also understood. After having a plan in their hearts, their thoughts became a lot calmer. If it wasn't enough, they just had to attack the die and roll the corresponding number of steps to move forward. This wasn't difficult.
The stone in their hearts fell to the ground. When the beam of light began to rotate again, everyone was no longer so nervous.
When Luo Zheng took two steps, the beam of light began to rotate again. As it continued to rotate, it finally landed on Xiao Jie of the Void Spirit Sect!
Xiao Jie giggled and punched the die as well. Under Xiao Jie's attack, the die spun a few times in the air and finally revealed a number. "Six."
Then, six discs appeared in front of Xiao Jie. After Xiao Jie stepped on them, he smiled at Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, my luck is better than yours!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and didn't care.
Soon, the beam of light in the middle began to rotate for the fourth time. Soon, it pointed at an Elder of the Mysterious Yin Mansion.
The elder chuckled and also punched out. As a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he used 80% of his strength in this punch, but it still sent the die in the middle flying high into the air. Then, it fell heavily, revealing a number, "3."
"Three points, not bad!" That Elder of the Mysterious Yin Mansion took three steps forward without any scruples.
However, just as he stepped onto the third disc, the color of the disc changed abruptly. It changed from a translucent color to a fiery red color.
"Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison!"
A faint voice sounded in everyone's ears.
"Peng Peng …"
Around the elder, a ball of intense flames suddenly burst out. At the same time, purple lightning bolts crazily descended.
The lightning was like a wild snake, and the scarlet flames were constantly burning the elder!
After a while, the flame and lightning finally disappeared. However, only a handful of charcoal was left on the third disc!