Everyone had underestimated the situation in front of them. They thought that they could pass through this abyss by simply throwing the die.
However, the encounter of the Mysterious Yin Mansion's Elder clearly told everyone that this wasn't the case.
Dangers seemed to randomly appear on these discs, and they could even lead to death! Even a Life and Death Realm expert wasn't sure if they could withstand the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison.
After that, the light beam continued to spin. Then, a few more people threw their dice and continued to walk toward the abyss. However, those people did not encounter the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison. Some of them threw a one, and some threw a five...
Then, the beam of light pointed at Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie gently patted her hand, and the die continued to roll until it finally showed a four.
There were four discs in front of Ning Yudie. The first three were transparent, and the fourth was emerald green.
Seeing the emerald green disc, Ning Yudie hesitated for a moment. Just now, the Mysterious Yin Mansion's Elder stepped on the fiery red disc and triggered the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison. Now, she didn't know what this emerald green disc would trigger!
Although she hesitated, Ning Yudie still stepped forward. Now, there was no turning back.
Just as Ning Yudie stepped on the emerald green disc, everyone suddenly heard a voice.
"Longevity Light, reward: five hundred years of lifespan …"
Then, a green beam of light shot out from the disc, enveloping Ning Yudie.
"Reward …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression.
Everyone looked at each other in dismay. After regaining their senses, everyone's eyes revealed envy.
No one had expected that this disc would not only have the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison as a punishment, but also such a generous reward!
Five hundred years of lifespan!
In the Northern Heaven Region, there were many things that could increase lifespan, such as Life Prolonging Pills, Longevity Pills, and so on. However, these pills were extremely precious, and their effects were very limited.
For example, the Life Prolonging Pill could only extend a person's lifespan by three years. Moreover, each cultivator could only take one pill, and the second pill would lose its effect. Although the Life Prolonging Pill could extend a person's lifespan by twenty years, it contained a special kind of pill poison. After this kind of pill poison entered a cultivator's body, it would be difficult to remove it. The side effect of this pill poison was that the cultivator's strength would be unable to advance for the rest of their life!
Therefore, only some cultivators who were nearing the end of their lifespan would take the Life Prolonging Pill at the last moment.....
However, after Ning Yudie took a step forward, she actually gained 500 years of lifespan … She was originally a Void Tribulation Realm cultivator, so she already had a lifespan of more than a thousand years. In the future, it wouldn't be a problem for her to live for another two thousand years.
How could everyone not be envious?
.......................
. "" The Cloud Hall's luck has always been good. They produced a monstrous talent like Luo Zheng, and Ning Yudie's luck doesn't seem to be any worse than Luo Zheng's. If the Cloud Hall has no intention of dominating the Central Domain and establishing a Divine Nation, it is very likely that they will become a Holy Land in the future! "
"Aren't they just a fourth-grade Sect now?"
"Fourth-grade? Hehe, the Cloud Hall has always been a peak fourth-grade Sect. In fact, after Ning Yudie returned to the False Tribulation Realm, they were considered a quasi fifth-grade Sect. Now, they even have a Sect Protecting Array that can kill a Life and Death Realm powerhouse. Not to mention their true strength, which Sect can take down the Cloud Hall? Therefore, the Cloud Hall should be a fifth-grade Sect! "
Many cultivators from various Sects discussed spiritedly.
After the green light disappeared, Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of joy.
"Congratulations to the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall for obtaining such a great opportunity," the ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance said with a faint smile.
Ning Yudie smiled at him and said softly, "Thank you." However, the first thing she did was look at Luo Zheng.
After walking off the platform, the distance between the two was very close. She originally wanted to hear Luo Zheng praise her for her good luck, but who would have thought that Luo Zheng would suddenly come over and ask, "500 years of lifespan? Little Die, I really want to know how old you are now."
Ning Yudie fiercely glared at Luo Zheng, her face full of anger.
Seeing that there was not only danger but also such a reward on the disc, many cultivators became enthusiastic.
For a martial artist, these dangers did exist, but from the moment they stepped onto the path of martial arts, they understood that the world was very fair. Dangers were often accompanied by opportunities. As for whether or not you could obtain an opportunity, that depended not only on your luck, but also on your strength and perseverance!
Although the Lightning Slaughter Inferno Prison was frightening, this opportunity was even more tempting!
After Ning Yudie threw the die, the beam of light finally pointed at Cui Xie. Cui Xie stretched out a finger and lightly pointed at the die. The die gave a "5", and five discs appeared in front of Cui Xie. However, on the fifth disc, it was pitch-black.
Seeing that pitch-black color, Cui Xie had an ominous premonition in his heart.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng also slightly jumped. Black originally indicated something negative. This disc was very likely a terrible punishment. If it killed Cui Xie, that would be the best outcome!
"This is an opportunity!" Luo Zheng's heart began to beat faster.
Although he didn't know Luo Yan's current whereabouts and didn't know where Cui Xie had hidden Luo Yan, as long as Cui Xie died, with the influence of the Cloud Hall, no one in the Central Domain would dare to hold Luo Yan. Moreover, the Void Spirit Sect and the World Business Alliance wouldn't be able to interfere …
Cui Xie's face was gloomy. He immediately snorted coldly, took five steps forward, and stepped onto the black disc.
"Extreme Darkness Illusion …"
Just as that voice sounded, a ball of black light enveloped Cui Xie. Everyone saw various phantoms formed by the black fog, constantly surging on the surface of the ball of black light.
"This illusion is so powerful! Those phantoms are actually phantoms of various mythological beasts! "
"Can Cui Xie withstand it? I don't think so! "
"It's better if he dies. If Cui Xie doesn't die, he will definitely become the demon of all the warriors in the Central Domain in the future."
Cui Xie's actions were both righteous and evil, so most warriors were very afraid of Cui Xie. However, Cui Xie's strength was too strong. No one in the Central Domain was his opponent, so everyone could only endure for the time being. However, from the bottom of their hearts, they hoped that Cui Xie would die.
For example, Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, and the people of the Void Spirit Sect.
"Ha!"
Cui Xie's roar suddenly came from the black light, and a great power was transmitted from the black light.
The power was so strong that even though it penetrated the black light and spread to many warriors, they could still feel an overwhelming pressure. This was Cui Xie's strength!
"I didn't expect that such a strong master could be born in the Tianbei Domain," the handsome man from the Divine Nation said indifferently.
The woman in black was expressionless. "He's still an ant."
Following Cui Xie's roar, the number of Mythological Beasts' phantoms on the black light began to decrease, and several violent movements could be heard from within the black light, as if Cui Xie was engaged in a fierce battle with something extremely powerful!
Gradually, the phantoms of mythological beasts on the black light disappeared one by one, and the black light also gradually dissipated. Cui Xie stood steadily on the disc and snorted coldly, without any expression on his face.
"Cui Xie survived!"
"Too strong. This Extreme Darkness Illusion should be some kind of extremely powerful illusion killing array, but it was broken by Cui Xie just like that."
"No wonder he's the strongest in the Eastern Domain …"
Everyone was surprised by Cui Xie's strength, but only Cui Xie knew what kind of crisis he had just encountered! In the Extreme Darkness Illusion, various mythological beasts constantly appeared. Although these mythological beasts did not have the strength of true mythological beasts, Cui Xie's strength was suppressed. Although he had the cultivation of the Life and Death Realm, he only had the strength of the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
Cui Xie killed those mythological beasts one by one, consuming a lot of cultivation methods. In the end, he used almost all of his means to barely pass through the Extreme Darkness Illusion!
After Cui Xie passed through the Extreme Darkness Illusion, the light continued to rotate and pointed at the woman in black from the Divine Nation.
The woman in black cultivated some kind of secret method. She just glanced at the die in the middle of the abyss. The die seemed to be attacked by the woman in black's gaze and began to jump and spin.
Soon, the die showed "six points".
The woman in black looked at the six points and took a step forward indifferently. There were six discs in front of the woman in black, and the last one emitted a yellow halo.
When the woman in black stepped on the sixth disc, a voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears. "Throw again …"
The woman in black smiled faintly, but everyone was stunned. How could there be such treatment?
＝＝＝＝＝