The black-clothed woman stood on the disc and looked at the die in the middle of the abyss once more. The die began to rapidly spin once more.
After a while, the die slowly came to a stop.
"It's actually a six again!"
"Isn't this woman's luck too good?"
At this time, everyone understood that they were in a special game within the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb. As for why Misty Sky Immortal had designed this game, no one knew. However, since everyone was starting from the same starting line, they naturally didn't want to fall behind others.
The highest number that a martial artist had thrown out before was a mere six. But this woman had thrown out the first time and actually obtained the maximum number of throws.
Who would have thought that the second throw would actually result in a six again!
Soon, six more discs appeared in front of the black-clothed woman. The sixth disc was actually still flickering with a yellow halo.
The black-clothed woman walked over. Just as she stepped on the disc, the voice sounded out once more.
"Throw again …"
Seeing this, many martial artists felt even more depressed. This woman's luck was so good that it defied the heavens. It seemed to be even better than Ning Yudie's.
"This woman couldn't be cheating, right?"
"This immortal tomb was set up by an immortal. Why don't you try cheating?"
"Perhaps these people from the Divine Kingdom have grasped some unknown secret. That's why they have this trick. Otherwise, how could they have such good luck?"
Hearing these discussions, the handsome man sneered. "My junior apprentice sister is my clan's Saintess. How could her luck be compared to ants like you?"
The handsome man's words caused many of the Central Domain's martial artists' faces to darken. These people from the Divine Kingdom were always acting high and mighty. It was really annoying.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
These Elders and Sect Masters of large sects might rarely be provoked and looked down upon like this, but Luo Zheng had been encountering such idiots for the past few years. At the beginning, Luo Zheng had been unable to restrain his anger when he had been provoked by Luo Peiran. But after encountering such idiots so many times, Luo Zheng had already become accustomed to such senseless provocations.
These past few years of experience had caused Luo Zheng's personality to mature day by day.
This kind of people would only beg for mercy when their faces were slapped hard. Until that moment, their words would always be sharp and domineering.
Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't have any reaction to the handsome man's words.
The beam of light in the middle began to slowly rotate again.
In addition to Ning Yudie and the Saintess from Divine Country, there were also some people who obtained good rewards. For example, a Void Spirit Sect disciple obtained a golden page. That page might be some kind of special Cultivation Method, or it might be some kind of treasure itself.
However, even more cultivators were punished.
Among them, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and Mysterious Yin Mansion each lost six people in the first round.
Now it seemed that although Luo Zheng was the second warrior to walk out, he had only taken two steps, which made him lagging behind.
Looking at the rotating light beam, Qinglong's voice sounded again, "Luo Zheng, I think I know what it is."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. Why would Immortal Tian Miao design such a gambling game?
"It looks like a game, but strictly speaking, it should be a wheel of fortune," Qinglong said indifferently.
"Wheel of fortune? What does that mean? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Hehe, fortune may seem a bit mysterious in the eyes of you cultivators, but it really does exist," Qinglong said. "The Central Domain usually only looks at two aspects when recruiting cultivators. The first is talent, and the second is perseverance."
Luo Zheng nodded. If a cultivator wanted to grow, talent was indispensable, but perseverance was also important. Otherwise, if a cultivator only had talent but perseverance and only indulged in pleasure, no matter how talented he was, he wouldn't be able to go far on the path of martial arts.
Therefore, when a sect selected a disciple, the first thing they looked at was talent, and the second thing they looked at was perseverance.
Qinglong then said, "Strictly speaking, this isn't wrong. With just these two aspects, a sect will be able to nurture a Divine Reflection or Divine Core disciple. If they're lucky, they might even be able to nurture a Void Tribulation Elder. This method is indeed suitable for the Central Domain, but … in the True Dragon Realm, if we only look at these two aspects, we won't be able to find a true elite."
In the True Dragon Realm, there were trillions of living beings, and it was extremely easy for them to find a disciple with both talent and perseverance. However, nurturing them to the Divine Core realm, Void Tribulation realm, or even the Life and Death realm wasn't their final goal. They wanted to achieve a higher goal.
In order to achieve this goal, they had to look at the third aspect – fortune.
The scene in front of him reminded Qinglong of the True Dragon Clan's Wheel of Fortune. It was similar to this, but the cultivator who entered it wouldn't die, he would just be kicked out by the Wheel of Fortune.
Obviously, Immortal Tian Miao's goal in setting up this Wheel of Fortune was to find someone with great fortune.
The martial artists present weren't weak and their own destinies weren't bad either. For example, Little Jie's destiny was very strong, and the Divine Kingdom's Saintess' destiny was even more heaven-defying. Just by throwing the die once, she was able to advance two or three times in a row!
"Looks like my fortune isn't good enough." Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a smile.
"Wrong, it's the opposite." Qinglong said with a serious expression, "Good fortune isn't the only thing that can be called a smooth journey. Some people are fated to be unfortunate, and they have to go through all kinds of hardships to reach the top of the pyramid. This is also a type of great fortune. Look at yourself, you've just taken two steps forward, this should be a reflection of your past fortune!"
Two steps forward smoothly …
When Luo Zheng was young, his life was indeed smooth sailing. As the young master of the Luo Family, it could be said that he was doted on by everyone. Unfortunately, the good times didn't last long. Before he could explore the wider world, he was reduced to a servant.
"According to your speculation, I've taken two steps now. Won't I have to suffer later?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's very possible." Qinglong speculated. Although Qinglong knew a lot, he came from the True Dragon Clan after all, so he knew a lot about humans. However, this Wheel of Fortune was set up by Immortal Tian Miao, so Qinglong couldn't be sure.
At this time, the light beam pointed at Luo Zheng again …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng punched out. The die rolled once, and a "one" appeared.
He frowned. Only one? It seemed too little. Luo Zheng had only rolled two pips before, and now it was another one. The number of pips he rolled twice was less than the number of pips he rolled once.
"Take your time, don't rush." Ning Yudie, who was standing in front of Luo Zheng, smiled slightly.
Luo Zheng nodded, but when he saw a purple disc forming in front of him, Luo Zheng's expression changed. Was this a punishment or a reward?
Everyone saw that Luo Zheng not only rolled a "one", but this "one" also seemed to contain killing intent. Many people couldn't help but gloat. Luo Zheng's cultivation was the weakest here, so he probably wouldn't be able to withstand any punishment.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Through Qinglong's words, he already understood that this abyss should be a comparison of everyone's luck.
Although Luo Zheng was indeed very miserable when he was in the Luo Family, ever since he came into contact with the mysterious furnace, his luck had changed. His luck was no worse than anyone else's! No matter what was in front of him, he must cross it!
Luo Zheng had just picked up the purple disc when a ball of purple light suddenly surrounded Luo Zheng.
The scenery around him suddenly changed, and he saw purple flames falling from the sky.
At the same time, a faint voice sounded in everyone's ears. "Quenching Star Raging Flames!"
Hearing this voice, Cui Xie raised his eyebrows slightly. He looked coldly at Luo Zheng, and a trace of a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. This kid … after all, he was still unlucky.
Only those who had experienced this punishment would know how difficult it was. In fact, of all the people who had been punished, Cui Xie was the only one who had managed to survive. Besides him, all the other cultivators who had been punished had died.
Cui Xie didn't believe that Luo Zheng could survive.
"I planned to kill you with my own hands, but you dying here and turning into a pile of ashes is the best result for you, right?" Cui Xie said indifferently.