The means of the immortals were far beyond the imagination of the warriors in the Central Domain.
Under all kinds of punishments, the elders in the False Tribulation Realm were like pieces of paper, unable to resist at all!
However, the rewards involved were also inconceivable! Directly bestowing 500 years of lifespan, such a great method, probably only the legendary immortals could do such a thing.
"I've never heard of the Quenching Star Raging Flame. I don't know what kind of flame it is …"
"Anyway, Luo Zheng is going to die. It's a pity. Our Blood Wood Cliff wanted to spend a lot of money to ask him to build a Sect-Protecting Formation!"
"Why is Luo Zheng so unlucky?" Xiao Jie pursed his lips. He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be punished after taking only three steps.
Even Shi Kefan of the World Business Alliance frowned and said, "I've never heard of this boy's strong aura and exuberant luck. Why is his luck so bad here?"
That ancient giant looked at Luo Zheng, who was surrounded by purple light, and smiled faintly. "This boy's luck is really strong. A moment of luck doesn't mean anything. A lifetime of luck is the real great luck."
Shi Kefan didn't speak, but he thought in his heart, "A lifetime? He needs to survive this wave of punishment first. "
Looking at the purple flames in the sky, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. His Spiritual Tool Body hadn't improved for a long time. Although Red Dragon helped him to refine his body, it took the path of refining body. It seemed similar and overlapped, but in fact, they were two completely different paths.
Using various kinds of Strange Flames to refine the body, the most difficult to find were those Strange Flames. Luo Zheng had encountered some Strange Flames before, but they had no effect on him. For example, in the Blue Cloud Sect, when he encountered the flame in Hei Ming's illusory formation, it only activated his body, but his body didn't absorb the flame.
Obviously, it was because some flames were "not good enough" to refine the body.
"These flames should be able to refine the body," Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and thought faintly.
Although the Quenching Star Raging Flames looked as light as a feather and were drifting towards Luo Zheng like a bunch of flowers, Luo Zheng could feel the terrifying power of these flames before they even got close to him!
In the past, Luo Zheng's body would only undergo unique changes after being burned by the Deviant Flame. His body would gradually turn red, and a golden vortex would appear on the surface of his skin.
But this time, even though the Quenching Star Flame was still some distance away from Luo Zheng, the surface of Luo Zheng's skin had already been covered by the golden Sanskrit characters. At the same time, the Sanskrit characters turned into vortexes, bursting out a fierce suction force!
His body was throbbing. He was very eager for the Quenching Star Raging Flame!
"What's going on?"
The powerful suction force even sucked in the flames from afar, leaving not a single one behind!
Luo Zheng sat upright on the ground, allowing the Quenching Star Raging Flame to enter his body. Except for the golden light on the surface of his body, his entire body was red, as if he was a statue made of molten iron.
However, Luo Zheng did not feel much discomfort now. Instead, he felt lazy and very comfortable.
After a while, the Quenching Star Raging Flame finally stopped falling on top of Luo Zheng's head. The luster on his body slowly faded, and then the purple light that wrapped Luo Zheng gradually dissipated …
"Alas, he's probably turned into a pile of ashes."
"It's really tragic to die here. What a pity. The most talented runemaster in the history of the Central Domain died after leaving behind only one work."
"Generally speaking, martial artists with this kind of monstrous talent either have great luck or great misfortune, and are not tolerated by the heavens. I reckon this kid should belong to the latter …"
Ning Yudie looked at the dissipating purple light and clenched her fists tightly. Of course, she had investigated Luo Zheng's past and knew that Luo Zheng's body was very special. When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, his body was comparable to a spiritual weapon. It was invulnerable and could withstand the flames.
However …
The power of those flames could not be compared with the Quenching Star Raging Flame. She was not sure if Luo Zheng could withstand it.
Ning Yudie opened her eyes wide and stared at the purple light. Suddenly, she turned her head and turned her face to the side, blushing.
It turned out that after the purple light dissipated, Luo Zheng was sitting on the round plate naked. His clothes were naturally burned by the Quenching Star Raging Flame.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's naked body was revealed. His body, which had just been tempered, was still exuding a faint afterglow. Looking at such an almost perfect body, everyone was stunned.
"This guy … what the hell did he do?"
"His body is completely fine. Those flames can't hurt Luo Zheng!"
"Well, even if Luo Zheng is a Life and Death Realm expert, he should have been injured while resisting the Quenching Star Raging Flame. At least, he shouldn't be like this. His clothes are burned, but his body is completely fine. Moreover, I feel that the aura coming from Luo Zheng's body has become stronger!"
Except for Ning Yudie, all the warriors were staring at Luo Zheng, including Madam Poisonous Blood and the Saintess from the Divine Nation.
The Saintess of the Divine Nation looked at Luo Zheng not far away, and for the first time, her face showed surprise.
Just as the handsome man had said, in her opinion, everyone here was like an ant. She was very clear that this round of assessment was about luck! But whose luck could be better than hers?
However, although that Divine Reflection kid's luck wasn't good, and he only took three steps after throwing the die twice, why was there something wrong with his strength?
Apart from the Saintess, the handsome man and the other Life and Death Realm experts from the Divine Nation were all stunned.
After entering the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, the Divine Reflection Realm expert's strength should only be at the Xiantian Realm, right? How could he resist the Quenching Star Raging Flame?
Even a Life and Death Realm expert wouldn't be able to resist the Quenching Star Raging Flame easily. Therefore, it was very awkward for Luo Zheng to pass through the punishment of the Quenching Star Raging Flame unscathed.
Although all the warriors from the Central Domain were surprised as well, they weren't as surprised as the warriors from the Divine Nation.
Luo Zheng had already shown his ability to challenge opponents who were one realm higher than him. Therefore, everyone had acknowledged Luo Zheng's monstrous strength, and no longer treated Luo Zheng as an ordinary Divine Reflection Realm warrior.
But, even if Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to a Divine Core warrior, how could he survive the Quenching Star Raging Flame? Even a Void Tribulation Sect Elder couldn't survive it, so how could he?
"I can only say that this young man is always full of surprises." Shi Kefan shook his head and said with a smile.
Cui Xie had a calm look in his eyes. It didn't matter if Luo Zheng was dead or alive, in his eyes, he was already a dead man. No matter what, he had to kill Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng was still sitting on the ground, he threw a glance at his chest. When he did, he was surprised. "Three marks? What's going on? "
Qinglong's indifferent voice sounded out. "This is a blessing in disguise. In other people's eyes, this might be your bad luck, but for you, this is a great fortune! A great fortune isn't a smooth journey, it's when you're faced with adversity, but you're able to turn those adversity into your own opportunity, your own destiny! The Quenching Star Raging Flame is a flame that can be used to refine stars, and it's a great benefit to your body. Too bad … you were so close to breaking through to a Saint Item Body … "
"Three Immortal Marks? I'm now a Upper Grade Immortal Item Body! "Luo Zheng was overjoyed.
Due to the existence of the black fire, it was not difficult for Luo Zheng to get the Heaven Derivation Essence. In the Central Domain, as long as he had True Meta Stones, he could buy as many as he wanted. Therefore, Luo Zheng could light up more dragon scales and borrow more power.
However, due to the limitation of his physical strength, Luo Zheng did not dare to borrow too much power. After refining his body, Luo Zheng's body had mastered the Vital Spirit of the Body-Refining Technique, and his physical strength had greatly increased. However, he only dared to borrow the power of 500 dragon scales!
Just now, he had borrowed the Quenching Star Raging Flame to refine his physical body. He was satisfied as long as it could become a Lower Grade Immortal Item Body. He had not expected the Quenching Star Raging Flame to be so powerful that it could directly turn Luo Zheng's physical body into a Upper Grade Immortal Item Body.
No wonder his physical body was so eager for the Quenching Star Raging Flame. Luo Zheng could not figure it out at that time, but now he naturally understood …
Once he achieved a Upper Grade Immortal Item Body, he would become a Saint Item Body! As his physical strength increased step by step, he could borrow more and more dragon scales.
1,000? 2,000? 5,000?
What would happen if such a terrifying power burst out all of a sudden? Luo Zheng did not know if he could kill Cui Xie. He licked his lips and glanced at Cui Xie, who was not far away.