Cui Xie's face was gloomy, and the killing intent in his heart intensified. Even the Quenching Star Raging Flames couldn't do anything to this kid. Luo Zheng's life was really tough!
If there was a chance in this immortal tomb, Cui Xie wouldn't hesitate to kill this kid. With Cui Xie's meticulous heart, he wouldn't wait for Luo Zheng to become strong before waiting for Luo Zheng to come knocking on his door!
If there wasn't a chance to kill Luo Zheng in the immortal tomb, Cui Xie would have to find a way to break the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array. In short, Luo Zheng's life couldn't be left.
The beam of light continued to spin rapidly. After Luo Zheng, it turned to the short man, who was none other than the Poison King, Wu Zhanhe!
This time, Wu Zhanhe's die gave four points, but the fourth disc was red!
Seeing the red disc, many people secretly heaved a sigh of relief. This Wu Zhanhe had a deep grudge with the martial artists of the Central Domain. If he was left alive, it would be a big disaster. Unfortunately, he was a Life and Death Realm martial artist, and they didn't know if he could withstand the punishment.
When everyone saw the red disc, they all thought that it was Wu Zhanhe's punishment. However, when Wu Zhanhe stepped on the red disc, a voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears, "Free challenge …"
"What? Free challenge? "
"In other words, Wu Zhanhe can challenge whoever he wants?"
"This is troublesome. There were many people in the Central Domain who offended him back then …"
Many martial artists' faces sank. They originally thought that Wu Zhanhe would be punished, but in the end, he obtained the right to challenge freely …
The face of the ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance was still fine. He didn't seem to be afraid of Wu Zhanhe's challenge. As for the three fatties, their faces didn't look any better. If the three of them worked together, they could resist a Life and Death Realm martial artist. However, if they fought individually, they definitely wouldn't be Wu Zhanhe's opponent.
Wu Zhanhe also chuckled and said coldly, "Free challenge. Who do you want to challenge?" His gaze swept past them one by one, passing by Granny Yu, Ning Yudie, and the others. His gaze didn't linger on them for long, though it did linger on Cui Xie's face.
Cui Xie sneered and said, "You dare to challenge me?"
"I will take your life sooner or later, but not now." With that, Wu Zhanhe's gaze swept past the people of Divine Nation and looked at Blood Wood Cliff. Lady Poison Blood's expression changed drastically as if she was facing a great enemy.
Wu Zhanhe sneered, "Madam Poison Blood, what are you afraid of?"
"No, it's nothing …" Madam Poison Blood forced herself to remain calm.
"You are afraid that I will challenge you, right?" Wu Zhanhe continued.
"You're a Life and Death expert, while I'm only a False Tribulation expert. Naturally, I'm unwilling to face you," Madam Poison Blood said softly.
"No, that's not the only thing you're afraid of." Wu Zhanhe said.
Madam Poison Blood suddenly shook her head. "I, I don't understand what you're saying …"
"Back then, several large sects joined forces to hunt me down because of the 'Five Poison Scripture' in my hands. The world of martial artists is originally so cruel, I can understand this, but … whether it's the Void Spirit Sect, the Cloud Hall, or the World Business Alliance, they only targeted me and not my family. I don't know if Madam Poison Blood has heard of the saying, 'Don't implicate family members'? My Wu Family's two thousand people, from the oldest to the youngest, were all killed by your Blood Wood Cliff! "Wu Zhanhe said coldly," It's indeed time to settle this score. "
As soon as Wu Zhanhe's voice fell, Madam Poison Blood's face turned pale!
The crowd of martial artists also sighed.
Luo Zheng also agreed with Wu Zhanhe's words. Don't implicate family members. No matter how great the hatred between martial artists was, it was best not to implicate the other party's family members. Otherwise, it would be a situation where one party would fight to the death.
If it were Luo Zheng in this situation, he would not let it go either.
After Wu Zhanhe chose to challenge Madam Poison Blood, a circular platform appeared in the air above the abyss. Then, both Madam Poison Blood and Wu Zhanhe stepped onto the platform.
Her face, which was usually full of charm, was now as white as a sheet of paper!
"Madam Poison Blood, in the Cloud Dream Swamp, I have been waiting for this day for many years. In fact, we should have settled this long ago." As Wu Zhanhe spoke, colorful vital essence began to circulate from his body. He was known as the Poison King, and even his vital essence was extremely poisonous!
Madam Poison Blood's face suddenly flashed with a hint of ruthlessness. At this moment, she had no choice but to fight to the death with Wu Zhanhe!
"Go to hell! Blood Coagulation Technique! "
Madam Poison Blood actually took the initiative to launch an attack. Clouds of blood mist spread towards Wu Zhanhe like an ocean.
Facing Madam Poison Blood's rolling blood mist, Wu Zhanhe's face revealed a sneer. "Madam Poison Blood, after so many years, your cultivation has risen from the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Unfortunately, your strength has not increased by much!"
With that, Wu Zhanhe stretched out his hand and gently pushed. A five-colored smoke gushed out from his palm. The five-colored smoke was composed of five gorgeous colors and looked extremely beautiful. However, the more beautiful something was, the more poisonous it was!
How could Madam Poison Blood not know? She hurriedly urged the blood mist to roll and block the five-colored smoke.
"Sigh, too weak."
Everyone heard Wu Zhanhe sigh softly. His figure flashed and circled behind Madam Poison Blood. There seemed to be an ordinary leaf in his hand.
The leaf was not green. The entire leaf was transparent and the meridians on it were like the blood vessels of a human body. There was a trace of blood on the edge of the leaf.
There was also a trace of blood on the edge of Madam Poison Blood's neck.
Ning Yudie shook her head faintly. "Madam Poison Blood is dead."
Then, everyone saw Madam Poison Blood cover her neck with her hand. However, just as she covered her neck, large patches of black began to appear on her snow-white skin. Her hot body, which caused many men to have nosebleeds, emitted a bit of white smoke …
"Zi zi zi …"
All the martialists present had experienced endless massacres. However, most of them frowned when they saw Madam Poison Blood's miserable state.
In a short while, Madam Poison Blood's body was completely corroded, leaving only a pile of bones scattered on the ground.
Wu Zhanhe bent over, picked up one of Madam Poison Blood's spatial rings, and stuffed it into his pocket. A faint sneer appeared on his face. Then, he gently leaped back to his position.
In Madame Poison Blood's spatial ring, there was also Blood Wood Cliff's Bloodwood Token, as well as their sect master's token and other inheritances. But now, the numerous Elders of Blood Wood Cliff didn't dare to ask Poison King Wu Zhanhe for it.
With Wu Zhanhe as a precedent, everyone suddenly became vigilant.
Originally, everyone thought that this game to test one's luck was purely based on luck and would not consider others as opponents. Now, it seemed that as long as one stepped on the "Free Challenge", one could find trouble with anyone. Of course, the premise was that one's strength was strong enough.
After Wu Zhanhe, it was Ning Yudie's turn to throw the dice.
"Six points!"
Ning Yudie smiled slightly and took six steps forward. On the sixth disc, a yellow halo flickered.
"Throw again!"
"Six points!"
"Throw again!"
"Six points!"
"Again …"
Seeing this scene, everyone was speechless. They all stared with their eyes wide open, unable to speak!
Ning Yudie's luck was really heaven-defying!
This time, the number of steps Ning Yudie took, including the previous 12 o 'clock, was a total of 60 steps!
Standing on the transparent disc, Ning Yudie was only half a distance away from the center of the abyss. Everyone had just started. Even Luo Zheng was the most sullen. He was only three steps away from the platform.
However, Ning Yudie was already far ahead. Standing alone in the middle of the abyss, she naturally attracted everyone's attention!
"Ning Yudie's luck is really good!"
"Are you kidding? I heard that Ning Yudie was born in an ordinary family and did not have a strong background. With such an identity, she could become one of the strongest women in the Central Domain. Who could match her luck?"
"Oh my god, 60 steps. It seems that the end point of this game should be 100 steps. Ning Yudie will probably pass the assessment after a few more rounds, right?"
In the midst of everyone's discussion, the face of the Saintess from the Divine Kingdom was completely gloomy.
Women were originally more emotional creatures. They liked the feeling of being surrounded by everyone's gaze.
Previously, she was far ahead. She did not expect that there would also be an ant with heaven-defying luck in the Divine Kingdom! She was the Saintess of a large family. How could she be defeated by an ant!
A dangerous glint flashed in her eyes. At this moment, the beam of light turned to her body.
(Thank you for Chen Feng's 5000 reward. I don't have any drafts. If only I had some, ^ _ ^. But it seems that even if I don't have any drafts, tomorrow I should … go all out …)
＝＝＝＝＝