Now, it was the Saintess' turn to throw the die.
The Saintess blinked and the die rolled in the air once more.
"Still six." The Saintess smiled faintly and stepped forward. At the same time, discs appeared in the air one after another. When the sixth disc appeared, it emitted a faint yellow light.
"One more time."
Divine Kingdom's Holy Maiden glanced at Ning Yudie with a faint smile on her face.
Ning Yudie stood on the disc and looked at the Saintess with her clear eyes. She didn't have much of an expression on her face.
Then, the die in the center of the abyss rolled again. This time, the number revealed was "five."
The Saintess' face darkened. Her luck was worse than that woman in the Central Domain?
Transparent discs continued to appear in front of her. The fifth disc emitted a brown light.
She didn't like this color. Moreover, it was very likely that there was a punishment hidden in the disc.
Although the Saintess hesitated, she still stepped on the disc.
"You can release a calamity on another person and reduce their luck for a short period of time." A faint voice sounded in everyone's ears.
"Oh? I can reduce someone's luck? " The Saintess narrowed her eyes. Without any hesitation, her gaze fell on Ning Yudie.
As people from the Divine Kingdom, they also knew that this was a test of luck. In fact, most people now understood that the first person to pass the test would obtain an unimaginably great opportunity!
No matter what Immortal Tian Miao's goal or scheme was, after his clothes were dirty, his hair was withered, his armpits were sweaty, his body was smelly, and he didn't like the Five Decays of Heaven and Man, he had no chance of resurrecting, no matter how powerful his methods were!
This was the law of life! Even if someone was stronger than an Immortal, they couldn't reverse it!
Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who guessed that there was a problem with the immortal tomb. However, after analyzing it, many people still decided to explore the immortal tomb.
As for the Saintess' group, their thoughts were no different from everyone else's. Perhaps … they knew some secrets that others didn't know.
"Then I'll lower her destiny!" The Saintess coldly smiled and pointed at Ning Yudie.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng said angrily, "How dare you!"
The Divine Kingdom Saintess giggled. "Why wouldn't I dare? Do you think you can threaten me? "
"Pipa!"
At this moment, above Ning Yudie, there was a small black cloud floating. Within that small black cloud, there were constantly flashes of black lightning.
However, since it lowered her Luck, it shouldn't cause any harm to Ning Yudie. However, if Ning Yudie rolled the die in the next round, she might encounter trouble!
Ning Yudie pursed her lips helplessly. She looked at Luo Zheng as if asking for help. It was her bad luck to meet the Saintess of the Divine Nation.
"It's okay. Since this immortal set it up like this, he naturally has a way to deal with it," Luo Zheng comforted her.
However, he frowned and turned his head to stare at the Saintess of the Divine Nation. Ning Yudie didn't provoke this Saintess of the Divine Nation. The reason why the Saintess of the Divine Nation released her misfortune on Ning Yudie was that Ning Yudie's progress was too fast. Ning Yudie had surpassed her!
In the first round, she received 500 years of lifespan as a reward. In the second round, she directly advanced to 60 steps. Almost no one present could match this kind of destiny!
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and then asked, "Qinglong, is destiny so easy to be affected?"
"Haha." The Azure Dragon chuckled. "What's destined to happen will happen, and what's not destined to happen should not be forced. If this immortal could change his fate, then he probably would not have encountered the Five Decays of the Celestial Being and would have broken through to a higher realm, right?"
"Then why can it affect Ning Yudie's destiny?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"A person's destiny can't be changed by an immortal. In particular, Ning Yudie's destiny is so strong. How can it be so easy for her to be plagued by misfortune? However, in this Wheel of Destiny, there is a way to make Ning Yudie suffer, "Qinglong suddenly said.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
"In fact, it's very simple. If one's luck can affect the result of one's dice roll, as well as the number of steps one takes to get a bad luck or a reward … then after Ning Yudie is given bad luck, each of her next six steps will be a punishment. In this way, no matter how heaven-defying Ning Yudie's luck is, no matter how many points she rolls, she will still step on the 'punishment' because each step is a punishment!"
Qinglong analyzed calmly and then continued, "In fact, this doesn't affect Ning Yudie's destiny. The immortal doesn't have the means to change other people's destiny. However, he does change the rules of the game to make Ning Yudie look very 'unlucky.' When Ning Yudie's destiny is still strong, she will even find the one with the lowest 'punishment' among the six steps she rolls …"
"Ning Yudie's destiny is so strong?" Luo Zheng was speechless.
"Yes, her destiny is slightly weaker than yours," Qinglong replied.
"Is my destiny very strong?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with depression. If his destiny was really strong, he wouldn't have only taken three steps!
Qinglong smiled but didn't answer Luo Zheng's question.
Luo Zheng was destined to fight for the Great Era. If his destiny wasn't strong, who else would have a strong destiny?
Then, a new round of dice rolling began.
At this time, it was as if the microcosm of outstanding destiny was being played out.
Some people's destiny was strong, but in the end, they took a wrong step and entered a dead end, receiving punishment.
Some people's destiny was bumpy, but after experiencing endless hardships, they finally endured until the clouds dispersed and the mist dispersed, receiving rich rewards.
However, the destiny of the vast majority of people was neither hot nor hot. Their luck was neither good nor bad, and they belonged to the category of mediocre destiny …
As for Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, these two top powerhouses of the Central Region, their luck was sometimes like a rainbow, but sometimes they encountered considerable setbacks. Fortunately, these two people's strength was incomparably powerful, and they were able to withstand wave after wave of setbacks!
After Luo Zheng threw the dice for the third time, he finally got a five, and a brown disc appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Seeing the brown disc, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, and he quickly walked over. Then, a voice sounded in everyone's ears again. "You can release disaster on others once, reducing their destiny for a short time."
"My luck is good," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
At this time, Cui Xie's forehead suddenly wrinkled. Seeing Luo Zheng looking at him, Cui Xie was slightly nervous.
"Your destiny is very tough. Even if I give you bad luck, I think you can still break through," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Cui Xie sneered and said, "It's good that you know."
Luo Zheng's gaze quickly fell on the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom. Seeing Luo Zheng looking at her with ill intentions, her chest heaved up and down. Naturally, she was very nervous. She said in a crisp voice, "If you dare to give me bad luck, I will flatten your Tian Bei Region in the future!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. "If you could flatten the Tian Bei Region, you would have done it long ago. Who are you trying to fool with such a boring threat?"
"Brat, don't put bad luck on my junior sister. I've definitely given you an even greater opportunity. I can even guarantee that the opportunity I gave you is even greater than the one you obtained in this immortal tomb!" The handsome man who was with the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom tempted.
"Is there something wrong with your head, or do you think I'm stupid?" Luo Zheng pointed to his head and said with a smile, "If you were willing to give me such a great opportunity, why are you still here fighting for the opportunity in the immortal tomb?"
The handsome man's face sank. "Friend, don't refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. Do you know who we are?"
The Life and Death experts of the Divine Kingdom also stared at Luo Zheng with cold eyes.
"This is the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom? Then you're not a prince of the Divine Kingdom, are you? Haha, but what does this have to do with me? Bad luck, give her bad luck! "Luo Zheng pointed at the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom!
"Crackle!"
Above the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom, a black cloud appeared. Inside the cloud, black lightning constantly flashed.
This was called giving her a taste of her own medicine. Since the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom dared to give Ning Yudie a calamity, Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't let this woman go!
Looking at the black cloud flashing with black lightning above her head, the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom screamed with a fierce expression, "Five elders! Kill him! "
The five Life and Death experts behind her took out their weapons at the same time. The Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom was no laughing matter.
However, Elder Gong, who was closest to the Holy Maiden, said helplessly, "Holy Maiden, this is an immortal's enchantment. We can't break it. I'm afraid it's unrealistic to kill him now!"
"I don't care!" She was the Holy Maiden of a large clan. When had anyone dared to be disrespectful to her?
She had always been proud of her success. No one had ever seen her lose her footing! Therefore, she couldn't control her emotions.