Killing Luo Zheng wouldn't help, unless they could find a way to get rid of the misfortune.
However, how could he not pay the price for provoking the people of the Divine Nation?
Therefore, in the eyes of the people of the Divine Nation, as long as any of them drew the "free challenge", Luo Zheng would definitely die!
Among this group of Divine Nation people, the weakest were the handsome man and the Saintess. However, both of them were False Tribulation realm martial artists. As for the black-robed men behind them, they were all old monsters in the Life and Death realm!
"Anyway, I want him to die!" the Saintess said coldly.
Luo Zheng pretended not to hear half of their threats. He sat quietly on the round plate, waiting for the light to shine on him again.
The next few times he threw the dice, the results were all terrible.
One of the Void Spirit Seven Sons of the Void Spirit Sect threw out four lightning bolts and stepped on the Heavenly Thunder Killing Formation. The middle stage Void Tribulation Realm expert was struck to death by the bolts of heavenly thunder.
Then, an Elder of the World Business Alliance threw three dice and was also severely punished. Although the Elder survived this round of punishment, he was seriously injured and his Qi was very weak.
Then, it was Granny Yu. She threw the dice for the second time and was also punished. However, with Granny Yu's powerful strength, she finally survived this punishment …
The punishments that appeared one after another made everyone's hearts hang in suspense.
At this moment, the light shone on Ning Yudie again!
Ning Yudie was originally afflicted with misfortune. Although her luck was heaven-defying before, the result this time was probably not optimistic.
After Ning Yudie lightly hit the dice, it rolled out a "three".
Three round plates appeared in front of Ning Yudie. The third round plate seemed to be surrounded by a layer of faint icy mist.
Ning Yudie moved lightly and stepped on the third round plate.
"Extreme Ice Realm."
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng felt relieved. Sure enough, as Qinglong said, no matter how many dice Ning Yudie threw, she would be "punished". In these six steps, there were six different punishments waiting for Ning Yudie. However, Ning Yudie's luck could help her identify the easiest punishment to pass!
Luo Zheng didn't know the difficulty of the Extreme Ice Realm. For other warriors, it was probably a very difficult punishment to pass. However, for Ning Yudie, it wasn't difficult. After all, Ning Yudie was a warrior who specialized in ice cultivation methods.
Ning Yudie's figure was wrapped in layers of dazzling icy light. Then, Luo Zheng heard the sound of ice crystals shattering... After a while, Ning Yudie walked out of the Extreme Ice Realm safely, with a faint smile on her face!
"How do you feel?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"Not bad. In the Extreme Ice Realm, I also comprehended a trace of the third level of the Law of Ice," Ning Yudie said with a faint smile.
"The third level …" Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. Ning Yudie was indeed a super monstrous existence. She had actually comprehended the third level of the Law of Ice.
Seeing Ning Yudie walk out of the Extreme Ice Realm unscathed, a look of disappointment flashed across the face of Divine Kingdom's Holy Maiden. She naturally hoped that Ning Yudie would die in the punishment.
Just as the Saintess was hatefully thinking, the beam of light actually pointed at her again.
"Oh no." The Saintess also knew that she was in trouble.
Her bad luck hadn't been removed. This time, she was afraid that she would also face punishment for throwing the dice. She just didn't know if she had the strength and luck to survive this punishment!
The Saintess hesitated for a long time. When the beam of light began to slowly turn red, she blinked her eyes. With a "peng" sound, the die jumped up. When the die returned to its original position, it gave a "4".
The Saintess' expression darkened.
Martial artists didn't believe in fate, but they believed in luck. In this situation, the Saintess couldn't help but think in an inauspicious direction.
Four discs appeared under the Saintess' feet. The fourth disc flickered with circles of black light.
"Although I don't know what the connection between the color and the punishment is, I'm sure this punishment will be very heavy!"
"This Saintess is really unlucky. After the bad luck is applied, she'll probably die!"
"Although she's only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, she has so many Life and Death Realm experts as guards. She might have a backup plan!"
This group of martial artists from the Divine Kingdom had been very arrogant. Many martial artists from the Central Domain were naturally happy to watch the show. If the Saintess really died here, it would be fun.
The handsome man gritted his teeth and said, "Junior Sister, if you can't hold on, use that protective treasure!"
"I know." The Saintess nodded. Then, she took two steps forward and stepped onto the black disc.
"Dark Desperation!"
A thick black light enveloped the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom!
Hearing this name, everyone's heart skipped a beat.
Even Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe, and other Life and Death Realm experts weren't sure if they could break through this Dark Desperation. The Saintess was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. In addition, her cultivation was suppressed. She was probably dead …
Streaks of black light continued to circle the interior, as if they were constantly attacking the Holy Maiden of the Divine Kingdom.
"That Saintess probably won't be able to hold on for more than three breaths!"
"This black light is somewhat similar to the legendary Death Ray. I wonder if it's the Death Ray!"
"No matter what it is, she definitely won't be able to block it …"
While everyone was discussing, the power of the black light gradually weakened and calmed down …
"Is she dead?" Someone whispered.
At this moment, a white light suddenly burst out from the black light!
Then, everyone heard a bold laughter coming from the black light!
"Haha!"
This laughter wasn't threatening, but the power contained in it couldn't be ignored …
Who on earth had burst out laughing?
Then, countless white lights pierced through the black light enveloping the Saintess. In the blink of an eye, all the black light disappeared, leaving only the Saintess standing on the disc. Above the Saintess, there was a faint figure, but that figure was slowly dissipating …
Everyone finally understood what was going on. The Saintess of the Divine Kingdom couldn't withstand the punishment, so she summoned this figure to help her. However, they didn't know who this figure was, to be able to break the immortal's technique.
"Junior Sister, are you okay?" The handsome man asked with concern.
The Saintess' face was pale, but she nodded. "I'm fine, but I used the inherited protective treasure …"
The handsome man gloomily stared at Luo Zheng, then said, "It's all this kid's fault. I'll make him pay with his blood!"
At this moment, the die showed a "5". The person who threw the die was Yan Yueshan from the World Business Alliance.
The three fatties from the World Business Alliance were quite lucky. Shi Kefan took 30 steps, Yan Yueshan took 33 steps, and Mo Haishan took 29 steps.
Five discs appeared in front of Smoky Yue Mountain, but the fifth disc was white.
"White? What the hell is this? "Yan Yueshan was an impatient person to begin with. Without saying a word, he stepped on it with his fat body.
"You've obtained a chance to dispel the negative effects on anyone."
The eyes of the people in the Cloud Hall and the Saintess lit up the moment they heard this voice!
This damned curse of misfortune could indeed take a person's life! If the so-called "Dark Impasse" came again, the Saintess of the Saintess would definitely die!
Ning Yudie was facing the same situation. She was lucky this time and could successfully pass the Extreme Frost Realm, but what about the next time? What about the time after that?
Both sides urgently needed to dispel the misfortune!
"Fatty, hurry up and dispel the misfortune for my Junior Sister!" The handsome man suddenly shouted at Yan Yueshan. It wasn't clear if his brain was fried or if he was just that stupid.
Then, the group of people in the abyss looked at him as if he was an idiot. Even the five Life and Death Realm elders behind the handsome man looked at him the same way.