If Shi Kefan had heard this, he would probably have quickly considered whether it was necessary to offend this group of people from the God Nation and come up with a tactful solution. After all, strictly speaking, the World Business Alliance was the largest force in the Central Domain. If they offended this group of people from the God Nation, they would probably be in trouble.
If it had been Mo Haishan, he probably would not have said anything, but he certainly would not have helped them dispel the misfortune.
Unfortunately, it was Yan Yueshan, who had the most explosive temper.
From the beginning, Yan Yueshan had disliked this group of people from the four God Nations. However, this group of people had not targeted Yan Yueshan, so no one was willing to provoke this group of strong enemies for no reason.
In the end, that handsome man had come to ask him for a favor and even spoke in an arrogant tone. Fatty? Yan Yueshan's nickname could only be called by his wife. No one else dared to call him that!
"You! I am from the God Nation … "After saying this, the handsome man was about to reveal his identity.
Yan Yueshan said bluntly, "It's useless even if you are the Crown Prince of the God Nation!"
Luo Zheng had just mocked him for being a Crown Prince of the God Nation. Now that Yan Yueshan had risen a level, it was useless even if the Crown Prince of the God Nation came, so he stopped talking.
At this moment, the handsome man was furious. In fact, he really was a prince of the four Divine Kingdoms!
At this moment, the "Elder Gong" in the divine kingdom suddenly said, "Friend, can you expel the misfortune of our saintess? The God Nation will definitely thank you heavily … "
Yan Yueshan had a short temper, but he was not stupid. Since he had obtained a chance to dispel the misfortune and there were two people in front of him who happened to be possessed by misfortune, he had to compare them first.
"Oh? How will the God Nation thank us? "Yan Yueshan asked.
Elder Gong was busy making a promise, so how could he think clearly in such a short period of time? Before he could speak, a faint voice floated out from the other side. "When I have time, I will help you set up a Great Sect Protection Array!"
That voice belonged to Luo Zheng.
Upon hearing this, Yan Yueshan's eyes lit up. Cloud Hall's sect-protecting array was really powerful. It was said that it had almost trapped Cui Xie inside. The World Business Alliance's lack of interest was definitely fake.
If not for the trip to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, most sects would have been prepared to pay a visit to Cloud Hall. No matter the price, they would have asked Luo Zheng to set up a sect-protecting array for them!
Not only these fourth-grade sects, even with some third-grade sects of the God Nation, Luo Zheng.
Although the strength of these Third Grade Sects was far inferior to the Fourth Grade Sects, some of the Third Grade Sects would always have some secret treasures that no one knew about. There was always a chance that Luo Zheng and Yun Dian would be tempted! As long as the price was high enough, Luo Zheng would definitely be tempted.
"Alright, deal." Yan Yueshan laughed heartily. Shi Kefan and Mo Haishan both smiled. They believed in Luo Zheng's character. As long as he agreed, even if Luo Zheng said "when he has the time," they didn't know when that time would come, they believed that Luo Zheng would definitely do it.
"Wait!" Elder Gong said with a gloomy face. "The God Nation can also provide you with a sect-protecting array!"
"Oh?" Yan Yueshan smiled faintly and suddenly said, "I have heard of your God Nation's rune arts, but compared to Luo Zheng, they are still far inferior. Therefore, I refuse!" As soon as he finished speaking, Yan Yueshan pointed at Ning Yudie.
A white light instantly rushed toward Ning Yudie. Under the constant scouring of the light, the black clouds above Ning Yudie's head finally dissipated. Her bad luck was dispelled.
"Thank you, Alliance Leader Yan." Ning Yudie smiled mischievously.
"Just thank your kid!" Yan Yueshan chuckled at Ning Yudie.
The group of people from the God Nation finally had ugly looks on their faces.
The most important person in their group was the Holy Lady of the God Nation. However, Luo Zheng had cast bad luck on her. If they were unlucky again and the Holy Lady of the God Nation died, it would be difficult for them to explain themselves. Even the Prince of the God Nation would not be able to withstand the wrath of the higher-ups!
However, these people from the Central Domain clearly did not care about the God Nation …
"If you want to blame someone, blame these two for being too young." Elder Gong sighed. The Prince and the Holy Lady had grown up in the God Nation. How could they tolerate people from a small place like the Tianbei Region?
However, now that they had provoked them, they did not have the slightest scruple or mercy. The Holy Lady had just released bad luck and was immediately counterattacked. What was worse was that they had more people! Other than the people from the God Nation, the others were all from the Central Domain. Although the Central Domain had deep conflicts with each other, there was a good saying: behind closed doors, they were all family.
Therefore, the situation was actually very unfavorable for the people from the God Nation. However, this Prince was sometimes a little crazy. Elder Gong thought bitterly. Of course, he did not dare to say this out loud.
Following that, the beam of light continued to rotate. Although the beam of light shone on the group of people from the Divine Nation several times, their luck was pretty good. Except for one punishment, the other few times were rewards. Moreover, those punishments did not cause the warriors to die.
However, in the end, no one received the "dispelling" skill. If it was not dispelled, as long as it turned to the Holy Lady of the God Nation again, she would probably die! Therefore, every time the light beam swept past her, it made people tremble in fear.
Not long later, the light beam pointed to Poison King Wu Zhanhe. Following that, three discs appeared in front of Wu Zhanhe. The third disc was white!
"Dispel?" The God Nation Prince's face flashed with a glimmer of hope.
Elder Gong and the other Life and Death Realm Elders also stared at Wu Zhanhe.
Wu Zhanhe chuckled and stepped on the third disc. Instantly, a voice rang out in everyone's ears, "You have received a chance to dispel …"
The God Nation Prince was about to speak when Elder Gong cursed in his heart. He directly used an even louder voice to drown out the God Nation Prince's words. If this God Nation Prince spoke, it would probably spoil things again. "This friend, right now, no one has any negative effects on them. Only our Holy Lady is plagued by bad luck. May I ask if you can help dispel the bad luck on her?"
Wu Zhanhe chuckled again, "Sure, but what are the benefits?"
"To the best of our God Nation's ability, this friend can ask for it yourself. We will try our best to satisfy your request!" Elder Gong cupped his hands and said.
"Alright! Why don't you send your men here and wipe out all these sects, then help me build a Divine Kingdom? "Wu Zhanhe clapped his hands and said with a smile.
Hearing this, Elder Gong's eyes twitched. Although he was prepared for this Poison King to ask for an exorbitant price, he never expected this' Poison King 'to be so greedy. Build a Divine Kingdom? Did this guy think building a Divine Kingdom was as easy as building a kingdom for ordinary mortals?
All the Sect Chiefs from the Central Domain stared at Wu Zhanhe coldly. It seemed like this guy's thoughts were even bigger than Cui Xie's! But, wiping out all the sects in the Central Domain and building a Divine Kingdom? How could it be so simple?
It wasn't difficult for a warrior to build a kingdom. Just like Shi Jingtian from the Blue Cloud Sect, he was a Late Divine Core warrior. If he wanted to overthrow the Burning Heavens Empire, it wouldn't be difficult for him. However, Shi Jingtian belonged to the Cloud Hall, so he wouldn't do such a thing.
But, building a Divine Kingdom … wasn't an easy task.
First of all, a Divine Kingdom would need to have a powerful overall strength. Only by having a powerful overall strength would one be able to control all the warriors under the heavens and make them submit to one's rule!
Even the four Divine Kingdoms were built bit by bit over several tens of thousands of years!
"Friend, building a Divine Kingdom isn't something that can be done in a short period of time. Therefore, your request is a bit too much …"
But, before Elder Gong could finish his words, Wu Zhanhe sneered and said, "If that's the case, I'll just use this' Dispel 'on anyone!" After saying that, Wu Zhanhe stretched his hand out.
"Hold on!" Elder Gong furrowed his brows and said, "Friend, I'm just telling the truth, I don't want to lie to you. I can't help you build a Divine Kingdom, but I can give you the inner book of the cultivation skill you're cultivating!"
"What? Inner book? "Wu Zhanhe was shocked.
Old Gong faintly smiled and said, "The 'Five Poison Scripture' is admittedly a very precious cultivation method, but our Divine Kingdom not only has the external version that you have practiced, but also an internal version. This internal version is far more exquisite than the external version. Moreover, there are many cultivation records in the external version that are not reasonable, but you can find the answers in the internal version!"
Wu Zhanhe stared at Elder Gong for some time, then he said, "If you swear with your heart of martial dao, I'll immediately dispel the bad luck on your Divine Kingdom's Holy Maiden!"
＝＝＝＝＝