In the past, Wu Zhanhe had been chased by many martial artists. As he fled, he hid in the Dreamy Cloud Swamp to cultivate. He had obtained many great opportunities in the Dreamy Cloud Swamp and even had two vicious beasts comparable to False Tribulation Realm following him. Wu Zhanhe had no trust in other martial artists. In comparison, he even felt that beasts were more trustworthy than humans.
Old Gong hesitated for a moment. In fact, as a Divine Kingdom martial artist, Old Gong was no different from the Saintess and the Prince. With their vision, they definitely didn't think much of the martial artists in the Central Domain. However, Old Gong wasn't as stupid as the Divine Kingdom Prince. If he didn't compromise in this situation, he would clearly suffer a loss.
"Fine, I swear on my martial heart!" Old Gong clenched his teeth and said.
After this deal was made, Wu Zhanhe chuckled and pointed his finger at the Saintess. A white light shot towards the Saintess.
That light followed the Saintess' clothes and climbed up until it finally reached the top of her head. The dark clouds flashing with black lightning were instantly purified.
Only then did the Saintess let out a sigh of relief. At the same time, her gaze was still like a leopard's as she stared at Luo Zheng.
Facing the Saintess' gaze, Luo Zheng pretended not to see it. He sat on the round plate and continued to watch the next person throw the die.
At this time, a white-haired Elder from the Mysterious Yin Mansion threw out a three. When the black round plate appeared, everyone felt a moment of silence in their hearts. Although the white-haired Elder was a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he couldn't bear this punishment …
The white-haired Elder also had a hesitant expression. But in the end, he clenched his teeth and stepped on the black round plate. However, this black round plate seemed a little different. There was a thin white line on it.
Just as the white-haired Elder stepped on it, a voice rang in everyone's ears. "You can kill anyone here."
Hearing this, everyone's expression changed!
Everyone had already experienced the strength of an Immortal's methods. If they killed someone according to the rules, no one would be able to resist the Immortal's methods!
The white-haired Elder let out a long sigh and revealed an excited expression. "Hahaha, I didn't expect that I would have to kill someone! Who should I kill? "
Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe, and the other Life and Death experts were the most nervous.
Breaking through the Life and Death realm meant that one's life and death was under one's control to a certain extent. Now that one of them had his life and death in the hands of the white-haired elder, one could imagine how nervous they were.
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie weren't that nervous. They didn't have any enmity with the white-haired Elder, so he shouldn't be looking for them for no reason.
However, what Luo Zheng was curious about was why the Mysterious Yin Old Man's face was also deathly pale. Why would the Old Man of Xuan Yin be afraid when his own sect's elder drew the "Obliteration"?
Could it be …
While Luo Zheng was guessing, the white-haired Elder suddenly turned around and sneered, "I want to kill the Old Man Xuan Yin!"
"Zheng Qing, you!" The Xuan Yin Old Man's expression suddenly changed, and a blue protective layer of Zhen Yuan suddenly revolved around his body, tightly protecting him within.
But at that moment, a gray beam of light shot out from the die and instantly entered Old Man Xuan Yin's body. The gray beam of light seemed to be irresistible. Following that, everyone saw Old Man Xuan Yin's eyes widen. His originally skinny body turned round and his belly bulged …
Then, an even more frightening scene appeared. The Old Man Xuan Yin's head disappeared, followed by his torso and limbs. It was as if an invisible hand was slowly erasing the Old Man Xuan Yin's body!
In a short while, this 900-year-old old man, who was only a few decades away from becoming an eternal giant, was erased bit by bit.
Seeing this scene, Zheng Qing burst into tears. "I finally killed this old monster, hahaha!"
"Elder Zheng, I didn't expect you to really do it!" The other Elders of the Mysterious Yin Mansion were also happy and congratulated Zheng Qing.
The people of the other Sects could only shake their heads. What kind of evil deeds had the Old Man Xuan Yin done in the Mysterious Yin Mansion to make the Elders hate him so much?
The Mysterious Yin Mansion was the most mysterious Sect among the fourth grade Sects. As for why the Elders hated the Old Man Xuan Yin so much, it was unknown. The hatred within the Sect naturally had nothing to do with outsiders.
However, facing the possibility of being "killed", all the Life and Death Realm experts felt a sense of crisis. That "killing" was not something they could resist.
After a while, the light turned and pointed at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and casually waved his hand. A fist shadow hit the die. The die rolled twice and became a "six".
"Seems like my luck is good," Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
After the six discs appeared, the last one flickered with a yellow light!
"One more time!"
"Six!"
"One more time!"
"Six!"
…
Seeing Luo Zheng continue to advance, everyone was speechless. Cui Xie's face turned gloomy. How could this kid's luck be so strong?
Just like what Qinglong said, this luck seemed to indicate the path Luo Zheng had walked in his life.
Back then, he was imprisoned in front of the Luo Clan. But once he left the Luo Clan, he soared to the sky. From a small outer disciple, he quickly rose to the top of the Xiao Yufeng Sect and the Blue Cloud Sect. Now, among the disciples of the Cloud Hall, it was even harder for them to catch up to Luo Zheng!
This was an imposing momentum, this was the fate of the Battle of the Great Era!
As Luo Zheng threw the die several times, he caught up with Ning Yudie. Moreover, he was several steps ahead of Ning Yudie. At this moment, Luo Zheng's last disc flickered with a green light. Inside the green light, there were two eye shapes.
The green color shouldn't be a punishment. Previously, Ning Yudie guessed the green color correctly and received a grand prize of 500 years of lifespan …
Luo Zheng smiled and stepped on the green disc.
"Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes …"
After the voice sounded, the shadow of a big tree suddenly appeared above Luo Zheng!
Above the big tree, there were drops of emerald green sap constantly dripping down. After the sap rolled down, it unexpectedly swept towards Luo Zheng's eyes.
The warriors of the Central Domain were confused.
"That sap is used to wash his eyes? What is that? "
"Who knows. Could it be that his eyes are damaged?"
"It's probably not as good as the 500 years of lifespan that Ning Yudie received …"
The warriors of the Central Domain were confused, but that didn't mean that the people of the Divine Nation couldn't understand.
When Elder Gong saw the shadow of the tree, he said with a face full of shock, "This is the legendary Divine Tree of the Divine Wood Divine Nation! Oh my god! How can you use the sap of this Divine Tree to wash your eyes! Too wasteful, too wasteful! "
The Divine Nation Saintess and the Divine Nation Prince also looked at this scene in a daze. The Divine Nation Prince turned his head and asked, "Elder Gong, are you sure this is the Divine Tree?"
Elder Gong nodded and said, "Yes! This Divine Tree appears once every 500 years. Every time it appears, it only drips a drop of sap from its branches. The Divine Wood Divine Nation has been accumulating it for tens of thousands of years. In the past ten thousand years, it has been constantly consumed. The entire Divine Nation only has a dozen drops! "
Hearing Elder Gong's words, the warriors of the Central Domain were speechless.
That Divine Wood Divine Nation only had a dozen drops of sap from this Divine Tree? But Luo Zheng had just washed his eyes and used a dozen drops of sap from the Divine Tree, right?
The emerald green sap kept flowing in Luo Zheng's eyes, making Luo Zheng's eyes feel cold and comfortable.
Luo Zheng could feel some special energy seeping into his eyes as the sap rotated bit by bit. The rest of the sap drilled out of his eyes and dripped into the abyss.
Seeing this scene, the corners of Elder Gong's mouth twitched. This kid was really wasteful …
The Divine Wood Divine Nation collected the sap and used it to make pills or directly swallow it. How could they be willing to waste even a little bit? But after he washed his eyes, he actually let the sap flow and drip …
If it weren't for the fact that he and Luo Zheng were enemies, he really wanted to shout at Luo Zheng for wasting God's gift recklessly.
After all the sap flowed out, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes. At this moment, there was a faint green light in his eyes.