Luo Zheng didn't know what use this Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes had, but from beginning to end, his eyes were very comfortable.
When he opened his eyes, he didn't find anything strange.
"This reward is used to wash my eyes?" Luo Zheng revealed a strange expression.
"Hehe, this reward is not bad. It can let you see through most illusions and make your eyes light up. It's very useful! At least, it's much better than the 500 years of lifespan reward, "Qinglong said lightly.
Better than 500 years of lifespan? Luo Zheng was stunned.
500 years of lifespan was indeed a good reward for False Tribulation Realm and Life and Death Realm martial artists.
However, in the eyes of more powerful martial artists and Qinglong, 500 years was too short. It was almost like a snap of a finger. Naturally, it wasn't as useful as the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. The green in his pupils gradually disappeared and hid in the depths of his pupils.
Through Luo Zheng's dice roll just now, he was already ahead of everyone present and was temporarily in first place, 66 moves.
Ning Yudie, on the other hand, was currently ranked second with 63 steps because of the misfortune that had been released once.
As for the third place, it was the Saintess. Her misfortune had also been dispelled by Wu Zhanhe. She should be able to move forward a lot in the next round.
When the Divine Kingdom Prince saw Luo Zheng in the lead, the killing intent on his face became more and more intense. The pair of eyes on his handsome face were like an eagle's, staring straight at Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the yellow light beam shone on him again.
The Divine Kingdom Prince snorted and also punched the die, causing it to flip and roll out a "1".
Seeing that the die only showed a "1", the Divine Kingdom Prince became even angrier. However, when the disc appeared, the Divine Kingdom Prince's eyebrows suddenly throbbed violently!
"Red!"
The Divine Kingdom Prince hurriedly stepped on the disc.
Wu Zhanhe had previously stood on the red disc to obtain the free challenge. This was what the Divine Kingdom Prince was waiting for. He didn't expect it to really appear!
"Free challenge …"
"Hahahaha!" The Divine Prince stared at Luo Zheng and laughed wildly. He was very proud of himself.
The Saintess said indifferently, "Alright, don't laugh. Just kill him."
"Yes, my Junior Sister," the Divine Kingdom Prince sneered and pointed at Luo Zheng, "I want to challenge this … ant."
Seeing this scene, Lil 'Jie pouted again. In fact, Lil' Jie also wanted the opportunity to challenge freely. During the Martial Arts Conference, Lil 'Jie lost the opportunity to challenge Luo Zheng. In the end, Lil' Jie won the final battle and obtained the Rising Dragon Platform. However, Lil 'Jie felt that it wasn't much of a reward …
What was the use of the Rising Dragon Platform if one could not ascend to the Upper Realm? He might as well exchange the Rising Dragon Arena for a chance to challenge Luo Zheng.
In the Wheel of Destiny, Little Jie's luck was pretty good. He had a smooth journey and didn't encounter any rewards or punishments. Furthermore, he had thrown six points every time. He had already taken almost thirty steps.
"I also want to challenge freely …" Lil 'Jie said gloomily.
However, what Lil 'Jie didn't know was that even though he had a special physique and a Divine rank talent, he was still no match for Luo Zheng in this immortal tomb.
When Lil 'Jie participated in the Martial Arts Conference, he was only at the Extreme Divine Reflection realm. But, in just a few months, Lil' Jie had become an Early Divine Core warrior. However, in the Skymist Immortal Tomb, Lil 'Jie's cultivation had been suppressed by an entire realm.
But Luo Zheng was different. Because of the immortal mansion medallion he had, his cultivation wasn't suppressed at all. Furthermore, with Luo Zheng's Seventh Divine Reflection realm cultivation base, he could challenge any Late Divine Core warrior. With his cultivation base being suppressed, Lil 'Jie would be considered strong if he could withstand a single attack from Luo Zheng in the Skymist Immortal Tomb.
When he heard the Divine Kingdom Prince's challenge, a green light flickered in Luo Zheng's eyes. Aside from a confident look, he didn't show any other expression.
As for the other warriors, they weren't as optimistic about Luo Zheng.
"A Void Tribulation warrior wants to kill a Divine Reflection realm warrior? It's as easy as killing an ant."
"Not necessarily, Luo Zheng was able to fight a Divine Core warrior when he was just at the Fourth Divine Reflection realm, but he is now at the Seventh Divine Reflection realm …"
"So what? Even if he is a monster, and he can defeat a Late Divine Core warrior, do you think he is a match for a Void Tribulation warrior? "
"So what if he dies? Let's just watch a good show …"
A huge round platform appeared in midair above the abyss. Luo Zheng and the Divine Kingdom Prince both appeared on the round platform.
"I've been annoyed by you for a long time, but you're pretty lucky, you're actually in first place." The Divine Kingdom Prince sneered, "But, this is the end, you're going to die here."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked with a puzzled expression.
"Because I'm going to kill you, haha!" After saying that, the violent expression on the Divine Kingdom Prince's face became even stronger. As a Void Tribulation warrior, how could he possibly take a Divine Reflection realm warrior like Luo Zheng seriously?
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Sometimes, it was fun to tease an idiot like this. After that, Luo Zheng lightly tapped on his spatial ring and pulled out a Low Saint rank longsword.
"Saint rank weapon? Haha, interesting! I never thought a Saint rank sword would be so cheap in the Central Domain, even a Divine Reflection realm brat is able to own one! " After that, the Divine Kingdom Prince pulled out a snake-shaped sword as well. The snake-shaped sword was curved, and there was a golden pattern in the middle. It was also a Low Saint rank sword.
In truth, the Divine Nation Prince had wanted to broaden the horizons of these bumpkins in the central region and show them what a sacred weapon was.
However, a Divine Reflection realm brat had pulled out a Saint rank weapon right in front of him. The Divine Kingdom Prince was extremely shocked!
Those from the Central Domain didn't agree with the Divine Kingdom Prince's words. Saint rank weapons weren't cabbages! In the entire Central Domain, there weren't many people that possessed one. It was just that this brat was a bit special …
"But so what if you have a Saint rank weapon? Giving it to someone with your strength is simply a waste of heaven's gifts! Die for me! "The Divine Kingdom Prince's figure suddenly flashed. The snake-shaped sword twisted towards Luo Zheng.
"Spirit Snake Paradise!"
The Divine Kingdom Prince thrust out his sword. It was like a poisonous snake, hissing as it rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Xiu!
Just as Luo Zheng used the Hanging Sword to defend, the Divine Kingdom Prince's sword suddenly changed directions like a small snake. It dodged Luo Zheng's iron sword and struck Luo Zheng's chest!
"What a flexible sword technique! What a strong sword intent! "
Luo Zheng sighed as he rapidly retreated. He couldn't block this sword technique!
Fortunately, he had just been stabbed in the chest by the Divine Kingdom Prince, so the wound wasn't deep …
The Divine Kingdom Prince's sword had succeeded. Naturally, he wouldn't let Luo Zheng go. The long sword in his hand danced like a snake, pouncing towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that the snake shadows in the sky were actually sword shadows. Moreover, this sword technique was constantly changing directions. He definitely couldn't use his sword to defend himself!
"This platform isn't big. Let's see where you can escape to." The Divine Kingdom Prince sneered.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng took a step forward. He passed through space and circled to the other side of the platform. With a faint smile on his face, he said, "Are you sure I can't escape?"
"Space law?" The Divine Kingdom Prince was stunned. His face revealed a look of astonishment.
No wonder this kid was so arrogant. He had comprehended the Space Law at the Divine Realm. If he wanted to travel through space, he had to completely comprehend the first level of the Space Law. This … There were people in the four Divine Kingdoms who had comprehended the first level of the Space Law, but those people were old monsters who had lived for thousands of years. Some were even ancient giants who had lived for tens of thousands of years!
How old was this kid in front of him? A teenager? Where did he get such an opportunity? Wasn't the North Heaven Region a desolate place? How could he have such a great opportunity?
The Divine Kingdom Prince's face was full of disbelief. However, his obsession to kill Luo Zheng had been deeply rooted. Besides, so what if Luo Zheng had comprehended the Space Law? The difference in strength between him and Luo Zheng was too great. Comprehending any law was useless!