The four Divine Kingdoms were the true main continents of the Great Thousand World.
In the beginning, the seven Divine Kingdoms coexisted with the humans of the Dragon Bloodline. Now, the humans of the Dragon Bloodline had perished, and three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed, leaving only four Divine Kingdoms. The heritage and resources of the four Divine Kingdoms were not something the Central Domain could compare with.
In other words, the heritage of the four Divine Kingdoms was as long as the Great Thousand World!
When the Divine Kingdom Prince waved the snake-shaped sword in his hand, a turbulent Zhen Yuan began to dissipate. It turned into a huge snake behind the Divine Kingdom Prince.
The serpent looked very strange. It had the head of a huge dragon, but the body of a snake was slim. Its eyes were red, and the frightening aura it emitted was shocking!
"Demon Dragon …" When Granny Yu saw the image of a dragon and snake behind the Prince, her eyes flickered with a frightened expression.
"Luo Zheng …" Ning Yudie bit her lips. She was worried once again.
All the Life and Death warriors from the Central Domain, including Cui Xie and the ancient tycoon, had solemn expressions on their faces.
"The martial inheritance of the Divine Kingdoms is indeed powerful. Although this Prince is only an Early Void Tribulation warrior, and his cultivation is suppressed, he can still unleash such a powerful strength. We can't underestimate him!"
"The key is Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng is just a Divine Reflection warrior, and with his cultivation suppressed, he still needs the Prince to make such a big fuss. Isn't this like killing a chicken with a butcher's knife? "
"No matter what, Luo Zheng is dead for sure. We shouldn't have offended these men from the Divine Kingdoms, their resources are much stronger than ours!"
Luo Zheng became extremely vigilant at this moment.
If the Prince was just an ordinary Void Tribulation warrior, Luo Zheng wouldn't be afraid of him at all! After their cultivation levels were suppressed, everyone's cultivation would be reduced by a whole realm. Theoretically, this Prince should be equivalent to an Early Divine Core warrior!
If Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't suppressed, he could easily kill an opponent like this.
However, this Divine Kingdom Prince seemed to be very unusual. His cultivation method had a unique aura. Moreover, Luo Zheng vaguely felt a trace of familiarity from the body of the demon dragon! It was actually a bloodline connection!
While Luo Zheng was concentrating, he was also thinking about why his bloodline was related to this demonic dragon.
"Because the Divine Kingdom Prince's cultivation method was passed down by the Dragon Bloodline Clan …" Qinglong suddenly said faintly.
"A cultivation method left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan?" Luo Zheng was secretly surprised.
"Yes, the Dragon Bloodline Clan has been completely wiped out in this Greater Thousand World, and the Rising Dragon Platform has been lost for so many years. Naturally, many of the remaining inheritances of the Dragon Bloodline Clan have been taken away by the four Divine Kingdoms! The cultivation method this Prince is cultivating is called the Dragon Snake Saint Physique, and it is a top tier cultivation method even amongst the Dragon Bloodline Clan. However … in order to cultivate the Dragon Snake Saint Physique, one needs to absorb the bloodline of a True Dragon. But, he couldn't find any True Dragon's blood, so I think he found a demon dragon with the bloodline of a True Dragon to replace it. "Qinglong explained.
"I see." Qinglong's explanation had solved the mystery in Luo Zheng's mind. However, he didn't mention the danger Luo Zheng was facing.
Although his cultivation was suppressed by a False Tribulation warrior, Luo Zheng still had a hard time dealing with him …
Facing the demon dragon behind the Divine Kingdom Prince, Luo Zheng's iron sword suddenly started swinging.
One circle …
Two circles …
Three circles …
Four circles …
After a period of secluded cultivation, Luo Zheng had mastered the Myriad Fiend Karmic Wheel to an extremely proficient level.
However, he had never used it in front of anyone.
Luo Zheng wasn't a bloodthirsty person, so it wasn't easy for him to accumulate killing intent. Therefore, he had always kept the Myriad Fiend Karmic Wheel as his trump card!
At this moment, facing the Divine Kingdom Prince, who was in the False Tribulation Realm, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate in the slightest. He set up the four Myriad Fiend Karmic Wheels, and they quietly floated around him.
The Divine Kingdom Prince didn't say anything else. He only glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. A trace of danger appeared on his handsome face as he lightly waved the snake-shaped sword in his hand.
The demon dragon with the head of a dragon and the body of a snake coiled around the Divine Kingdom Prince. Then, its huge head moved towards Luo Zheng to devour him!
"Dragon Snake Devour!"
"Roar!"
Seeing the demon dragon pouncing towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his sword vertically. With a thought, he established a connection with the distant Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Release killing intent!
Such a violent killing intent instantly erupted, causing the expressions of all the experts in the abyss to change.
When people killed creatures, they would be cursed and infected with killing intent.
However, as long as the killing intent wasn't accumulated enough, it would slowly dissipate, although this process would take a long time.
However, Luo Zheng's killing intent wouldn't dissipate. He should have stored it all in the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
At this moment, Luo Zheng gave everyone a very strange feeling.
A moment ago, they couldn't feel the slightest bit of killing intent from Luo Zheng's body. But in the next moment, Luo Zheng was like a demonic god who had slaughtered millions of creatures. The killing intent that erupted from his body gave many Life and Death experts a fright!
"This brat! He has so much killing intent on his body. Isn't he afraid of the backlash? "
"What a terrifying killing intent! How did he do it? Since he has so much killing intent, he shouldn't be able to hide it. Why couldn't I feel it before? Why is it erupting now? "
"Luo Zheng has too many secrets. I really can't understand …"
All cultivation methods that used killing intent were extremely tyrannical and fierce!
When Luo Zheng's killing intent was extracted from the Slaughter Sword Mountain, it was instantly thrown into the four killing wheels. Then, Luo Zheng's sword image gently fluttered.
At this moment, the demonic dragon had already rushed in front of Luo Zheng. But before it could launch an attack, it was pierced through by the surging killing intent!
"Puff!"
The four killing intents directly pierced through the demonic dragon's head, shuttled through its long and narrow snake body, and broke out of its shell from its tail. Then, they shot towards the Divine Kingdom Prince.
At this moment, the Divine Kingdom Prince was completely dumbfounded.
Just as the four baleful auras rushed towards the Divine Kingdom Prince, a light curtain suddenly appeared around the Divine Kingdom Prince's body, wrapping him up.
"Pa Pa Pa Pa!"
The moment the four killing intents collided with the light curtain, they were actually bounced back. Then, the jade hanging on the Divine Kingdom Prince's chest shattered.
"A very good protective amulet. It saved you once, but it won't save you a second time!" Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flew up. After undergoing Body Tempering, coupled with his understanding of the Law of Space, even if Luo Zheng didn't cultivate any movement skills, he was already extremely strange.
The Divine Kingdom Prince suddenly reacted. His face revealed a look of fear, and he quickly retreated. "Don't kill me! Otherwise, you will pay the price! "
"What price? Won't you just kill me at most? "Luo Zheng coldly snorted and continued to approach.
"Clang!"
The two weapons clashed. Luo Zheng's sword, which contained the power of 500 dragon scales, directly shook the Divine Kingdom Prince's snake-shaped sword to the ground. At the same time, the Divine Kingdom Prince's hand burst out with blood. Luo Zheng's mountain-like strength was not something he could resist.
Looking at the Divine Kingdom Prince's fleeing figure, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of disdain.
This kind of person was born noble and had great talent. Since childhood, they had always used their huge advantages to crush others. In this process, they had already forgotten to think. They just blindly crushed and crushed! In fact, they weren't stupid. Unfortunately, every time they encountered someone they couldn't crush, they would start acting stupid again and again!
Luo Zheng suddenly crossed space and circled behind the Divine Kingdom Prince. "You're just a Void Tribulation Realm martial artist, but your strength is too weak …"
After saying this, Luo Zheng chopped down with his sword!
"Don't!" The martial artist surnamed Gong from the Divine Kingdom Prince tried to stop him.
"If you kill him, I will kill you." The Divine Kingdom Saintess coldly stared at Luo Zheng, her beautiful eyes full of hatred.
In this moment of crisis, the Divine Kingdom Prince's body twisted like a snake, barely avoiding Luo Zheng's sword. But just as he dodged, he felt an intense pain in his mind, as if his soul was being torn apart.
The Divine Kingdom Prince rolled his eyes to resist this intense pain. A silver light flashed and pierced through the Divine Kingdom Prince's head. Luo Zheng had used a broken throwing knife to end this challenge …
In fact, even if the Divine Kingdom Prince's strength was suppressed by a realm, he wasn't much weaker than Luo Zheng. It was just that he had always been conceited and didn't expect to be suppressed by Luo Zheng, resulting in his miserable defeat.
However, even if the Divine Kingdom Prince went all out, he might not be able to defeat Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't suppressed, but the Divine Kingdom Prince's cultivation was suppressed by a large realm!
In the abyss, there was silence.
Everyone stared at Luo Zheng in disbelief. They stared at this Luo Zheng who was only a Divine Realm martial artist but was able to kill a Void Tribulation Realm powerhouse!
＝＝＝＝＝