If they were outside of the immortal tomb, Luo Zheng might not be able to defeat the prince.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he unleashed all of his strength, he still wouldn't be a match for a Void Tribulation warrior.
But, in the immortal tomb, the prince's cultivation was only equivalent to an Early Divine Core warrior, and Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't suppressed at all. Because of this, the difference in overall strength between both parties had been pulled closer.
Because of this, Luo Zheng had the possibility of defeating the prince.
Luo Zheng knew the reason behind this, but the others didn't.
"This guy, did he really do it?"
"A Divine Reflection warrior defeated a Void Tribulation warrior, and he's from the Divine Kingdom!"
"This can only be described as unbelievable, this, this …"
Because they couldn't believe it, everyone had puzzled expressions on their faces. Some warriors were even tongue-tied, they couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng did it.
The Holy Maiden let out a heart-wrenching roar, "In the future, I'll bring my men and raze the entire Tian Bei Region to the ground! I'll step on your family, and I'll slaughter all your sects!"
Luo Zheng gazed at the Holy Maiden, and when he met her vicious gaze, he said with an indifferent tone, "Let's talk about it after you've done it!"
The Divine Nation's Life and Death Realm guards also showed a helpless expression. This trip to the immortal tomb, accompanied by five Life and Death Realm martial artists, was foolproof. They didn't expect that the prince they were protecting didn't die at the hands of the immortal tomb, but at the hands of a Radiant Spirit Realm kid from the North Heaven Region!
What was even more unacceptable was that both men were fighting in a fair fight in the arena.
What was going on in the Tian Bei Region? How could such a man be born here? The few Life and Death warriors started thinking about a more long-term problem …
The Holy Maiden didn't think too much about it, all she wanted was revenge.
In the Divine Kingdom, she had a very high status. Perhaps among the younger generation, she was second only to the Crown Prince. But, there were many princes in the Divine Kingdom.
A martial artist was different from a mortal. When a mortal became an Emperor, they would only live for a hundred years. No matter how many descendants they left behind, there would only be a few dozen of them. But, an Emperor of a Divine Kingdom could live for thousands of years, or even tens of thousands of years. With such a long life and the ability to sit on top of all the beautiful women in the world, just how many descendants would they have?
With so many Princes, they also had to abide by the rules of natural selection. Only the most outstanding person could become the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince. As for some Princes with mediocre talent, their status was even lower than some ordinary martial artists.
She had a good relationship with this prince since she was young. This time, he was the one who brought her to the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb. As the Holy Maiden of a clan, she had to be worshipped by others since the day she could remember. She rarely had any friends by her side and spent her days in solitude.
Her only friend was this Divine Kingdom Prince, but today he was killed by Luo Zheng. How could she not hate him?
Along with the rotation of the light beam, her eyes were focused on Luo Zheng, not moving away for a moment.
Not long after, the light beam rotated again and pointed at her body. She narrowed her eyes slightly, and the dice in the abyss suddenly jumped up.
"Six points!"
A black disc appeared in front of her. Inside the disc, there was a thin white line.
She didn't think much about it. She lightly stepped onto the disc.
"You can erase anyone here."
Only after this voice suddenly rang out did she react!
"Erase!"
A ruthless smile appeared on the Holy Maiden's face. She stared at Luo Zheng and sneered.
Ning Yudie's expression suddenly changed. This round, the Holy Maiden actually obtained the right to erase!
Just now, the Elder of the Mysterious Yin Mansion had already demonstrated what "erase" meant. That was the true power of an Immortal. No one here could resist it!
Even a powerhouse like the Mysterious Yin Old Man couldn't resist at all. He was directly erased by an invisible force. It was a veritable erasure!
In other words, the Holy Maiden now controlled everyone's life and death! And this was simply an irresistible force!
"Luo Zheng is in trouble. He just killed the Crown Prince. How could the Holy Maiden let Luo Zheng go?"
"Hehe, not necessarily. Look at how many calamities Luo Zheng has escaped from in the beginning. In the beginning, not only did the purple flame not burn Luo Zheng to death, it seemed to have made Luo Zheng even stronger. Later on, even the False Tribulation Realm powerhouse couldn't kill Luo Zheng. This brat … is simply the incarnation of a demon! "
"Not necessarily? This erase should be the true power of an Immortal! How can it be compared to that False Tribulation Realm powerhouse? I bet Luo Zheng will die! "
Simply by analyzing the meaning of "erase", one could understand the Immortal's meaning. Erase was definitely unstoppable. No matter how strong you were, you couldn't be stronger than an Immortal's power. If an Immortal wanted you dead, how could you not die?
After the Holy Maiden obtained the opportunity to "erase", Cui Xie also heaved a deep sigh of relief. Fortunately … when Luo Zheng defeated the Crown Prince, Cui Xie actually felt a trace of fear in his heart! This brat's luck was much stronger than he had imagined. He must kill Luo Zheng while he was still in his infancy!
Unfortunately, he was currently in the Immortal Tomb and couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
Now it seemed that there was no need to do so. The Holy Maiden was bound to erase Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng was also bound to die. At this moment, who could save him? Unless Luo Zheng had a second life!
The three fat men of the World Business Alliance looked at each other and silently shook their heads. This was bad …
Of course, the World Business Alliance didn't want Luo Zheng to die. Not to mention that if Luo Zheng died, their Sect Protecting Great Array would be ruined. Moreover, as a rune master, Luo Zheng's commercial value to the World Business Alliance might be even more important than the Cloud Hall. From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had been the target of the World Business Alliance's roping.
What a pity …
Many martial artists also shook their heads.
Facing the Holy Maiden, Ning Yudie's eyes suddenly turned cold. She stared at the Holy Maiden and coldly said, "If you dare to kill Luo Zheng, I'll hunt you down until you die!"
"Is that so?" The Holy Maiden faintly smiled. "I'm the Holy Maiden of Divine Kingdom. You seem to be the Sect Leader of a Rank 4 Sect, right? What are you going to use to hunt me down? "
"I'll use this!"
Ning Yudie bit the tip of her tongue and gently blew on it. A hexagonal blood-colored snowflake formed in her hand!
After the blood-colored snowflake was formed, Ning Yudie gently patted it. The snowflake spun and then flew towards the Holy Maiden!
In this abyss, everyone's position was separated by a barrier. No one could leave their own disc. Even their attacks would be blocked by the barrier. Otherwise, everyone would have already been in a mess. Why would they be willing to obediently throw dice here?
However, the blood-colored snowflake easily passed through the barrier and flew towards the Holy Maiden. In an instant, it drilled into the Holy Maiden's body!
"Xiaodie …" Granny Jade softly called out. Outsiders didn't know what Ning Yudie did, but Granny Jade knew best. After all, Granny Jade was the one who taught Ning Yudie the 《Empyrean Maiden Heart Sutra》.
This was a curse that Ning Yudie released at the cost of burning her blood essence!
After being cursed, the Holy Maiden would be Ning Yudie's target for the rest of her life. She wouldn't stop until she was dead …
Moreover, both Ning Yudie and the Holy Maiden would be infected with the curse. Every year, they would be attacked by the cold poison for a third of the time. It was unbearable pain!
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what Ning Yudie did, he could vaguely guess that the price she paid was probably not small.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with fear!
The Immortal's methods were too powerful. He wasn't sure if his own trump card could block the "obliteration"!
The Holy Maiden coldly glanced at Luo Zheng and laughed bitterly. "Die! Since you killed Brother Fan, you're destined to be buried with him … "
Then, the Holy Maiden lightly pointed at Luo Zheng.
Everyone's eyes immediately focused on Luo Zheng.
Soon, a breeze drifted by, as if some invisible Death God had come to Luo Zheng's side. The invisible force suddenly covered Luo Zheng.
"What a powerful force!"
Although this force was almost invisible, Luo Zheng could still feel its existence. This force should be from the side of his head!
Luo Zheng almost subconsciously raised his hands to protect his head!
His body had just been tempered by the Quenching Star Raging Flames. After absorbing so much Quenching Star Raging Flames, his body had been promoted to a high-grade Immortal Tool. He was only one step away from becoming a Sacred Tool. Luo Zheng didn't believe that this force could really obliterate him!
"Puff puff!"