Luo Zheng had still underestimated the Immortal's methods.
So far, Luo Zheng had relied on his special body to block a lot of attacks!
Generally speaking, only very sharp attacks could cause real damage to Luo Zheng. For example, Luo Zheng's body could be penetrated, or Luo Zheng's body could be cut open. However, it was very difficult to tear his body apart!
Take the number one expert of the Central Domain, Cui Xie, as an example. Cui Xie might be able to break a high-grade immortal standard sword with some effort, but that was because the sword was too thin and easy to break. However, what if it was a high-grade immortal standard iron pillar that was as thick as a water bucket?
Cui Xie might be able to cut a hole in the iron pillar, but he might not be able to break it.
Luo Zheng's body was equivalent to such a high-grade immortal standard iron pillar. How much power would be needed to break his body?
However, this obliterating power was still beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
The powerful obliterating power directly caused the skin and flesh on Luo Zheng's arms to continuously crack. His bones were already many times harder than steel, but under the pressure of this obliterating power, fine cracks continuously appeared!
What was even more frightening was that this powerful force was constantly penetrating. Not only did it squeeze Luo Zheng's arms from top to bottom, but it also penetrated Luo Zheng's back. It was as if an invisible giant hand was squeezing Luo Zheng's entire body tightly in the palm of its hand!
"Ka Ka Ka Ka Cha!"
Fine cracks appeared on his spine under the extreme pressure, and he could not bear the heavy burden any longer.
"Luo Zheng!"
Although she knew that Luo Zheng couldn't resist the obliterating power of the Immortal, Ning Yudie couldn't help but tear up when she saw Luo Zheng struggling so painfully.
In the end, Ning Yudie was actually a very ordinary woman. It was a complete accident that she was able to rise so quickly and become a top expert of the Central Domain. In other words, Ning Yudie didn't have a heart that yearned for the Martial Dao. It was only after her talent was accidentally discovered by the Cloud Hall that her heart for the Martial Dao was slowly forged.
Even so, she still yearned for an ordinary life. If there was someone by her side, she could bicker with him, she could roll her eyes when she was unhappy, and she could put on an extra layer of clothing when the weather turned cold.
Perhaps Luo Zheng was the most suitable person, the man who could bring her warmth …
Seeing Luo Zheng being obliterated, Ning Yudie was indeed very sad.
But in the eyes of others, it was a stupefying shock!
The scene of the Old Man Xuan Yin being obliterated was still vivid in their minds. A dignified Life and Death Realm expert was obliterated just like that. Moreover, his body was directly crushed by an invisible force and then obliterated!
This Luo Zheng seemed to be using his own body to resist the obliterating power?
The power of the Immortal was something that martial artists from the lower realm like them couldn't fathom or resist!
In this Wheel of Fortune, the rules of the game set by the Immortal were ironclad rules. Since the rules determined that Luo Zheng needed to be obliterated, then Luo Zheng had to die. Otherwise, the obliteration would lose its meaning, and it would be unfair to the Saintess of Divine Nation.
However … Luo Zheng was actually resisting that terrifying power!
"This, this, this … this is a power that will surely kill him. Luo Zheng actually has the ability to resist it. I'm really scared. Is this guy even human?!" an elder of the Black Mountain Sect couldn't help but cry out. Obviously, he couldn't accept the fact in front of him.
"Motherf * cker, how tough is Luo Zheng's body? Resisting the obliterating power head-on? The Mysterious Yin Old Man was obliterated, but this guy Luo Zheng doesn't seem to die? "
"I can't help but swear. This guy … can he be any more monstrous? I'm going crazy! I think it's better for him to die! Otherwise, there's really no way to explain how a puny Divine Reflection Stage martial artist could reach this point step by step! "
"He's most likely going to die. He can't hold on any longer!"
Even being obliterated seemed so difficult. Many martial artists were completely speechless at this scene. In their eyes, Luo Zheng was absolutely a monster that couldn't be measured by normal standards!
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. Right, to resist that power, he not only borrowed the power of the dragon scales in his body, but also the Vital Spirit hidden in his body!
However, as Luo Zheng's power erupted, the invisible obliterating power seemed to be increasing! Originally, after entering the immortal tool body, Luo Zheng could still borrow more power of the dragon scales. However, if he continued to increase the power of the dragon scales, coupled with the power of the Vital Spirit, and the obliterating power, his body would probably collapse first!
"Ah ah ah ah!"
Luo Zheng let out a manic roar. The muscles of his shoulders, chest, and back were all injured by Luo Zheng. Blood shot out like arrows under the high pressure, hitting the barrier, forming a bloody mist, and slowly falling on the disc.
Ning Yudie's hand was pressed against the barrier, and a faint icy mist floated on her sorrowful face. At this moment, a glimmer of hope appeared in her heart. Perhaps, Luo Zheng could really survive this obliterating power?
If it was someone else, it would be impossible, but if it was Luo Zheng, it was very possible!
Because Ning Yudie had seen too many miracles from Luo Zheng. He was always unexpected and always beyond people's expectations. At this moment, Ning Yudie wanted to quietly close her eyes. Maybe in a moment, Luo Zheng would stand up safely.
Unfortunately, the miracle didn't happen.
She watched as more and more blood burst out of Luo Zheng's body. His bones couldn't bear the powerful obliterating power and broke little by little. His whole body was constantly being kneaded by an invisible big hand, and his body was distorted beyond recognition …
"Bastard, you didn't even save your sister …" Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie murmured, and the sadness on her face gradually dissipated.
She had a soft side, but as the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, she had a strong side!
Many martial artists also let out sighs. Although some of them still had some doubts in their hearts, it was reasonable to say that Luo Zheng should be completely obliterated from this world, just like the Mysterious Yin Old Man!
But why didn't Luo Zheng's body disappear even though it was distorted beyond recognition? Or was it because Luo Zheng's body was too hard and couldn't be obliterated?
Just when everyone was puzzled, a strange scene appeared.
Luo Zheng's distorted body suddenly flashed, and then a small light spot burst out from Luo Zheng's body.
That light spot instantly changed into a semicircular light curtain, covering Luo Zheng's body!
"Bang!
Then, a large part of the light curtain caved in!
Everyone immediately understood that the obliterating power from the Immortal's method hadn't disappeared, and was actually attacking the light curtain!
However, the light curtain covering Luo Zheng seemed to be even more terrifying. Although it was caved in by the obliterating power, the caved in area instantly returned to its original state. Moreover, the light curtain suddenly bulged, as if it had collided heavily with the invisible big hand.
"Clang!"
"Bang!"
"Boom!"
The light curtain on the surface of Luo Zheng's body actually started a fierce collision with the obstinate obliterating power.
The entire abyss seemed to be shaken by the two powerful forces. Everyone standing on the round plate was actually constantly shaking, and the cliff of the abyss was also constantly shaking.
Many Life and Death Realm experts felt such a powerful force, and their faces turned pale!
What kind of method did Luo Zheng have that he could actually resist the power of the Immortal?
This method didn't come from Luo Zheng, but from the amulet given to him by the Palace Master of Dragon Abyss Palace. Like the power of the Immortal, it also came from the upper realm.
Luo Zheng, who was lying under the light curtain, was also extremely shocked! He didn't expect that a small amulet could give birth to such a powerful force.
This amulet actually became Luo Zheng's substitute. Not only did it take all the damage for Luo Zheng, but it also helped Luo Zheng completely offset the obliterating power!
However, this Immortal's method was also very tenacious! He actually wanted to obliterate Luo Zheng before giving up!
The collision between the two continued for a while, and the power of the invisible hand became weaker and weaker. The sound of the collision also became softer and softer, and finally, it slowly disappeared …
After a while, the light curtain on the surface of Luo Zheng's body collapsed and dissipated. The amulet given to Luo Zheng by the Palace Master of Dragon Abyss Palace also turned into fragments. This amulet couldn't protect him forever, and was only a one-time item.
Luo Zheng, who got up, was too lazy to pay attention to anyone. He just stared at Ning Yudie and said with a faint smile, "Why are you crying?"