How could other people be as indifferent as Luo Zheng?
In Ning Yudie's opinion, Luo Zheng had indeed created a lot of miracles, but those miracles were relatively "reasonable", such as challenging people of a higher realm. But how could she have thought that Luo Zheng could withstand the Immortal's Obliteration?
But just now, everyone saw that at the critical moment, it seemed that a protective talisman had exploded. It was that powerful protective talisman that had saved Luo Zheng's life.
If Ning Yudie's guess was right, this protective talisman should also have come from the Upper Realm. Otherwise, how could it offset the power of the Immortal?
Seeing Luo Zheng's lazy smile, Ning Yudie's eyes widened. She just kept cursing, "Bastard, bastard …"
Just now, Ning Yudie had indeed given up. In this case, she was almost helpless. Unless a miracle happened, it was possible to reverse the situation. But in the end, the miracle did not happen. Luo Zheng still relied on his own trump card to reverse the whole situation!
This scene made everyone fall silent again.
The eyes of the Saintess of Divine Kingdom were gloomy, like a dark pool of water.
How could she have thought that these ants of the Northern Heaven Region would be so difficult to deal with? She had gotten a chance to obliterate this kid, but she couldn't even kill him. How could she be reconciled?
And she seemed to have been cursed by that woman …
The Saintess of Divine Kingdom lowered her head, and a row of neat bangs covered her eyes. She said faintly, "When we go back this time, I will bring people to flatten the Northern Heaven Region."
As the light beam rotated in circles, many warriors became more and more nervous.
This Wheel of Luck relied entirely on luck. There was no reason at all. Even someone as powerful as Cui Xie would not be able to resist if he encountered the Obliteration. Only that evildoer, Luo Zheng, could actually endure it!
But since Ning Yudie could guess, in fact, many people could guess that Luo Zheng had just resisted the Immortal's Obliteration. Presumably, he had borrowed the means of the Upper Realm.
However, what they couldn't figure out was how strong Luo Zheng's luck was. Everyone else who stepped onto the Rising Dragon Platform would be locked up for a thousand years. Why was this kid not only not locked up, but also brought down a pile of treasures from the Upper Realm, such as a Saint-level protective armor, a Saint-level sword, and the amulet that suddenly exploded on Luo Zheng's body just now was even more terrifying …
Many of the martial artists didn't say anything, but they felt extremely unbalanced in their hearts. They had seen people with good luck, but they had never seen anyone with such good luck!
The beam of light slowly stopped and finally pointed at Cui Xie. Cui Xie waved his fist and the die gave a five.
After Cui Xie took five steps, he stepped onto the emerald green disc. "The Light of Longevity rewards you with five hundred years of lifespan."
"No way, Cui Xie's luck is also this strong?"
"His luck has always been good! Otherwise, how could he have fought against the Void Spirit Sect as an independent martial artist and become the strongest person in the world? "
Many of the martial artists also showed envy in their eyes.
Just as Qinglong had inferred, the first half of Cui Xie's life was also full of adversity. He was even suppressed by the Void Spirit Sect and once had a grudge with them, but in the end, he still soared to the sky. How could his luck be weak?
Looking at Cui Xie covered in green light, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. With Cui Xie's luck, it wouldn't be too difficult to find the next person with the Extreme Violet Yin Body.
Thinking of this, a feeling of extreme urgency rose from the bottom of Luo Zheng's heart. He didn't have much time left!
Most of the people in the abyss were gradually approaching the center of the abyss at a speed that was neither fast nor slow. Most of them had already taken between ten to thirty steps, and the one who maintained the lead was still Luo Zheng, followed by Ning Yudie, and then the Saintess of Divine Kingdom.
After a full circle, it was Luo Zheng's turn to throw the die again.
"With great momentum, let's rush forward in one spurt of energy!" Luo Zheng said confidently with a smile on his face. He punched the die. The die kept rolling, but it still gave him a "six". In the end, a yellow light appeared on the disc. "Throw it again!"
Seeing this scene, many of the martial artists cried out.
"This Luo Zheng's luck is too good. I can't compare with him at all!"
"I've thrown the die five times, and I didn't get a" six "even once. Not to mention that one more time!"
"It's good enough that you didn't encounter any punishment. Those who were punished and killed are even more wronged!"
Luo Zheng stepped forward, stepped on the yellow disc, and punched again. The die rolled once. "Six again!"
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng, who was constantly moving forward, and sighed in her heart. When she met him on the road of trials, Ning Yudie was only surprised that Luo Zheng could cultivate the Demon Race's Cultivation Method. At that time, the only value of Luo Zheng in her eyes was that he had broken the barrier in the flood dragon's stomach.
But then, this youngster showed his talent at an astonishing speed. His talent could indeed go further than her on the road of martial arts …
Thinking of this, Ning Yudie sighed inwardly. Unfortunately, the time given to him was too short. If Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to save his sister, it would be very easy for him to step into the Life and Death Realm in thirty years.
However, Ning Yudie didn't know that Luo Zheng's goal was not only the Life and Death Realm.
The road of martial arts was long, and there was almost no end. Luo Zheng's ultimate goal was to reach the pinnacle of martial arts and pry into the most fundamental mysteries of the world!
"Six again …"
Luo Zheng had now taken the ninety-fourth step. He was in the center of the abyss. At this moment, he could see the big die when he raised his head.
Everyone's eyes were focused on him. Just now, Luo Zheng had done one more time, and they had nothing to say. They could only say that Luo Zheng's luck was strong, far beyond their imagination.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and hit the die again. As the die rolled, it still gave a "six".
"Did I pass?"
Luo Zheng looked at the last disc. It flickered with a blue light, as if the blue sky was projected on it.
Before stepping on the disc, Luo Zheng looked back at Ning Yudie and nodded at her with a faint smile. Then, he took the first step.
"Whoosh …"
A blue light shot out from the disc and instantly enveloped Luo Zheng. Soon, Luo Zheng's figure disappeared in front of everyone.
With the exception of Ning Yudie and the other people from Cloud Hall, almost all the cultivators had looks of envy in their eyes. Although they didn't know what kind of reward the first person to pass through the Wheel of Fortune would receive, if they could obtain such a generous reward just by passing through the Wheel of Fortune, then it was easy to imagine what the first person to pass through would receive …
Everyone had paid a considerable price for one Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamp. In order to light up all the Immortal Tomb Spirit Lamps, they had waited for decades or even centuries!
Among these people, there was no lack of Life and Death Realm powerhouses and Sect Masters of various large sects. However, in the end, they still let a junior in the Divine Reflection Realm take the lead.
"Don't be discouraged. There's no saying that the first person will definitely receive the immortal's inheritance," someone said lightly.
"That's true, but the first person will definitely receive great benefits …"
After Luo Zheng left, most people said that they were full of jealousy. A small number of people mocked him, probably because they felt that it was unfair.
Ning Yudie's smile didn't fade for a long time. Her beautiful eyes were curved into crescent moons. She wasn't happy because Luo Zheng had won first place, but because Luo Zheng smiled at her when he took the last step.
The moment Luo Zheng was enveloped by the blue light, his entire body seemed to be disintegrated into little bits that kept rising.
This teleportation method was very similar to the one on the fifth level of the Rising Dragon Platform. Was this also long-distance teleportation? Teleportation to the Upper Realm?
However, Luo Zheng soon understood that it should be a short-distance teleportation. After all, when he was teleported from the Rising Dragon Platform to the Upper Realm, although Luo Zheng couldn't feel the passage of time, it definitely couldn't have been this short.
At this moment, Luo Zheng found himself standing in a dim palace. A cold wind blew over, and Luo Zheng saw a huge coffin placed in front of him!
"This is an immortal's coffin? It's so big? " Luo Zheng's face showed curiosity. This made Luo Zheng suddenly think of the immortal mansion. Everything inside was also incomparably huge.
＝＝＝＝＝