When Luo Zheng first entered the immortal mansion, he found that everything in the immortal mansion was incomparably huge.
Huge tree trunks, huge white tigers, and everything in the immortal mansion was so huge. Could it be that immortals were all giants?
This was illogical.
Human beings were a huge race. When their strength reached a certain level, they could cross the void and ascend.
Even if they cultivated to become immortals, their body size would not change that much. Luo Zheng was trying to unravel this mystery step by step.
In the darkness, gusts of chilly wind blew. Luo Zheng slowly approached the huge coffin. The outside of the coffin was engraved with fine and dense lines, which were complex and obscure.
Luo Zheng tried to open the lid of the coffin.
When he put his hands on the coffin and tried to open it, he found that the coffin did not move at all. There was no reaction!
Luo Zheng urged the power of the dragon scales inside his body, and then suddenly released the vital essence inside his body, but the result was the same.
"Such a heavy coffin?" Luo Zheng was amazed.
The power that Luo Zheng had just unleashed was enough to overturn a mountain, but he hadn't moved the coffin at all.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only go around the coffin and continue to explore slowly.
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw a huge fate chart on the ground. On it, palm-sized characters were engraved with golden patterns, scattered in every corner.
"Wuqu, Tianfu, Pojun, Tanlang, this is …" Just as Luo Zheng recognized it, an extremely weak voice floated out.
"Ziwei Diaodiao, predict the fate of one's life. Young man, since you're here, stand on it …"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. With a vigilant look, he asked, "Who is it?"
"Me? I'm the owner of this tomb. "Then Luo Zheng heard the sound of a stone slab moving. He looked up and saw a triangular stone slab on the ceiling slowly move away. A transparent crystal ball rolled out from the slab and floated in the air.
There was a black figure in the crystal ball. The eyes of the figure could not be seen, only two empty black eye sockets staring at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was a bit nervous. His body slightly bent, and he asked with a bit of wariness, "You are Immortal Heavenly Mist?"
"Haha, you don't need to be so nervous. Dead Immortals are no longer Immortals. Strictly speaking, I am the last words of Immortal Heavenly Mist." The crystal ball quietly floated for a while before Immortal Heavenly Mist said, "In order to preserve my remnant soul, I spent a lot of energy. If I wait another thousand years, the Time Sand will lose its effect …"
"In order to wait for a suitable person to appear, I mixed this remnant of my soul with the sand of time. That was how I was able to retain thousands of years of memories after death. However, after splitting my soul, I also lost the qualifications to enter the path of reincarnation. This price, sigh …"
Immortal Heavenly Mist continued to talk to himself. His words were somewhat vague, but Luo Zheng still understood most of it. Gradually, he let down his guard.
Such a weak remnant soul could not possibly take over Luo Zheng's body. Moreover, Luo Zheng's soul had already entered the War Soul Realm, and the two True Dragons, Qinglong and Chi Long, were lurking in his mind.
Luo Zheng did not know what the Time Sand was, but he understood. In order to preserve his soul until now, Immortal Heavenly Mist actually gave up the qualifications to enter the path of reincarnation!
Life would undergo reincarnation, or fall into the Six Paths of Reincarnation and be reborn …
Giving up the qualifications to enter the path of reincarnation was equivalent to completely cutting off one's path of retreat and erasing oneself forever.
Immortals had to go through the Five Signs of Decay before dying. After that, they would die in front of the Gate of Immortality. There was no elixir that could prolong an Immortal's life. Even their soul could not be preserved. They had to enter the path of reincarnation.
In order to preserve this remnant of his soul until now, Immortal Heavenly Mist had paid a considerable price.
"May I ask why you're doing this?" asked Luo Zheng.
"I'm waiting for someone," said Immortal Heavenly Mist softly.
"Waiting for who?"
"You …"
Luo Zheng was not surprised by this answer.
Qinglong had already told him that although the dice seemed like a game, it was actually a wheel of karmic luck. Its purpose was to select the cultivator with the most karmic luck.
Luo Zheng was the first person to pass through the wheel of karmic luck, so he naturally had the most karmic luck.
"Actually, your karmic luck is still somewhat insufficient," said Immortal Heavenly Mist somewhat disappointedly.
"Insufficient?" Luo Zheng felt that his luck was pretty good.
"You used up six chances to pass through the wheel of karmic luck I set up. According to the design I set up in the wheel of karmic luck, there is a one in three hundred chance of passing through the wheel of karmic luck. In other words, there is a one in 16.934 billion chance of passing through the wheel of karmic luck …" said Immortal Heavenly Mist indifferently.
Hearing that number, Luo Zheng felt a bit confused. According to what Immortal Heavenmist had said, he had to invite 16.9 billion people to try once. Only one of them would be able to pass the Wheel of Karmic Luck by throwing the die six times.
"However, my request is to pass through the wheel of karmic luck in one attempt," continued Immortal Heavenly Mist.
"Throwing the die once and continuously stepping on the wheel of karmic luck? This probability … "Luo Zheng was already speechless. This was probably no longer called karmic luck, right? This was called being blessed by the heavens!
"Yes, that's a one in 56 trillion chance," said Immortal Heavenly Mist.
Such a large number made Luo Zheng dizzy. The Central Domain had a large population. Cloudsea City's population was in the tens of millions, and this didn't include large cities like Apocalypse City and Yulan City. But even if everyone in the Central Domain were to try, it would still be impossible for a single person to meet Immortal Heavenly Mist's requirements.
Seeing Luo Zheng roll his eyes, Immortal Heavenly Mist laughed. "Perhaps my requirements are too high."
"Not just a little high." Luo Zheng nodded in agreement.
"However, you should still stand on the Crape Myrtle Heavenly Palace. Let me calculate your karmic luck," said Immortal Heavenly Mist.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious expression, and then he mentally asked, "Our human race has a method of calculating karmic luck?"
"Of course there is a method of calculating karmic luck. I suggest that you try it," suggested Qinglong.
Actually, Qinglong had this question in his heart as well.
Qinglong had deduced that Luo Zheng had the Fate of the War of the Worlds, but that was only a guess of his and Crimson Dragon's. Neither Qinglong nor Crimson Dragon knew how to calculate karmic luck and fate. Only their big brother knew this method. Thus, they had been unable to calculate Luo Zheng's karmic luck.
Since Immortal Heavenly Mist could do it, Qinglong would naturally suggest it.
Luo Zheng nodded, then stepped onto the Crape Myrtle Heavenly Palace. As he walked, Luo Zheng asked, "Qinglong, even a human Immortal can calculate karmic luck. You are a true dragon of the Dragon race. Why can't you do it?"
Although Luo Zheng didn't know Immortal Heavenly Mist's status in the Immortal Realm, one thing was certain. Immortal Heavenly Mist's status was definitely incomparable to Qinglong's.
The grand True Dragon Realm only had 49 true dragons!
But in the human Upper Realm, immortals … shouldn't be that valuable, right?
However, Luo Zheng's knowledge of the entire Upper Realm was still incomplete and blurry. So far, he'd only been to the border of the True Dragon Realm, a small city used to receive ascenders from the Lower Realm's Dragon Bloodline Clan. Naturally, Luo Zheng couldn't figure out the problem.
To his surprise, Qinglong said coolly, "You underestimate the power of the human race. The Hundred Thousand Upper Realms have been occupied by humans … Heh heh, let's talk about this later!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Then he saw the Nine Palaces Grid on the ground start to flicker with light. The palm-sized characters glowed with a faint golden light and flowed continuously. The light wove into fine lines that wove back and forth.
Some of the light fell on Luo Zheng and then bounced off another big character, forming even more fine lines.
Luo Zheng, who was in the center, didn't feel anything strange. The crystal ball floated in front of the Crape Star Great Heavenly Palace. The black thing in the crystal ball was rolling continuously, as if it was calculating Luo Zheng's fate!
After a long time, the crystal ball suddenly trembled and fell heavily to the ground. A crack appeared on the surface of the crystal ball, like a blooming flower.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was startled. He stared at the crystal ball and asked, "Immortal Heavenly Mist … are you all right?"
The black smoke in the crystal ball tumbled and finally formed a faint head. Then, it asked in a weak and surprised voice, "You, you also have a token!"