Luo Zheng stared at the cracks on the crystal ball and listened to Immortal Tian Miao's increasingly weak voice. Instead, he said worriedly, "I have the token, but your crystal ball is broken."
"Don't worry about that! Quickly take out your token and let me see it! "Daoist Tian Miao said urgently.
Luo Zheng didn't doubt him and took out the token from the immortal mansion from his spatial ring. The immortal mansion was useless to Luo Zheng right now. After all, he couldn't move the entire immortal mansion. That token with the word "Xun" engraved on it should only be a pass.
The crystal ball floated in front of Luo Zheng. Daoist Tian Miao's black eye sockets stared at the token in Luo Zheng's hand. Then he sighed, "So that's how it is. You have also become the new master of the primal chaos immortal mansion."
"That means, you …" Luo Zheng was surprised.
Daoist Tian Miao smiled. Then he turned the crystal ball and aimed it at a wall not far away. That wall emitted a sound of friction and soon the wall opened. "Go and take out the things behind the wall."
Luo Zheng curiously walked to the wall and took out two tokens from behind it. One of the tokens was exactly the same as Luo Zheng's. It also had the word "Xun" engraved on it. However, next to the word "Xun" was the word "Zhen"!
There were actually two tokens!
Looking at the shape and design of the other token, it was almost exactly the same as the other one. They should have both come from the immortal mansion.
Seeing the change in Luo Zheng's expression, Immortal Tian Miao said indifferently, "I am the third master of that immortal mansion …"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. When he was in the immortal mansion, Luo Zheng knew that the immortal mansion had had several masters. Luo Zheng passed the test and could be considered the new master of the immortal mansion. How could he have imagined that he would meet the third master of the immortal mansion in this immortal tomb!
"Then this token …" Luo Zheng was about to ask about the use of the token engraved with the word "Zhen".
Daoist Tian Miao smiled faintly, "This' Zhen 'token opens the' True Path of Extinction 'of the immortal mansion. The True Path of Extinction is also a path of cultivation in the immortal mansion. Even I have only opened one True Path of Extinction …"
"What is the origin of this immortal mansion? Why did the first master leave it behind?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Heh heh, this Immortal mansion has no name. The first master did not give it a name. Since then, no one else in this world has been able to give it a name. You can't, I can't, the previous master of this Immortal mansion couldn't, and no one in the hundred thousand major worlds can do it," said Immortal Heavenmist coolly.
Luo Zheng blinked, stunned. Immortal Heavenly Mist's words were too …
There were a hundred thousand worlds in the Upper Worlds. Even the famous True Dragon World was only one in a hundred thousand. Was there no one in the hundred thousand worlds qualified to name this immortal mansion? Did it have to be so exaggerated?
"Since you were able to become the master of this immortal mansion, this' Zhen 'token can be considered a gift to you. You can't enter the True Path of Extinction yet, but you can once you break through the Life and Death realm. As for the origin of this immortal mansion, I can't tell you too much. I can only remind you that this immortal mansion is much larger than you can imagine." After saying this, Daoist Tian Miao asked again, "Since you became the temporary master, you should have obtained the visualization diagram. How many did you obtain?"
"Visualization diagram?" Luo Zheng nodded, then said, "It's the Sun-Moon-Star Diagram."
The crystal ball suddenly trembled again and fell heavily to the ground, making a crisp "pa" sound. On the other side of the crystal ball, a broken pattern bloomed.
"Senior, senior, are you alright?" Looking at the two broken crystal balls, Luo Zheng's face flashed with worry.
The crystal ball slowly floated up and said, "I'm fine … Are you sure you obtained the Sun-Moon-Star Diagram?"
Luo Zheng nodded and released a strand of Zhen Yuan from his hand. Specks of starlight escaped from the Heavenly Devil Zhen Yuan.
"The light of the stars visualized from the Sun-Moon-Star Diagram. Not bad … You were actually able to obtain the last diagram. It's really inconceivable. That was the diagram visualized by the first master of this immortal mansion, that supreme existence …" Immortal Tian Miao muttered.
"Who was the first master of this immortal mansion?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Even the hundred thousand great worlds weren't qualified to name this immortal mansion. In other words, the master of this immortal mansion had a status that transcended the hundred thousand great worlds.
How could Luo Zheng not be curious about such an identity?
"That's not something you can comprehend right now. You don't need to know," Immortal Tian Miao said. "Moreover, if I'm not wrong, you're cultivating a demonic technique. This Heavenly Devil God Fist has the power to devour. Although it's extraordinary, it's not a righteous technique. We humans are orthodox, so how can we cultivate the heretical techniques of other races?"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He didn't think much of Immortal Tian Miao's words.
If it wasn't for the Heavenly Devil God Fist showing off its might at the crucial moment, Luo Zheng would have died countless times. This guy said it so easily. He did want to cultivate the top techniques of the human race, but the problem was that he didn't know if there were any in the Central Domain. Even if there were, it probably wouldn't be Luo Zheng's turn.
Although Luo Zheng claimed to be from the Cloud Hall, in reality, other than the Heavenly Devil God Fist, which he accidentally obtained from the Blue Cloud Sect, all the other resources were obtained by Luo Zheng. He didn't use much of the Blue Cloud Sect's effort, and he didn't use much of the Cloud Hall's effort either. In other words, his growth was similar to that of an independent martial artist. He relied entirely on himself!
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Immortal Tian Miao roughly understood that there was something wrong with his words. He calmly accepted it. "Forget it, forget it. I'm an old man who's already dead. I can't even enter the path of reincarnation. Even if I want to reincarnate as an animal, it's impossible. Why would I care about such trifles?
How laughable. "Luo Zheng didn't know why, but when he heard this, he suddenly felt that Immortal Tian Miao was a bit pitiful.
What kind of big matter was it that made him sever his own soul and wait here bitterly for two thousand years? He was even willing to not enter the path of reincarnation? What was the secret behind all this?
"Senior, the martial arts I practice are very complicated. It's true that they aren't systematic, but at that time, I was limited by the conditions." Luo Zheng's martial arts were actually not bad at all. If he could practice any one of them in the Central Domain, he would probably be able to laugh proudly and obtain great achievements. However, in the eyes of Immortal Tian Miao, he was probably just average. Then, Luo Zheng asked again, "Senior, you haven't told me why you want to test my luck?"
"Alas, I just discovered that you have the Immortal Mansion Token in your body, so I delayed this. Stand back. I still want to test your luck," Immortal Tian Miao said.
After Luo Zheng stood back, the words on the Crape Myrtle Heavenly Palace began to light up one by one.
"Sun …"
"Sky Beam …"
"Army Breaker …"
"Left Assistant …"
"Wenqu …"
Bits of golden light flashed, and more and more golden threads shot out. Every thread of golden thread brushed past Luo Zheng's body. The dense golden threads almost drowned Luo Zheng, but they kept a certain distance from Luo Zheng.
There were many types of Birth Charts in the Crape Myrtle Horoscope.
For example, the Triad Fire Greedy Grid, the Two Brilliant Tonglin Grid, the Lu He Yuanyang Grid, and so on.
Immortal Heavenly Mist was also muttering nonstop as he began to calculate Luo Zheng's luck. His words were so vague that no one could hear him clearly.
After the time it takes three incense sticks to burn, Immortal Heavenmist's voice suddenly became clear.
"Breaking the Great Gate, Chang Lian Zhen, is for the Seven Killing Dynasties … No, that's not right. Against the Sun and Moon, Piercing the Heavens, is for the Pearl Emerging from the Sea … That's still not right!"
"This is, this is … the War of the Great Era …"
Before Daoist Tian Miao could finish his words, the crystal ball shook violently again and fell to the ground.
"Bang!"
Cracks appeared on both ends of the crystal ball, and a spiderweb-like crack had appeared in the middle. Luo Zheng didn't know if Immortal Heavenmist was using his "eyes" to see, or else these cracks would've blocked his line of sight.
"Se-senior, are you alright …?"
In this short period of time, the crystal ball had already fallen three times. Luo Zheng was rather speechless.
The crystal ball rolled once on the ground, then slowly floated up. At the same time, a desolate laugh came from it. "Hahaha …"
He didn't break his head, right? Luo Zheng thought to himself. However, this was only a part of Immortal Heavenmist's soul. It shouldn't have a brain!