The crystal ball in front of him had been completely smashed and was covered with cracks. If it was hit again, the entire crystal ball would probably shatter into pieces.
Immortal Tian Miao's laughter constantly rang out from the crystal ball. His laughter contained a wild and desolate aura, as if he was a supreme expert who had encountered great joy and great sorrow in his twilight years. Only then would he laugh like this.
"Senior …" Luo Zheng pursed his lips. He didn't know why Immortal Tian Miao was laughing so wildly.
Immortal Tian Miao kept laughing inside the crystal ball. After a while, he gradually stopped laughing. "The Battle of the Great Era, the Battle of the Great Era! This is the fate of the Battle of the Great Era! "
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that after Immortal Tian Miao made this divination, Qinglong secretly said to the Crimson Dragon in his mind, "Seventh Brother, it seems that we don't need to ask Big Brother to make a divination. This Immortal's Purple Star Divinator has already calculated Luo Zheng's fate. It seems that Luo Zheng really does have the fate of the Battle of the Great Era!"
The Crimson Dragon nodded. "Indeed. Since this kid has the fate of the Battle of the Great Era, and now that the Great Era has arrived, he will be the favored child of this era!"
"If that's the case, then the matter of us nine brothers will have a certain chance of turning around. To be able to place our hopes in the mind of a martial artist with the fate of the Battle of the Great Era is also our destiny …" Qinglong muttered.
"Perhaps …" The Crimson Dragon also let out a long sigh.
Luo Zheng was completely stunned. What was the Battle of the Great Era? What kind of fate was this? He had never heard anyone mention it before. Even Qinglong hadn't mentioned it to him personally.
"Senior, what does the Battle of the Great Era mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Immortal Tian Miao didn't hear Luo Zheng's question. He smiled faintly and said, "Hehe, perhaps it really is something destined by the heavens. I wanted to find a person with great destiny. I didn't expect that after waiting for more than two thousand years, I would actually find someone with the fate of the Battle of the Great Era!"
"Senior …" Luo Zheng was getting impatient. This guy was so mysterious, but Luo Zheng still didn't know what he was up to.
Unexpectedly, Immortal Heavenly Mist looked at Luo Zheng and suddenly said, "No, since you have such a fate, where is your guidance?"
Luo Zheng spread out his hands and said, "I don't know." At the same time, he cursed in his mind, "God knows what you're talking about."
The crystal ball that was protecting Immortal Heavenly Mist floated back and forth in front of Luo Zheng. It looked like a person who was pacing back and forth with his head lowered as he muttered softly, "Let me calculate, let me calculate … You have a younger sister!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and nodded. "Senior's foresight is amazing."
"Your sister is your guide! Where is she right now? "Immortal Heavenmist suddenly asked.
Hearing Immortal Heavenmist's words, Luo Zheng's heart began to beat wildly. That's right, this Immortal Tomb was built by this person, and Cui Xie was still inside. If he asked this person to kill Cui Xie …
Luo Zheng had never been afraid of any challenge. Even if it was Cui Xie, Luo Zheng had never been afraid. Even if he was a Life and Death expert, Luo Zheng would always walk down the path of martial arts courageously. Whether or not he could surpass someone wasn't a problem for him at all!
However, Cui Xie had kidnapped his younger sister. Against such a person, Luo Zheng simply wouldn't defeat him fair and square. As long as he could kill Cui Xie, Luo Zheng was willing to pay any price. After all, this was the only way to save Luo Yan.
Therefore, when he laid down the Sect Protecting Formation in the Cloud Hall, he also thought about killing Cui Xie. Unfortunately, Cui Xie seemed to have some kind of instinct to avoid danger, or perhaps some kind of innate talent. In the end, all his efforts were in vain, and he failed to kill Cui Xie!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it would take him a long time to defeat Cui Xie. During this period of time, with Cui Xie's luck, he could find an Extreme Purple Yin Body at any time. He could also obtain an opportunity or even break through at any time. At that time, whether or not the Sect Protecting Formation in the Cloud Hall could resist Cui Xie was still unknown.
If he could kill Cui Xie here, it would be the best thing. With Cui Xie's current strength, he definitely wouldn't be able to resist the powerful killing power!
Luo Zheng didn't care about the method to kill Cui Xie!
"Senior," Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "My younger sister's name is Luo Yan. She was kidnapped by an evil person. That evil person is in the Wheel of Fortune. Can Senior help me kill Cui Xie?" Luo Zheng stared intently at the cracked crystal ball with a burning gaze.
Immortal Heavenly Mist pondered for a moment, then replied indifferently, "Sorry, I can't do it."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Wheel of Fortune was something I set up two thousand years ago before I died … The first person to pass through the Wheel of Fortune will be automatically transported to this palace. The second, third, fourth … will all enter their respective channels and receive their rewards. My goal is to select the cultivator with the strongest Wheel of Fortune. I didn't think about killing anyone," Immortal Heavenly Mist explained. "The current me is already a wisp of a withered remnant soul. I'm already at death's door, and I don't have the ability to help you kill anyone. Even if that Cui Xie is only an ant in the Life and Death Realm to me."
"I understand." Luo Zheng's face flickered with disappointment.
Actually, at this moment, Immortal Heavenly Mist had lied. He could actually change the Wheel of Fortune to kill Cui Xie.
However, since Immortal Heavenly Mist was proficient in the Purple Star Astrology, he knew even more clearly that he couldn't interfere and help Luo Zheng kill Cui Xie. In his opinion, Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's guide, and also the driving force that guided Luo Zheng forward.
If Immortal Heavenly Mist destroyed this direction, then Luo Zheng would very likely be lost. This was the reason why Immortal Heavenly Mist didn't want to interfere.
Immortal Heavenly Mist thought for a moment, then said faintly, "Your opponent is a Life and Death Realm expert, and you're only at the seventh layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. It's not impossible to make up for this difference in a short period of time …"
"What method?" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. His deep pupils seemed to twinkle with the light of stars.
Immortal Heavenly Mist pondered for a while before revealing his true goal. "On the other side of the Great Thousand Realms, there's a continent that rivals your four Divine Realms. It's a land of chaos, and in the center of that land of chaos, there's a tower buried deep underground. It's called the Tower of Sin. Climb down to the very bottom, and by the time you return, you should be able to defeat Cui Xie."
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He had thought that there would be a quick way to defeat Cui Xie, but in the end, there were no shortcuts in this world.
The situation in the Central Domain might become very delicate. Cui Xie seemed to already be gathering people and starting to build his Divine Kingdom. This time, Luo Zheng had killed another Divine Kingdom Prince. He knew very well that the Divine Kingdom Saintess wouldn't let this matter rest.
If Luo Zheng stayed in the Central Domain to cultivate, he would indeed encounter many troubles. The biggest possibility was that if he walked out of the Cloud Hall's Sect-Protecting Formation, he would be hunted down by Cui Xie. As for gaining experience in the Central Domain, it was probably impossible. He could only bitterly cultivate in the Cloud Hall.
Under these circumstances, it would be very difficult for Luo Zheng to increase his cultivation base.
In fact, when he was in the Wheel of Fate, Luo Zheng had considered whether or not he should cross the Chaotic Astral Ocean to go to Divine Kingdom. Now, it seemed that he had angered the Saintess of Divine Kingdom and killed a Divine Kingdom Prince. Moreover … the Chaotic Astral Ocean was far from something Luo Zheng could cross.
Thus, Immortal Heavenly Mist's suggestion seemed to be worth considering. The problem was …
"What is your goal? Why do you want me to go? " Luo Zheng asked straightforwardly. Immortal Heavenly Mist had built this immortal tomb and spent a lot of effort to use the Wheel of Fate to find him. Luo Zheng didn't believe that Immortal Heavenly Mist didn't have a goal.
Immortal Heavenly Mist suddenly said righteously, "There is a huge secret hidden under the Tower of Sin. I need you to accept the inheritance in that secret."
"Why didn't you go back then?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Immortal Heavenly Mist let out a long sigh. "I can't go to that place … As for why, you will know when you go."
After saying this, the huge coffin behind Immortal Heavenly Mist suddenly shook. Soon after, the huge lid of the coffin slowly opened. Immortal Heavenly Mist then said, "This is the reward I plan to give to those who pass the Wheel of Fate. You are first, so you can freely choose the reward you want. En, as for the rewards for the people behind you, I'll let you distribute them."
Seeing the dazzling array of treasures in the coffin, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Let me distribute them?"
＝＝＝＝＝