Luo Zheng had originally thought that the coffin contained Immortal Heavenmist's remains. He hadn't expected that the coffin would actually contain a dazzling array of treasures. Moreover, they were being used as a reward ….
Just thinking about it made him feel a bit strange.
Since the Heavenmist Immortal Tomb had been set up to lure the cultivators of the Central Domain here, the tomb should have realized that the people who had entered the tomb were actually tomb raiders. Of course, that included Luo Zheng himself.
He didn't know what Immortal Heavenmist was thinking. Instead of directly killing these tomb raiders, he actually let them pass through the selection process of the Wheel of Fortune and even let them be rewarded.
"Why should I give them rewards? They all came here with the intention of raiding the tomb, "Luo Zheng said, not thinking otherwise.
Immortal Heavenmist said indifferently, "I mainly cultivate karma. I only know how to plant good karma and reap good karma. I lured them here, and some even died in the Wheel of Fortune. This bit of compensation is only right …."
Hearing Immortal Heavenmist's righteous words, Luo Zheng didn't think much of it. Since he mainly cultivated karma, then being killed because they raided the tomb was also a type of karma. However, since Immortal Heavenmist had decided on something, Luo Zheng didn't interfere. Instead, he walked towards the huge coffin.
Luo Zheng then saw several pieces of jade bone. Luo Zheng stared at the bone, then at the crystal ball.
"These aren't my bones. They're the jade bones of a divine beast …." Immortal Heavenmist knew what Luo Zheng was puzzled about.
Luo Zheng nodded. This Heavenmist Immortal Tomb wasn't his tomb. No matter how much he believed in karma, he couldn't give away his own bones as a gift.
As a reward, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate to choose the jade bones of a divine beast.
His most important goal in entering the tomb this time was to obtain the jade bones of an immortal and find a way to open his eighth dao platform. Now, it seemed that he couldn't obtain the jade bones of an immortal, but the jade bones of a divine beast shouldn't be too much of a problem, right?
As for the remaining treasures in the coffin, Luo Zheng identified them one by one, then asked, "How do I give them out?"
"There's a passageway on the side wall. When they pass through the Wheel of Karmic Luck, you can send them out. Someone is about to pass through. Hurry up," Immortal Heavenmist urged.
After Luo Zheng went around the coffin, he saw a light screen appear. This thing was similar to the letter tablets in the Central Domain. It could see the situation of the Wheel of Fortune. Beside this light screen was a small teleportation array. The treasures should be distributed through this array.
Seeing the situation in the abyss, Luo Zheng was taken aback.
Just now, when Luo Zheng passed the Wheel of Fortune, Ning Yudie was ranked second. But now, Ning Yudie was still in the same place. On the contrary, Cui Xie and the Saintess had caught up. At this moment, Cui Xie was very close to the finish line. It seemed that he was about to pass the test.
What reward should he give him?
Luo Zheng looked at the coffin with a gloomy face. Everything in the coffin was very valuable. There seemed to be a Saint-grade short sword.
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't give Cui Xie a Saint-grade short sword. After he picked up the short sword, he secretly stuffed it into his spatial ring. Then, he took out a low-grade profound artifact. Yes, this low-grade profound artifact was collected in the Central Domain in order to refine the Heaven's Divination Essence. At that time, he had used a top-grade true essence stone to collect almost all the low-grade profound artifacts in Apocalypse City.
At this moment, Luo Zheng noticed that Cui Xie's die showed a four. It seemed that Cui Xie had passed the Wheel of Fortune.
So, Luo Zheng casually threw the low-grade profound artifact short sword into the small teleportation array.
"Buzz buzz buzz!"
The short sword disappeared the moment it was thrown in.
Cui Xie's face was filled with a trace of pride. Although Luo Zheng had taken the lead and passed the Wheel of Fortune, it meant that Luo Zheng's fortune was indeed stronger than his. However, Cui Xie's fortune was not bad either. No one in the Central Domain could surpass him. As for Luo Zheng … he was not a threat to Cui Xie at this stage, but he would eliminate Luo Zheng sooner or later.
When he passed through the last disc and continued to teleport, he arrived at a corridor. There was a teleportation array at the corner of the corridor, and a treasure was placed on top of it.
"A reward?" Cui Xie's eyes flashed. He quickly walked forward and threw a short sword there.
"A low-grade profound artifact? What the hell is this? " Cui Xie's eyes almost popped out. Any random reward in the Wheel of Fortune was tens of millions of times better than this. This low-grade profound artifact … was simply trash to Cui Xie. How could such a thing appear in a dignified Immortal's Tomb?
Cui Xie did not know whether to laugh or cry. The expression on his face could not be described with words.
Luo Zheng stared at Cui Xie's expression on the hologram and sneered, "Robbing a tomb and expecting a reward? A profound artifact is already generous to you!"
Cui Xie probably felt that there was something mysterious about this profound artifact. He actually put it away and left the corridor. However, from his back view, it could be seen that Cui Xie was very disappointed.
Not far away, the wisp of remnant soul of Immortal Tian Miao saw this scene and did not know whether to laugh or cry. However, Luo Zheng was the person he had been waiting for. His last wish might be entrusted to this young man. Let him be …
Next, the third person to pass through the Wheel of Fortune was Xiao Die!
Every time they passed through the Wheel of Fortune, they would be sent back to the corridor. Therefore, Ning Yudie and Cui Xie would not meet.
"Netherworld Lantern Grass, Life-Death Flower, Sacred Artifact Sword, Dragon Cloud Immortal Root …"
Seeing that Immortal Tian Miao did not stop him, Luo Zheng threw down almost half of the coffin's contents.
"Hualala …"
After Ning Yudie passed the test, she walked through the corridor that she came from. She did not expect that she would suddenly hear the sound of something collapsing in front of her.
She turned a corner and was immediately frightened by the scene in front of her.
"So many treasures?" Ning Yudie was somewhat stunned.
"Life-Death Flower! There are Life-Death Flowers, and there are four of them! "The Life-Death Flower was the most important to Ning Yudie. It was also her biggest goal in this trip to the Immortal's Tomb!
"Sacred Artifact …"
"…"
The messy treasures in front of her piled up into a small mountain. The value of each item was no less than a low-grade sacred artifact. Ning Yudie almost did not hesitate. She stretched out her hand and put all these things into her Sumeru Ring. Only then did she leave with satisfaction.
Seeing Ning Yudie's satisfied appearance, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. He felt that he should greet Ning Yudie, but he suddenly did not want to say anything. He felt a little melancholy in his heart. He did not know how long it would take for him to return from this trip.
Three years? Or five years?
Luo Zheng gave him such a long time. He was not at ease with Luo Yan. However, if he wanted to grow to the level where he could contend with Cui Xie, he would not succeed in a day or two!
Next, the fourth person to pass the Wheel of Destiny appeared. This was the Saintess of Divine Kingdom. Seeing the Saintess of Divine Kingdom, Luo Zheng curled his lips. This woman had almost erased him! Therefore, Luo Zheng took out a low-grade profound artifact. It was a sledgehammer!
After throwing the sledgehammer into the transmission array, he immediately appeared in the corridor.
The Saintess of Divine Kingdom had a gloomy expression. How could she be happy about the death of the Divine Kingdom Prince? At the end of the corridor, she saw the sledgehammer.
"Profound artifact?"
Since she could remember, she had never seen such a low-grade artifact!
"What bullshit Immortal!"
The Saintess of Divine Kingdom seemed to want to vent her displeasure. She grabbed the sledgehammer and smashed it against the wall of the corridor. The wall was fine, but the sledgehammer broke into several pieces. This Saintess' temper was obviously not good …
Being scolded for no reason, Immortal Heavenly Mist felt very helpless. However, at this time, he was too lazy to care. He would let Luo Zheng deal with it himself.
Next, Luo Zheng threw down some junk for the martial artists of the other sects. If it was someone from the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng would choose some good treasures to throw down, such as Grandma Yu, Daoist Master Dameng, and the others. As for Mister Zhuo, he was lucky to not die in the Wheel of Destiny. Luo Zheng threw down a low-grade profound artifact as usual … In any case, everything depended on Luo Zheng's mood. As for whether everyone was happy or not, it had nothing to do with him.
There were fewer and fewer people in the Wheel of Destiny. Everyone returned to the outside of the Immortal Tomb through the corridor, waiting for their companions to enter the space channel again.
Luo Zheng kept looking at Ning Yudie's figure through the light screen. She seemed to be looking for him. Luo Zheng wanted to burn a Sound Transmitting Talisman, but in the end, he restrained himself. He only whispered to Xiao Die's figure on the light screen, "Wait for me."