After everyone left, the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb slowly quieted down.
In the immortal tomb, a huge wall slowly moved aside. Smoke and dust rose into the air, then slowly spread out, revealing a huge teleportation array.
This transfer array was ten times larger than any transfer array Luo Zheng had ever seen.
After the transfer array slowly opened, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and strode in.
At this moment, there were two tokens in Luo Zheng's spatial ring. The "Zhen" token in the Immortal Mansion could open the true path to the Immortal Mansion. Luo Zheng couldn't use it for the time being. Perhaps he would have to wait until Luo Zheng returned to the Eastern Domain before he could use it.
In addition, the remaining treasures in the huge coffin had been plundered clean by Luo Zheng.
The most important thing was the jade butterfly that Immortal Heavenly Mist had given to Luo Zheng. Up until now, Immortal Heavenly Mist's words had been somewhat vague. On one hand, he had told Luo Zheng that the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin was extremely important. It was even related to the rise and fall of the entire human race. On the other hand, he had refused to tell him what it was.
He only wanted Luo Zheng to understand that after entering the bottom of the Tower of Sin, there was a certain chance of opening the inheritance with the jade butterfly. However, that place was also extremely dangerous. Therefore, he had chosen someone with great luck to enter.
People with great luck had very tough lives. It was very difficult for them to die!
In fact, Luo Zheng had encountered danger everywhere. Being able to escape from a near-death situation was proof of his tough life.
"I've already told you everything I needed to tell you. Although you have the fate of a Battle of the Worlds, it doesn't mean that you won't die. It's just that it will be very difficult for you to die. In history, there have been martial artists with the fate of a Battle of the Worlds that have died. Therefore, you need to be careful. Everything will depend on your luck," Immortal Heavenly Mist said indifferently.
Luo Zheng nodded heavily.
His life decided not only his own fate, but also the fate of the entire Cloud Hall and Luo Yan.
Although Cui Xie couldn't break the Cloud Hall's barrier, it didn't mean that it couldn't be broken in the future. If Cui Xie found another warrior with the Extreme Violet Yin Body, the situation in the Central Domain would change dramatically. Moreover, Luo Zheng had a hunch that the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom wouldn't give up so easily.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's situation was not only critical, but also urgent!
"Are you ready?" Immortal Heavenmist asked.
"Yes." Luo Zheng confirmed again.
Then, rays of blazing white light poured down like mercury, flowing along the huge teleportation array, outlining a huge pattern. When those rays of light occupied the entire teleportation array, an intense radiance suddenly erupted!
"Huff huff huff …"
Luo Zheng felt a powerful force pulling on his body. It was as if a giant's hand had grabbed Luo Zheng and thrown him into the huge teleportation array above.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was surrounded by a dazzling blue light. This teleportation array was many times larger than the ones Luo Zheng had seen before. He was shuttling through the array at an extremely fast speed.
"It's a spatial storm again!"
Long-distance teleportation arrays would often have unstable areas. It was in these weak areas that violent spatial storms would occur.
The first time Luo Zheng encountered a spatial storm, he hid behind Shi Jingtian and comprehended a trace of the Law of Space.
Now, Luo Zheng naturally wasn't afraid of an ordinary spatial storm. His figure flashed, and he dove into the array like a nimble fish. These azure spatial storms didn't affect Luo Zheng at all.
The spatial storm in front of him was incomparably huge. Luo Zheng dove in and out of the ocean-like spatial storm with incomparable ease, feeling the Law of Space within.
Luo Zheng had comprehended the first layer of the Law of Space, but he could only cross short distances. The furthest he could go was about ten feet. If he wanted to go any further, he would need to comprehend the second layer of the Law of Space.
Originally, Luo Zheng wanted to comprehend the Law of Space in the second layer of the spatial storm. However, after entering the interior of the spatial storm, he discovered that the blue spatial storm was basically formed from the first layer of the Law of Space.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but feel disappointed that he couldn't comprehend the Law of Space. After wandering around for a while, Luo Zheng could only exit the blue spatial storm.
However, just as Luo Zheng emerged from the azure spatial storm, he was greeted by a large purple spatial storm!
"This is …"
The purple spatial storm contained veined patterns. The Law of Space contained within it was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly tightened. Before he could avoid it, he was pulled into the purple spatial storm.
"Crackle, crackle …"
The spatial storm emitted a terrifying power that tore at Luo Zheng's body.
"Pfff!"
Luo Zheng spat out a mouthful of blood. The layers of blood were instantly crushed by the purple spatial storm.
No matter how Luo Zheng struggled, his body was still bound by the purple spatial storm.
If his body hadn't attained the high-grade Immortal Rank, then he would have probably been torn into pieces by the spatial storm. But even if his body was barely able to resist the tearing of the spatial energy, it was still difficult to endure. As he slammed into the spatial storm, the injuries within his body grew more and more severe!
"Which layer of spatial storm is this? How can it be so powerful? " Luo Zheng's heart was also very tangled. He didn't expect to encounter such a powerful spatial storm in a transmission channel.
In this powerful spatial power, Luo Zheng finally slowly lost consciousness. His tough body quietly flowed along with the spatial storm …
An unknown amount of time passed.
On a continent extremely far away from the Tian Bei Territory, a huge vortex suddenly appeared in the sky. Rumbling sounds were constantly transmitted from the vortex. The birds and beasts hiding in the forest were constantly fleeing in all directions. They seemed to be extremely frightened by this strange phenomenon.
"Bang!"
A figure shot out from the vortex and fell heavily to the ground.
When the figure hit the ground, a violent smoke and dust suddenly rose. At the same time, a large pit was formed on the ground.
Luo Zheng lay motionless in the large pit. His eyes stared blankly at the sky.
That purple spatial storm was so powerful that even his high-grade Immortal Step body couldn't resist it!
Although Luo Zheng successfully passed through the spatial channel, his body was still seriously damaged. At this moment, he couldn't move at all. He could only open his eyes and stare blankly at the chaotic clouds formed by the spatial channel that was gradually dissipating in the sky …
"That's terrible …" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Lying in the large pit, Luo Zheng's line of sight was extremely narrow. He didn't even know where he was.
About two hours later, a small head suddenly poked out of the pit.
It was a little boy of eight or nine years old. The little boy looked strong and strong, but his eyes were very spirited.
Luo Zheng wanted to open his mouth to speak, but found that he couldn't even make a sound. As for circulating his True Essence, it was even more impossible.
"Ah Lian, look!" The little boy looked at Luo Zheng. There wasn't the slightest trace of fear in his eyes. It seemed that he was calling someone.
After a while, not far from the large pit, another eight or nine years old girl poked her head out. Her big eyes blinked twice, and her face showed a frightened expression. "He's still alive. I'm going to tell my father."
"Shh!" The little boy stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Don't tell your father. I'll give you something!"
The little girl asked curiously, "What is it?"
The little boy suddenly slid down from the edge of the large pit. He was very agile. After sliding to Luo Zheng's side, he stretched out his hand and took off a ring from Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly turned cold.
That ring was Ning Yudie's Sumeru Ring. Not to mention that it contained almost all of Luo Zheng's wealth, the ring itself was very important to Luo Zheng.
The problem was that Luo Zheng couldn't move right now. Even a child of a few years old couldn't resist. He could only watch the little boy climb up.
"It's for you," the little boy said with a smile.
"No! You stole other people's things! I'm going to tell your father! "Seeing this, the little girl got angry.
"How can you be like this? If you don't want it, then forget it!" The little boy said angrily. Then he turned his head and left the edge of the large pit.
Then the little girl followed him. Luo Zheng, who was lying in the large pit, heard the little girl say, "If you don't give it back, I'll tell your father!"