As the voices of the two children faded away, the surroundings became silent again. Luo Zheng didn't even have time to observe the surrounding scenery, let alone know where he was.
Luo Zheng was not very nervous about losing the Sumeru Ring. The Sumeru Ring had Luo Zheng's imprint, so ordinary people couldn't open it at all.
The two children just now should be the children of ordinary people, so there shouldn't be any powerful warriors in their families.
Now Luo Zheng's biggest problem was to recover his body. At the very least, he could move.
As time passed, the sky gradually darkened, and the surroundings were dark, immersed in the darkness.
After an unknown period of time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard footsteps. In addition to the footsteps, he also heard voices.
"Is this the place?"
"Yes, father!"
"Quick, let's go and have a look, but be careful."
Then Luo Zheng saw yellow flames appear at the edge of the big pit. He saw several burning torches and several middle-aged men.
"They are ordinary people," Luo Zheng thought indifferently.
One of them stuck his head out and asked, "Who are you?"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. How could he answer the question?
"Let's get him out first," another man said.
Then two middle-aged men climbed down along the edge of the big pit. One of them tied a rope to Luo Zheng's body, pulled the rope and shouted, "Pull!"
But the rope didn't move an inch.
"Why is he so heavy?" someone said in surprise.
Although Luo Zheng was eight feet tall, he wasn't tall and sturdy. According to their estimation, he was only a little more than 100 jin. There were four adults pulling the rope, but they couldn't pull Luo Zheng at all.
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng's body had been tempered. In addition, he had an immortal tool body. Whether it was the density of his flesh or bones, it was far higher than that of ordinary people. Naturally, he was much heavier than ordinary people.
In fact, during the process of cultivation, a martial artist's weight would constantly increase. Otherwise, their body would not be able to bear the weight of several million jin. Luo Zheng's body was much heavier than an ordinary martial artist's.
These people really knew how to think of a way. After a while, Luo Zheng heard someone suddenly lashing out with a whip, followed by the sound of horse hooves. The rope finally pulled Luo Zheng out of the pit.
The surroundings were pitch black, but the darkness wasn't a hindrance to Luo Zheng. After being cleansed by the tree sap, Luo Zheng's eyes could easily overcome the obstruction of the darkness.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was unable to move freely. He could only allow these people to place him on a handcart. Then, he heard four horses pulling him forward, swaying in front of him ….
After a while, Luo Zheng saw a group of tents from the corner of his eyes. They were built along a huge grassland. It was not a small tribe.
Luo Zheng felt a little relieved. It seemed that this was a settlement of a group of nomads.
"Friend, you can rest here." A middle-aged man bowed his head and said to Luo Zheng, "My son took this ring from you. I should return it to you." After saying this, the middle-aged man waved the sumeru ring in front of Luo Zheng. Then, he pulled the little boy in front of Luo Zheng and held the little boy's hand. "As for my son's theft, I have already taught him a lesson. Quickly apologize to this uncle."
"So, so sorry …" The little boy seemed to have cried for a long time. His voice was a little hoarse.
Luo Zheng saw purple bloodstains on the little boy's hand. In fact, Luo Zheng wanted to say that they didn't have to do this.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng couldn't make a sound … It was a little troublesome!
When those people walked out of the tent, only Luo Zheng was left lying on the bed alone.
For the whole night, Luo Zheng silently operated his True Essence.
In order to resist the purple space storm, Luo Zheng used up all the True Essence in his body. Now, he could only condense the essence of the world bit by bit.
Fortunately, his Dantian could operate. As the True Essence condensed little by little, it was like a purple mist slowly rotating in Luo Zheng's Dantian. Then, it followed the meridians in his body.
In the process of transmigration, Luo Zheng had been sucked into the purple spatial storm. A large amount of spatial energy had penetrated Luo Zheng's body. Even now, it was still lingering in Luo Zheng's eight extraordinary meridians.
If he was an ordinary warrior, he would be a waste.
However, Luo Zheng's physique was special. Although the meridians in his body were completely blocked by the space power, the inside of his body was not damaged. He only needed to clear the space power little by little.
However, clearing the space power was not an easy task. It required Luo Zheng to use a certain cultivation method.
After one night, Luo Zheng eliminated the space power in his entire spine. Although he still couldn't move his body, at least he could move his neck and speak.
Early in the morning, the tent was opened. It was the little girl who handed him a pancake and a bag of water.
Just as the little girl was about to feed the pancake to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his mouth and said with a smile, "What's your name?"
The little girl stared at Luo Zheng with her watery eyes. After being stunned for a while, she shouted outside, "Father, that strange man can speak!"
"Strange man?" Luo Zheng's face showed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
As soon as the little girl's voice fell, the tent was opened again. It was the middle-aged man who saved his life yesterday.
"Young man, you're awake?" The middle-aged man in the lead asked.
"Where is this place?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the middle-aged man also showed a strange expression. He asked in bewilderment, "This is the Demon Race's ranch. Don't you know?"
"Demon Race's ranch?" Luo Zheng's face showed a suspicious expression. "What do you mean?"
The middle-aged man showed a helpless smile. "A ranch is a ranch. What other meaning could it have?"
Luo Zheng's expression became even more suspicious.
Since this was the Demon Race's ranch, why were there human herdsmen?
Although the Demon Race was much better than the Yao Race, which was a pure beast race, and the Demon Race had their own language and cultural heritage, in the end, they were still a different race. How could they coexist peacefully with humans?
Moreover, according to Immortal Tian Miao, this continent was a chaotic world. It was even more impossible for such a thing to happen.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a shout from outside. "Sir Demon Envoy is here! Sir Demon Envoy is here. Every family, young and old, come out! "
The middle-aged man nodded to Luo Zheng and said, "Excuse me. Sir Demon Envoy has come to the ranch to pick people. According to the rules, we should all go out."
The tent's curtains were still open, so Luo Zheng could see the outside when he turned his head. He saw seven to eight hundred people standing together neatly on a field not far away. There were old, young, women, and children.
In front of these people, there were two tall Demon Race people. Their whole bodies were ash-brown, and they were about three meters tall. Two long fangs protruded from their mouths. These were the Sir Demon Envoys they were talking about.
Luo Zheng had seen a Demon Tribesman before. During the Trial of Blood and Fire, the Level 5 Phantom Beast that Luo Zheng had killed was a Demon Tribesman.
The two Sir Demon Envoys swayed left and right, then said in a thick voice, "Today is the birth of our Governor. We want to hold a big banquet. We want five people!"
The middle-aged man's face showed an awkward expression. "This, isn't five people a bit too much?"
"There's no room for discussion! Young ones, you, you, and you … Well, that little girl is not bad. Fresh and delicious! Bring her along as well! "That Lord Demon Envoy pointed with his hand.
When the middle-aged man heard the Sir Demon Envoy's words, his expression became even more awkward. "Sir Demon Envoy! This won't do! The Governor said that he doesn't want little girls. He doesn't want any before the age of fourteen! "
"Who cares about you? Today, the Governor is happy. He wants to eat two mouthfuls of the tender ones! Haha! "As he spoke, the Lord Demon Envoy threw out a rope and wrapped it around them.
The little girl wanted to escape, but how could she escape from the Sir Demon Envoy's rope? In an instant, she was tied up tightly.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly narrowed. His eyes revealed a trace of killing intent. He now understood that this was indeed the Demon Race's ranch. However, the grazers were not humans. Humans were just animals on the ranch.
＝＝＝＝＝