In the pastures of humans, cattle and sheep were animals. Cattle and sheep were raised in the pastures, and only when they grew fat would they be slaughtered for food.
In the pastures of the demon race, humans were animals. They were raised in the pastures, and only when they grew fat would they be slaughtered.
Immortal Tian Miao had once said that this continent was incomparably chaotic, and that humans were not the rulers of this continent. At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood how weak the humans were in this continent.
"Cough cough!"
Luo Zheng suddenly coughed.
The two demon envoys had very sharp ears. Turning their heads, they saw that there were other people in the tent not far away.
"How come there is still a human who hasn't come? Didn't I tell you to stay together? "The demon envoys asked in surprise.
The middle-aged man replied, "Demon Envoys, that is an outsider."
"An outsider? From another pasture? "One of the demon envoys took large strides towards Luo Zheng.
Lying on the mattress, Luo Zheng was unable to move, but his eyes were coldly staring at that demon. Traces of killing intent were constantly brewing in his eyes.
In the Central Domain, it was almost the world of humans. Luo Zheng had always fought with humans, but in this continent, Luo Zheng suddenly had a great sense of identity with the human race. This was the true interpretation of the saying 'those who are not of our race must have a different heart'.
"Well, this kid seems to be seriously injured. Today, count him in." The demon envoys threw away Luo Zheng's tent, then took out a rope and threw it towards Luo Zheng's head.
Just as the rope was thrown, Luo Zheng's soul suddenly shot out from his mind. In a flash, it penetrated into the demon envoys mind and tore apart his soul, twisting his mind to pieces.
Everyone saw the demon envoys holding the rope in his hand. Suddenly, his whole body shook, and then he stood there in a daze, motionless.
The demon's back was facing them. In fact, brown blood was already flowing out of the demon's eyes. This demon was already dead.
A gentle breeze blew past, and the Demon Race being was sent flying backward. With a thump, his tall body crashed heavily onto the ground.
When the other Lord Demon Envoy saw this, he was shocked. "What's going on?"
The humans also looked at each other, not knowing what had happened. Why was the Lord Demon Envoy lying on the ground?
The remaining Demon Envoy pulled out a three meter long spear and walked towards Luo Zheng. His face was full of vigilance. When he saw that his companion on the ground was dead, he pointed his spear at Luo Zheng and asked, "Human, what happened?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a touch of sarcasm. He replied indifferently, "I killed him."
"You killed him?" The Demon Envoy's face was full of disbelief.
This human looked so weak, how could he kill a demon?
Demons were naturally stronger than humans. Even in their infancy, they could easily tear humans to shreds. In the eyes of these demons, humans were indeed no different from docile sheep. The only difference was that sheep couldn't speak.
"Whether you believe me or not, it doesn't matter to me. You can also die." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and his soul left his body again, instantly strangling the soul of the Lord Demon Envoy.
"Thump." The Lord Demon Envoy also fell to the ground.
Looking at the two corpses not far away from him, Luo Zheng frowned. Not far away, the seven or eight hundred people were all trembling.
The middle-aged man in the lead gathered his courage and walked over. Looking at the two Lord Demon Envoys lying on the ground, he said with a trembling voice, "I saved you, why did you kill them?"
Luo Zheng frowned, "They wanted to eat you, they wanted to eat me, so naturally they deserved to die."
"This, how did they deserve to die? The Demon Race gave us this large pasture, so we should also offer ourselves to them. "The middle-aged man said seriously.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was speechless.
Being a human being, it was better to be reincarnated as a pig. If not for the fact that Luo Zheng was too lazy to kill the innocent, he would have had the impulse to kill this guy.
"Yes, yes, the Demon Race is good to us. In the dead of winter, they even send us food. How can we disobey them?"
"If we kill the two Lord Demon Envoys, I'm afraid all of us will die!"
"Clearly, only five people need to die, but now several hundred will die. What should we do?"
These people seemed to agree with the middle-aged man's point of view.
Luo Zheng's frown deepened. These people had been raised in captivity for a long time, and seemed to really think of themselves as livestock of the Demon Race. The problem was that livestock didn't have brains. Could it be that these people also didn't have brains?
Looking at these people's helplessness, Luo Zheng simply closed his eyes. It was better to focus on opening his meridians.
Unexpectedly, at this time, a person suddenly came out and said, "Father, I also think he's right. Why should we give them food? Just because this pasture belongs to the Demon Race? "
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. He saw a teenager standing in front of the middle-aged man, holding a sharpened wooden stick.
"What do you know? Our ancestors have lived here for generations. Every year, we only need to contribute a few people, and our community can live very well. If we don't give them food, how can our tribe survive? " The middle-aged man lectured. Looking at the Demon Race people lying on the ground, he began to sigh, "Now that two Demon Race people have died, I'm afraid they will kill all of us …"
"Don't tell me you didn't think of resisting?" The teenager's eyes were full of anger.
"Resist? Resist the Demon Race? "The middle-aged man stared," Isn't that just death? "
"Either way, we will die. Why should we be lambs waiting to be slaughtered?" The teenager said stubbornly.
Hearing the teenager's words, Luo Zheng was slightly relieved. It turned out that not all humans were like this.
These humans should be food raised in captivity by the Demon Race people, but after all, humans were intelligent creatures. It was impossible for them to be like cattle and sheep, who only knew how to struggle after a knife was placed on their necks. After a long time, there would always be people who had a rebellious heart.
Unfortunately, the strength of these humans was too weak …
"Teenager, what's your name?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"My name is Tutu Lu!" The teenager replied. Probably because he had seen Luo Zheng kill two Demon Envoys in the blink of an eye, the teenager was very respectful towards Luo Zheng.
"I will teach you how to resist," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Really?" Tutu Lu's face revealed a look of expectation, "You will teach me that … demonic technique?"
Probably because he saw Luo Zheng kill two Demon Race people without lifting a finger, he thought that Luo Zheng had used some kind of demonic technique.
Luo Zheng said indifferently, "No, this is not demonic technique, this is strength. Will these Demon Race people come again?"
"Yes, they will!" Tutu Lu replied.
"Very good, you just watch from the side," Luo Zheng ordered.
As for the other people, they also didn't know what to do. Their ancestors had lived in this ranch for generations, and being eaten by the Demon Race people was almost the end of their lives. Although there were some people in the tribe who wanted to resist, they simply couldn't resist the Demon Race people. Those people generally died faster.
After discussing back and forth, they couldn't come up with a solution. Eventually, they gave up and ignored Luo Zheng.
On the other hand, the teenager named Tutu Lu held a sharp wooden stick in his hand and guarded Luo Zheng.
During this time, Luo Zheng was constantly expelling the power of space in his body.
Several hours later, Luo Zheng felt a tremor coming from the ground. He raised his head slightly and saw a group of Demon Race people riding tall horses rushing over! Those tall horses were almost two zhang tall, and their eyes were red. Obviously, they were not ordinary horses.
"What's going on? Where's the leader here? " It was a group of Demon Race people. There were about ten of them. The leader was wearing a heavy helmet and had spikes on his shoulders. He looked very mighty.
"No need to look for the leader. I killed these two wastes," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"You!" The leader of the Demon Race people dismounted from his horse and looked at the two Demon corpses in front of Luo Zheng. His ugly face showed a strange expression. "You killed Geng and Jin Si?"
Tutu Lu stood behind Luo Zheng, holding a sharp wooden stick in his hand. His face was full of vigilance.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded lightly. In fact, the only part of his body that could move was his head.
"Haha, these humans dare to resist. This is interesting. Take him back!" The leader of the Demon Race people waved his hand and said.