In the eyes of the demons, humans were indeed no different from cattle, sheep, and other animals. The only difference was that the meat of humans was more tender, and their reproduction cycle was too long, so it was more troublesome to raise them.
Therefore, the demons generally didn't slaughter humans. Only during grand festivals would they slaughter a part of them to celebrate.
Every time the demons held a festival, it was also the doomsday of the humans in the ranch. At that time, they would often slaughter a dozen people.
Occasionally, there would be humans who would resist, but that kind of resistance was nothing more than a symbolic resistance. It could also be called a desperate near-death resistance. This kind of humans, on the contrary, provoked the demons even more, and often caused them to die even more miserably!
Luo Zheng's eyes were still as calm as water.
In the eyes of the demons, Luo Zheng was just a sheep that could bite people.
But in the eyes of Luo Zheng, these ten feet tall demons were just like ants.
As these demons approached step by step, the young man called Tutulu at his side clenched the wooden stick in his hand. His excessive nervousness made him constantly tremble. Tutulu had the courage to resist in the bones of humans, but he didn't have the strength.
When the demons approached, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly, and the soul in his mind directly left his body. Then, the soul turned into a curved blade and swept across.
Without a sound, his soul had already entered the minds of many Demon Clansmen, shattering their souls into pieces.
"Plop, plop, plop … …"
The bodies of these demons suddenly shook, and then their bodies stiffened, and they fell to the ground.
In an instant, these demons were exterminated. Luo Zheng's expression didn't change in the slightest. He raised his head and glanced at the leader of the demons in the distance, and then closed his cold eyes.
But Tutulu, who was beside Luo Zheng, was different.
Tutulu was very close to Luo Zheng. Facing six or seven demons, he was already prepared to die. In his little mind, it was better to fight to the death with the demons than to be eaten by them!
But the scene just now … …
The young man beside him, with just a glance, killed these demons in the blink of an eye!
This was the means of a god! This immobile young man must be a god sent by the heavens!
Tutulu's chest heaved up and down. He was extremely excited. What kind of honor was it to be able to stand beside God?
Luo Zheng didn't know why Tuturu was so excited. What he needed to do now was to focus on expelling the troublesome Space Force in his body, or at least let his body move.
According to Immortal Tian Miao, this continent was also a main continent. It was definitely much larger than the Central Domain and should be comparable to the continents where the four Divine Kingdoms were located. Naturally, there would be Demon Race experts there. Before those Demon Race experts arrived, Luo Zheng had to restore his body to its peak state.
Not far away, the leader of the Demon Clan stared blankly at Luo Zheng. For the first time, it felt fear. This kind of fear was very strange to it. Why would a human be afraid of a sheep?
However, in the face of a sheep that could kill a group of people with a single glance, even a normal person would be afraid. This was probably how the demon leader felt at this moment.
"Demon, demon …"
The leader of the Demon Race mounted his horse and fled as fast as he could.
It was a bit regretful. Luo Zheng originally planned to deal with the leader of the Demon Clan as well. Unfortunately, it was too far away from him and he couldn't move his body, so he couldn't kill it.
Forget it, I'd better be able to move as soon as possible.
After expelling the Space Force in his spine, Luo Zheng started expelling the Space Force in his legs. Being unable to move was a big problem for Luo Zheng, but it was also a problem that needed to be solved first.
Right at this moment, Tutulu suddenly knelt down in front of him.
Those people who kept coming out of the tents also knelt down in front of Luo Zheng.
Being able to kill these demons in an instant, to these humans who grew up in captivity, he was already a god-like existence. Perhaps in their minds, Luo Zheng was already a god.
No one was willing to be eaten by others. Perhaps giving up a few people in their clan every year in exchange for the continuation of their clan was also a kind of instinct.
But Luo Zheng's strength made them see the light of dawn …
Perhaps, Luo Zheng was a god sent down by the Heavens to save them.
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to them. In fact, he didn't have much time. He was very clear that the opponents he would face would become stronger and stronger, so he had to recover as soon as possible!
Two hours later, his legs finally regained feeling. Luo Zheng turned over slightly, no longer lying on the ground, but sitting upright.
Two hours later, his hands also regained feeling. At the same time, Luo Zheng took out a medicinal pill from the sumeru ring on his chest and swallowed it. When passing through the purple space storm, in addition to leaving a lot of Space Force in his body, there were also many internal injuries.
Three hours later …
Luo Zheng saw a black line appear on the distant grassland.
He squinted slightly and recognized that those black lines were countless demons swarming over.
"Over a thousand demons?" Luo Zheng faintly narrowed his eyes.
Although Luo Zheng walked the path of the Sword of Slaughter, he hadn't killed too many people so far. The people he had killed were usually people who deserved to die.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the demons in front of him were different races.
"Since you all want to die, then turn into my infernal energy," Luo Zheng faintly said.
When the humans saw this scene, they fled behind Luo Zheng, looking at Luo Zheng from afar.
Although they believed that Luo Zheng was a god, could he defeat so many demons by himself? These people weren't too sure in their hearts, but God created miracles. In their ignorant hearts, there was still intense anticipation.
"Ha!" Among the demons, there was a demon wearing a golden helmet and golden armor. He suddenly let out a roar, and then all the demons reined in their tall horses, looking at Luo Zheng from 200 feet away.
"Human, you come from the Purple Heart Holy Land?" The leader of the demons asked in a gloomy tone.
Purple Heart Holy Land? Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose. There was a Holy Land on this continent? And from the tone of this demon, it seemed to be a Holy Land established by humans. Perhaps … the status of humans on this continent wasn't as low as Luo Zheng imagined.
Luo Zheng faintly shook his head, his face silent, "You don't need to know where I come from."
"Haha, I have no interest in knowing where you come from. Since you're not from the Purple Heart Holy Land, I have no scruples! A little seventh step warrior actually sneaked into the Ranch to kill my people. You're really tired of living! "After the leader finished speaking, he waved his hand, and over a thousand demons rushed towards Luo Zheng in a row!
Seventh step warrior?
Luo Zheng's gaze slightly narrowed. Only then did he understand that the seventh step warrior referred to the seventh layer of the Divine Reflection Realm. It seemed that the names of realms on this continent were slightly different, or it could be said that this was the name of the demons.
Facing the surging demons, Luo Zheng didn't retreat. Instead, he slowly walked forward.
At this moment, the soul of the Battle Soul Realm revealed an extremely strong killing power. In fact, using his soul to crush the other party's soul was even easier than using his cultivation base!
All the demons who approached Luo Zheng trembled and fell from their horses.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng didn't even raise his hands. He just silently strolled among the thousands of demons.
There was also a very valiant demon who rushed towards Luo Zheng with a thick mace. Even though Luo Zheng instantly erased his soul, the demon still swung his mace at Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng, who was sent flying by the mace, climbed up from the ground unscathed. Like a god of death taking a stroll, he continued to walk forward slowly.
The humans behind Luo Zheng all covered their mouths, their eyes filled with shock. Tutu Lu's face was covered in tears as he shouted emotionally, "God, he's a god!"
The demons were also living creatures. All living creatures in the world were instinctively afraid of death. Although the demons were valiant and brave, they were also afraid of death.
All the demons who approached Luo Zheng died strangely. How could the other demons dare to rush over? They all reined in their horses and moved to the sides to avoid Luo Zheng.
The demon army, which was originally like a flood, seemed to have hit a reef at this moment, and was separated by Luo Zheng alone.
In front of Luo Zheng was the demon in golden armor.
This demon was the commander of this demon army. In the eyes of this commander, Luo Zheng's cultivation base wasn't very strong. At the same time, he also saw that Luo Zheng was using a soul attack.
The demon commander hesitated for a moment, then rushed towards Luo Zheng without hesitation!
The demons weren't good at soul attacks. In this chaotic continent, every race had to strengthen themselves according to their own shortcomings. Therefore, the demon commander had a secret treasure that could resist soul attacks!
As long as this boy's soul attack was ineffective against him, he would be at his mercy. This was the demon commander's only thought when he rushed towards Luo Zheng.