Facing the mountain-like Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan, Luo Zheng still stood there without moving.
When the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan reached Luo Zheng, a red Vital Spirit suddenly erupted from his body. He jumped down from his horse and swung the long spear in his hand, fiercely whipping at Luo Zheng with the force of millions of catties.
Facing this spear, Luo Zheng still didn't dodge, letting the front end of the long spear hit his body.
The power driven by Vital Essence was so fierce that this spear might be able to collapse a small mountain.
"Die!"
At this moment, the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan completely vented his anger. This strange human boy in front of him had actually killed more than half of his soldiers.
However, at the moment when the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan whipped him, Luo Zheng's soul once again shot out from between his eyebrows and rushed into the Commander in Chief's mind at a speed that couldn't be detected by the naked eye.
The moment his soul touched the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan, a pale yellow protective cover suddenly flashed on the Commander in Chief's body.
"A treasure that can resist soul attacks? Unfortunately, its grade is too low … "A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng estimated that the treasure that the Commander in Chief of the Demon Clan used to resist soul attacks was only a high-grade spiritual weapon. If this treasure was a high-grade immortal weapon or a sacred weapon, it might be able to resist Luo Zheng's soul attack. However, it was just a spiritual weapon. In front of Luo Zheng's War Soul Realm soul, it was like a piece of paper.
"Kacha!"
"Pa!"
Two sounds came at the same time. The first sound was the shattering of the pale yellow protective cover. The protective cover didn't hinder Luo Zheng's soul at all and shattered like an eggshell. Then, Luo Zheng's soul entered the Commander in Chief's mind and directly destroyed his fragile soul.
The second sound came from the long spear of the Devil Clan's commander-in-chief hitting Luo Zheng's body. The Devil Clan was originally good at strength, not to mention that this spear was driven by Vital Spirit, which was full of explosive power. When it hit Luo Zheng's body, the sound of it exploding was like a giant firecracker, deafening.
Soon after, Luo Zheng's body shot backwards like a kite with a broken string, cutting a thousand feet long and ten feet deep ditch in the grassland!
"Your strength is not bad," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Then, with a kick of his legs, he did a hard somersault in the air and jumped out of the gully, shaking off the soil on his body.
The power of space in Luo Zheng's body had not been completely expelled. Only his legs and hands could move, but his movements were still very stiff, which was why he looked very strange.
The Devil Race Commander-In-Chief, who had pulled out the spear towards Luo Zheng, was like a clay sculpture, standing in the same place, motionless.
All the Devil Clan soldiers were silent as they looked at their commander-in-chief. At this moment, they did not know what had happened. They only knew that their commander-in-chief seemed to have been immobilized!
A gust of wind blew on the grassland, and the huge body of the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief fell to the ground with a "clang".
"The commander-in-chief is dead …"
"The commander-in-chief was promoted to a tenth-order fighter this year, but he actually died in the hands of that human boy!"
"That boy is not human, he is the incarnation of a demon!"
"The commander-in-chief's strongest blow just now, even a Rumbling Thunder Rhino would have its bones broken, but this human boy is actually fine!"
The death of the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief had already frightened all the Devil Clan soldiers. What made them even more frightened was that Luo Zheng was completely unharmed after taking such a powerful blow from the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief. In the simple minds of many Devil Clan soldiers, this was completely incomprehensible.
For Luo Zheng, these Devil Clan soldiers were just moths flying into the fire. No matter how many came, they would all die.
Although they were simple-minded, they were unwilling to die for no reason. After the death of the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief, they all turned their horses around and dispersed in a hubbub.
The fierce army of over 1,000 Devil Clan soldiers only left corpses all over the ground. Additionally, no wounds could be seen on any of the corpses.
"He resisted the Devil Clan's army alone …"
"He's our True God …"
All the humans behind him knelt down and prostrated themselves on the ground. Except for the little girl and the little boy, they hid in the corner and looked at Luo Zheng with curious eyes. They didn't know much about Luo Zheng except that he was a very powerful figure.
"Those Devil Clan soldiers have all been killed by me. They won't come back for the time being. You can choose to escape," Luo Zheng suggested to them.
According to Luo Zheng's inference, these Devil Clan soldiers should be a garrison of some Devil Clan force. He killed the Devil Race Commander-In-Chief. That Devil Clan force would inevitably send Devils to investigate. Even if Luo Zheng was confident in his own strength, it was impossible for him to overturn a force by himself.
"We're not going anywhere!"
"We only follow the True God!"
"Yes, only the True God can guide us!"
These humans only reproduced in the pasture designated by the Devil Clan. They didn't even know where they were, nor did they know how the humans in the outside world lived. It was precisely because of their ignorance that they were so foolish to regard Luo Zheng as a God-like figure.
For Luo Zheng, this was indeed a very troublesome matter.
His goal in coming to the Chaotic Continent was the Tower of Sin. At first, Luo Zheng felt pity for these humans because they were of the same race. But how could he have the Cultivation Method to take care of them? Besides, even if Luo Zheng wanted to protect these humans, he might not be able to.
However, he wouldn't hesitate on such matters. Thus, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Since that's the case, let's leave this place together."
Although the life or death of these people had nothing to do with Luo Zheng, he wasn't a completely cold-blooded person.
Luo Zheng's words were like an oracle to these humans!
They were originally a nomadic race. In this massive Devil Clan pasture, they were constantly migrating, just like a flock of sheep. Soon, these people packed up their tents and belongings and began to set out.
Before they set out, that person and two other robust men pushed a cart over for Luo Zheng to sit on.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse. Next, he had to completely clear the power of space within his body and restore his body to its peak state. In addition, there was an even more important matter, and that was to open the dao platform.
After refining the body to a certain degree, one would need to open the dao platform. The dao platform had eight layers, and each layer was incomparably difficult. The key point was that the Crimson Dragon had promised him that if he opened the dao platform, it would teach him a transcendent divine might!
The axle of the cart continued to turn. Luo Zheng sat cross-legged on the bumpy cart, true essence roiling within his body.
After spending half a day, Luo Zheng had finally completely expelled the power of space from his body. Then, he pressed the spatial ring on his chest and a jade bone appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
At first, Luo Zheng had wanted to enter the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb. His goal had been to obtain the immortal jade bone and use it to open the eight layers of dao platforms. It was only then that he realized that the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb was actually a place where Immortal Heaven Mist selected those with great destiny.
He didn't have the immortal jade bone, but he did have the jade bone of a God Beast.
Immortal Heaven Mist had told him that this jade bone was the skeleton of a 'Cloud Chasing Lion'. The treasures within the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb were all comparable to saint artifacts; none of them were too bad.
The Cloud Chasing Lion was a close relative of the super God Beast Kirin. However, the Cloud Chasing Lion wasn't a super God Beast, only an ordinary God Beast. Even so, for the current Luo Zheng, it should be enough. It was impossible for him to use the skeleton of a super God Beast to temper his body.
The eight dao platforms that he would open were the Hundred Meeting Platform, Divine Gate Platform, Wind Gate Platform, Sea of Aura Platform, Clear Spirit Platform, Sea of Reflection Platform, as well as the 'Life Platform' and 'Death Platform'.
Although Luo Zheng's body had been tempered and astral essence had formed within his body, he was still stuck at the eighth level of the Dao Platforms. This was also the reason why the Crimson Dragon had told him to open the eighth level of the Dao Platforms before teaching him a transcendent divine might.
Gently holding the jade bone, Luo Zheng's violent astral essence slowly gushed out from his body.
Astral essence and true essence were two completely different things.
True essence was like a mass of fog. Even if one was at the Life and Death realm, their true essence would only become thicker and finer.
But astral essence was much more viscous and flowed very slowly. Moreover, astral essence completely relied on a martial artist's body to produce it; it couldn't rely on heaven and earth origin energy to transform it. Thus, it couldn't be infinitely replenished.
As the astral essence sank into the jade bone, Luo Zheng heard the fierce roar of a lion in his ears. His complexion suddenly changed.
＝＝＝＝＝