This lion's roar came from the fierce nature of the Cloud Chasing Lion in the jade bone.
Even a Flood Dragon, a creature close to a Mythological Beast, could preserve its fierce nature for a long time in its bones. Not to mention, this Cloud Chasing Lion was a genuine Mythological Beast, a close relative of another powerful Mythological Beast, the Qilin.
When Luo Zheng's Vital Essence soaked into the jade bone, it activated the fierce nature of the jade bone.
Just as the lion's roar erupted, Luo Zheng immediately urged his Vital Essence to wrap around the jade bone, suppressing the fierce nature of the jade bone.
Even under Luo Zheng's suppression, the lion's roar was suppressed by 99%, but a weak sound was still transmitted.
The several hundred people around Luo Zheng looked at each other in dismay, their faces deathly pale. Those with weaker constitutions were even trembling, their legs giving way as they sat on the ground.
"Fortunately," Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief. If the fierce nature of the jade bone really erupted, none of these ordinary people would have survived.
After soaking the jade bone with his Vital Essence, Luo Zheng began to refine the jade bone, constantly absorbing its essence.
Eight Dao Pillars, one had to forge eight Dao Pillars in the body. Luo Zheng was now using the essence of the jade bone to forge the Baihui Platform!
Bit by bit, the jade bone essence was constantly absorbed by Luo Zheng. A milky white mist appeared between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, and within that white mist, one could faintly see the Dao Pillar slowly forming.
After absorbing the entire jade bone, the Baihui Platform between his eyebrows still did not open.
The eighth Dao Pillar was not a low threshold for a Body Refiner. Even if Luo Zheng used the jade bone of a Mythological Beast to open the Dao Pillar, it would not be so easy.
One jade bone was not enough. Luo Zheng took out another jade bone from his spatial ring. This time, Luo Zheng was much more careful. He first wrapped the jade bone with his Vital Essence to prevent the fierce nature of the Cloud Chasing Lion from leaking out.
As each jade bone was refined by Luo Zheng, the mist on the Baihui Platform between his eyebrows gradually dissipated. If Luo Zheng closed his eyes and looked inside himself, he would see a white Dao Pillar towering over him.
At this moment, the Vital Essence that was evenly spread throughout Luo Zheng's body began to slowly gather towards the Baihui Platform, slowly and uniformly revolving.
The Baihui Platform was the foundation of the eight Dao Pillars. After forging the Baihui Platform, the speed of Vital Essence production would multiply.... and the eight Dao Pillars within a Body Refiner each had their own functions. Once all of them were opened, they would be able to fight with Life and death experts, just with Vital Essence....
..............................................
. During this process, Luo Zheng had already traveled quite a distance on the handcart.
The scenery on this continent was completely different from the scenery in the Central Domain. After leaving the ranch, everything was dark. The soil, the mountains, and the plants were all black, giving people a very depressing feeling.
Along the way, they didn't encounter any Devil Race people. They didn't even see any living creatures, which made Luo Zheng very surprised.
But the quieter it was, the more dangerous it was. Luo Zheng also understood this principle. He even vaguely felt that there were living creatures spying on them in the dark. There was more than one of them, and they came from all directions.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's soul had become very sensitive after stepping into the War Soul Realm. If it was before, he wouldn't have been able to feel these spies.
"What's going on? Even if the Devil Race experts are spying on us, why aren't they doing anything? "Luo Zheng's doubts grew stronger and stronger.
However, this was his first time on this continent, and he was unfamiliar with this place. He didn't have the slightest understanding of the powers on this continent. He was in a completely ignorant state. Right now, he could only lead this group of people and take one step at a time.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the powers spying on him were also puzzled.
This was because the place Luo Zheng had arrived at through the long-distance teleportation array was originally a very strange place.
This was the northeast corner of the Chaotic Continent, and the name of this area was called the Heavenly Eagle Prairie. Originally, the Heavenly Eagle Prairie was a fertile land. Ten thousand years ago, humans had taken root here, and once had a flourishing civilization. However, on the Chaotic Continent, humans weren't the rulers. Until now, it was still in the stage of hundreds of races fighting for hegemony. Various races fought and fought against each other, and it was extremely chaotic.
Five thousand years ago, the flames of war of the Devil Race spread and destroyed the civilization established by humans. Now, in this area, other than the Devil Race, there were also human forces and another large race!
After thousands of years of fighting, the three races didn't give an inch of land to each other. In the end, each of them established their own strongholds, and formed a delicate balance, which led to the current situation.
And Luo Zheng, with these several hundred people, was in the middle of these three races!
Because the three races kept each other in check, the Heavenly Eagle Prairie hadn't had a war for more than ten years. The chaotic situation had been suppressed for a time, so the three races had developed around their own territory.
But what no one expected was that at the edge of the Devil Race's territory, an inexplicable human suddenly appeared in a pasture that was originally used to raise humans. With his strength alone, he slaughtered over a thousand Devil Race soldiers, and after killing a Devil Race military governor, he majestically led a group of people on his way … …
By the time the Devil Race forces reacted, Luo Zheng had already led his people into that delicate triangular area!
A hundred miles away from Luo Zheng, two Devil Race generals stood on top of an unbroken city wall. These two Devil Race generals had puzzled expressions on their faces.
"That human boy, where did he come from?"
"Our subordinates reported that he seemed to have suddenly appeared in the pasture. It's said that on that day, someone saw a huge cloud of origin energy, which seemed to contain the fluctuations of a spatial passageway!"
"Taking away some captive humans is a trivial matter. I'm just afraid that the boy is hiding some scheme."
"Although humans are weak, they've always been crafty. I think we should stop him!"
"But the place he's at is too sensitive. If we make a move, the humans will probably make a move. Not only that, the Demon Night Clan won't be able to hold back either!"
The two Devil Race generals were very hesitant. In the end, one of them said, "Let's report this matter to the Venerable. That boy is walking very slowly with a group of ordinary people. We still have time to consider."
Walking with a group of ordinary people, Luo Zheng's speed was indeed shockingly slow. Perhaps Luo Zheng wouldn't need an incense stick's worth of time to cover a distance of a hundred miles, but these several hundred people would need several days and nights to cover that distance.
Two hundred miles away from Luo Zheng, in another direction, there were three humans who were also puzzled.
The three of them were wearing armor and were generals in the army. One of them, a middle-aged man with a full beard, was sitting on the top of a fort. He chuckled and said, "I say, where did that guy come from? He's clearly only a seventh rank fighter, but he actually went to the pasture of the Demon Race and kidnapped a few hundred people. What is he trying to do? "
"Who cares if he dies? It's ridiculous. In any case, we'll just pretend that we didn't see anything. It wasn't easy for us to enjoy ten years of peace. If we show up, we'll probably fight," said another human coldly.
"No, I have to report this matter to my father. This matter is indeed rather strange. We can't decide on our own. No matter where that boy came from, he's still a human." The last person to speak was a handsome young man with silver hair and a pair of eyes that flickered with a green light.
The middle-aged man with a full beard shook his head. "We definitely have to report this matter. But the biggest problem is that that boy is heading towards the Night Demon Clan. That's the biggest problem …"
The three races were paying close attention to Luo Zheng's group.
On the first day, they walked forty miles.
On the second day, they walked forty five miles.
On the third day, they walked thirty miles.
On the fourth day, an arrow as thick as an arm suddenly shot out from ten miles away, whistling through the air.
That huge arrow was made from the bones of a Vicious Beast, and the blade flickered with extremely peculiar runes.
The bone arrow that was shot from afar was not aimed at anyone. Instead, it was shot in front of Luo Zheng. Half of the arrow was buried in the ground.