Such amazing archery skills, yet it landed right in front of Luo Zheng. There was no doubt that this was a warning.
If Luo Zheng continued to lead people forward, the arrow would not hit the ground, but Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng was hesitating, a black tree not far away flashed with a green light, and then with a shake, its thick roots pulled out from the ground and slowly walked towards Luo Zheng.
When the others saw this scene, they panicked and hid behind Luo Zheng.
But Luo Zheng was very calm. It was not the first time he had seen a walking plant. Luo Zheng had seen one on the road of the Trial Taker, but it was not this big.
The tree slowly walked towards Luo Zheng, waving its thick branches, and then said in an ancient voice, "Human, leave here. The place ahead is not a place you can go."
It was still a warning, but it seemed that he had to change directions …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. If he was alone, he would be free to fly. Why would he need to move slowly on the ground?
Just as this thought was born, a dull voice suddenly sounded behind Luo Zheng, "Boy, I think you should stay!"
Luo Zheng turned his head and saw hundreds of demons suddenly appear behind him.
Most of these demons were about the same strength as the commander-in-chief, and two of them were abnormally powerful. The one who just spoke was one of them.
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face as he looked at the two demons. "Why did you stay?"
"Either stay or die," the demon said in a deep voice, "You are just a fighter of the seventh step, you don't have the ability to struggle!"
Luo Zheng was very curious about the hierarchy of this continent, so Luo Zheng asked, "If I am a fighter of the seventh step, then what are you?"
"I am not a fighter, I am a fighter, a fifth-step fighter!" the demon replied.
"Is that so?" A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. The Vital Spirit in his body suddenly erupted, and his speed reached the extreme in the blink of an eye. This was the advantage of refining one's body. It allowed one to erupt in a very short time!
Luo Zheng's figure was like a ghost. He covered the distance of several hundred feet in the blink of an eye. He arrived in front of the demon in an instant. Then, his body heavily crashed into the demon!
As a rank eight battle general, that demon clansman's reaction could not be said to be slow. The problem was that the demon clansmen had always been known for their tyrannical fleshly bodies. No human dared to go head to head with a demon clansman. That was purely an egg hitting a rock, courting death!
Watching this human charging towards him alone, the demon general revealed a wisp of a grim smile. He liked to compete in strength the most. However, no human dared to compete with him in strength.
"Since you want to die, I'll fulfill your wish, haha!" The Mo Clan general raised his shoulder, and without dodging, he also charged towards Luo Zheng.
The moment he approached the demon general, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and five hundred dragon scales suddenly exploded! The vital essence in his body was stimulated once again. The strength of his entire body reached a terrifying level.
An adult demon clansman was ten feet tall, much taller than a human. Whether it was their fleshly body or their bones, they were far stronger than a human's. Therefore, the vast majority of the demon clansmen focused on body refining. This was their field of expertise.
However, this demon clansman simply did not expect that Luo Zheng's fleshly body was no longer a problem of tyrannical strength.
Luo Zheng's fleshly body, which possessed a high-grade immortal artifact body, was simply indestructible!
Coupled with Luo Zheng's extremely turbulent strength, this collision caused a jaw-dropping scene to occur.
With an explosive sound, that demon general was actually smashed into a bloody mist by Luo Zheng! Brown blood exploded like fireworks. The armor, ornaments, and sleeves on its body were also shattered into pieces and scattered in all directions!
Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air, had a faint layer of purple-black protective vital essence on its surface. This layer of vital essence was not used to protect the body, but to block the sputtering blood.
Just like that, a demon general was smashed into pieces by Luo Zheng …
Those demons stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Just a moment ago, their leader, a fifth-order demon general, was smashed into pieces by this human?
Why was this?
The demons, who were originally somewhat stupid and slow, were unable to react for a moment!
Luo Zheng stood high in the air, arrogantly looking down at these demons, and coldly asked, "What? Do you still want me to stay? "
At this moment, it was not only the demons who were in a daze. Or rather, the only ones who were not in a daze were the ordinary humans that Luo Zheng had brought. These humans were not martial artists, and in their hearts, they did not have the concept of martial artist ranks. For them, Luo Zheng killing a demon, a demon general, or a demon general would have the same effect.
In their hearts, Luo Zheng had already become a god, and a god was omnipotent.
Twenty kilometers away, more than twenty humans were hiding in the dense forest. The middle-aged man with a full beard took a deep breath, his face full of disbelief, "This brat … is he sure he's a human?"
"Can't you tell if he's a human or not?" Another person said coldly.
On the other side, the silver-haired youth said, "He's indeed a human, but the cultivation method he cultivates is very different from ours. A seventh-order fighter directly smashed a fifth-order fighter, and the other party was a demon … This person can't be someone from our human race's Holy Lands, right?"
"Impossible, if the Holy Lands sent someone over, it's impossible for us not to know. Moreover … if this person is so monstrous, would the Holy Lands let him walk around alone? Who can take responsibility for his death? If this person is nurtured and thrown into the Tower of Sins, he can fight for endless benefits for our human race! He can't die! "Another person quickly analyzed.
"Yes, we must protect him at all costs!" The silver-haired youth's eyes suddenly blossomed with a green light.
The middle-aged man with a full beard took out his scimitar and lightly rubbed it against a nearby tree. He chuckled and said, "Now, let's observe the situation first. I'm afraid these demons can't do anything to him! If he can get rid of these demons and turn around, this matter will be perfectly resolved! "
Apart from the humans, there were three people leaning against the trunk of the moving ancient tree ten kilometers behind it.
If Luo Zheng saw their appearances, he would quickly discover that the three of them had the exact same characteristics as the sword spirit Yao Ye!
Pointed ears, almost perfect figures, and slender legs. They seemed to be a race created by the gods. They were the Yao Ye Clan.
One of the female members of the Yao Ye Clan carried a huge bone bow on her back. She was already close to eight feet tall, and her bone bow was even longer than her body. She carried a huge quiver on her back, and there were five bone arrows in the quiver.
"That human is very unique." The female member of the Yao Ye Clan said indifferently.
"Unique has nothing to do with us. It's fine as long as he doesn't step into our territory." The other male member of the Yao Ye Clan replied.
"Yes, I understand." The female member of the Yao Ye Clan nodded. Then, she flipped over like a cheetah climbing a tree. Her tall and lithe body leapt onto a higher branch.
After a long while, the demons regained their senses.
Their dazed expressions began to change. Anger, sorrow, shock, and other expressions appeared on their faces. However, the expression that finally settled on their faces was one of humiliation. That's right, deep humiliation.
The demons were valiant and skilled in battle, and they didn't fear death. In their hearts, dying on the battlefield was an honor, but … to be killed by a weak human was not an honor at all! This was humiliation!
They couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng had done it, so they didn't bother thinking about it. At this moment, they only wanted to tear Luo Zheng to shreds!
The faces of the demon warriors and generals twisted with anger as they charged at Luo Zheng!
"Tear that human to shreds! Tear him to shreds!"
"I'm going to skin him with a sharp knife and eat his flesh!"
"Twist him into a fried dough twist and plant him in the ground!"
The demons roared as they charged at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. Slaughtering humans might be a psychological burden to Luo Zheng, but slaughtering these foreign races was no different from slaughtering chickens in Luo Zheng's heart, no matter how intelligent they were!
"Let me see how you're going to die." A cold smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. After experiencing so much, this young man's heart had become even calmer and colder.