Although Luo Zheng's family had undergone a drastic change when he was young, his heart was not cold.
He didn't expect that when he comprehended the perfect sword intent, he would accidentally enter the Massacre Sword Mountain and walk the Massacre Sword Dao.
However, Luo Zheng didn't accumulate much killing intent in the Central Domain because he wasn't a bloodthirsty person. Generally, if the other party didn't want to kill him, Luo Zheng wouldn't kill for no reason.
On this chaotic continent, Luo Zheng didn't have too many scruples. The biggest reason was that the other party wasn't human.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng suddenly unsheathed the saint tool longsword in his hand. Sword intent cyclones rose, and his figure shot towards the demons like a shuttle.
If the demons' bodies were like eagles, then Luo Zheng's figure was like a nimble skylark. He shuttled back and forth quickly, and with a light sweep, he reaped the lives of the demons. One demon after another fell from the sky and heavily smashed onto the ground. Their eyes were wide open in anger. While they were at death's door, they looked at the human in the sky in puzzlement. How could a fighter of the seventh step have such strength?
In an instant, more than half of the hundred demons died. These demons were the elites of the demon race. They were basically fighters of the eighth or ninth step. However, to that human, it was like cutting rice. It wasn't a contest of strength at all!
The demon general couldn't bear it anymore. With a roar, vital essence burst out from his huge body. A pair of huge bronze hammers appeared in his hands. He swung the hammers and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
This demon general was a sixth step warrior. He was slightly stronger than the fifth step warrior Luo Zheng had smashed into. Facing the pair of bronze hammers that were bigger than Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's longsword shook slightly and cut the bronze hammers in half.
The bronze hammers were probably low-grade immortal tools. How could they withstand the saint tool longsword in Luo Zheng's hand?
When the humans in the forest saw the longsword in Luo Zheng's hand, they were slightly stunned. "This guy seems to be holding a saint tool?"
"What a nouveau riche. A fighter of the seventh step can actually wear a saint tool. Heavens, I think he might be a powerhouse nurtured by the Holy Land!" The bearded middle-aged man sighed.
"A fighter of the seventh step? He's indeed only a fighter of the seventh step, but do you really think he has the strength of a fighter of the seventh step? The fifth step demon general was directly smashed into pieces by him. We can't look at this kid with ordinary eyes. "The silver-haired youth said coldly.
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know what the others thought. After breaking the bronze hammer of the demon general, his figure suddenly flashed while his Vital Spirit burst out a milky white light. He seemed to have turned into a thin line, dashing towards the demon general!
Speed …
At this moment, Luo Zheng's face flickered with a touch of astonishment. Under the stimulation of his vital essence, his speed increased strangely. Even he himself couldn't control it. His sword, which was originally going to stab the demon general, could only slightly deviate and swipe across the demon general's neck.
When blood sputtered out of the demon general's neck, Luo Zheng's figure had already disappeared. Unable to control his speed, he bumped into a small hill in the distance …
That demon general didn't expect Luo Zheng's speed to be so fast. He covered his cut neck and fell heavily to the ground.
The other demons revealed strange looks. Because Luo Zheng seemed to have disappeared in front of them in a split second, followed by a cloud of dust rising from the hill in the distance.
"That kid … how could he move so fast?" A human hiding in the woods couldn't help but shout.
"Hush, lower your voice. It's really weird just now. His speed suddenly increased, and he couldn't even stabilize his body …" The middle-aged man with whiskers also said with a puzzled look.
Actually, not only were they puzzled, those demons were also puzzled. Even Luo Zheng himself was also puzzled!
The moment his vital essence broke out, he seemed to have soared into the clouds and driven the mist. His speed seemed to have increased several times.
Now, the Phoenix Soaring Crystal in Luo Zheng's arm didn't increase his speed too much. Obviously, this was not the reason why Luo Zheng's speed suddenly increased.
When his vital essence broke out, Luo Zheng remembered that his vital essence broke out a milky white light. Closely after that, his speed started to increase sharply. The problem should lie in that milky white light. But what was it?
Luo Zheng smashed a deep crater into the mountain. After Luo Zheng got up, he climbed out of the crater. At that moment, the red dragon in Luo Zheng's mind suddenly said, "Haha! Kid, you are very strange, right?"
"You know?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, a part of your vital essence just now came from the Hundred Meeting Stage," the red dragon said.
"The Hundred Meeting Stage has this kind of effect?" Luo Zheng asked in puzzlement.
"The Hundred Meeting Stage doesn't have this effect. It's the 'Wind Gate Stage' that increases speed among the eight layers of the Spirit Platform," the red dragon explained. "But your Hundred Meeting Stage is made from the jade bones of a Cloud Chasing Lion. This Cloud Chasing Lion is one of the fastest divine beasts, second only to the Heavenly Mouse. So you can be considered to have obtained a part of the Cloud Chasing Lion's talent."
"There's this kind of effect?" Luo Zheng was both surprised and happy.
In fact, the Body Refining system had a huge disadvantage compared to the True Essence system. Although Astral Essence was said to be able to transform, because the Astral Essence's circulation speed was slow and it was evenly distributed throughout the body, it was very difficult and impractical to transform.
In contrast, vital essence had a much stronger ability to be molded. It could be visualized and could produce almost limitless power.
But the body refining system had its own unique advantage, and that was the eight layers of the Dao Platform!
The eight layers of the Dao Platform had to be made from jade bones. The stronger the jade bones used to make the Dao Platform, the greater the increase in power for the martial artist. This was because the eight layers of the Dao Platform were eight opportunities for a body refiner to strengthen themselves. Each Dao Platform could inherit a part of the original owner's talent and strength.
So when a body refiner reached the later stages of their cultivation, they would feel that their previous Dao Platforms were not strong enough. They would even reconstruct their Dao Platforms in order to inherit more talent and strength!
Luo Zheng opened his Hundred Meeting Stage and used the jade bones of the Cloud Chasing Lion to create the Dao Platform. When Luo Zheng used the Dao Platform's flowing vital essence, the Cloud Chasing Lion's talent was reflected in Luo Zheng's body. So at that moment, even Luo Zheng was not prepared.
At this moment, there were still dozens of demons left in the sky. After a bloody lesson, they finally understood that they could not stop Luo Zheng. Seeing Luo Zheng slowly floating over, these demons actually scattered.
The demons were the most belligerent. The humans in the forest were speechless at this scene. When had they ever seen demons so cowardly? Once this race determined their enemy, they would often charge forward without regard for their lives. So in a war between demons and humans, even if the humans had the advantage, the humans would often be the ones at a disadvantage!
Although the demons reacted slowly, they were not fools. They clearly were not Luo Zheng's opponent. They would not give up their lives for nothing under Luo Zheng's sword.
However, just as Luo Zheng flew over, a vigorous voice came, "Human boy, you must stay!"
"Another demon." Luo Zheng's eyes slightly focused. He saw a demon floating in the sky, flying towards Luo Zheng at a moderate speed.
That demon's skin turned red, and the two fangs at the corner of his mouth turned scarlet. "Interesting human brat, a little warrior can kill my demon race's battle generals. I wonder if you can kill me, a demon race's war elder?"
"This demon is very strong!" Luo Zheng's expression sank. A war reverend was equivalent to a False Tribulation realm expert. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could not face him alone!
There was still a chance to escape, but the problem was, what about the ordinary humans below? Although Luo Zheng could just leave them alone, after all, the lives of ordinary people were not worth mentioning in the world of martial artists, Luo Zheng had never liked to give up halfway through something.
Before Luo Zheng could say anything, the demon war reverend was like a small mountain, charging towards Luo Zheng!
The figure of the War Reverend of the Devil Race suddenly enlarged in Luo Zheng's eyes. An extremely dangerous feeling came from the bottom of Luo Zheng's heart. His heart suddenly contracted. This War Reverend of the Devil Race had the strength to kill him!
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng's mind moved. Sword Spirit Yao Ye's graceful figure suddenly flew out, and at the same time, the Demon Blood Emperor's huge sword appeared!
The expressions of the three members of the Night Demon Clan who were silently observing from afar froze. The young girl from the Night Demon Clan who was sitting on the treetop opened her eyes wide, and her small mouth opened so wide that it seemed like it could swallow a walnut.
＝＝＝＝＝