On the Chaotic Continent, there weren't many members of the Yao Night Clan. In fact, they were the smallest clan out of all the other clans!
The Yaonye clan was an extremely powerful clan in the Great Thousand Worlds. From the moment they were born, the members of the Yaonye clan possessed the strength of Innate Lifeforms. This clan was an overlord even in the Upper World.
The Heavenly Dao was fair because the members of the Yao Night Clan were extremely powerful. Whether it was in terms of strength, talent, or even appearance, they were all near perfect.
However, they had a fatal flaw, which was that their ability to reproduce was extremely poor. It was very difficult for them to increase their numbers, otherwise, with their strength, they would have already ruled the Chaotic Continent.
The Yao Night Clan was an extremely arrogant clan, and they weren't particularly bloodthirsty. As such, when Luo Zheng had led a group of humans into their territory, they had only given a warning and told Luo Zheng to leave.
Because of their arrogance, the Yao Night Clan members rarely fought side by side with other clans. This was also why the three Yao Night Clan members were so shocked when they saw Luo Zheng's sword spirit!
"Let me see it more clearly." The young woman from the Yao Night Clan held her bone bow horizontally, and her eyes flickered with a faint blue light. Her pupils were almost the same colour as the sky, and when her gaze focused on Luo Zheng's sword spirit, her expression changed drastically!
"King!"
The young woman from the Yao Night Clan spat out a single word, and suddenly jumped down from the tree. She nimbly hung onto a branch, and then knelt down on one knee.
"King?"
When the other two Yao Night Clan members heard the young woman's words, they looked confused. They used the same method to focus their gazes on Luo Zheng's sword spirit, and their expressions changed drastically. They knelt down on one knee like the young woman, and their faces were filled with sincerity.
After bowing, the three Yao Night Clan members slowly stood up. One of them asked, "Fei 'er, why has King appeared next to that human youth?"
"I'm not sure." The young woman from the Yao Night Clan called Fei 'er shook her head in confusion. "King has never descended before. This human is hiding a great secret. We shouldn't have stopped him!"
"That young man isn't a match for the War Exalt. Save him. I'll inform Lady Mei," another Yao Ye clansman said.
"Yes." Fei 'er had just nodded when she seemed to step on a gust of wind and shot forward like a nimble leopard. Then, she continuously stepped on the branches of the dense forest. Her slender body leaped up, and the bone bow in her hand had already adjusted its direction. The bone arrow on her back was already nocked on the bow at some point in time!
Facing the Devil Race's War Reverend, Luo Zheng had Sword Spirit Yao Ye charge forward while retreating!
The huge sword of the Demon Blood Emperor slashed out, creating a huge shadow in the air as it slashed towards War Reverend's head.
"Demon Night Clan? Haha! " The Devil Race's War Reverend laughed coldly. He suddenly slapped out with his huge crimson hands and actually managed to clamp the huge black sword between his hands. Then, he forcefully twisted and actually tried to send Sword Spirit Yao Ye flying.
However, Yao Ye's sword dance was extremely strange. When he was sent flying, he hooked his hand backwards, and his flexible body twisted at an unbelievable angle. Relying on his body's toughness, he actually managed to snatch back the huge sword in his hand. Then, he slashed towards the Devil Race's War Reverend from another direction.
Clang!
Unfortunately, no matter how perfect Yao Ye's sword dance was, it couldn't withstand absolute strength. The Devil Race's War Reverend was still too strong. When Yao Ye slashed out a second time, the Devil Race's War Reverend's figure flickered, and he punched the huge sword again. The originally sharp sword aura started to become erratic under the influence of this tyrannical strength.
It was exactly because of this that Yao Ye was completely exposed, and he was unable to resist the Devil Race's War Reverend's subsequent attacks.
When he witnessed this scene, Luo Zheng issued a command in his heart, and he intended to summon Yao Ye back. As his Sword Spirit, she would be injured as well. If she was injured, then she would need a long period of time to recuperate. That was something that Luo Zheng wasn't willing to see happen.
Unexpectedly, a sharp bone arrow whistled through the air as it shot towards the Devil Race's War Reverend.
The bone arrow flickered with profound talisman markings, and there was a long string of milky white light at the end of the bone arrow.
The might of this arrow far surpassed the arrow that had been shot at Luo Zheng.
After all, the arrow from before was merely a warning to Luo Zheng, but this arrow was meant to attack the Devil Race's War Reverend.
The Devil Race's War Reverend laughed coldly when facing the bone arrow, and then he actually stretched out his hand and forcefully grabbed it. Crack! The Devil Race's War Reverend crushed the bone arrow into pieces, and then he laughed coldly, "Haha! When did the proud Demon Race form an alliance with the cowardly humans?"
"The Demon Race? So the Demon Race exists on the Chaos Continent as well! "Luo Zheng's brows twitched.
Luo Zheng had encountered that strange sword on Slaughter Sword Mountain, and he'd obtained the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, by chance. At the same time, he'd found out from Qing Long that the Demon Race was an extremely formidable race. However, he'd never imagined that the Demon Race actually existed on the Chaos Continent as well!
As soon as the Devil Race's War Reverend finished speaking, two figures from the Demon Race slowly emerged from the forest. The one in front was the young woman from the Demon Race called Fei 'er.
She slowly walked out of the forest, and her agile footsteps seemed to contain a special rhythm. At the same time, she spoke in an extremely light voice, "This human is very special. He's been able to obtain the protection of our Demon Race."
"Two generals from the Demon Race want me to capture him? Are you dreaming?" sneered the Devil Race's War Reverend.
If the Demon Race could see that Luo Zheng was special, there was no reason why the Devil Race's War Reverend couldn't.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
Even though the Demon Race hadn't shown much hostility towards him, he naturally didn't want to fall into the hands of any race. Moreover, these people might not have the strength to capture him.
He hadn't expected the situation on the Chaos Continent to be so complicated ….
At this moment, over 20 figures soared into the sky from a nearby forest and shot towards Luo Zheng.
"Haha! These people are fellow humans! They have nothing to do with your Demon Race or the Demon Race, right? " A hearty and heroic voice immediately sounded. The one who spoke was a middle-aged man with a full beard.
The other humans drew their weapons and quickly approached.
"Humans." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a trace of a smile appeared on his face.
These people were different from the people Luo Zheng had brought. They were true cultivators!
As long as there were human cultivators here, there would definitely be a large human faction here. This was definitely good news for Luo Zheng.
However, although there were many humans here, their strength wasn't enough. According to the Chaos Continent's classification of strength, they should all be called generals.
Warriors, generals, War Reverends ….
The humans had over 20 generals, while the Demon Race only had two. As for the Demon Race, they only had one War Reverend. The situation was still very troublesome.
"Cowardly humans, haven't you been hiding like turtles this entire time? You finally dare to show yourself? " The War Reverend of the Demon Race didn't seem to care about these human generals at all. On the contrary, he seemed to be more afraid of the two Demon Race generals!
"Aren't we here now?" The silver-haired young man among the humans said indifferently.
Although this region was divided into three factions, the Demon Race was the strongest. Although the Demon Race didn't intend to expand their territory, the Demon Race didn't dare to rashly provoke the Yao Race. Only the humans were the weakest, so they had been guarding their fortress!
This group of humans had considered for a long time whether they should help Luo Zheng or not. After all, there was a great risk in doing so. If they angered the Demon Race, it was very likely that this delicate balance would be broken.
However, after reporting this news, they quickly received feedback from the higher-ups that they had to save that human brat, so this time, the Human Clan had sent out all their elites, a total of more than twenty people, but they did not expect that the Demon Clan would actually send a war elder, so the situation became very troublesome.
"You guys, follow them," Luo Zheng, who was sandwiched in the middle, suddenly said to the ordinary humans.
These ordinary humans didn't understand the situation in front of them at all. They could only listen to Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng had given the order, the hundreds of people began to slowly move towards the humans.
They were a burden to Luo Zheng. If they hadn't delayed him for a few days, Luo Zheng would have already run thousands of li away.