The atmosphere was a little tense.
The humans were moving in the direction Luo Zheng pointed in an orderly manner. In their minds, as long as they followed Luo Zheng's instructions, there wouldn't be any problems.
The strongest person present was definitely the devil sovereign. The humans had over 20 battle generals while the Yao Ye Clan had two. However, the Yao Ye Clan was extremely strong individually. Even though the two of them were only battle generals, their true strength couldn't be underestimated. If they attacked together, the devil sovereign might not be able to defeat them.
Thus, everyone was waiting, waiting for reinforcements.
Everyone's thoughts were very subtle. Luo Zheng's mind was constantly spinning.
Although Luo Zheng had seen the human cultivators, judging from the current situation, the humans on the Chaos Continent weren't very strong. Luo Zheng wasn't willing to entrust his life in the hands of others.
As for the Yaoye Clan, even though they weren't really hostile to him and had even said that they would protect him, they were Xeno-race clansmen in the end. So, he didn't think that the clan would treat him well just because he possessed the Sword Spirit, Yaoye.
As for the demons, they were doomed.
While he was thinking, two huge figures appeared from the direction of the demon sovereign. Even from far away, everyone could feel their auras expanding!
The instant the two demon sovereigns appeared, Luo Zheng's vital essence suddenly erupted. He transformed into a thin line and shot out!
Luo Zheng's soul was far stronger than the other living beings present. His reaction was also the fastest.
Only after he shot out did the other living beings react.
When the demon sovereign sensed the aura of his comrade, a savage smile appeared on his face. He didn't even have time to say anything before that human brat ran away. His expression darkened, and his figure flickered as he chased after Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's judgment wasn't slow. Although the humans had over 20 champions, they weren't a match for the demons. As for the Demon Night Clan, there were only two of them. He would be a fool if he didn't run now.
As he fled, Luo Zheng's advantage as a dual cultivator of body and energy was revealed.
At this moment, the astral essence within Luo Zheng's body suddenly erupted. His figure turned into a thin line that streaked across the horizon. In a single breath of time, he had crossed over 10 miles!
In addition to his vital essence, Luo Zheng's vital essence was also stimulated at the same time, increasing his speed once again!
This was the benefit of cultivating two systems. Vital Essence was suitable for short distance eruptions. Moreover, Luo Zheng's Vital Essence also contained the innate ability of the Cloud Chasing Lion, which increased his speed. Vital Essence was suitable for long distance flight, which could allow Luo Zheng to maintain a high speed.
In addition, Luo Zheng also activated the energy of the Soaring Phoenix Crystal in his body. At this stage, the Soaring Phoenix Crystal's effect on Luo Zheng's speed was negligible. However, in order to escape, Luo Zheng did not dare to be careless!
War Venerables were equivalent to False Tribulation Realm experts.
In the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng had the experience of defeating a False Tribulation Realm warrior. The strength of the Divine Kingdom's Prince couldn't be underestimated. Although he was only an Early False Tribulation Realm warrior, his true strength was estimated to be able to defeat a Mid False Tribulation Realm warrior, and he could even fight a Late False Tribulation Realm warrior!
However, the main reason why Luo Zheng was able to kill the Divine Kingdom's Prince was because the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb had suppressed the Divine Kingdom's Prince's cultivation. Therefore, the Divine Kingdom's Prince's true strength was only equivalent to an Early Divine Core warrior.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he still couldn't fight a Devil War Venerable, let alone three Devil War Venerables chasing after him.
Once the three Devil War Venerables caught up to him, Luo Zheng would definitely be killed!
Right now, Luo Zheng was running as far as he could.
When the first Devil War Venerable saw Luo Zheng running away, he immediately chased after him. With the Devil War Venerable's cultivation base and the help of his vital essence, his speed wasn't any slower than Luo Zheng's!
At the same time, the other two Devil War Venerables who came to help Luo Zheng were also chasing after him.
As for the other human warriors, all of them had complicated expressions on their faces. Although they were told to protect Luo Zheng, there was no way they could fight a single Devil War Venerable, let alone three Devil War Venerables.
If these three mo war venerables turned around at the same time and chased after them, none of the twenty human battle generals present would be able to survive!
Right now, all they could do was look at the scenery and enjoy the scenery.
The humans didn't move, but the people from the Demon Night Clan started moving. The young girl from the Demon Night Clan called Fei 'er turned around and started running. She circled around in the forest, then she placed the huge bone bow behind her back.
"Inform Master Mei, ask her to follow me." Fei 'er leapt up from the ground and softly muttered, "Follow Wind!"
"Huff … huff … huff …"
Fei 'er was an expert in the art of wind. A gust of wind blew past her, and it formed a pair of light green wings behind her back. She then soared into the sky and chased after the Devil War Venerables.
The vital essence in Luo Zheng's body was constantly rotating as he rushed forward.
Although Luo Zheng had increased his speed to the extreme, the distance between him and the Devil War Venerables was still decreasing.
"A warrior wants to escape from me? You're dreaming, haha." As the Devil War Venerables spoke, the vital essence in his body suddenly burst out, and his speed instantly increased by 30%. The distance between him and Luo Zheng was also decreasing.
The whistling wind blew in Luo Zheng's ears, but his brows furrowed more and more!
In this chase, Luo Zheng had already rushed out for over a hundred miles, but the Devil War Venerables were getting closer and closer to him.
One thousand feet, one thousand feet, one thousand feet, one hundred feet, one hundred feet, one hundred feet …
When the distance between them was shortened to a certain extent, the Devil War Venerables grinned and prepared to attack Luo Zheng.
"Vital essence, burst out!"
Seeing that the distance between him and Luo Zheng was getting closer, Luo Zheng once again burst out the vital essence in his body, widening the distance between them again.
When the vital essence and vital essence burst out at the same time, Luo Zheng's speed was actually not inferior to that of the Devil War Venerables.
However, the vital essence could not be used continuously, and once it was consumed, he could only wait for his body to slowly produce vital essence, so Luo Zheng did not dare to use it continuously.
Of course, Luo Zheng was not the only one facing this problem. The three Devil War Venerables behind him were also facing this problem. They also cultivated the vital essence system and focused on refining their bodies, so they had a great advantage in short-distance sprinting. However, once faced with long-distance flying, it was not enough.
If he used vital essence to fly, Luo Zheng could maintain a high speed over a distance of over ten thousand miles, but those Devil War Venerables could only maintain a distance of one thousand to two thousand miles. Now it depended on whether Luo Zheng could reach the limit of these Devil War Venerables.
Therefore, whenever those Devil War Venerables approached Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would stimulate the vital essence in his body and suddenly accelerate to a certain distance. At the same time, he would widen the distance between them. When his vital essence was exhausted, Luo Zheng would use vital essence to maintain the flight.
Just like that, Luo Zheng repeated this several times. In the process of this chase, Luo Zheng had already charged over 500 kilometers.
During this process, the True Essence in Luo Zheng's body was rapidly consumed. Seeing that the True Essence in his body was about to run out, he took out a top-grade True Essence Stone and crushed it. Then, he absorbed the pure True Essence inside.
Vital essence could be replenished through Best Grade Vital Essence Stones, but vital essence could not be replenished.
This was the drawback of body-refining practitioners.
The Vital Essence system relied on the vital essence of the world to activate the cultivation method, but the vital essence system completely relied on the eruption of vital essence. It could only be produced slowly by the physical body and could not be replenished by external objects.
The higher one's cultivation was, the faster one could replenish vital essence.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was now in trouble. His vital essence was about to be exhausted.
The eruption of vital essence could increase his speed, but ordinary vital essence could not increase Luo Zheng's speed that much. Only the vital essence in his body, which had been operated through the Baihui Stage, could inherit the talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion and burst out with amazing speed.
Seeing that his vital essence was gradually exhausted, Luo Zheng's speed became slower and slower, but those Devil War Venerables behind him did not slow down at all.
At this moment, the Devil War Venerables and Luo Zheng were only seventy or eighty feet away from each other.
"Not bad, a warrior can escape thousands of miles away with such speed. As a human being, I'm really surprised. I'll capture you and send you to the Holy Land of the Devil Race. I'll see what secrets you're hiding!" The Devil War Venerables sneered, "Now, stop!"
The Devil War Venerables waved their fists again and launched an attack at Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's soul in his mind left his body again and flew toward the Devil War Venerables behind him, turning into a sharp thorn and drilling into its head.
Luo Zheng's soul could directly obliterate an ordinary warrior, but Luo Zheng was not so sure when facing the Devil War Venerables.
However, being caught off guard, the Devil War Venerables were startled. Its speed suddenly decreased, and its huge head slightly tilted, avoiding Luo Zheng's soul attack.