Whether it was the Central Domain or the Chaos Continent, cultivating the soul was the most difficult.
Although this Demon War Reverend was extremely powerful and the Demon Race had a secret method to cultivate the soul, its soul still hadn't entered the War Soul realm.
With the help of a secret treasure to protect the soul, the Demon War Reverend didn't think that Luo Zheng could obliterate its soul. However, it was still very easy to damage its soul. Therefore, it was very wary of Luo Zheng's soul attack.
Because of this, the distance between Luo Zheng and the Demon War Reverend increased again.
However, what was even more troublesome was that the other two Demon War Reverends had also caught up …
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and once again activated his gradually drying vital essence. His figure once again turned into a thin line and shot forward.
This time, Luo Zheng encountered a lot more trouble than before.
Although the Central Domain was also full of danger, under the protection of the Cloud Hall, he could always defeat his opponents. Although those opponents were an entire level higher than Luo Zheng, in terms of true strength, Luo Zheng was actually not much different from them!
However, the situation now was different.
According to the classification of the Chaos Continent, Luo Zheng was a Level 7 Warrior. Above the Warrior was the Warlord, and above the Warlord was the War Reverend!
They were two whole levels higher than Luo Zheng! Moreover, there were three Demon War Reverends behind him …
If it was an ordinary Warrior, he would have been killed in seconds. However, Luo Zheng used his vital essence and vital essence at the same time to escape more than a thousand miles away.
However, this wasn't the way to go!
When the three Demon War Reverends pounced on him, Luo Zheng didn't have the strength to resist at all and still died.
"What should I do?" In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng asked Qinglong in his mind.
"If it really doesn't work, I can use Soul Shock to kill them," Qinglong said indifferently. "However, I'm afraid my soul will fall into a deep sleep again."
After devouring the Moonkin Evil Spirit, Qinglong's soul recovered a lot. Part of the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul was used to awaken the Red Dragon, another part was used to make Luo Zheng's Life Seed, and the other part was devoured by Qinglong. Although the Moonkin Evil Spirit's soul was very powerful, it was still far from enough for a True Dragon.
Therefore, Qinglong could only use Soul Shock once at the moment.
The so-called deep sleep, it would turn into a lifeless statue on the mysterious furnace.
"No." As soon as Qinglong's idea came to mind, Luo Zheng's's's's soul.
Luo Zheng's soul's soul. Luo Zheng couldn't let it fall into a deep sleep........, Qinglong's.......................................
. "At the moment, there doesn't seem to be a good way to deal with the Nephilim." Qinglong shook his head.
Neither the Heavenly Demon Fist nor the Thousand Fiend Wheel of Existence were strong enough to deal with the War Supremacies. The only things that could threaten them were the broken flying daggers and Luo Zheng's soul.
The problem was that these two attacks couldn't really kill the War Supremacies …
"Black Fire!"
The Black Fire in the mysterious furnace might be Luo Zheng's only hope. The power of the fire seemed to be able to burn everything in the world. It might be Luo Zheng's last resort.
However, Luo Zheng couldn't control the Black Fire as he wished. In other words, the Black Fire had its own spirituality. Luo Zheng could only summon it, but he couldn't order it to attack. It didn't seem wise to entrust his fate to the Black Fire.
Just as Luo Zheng was at his wit's end, a voice suddenly rang in his ears.
"There are three Teleportation Formations forty kilometers ahead to the left. Enter the Teleportation Formation in the middle. It will help you escape!"
It was a very ethereal voice. Luo Zheng suddenly heard it. This voice belonged to the Night Demon Clan member who had warned him not to advance!
Luo Zheng also didn't trust the Night Demon Clan, but her voice didn't make him feel disgusted. More importantly, it would be better for him to fall into the hands of the Night Demon Clan than to fall into the hands of the Nephilim.
Luo Zheng didn't have much time to think. He changed directions without hesitation!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes were wide open as he scanned the ground in front of him.
This was a mountainous area. There were tall mountains and forests everywhere, and all kinds of plants grew densely here.
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. He saw a strange mountain not far in front of him. That mountain seemed to have been cut in half by a sword. The top half of the mountain was lying to the side, while the bottom half of the mountain was cut into a flat area.
And on the flat ground, there were some circular patterns.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, and a wisp of green light flickered in his pupils. After using the sap of the Divine Tree to cleanse his eyes, Luo Zheng's Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes could not only see through illusions, but his eyesight had also been greatly improved!
"Three Teleportation Formations!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he sped up.
The three Teleportation Formations were set up together, so they would definitely teleport to different areas. According to the girl from the Night Demon Clan, Luo Zheng had to enter the Teleportation Formation in the middle.
But what if that Teleportation Formation led to the territory of the Night Demon Clan? Luo Zheng would be caught without a fight!
Due to the urgency, Luo Zheng's mind was in chaos.
He suddenly raised his head, took a deep breath, and told himself to calm down. In this situation, he could only take a gamble.
Then, Luo Zheng swooped down, almost without slowing down, and directly hit the ground and rolled onto the Teleportation Formation in the middle. As soon as he steadied himself, more than a dozen top-grade True Essence Stones flew out of the Sumeru Ring on his chest.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the top-grade True Essence Stones instantly embedded themselves in the Teleportation Formation.
"Buzz buzz buzz!"
A blazing white light began to circulate rapidly.
"Hurry up!"
Although Luo Zheng had just used up the last strand of Astral Essence in his body, he was still unable to pull away from the three Demon Clan War Reverends. They arrived almost instantly!
Just as the three Demon Clan War Reverends arrived above the huge mountain, the blazing white light wrapped around Luo Zheng, and his figure suddenly disappeared from the Teleportation Formation.
"Damn human brat!" The leader of the Demon Clan War Reverends roared.
"Keep chasing." Another Demon Clan War Reverend expressionlessly kicked away the top-grade True Essence Stones placed by Luo Zheng, and then placed several more True Essence Stones on the Teleportation Formation. Every time the True Essence Stones were transferred, the True Essence Stones would be completely exhausted, and they would need to be placed again.
The three Demon Clan War Reverends also entered the Teleportation Formation.
After the three Demon Clan War Reverends entered the Teleportation Formation, the Demon Clan girl named Fei 'er gracefully landed on the platform, and then slowly walked towards the Teleportation Formation. She pulled out the top-grade True Essence Stones one by one, and then placed her own True Essence Stones on the Teleportation Formation.
Then, she let out a long sigh of relief.
Just now, she had been chasing after Luo Zheng, and she was also extremely anxious.
Fei 'er didn't know why there was a "King" beside Luo Zheng, and because of this, she had to figure out the secret.
"But that human youth didn't trust me and directly ran to our Yao Night Clan. Once Lady Mei arrives, those demons will all die … Fortunately, although that brat is only a human fighter, he really knows how to run. At least he's safe for now," said Fei 'er as she gracefully stepped into the teleportation formation. The Yao Night Clan always maintained their elegance under any circumstances.
This was only a small Teleportation Formation, and it could transfer a distance of about 10,000 kilometers. It didn't take much time for Luo Zheng to pass through the Teleportation Formation!
When the blazing white light gradually dissipated, Luo Zheng saw an extremely desolate world in front of him!
There was a gray plain everywhere, and there was almost no color on this plain. Everything was lifeless, as if there was no life here. What was this place?
Luo Zheng bitterly smiled, and then crushed another top-grade True Essence Stone to replenish his True Essence, and at the same time, prepared to fly again!
However …
Just when Luo Zheng was about to fly over, an extremely powerful force came from the sky, and directly pressed Luo Zheng to the ground!
That force was so powerful that Luo Zheng couldn't resist it at all!
"What a powerful Forbidden Space Restriction!" Luo Zheng felt a chill in his heart. He was getting more and more confused. Generally, Forbidden Space Restrictions only existed in sects. Why would there be such a powerful Forbidden Space Restriction in such a desolate place? What the hell was this place?
At this moment, a blazing white light flashed behind Luo Zheng, and three huge figures suddenly appeared. They were the three Demon Clan War Reverends who had chased him for more than a thousand kilometers!
Luo Zheng's face suddenly became gloomy. It seemed that he could only fight to the death.
＝＝＝＝＝