At this moment, Luo Zheng adjusted his body to the extreme and kept a distance from the three Demon War Venerables as he stared at them with great vigilance.
However, to Luo Zheng's surprise, the three Demon War Venerables also changed their expressions at the sight of this scene!
"Why here?" One of the Demon War Venerables exclaimed.
"We're in trouble …" The other Demon War Venerables stared at Luo Zheng coldly.
The three powerful Demon War Venerables stared at Luo Zheng fiercely, but none of them dared to attack him.
Luo Zheng, who was tense all over and ready to fight at the risk of his life, was also full of doubts. 'Why don't they attack me?'
Right at this moment, the dazzling white light in the teleportation array lit up again. Then, Fei 'er of the Demon Night Clan walked out of the teleportation array. After glancing around, she walked past the three Demon War Venerables gracefully and walked toward Luo Zheng leisurely as if she didn't put the Demon War Venerables in her eyes at all …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng became more confused.
'This girl of the Demon Night Clan is just a battle general. How could she be so calm in front of the Demon War Venerables?'
The girl walked to Luo Zheng leisurely and looked at Luo Zheng's confused eyes with a faint smile, "You're wondering why they don't dare to attack you, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Fei 'er stretched out her fingers and gestured, "This is the center of the Sea God Continent, the cursed land. If they attack you here, they will be cursed to death! Therefore … "The girl abruptly turned around and stared at the three Demon War Venerables with a faint smile," Therefore, they don't dare to attack you! "
"Cursed land?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"Yes," Fei 'er said with a smile, "They can't attack you in the cursed land. Moreover, if they step into the cursed land, they will also be cursed to death!"
"Powerhouses above the level of Battle Venerables?" Luo Zheng took in a deep breath.
Battle Venerables were equivalent to False Tribulation Realm powerhouses, while powerhouses above the level of Battle Venerables were equivalent to Life and Death Realm powerhouses! Life and Death Realm powerhouses could be cursed to death. This cursed land was much more horrifying than Luo Zheng had imagined.
"Yes," Fei 'er nodded, "Actually, that teleportation array is a trap to lure Saint powerhouses into the cursed land and use the power of the cursed land to kill them … Unfortunately, they're only Battle Venerables, otherwise, they would have been cursed to death Realm powerhouses already."
Luo Zheng's's surprise was filled filled his face.
This Chaotic Continent, or the Sea God Continent that she spoke of, was filled with oddities.
Luo Zheng was not someone from the Sea God Continent, so he naturally did not know the history.
Ever since this cursed land was born in the Sea God Continent, the various races had constructed countless teleportation arrays and left special marks on the teleportation arrays. Their goal was to trick those "Battle Sage" level powerhouses!
At the very beginning, many Battle-Saints from the various major races were unintentionally sent into the Cursed Lands and were cursed to death.
Later on, there was an unwritten rule for Saint powerhouses on the Sea God Continent. Teleportation arrays must not be used! If they stepped on the wrong teleportation array, it would be the same as certain death. That would be too unjust …
The three demons were only Battle Venerables. If they were Battle Saints, they would never dare to follow Luo Zheng into the teleportation array.
... Luo Zheng was puzzled. Why would teleportation arrays appear in the wilderness? Now, after hearing the words of the girl from the Demon Night Clan, he understood. These teleportation arrays were used to kill Battle Saints!
"Brat, consider yourself lucky this time. Don't think you're safe after entering the cursed land. If you dare to go to the Tower of Sin, I guarantee you'll die miserably!" A demon Battle Venerables sneered.
"Let's go," The other demon Battle Venerables coldly stared at Luo Zheng.
Then, the three demon Battle Venerables returned to the teleportation array. After placing True Yuan Stones, the three figures slowly disappeared with a flash of white light.
"The Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng's goal on the Sea God Continent was the Tower of Sin. Could it be that the Tower of Sin was in the cursed land?
The girl from the Demon Night Clan smiled, "What? You know about the Tower of Sin? "
Fei 'er was curious about Luo Zheng's identity. He didn't seem to know anything. He didn't even know the rules of the cursed land. However, he knew about the Tower of Sin …
"That's right. Where is the Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng asked seriously.
"I can take you there, but you have to tell me first. What's up with your Sword Spirit?" Fei 'er asked.
As expected …
Luo Zheng guessed that the reason the Demon Night Clan was paying attention to him was because of his Sword Spirit, Yao Ye. It seemed that his guess was correct.
"Are you talking about her?" Luo Zheng smiled. With a flash of red light, Sword Spirit Yao Ye appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, as soon as he summoned Sword Spirit Yao Ye, the girl from the Demon Night Clan knelt on one knee and said softly, "Greetings, Queen."
"Queen …" Luo Zheng was dumbfounded by the girl's actions.
"That's right. She's the Queen of the Demon Night Clan. Why is your Sword Spirit exactly the same as her?" Fei 'er asked.
How was he supposed to explain this?
Luo Zheng had obtained Sword Spirit Yao Ye by accident on the Slaughter Sword Mountain. Even he didn't know how to remove it. Why would it transform into a member of the Demon Night Clan after absorbing a certain amount of Sword Spirits? It was so strange that even Qinglong couldn't explain it.
Now, it was even stranger. He had encountered a member of the Demon Night Clan, and she was telling him that his Sword Spirit was the Queen of the Demon Night Clan.
"I can't explain it to you either. After my Sword Spirit transformed, it naturally became like this," Luo Zheng could only reply in this way.
Fei 'er's face was filled with confusion.
The Demon Night Clan was an extremely powerful clan in the Upper World. They also had a Holy Land on the Cloudsea Continent. Moreover, it was one of the most powerful Holy Lands in the Cloudsea Continent. Fei 'er had seen statues of their Kings in the Holy Land.
Regardless of whether it was the Upper World or the Demon Night Clan, they all had three statues.
These three statues corresponded to the three Kings of the Demon Night Clan.
The first statue was called the King of Eternal Night.
The second statue was called the King of Myriad Demons.
The third statue was called the King of Slaughter. Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit looked exactly the same as the King of Slaughter!
In fact, there was an even greater question that troubled the entire Demon Night Clan. This was because among the three statues in the Holy Land, the King of Slaughter's statue had become dim and lifeless.
This was why Fei 'er felt so strange when she saw Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit.
Seeing that the human in front of her didn't seem to know anything, Fei 'er could only give up for now. She had to wait for Lord Mei to arrive before she could solve this problem.
Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Alright, I've answered your question. Now, you have to tell me about the Tower of Sin."
Fei 'er nodded, but she didn't immediately answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she smiled and asked, "What's your name?"
"I'm Luo Zheng. What about you?" Luo Zheng replied with a question.
"Fei 'er." Fei' er smiled, and then she turned to look in a certain direction and pointed forward with her slender finger. "The Tower of Sin is right ahead. Let's talk as we walk!"
Along the way, Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the situation on the Ocean God's Continent with Fei 'er's explanation.
It turned out that the Tower of Sin had appeared together with the Cursed Land!
The enormous Tower of Sin was right at the center of the Cursed Land. There were actually 13 Great Clans and over 30 Minor Clans on the Ocean God's Continent!
The human race was one of the 13 Great Clans. They'd established their own Holy Land at the northern end of the Ocean God's Continent, the Violet Heart Holy Land.
However, among the 13 Great Clans, the human race's Violet Heart Holy Land was ranked at the bottom!
Luo Zheng had learned from the Demon Race's War Reverend that the human race seemed to be very weak on the Ocean God's Continent. Now that he heard Fei 'er's explanation, it seemed that the human race was much weaker than what Luo Zheng had imagined.
It must be known that whether it was the Central Domain, the Eastern Domain, or even the four Divine Kingdoms, the human race was the absolute powerhouse. The other Clans didn't have any space to live. However, the human race wasn't the dominant force on this continent. Luo Zheng naturally found it strange.
Soon, Luo Zheng understood why this was the case.
It was because the powerhouses on the Ocean God's Continent all came from the Tower of Sin!
The Tower of Sin had cultivation resources that surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination. Thus, it had become a place that all the Great Clans fought over. However, Battle Saint level powerhouses were unable to enter the Tower of Sin. Thus, the most important thing for the Great Clans every year was to send their clansmen into the Tower of Sin to cultivate and fight for the resources within!
"You'll understand the details after you enter the Tower of Sin." Fei 'er faintly smiled. In any case, her goal was to stick to Luo Zheng until Lord Mei arrived. This information wasn't a secret, so she was naturally happy to tell Luo Zheng.
Since they couldn't fly, the two of them could only walk on foot. With the speed of a martial artist, even running on the ground was extremely fast. Thus, after several hours, Luo Zheng finally saw a massive tower.
"There, that's the Tower of Sin!" Fei 'er pointed at a massive object not too far away.
The Tower of Sin was actually upside down …