The Tower of Sin had brought Luo Zheng a lot of questions.
Now, Luo Zheng finally understood why Immortal Tian Miao couldn't enter the Tower of Sin in the past. It was because Immortal Tian Miao's strength far exceeded the War Reverend realm, and he would also be killed by the curse!
Even Immortal Tian Miao was afraid of the power of the curse in this cursed land, it was simply unbelievable!
What was the connection between the cursed land and the Tower of Sin? Why did they appear on this continent? Everything was a huge mystery.
"The Tower of Sin is upside down, there's nothing strange about it!" Fei 'er explained, "Actually, only a small part of the Tower of Sin is exposed on the surface, most of it is buried deep underground." Fei' er smiled.
How could someone build a tower like this?
Such a huge tower, it couldn't be built slowly by digging a huge hole, right?
The biggest possibility was that someone had grabbed the tower and stabbed it deep into the ground! Luo Zheng had this strange thought in his mind.
Fei 'er had no idea what Luo Zheng was thinking. She just told Luo Zheng that he had to register before entering the Tower of Sin.
As they approached the Tower of Sin, the number of living beings gradually increased.
In fact, there was a sizable town surrounding the Tower of Sin. In the Sea God's Continent, which was filled with slaughter and war, this town appeared particularly peaceful. As it was impossible to fight in the Cursed Land, all kinds of races coexisted peacefully in this town, which was a rare sight.
Fei 'er led Luo Zheng into the small town, then they found a human building.
"To enter the Tower of Sin, you have to register with your own race, and get a nameplate before you can enter." Fei 'er said. "This is the registration center for you humans."
Human warriors kept walking in and out of the building. Without hesitation, Luo Zheng walked into the building as well.
A huge table was placed in the middle of the building, and a human warrior was sitting next to the table. According to the Central Domain's standards, he was a Divine Core warrior, but in the Sea Dragon Continent, he was called a War General.
When the human warrior saw Luo Zheng, he smiled. "Don't tell me a Seventh Grade human warrior wants to enter the Tower of Sin!"
"Is it not suitable?" Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and asked.
"I admire those with courage, but believe me, you're just courting death. Even if you're a genius from the Purple Heart Holy Land, entering the Tower is the same as courting death." The human warrior said with an indifferent tone.
Humans had two major advantages in cultivation. First, they had a large population, and second, they were born to cultivate the True Yuan system.
However, on the Sea Dragon Continent, these two advantages of humans were actually disadvantages.
The Central Region and the four Divine Kingdoms were rich in resources. They were almost inexhaustible. The human race's advantage in numbers was reflected. Taking advantage of the situation would always give birth to more powerful and monstrous geniuses. Moreover, there were abundant resources to nurture these geniuses.
However, the resources of the Sea Dragon Continent were extremely scarce. Under such circumstances, the advantage of the human population could not be reflected. Furthermore, almost all the experts on the Sea Dragon Continent had grown through the information in the Tower of Sin before they became Battle Sages!
In the Tower of Sin, the only thing that mattered was the strength of individuals!
Compared to the Yao Ye Clan, the Yao Clan, the Demon Clan, and some other races, humans didn't have an advantage. Because of this, there were very few seats for humans in the Tower of Sin. This directly caused the younger generation of humans to have a harder time in the Tower of Sin.
Although the Purple Heart Holy Land was called a Holy Land, it was much weaker than the Holy Lands of the other races.
"I must enter the Tower of Sin." Luo Zheng didn't explain much.
The human warrior nodded and didn't try to persuade him. He helped Luo Zheng complete the registration and threw a steel nameplate to Luo Zheng. "Then … I wish you good luck."
After the human warrior failed to persuade him, he could only smile regretfully. From his point of view, people like Luo Zheng who didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth often couldn't survive the first night in the Tower of Sin.
"Did you get the nameplate?" Seeing Luo Zheng come out, Fei`er immediately went up and asked.
Luo Zheng waved the nameplate in front of Fei`er and said, "Let's go!"
There were some markets, auction houses, and so on in this small town, but Luo Zheng wasn't very interested in them. After shuttling through the small town for a while, they finally arrived at the bottom of the Tower of Sin.
From afar, one could feel the size of the tower. When Luo Zheng got closer and looked at the colossus in front of him, he felt a kind of oppressive aura!
Because the Tower of Sin was upside down, someone had built a staircase to the side. After walking up the staircase, two tall and sturdy giants blocked Luo Zheng and Fei`er's path.
These giants were more than twice the size of the Demon Clan. They were six zhang tall. According to the standards of the human race, each of them was probably born with divine strength.
"Nameplates." One of the giants said in a muffled voice.
Luo Zheng and Fei`er took out their nameplates at the same time. Luo Zheng noticed that Fei`er's nameplate was completely different from Luo Zheng's. Her nameplate seemed to be plated with a layer of purple gold.
"Fei`er, why is your nameplate different?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Every floor of the Tower of Sin has a different nameplate. The nameplate in your hand belongs to the first floor. If you are qualified to enter the next floor, you will need to change it. You will know once you enter," Fei`er said with a smile.
After inspecting the nameplates, the two giants opened the huge door for Luo Zheng and Fei`er. Luo Zheng finally stepped into the first floor of the Tower of Sin.
When Luo Zheng entered the Tower of Sin, it was as if he had entered a huge palace. After shuttling through a long and narrow corridor, he was greeted by a huge platform. At this moment, two creatures were constantly fighting each other on the platform. The scene was extremely fiery!
The platform was surrounded by a crowd of onlookers. Most of the cultivators here were warriors like Luo Zheng. The cultivators fighting on the platform were also warriors.
"You can fight in the Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fei`er nodded, "You can say that, or you can fight in the Tower of Sin's arena! In fact … rather than saying that the Tower of Sin is a place for cultivation, it is more like a place for fighting! This place is a miniature version of the Sea Dragon Continent's major races! All the cultivation resources are obtained through fighting. The powerhouses who grow up in the Tower of Sin are the true powerhouses! "
"The strength of these fellows is only at the warrior level. Why did the human in charge of registration keep advising me not to enter the Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng noticed that whether it was the cultivators in the arena or outside the arena, most of them were warriors. There were almost no warriors.
"Because you're a human." Fei`er giggled, "This is very normal. Human warriors and warriors are generally weak. In the past, I also entered the Tower of Sin as a warrior, but no one advised me not to enter the Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. Was the human race weak to this extent?
The battle on the arena was nearing its end.
It was a battle between a demon and a short but very robust beastman.
Both of these creatures walked the path of body tempering. Under the eruption of their vital essence, they won in a head-on clash! Every time they collided, the spectator stands would erupt with fierce cheers. The two creatures seemed to have gone berserk and were fighting in the most barbaric way possible!
In the end, the demon warrior won by a small margin. With a fierce elbow strike, he knocked the beastman unconscious. Then, he grabbed the beastman's body and forcibly tore off its head.
Blood sprayed out like a fountain, scattering all over the arena.
The spectators seemed to have long since become accustomed to this. The blood seemed to make them even more excited. Everyone shouted loudly, "Ying Na! Ying Na! Ying Na … "
Ying Na should be the name of the demon warrior. He casually waved the beastman's head and roared, "Who else dares to challenge me! Challenge my demon race! You scum of an inferior race! "
The spectator stands immediately boiled over. On one hand, there were cheers from the demons, and on the other hand, there were curses from the other races.