Seeing the puzzled look on Luo Zheng's face, Fei 'er seemed to have expected this.
As if this was completely within Fei 'er's expectations, she smiled and explained, "The Tower of Sin is a very strange tower. It seems to have a life of its own and can absorb everything within it."
"Absorb everything?" Luo Zheng's face became even more puzzled.
"Yes, whether it's blood or anything else, as long as it's lifeless, it will be absorbed by the tower. If a weapon is left on the ground for too long, it will also be absorbed," Fei 'er explained.
"It can even absorb weapons?" Luo Zheng said in astonishment.
Fei 'er nodded, "Anything lifeless will be absorbed after a period of time. If no one deals with the dead, it will also be absorbed by the tower for a period of time."
Before he had time to sigh, a milky white light suddenly condensed in the arena and shot into the nameplate on the Demon's chest.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what that light was, Luo Zheng could feel that it contained an extremely pure energy, which seemed to have a great attraction to him. He instinctively wanted to snatch that energy and refine it.
"What is that?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A reward, a reward given by the Tower of Sin. We call it the Light of Good Fortune. If you defeat your opponent in the arena, you can obtain a portion of the Light of Good Fortune as a reward. The stronger your opponent, the more Light of Good Fortune you can obtain," Fei 'er said lightly, "Although this conjecture has not been confirmed, the creatures of the Sea Dragon Continent generally believe that the things quietly absorbed by the Tower of Sin are actually transformed into Light of Good Fortune to reward the victors."
"Light of Good Fortune!"
It wasn't that Luo Zheng had never seen Light of Good Fortune. In the Rising Dragon Arena, Luo Zheng had obtained a large amount of Light of Good Fortune because the Rising Dragon Arena had accumulated countless years of Light of Good Fortune and had been absorbed by Luo Zheng. Afterwards, Luo Zheng's cultivation rapidly improved!
However, the Light of Creation in front of him seemed to be somewhat different from the Light of Creation in the Rising Dragon Arena. The Light of Creation did not directly enter his body, but instead entered his nameplate.
Qinglong probably also noticed the problem and laughed in Luo Zheng's mind. "Indeed, the Light of Creation is similar to the Light of Creation of the True Dragon Tribe. The Light of Creation in the Rising Dragon Platform can directly improve one's cultivation. The white light in the Tower of Sin … is also a kind of Light of Creation, but it still needs to be refined."
"I see …"
Only now did Luo Zheng understand why the creatures of the Sea God Continent valued the Tower of Sin so much.
Cultivating in the Rising Dragon Arena was indeed fast, but the Light of Creation within the Rising Dragon Arena required a long time to accumulate. For example, Luo Zheng was the first to enter the Rising Dragon Arena. He had absorbed almost all of the Light of Creation within the Rising Dragon Arena. As a result, the amount of Light of Creation that those who entered after him would be much less.
In the Tower of Sin, as long as one defeated one's opponent, one would be able to continuously obtain Light of Creation and rapidly improve one's cultivation!
As long as one controlled the Tower of Sin, one's race would have a super holy land for cultivation …
However, there were many races on the Sea God Continent. In addition to the existence of the Cursed Lands, the powerhouses of the continent were unable to enter the Tower of Sin. Thus, until now, no race had been able to completely control the Tower of Sin. As a result, the continent had always been in a state of chaos!
It was also because of the Tower of Sin that geniuses would emerge from every race. As a result, the Sea God Continent had yet to be ruled by a single race.
Just as Luo Zheng was analyzing the problem, the demon warrior named Yinna in the arena coldly swept his gaze around and roared, "Yinna still wants to challenge others today. Who dares to come up?!"
"Yinna has already won six consecutive victories today!"
"Going up means death. Who dares to go up?!"
"Those monsters are all in seclusion. I don't think anyone dares to challenge him."
The creatures on the spectator stands discussed animatedly.
Despite Yinna's constant roars, no one dared to go up.
At this moment, Yinna's gaze suddenly shifted to the arena below and stared at Luo Zheng. "Human warriors? Haha, don't humans only dare to enter the Tower of Sin after reaching the Warlord rank? When did a human warrior enter the Tower of Sin? "
After Yinna's words, all the creatures' gazes focused on Luo Zheng.
The status of the human race on the Sea God Continent was not high, and their strength was also considered relatively weak. The famous Purple Heart Sacred Ground was also bitterly supported by a few monstrous old monsters back then. Now, it was at the point where there was a shortage of fresh blood.
Once those old monsters fell, the status of the Purple Heart Holy Lands would most likely be in jeopardy.
In the Sea God Continent, the Tower of Sin was a place that everyone fought over. Every year, the human race would send many human geniuses to the Tower of Sin to cultivate. However, they would only enter the Tower of Sin after cultivating to the Warlord rank. As for human warriors … they were extremely rare in the Tower of Sin.
Demon warriors? Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and a faint smile appeared on his face.
He didn't plan to fight today. He had just entered the Tower of Sin and wanted to figure out the situation here first. However, he didn't expect that he would be targeted as soon as he entered.
"Do you have the guts to come up? Human warrior! "Yinna roared," Let me tear your neck off! "
"That demon has his eyes on you," Fei-er reminded, still wearing a calm smile on her face. Her task was to keep an eye on Luo Zheng and wait for Lord Mei to arrive so that she could unravel the secret of Luo Zheng's sword spirit. Previously, Luo Zheng had been chased by three Demon Race War Venerables for more than a thousand li. Even Fei-er couldn't do that. Therefore, even if Luo Zheng stepped onto the arena, Fei-er wasn't worried.
"If that's the case …" Luo Zheng loosened up his wrists and strode into the arena.
"That human brat actually came up!"
"Hahaha, aren't humans all cowards? Let me think, how many years has it been since a human warrior stepped onto the arena? "
"Yinna, tear his neck off and eat him. Human flesh is very delicious!"
All the creatures believed that this was a battle with a great disparity in strength, so they hoped that Yinna would be able to kill Luo Zheng!
In fact, the atmosphere of the Tower of Sin had always been like this. From the moment of its birth, slaughter and death had been the main melody here.
"You actually dared to step onto the arena, I'm very surprised," Yinna licked his lips, "It seems that the Human Race not only produces cowards, but also stupid pigs! Hahahaha! "
This level of provocation was meaningless to Luo Zheng. His expression didn't change in the slightest. He just looked indifferently at the demon warrior in front of him, as if he was looking at a dead man.
Yinna didn't like this kind of gaze. It was as if a person who had been in a high position for a long time was looking down at him. He didn't know why Luo Zheng had such an imposing manner!
Since he didn't like it, he would tear it to shreds. This was Yinna's principle!
"Die, human boy, use your wails to express your pain!" Yinna roared, and the vital essence in his body suddenly erupted. He was like a desolate ancient beast as he rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Not all humans are cowards …" Luo Zheng said indifferently. Facing the charging Yinna, Luo Zheng stretched out a finger.
The moment Yinna rushed towards him, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly moved, and his ten fingers suddenly touched Yinna's head.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng's figure moved slightly to the side, avoiding Yinna's huge body. During the entire process, he only moved a single step.
Everyone only saw Yinna's head turn into a bloody mist in an instant. His headless body rushed a few steps away, and then fell to the ground with a plop.
The originally noisy spectator stands were now completely silent.
In fact, this kind of bloody slaughter happened every day in the Tower of Sin. Duels of great disparity in strength were often staged.
These creatures were not shocked by Luo Zheng's method of killing Yinna, but by the fact that Luo Zheng was a human.
There were many geniuses among humans. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to be ranked as one of the 13 major clans.
But human warriors were famous for being weak! Therefore, the people sent into the Tower of Sin by the Purple Heart Holy Land were almost all at the general level. As for human warriors, they were just sending them to their deaths.
But just now, this human warrior of the seventh rank actually used a finger to kill a demon warrior!
This caused all of the living beings to be extremely shocked!
After the scene was silent for a while, all the creatures began to whisper.
The blood of the demon warrior soaked into the platform bit by bit. A milky white light suddenly appeared on the platform, and then shot into Luo Zheng's nameplate.
After the Light of Creation was poured into the ordinary-looking metal nameplate, it began to feel heavy.
"Immortal Tian Miao was right. The Tower of Sin is indeed a good place to quickly increase one's strength, but … it's not so easy to enter the bottom of the Tower of Sin," Luo Zheng thought to himself as he stood in the arena.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave the arena, a tall and sturdy figure walked onto the arena. "Boy, you want to leave after winning one round?"
＝＝＝＝＝