Behind Luo Zheng was a warrior of the ninth step. He wore a fiery red armor and held a blood-red axe in his hand. His expression was grave and stern, as if he wanted to eat Luo Zheng alive.
Inside the Tower of Sin, every race worked together. Only in this way could they make full use of their strength to monopolize the resources of the Tower of Sin.
If a monstrous genius appeared in a race, that race would inevitably send elites to kill that genius in his infancy.
The Tower of Sin was like an accelerated world, a place where geniuses matured. If not restrained, as long as one's talent was monstrous enough, their rise would inevitably be as fast as a comet!
Luo Zheng's debut inside the Tower of Sin could only be described as astonishing!
But the demon race was one of the top three powers in the Tower of Sin, so how could they let Luo Zheng go?
Luo Zheng had already walked to the edge of the stage, but when he heard the provocation of the demon race, he retracted his foot that had just taken a step forward.
Although Luo Zheng was clear that the Light of Good Fortune in the Tower of Sin was somewhat different from the one in the Rising Dragon Arena, and that every race had their own secret methods, since the Light of Good Fortune in the Tower of Sin could also increase one's cultivation, Luo Zheng would naturally accept as much as he could.
Moreover, killing intent was equally important to Luo Zheng.
Since entering the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had already killed dozens of demons, accumulating a lot of killing intent.
And the demon called "Ying Na" he had just killed had even more killing intent. This was a good opportunity for Luo Zheng to accumulate killing intent.
The 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》 was indeed an extremely powerful cultivation method, but because Luo Zheng lacked killing intent, he could only use the first layer of the 《Killing Wheel》. If he wanted to continue cultivating, he would need even more killing intent. In the past, Luo Zheng didn't have so many opportunities to obtain killing intent.
Since he could obtain both killing intent and Light of Good Fortune here, why wouldn't Luo Zheng do it?
Luo Zheng turned around and smiled faintly, "Of course you can stay here."
The demon race warrior of the ninth step laughed loudly, "Very good, I'm called …"
"I'm not interested in knowing your name," Luo Zheng's smile disappeared.
"Why?" The demon warrior's reaction was always a bit slow.
"Because you're about to die."
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the Vital Spirit in his body suddenly erupted, and his figure suddenly disappeared.
The demon warrior's brain was slow, but its movements were not slow at all. After discovering that Luo Zheng had suddenly disappeared, it instantly raised the huge axe in its hand.
However, the giant axe was only raised halfway when Luo Zheng threw a punch directly at the middle of the giant axe. Luo Zheng had used 90% of his strength in this punch, and he didn't borrow the strength of the dragon scale, but it was enough to bend the giant axe!
At the same time, the curved huge axe turned over and swept towards the demon fighter. Even though the demon fighter bulged his muscles and wanted to resist the pressure with his great brute force, it was still in vain.
Luo Zheng's punch couldn't be blocked by a warrior. It would be more likely if it was a warrior!
"Kacha!"
Under the immense pressure, the demon's bones were forcibly crushed by Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng pointed a finger at the demon warrior's head again.
"Peng!"
Brown blood splattered all over the arena and was quickly absorbed by the arena.
The scene once again fell into a state of silence.
If the first time Luo Zheng defeated Yingna, it was because of his technique and speed, then the second time he killed the ninth step demon warrior, it was because of his overwhelming strength!
Many creatures were unable to react for a while.
How could a human be able to suppress the Demon Race?
The demon race was a powerful race on the Sea God Continent. In terms of pure strength, they might not be as strong as the giants, but the demons were more balanced than the giants. In terms of individual strength, they might only lose to the Yao Ye clan!
And humans were never a race that excelled in strength! But why was this human brat's strength so great that it made one's hair stand on end?
"He's clearly a human warrior of the seventh step, but he suppressed a demon warrior of the ninth step with his strength …"
"It's best not to provoke this human!"
"He must be killed! If he enters the lower levels of the Tower of Sin, once he matures, the human race will have one more seat! "
Among the creatures of the various races on the stage, there were many spies.
These creatures would not fight in the arena, but they would constantly collect information and record the geniuses from other races. Then, they would report to their superiors and think of a way to kill these geniuses.
After the two rounds of slaughter, no one dared to challenge Luo Zheng for the time being.
At this moment, no one dared to ridicule him for being from the human race. This world had always been like this. Once your strength exceeded everyone's expectations, they would have no choice but to reevaluate you. Perhaps these creatures would prepare more schemes to deal with Luo Zheng, but at the very least, they had to look at Luo Zheng seriously.
After walking down the stage, Fei`er smiled and said, "I'll bring you to register your points. The Tower of Sin has more than this."
The core of the Tower of Sin was indeed the stage. Because other than the stage, there was a complete set of facilities built around the stage.
Under Fei`er's lead, Luo Zheng quickly found the place where he could exchange his points.
After two rounds of battle, Luo Zheng's reward was a top grade true origin stone and 20 points.
"What can I do with these points?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fei`er smiled and said, "You can do anything you want!"
All the facilities in the Tower of Sin were very complete. Points could be used to rent secret cultivation rooms, squandered, obtained all kinds of information, and exchanged for secret cultivation methods.
As soon as Luo Zheng finished exchanging his points, two men and one woman walked towards him, three human warriors.
When the three human generals saw that Luo Zheng was with a woman from the Yao Night Clan, a strange expression appeared on their faces.
The human race also had spies on the first level. As soon as they received the news, they hurriedly rushed down from the upper level.
The leader glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said with a slightly arrogant smile, "You are Luo Zheng? I heard you just killed two demon warriors on the first level? That's right, come with us! "
Luo Zheng wasn't too surprised that they knew his name. However, Luo Zheng didn't like this person's tone. He just glanced at him indifferently and said to Fei`er, "Take me to other places."
Seeing that Luo Zheng had completely ignored him, that person's face was filled with anger. He then coldly said, "My name is Xing Hui, and I come from the Purple Heart Holy Land. Since you've chosen to enter the Tower of Sin, you should understand that we humans should stick together. Otherwise, you have no other choice but to die."
Luo Zheng glanced at this human warrior called Xing Hui indifferently and said, "You said that we humans should stick together. I understand. That is indeed the case for the same race, but what qualifications do you have to order me around?"
"You! Without our Purple Heart Holy Land's protection, you won't live for more than three days! " Xing Hui said angrily. In Xing Hui's opinion, he had personally come down from the upper level to see Luo Zheng. He didn't expect that this guy didn't appreciate it at all and didn't put him in his eyes at all!
"How long I live should have nothing to do with you." After saying that, Luo Zheng blinked and walked away without looking at him. Fei`er just showed an apologetic smile and followed behind Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng left, Xing Hui's face was still full of anger, "This brat …"
Instead, it was Xing Hui's other companion who grumbled, "Why do you have to threaten him? This person's strength is indeed extraordinary. If he can grow quickly in the Tower of Sin, he may be able to fight for a seat with our human race! "
"Count on this brat? Count on a human warrior? "Xing Hui sneered.
"When you were still a warrior, were you able to defeat a warrior of the Demon Race? At that time, you didn't even dare to enter the Tower of Sin, right? "Another female warrior said coldly.
"Shuang 'er …" Xing Hui still wanted to explain.
"Enough," The female warrior called Shuang 'er shook her head, "Let's observe him for a while. That Yao Ye clansman seems to be giving him pointers. I don't think this brat is so stupid as to casually challenge some powerhouses he can't defeat. After a while, I will go and communicate with him."
Since the human race had taken notice of Luo Zheng, the other races naturally wouldn't fall behind.
On the first floor of the Tower of Sin, all kinds of undercurrents were surging as news of Luo Zheng spread through various channels.