Despite the undercurrent, Luo Zheng was not afraid at all.
The Tower of Sin was a relatively safe place.
Although the Tower of Sin was not affected by the Cursed Land, the Tower of Sin still abided by its own set of rules.
Apart from the Arena, fighting was strictly prohibited in other places.
Regardless of whether it was a dispute between the races or a life and death grudge, they all had to be settled in the arena. Outside the arena was a safe zone. If any living being violated the rules and fought outside the arena, they would be hunted down by all the races!
"This is the living area," Fei 'er patiently explained, "The secret cultivation rooms here can be rented for a day with one point. However, this is only the most ordinary secret cultivation room. There are also secret cultivation rooms that cost 100 points a day."
"100 points to rent a secret cultivation room for a day?" Luo Zheng had only won two matches so far and only had 20 points. Obviously, it was not enough to rent a secret cultivation room like this.
"Yes, the flow of time in this secret cultivation room is ten to one," Fei 'er said.
"Flow of time?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Yes," Fei 'er nodded.
Only the Law of Time could change the flow of time in an area.
When Luo Zheng was baptized by the Laws, he comprehended nine basic Laws in the Upper Realm. However, he lacked the Law of Time.
Time was king, while space was venerated. These two Laws were the most powerful Laws in the world. The Dragon Bloodline Clan did not have an obelisk for the Law of Time. Perhaps it was because there were no experts in the Dragon Bloodline Clan who were proficient in the Law of Time, so they could not create an obelisk for the Law of Time.
This secret cultivation room was good news for Luo Zheng.
He did not have much time.
If he could obtain enough points, Luo Zheng could enter this secret cultivation room to cultivate. One day was equivalent to ten days. If Luo Zheng stayed inside for a year, it would be equivalent to ten years of cultivation in the outside world. This could greatly reduce the time Luo Zheng needed to cultivate!
However, Luo Zheng was more concerned about the Law of Time.
"You said that the Tower of Sin has all kinds of cultivation methods. Then, are there any cultivation methods related to the Law of Time?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course there are. However … there aren't any on the first floor. I'm afraid you'll have to enter the next few floors before you have the chance to come into contact with these things," said Fei 'er with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded and then asked, "How do we get to the next floor?"
"One hundred points," Fei-er answered simply.
One hundred points wasn't difficult. For Luo Zheng, the first floor wasn't difficult at all. Warriors weren't much of a threat to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had no plans to enter the next floor for the time being. He wanted to familiarize himself with the rules of the Tower of Sin before entering the next floor.
Although Luo Zheng was confident in his own strength, he did not forget that there were war elder level existences in the Tower of Sin. With Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he faced a war elder of the first stage, he would not be able to deal with it, not to mention that there should be even higher level war elders.
After renting a secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng sat down cross-legged and took out the nameplate from the Tower of Sin. Although this nameplate looked ordinary, it was able to absorb the Light of Good Fortune. Presumably, it contained a mystery that Luo Zheng was not aware of.
After absorbing the Light of Good Fortune, the nameplate emitted a faint white luster.
The moment Luo Zheng activated the nameplate, the Light of Good Fortune within it slowly surged towards Luo Zheng's body.
This Light of Good Fortune gave Luo Zheng a familiar feeling. Every race had different secret techniques, but all roads led to the same destination. This Light of Good Fortune was very similar to the Light of Good Fortune in the Rising Dragon Arena.
Little bits of Light of Good Fortune poured into Luo Zheng's body and gathered towards Luo Zheng's Dantian. The true essence within his body also began to circulate naturally.
After this period of adventuring, Luo Zheng had a faint feeling of making a breakthrough. Although Luo Zheng hadn't obtained much Light of Good Fortune, it was more than enough for Luo Zheng to make a breakthrough.
An eighth level Divine Reflection realm martial artist, according to the Sea God Continent, was an eighth level martial artist.
But, his cultivation was still too slow …
Unless Luo Zheng reached the level of a War Lord and also obtained the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin, he would have a chance of defeating Cui Xie!
Within the Wheel of Destiny, Cui Xie had already proven that his destiny could not be underestimated. He could find a woman with the Extreme Violet Yin Body at any time to open the Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array. Time was far too tight for Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly asked, "Red Dragon, now that the dao platform has been opened, you must fulfill your promise."
Luo Zheng didn't know what a transcendent divine might meant.
But, this was still a cultivation method that a True Dragon cultivated. Just the Divine Pattern Technique alone had given Luo Zheng extraordinary benefits, much less the transcendent divine might that Red Dragon spoke of.
Red Dragon chuckled. "Boy, I knew you hadn't forgotten."
"Of course I haven't forgotten!" After opening the dao platform, Luo Zheng had been chased down by the demons and hadn't had a chance to cultivate.
"In truth, the transcendent divine might that I taught you is only an incomplete transcendent divine might. But, a transcendent divine might is still a transcendent divine might. Even an incomplete cultivation method is far more powerful than an ordinary cultivation method." The Red Dragon's tone was filled with pride and satisfaction.
Luo Zheng nodded.
"Listen well. This transcendent divine might is called the Stellar Battle Body." Red Dragon proudly said.
"Oh." Luo Zheng expressionlessly said.
"…" Seeing Luo Zheng's calm appearance, Red Dragon felt a bit unbalanced in his heart. This boy simply didn't understand the meaning of these four words! "This Stellar Battle Body can draw the power of the stars into your body and use it for your own use! The more stars you can draw upon, the more powerful your body will be. "
"Draw in the power of the stars … for your own use." Luo Zheng blinked.
After Luo Zheng had used the Sun Moon Star Diagram to visualize the stars, his true essence contained a terrifying power of annihilating stars. But, visualization was only visualization; it wasn't the true power of the stars. He never thought that there would be such a cultivation method in this world that could directly draw upon the power of the stars.
"In truth, the Stellar Battle Body can only display its full power after opening the nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Realm. But, you've already opened the Hundred Meetings Platform, so you can cultivate it." Red Dragon said. "But, I must remind you that although the Stellar Battle Body is a transcendent divine might, it is still incomplete in the end. There is only the first half. In the future, when you reach a bottleneck in your cultivation, you won't be able to display its greatest power!"
The future that Red Dragon spoke of was probably a very distant matter for Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng was in the Tower of Sin, he naturally had to do everything he could to strengthen himself. He couldn't think of anything else. Even if it was incomplete, it would still be of great benefit to the current Luo Zheng!
"The first stage of the Stellar Battle Body is to draw upon the stars. As long as you can draw upon one of the stars in the sky, it will suffice," Red Dragon said.
Luo Zheng looked up and said, "Stars in the sky? How could there be stars in this chamber? "
"I forgot to say that the Stellar Battle Body must be cultivated in the starry night. There is no way to cultivate it here …" Red Dragon chuckled.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and finally left the cultivation chamber.
Fei 'er had been waiting outside, as if she were afraid that Luo Zheng would run away. Seeing Luo Zheng leave the chamber, Fei' er's eyes brightened. "You broke through?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"Are you still going to the arena?" Fei 'er asked again.
"Not now," Luo Zheng planned to wait outside the Tower of Sin and see if he could draw upon the power of the stars according to Red Dragon's method.
"Is that so? In such a short time, there are already several groups of people waiting for you … "
As soon as Fei 'er's voice fell, six or seven demons blocked Luo Zheng's path. The demons' tall bodies almost completely blocked the path, not allowing Luo Zheng to pass.
"Human brat …"
"I don't have time."
Before the Demon Race fighter could speak, Luo Zheng beat him to it.
"You don't have time? You don't have the right to choose, hehe! "One of the demons sneered.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, "You plan to fight here?"
"They don't dare, but they can make it so that you can't leave," Fei 'er said with a smile. She had seen this kind of thing many times before.
The Tower of Sin didn't allow fighting in the safe area, but there were many loopholes in this rule!
The most common one was to send a Death Warrior to assassinate someone! In any case, the Death Warrior only represented himself. Whether the assassination failed or not, the Death Warrior would die in the end. Naturally, he wouldn't be afraid of being hunted down by all the races. But if it was a genius from another race, the Death Warrior's life would be worth it. Almost every race had their own Death Warrior specially trained for assassination, to eliminate the geniuses of the enemy race!
But with Luo Zheng's current performance, there was no need to use a Death Warrior.
The second method, which was the lowest method, was to provoke. If the provocation failed, then they could be even more despicable, and that was to block the path!
Although the Tower of Sin was extremely wide, the residential area was still divided into several narrow paths. Those demons were so tall that they could almost touch the ceiling, almost blocking the path. If one did not agree to the other party's challenge, these demons would act like hoodlums and block the path tightly. Although this was unreasonable, in the end, they did not make a move …