Looking at this group of demons that was like a small mountain, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. In order to force him to fight, these guys were really unscrupulous.
What's more, they were just a group of demons. Even if they wanted to die, this wasn't the way to go!
Luo Zheng looked around indifferently. These demons were just standing there, intending to accept their challenge. Since they wanted to give him the Light of Good Fortune, Luo Zheng couldn't find a reason to refuse.
At this moment, a black-skinned demon appeared behind these demon warriors.
This demon was a size smaller than the other demons, and his eyes flashed with a cold light. When his gaze swept across the face, it even gave people the feeling of being sliced by a sharp knife!
This demon was only a warlord, but he could actually give off such a strong pressure. Luo Zheng also revealed a trace of astonishment.
"Get out of the way," the demon general said coldly.
The demons that were blocking the road showed two kinds of expressions when they saw the demon general behind them, fear and awe!
"It's Lord Moon Guardian! Get out of the way! "
"Don't push me, Lord Moon Guardian, please accept my bow!"
These demon warriors quickly opened a path so that Luo Zheng could directly face the thin demon general. From what the demons said, Luo Zheng knew that this demon general was called Moon Guardian.
The Moon Guardian stepped forward, his cold eyes fixed on Luo Zheng, "Although you belong to the Human Race, you are not an ordinary warrior."
"What does this have to do with you?" Luo Zheng wasn't afraid at all as he stared at the Moon Guardian and asked.
"It's not just my Demon Race that wants your life, the Giants, the Beastmen, and …" Moon Guardian's gaze fell onto Fei 'er who was standing behind Luo Zheng, and a trace of surprise appeared on his face. Then he said, "Even the Demon Night Clan wants your life. We have dozens of ways to kill you, but I think the best way is to deal with you in the arena. I'll be waiting for you on the tenth floor. I hope you don't run away or hide here forever."
Hearing Moon Guardian's words, Luo Zheng suddenly laughed involuntarily. After his smile disappeared, he slowly said, "My purpose in coming to the Tower of Sin is, of course, to enter the higher floors. As for which floor you are waiting for me on, it has nothing to do with me. You don't need to tell me, because your strength isn't worth my attention."
Luo Zheng's words made the faces of the Demon Race people change dramatically!
Yue Shou only had the cultivation of a general, but his position in the demon race was higher than many war reverends!
The Demon Race had two sacred grounds on the Sea God Continent. One was called the Flame Demon Sacred Ground, and the other was called the Fear Demon Sacred Ground. Moon Shou was the strongest genius in the Flame Demon Sacred Ground! He was on par with the other genius in the Fear Demon Sacred Ground!
This was also why the Demon Race people were so respectful when they saw Moon Shou! With Moon Shou's talent, it wouldn't be long before he could step into the top floor of the Tower of Sin and help the Demon Race obtain a new seat.
In the eyes of many Demon Race people, Lord Moon Guardian personally coming here to declare war on Luo Zheng was making a mountain out of a molehill. Why use a butcher's knife to kill a chicken? Not to mention a small human warrior, even a human general didn't need Lord Moon Guardian to personally come out.
Originally, many Demon Race people were puzzled by this.
Therefore, when Lord Moon Guardian personally declared war on Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's strength was infinitely raised in the hearts of many Demon Race people! It seemed that this human warrior wasn't someone they could deal with.
What they didn't expect was that Luo Zheng was even more arrogant than they thought! It was as if he didn't put Lord Moon Guardian in his eyes!
Many of the Demon Clansmen were enraged.
"Human brat, you …."
Just as the Demon Race people were about to roar, Moon Guardian raised his hand to stop them. He said indifferently to Luo Zheng, "Not bad. There are very few humans with such courage. I'm looking forward to fighting with you more and more."
After speaking, Moon Guardian turned to leave. However, before he left, he seemed to have thought of something and said to the Demon Race people around him, "Don't waste your lives to challenge Luo Zheng. Just let him advance freely."
As a Demon Race person, Moon Guardian understood his fellow Demon Race people very well. Even if they knew that they were no match for Luo Zheng, they would still send themselves to their deaths.
Based on the information Moon Guardian had, it was impossible for a warrior to be Luo Zheng's opponent. If they rashly stepped onto the stage to face Luo Zheng, they would just be throwing their lives away for nothing.
"But, Lord Moon Guardian!" A Demon Race warrior revealed an unconvinced expression.
"Hmm?" Moon Guardian frowned.
That Demon Race warrior's body suddenly trembled. He then replied in a trembling voice, "So, sorry …."
Moon Guardian shook his head and turned to leave.
The Demon Race people were still glaring at Luo Zheng angrily. However, because of Lord Moon Guardian's order, they didn't dare to block Luo Zheng's path.
Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent from beginning to end. After Moon Guardian left, he also walked out.
Fei-er still followed closely behind. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would run away ….
"What does' free advancement 'mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fei-er was already prepared to answer this question. She smiled faintly, revealing two perfect dimples on her face. "To advance to the next floor of the Tower of Sin, you need points. However, some creatures that enter the Tower of Sin are too strong, resulting in an empty stage."
"Empty stage?"
"Yes, if they're too strong, no one dares to challenge them. That way, they won't be able to obtain points. If they don't obtain 100 points, they won't be able to exchange for the qualifications to enter the next floor." Fei-er continued, "That's why the free advancement rule was set. If no one challenges a creature within three days and they obtain three empty stages, someone will record it. Then, they won't need points to obtain the qualifications to enter the next floor!"
Luo Zheng nodded, "So that's how it is."
Even if these races worked together to set the rules, the rules themselves needed to be reasonable. If a powerhouse of a certain race entered the Tower of Sin to cultivate, that powerhouse would be too strong and no race would be willing to challenge him. Then, that powerhouse might not be able to enter the next floor for the rest of his life.
The free advancement rule was naturally to make up for this flaw.
Along the way, when they passed by the battle arena, they saw that there were still fierce battles taking place there.
There was no distinction between day and night in the Tower of Sin. For many creatures, life was relatively monotonous. Apart from life and death, there was only battle and cultivation.
Because of the intense pressure, all kinds of special services had been created around the Tower of Sin. All kinds of bizarre and strange things from the entire Sea God Continent could be found here. Not only could they be purchased through points, top grade True Origin Stones could also be used here!
After passing by the battle arena, Luo Zheng walked out of the Tower of Sin. Luo Zheng raised his head to look at the sky. At this moment, the full moon hung high in the sky, and the sky was already filled with stars.
Seeing Fei-er following closely behind him, Luo Zheng glanced at her indifferently. This woman had given him a lot of help, but she couldn't follow him all the time just because of Sword Spirit Yao Ye. He needed to cultivate right now.
Fei-er's personality was incomparably sensitive. With just a glance from Luo Zheng, she instantly understood. She revealed an elegant smile and kept her distance from Luo Zheng. She didn't want to know everything about Luo Zheng. It was just that the information about "King" was too important, so she followed him like a shadow.
After Luo Zheng and Fei-er put some distance between each other, he found a secluded place and sat down cross-legged. He raised his head to look at the sky. The night sky was filled with stars, and they connected to each other to form a silver chain. There was no cloud in the night sky, so the view was exceptionally good.
"Can we begin now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, this place is very suitable for cultivating the" Stellar Battle Body "," the crimson dragon immediately replied.
As soon as the crimson dragon finished speaking, countless mysterious characters appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. There was more information.
"Although the lower half of the 'Stellar Battle Body' is incomplete, the upper half contains the general principles of the 'Stellar Battle Body'. The first step of the general principles is to stimulate the power of the stars! Everything is difficult at the beginning. Stimulating the power of the first star is the most difficult. I don't expect you to succeed on your first try, but you can try first. "The crimson dragon lightly said.
How could a transcendent divine might be so easy to cultivate?
When the crimson dragon obtained the 'Stellar Battle Body', his cultivation had already reached a level that Luo Zheng found difficult to comprehend. Even so, it had taken him a full five years to comprehend the Stellar Battle Body!
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He sat down on the ground, quietly digesting the information in his mind.
Two hours later, the position of the stars in the sky had quietly shifted by a certain distance. Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes. As he looked towards the sky, a sharp light bloomed in his eyes.
＝＝＝＝＝