The mysteries of this transcendent divine might had already far surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination!
The stars that filled the skies were hundreds of millions of miles away from Luo Zheng. At this distance, even if Luo Zheng spent a million years or even 10 million years, he still wouldn't be able to reach the nearest star.
But in the general outline of a transcendent divine might, there was actually a method to communicate with such distant stars and stir up the power of the stars!
It was indeed inconceivable.
According to the general outline, the more stars one could communicate with, the more power of the stars one could stir up, and the more powerful the Stellar Battle Body would be.
The secret method in the general outline of the "Astral Combat Body" required one's soul to comprehend the distant stars. Luo Zheng still felt that it was very mysterious.
A person had a perception of all things. From the large tower of sin in front of Luo Zheng, to the small flies that slowly flew around, to the nearby trees, to the distant stars.
But a person's perception of the stars was extremely weak. Besides being able to see a little bit of the light of the stars, there was no way to obtain any information about the stars. So, how could one use this method? How could one arouse it?
Blindly puzzling himself wouldn't solve the problem.
According to the secret technique, under constant experimentation, Luo Zheng's perception began to slowly stretch …
The strength of one's perception was determined by one's soul. Luo Zheng's soul was extremely powerful to begin with, and his perception far surpassed that of an ordinary life form.
100 feet …
200 feet …
500 feet …
200 feet …
At a distance of 10,000 feet, Luo Zheng's perception had reached its limit. If it stretched any further, his perception would break and everything would become blurry.
"This is the limit. How can I perceive the distant starry skies? Isn't this the same as using a bamboo pole to strike the moon? "Luo Zheng curled his lips.
The red dragon chuckled. "Striking the moon with a bamboo pole? Hehe, that's what you're trying to do. If you use this method, then let alone you, even a life form 10,000 times stronger than you wouldn't be able to perceive the distant starry skies! Now, close your eyes! "
Luo Zheng obediently closed his eyes.
"According to the secret technique of the Stellar Battle Body general outline, a single thought will be Divine Transformation and you will roam the great void!" The red dragon said.
The secret technique of transforming into a God with a single thought …
Hearing Red Dragon's words, Luo Zheng's heart trembled, and he began to operate his perception according to the secret method.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's perception was slowly spreading upwards. The perception at the top was constantly shrinking and condensing!
All of a sudden, Luo Zheng felt everything disappear.
He couldn't even feel his own body. Luo Zheng's consciousness seemed to be completely integrated into his perception.
Soon after, he felt a strong gravitational pull from the sky, pulling his consciousness up. Luo Zheng's consciousness was rising at an unbelievable speed, leaving the Sea God Continent!
He turned around and descended. The Tower of Sin rapidly shrank in front of him. The huge Tower of Sin now looked like a short match.
It didn't take long for the Tower of Sin to disappear. What appeared before Luo Zheng was the entire Sea God Continent!
Then, the Sea God Continent became smaller and smaller. Luo Zheng saw that the Sea God Continent was like a floating boat floating on the endless sea.
"So huge …"
This boundless world was much bigger than Luo Zheng had imagined.
As Luo Zheng's height stretched again, seven or eight continents appeared on the sea. These continents were separated from each other by a great distance.
"That's … the Central Domain!"
Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped. Among these seven or eight continents, the Central Domain was probably the smallest one. Next to the Central Domain was the Chaotic Astral Ocean, and on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean were the Divine Kingdoms. The territories of these four Divine Kingdoms were dozens of times larger than the Central Domain!
"Eh? There's another continent! This continent is actually hundreds of times larger than the Divine Kingdoms! Compared to this continent, whether it's the Central Domain, the Divine Kingdoms, or the Sea God Continent, they are all like insignificant islands. Where is that? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Originally, Luo Zheng was very curious about the higher realm.
The higher realm had hundreds of thousands of worlds and tens of thousands of races. However, when Luo Zheng glimpsed the whole picture of the boundless world that Luo Zheng was in, he realized that he didn't know much about the world he was in!
As the distance between them widened again, Luo Zheng's consciousness suddenly accelerated, and its height rose infinitely again!
"Astral winds!"
Huge gusts of wind appeared around Luo Zheng, crazily rotating!
These gusts of wind seemed to be able to crush everything. When these gusts of wind collided with each other, there would be an intense collision, producing even more terrifying gusts of wind. These gusts of wind multiplied and multiplied endlessly, constantly dissipating, constantly colliding, and constantly producing new gusts of wind.
No one knew how many years these terrifying gusts of wind had existed. Perhaps they had existed since the birth of this boundless world. So far, no one had been able to penetrate these gusts of wind.
Even if Luo Zheng had a high-grade immortal artifact body, he would most likely be crushed into powder by these gusts of wind.
However …
Luo Zheng was now just a consciousness that was rapidly advancing. These gusts of wind were unable to cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
After penetrating the gusts of wind, Luo Zheng once again looked down.
No matter who it was, they would have a question when they were young. Luo Zheng also had this question.
When he was very, very young, Luo Zheng's father was still alive. At that time, the young Luo Zheng asked his father for the first time, "What is at the end of the Eastern Domain?"
His father told Luo Zheng, "The end of the Eastern Domain is the Central Domain."
"Where is the end of the Central Domain?"
"The end of the Central Domain is the sea …"
"What about the end of the sea?"
His father couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question. He only gave Luo Zheng a book of myths and told Luo Zheng to read the answer himself.
According to myths and legends, the end of the sea was a cliff, and the seawater of the entire boundless world was constantly pouring into it!
"Then … what is at the bottom of the cliff?"
The young Luo Zheng had such a question. Unfortunately, no one could answer him. There was no record of this in the book of myths and legends.
As Luo Zheng's distance increased again, Luo Zheng's field of vision also became wider and wider. Those continents were now black dots, and the surrounding was the boundless sea!
"The border, where is it …"
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over and finally found the end of the sea!
It was actually a vast expanse of white fog!
The fog was like a wall, cutting into the sea.
The entire boundless world was divided by a huge wall of white fog, forming a rhombus-shaped world!
"How can this be?"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's heart was also filled with excitement.
When Luo Zheng's line of sight passed through the wall formed by the white fog, what he saw was the boundless sea …
"Those seas … don't belong to the boundless world I'm in. It should be another boundless world," Luo Zheng murmured. "It turns out that the boundless worlds are closely connected to each other. But where is the end of the boundless world?"
Now, Luo Zheng's consciousness was still flying faster. Presumably, it wouldn't be long before the answer was revealed.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood what it meant to roam the universe.
The boundless space in the universe seemed to be endless. Even though Luo Zheng was flying so fast, those distant stars didn't change at all for Luo Zheng. It was as if the distance between them didn't decrease at all. This was because the distance was too far. Even though Luo Zheng's consciousness floated so far away, the distance between him and those stars was only one trillionth …
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's consciousness was constantly speeding up!
After a long period of time, Luo Zheng turned his head back to look again.
At this time, Luo Zheng could clearly see the boundless worlds below. Every boundless world was separated by four walls formed by white fog. From afar, it looked like the scales on the skin of some kind of fierce beast!
"What's that!"
Luo Zheng noticed that there was a giant beast on these scales!
The giant beast was black all over. Its appearance looked like a turtle, and it was crawling slowly.
How could Luo Zheng not sigh?
This rhombus-shaped "scale" was a boundless world, and that giant beast covered more than a dozen boundless worlds and was still crawling!
This meant that this giant beast was bigger than more than a dozen boundless worlds. According to its huge size, it could almost crush a boundless world with one step. This …