In fact, at this moment, Luo Zheng was just a wisp of consciousness, so naturally, he was not breathing. It was completely an instinctive reaction from being shocked by the scene in front of him.
How could he have imagined that such a huge beast existed in this world?
Although there were nine true dragons in Luo Zheng's mind, they had always been in different forms.
However, these nine true dragons had always existed in a special form. Luo Zheng couldn't really realize their size, but Luo Zheng guessed that even the nine true dragons couldn't be as big as that giant beast!
What did such a huge beast live on? If it kept moving like this, wouldn't it have destroyed countless Great Thousand Worlds? What kind of food did it feed on? How did it grow to such a huge extent?
There were no answers to all of these.
Now that Luo Zheng's consciousness had left his body, he could not ask Qinglong. It seemed that he would have to wait until his consciousness returned to his body before he could ask the answer to this question.
However, Luo Zheng was still somewhat worried.
This unimaginably huge beast was not far from the Great Thousand World where Luo Zheng was. Although Luo Zheng did not know the route of this huge beast, if it turned a little and passed by that Great Thousand World, it could probably crush it with one step!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng showed a helpless smile.
He was still too small. In this boundless universe, Luo Zheng was not even comparable to a grain of sand.
Even in the Great Thousand World where Luo Zheng was, he was just one of the trillions of creatures. His worries were purely groundless.
As Luo Zheng continued to increase in distance, Luo Zheng saw a grayish-brown tree growing on top of the densely packed "scales"! The roots of the tree penetrated dozens of "scales". In other words, the roots alone had penetrated dozens of Great Thousand Worlds.
The height of this tree was even more terrifying. It was a hundred times longer than the roots of the tree …
If this tree fell down, it would probably cover thousands of Great Thousand Worlds in a straight line. Moreover, with the width of the trunk of this tree, this number would probably be multiplied by ten times.
Now, Luo Zheng could only sigh.
The speed of Luo Zheng's consciousness was still increasing. He was moving away from the densely packed scales at an even faster speed. At the same time, Luo Zheng discovered more things on the scales. For example, there was an immeasurable mountain and a circle of huge stone formations ….
"Huff huff huff …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng sensed an abnormal passivity in the Great Void ahead.
He raised his head and saw a pitch-black object spinning not far away to his left.
Black …
Luo Zheng could only use this word to describe that thing.
In fact, that thing didn't have any color at all. It just kept sucking in everything, including light. That was why it looked like this.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's consciousness was not affected by external forces. Although that black thing was terrifying, it was unable to pull Luo Zheng's consciousness into it.
As his consciousness continued to move, Luo Zheng finally approached the first star!
The star in front of him was ice blue in color. From afar, it seemed to be slowly rotating. As Luo Zheng's consciousness approached the star, he suddenly felt a powerful will coming from it!
Luo Zheng's wisp of consciousness suddenly felt a bone-chilling cold, as if it were placed in a world of ice and snow. It was incomparably cold.
"This is the will of the star? It … it has its own thoughts? " Looking at this spinning sphere, Luo Zheng revealed a look of awe. "This star seems to be rejecting me!"
In a situation where he couldn't communicate with it, Luo Zheng's consciousness continued to climb. He could only search for the next star.
According to the Crimson Dragon, the more power of the stars one could draw upon, the more powerful the Stellar Battle Body would be. If one could completely communicate with the stars in the sky, just how powerful would the Stellar Battle Body be? No wonder the Stellar Battle Body could be called a transcendent divine might!
Only such a powerful cultivation method could bear the title of 'transcendent'.
After circling around this ice blue star, Luo Zheng's consciousness continued to wander through the great void, shuttling deeper and deeper into the starry skies.
The distance between each star was abnormally great. Luckily, by using the secret skills of the Stellar Battle Body, his consciousness seemed to be able to travel through space at an infinite speed. Before long, Luo Zheng found the next star.
This was a milky white star. On the surface of this star, there was a huge whirlpool. The whirlpool was like a storm that stretched for thousands of miles. It was rotating slowly. From afar, it was as if someone had poured a cup of milk into this star to form such a huge whirlpool.
"This star … is still rejecting me!" A bitter smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. As soon as he approached the star, Luo Zheng felt its will.
Next star …
The third star was a deep crimson red. The surface of this star burned with raging flames. As he approached this star, he discovered that the surface of this star was covered in a massive flame. If this flame erupted, it would be thousands of miles high!
"It's roaring at me. This star's will is actually so irritable. It seems that its temper isn't too good." Luo Zheng was speechless. Although he didn't want to use the word 'temper' to describe the will of these stars, these stars were just like people. They had all sorts of personalities. Some were gentle, some were irritable, and some were quiet …
After continuously passing over 40 stars, Luo Zheng encountered all sorts of 'rejections'.
Finally, Luo Zheng stopped beneath a light purple star.
As Luo Zheng approached this light purple star, he could feel a gentle will coming from this star.
If stars were divided into genders, then Luo Zheng would rather describe this star as a woman. This star didn't reject him. On the contrary, Luo Zheng could feel a will of acceptance!
"Did I succeed?"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
According to the crimson dragon, this was his first time communicating with a star. It was extremely difficult to draw upon the power of the star!
But he seemed to have succeeded?
A vast and invisible will wrapped Luo Zheng's consciousness within it. Although Luo Zheng's consciousness couldn't feel any warmth, he still felt as if he was in a mother's body.
Subsequently, Luo Zheng established a connection with this light purple star. It was as if he could perceive the thoughts of this star.
Luo Zheng quietly gazed at this purple star. It seemed to be telling him something. The will of the star was constantly fluctuating, as if an otherworldly woman was speaking tirelessly, faintly expressing her thoughts. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng couldn't decipher its meaning …
After communicating with the first star, Luo Zheng didn't choose to withdraw his consciousness. Instead, he continued to fly towards the next star.
The number of stars in the vault of heaven was nearly impossible to measure with numbers. Luo Zheng flew past over a hundred stars, but without exception, he was rejected.
"It looks like I was too greedy …" Luo Zheng faintly thought.
Finally, Luo Zheng gave up on looking for a new star. This was his first time communicating with a star and he had established a connection with it. To Luo Zheng, this was already an extremely good result. Thus, Luo Zheng chose to return home.
To use his consciousness to wander the great void was an unimaginable matter for Luo Zheng. But, by relying on the arcane skills of his transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng was able to accomplish this.
On the way back, Luo Zheng's eyes once again focused on those 'scales'. He was now extremely far away from those dense 'scales', but Luo Zheng still wasn't able to see where these 'scales' ended. This was because the ends were completely covered in darkness, as if not even light could reach those places!
"Boundless worlds are connected to boundless worlds … since there are millions upon millions of boundless worlds, then what is at the end of these millions of boundless worlds?"
Luo Zheng lightly shook his head. He was currently unable to explore this place.
The arcane skills of the Stellar War Body seemed to draw support from the gravitational forces of these stars in the vault of heaven to pull his consciousness up. Thus, he was able to maintain such a high speed as he approached these stars. He was also able to touch the gravitational forces of these stars and travel between them.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't able to use his own strength to travel through the great void. Then, in the even more distant depths of space, the edges of the boundless worlds, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to explore with his current strength.