After a long time, Luo Zheng slowly retracted his consciousness …
Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled. Then, he took a deep breath, opened his eyes, and looked at the deep sky full of stars.
Fei-er kept a distance of dozens of feet from Luo Zheng. Her slender body leaned against the edge of a building, and her beautiful eyes silently watched Luo Zheng. She could see that Luo Zheng seemed a little strange, but she could not tell where it came from.
"Is it fun to roam the Great Void?" the red dragon asked with a laugh.
Luo Zheng had been shocked too much in the Great Void, and he was still thinking about it. At this moment, Luo Zheng's consciousness was still in communication with the lavender star. He tilted his head slightly and looked at a corner of the sky.
Even though Luo Zheng's eyesight was amazing, he could distinguish the lavender star at a glance.
"How do I draw upon the power of the star after establishing a connection with it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"What! You succeeded? "the red dragon asked in astonishment.
It had taken the red dragon five years to draw upon the star!
The wills of the stars were almost impossible to tame. The probability of gaining the recognition of a star was pitifully small. In the past five years, the crimson dragon had roamed the Great Void for a total of five years in order to communicate with the stars. He had traveled countless times before he found the first star that was willing to accept him.
Luo Zheng … How long had it been? He had actually gained the recognition of a star on his first trip to the Great Void. At this moment, the red dragon was so shocked that he was speechless.
Qinglong said faintly, "Seventh Brother, don't forget about Luo Zheng's Birth Chart."
"Ha ha, you're right, you're right …" The red dragon had forgotten that Luo Zheng had the Birth Chart of the Battle of the Ages.
The True Dragon Clan was very powerful, and the red dragon's strength had been unimaginably strong. However, his providence might not be as strong as Luo Zheng's.
In the universe, warriors who had the Birth Chart of the Battle of the Ages were all favored by heaven and earth. How many creatures could have a better providence than Luo Zheng's?
After gaining the approval of a star, one would be able to draw upon the power of the star.
According to the method in the 《Stars Battle Body》, Luo Zheng slightly thought. The star on the horizon suddenly flapped, and a faint starlight appeared on the surface of his body.
Not far away, Fei-er's eyes suddenly widened!
She was clearly unable to figure out why a strand of faint light would suddenly appear on Luo Zheng's body. Even though Fei 'er wasn't aware that it was starlight, the Yaowu Clan had always been extremely sensitive towards energy, and that layer of light actually caused her to feel horrified!
Just what kind of cultivation technique was this fellow cultivating? Fei 'er also had a deep question in her heart. However, it was not appropriate for her to ask this question. Every martial artist had their own secrets, not to mention that Luo Zheng was a human. Of course, it was impossible for him to tell her.
The first half of the 《Stars Battle Body》 had a total of eight styles.
After drawing upon the starlight, Luo Zheng nearly wanted to use it as soon as possible. But, he forcibly restrained himself. The reason he had left the Tower of Sin was to draw upon the starlight. If he wanted to cultivate, then it would be better to rent a training chamber. Luo Zheng didn't want to reveal too much of his transcendent divine might in front of others.
If it weren't for Fei-er helping him and leading him to the Tower of Sin, then Luo Zheng might have already found an excuse to drive her away …
After Luo Zheng returned to the Tower of Sin, he immediately stepped onto the martial stage.
In just a single day, the martial artists of the first floor had already realized that Luo Zheng was not an opponent they could defeat.
The demon race's Lord Moon Guardian had already warned the demons of the first floor not to attack Luo Zheng.
As for the martial artists of the other races, after weighing their own worth, none of them dared to step onto the martial stage!
Like this, Luo Zheng encountered the so-called 'empty stage'. As long as the stage was empty for three consecutive days, Luo Zheng would be able to advance.
After leaving the martial stage, Luo Zheng returned to his training chamber and immersed himself in his cultivation. Although there was no Light of Good Fortune to help Luo Zheng increase his cultivation, there were still many things that Luo Zheng needed to digest at this stage.
On the second day, Luo Zheng once again stepped onto the martial stage. Once again, he encountered an 'empty stage'; no one dared to challenge him.
After three consecutive days of being empty, Luo Zheng finally obtained the authority to advance to the next floor.
Without stopping, Luo Zheng entered the next floor of the Tower of Sin.
The entire Tower of Sin was divided into 15 floors.
According to Fei-er, the first to fifth floors were basically the world of warriors. But from the fifth floor onward, that was the world of warriors. As for those that could enter the tenth floor, they were basically all war lord powerhouses.
The facilities on the second floor were practically identical to those on the first floor of the Tower of Sin.
However, the warriors on the second floor were slightly stronger than those on the first floor.
As soon as he stepped onto the second floor, Luo Zheng saw a woman from the Demon Night Clan standing in the middle of the martial stage. At this moment, however, no one dared to step onto the stage!
Just like Luo Zheng, the woman from the Demon Night Clan had encountered an 'empty stage'.
The individuals of the Demon Night Clan were originally much stronger than the other races. Moreover, this woman from the Demon Night Clan was a warrior. The second floor of the Tower of Sin was only slightly stronger than the first floor. Most of the people on the second floor were warriors. It was obvious that the woman from the Demon Night Clan had encountered an 'empty stage'.
"Ah! It's Zi Yu! She actually came to the Tower of Sin! "Fei-er suddenly exclaimed from behind him.
The woman from the Demon Night Clan was called Zi Yu. She was also a genius from the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land.
Because the Demon Night Clan was much stronger than the other races, they would go to the Tower of Sin when they were warriors to quickly increase their cultivation.
However, Zi Yu had been cultivating in seclusion in the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land. She had only entered the Tower of Sin after becoming a rank 5 warrior.
"She's a god-tier genius from our Sacred Land! She's very strong. Although she's only a rank 5 warrior and my cultivation is higher than hers … I shouldn't be her match, "Fei-er said.
"A god-tier genius from the Demon Night Clan …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Seeing Luo Zheng's eagerness, Fei-er advised, "I don't recommend you challenge Zi Yu. It's better for you to wait until she announces an 'empty stage' before going onto the stage!"
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng revealed a noncommittal smile.
On the stage, Zi Yu arrogantly scanned the surroundings and said coldly, "Is there anyone else who dares to challenge me?"
She had already been "empty" for three consecutive days. During these three days, no one dared to challenge her.
In fact, Zi Yu was very dissatisfied with the rules of the Tower of Sin. Why did she have to be empty for three consecutive days before she could advance to the next floor? It was a waste of her time!
Zi Yu's goal was to quickly enter the tenth floor. With her strength, she could win the most Light of Creation and cultivate the fastest if she stayed on the tenth floor.
What made Zi Yu the most speechless was that she had been "empty" for two consecutive days on the second floor. On the third day, a fool who didn't know what was good for him challenged her. In her anger, Zi Yu directly killed him! However, because she wasn't "empty" on the third day, she had to wait for three more days.
Fortunately, her previous instant kill was still very deterrent. Finally, no fool dared to challenge her. She just needed to wait a little longer and she would obtain the authority to advance to the third floor!
However, at this time, a figure walked onto the stage. This person was Luo Zheng.
In fact, Zi Yu didn't want anyone to appear on the stage. It wasn't that Zi Yu feared the opponents on this floor. No matter how strong her opponent was, whether or not Zi Yu defeated them, according to the rules, she had to start "empty" again. In other words, she had to delay for three more days before she could enter the third floor of the Tower of Sin!
Thus, when Zi Yu saw Luo Zheng walk onto the stage, she nearly went mad with anger.
Zi Yu looked up and down at Luo Zheng, her eyes abnormally cold. "There really is a warrior who dares to recklessly challenge me! It seems that my methods last time weren't cruel enough. I didn't leave you with a painful lesson. This time, I should be more ruthless! "
"How ruthless?" Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Zi Yu took out a short dagger from her spatial ring and said, "A ruthless method that will make you feel despair."
＝＝＝＝＝