Purple Jade's goal was to reach the tenth floor of the Sin Tower in one and a half months.
According to the rules of the Sin Tower, the fastest way to level up was one month. From the first day one stepped into the Sin Tower, no one dared to challenge them!
In the past, there were a few creatures who used a month to reach the tenth floor, but they were all War Reverends.
Some geniuses from other races, for some reason, stayed in seclusion in their Sacred Lands and only chose to enter the Sin Tower after reaching the War Reverend level.
From the first floor to the fifth floor, there were Warriors, and from the sixth to the tenth floor, there were Generals.
Unless one met a War Reverend who was also trying to break through, naturally no one would challenge a War Reverend. After a month of being empty, one could reach the tenth floor as quickly as possible.
As for a War Reverend wanting to reach the tenth floor in a month, it was very unlikely because Purple Jade would encounter a War Reverend who was also trying to break through. Regardless of whether these War Reverends could defeat Purple Jade or not, they would have to delay her for a day!
Encountering a War Reverend was one thing, but this was the rule. That was why Purple Jade had given herself an extra fifteen days to deal with these blind idiots.
The problem was …
This guy in front of her was a Warrior, an eighth rank Warrior! And he was from the human race!
Since when did a cowardly human race have the courage to challenge her noble Demon Night Clan?
Purple Jade's beautiful eyes revealed endless killing intent. This killing intent, coupled with her almost perfect face, made people feel both moved and fearful. The two different feelings formed a sharp contrast, giving everyone a very special feeling!
"As expected of a near-perfect race. Every woman in the Demon Night Clan is a first-rate beauty." Luo Zheng slowly drew his sword.
"Sacred Artifact?" Purple Jade's slender eyebrows twitched, "Since when did your Purple Heart Holy Lands become so extravagant, giving a Sacred Artifact to a Warrior?"
"Xiu!" Luo Zheng lightly waved his sword and smiled, "I'm not from the Purple Heart Holy Lands."
Purple Jade coldly smiled, "I don't care who you are. Howl for me!"
She stood on tiptoe like a female leopard and suddenly rushed out. The Vital Spirit in her body bloomed with a faint light, leaving behind a graceful shadow in the arena.
"Very agile." Luo Zheng smiled faintly and gently twisted his long sword. It was still the Basic Swordsmanship!
After Luo Zheng's constant practice of the Basic Swordsmanship, the sword moves seemed to be slowly evolving.
This basic sword technique had been created after countless efforts by the predecessors. Through Luo Zheng, it had been further simplified to the extreme. However, the extreme simplicity was not the end!
Luo Zheng had a vague realization. He wanted to make the basic swordsmanship complex!
Going from complex to simple was a kind of evolution, and going from simple to complex was another kind of evolution!
A true grandmaster was able to create their own ultimate skills. No matter what level of cultivation method it was, it wasn't something that came from a stone but was created by a living being. Even a transcendent divine might was the same.
Luo Zheng was very clear that as long as he walked down this path, he would eventually be able to create his own unique skill!
"Ding!"
Luo Zheng's response was extremely fast. Facing Purple Jade's close-range attack, he used his sword to completely block her attack.
Luo Zheng didn't retreat. Instead, he used his sword to block Purple Jade's dagger. Then, Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity and rushed forwards!
Purple Jade was immediately confused.
Her speed was clearly fast! Let alone a human warrior, even a human general would be sent flying backwards by the impact of her attack even if they used a saint artifact to block it. But Luo Zheng was like a mountain, steadily standing in front of her and blocking her attack with his simple and crude sword skills!
Luo Zheng had a light smile on his face.
Purple Jade's strength should be greater than the Void Spirit Sect's Little Jie's. Her bodily strength and explosive power, as well as the innate advantages of her race, were far greater than Little Jie's. However, Purple Jade's comprehension of Laws was much lower. This was also because she was a body transformation cultivator!
"Wild Storm Stab!"
She was originally prepared to send Luo Zheng flying and then cut off Luo Zheng's flesh piece by piece! The more miserable he was, the more she would be able to intimidate those idiots in the Tower of Sin. Otherwise, if she couldn't obtain an empty stage, she didn't know when she would be able to reach the tenth level!
Facing Luo Zheng's crude sword skills, Purple Jade's dagger was like a raging storm, instantly stabbing out countless times!
"Sword Hanger." Luo Zheng faintly smiled. His sword moved horizontally, completely sealing himself from top to bottom.
Ding ding ding ding ding ding …
A series of crisp and pleasant sounds could be heard as the dagger and sword clashed countless times in an instant.
The thin three foot long sword was like an airtight shield that blocked in front of Luo Zheng!
"Ding!"
Purple Jade's explosive power was also limited. Whether it was vital essence or physical strength, they weren't as long lasting as vital essence. After a short burst, Luo Zheng's sword once again crushed Purple Jade's dagger. Luo Zheng lightly pressed down, and the two still maintained an "intimate" distance.
The tips of their noses were almost touching …
Purple Jade's chest heaved up and down. Her Wild Storm Stab could instantly deal a fatal blow to her opponent. Once Purple Jade used this move, it was practically a death sentence! Purple Jade once had a powerful opponent who was a rank eight battle general!
It was after Purple Jade used this move that the rank eight battle general was directly torn to pieces by her dagger. There wasn't a single piece of intact flesh on his body!
However, this human warrior in front of her actually used a sword to block all her attacks!
"How is this possible?" Purple Jade's eyes were filled with horror, and it was even a little flustered.
The members of the Demon Night Clan were originally very slender. With her boots on, she was slightly taller than Luo Zheng. "Wild Storm Stab" consumed a lot of physical strength. As she breathed heavily, her fragrant breath directly blew on Luo Zheng's face.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was still looking at her with that zombie-like face!
"It's indeed quite ruthless." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"You're mocking me!"
Purple Jade gritted her teeth and suddenly exerted force with her dagger. The short blade of the dagger pulled along the edge of Luo Zheng's long sword, and fierce sparks blossomed under the pull of the two weapons.
Whoosh!
A sharp and ear-piercing sound rang out. Then, like a snake, she wrapped around Luo Zheng's side.
In close combat, short weapons had a greater advantage than long weapons, so Purple Jade didn't plan to pull away from Luo Zheng.
However, just as Purple Jade wrapped around Luo Zheng's side and was about to stretch out her slender arms to wrap around Luo Zheng's neck, Luo Zheng lowered his head slightly.
If Purple Jade really did wrap around Luo Zheng's neck, then she would stuff the dagger into his neck. Although Luo Zheng believed that he was stronger than Purple Jade, he wouldn't be arrogant!
Because of Luo Zheng's gentle turn, the cub missed. Then, Luo Zheng turned around and blocked the cub's attack with his long sword, slashing horizontally at the cub's upright buttocks.
Seeing this scene, Fei 'er immediately panicked. She even covered her mouth and screamed.
On the spectator stands, a member of the Demon Night Clan suddenly stood up. He was a war sovereign of the Demon Night Clan!
As a god-tier genius of the Demon Night Clan's sacred land, Purple Jade naturally couldn't be allowed to enter the Tower of Sin alone. Thus, there were elders of the Demon Night Clan watching over her.
According to the war sovereign's estimation, Purple Jade's strength should allow her to pass through the first nine floors of the Tower of Sin without any trouble. As for the human kid in front of him …
Although the war sovereign found it strange that there was a female of the same clan following him, Luo Zheng was just a warrior! Humans were weak to begin with. Even a rank-10 warrior wasn't Purple Jade's match, let alone a mere warrior. Naturally, he wasn't worried.
However, he didn't expect the battle to be so one-sided. Thus, when he saw Luo Zheng slashing at Purple Jade's butt, the war sovereign's mind went blank. With the sharpness of Luo Zheng's holy weapon, Purple Jade would probably be cut in half. If Purple Jade died, how was he going to explain it to the elders of the Demon Night Clan?
The other creatures in the spectator stands also had very rich expressions on their faces.
Most of them couldn't believe what they were seeing!
The human race had always been weak on the Sea God Continent, but a prodigy of this level had actually appeared. They wondered if they were seeing things. Luo Zheng was clearly a human warrior!
Slap!
Luo Zheng's sword suddenly turned slightly and hit the cub's buttocks with the blade.