Luo Zheng was very clear about his goal.
His first goal in the Tower of Sin was to cultivate, and his second goal was to obtain the inheritance beneath the Tower of Sin.
The Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan were both top clans on the Sea God's Continent, while the Human Race seemed to be extremely weak on this continent. As soon as Luo Zheng arrived on the Sea God's Continent, he had already formed a grudge with the Demon Race. Naturally, he wasn't stupid enough to form a deadly grudge with the Demon Night Clan.
Although Luo Zheng had used his sword to hit the cub, the force behind the blow was still very strong. The cub, who was hit on the butt by Luo Zheng, stumbled forward, looking very embarrassed.
The Demon Night Clan had always been arrogant and elegant, so how could they allow themselves to be humiliated in front of so many people? The moment the cub fell to the ground, it stretched out its hand and agilely pushed against the ground like some kind of reptile. Then, it flipped over, intending to counterattack!
Whoosh!
However, Luo Zheng's movements were very fast.
The long sword was already pressed against the cub's snow-white neck, and the tip of the sword hummed slightly. As long as Luo Zheng raised his hand, with the sharpness of the sacred weapon, the cub's head would fall to the ground.
Although the cub was angry and embarrassed, it didn't lose its mind. Before coming to the Tower of Sin, it had already understood the rules countless times!
In the Holy Land, it was the pride of the heavens. Who dared to take its life? However, in the arena, no one could protect it. Although the Demon Night Clan had many seats in the Tower of Sin, the rules set by so many clans couldn't be changed for a god-tier genius like itself.
If she was killed by Luo Zheng, the Demon Night Clan would avenge her, but in the end, she was already dead!
"Admit defeat, and I won't take your life." Luo Zheng's expression was already calm. It wasn't that he didn't know how to be protective of the fairer sex, but in this place, if he was careless, Luo Zheng could be killed by the cub. Luo Zheng was already giving her a lot of face by sparing her life.
"I … admit defeat," the cub said after recognizing the situation in front of it, even though its face was full of resentment.
Then, the Light of Creation in the cub's nameplate suddenly shot into Luo Zheng's nameplate.
The Light of Creation was a reward for the victor, and the amount of Light of Creation one had depended on the amount of Light of Creation one's opponent had.
Purple Jade was a warlord, so those who dared to challenge Purple Jade were at least warlords. Therefore, Luo Zheng obtained ten times more Light of Creation than before!
Having a high cultivation base also had its benefits. Just like when Luo Zheng had just entered the first floor of the Tower of Sin, those who dared to challenge Luo Zheng were all warriors. However, those warriors hadn't accumulated much Light of Good Fortune to begin with, so the points they obtained were pitifully few.
The cub glared fiercely at Luo Zheng and stepped out of the arena.
At this moment, Fei-er also breathed a sigh of relief. She hadn't expected Luo Zheng to walk into the arena for so long …
Although Fei-er had seen Luo Zheng's escape speed and was able to escape from three warlords of the Demon Race, which was considered incredible among warriors, she couldn't estimate Luo Zheng's true strength. Although Fei-er didn't treat Luo Zheng as an ordinary warrior, she didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so strong.
There was another round of whispers in the audience.
"No wonder Lord Moon Guardian told us not to throw our lives away. Although this guy is a human warrior, he can even defeat a warlord of the Demon Night Clan!"
"Is he only a warlord of the Demon Night Clan? Hehe, that woman from the Demon Night Clan is a god-level genius from the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land. She can't be treated as an ordinary warlord! But even so, she was still defeated by that human warrior! "
"Aren't humans more difficult to deal with when they reach the warlord or warlord realm? When did the Purple Heart Holy Land nurture such a super genius? "
"He just said that he didn't come from the Purple Heart Holy Land …"
"If this guy is allowed to fight his way through floor by floor, I'm afraid the human race will really have one more seat!"
All kinds of discussions revolved around Luo Zheng. All the races stared at Luo Zheng and whispered.
"Who else wants to challenge me?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the crowd fell silent.
"Isn't there a famous beastman called Tito on the second floor? Where's Tito? Why don't I see him? "
"Are you kidding me? Tito is only a tenth-level warrior. Although he successfully defeated three warlords, he can't be Zi Yu's match, let alone this kid's match!"
"Those who know their limits won't dare to go up. That kid is willing to let the Demon Night Clan go, but that doesn't mean he'll let the other races go!"
Zi Yu had already intimidated everyone before. Now that Luo Zheng had defeated Zi Yu, this deterrence was actually strengthened. Who would dare to go up and seek death? Moreover, Luo Zheng's deeds on the first floor had already spread to the second floor. Who would dare to seek death now?
After a long while, no one dared to step up. No one challenged Luo Zheng, which meant that Luo Zheng had won the first day. For three consecutive days, Luo Zheng could advance freely!
Luo Zheng was quite satisfied with this result.
As for Zi Yu from the Demon Night Clan, she was quite dissatisfied.
Zi Yu walked out of the arena angrily, and the warlord from the Demon Night Clan hurriedly followed her.
When had Zi Yu ever suffered such a huge setback and humiliation?
Even in the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land, where geniuses were everywhere, she was still one of the best!
Not to mention that the opponent she had lost to was not just a human, but a human fighter as well. If it were not for the fact that her martial heart was extremely tough, someone else would have probably suffered a devastating blow.
"I … I must kill him!" Zi Yu shouted angrily.
"This human kid is not simple. You're not his match right now." The warlord from the Demon Night Clan was very calm.
"I don't care! If ordinary methods can't kill him, then I'll use Heavenly Execution! "Zi Yu said coldly.
Hearing Zi Yu's words, the warlord from the Demon Night Clan's expression changed. He immediately said, "Zi Yu, don't do anything stupid. Heavenly Execution … can only be used as a last resort. Have you forgotten the elder's advice?"
"A last resort? It's a last resort now! "Zi Yu was very stubborn.
"Actually, you don't have to be so anxious. Since he entered the Sin Tower, he's naturally cultivating. You'll encounter him sooner or later. It won't be too late to challenge him when you're truly strong … There seems to be a woman from our Demon Night Clan by his side. I don't know which branch she's from, but I'll ask her about it first." The warlord from the Demon Night Clan was helpless and could only console Zi Yu like this.
"I'm truly strong?" Zi Yu was startled, but when she thought about it, the gloominess on her face grew even more intense. "That kid won't grow?"
That kid was able to defeat her when he was just a warrior. If he became a general, would she still be a match for him?
In truth, the warlord from the Demon Night Clan was well aware of this as well. However, in order to console Zi Yu, he could only advise her like this … But now, it seemed like his advice was useless. In the end, the warlord from the Demon Night Clan could only sigh in his heart. But that was fine as well. That kid didn't seem to want to kill Zi Yu.
Zi Yu was too arrogant, so it wasn't a bad thing for her to suffer a little setback in the Sin Tower. She could treat it as tempering her Martial Heart.
After Luo Zheng obtained the 'empty stage', he left the arena with Fei 'er following closely behind him.
Just like Zi Yu, Luo Zheng wanted to enter the higher levels of the Sin Tower as soon as possible. He wasn't interested in fighting the warriors, but the rules of the Sin Tower were as such, so Luo Zheng couldn't do anything about it.
This time, as soon as Luo Zheng arrived at the living area on the second floor, he saw many women on the side of the living area.
There were women from all sorts of races. Demons, beastmen, humans … There were even women from the Demon Night Clan!
All of these women wore revealing clothes and had seductive figures. They emitted the most primitive temptation.
"These women …" Luo Zheng glanced at them in confusion.
"Prostitutes," Fei 'er replied straightforwardly. "The pressure in the Sin Tower is very great, and all cultivators need to vent. It's very common to see them on the first floor to the tenth floor."
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. It was fine if they were from the human race and the Demon Night Clan, but there were also some from the beastmen and demons. With Luo Zheng's aesthetic standards, he naturally couldn't accept them.
Luo Zheng didn't stay here. Just as he was about to leave, a human woman walked out from the other side and blocked his path. She smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "Handsome, someone wants to talk to you."
The woman before him was a complete beauty. When he heard her, Luo Zheng smiled and asked, "How many true origin stones for a night?"