Actually, when Luo Zheng first stepped into the Tower of Sin, he had seen this woman.
At that time, this woman was standing next to the human warrior called Xing Hui and didn't say a word.
However, this famous Purple Heart Sacred Ground gave Luo Zheng a very bad impression. If this Sacred Ground was filled with idiots like Xing Hui, Luo Zheng felt that there was no need for him to interact with them.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng saw this woman looking for him, he naturally didn't treat her well!
Xia Shuang was very angry!
She was a genius of the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, a rank 9 warrior! How could Xia Shuang tolerate being treated as a prostitute by Luo Zheng?
However, her angry expression only flashed for a moment, and after her chest shook violently, she actually laughed, "Okay, I'll tell you in advance, I'm very expensive. I don't know if you can afford it!"
This woman's temperament wasn't bad, much better than that guy called Xing Hui, Luo Zheng thought indifferently. There was no need for Luo Zheng to continue this kind of joke. Luo Zheng wasn't someone who couldn't walk when he saw a woman, so Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Speak, who wants to see me?"
Seeing that Luo Zheng's tone had softened, Xia Shuang also let out a sigh of relief. That bastard Xing Hui, he offended Luo Zheng the last time he came and made things so troublesome. In the end, she had to take action. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's tone had softened, and he didn't seem to hold a grudge too much!
In the Central Domain and the four Divine Kingdoms, because the human race was powerful, there was internal strife, strife, and hatred.
However, in the Sea God Continent, the human race was too weak, so they could only rely on each other for warmth. Every genius born from the human race was very important! Because these geniuses represented the future of the human race. In the eyes of the Demon Race and many other races, Luo Zheng was a thorn in their flesh, a thorn in their flesh. They wanted to pull him out, but to the Human Race, he was undoubtedly a genius worth nurturing, so they couldn't let him go!
Putting aside his previous performance on the first floor of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng easily defeated a god-ranked genius of the Demon Night Clan with the strength of a fighter of the eighth stage!
This kind of strength was unprecedented in the history of the human race!
Humans had never been the main characters on the Sea God Continent. They couldn't even maintain their status as supporting characters.
Just like the Human Race cultivators, it was common for them to be challenged by other races. There was even a rumor among the Human Race that they were an inferior race that didn't deserve to compete with other races!
This kind of rumor almost destroyed the confidence of the younger generation of the human race!
How terrifying would it be for a race to lose their self-confidence? However, every time a few geniuses appeared in the Human Race, they would be brutally abused by the other races after entering the Tower of Sin. This news would be spread again and again, causing a huge blow to their confidence!
With Luo Zheng's appearance, the Human Race's War Reverends in the Tower of Sin saw hope. At the same time, they quickly passed the news to the elders of the Purple Heart Holy Lands. Although those old monsters of the War Saint realm couldn't enter the Cursed Lands, they still passed on all kinds of strategies to the Tower of Sin!
Luo Zheng didn't know how happy those old monsters of the Purple Heart Holy Lands were when they saw the video of Luo Zheng's battle.
According to Xia Shuang's information, the elders of the Purple Heart Holy Lands had already given the order to protect Luo Zheng and nurture him!
Once Luo Zheng became a War General, he might become the banner of the Human Race's younger generation, giving the other races endless confidence. And if Luo Zheng became a War Reverend, he might even help the Human Race obtain a new seat!
This was also why Xia Shuang could resist Luo Zheng's teasing!
"It's our Human Race's War Reverend, Lord Jing," Xia Shuang replied truthfully.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Lead the way!"
Under Xia Shuang's lead, they made many turns in the residential area before arriving at a wine shop.
The facilities in the residential area were very complete. Many races operated all kinds of services here. Wine shops, gambling houses, brothels, almost every level had them!
In the wine shop, there was already someone waiting there.
That person was dressed in grey clothes. His appearance was very ordinary, but he had a divine aura.
"Young hero Luo! It's an honor to meet you! "When that person saw Luo Zheng, he was surprisingly polite and cupped his fists towards him.
When the other cultivators in the wine shop saw this scene, they all had strange expressions on their faces.
War Reverend and Warrior, there was only a difference of one word. The difference in status and realm between the two was like heaven and earth. Why was this Human Race's War Reverend so respectful to Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng also returned the greeting and asked, "Is this Lord Jing?"
"Sit down first," Lord Jing waved his hand, and the few of them sat down.
"Young hero Luo, you're not from the Purple Heart Holy Land, right?" Lord Jing asked straightforwardly. They had already investigated Luo Zheng's identity in detail. Although there were many cultivators in the Purple Heart Holy Land, with Luo Zheng's monstrous talent, it was impossible for him to be a nobody in the Holy Land.
"Yes, I'm not from the Purple Heart Holy Land," Luo Zheng replied honestly.
"Then may I ask where Luo Zheng is from?" Lord Jing asked.
On the Sea God Continent, other than the Purple Heart Holy Land, there were some extremely scattered sects. However, most of those sects were attached to the Holy Land. Otherwise, when faced with other races, ordinary sects would not be able to survive.
"Can I not answer?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
It was not that Luo Zheng was being secretive, but Luo Zheng felt that now was not the time to tell them.
Lord Jing did not force Luo Zheng. He nodded with a smile and said, "Since it's not convenient for Young hero Luo to say, then don't say it. However, I still want to ask, is Young hero Luo interested in joining my Purple Heart Holy Land?"
The Purple Heart Holy Land was actually a sixth-grade force established by the Human Clan. When a sect developed to sixth-grade, it was qualified to be called a Holy Land.
Luo Zheng originally came from the Cloud Hall, and he had no plans to join other Holy Lands for the time being.
Luo Zheng was very clear about the benefits of joining the Purple Heart Holy Land. However, in Luo Zheng's opinion, there was no need for him to do so for the time being. It was not that Luo Zheng was unwilling to betray the Cloud Hall. A sect's restrictions on its disciples did not depend on their status.
It was just that Luo Zheng did not lack cultivation methods and resources. Once he joined the Purple Heart Holy Land and became a member of the Holy Land, Luo Zheng would have to bear certain obligations.
Luo Zheng did not forget the purpose of his trip, which was to enter the lowest level of the Tower of Sin. If he joined the Purple Heart Holy Land, he was afraid that it would take more time. Luo Zheng could afford it, but … Luo Yan could not.
"Sorry, I am already a member of another sect," Luo Zheng replied.
Lord Jing originally wanted to ask which sect Luo Zheng was from, but he guessed that Luo Zheng would not answer, so he did not ask. However, when he heard that Luo Zheng refused his invitation, Lord Jing's face was slightly disappointed. His purpose today was to persuade Luo Zheng to join the Purple Heart Holy Land.
"As far as I know, there are very few sects of the Human Race on the Sea God Continent. There are only a few scattered Second Grade Sects. Nearly ninety percent of the Human Race is concentrated in our Purple Heart Holy Land. If Young Hero Luo joins my Purple Heart Holy Land, the Holy Land will definitely nurture Luo Zheng with all its might." Lord Jing paused for a moment, then continued, "Young Hero Luo should be clear about the status of the Human Race on the Sea God Continent. Some things should not only be considered for yourself, but also for our entire race!"
"I am very clear about what Lord Jing is saying, but I ask for Lord Jing's understanding. If I can help the Purple Heart Holy Land, I will naturally not refuse. However, I cannot agree to join the Purple Heart Holy Land." Luo Zheng decisively refused.
A helpless smile appeared on Lord Jing's face. He shook his head and said, "Since Young Hero Luo is unwilling, then it's fine. However, since you're willing to help, I'm relieved. Although our Human Race only has four seats in the Tower of Sin, we are still one of the fourteen major races. If there's anything we can help you with, please don't hesitate to ask."
"What is a seat?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A seat originally represents the qualification to enter the top of the tower. Only by obtaining a seat can one be qualified to enter the top of the tower." Lord Jing replied, "However, the current seat has another responsibility, and that is to set the rules and punishments of the Tower of Sin! On the fifteenth floor of the Tower of Sin, there are a total of 128 seats. Every now and then, the seats will be rotated according to the strength of the individual. Unfortunately, the number of seats for the Human Race is too small. Out of more than a hundred seats, only four are occupied. "
"The qualification to enter the top of the tower?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He had traveled thousands of miles to the Sea God Continent for this purpose!
＝＝＝＝＝