The Tower of Sin was an inverted tower with the top of the tower piercing deep into the ground.
To reach the bottom of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng had to reach the top of the Tower of Sin!
"What's at the top of the tower?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Immortal Tian Miao had told Luo Zheng that there was an extremely important inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. For this inheritance, Immortal Tian Miao had even given up the right to use the Path of Reincarnation. There must be a shocking secret hidden within.
However, Luo Zheng still had no idea what it was.
"You don't know?" Lord Jing looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression.
Many Sacred Grounds in the Sea God Continent had developed around the Tower of Sin. All the warriors in the Sea God Continent knew that if they wanted to reach a higher level, they had to enter the Tower of Sin! Only warriors who climbed to the top of the Tower of Sin would have the chance to stand at the top of the continent!
Even if Luo Zheng didn't come from the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, how could he not know anything about the Tower of Sin?
This information wasn't a secret. Lord Jing immediately told Luo Zheng, "At the bottom of the Tower of Sin, there's a huge cave. We call it the Mysterious Underworld Cave. That Mysterious Underworld Cave is filled with an intense Mysterious Underworld Death Ray for most of the year! Even a Tenth Level War Reverend would die instantly after being hit by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray! "
"Mysterious Underworld Death Ray? Killing a Tenth Level War Reverend in an instant! "Luo Zheng frowned.
In the Cursed Lands, the strongest warrior was a Tenth Level War Reverend. War Saints couldn't enter, otherwise, they would be cursed to death. Then, who else could enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave?
Lord Jing saw Luo Zheng's doubts and said, "Because of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray, most of the time, no one can enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. However, there's a month in a year when the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray will weaken greatly! Every year, at this time, all the races will enter the Tower of Sin to search for opportunities. "
There were two reasons why the Tower of Sin was important to the Sacred Grounds. Firstly, the Tower of Sin was an incubation base for warriors. As long as one's talent was strong enough, using the Light of Creation to increase one's cultivation would be a hundred times faster than outside! Secondly, the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
So far, the fortuitous encounters that the various Sacred Grounds had obtained in the Dark Nether Cave were unimaginable! Just like the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land, in fact, it was the human race's Purple Heart War Sovereign who obtained a seat in the Sin Tower and entered the Dark Nether Cave to obtain a great fortune!
It was because of this lucky chance that War Reverend Purple Heart was able to break through to the Divine Sea and lead humanity to establish the Purple Heart Holy Lands, allowing humanity to gain a foothold on the Sea God Continent.
"You must obtain a seat to enter the Xuanming Cave?" Luo Zheng asked.
Lord Jing faintly smiled and shook his head, "You don't have to obtain a seat. According to the rules of the Sin Tower, every seat has five spots to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. As long as you enter the tenth floor of the Sin Tower and obtain a spot, you can enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave."
"Our human race has four seats. That is to say, there are twenty seats in total?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right." Lord Jing nodded. "If you can enter the tenth level when the Xuanming Cave opens, we can consider giving you a spot."
Hearing Lord Jing's words, Luo Zheng's eyes brightened. He smiled and said, "Since that's the case, then I must thank Lord Jing."
Lord Jing shook his head, "Our human race has been weak for many years. We should help each other."
The truth was that these past years, the human race didn't lack powerhouses. On the contrary, the several old monsters of the Purple Heart Holy Lands were extremely strong. Otherwise, such a large Holy Land would have already been destroyed by the other races. The key point was that it had been a long time since a new powerhouse was born in the human race.
For instance, in the Monster Night Clan's Holy Land, there would be several martial artists like Purple Jade popping up every year. As for the human race, in these past ten years, they had only produced three martial artists with god-level talents, and one of them had perished in the Sin Tower …
If this situation couldn't be reversed, then once those old monsters reached the end of their lives and the new generation of martial artists couldn't keep up, the Purple Heart Holy Land would truly decline.
Just as they were talking, a thunderous laughter suddenly came from the entrance of the tavern. Two figures that were like small mountains walked directly into the tavern.
"Haha, I'm afraid the human race won't have any spots this year. Human brat, even if you thank us, it's useless!" The one who spoke was a Demon Race War Senior.
War Senior level powerhouses generally stayed on the eleventh to fifteenth floors. They rarely entered the lower floors. Even a human War Senior like Lord Jing came down to see Luo Zheng. The two Demon Race War Seniors in front of him had specifically come to the second floor for Luo Zheng.
"Yes, Mo Jie is right. The human race only has four spots. I don't know if they can keep their spots this year. That human brat called Ning Haoyu has been in seclusion, but no matter how long he has been in seclusion, it's useless. If he comes out, he'll be slapped to death by me, haha!" The other Demon Race War Senior sneered.
"Brat, why don't you join our Demon Race? Our Demon Race has twenty-two spots! With over a hundred spots, it'll be easy to bring you along! "The War Senior called Mo Xie laughed.
Lord Jing's expression became somewhat ugly.
Although there were conflicts between the various races in the Tower of Sin, they were usually settled in the arena. It was very rare for them to directly provoke each other like this. These two fellows were War Reverend level powerhouses. Their actions were too despicable and did not give them any face at all!
Although the human race was weak, they couldn't just let their prestige be destroyed in front of others and not fight back. Lord Jing was about to speak when Luo Zheng suddenly stood up.
He smiled and said, "Two War Seniors, does your Demon Race have a War General called Yue Shou?"
"Yes, he's the strongest genius of our Flame Demon Holy Land!" Mo Xie sneered.
"Not bad, Yue Shou is pretty good!" Luo Zheng praised.
Mo Xie continued to smile and said, "Nonsense, our Flame Demon Holy Land is full of geniuses. His talent can be promoted to number one, of course it's not bad."
"I'm not saying that his talent is good," Luo Zheng suddenly said with a serious face, "In your eyes, Yue Shou's talent is not bad, but in my eyes, it's not worth mentioning. I'm saying that Yue Shou's mentality is much stronger than yours. In any case, you are Demon Race War Seniors. Although you are only First Order Demon Race War Seniors, your mentality is like that of a scoundrel on the street. Strength? Temperament? "
Luo Zheng's words abruptly changed the topic, and the two Demon Race cultivators were left speechless!
The War Senior called Mo Xie's face was gloomy. He suddenly took two steps forward and a majestic aura pressed down on Luo Zheng.
Master Jing also quietly got up and was about to block in front of Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng gently waved his hand, indicating for Master Jing not to move. Luo Zheng instead took two steps towards Mo Xie. The distance between the two was very close!
Ordinary warriors would probably tremble in front of a War Senior, especially under the pressure of that soul pressure, they might even be injured.
Although fighting was prohibited in the safe zone, the Demon Race's tyranny was well known in the Tower of Sin. Even if there was a dispute, it would eventually reach the upper levels. Their Demon Race occupied twenty-two seats out of the hundred seats, so in the end, it would be left unsettled!
However, Mo Xie didn't intend to make a big deal out of this matter. He just wanted to let this kid suffer a little loss!
However, Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face from beginning to end. He stared at Mo Xie with a face like a spring breeze, then sighed and said, "I already said, you're just a First Order War Senior. Do you really think you're something? Your aura is even worse than Yue Shou's. Apart from your cultivation base, you're nothing … "
Master Jing looked at Luo Zheng's calm expression and was pleasantly surprised. However, he didn't know that not to mention a War Senior, even the War Saints of the Purple Heart Holy Land couldn't suppress Luo Zheng with just their aura! The War Saints of the Sea God Continent were on the same level as the Life and Death experts of the Central Domain. When Luo Zheng faced Cui Xie's aura, he didn't even move, let alone these War Seniors.
"Arrogant!" Seeing that his soul pressure wasn't able to suppress Luo Zheng, the Demon Scorpion was helpless. Just like the rumors said, this human boy was a complete freak!
"Arrogant? Hahahaha! " This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to laugh, "Then, I'll let you see if I'm really arrogant. I'll let you see what a real aura is!"
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His Combat Soul Realm soul suddenly moved, and a majestic soul pressure spread out from Luo Zheng's body in an earth-shattering manner!