One's aura was determined by the strength of one's soul. The stronger one's soul was, the more astonishing their aura would be.
However, after Luo Zheng's soul entered the War Soul realm, he restrained his aura. The average person simply couldn't sense it. Only a true powerhouse could see just how powerful Luo Zheng's soul was.
The soul of a War Soul realm was something that even a War Saint powerhouse would find difficult to obtain. One would need to break through to the Divine Sea realm to be able to condense it!
Such a boundless aura gushed out from Luo Zheng's body, rushing out in all directions like a tide. And, this War Saint called Mo Scorpion was the first to bear the brunt of this aura!
Mo Scorpion's fist-sized eyes suddenly widened. In front of him, this human warrior was like a peerless vicious beast!
Luo Zheng didn't use a soul attack. After all, he was a newcomer and there were too few seats for humans in the Sin Tower. Once he attacked, the situation would be far from good. If the 14 races joined forces to punish him, Luo Zheng wouldn't have the ability to resist!
After all, the Sin Tower didn't only have these War Saints, but also many War Saint powerhouses!
As Luo Zheng's aura erupted, he also communicated with the Slaughter Sword Mountain, causing the infernal energy stored within to erupt. With the pressure of his soul combined with the surging infernal energy, Luo Zheng was like a Death God that had come to life!
"Pa!"
In the wine shop, a young servant was carrying a jug of wine. As he felt the aura that was leaking out, his legs went soft and the jug of wine fell to the ground, shattering into pieces. The young servant's face was deathly pale. He held onto the table beside him as if he couldn't stand steadily!
The young servant only bore a little of Luo Zheng's aura. Almost all of Luo Zheng's aura dissipated in front of him. The first ones to bear the brunt of this were Mo Scorpion and another War Saint.
At this moment, the Devil Scorpion felt that he couldn't breathe. His mind was blank. How could this human kid have such a terrifying aura … As Luo Zheng's aura increased little by little, the Evil Qi was released little by little. The Devil Scorpion couldn't help but take two steps back. His whole body was trembling, and his teeth were chattering.
The situation of the other War Reverend wasn't any better. The two of them had just broken through to War Reverends. After crossing a realm, the two War Reverends felt that they had touched upon a brand new domain. They could be considered to have truly entered the upper echelons of the Tower of Sins!
In the Tower of Sin, warriors were the lowest level, warriors were the middle level, and War Venerables were the upper level!
After they became war elders, they heard rumors from the demon clan that a particularly powerful little ant had appeared among the humans. Thus, the two of them wanted to come down and destroy the might of this little ant of a warrior of the eighth step! Who would have thought that this little ant was actually so terrifying?
Annoyance and regret filled their hearts. If this matter was spread out, not only would they lose face for the Demon Race, a dignified Demon Race War Elder would actually be suppressed by a human warrior!
But how could they resist now?
Unless they directly attacked!
But if they attacked here, not only would there be a human War Reverend beside them, the two of them might not be able to get away with it!
As time passed, the two War Reverends were unable to withstand Luo Zheng's pressure and could only continuously retreat. They only stopped when they reached the entrance of the tavern.
The two War Reverends' expressions were extremely gloomy. They clenched their huge fists and stared at Luo Zheng, but couldn't say a word.
Luo Zheng stored his baleful aura into the Slaughter Sword Mountain and quickly retracted his soul pressure. He immediately returned to his previous appearance with a faint smile on his face, giving people a feeling like a spring breeze. Who would have thought that this young man's pressure would force the two War Reverends to retreat?
Seeing that the two War Reverends hadn't left, Luo Zheng said indifferently, "Still want to disgrace yourself?"
Mo Scorpion clenched his teeth and glared at Luo Zheng. In the end, he didn't return to the tavern. He only glared at Luo Zheng and said angrily, "I will wait for you below!"
After that, Mo Scorpion and the other War Reverend flicked their sleeves and left!
Just now, when Luo Zheng's aura spread out, it attracted many creatures in the surroundings, including Warriors and Generals of different races …
They, who were standing at the entrance, saw a human Warrior forcing the two War Reverends out of the tavern by relying on his soul pressure. They were so shocked that their jaws dropped.
"Is, is that kid really a human Warrior?"
"He is indeed an eighth step Warrior called Luo Zheng. He just entered the Tower of Sin a few days ago … If he can't take down Luo Zheng in the arena, this kid will climb to the top of the Tower of Sin. I'm afraid the human race will have one more seat!"
"When did the human race give birth to such a genius? Even the Demon Race and Yao Ye Clan can't find a second one with such strength!"
"Hehe, are you kidding? Since ancient times, such a thing has never happened in our Sea God Continent. The pressure of a Warrior forcing a War Reverend to retreat is simply unimaginable. If it weren't for the bad relationship between the human race and the demon race, I would have thought they were acting! "
Many creatures were discussing at the entrance.
Xia Shuang, who had been sitting in her original position, stared blankly at the youth in front of her. Her beautiful eyes were somewhat infatuated.
Xia Shuang, who came from the Purple Heart Holy Lands, used to be so arrogant. Even in the Holy Lands, which young genius could catch her eye?
Humans were weak on the Sea God Continent, and the geniuses of the Holy Lands rarely went out to train. Xia Shuang was no exception! When she first walked out of the Holy Lands, Xia Shuang felt that she was the pride of the heavens and that the geniuses of the world were nothing more than this.
But when she entered the Tower of Sin with the same group of geniuses, she discovered just how weak the human race was compared to the other races!
Whether it was the Yao Ye Clan, the Demon Race, or the Giant Race, they were all much stronger than the human race. So when she climbed up the Tower of Sin, she trembled all the way.
Sometimes, Xia Shuang wondered if the human race was really inferior to the other races! Just like the Yao Ye Clan, they were born strong and had no impurities in their bodies. From the moment they were born, they were Xiantian lifeforms!
That was until … she saw Luo Zheng.
When she first received the news, she and the others from Starshine tried to contact Luo Zheng. But this human warrior that had crawled out from some unknown crack had actually encountered an 'empty field' as soon as he entered the Tower of Sin. Hearing this, Xia Shuang felt that this human youth was quite good.
The geniuses of the Purple Heart Holy Lands generally didn't dare to enter the Tower of Sin. Everyone knew that geniuses needed to undergo sufficient tempering in order to grow. But, the Purple Heart Holy Lands didn't dare to send anyone into the Tower of Sin. There was no other reason than that they would die too quickly. No matter how many geniuses were sent in, they would all die. How could the Purple Heart Holy Lands dare to send their geniuses in while they were still fighting?
And for Luo Zheng to encounter an 'empty field' as a warrior was already an amazing feat for the human race.
But that idiot Starshine had offended Luo Zheng as soon as he arrived.
And Luo Zheng was indeed arrogant, as if he didn't put the Purple Heart Holy Lands in his eyes.
However, the message passed down from the Holy Land was that they had to maintain a good relationship with Luo Zheng. If this youth could really grow up, then he might be able to obtain another seat for the human race. With another seat, there would be more hope. Within the Sea God Continent, no matter which race it was, they all valued a seat in the Sin Tower!
But when she came into contact with Luo Zheng again, Luo Zheng had actually defeated the god-level genius of the Yao Ye Clan, Purple Jade!
This result … caused Xia Shuang's heart to tremble.
She felt that there was finally a man in this world who could enter her sights!
So when Luo Zheng asked her how much it would cost for a night, Xia Shuang was furious, but in the end, she forced herself to endure.
For a true powerhouse, arrogance wasn't a sign of stupidity. It was just a sign of their inherent pride.
At this time, Xia Shuang had already raised Luo Zheng's strength infinitely. With the cultivation of a rank eight warrior, Luo Zheng might be able to fight against a rank nine or even a rank ten warrior!
Xia Shuang felt that she had overestimated Luo Zheng to have such strength with such cultivation. But what Xia Shuang never expected was that Luo Zheng would be able to force two Demon Race War Reverends back with just his aura.
This was simply unimaginable!
This youth suddenly became incomparably mysterious in Xia Shuang's eyes!