The smile on Lord Jing's face became even brighter.
Perhaps he thought that the destiny of the Purple Heart Holy Lands these past few years had improved with the appearance of Luo Zheng.
On the Sea God Continent where hundreds of races fought for supremacy, the human race had a chance to turn the tables.
The human race's specialty lay in cultivating true essence. In this aspect, they had an incomparable advantage over other races. 300 years ago and 100 years ago, the human race had produced two God-rank talents.
These two God-rank talents had an extremely high chance of reaching the Divine Sea realm!
Unfortunately, the first God-rank talent had just left the Purple Heart Holy Lands when he was killed by another race. As for the other God-rank talent, although he had grown up, he had ultimately perished in the Profound Nether Cave. Although the Profound Nether Cave contained great lucky chances, it was also extremely dangerous. Even a War Saint would fall if they weren't careful. They wouldn't even have a chance to resist.
However, Lord Jing could see that this Luo Zheng of unknown origins was strong, far surpassing the strength of an ordinary Warrior. His pure strength was terrifying enough to fight against a tenth step War General, and the strength of his soul seemed to be able to suppress a war elder!
If this youth reached the Divine Sea realm, perhaps no one in the entire Sea God Continent would be able to stop his growth.
Judging from this point, Lord Jing felt that the Purple Heart Holy Lands could leave Luo Zheng with as many resources as they wanted.
Lord Jing's goal of meeting with Luo Zheng had been achieved. In truth, Lord Jing wanted to take a step further. He wanted to invite Luo Zheng to the Purple Heart Holy Lands. In the cursed lands, there was a transmission array that led to the Purple Heart Holy Lands. If the Divine Sea Supreme Elders of the Holy Lands were willing to guide Luo Zheng, or even use the Purple Heart Disk to help Luo Zheng, that would be the best outcome.
However, Lord Jing also understood that he was overthinking things. Even the God-rank talents of the Holy Lands didn't receive such treatment. This wasn't something he could decide, so he didn't say anything.
Just as Lord Jing left with Xia Shuang, Xia Shuang suddenly turned her head and said, "You still don't know my name!"
"What's your name?" Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
"Xia as in summer, Shuang as in autumn!" Saying this, Xia Shuang smiled gracefully and turned to leave with Lord Jing.
Back in the living area, Luo Zheng rented a new secret cultivation room and continued to refine the Light of Creation he had obtained from Purple Jade. Relying on the Light of Creation, Luo Zheng's cultivation improved very quickly!
Luo Zheng's goal was to become a War Elder in the Sin Tower!
Only by reaching the level of a war elder would Luo Zheng be able to fight against Cui Xie and defeat Cui Xie.
After entering the Sin Tower, Luo Zheng had only experienced a few battles. When he fought with the warriors on the first floor, the Light of Creation obtained by Luo Zheng allowed Luo Zheng to advance from a Rank 7 warrior to a Rank 8 warrior. However, this was also because Luo Zheng was originally on the verge of a breakthrough, and the Light of Creation was only a catalyst.
On the second floor, Luo Zheng obtained a lot of Light of Creation from Purple Jade. However, after absorbing all the Light of Creation, Luo Zheng didn't break through. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, he would need to absorb an equal amount of Light of Creation before he could break through.
Purple Jade's Light of Creation came from other warriors, while the other warriors' Light of Creation were obtained from the warriors on the first and second floors. Naturally, there wouldn't be a lot of it.
"It seems that I have to climb to the higher floors of the Sin Tower as soon as possible. The amount of Light of Creation on the lower floors is too little." Luo Zheng's goal was the warriors in the Sin Tower.
Those warriors had also climbed up step by step. After reaching the fifth floor, the amount of Light of Creation in their hands would naturally be much more than what they had now!
Unfortunately, the rules of the Sin Tower had restrictions. He had to climb up one floor at a time. Even if all the floors were empty, it would still take a long time.
After resting for an entire night, Luo Zheng walked out of the cultivation room the next day. When he entered the arena, the entire place was silent. There were warriors fighting day and night in the arena.
The matter of Luo Zheng using his aura to force away the two demon war elders had already spread throughout the second floor. Or rather, the majority of the people in the Sin Tower knew that a terrifying fiend had appeared on the second floor. Although that guy was from the human race, his battle strength far exceeded those of the same realm. For the time being, his strength had yet to reach its limit!
Yesterday, Luo Zheng had already defeated the Demon Night Clan's god-ranked genius, Purple Jade. Now, who would dare to challenge Luo Zheng?
When Luo Zheng first arrived, there were two different races fighting in the arena. When the victor was decided, the winner noticed Luo Zheng outside the arena and his expression changed greatly. As if he had been bitten by a snake, he quickly jumped out of the arena.
According to the rules of the Sin Tower, one could fight at will in the arena. If Luo Zheng came up and instantly killed him, he would have died in vain …
Seeing that creature escape, the warriors didn't laugh at him.
No one's life was picked up from the ground. If he was killed by Luo Zheng, he would have died in vain. He would only become a stepping stone for Luo Zheng to climb up. In such a situation, anyone would run away from the arena.
However, the irony was that that creature had already won 16 consecutive victories. He was an overlord on the second floor!
Unfortunately, this overlord had been very depressed these days. First, he encountered Purple Jade. That creature didn't dare to accept the challenge and directly chose to go into seclusion. Now, Luo Zheng had jumped out …
Luo Zheng pretended not to see their actions. That was how the upper echelons were. Of course, Luo Zheng didn't care about the thoughts of these warriors. Those who blocked his path would only have the fate of being crushed.
After entering the arena, Luo Zheng asked indifferently, "Does anyone dare to challenge me?"
Emptying the arena should be the best outcome. Everyone would be happy. As long as the arena was emptied today and tomorrow, the fighters of the second floor would be able to send off Luo Zheng with great joy. At this moment, who would dare to come up and seek death?
All the creatures were silent. They all wanted this guy to get out of here as soon as possible. Every day Luo Zheng stayed here was a kind of torture for them.
However, at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded. "I'll challenge you!"
Hearing this voice, everyone's expression suddenly changed. Luo Zheng's brows also furrowed.
"Who dares to challenge Luo Zheng? Damn it, whether you live or die is none of our business. But if you challenge him, Luo Zheng will have to wait for three days before he can go up to the third floor! Isn't this harming him? "
"That's right! Let Luo Zheng advance freely. If you want to challenge him, go to the third floor and do it! "
"It seems that Luo Zheng will have to stay on the second floor for a few more days …"
While many creatures were cursing, the person who spoke walked out leisurely. It was Purple Jade of the Demon Night Clan!
Purple Jade looked coldly at the warriors who were cursing and said angrily, "What … What did you say?!"
Many warriors immediately shut up.
They had forgotten that there was still a fiend here!
Luo Zheng was indeed terrifying, but this Purple Jade wasn't bad either. In any case, to these fighters, both of them were existences that could not be defeated. This woman was originally in a bad mood after Luo Zheng's "empty stage" yesterday. If they really offended her, it would be troublesome for her to stay on the second floor!
The weak had a lot of trouble …
The warriors on the first floor to the fifth floor had such a tragic fate. If they couldn't climb up, they could only be a stepping stone for others forever. This was the only time the rules of the Sin Tower had changed.
In the early days, there was no free promotion in the Sin Tower, so there was a group of warlords from the major races grinding points on the lower floors. If they didn't have enough points, they couldn't advance at all. At that time, the lives of warriors were completely reduced to a tool for warlords to grind points, and warlords were reduced to tools for warlords to grind points.
Moreover, the Sin Tower at that time was even more chaotic than it was now. There wasn't even a so-called safe area. If they encountered some race's geniuses, they would kill them at will. It was incomparably cruel.
Seeing Purple Jade of the Demon Night Clan come out again, Luo Zheng was unhappy. Could it be that she deliberately came to make trouble because he ended her "empty stage" yesterday? Could it be that this woman really thinks I don't dare to kill her? Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes emitted a fierce light as he stared at Purple Jade.
For some reason, after being stared at by Luo Zheng, Purple Jade felt a little flustered. However, she didn't directly go to the arena. Instead, she added, "I want to challenge you, but not on the second floor! For the time being, I'll let you go to the third floor. If I catch up to you, I'll challenge you! "
Hearing Purple Jade's words, many creatures breathed a sigh of relief and sighed inwardly. Fortunately, this Demon Night Clan woman wasn't stupid. Luo Zheng let her go yesterday, yet she still wants to challenge Luo Zheng today and end Luo Zheng's empty stage. Isn't she courting death?
(Thank you for your support. Unknowingly, I'm number one on the monthly votes list, and I'm also number one on the gifts list. Thank you Chenfeng 7K for your gifts, thank you Little Pirate Lin Zifeng, Mad Snail, Ou Jieshuang, and Wu Fa for your gifts!)
＝＝＝＝＝