Hearing Zi Yu's words, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. It seemed that Zi Yu was really unconvinced.
If he met her on the third or fourth floor, Luo Zheng would give her the opportunity to challenge him.
Standing in the arena, Luo Zheng waited for a long time, but no one came up to challenge him. Luo Zheng's "empty arena" for today could be considered completed.
A day later, Luo Zheng once again stepped onto the arena. After completing the third empty arena, Luo Zheng smoothly obtained the qualifications to advance to the third floor. Immediately after, Luo Zheng moved on to the next floor.
From the first to the fifth floor of the Tower of Sin, warriors were active, but the proportion of warriors was gradually increasing. From the fifth floor onwards, warriors were basically nowhere to be seen. It was completely the world of warriors.
Because of Luo Zheng's arrival, the first to the fifth floor caused a sensation. The warriors on the third floor were not fools. When they saw Luo Zheng, almost all of them obediently made way for him. Only a few reckless creatures wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
As Luo Zheng climbed up the floors, the attention of many creatures on Luo Zheng also increased. This was even more so for human warriors. Many warriors on the upper floors ran down to watch Luo Zheng's fights. Unfortunately, there were very few warriors who dared to challenge Luo Zheng. Even if they dared to stand on the arena, they would often be instantly defeated by Luo Zheng. There was simply no exciting scene to watch, and no one could see how strong Luo Zheng was.
On the west side of the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, there was a huge room. This area had always been occupied by the Demon Race, and other races were not allowed to approach it.
In the Tower of Sin, all the areas were public, but in fact, the Demon Race controlled the most areas, and also the largest area.
In the past, the Demon Race wanted to monopolize the entire Tower of Sin.
In fact, the Demon Race almost succeeded. At that time, there was a famous "Blocking the Door" incident.
At that time, the Demon Race occupied 60 seats in the Tower of Sin! As the most powerful force in the Tower of Sin, the Demon Race suddenly issued an order to expel all the creatures of other races from the Tower of Sin. Those who refused to leave the Tower would be beheaded.
At that time, the Devil Race did it. None of the races were left in the pagoda. They were all driven out!
During that one month, only demons could use the Tower of Sin.
However, this action of the Demon Race had infuriated everyone!
Even though the Demon Clan was the most prosperous clan on the Sea God's Continent and the only clan to own two Sacred Lands, the other clans were still a force to be reckoned with when they joined forces! Disregarding everything else, just the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land alone was difficult for the Demon Race to resist. Only if the Flame Demon Sacred Land and the Phobic Demon Sacred Land joined forces would they have a chance of stopping the Demon Night Clan.
At that time, all the races joined forces and almost attacked the two Holy Lands of the Demon Race.
After all, the Sacred Lands of the Sea God's Continent relied heavily on the Sin Tower. If they lost the Sin Tower, which was a machine that bred powerhouses, it would be a devastating blow to the Sacred Lands of many races.
If they lost the younger generation, it would be tantamount to losing the foundation of their foothold. In the future, when the Demon Race gradually grew stronger, they would sooner or later wipe out the other races on the continent. Rather than waiting until that time came, it was better to fight to the death with the Demon Race's Holy Land now!
Seeing that the allied forces of many races were about to arrive at the Demon Race's Holy Land, the Demon Race finally understood that they had touched something they shouldn't have.
With no other choice, the Demon Race reopened the doors of the Sin Tower and unwillingly gave up a portion of their seats.
Therefore, the distribution of power in the Sin Tower was actually a microcosm of the Sea God's Continent. The Human Race was easy to bully, so the Human Race didn't have a high status in the Sin Tower. The Demon Night Clan was hard to deal with, so the Demon Night Clan couldn't be underestimated in the Sin Tower.
Even though the Demon Race gave up the Sin Tower, the majority of the tower was still controlled by the Demon Race.
This huge room was decorated very crudely. Several Demon Race people were either sitting or lying down, discussing something.
Not long after, a cloaked Demon Race war reverend walked in from the door and said, "The order from the top has been passed down. They want to send men of sacrifice to assassinate Luo Zheng."
"What! Assassinate that brat? "Moon Guardian, who was sitting in the corner, suddenly stood up.
Several Demon Race war reverends indifferently glanced at Moon Guardian. A Demon Race war reverend walked out from beside the cloaked Demon Race war reverend and coldly said, "Moon Guardian, you don't have the right to speak here!"
Moon Guardian was not afraid, "When that brat enters the tenth floor, I will naturally take his life. Why would I need to assassinate him?"
The cloaked Demon Race war reverend indifferently stared at Moon Guardian. This was because Moon Guardian was the most talented god-rank genius in the Flame Demon Holy Land. If it was any other Demon Race war reverend, who would dare to interrupt the Demon Race war reverend's conversation?
"I understand your feelings, but this is an order from the top of the tower," the Demon Race war reverend indifferently said, "This brat is only a warrior, yet he can give a war reverend so much pressure. If he is promoted to a general, his strength will most likely be unstoppable. Are you sure you are his match?"
"I can defeat him!" Moon Guardian clenched his teeth and said.
The Demon Race war reverend sneered, "I believe you, but it's useless. Luo Zheng's life will be taken away by the Night Clan's men of sacrifice!"
The Night Clan was the sixth-ranked race on the Sea God Continent. This race lived in the night and lived in the darkness.
This race was not considered strong in direct combat, but they were naturally skilled in assassination. They could silently take the life of their opponent without them noticing!
Because they were not skilled in direct combat, without the protection of other races, the Night Clan could not grow in strength on the Sea God Continent. The reason this race was able to become the sixth-ranked race on the Sea God Continent was because of the Demon Race's protection!
To a certain extent, the entire Night Clan was controlled by the Demon Race!
Therefore, the Night Clan specially cultivated men of sacrifice and sent them into the Tower of Sin to assassinate targets that needed to be eliminated.
In fact, all the major races were well aware of the inside story. However, as long as the Demon Race did not go overboard and did not offend the geniuses of the major races, it was fine as long as they maintained the balance in the Tower of Sin.
In the past, the Demon Race would not send men of sacrifice to human martial artists.
The cost of cultivating a man of sacrifice was very high. The human race could not afford this treatment.
However, this time was different. Luo Zheng was too dazzling. From the moment he entered the Tower of Sin, he was destined to alarm the powerhouses at the top of the Tower of Sin!
In the past, there were examples of geniuses of other races rapidly climbing up the Tower of Sin. However, those geniuses were all Battle Generals! This time, Luo Zheng began to climb up as a Battle Warrior. In addition, the Tower of Sin was a holy land for cultivation. Everyone was well aware of the speed at which one could increase their cultivation through the Light of Good Fortune.
Once Luo Zheng climbed to the top of the Tower, the consequences would be unimaginable.
Yue Shou revealed a disappointed expression. He was looking forward to his battle with Luo Zheng. However, Zhan Zun's words made Yue Shou understand that he might not have this opportunity. Yue Shou was well aware of the strength of the Night Clan's assassins.
For so many years in the Tower of Sin, not a single person who had been targeted by the Night Clan's assassins had been able to escape the fate of being assassinated!
Yue Shou clenched his fists. In his heart, he faintly hoped that this assassination would not succeed …
Luo Zheng was unaware of the danger that was approaching him step by step. He passed through the third floor very smoothly. For three days, no one dared to challenge him. After three consecutive no-shows, he obtained the qualification to ascend to the fourth floor freely.
Unfortunately, because no one challenged him, he could not obtain the Light of Good Fortune …
This was indeed a problem. The Light of Good Fortune was very important to Luo Zheng. However, on second thought, he decided to just go to the upper floor and snatch the Light of Good Fortune from the Battle Generals.
After learning that Luo Zheng had advanced to the fourth floor, Purple Jade, who was on the second floor, was also very depressed. At this rate, she was afraid that she would not be able to catch up with Luo Zheng. She had just obtained the qualification to ascend to the third floor, but Luo Zheng had already entered the fourth floor. If she entered the fourth floor, Luo Zheng would probably enter the fifth floor first.
She only hoped that someone would jump out and stop Luo Zheng. Otherwise, she would not have the chance to challenge Luo Zheng again.
On the first day Luo Zheng entered the fourth floor, there were no surprises. After obtaining the Light of Good Fortune, Luo Zheng continued to rent a secret cultivation room to cultivate.
What made Luo Zheng depressed was that because there were no Light of Good Fortune, not only did Luo Zheng not obtain any points, but he also did not obtain any Light of Good Fortune. Therefore, he had to rely on True Essence Stones to rent the secret cultivation room …