Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of doubt.
The architecture of the Sin Tower was very special. It was said that as long as something was placed anywhere, it would disappear after a long time and be swallowed by the Sin Tower.
No matter if it was a Spiritual Tool or an Immortal Tool, even a Sacred Tool was unable to avoid this.
This huge tower was like a monster. Apart from living things, everything that was not alive would be devoured by it.
These secret cultivation rooms, including the battle arena, were not built by the creatures of the Sea God Continent. They had originally existed here.
After so many years, there wasn't the slightest bit of damage. It was as if everything inside was indestructible.
Therefore, there was nothing placed in the secret cultivation room. It was empty everywhere. However, after Luo Zheng entered, his perception told him that there seemed to be something he couldn't see in this secret room!
He frowned slightly, then closed the door of the secret room and found a place to sit down quietly.
However, Luo Zheng still maintained his vigilance.
That special aura had always existed in this secret room!
The more Luo Zheng couldn't pinpoint its location, the more vigilant his heart became. If he couldn't pinpoint its location even with his War Soul Realm soul, how powerful was this thing's concealment technique?
Fei-er had also told him that the Tower of Sin was not absolutely safe. Although the rules set by the 14 major races stated that fighting was strictly prohibited in the safe zone, or else they would be hunted down by all the races, in reality, all kinds of assassinations had never stopped in the Tower of Sin.
Luo Zheng was now in the limelight and had a grudge with the Demon Clan. It was hard to guarantee that the Demon Clan wouldn't make a move against him.
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, his gaze faintly glanced at a corner. "Is there a creature hiding there?" However, after a glance, Luo Zheng's gaze quickly moved away.
He was now sure that there was a creature hiding in the secret room. However, the creature's aura was faintly discernible, making it difficult for Luo Zheng to pinpoint it.
No matter, no matter who you are, you'll still make a move against me! Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. All the muscles in his body were tense, but he seemed to be very relaxed as he sat down.
Although Luo Zheng was very vigilant, the assassin from the Night Clan was also secretly alarmed.
The Night Clan was famous for their assassins because they were born to be stealthy and good at hiding their presence.
Moreover, in the Night Clan, they cultivated a special technique that could even change the refraction of light, deflecting the other party's line of sight, making it impossible for the other party to discover their existence.
This assassination mission was a huge test for him.
For an assassin of the Night Clan, the most dangerous mission was to assassinate someone in the Tower of Sin.
Because of the rules of the Tower of Sin, even if he succeeded in his assassination, he would be hunted down by the other races. Therefore, while he was an assassin, he was also known as a death warrior! If he failed, he would die. If he succeeded, he would also have a high chance of dying. Assassinating the target and then retreating from the Tower of Sin was simply too difficult.
Therefore, when he accepted this mission, he was as good as half dead.
What puzzled the Night Clan assassin was that this human brat seemed to have sensed his presence!
This Night Clan assassin was an eighth rank Goblin General. In terms of strength, he might not even be a match for a fourth rank Goblin General of the Night Clan, but he had once assassinated a War Reverend of another race outside the Cursed Land!
And this brat in front of him was only an eighth rank Warrior. How could he have sensed his presence?
However, his target had just drifted and he hadn't sensed his position!
Even though he knew of his presence, he wasn't willing to leave the secret room. Was he waiting to counterattack when he made his move?
The Night Clan assassin revealed a sneer on his face.
This brat seemed to be very confident in his own strength.
Unfortunately, confidence alone wasn't enough. Facing his assassination, even a War Reverend wouldn't be able to dodge. Moreover, he was only a Warrior. No matter how talented he was, he would still die under his blade!
The Night Clan assassin began to quietly move along the wall of the secret room. A white bone blade appeared in his hand.
At this moment, a layer of phosphorescence flickered on the surface of his body. That phosphorescence was constantly changing color. It was this layer of phosphorescence that completely concealed his body. Even if one observed from a very close distance, they wouldn't be able to sense his presence.
As the Night Clan assassin approached step by step, Luo Zheng didn't seem to notice him at all. He was still sitting cross-legged with his eyes closed. He didn't know that danger had arrived.
The distance between the two of them was quickly shortened. They were only one step away from each other.
At this distance, he had never failed.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was already a dead man.
"Sun Piercer!"
His bone blade suddenly erupted at this moment. A true assassin was like this!
At the moment of the assassination, everything should be abandoned. At this moment, the Night Clan assassin only had one target in his eyes, and that was Luo Zheng's heart.
This stab should be able to pierce through this brat's heart.
But in the next moment, his face suddenly froze.
The brat in front of him didn't counterattack, nor did he dodge his bone blade. However, the bone blade was nailed to his back and couldn't advance any further.
How was this possible? Was this brat's body made of steel?
Even if his body was made of steel, his bone blade could still pierce through it!
This bone blade was also made with the Night Clan's secret method. The bones used to make the bone blade were taken from the tibia of a dead Night Clan member. After being strengthened by the secret method, it could communicate with the user's mind, as if it were the user's hands. He could feel that after the tip of the bone blade pierced Luo Zheng's skin, it was abruptly stuck.
A confused and puzzled expression appeared on his face. He had never encountered such a situation before.
Luo Zheng slowly turned his head, a faint smile on his face. "Your concealment method is really powerful. You can hide perfectly in this empty secret room. I can't find you. Unfortunately …"
"Retreat!"
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to finish speaking, the Night Clan assassin's body emitted a phosphorescence. In Luo Zheng's eyes, his body became incomplete.
"You can't escape!"
Luo Zheng's hand shot out like lightning. Midway, his palm turned into a fist and he chased after the assassin!
Just now, Luo Zheng really couldn't chase after the assassin's figure. That was why he sat quietly in place, waiting for the other party to make the first move.
After Luo Zheng's body became a high-grade immortal tool, its strength had increased to an unprecedented level. Ordinary weapons simply couldn't break through the defense of his body.
An assassin who dared to make a move in the Tower of Sin must be a death warrior who was willing to risk his life.
How could a War Venerable expert be willing to become a death warrior? Therefore, Luo Zheng concluded that this assassin's strength couldn't surpass a War Venerable. Even if his concealment method was powerful, it was useless if he couldn't break through Luo Zheng's physical defense. Therefore, Luo Zheng calmly waited for the assassin to make the first move.
"Bang!"
At the crucial moment, the assassin's movements were nimble. Luo Zheng's lightning-fast fist hit the assassin's shoulder!
Even though the punch was off target, it was enough to shatter the assassin's shoulder blade.
Under Luo Zheng's fist, the night clan assassin directly rolled out and crawled on the wall. He spat out a mouthful of blood on the bone blade in his hand. The bone blade began to emit a bewitching red color. The night clan assassin's eyes were red, as if he was a scorpion hiding on the wall!
Although he was a death warrior, he wouldn't sit still and wait for death in a life and death situation. Since he couldn't kill Luo Zheng with one strike, he was already in an extremely disadvantageous situation. If he wanted to turn the tables now, he could only gamble with his life!
"Did the demon race send you?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
"Do you think I'll tell you?" The night clan assassin said coldly.
"Hehe, I'm not interested in knowing!" Luo Zheng's voice fell. His figure suddenly flashed, and two loud bangs were heard!
The night clan assassin quickly dodged on the wall. The wall where he had just stopped had two fist imprints, but those fist imprints were quickly disappearing … …
This was the magic of the Tower of Sin. Even if it suffered great damage, it would quickly repair itself. It was as if it wasn't a tower, but a person.
It was also because this was the Tower of Sin. If it was any other place, Luo Zheng's two punches would have caused the entire building to collapse.