In fact, the easiest way for Luo Zheng to escape was to open the door of the secret room and walk out.
Although it was common for martial artists to be assassinated in safe areas, at least on the surface, no race dared to do such a thing.
After leaving the secret room, the demon race would not protect this assassin. This night clan assassin's mission had already been accomplished. Regardless of whether his assassination was successful or not, he was already a dead man.
"Aren't you afraid?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"Afraid of what?" The night clan assassin's shrill voice rang out.
"With your strength, you won't be able to assassinate me. In this narrow space, you are even less of a match for me," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
The night clan assassin's face sank. His small eyes flickered with a trace of despair. "I was originally a death warrior trained by them. Whether I succeed or fail, I should die."
"They? Are you referring to the demon race? " Luo Zheng asked with a smile. He gently turned his body, facing the night clan assassin from beginning to end.
The night clan assassin did not speak. In this situation, it was meaningless whether he admitted or not. However, he still did not give up. Instead, he was preparing his strongest attack. The bone blade in his hand flickered with a bewitching red!
Any counterattack brewed with life essence was extremely powerful. The night clan assassin had already wasted a perfect assassination opportunity. Thus, he would have to gamble with his life for the second chance.
Seeing that the night clan assassin did not speak, Luo Zheng continued, "I think we can make a deal!"
"What kind of deal?" The night clan assassin asked.
"Teach me that secret technique of yours and I can let you go." The night clan's concealment technique was very special. Not only did it prevent others from sensing any aura, but it could also make one's figure disappear in front of others. Luo Zheng was very interested.
The night clan assassin's eyes revealed a trace of excitement.
He was a death warrior. From the day he became an assassin, he was constantly instilled with the principle of sacrificing himself for the night clan. However, for many creatures, the desire to live was deeply imprinted in their bones. The majority of death warriors would retreat the moment they were about to die, but it would be too late. They had no choice but to die or not to die.
If the night clan assassin had been killed by Luo Zheng after his assassination failed, then it would have been fine. However, Luo Zheng had given him a chance to live. In this situation, it was like a drowning person grabbing onto a life-saving sampan!
"Teach me your concealment technique and I will spare your life. How about it?" Luo Zheng asked.
The night clan assassin's eyes flashed. This was a secret technique unique to the night clan, which had not been mastered by other clans. The night clan assassin's face revealed an expression of excitement.
He suddenly descended slowly from the wall and said with a calm expression, "Are you willing to let me go?"
"Killing you won't do me much good," Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
The night clan assassin thought for a while, then slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. "I really want to agree. Unfortunately … apart from the night clan, you can't master this secret technique!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the night clan assassin attacked again!
This time, a thick black smoke suddenly erupted from the night clan assassin's body. Ten shadows separated from his body. As soon as the ten shadows appeared, they rushed towards Luo Zheng from different directions!
Luo Zheng's face flashed with a cold smile. A green light flashed in his eyes. After being cleansed by the tree sap of the sacred tree, his Clear Eyes Spiritual Pupils could see through most illusions. With a gentle flash of green light, Luo Zheng had already identified the location of the night clan assassin's real body.
Immediately, Luo Zheng took a step forward. His body strangely shuttled through space and appeared beside the night clan assassin. "You only had one chance. Unfortunately … you didn't cherish it!"
When Luo Zheng punched, the night clan assassin's face flashed with a strange red color. He seemed to have something to say, but before he could open his mouth, Luo Zheng's fist had already pierced through his chest!
"Pu!"
A cloud of blood spurted out. His whole body was smashed against the wall of the secret room by Luo Zheng's fist. Scarlet blood dyed the wall into an abstract painting. His eyes were full of unwillingness.
In fact, the night clan assassin really wanted to agree to Luo Zheng's request …
But a death warrior was a death warrior. As a death warrior of the demon clan, his clansmen were in the hands of the demon clan. Once he retreated, it meant that none of his clansmen would survive.
The world of martial artists was so cruel. Once you chose a path, there was no room for retreat.
Looking at the bloodstains on the wall, Luo Zheng shook his head and sighed. Luo Zheng might not be able to guess the reason, but he was clear that this night clan assassin should have something on Luo Zheng in the hands of the demon clan. Therefore, he had no choice but to serve as a death warrior to assassinate him.
Luo Zheng didn't find anything from this night clan assassin's body. Finally, he left the assassin's corpse in the secret room. It wouldn't be long before his body was slowly devoured by the Tower of Sin. There wouldn't be any trace left in this world.
A demon clansman turned a corner and stared at the secret room Luo Zheng rented.
A long time had passed, but the door to the secret room still hadn't opened.
With the methods of the night clan assassin, it would only take an incense stick's worth of time to kill a human warrior. But now, several hours had passed. Why … did the door still not open?
Did he fail?
This demon clansman didn't dare to leave. He just stared at the door.
After several hours, the door to the secret room finally opened. From the door, a figure flashed out like a ghost. But in the blink of an eye, the figure disappeared!
"Huh?" The demon clansman was puzzled when a voice suddenly sounded beside him.
"Still waiting for someone?" Looking at the demon clansman, Luo Zheng smiled.
The demon clansman looked at Luo Zheng and was speechless. He only stammered, "You, you … I don't know you!"
Luo Zheng smiled and shook his head at the demon clansman, "Of course you don't know me. But I'll let you pass on a message. You demons are too cowardly. If you want to kill me, there will be plenty of opportunities in the arena …"
"We demons are never cowards!" The demon clansman had always been proud of being brave and fierce. The word 'cowardly' was never suitable for them.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and revealed a faint smile. Then, he turned and left. Luo Zheng really didn't have much to say to the other races.
Luo Zheng spent three days to ascend to the third floor. Luo Zheng also didn't encounter any obstacles on the fourth and fifth floors. Except for a reckless giant who challenged Luo Zheng and died miserably, no one else dared to challenge Luo Zheng.
Just like that, Luo Zheng ascended all the way to the fifth floor. From the sixth floor onward, there were no more warriors. Almost all of them were warlords.
However, the cultivation of the warlords on the sixth floor was still on the low side. Almost all of them were rank one and rank two warlords. There were even very few rank three warlords!
The Tower of Sin was a microcosm of the entire Sea God Continent. The higher one's cultivation was, the higher one's position would be. Every floor of the Tower of Sin operated according to a pattern. Those who were powerful would obtain the Light of Creation and their cultivation would rapidly increase. Those who were weak would either hide in a certain floor and remain stagnant or become a stepping stone for other experts.
From the sixth floor onward, the number of warlords who dared to challenge Luo Zheng increased.
Although many creatures knew that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't ordinary, most of the warlords were unconvinced when they saw Luo Zheng's identity as a warrior. How could a human warrior climb to the sixth floor?
Some of the more radical warlords walked up to the arena one after another.
However, Luo Zheng used his fists to tell them what he relied on to climb to the sixth floor step by step!
Because there were more opponents to challenge, Luo Zheng's "empty arena" became more and more difficult. He fought a total of seven rounds on the sixth floor and killed six creatures. The only one he spared was a human warrior! Seven days later, these new warlords finally understood that Luo Zheng wasn't someone they could stop. Following that, there were still three days of "empty arena". Luo Zheng continued to climb to the seventh floor.
From the sixth floor onward, Luo Zheng obtained more and more Light of Creation. After reaching the seventh floor, Luo Zheng entered the chamber once more to increase his cultivation. Because he had accumulated a great deal of Light of Creation, after refining it, Luo Zheng's cultivation directly jumped from the eighth level of warrior to the tenth level of warrior!
Luo Zheng was only a single step away from becoming a warlord!
Luo Zheng was looking forward to stepping into the warlord realm. If his cultivation could reach the warlord realm, he might be able to rely on his mortal body to contend with those early warlord powerhouses! It had to be known that he cultivated the transcendent divine might 'Stellar War Body' and had yet to display it in front of others!
＝＝＝＝＝