Breaking through from a Warrior to a Warrior was the same as breaking through from the Divine Reflection realm to the Divine Core realm.
In order to break through this realm, one would need to accumulate a considerable amount of Light of Fortune.
Although the warriors in the Tower of Sin could break through at a very fast speed, even those Saint rank geniuses would need to spend a long time in the Tower of Sin before they could break through.
Although Luo Zheng had fewer chances to break through, and his speed of breaking through had slowed down, the amount of Light of Fortune he had accumulated had increased. However, Luo Zheng didn't absorb these Light of Fortune. Instead, he gathered them together and used them to break through to the Warrior realm.
In the Tower of Sin, the warriors on the seventh floor were between Rank 3 Warlords and Rank 6 Warlords, the warriors on the eighth floor were between Rank 5 Warlords and Rank 8 Warlords, and the warriors on the ninth floor were between Rank 7 Warlords and Rank 10 Warlords.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, breaking through the first nine floors of the Tower of Sin wasn't too difficult for him.
But, the troublesome thing was, these Warriors were coming one after the other, and rarely gave Luo Zheng a chance to break through.
Because in the eyes of these battle generals, they would only make the "war elder" level powerhouses empty the arena, because war elders were indeed stronger than them, while Luo Zheng was just a small warrior. Although the strength he displayed was astonishing, he did not have the qualifications to make them not dare to challenge him, thus making the arena empty.
Therefore, whenever Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, there would always be some Warriors who didn't know what was good for them to challenge him.
Despite this, Luo Zheng had still obtained enough points to climb up the stairs, one floor at a time.
One month later, Luo Zheng finally entered the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin.
From this floor onwards, Luo Zheng would only encounter two types of opponents. One would be Divine Realm Warriors, and the other would be Reverends!
Just as Luo Zheng walked down the stairs to the tenth floor, Xia Shuang walked towards him with a group of humans. With a smile on her face, she said, "One month, you're here earlier than I expected."
Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "But it's later than I expected!"
"Come with me. After entering the tenth floor, the opponents you will encounter will be much stronger." Xia Shuang's eyes flashed as she moved closer to Luo Zheng. A faint fragrance wafted from her body.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed Xia Shuang.
The battle general named Xing Hui kept his head to the side. Although he was not convinced, he had to admit that Luo Zheng's strength was enough for the Purple Heart Holy Land to pay attention to him.
Until now, Luo Zheng's cultivation was still stuck at the level of a tenth-order fighter. For the human race, there had never been a fighter who could climb to such a height. This was a record that was almost impossible to surpass. It was impossible to surpass in the past, and it was likely that no human fighter would be able to surpass it in the future!
What was even more ridiculous was that until now, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to reveal his true strength!
No matter if it was facing a rank one battle general of the sixth floor or a rank ten battle general of the ninth floor, Luo Zheng was always calm and composed. It was as though these battle generals could not force him to use his true trump card.
Luo Zheng's deeds were now like a storm that swept across the entire Sea God Continent.
Even if Luo Zheng had not done anything, he had already made a great contribution to the Purple Heart Holy Land. In the Purple Heart Holy Land, there were people talking about the human boy who suddenly appeared in the Tower of Sin almost every day!
In order to cooperate with the publicity, the human race specially recorded the scenes of Luo Zheng fighting with other races and broadcasted them in the Purple Heart Holy Land through the letter tablet. Therefore, this boy who had never been to the Purple Heart Holy Land had long become the idol of many human cultivators!
Moreover, this craze showed no signs of stopping. Instead, it became more and more intense in the Purple Heart Holy Land. There was once a rumor that Luo Zheng was the Holy Son of the human race. Through word of mouth, Luo Zheng became a legend.
Before Luo Zheng appeared, Xing Hui and Xia Shuang were a pair of golden boy and jade girl. They were also the two with the strongest talent in the younger generation of the Purple Heart Holy Land. However, Xia Shuang's talent was slightly stronger than Xing Hui's.
Now, when this pair of golden boy and jade girl was compared to Luo Zheng, they naturally paled in comparison.
Xia Shuang did not seem to care about this at all. Instead, every time she mentioned Luo Zheng, she would praise him. Xing Hui saw this and was angry in his heart. When did this arrogant Junior Sister of his look at others? Now, as long as he spoke to Xia Shuang, she would always mention Luo Zheng in three sentences. This almost caused Xing Hui to collapse! The jealousy in his heart towards Luo Zheng naturally increased with each passing day.
What was even more depressing was that he had no way to reverse this situation. Even though he had desperately cultivated during this period of time, he had gone to the arena four times in a month and won all four battles! If such a dazzling result was in the past, it would have shocked the Purple Heart Holy Land. The human race would definitely reward Xing Hui greatly.
However, all the eyes of the human race were now focused on Luo Zheng. It was as if they had forgotten about this god-ranked genius of the human race …
Therefore, when he saw Luo Zheng, it would be strange if Xing Hui had a good expression on his face.
The layout of every floor of the Tower of Sin was similar. After Xia Shuang went around the stairs, they passed by a fighting arena. Just as his gaze swept across the arena, Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled!
In the arena, a figure was constantly swaying and circling around the arena.
It was a human woman. She was wearing a seven-colored dress and was constantly dodging the attacks of an orc in the arena. That orc was also a tenth-level warlord. Although he wasn't tall, the muscles all over his body were filled with explosive power!
Every time the beastman's vital essence erupted, the heavy axe in his hand would be swung like a whirlwind of death, heavily chopping down at the girl!
"Boom!"
This extremely heavy axe was still dodged by the human girl. The heavy axe that struck the air was forcibly embedded in the arena. When the beastman pulled the heavy axe out of the arena, the huge crack constantly wriggled and slowly closed. Soon, it was restored to its original state.
The Tower of Sin had this magical ability. Otherwise, after so many years, the tower would have been riddled with holes.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the human girl from beginning to end. Finally, he murmured, "Yun Luo? Why is she here? "
The others did not hear Luo Zheng's words. However, Xia Shuang, who was closest to Luo Zheng, heard it. Hearing Luo Zheng call out Yun Luo's name, Xia Shuang stared at Luo Zheng in astonishment and asked, "Yun Luo? How do you know her? "
Xia Shuang's astonishment was reasonable. Luo Zheng did not come from the Purple Heart Holy Land. As for Yun Luo … although she came from the Purple Heart Holy Land, her origins were quite mysterious. Except for a few people in the Purple Heart Holy Land, she had always been on the upper level of the Tower of Sin. Luo Zheng had no way of knowing Yun Luo.
When Luo Zheng saw Yun Luo, the memories of White Emperor City came flooding back.
After the trip to White Emperor City, Luo Zheng participated in the Sect Tournament. He did not stop and directly entered the Trial Taker's Road. When he arrived at the Cloud Hall, he did not have a chance to see her again. Luo Zheng thought that if he were to see Yun Luo again, it would at least be after he rescued Luo Yan from Cui Xie and returned to the Eastern Territory.
In the Eastern Territory, there were still some things that Luo Zheng had to deal with.
Back then, Luo Zheng was not strong enough, so he had to put aside the matter regarding Her Highness Su Lingyun. After all, there were still Divine Core warriors in the Imperial Palace. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could definitely return to the Eastern Territory. But, he still had to face a strong enemy, Cui Xie!
Luo Zheng had never thought that the girl who wore a rainbow-colored dress and wooden clogs would suddenly appear on the other side of the continent, and appear in the Tower of Sin on the Sea God Continent. What was going on?
On the fighting stage, Yun Luo's rainbow-colored dress was fluttering in the wind like a leaf drifting in the wind. She nimbly dodged the attack of the orc's axe, then she gently waved her hand. She wasn't using her True Yuan, and she wasn't summoning a barrier, she was using a finger art!
"Swoosh!"
Yun Luo's True Yuan shot out from her finger, forcefully impaling the orc's axe.
No one knew how heavy the axe was, but it was firmly held in the orc's hand. However, when it was hit by the finger art, a dent appeared on the high-ranked Immortal Weapon!
"Is her name really Yun Luo?" Luo Zheng asked with uncertainty.
Xia Shuang nodded her head and replied, "Yes." At the same time, she looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression. Since he knew her name, why couldn't he confirm her identity?
Luo Zheng was indeed uncertain.