From the Central Domain, which was the Tianbei Region, to the Sea God Continent, the distance between the two continents was hundreds of thousands of kilometers. Luo Zheng couldn't think of any other way to get here except for the large transmission array in the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb.
But could there be such a coincidence in the world?
Yun Luo's clothes, appearance, and temperament were almost exactly the same. There was no difference at all. Only her cultivation and cultivation method were different.
In White Emperor City, Yun Luo majored in boundary techniques, while here, Yun Luo majored in finger techniques.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking carefully, the beastman in the arena suddenly roared. The giant axe in his hand swept up a gust of wind as he wildly swung it at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo's seemingly soft body was like a leaf in a gust of wind. She constantly shuttled back and forth between the giant axe. Every time she dodged, she was only a few centimeters away from the giant axe.
Xia Shuang looked at Luo Zheng's expression and suddenly smiled. "You seem to be very worried about her? Actually, you don't need to … Yun Luo is a very strange person. "
"Strange? What's strange about her? "Luo Zheng asked.
"She has been in the Tower of Sin for six years and has always been on the tenth floor," Xia Shuang said with a smile.
"Six years? Has always been on the tenth floor? "Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
Xia Shuang nodded. "That's right. Furthermore, she would fight at least six times a month. The Light of Creation that she has accumulated … is probably enough to create twenty war supremacies. However, she has never refined it even once. She has given it all away."
Hearing Xia Shuang's words, Luo Zheng was speechless. He choked for a while before asking, "She gave away the Light of Creation?"
"Yes, the warriors of our human race challenge Yun Luo. Yun Luo can just admit defeat and the Light of Creation she has accumulated will belong to her opponent," Xia Shuang said with a wink.
According to the rules of the Tower of Sin, this was indeed feasible. But what was Yun Luo's purpose? Why did she keep her cultivation at the tenth rank without breaking through? What was her purpose?
The warriors who entered the Tower of Sin did so for the Light of Creation in order to quickly improve their cultivation. However, not only did Yun Luo need the Light of Creation, but she also wanted to transfer the Light of Creation to others?
"Since she was able to stand in the Tower of Sin for so long, why would anyone still dare to challenge her?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xia Shuang smiled and said, "When there's a great reward, there will always be brave men. Yun Luo likes to accumulate a large amount of Light of Creation. There will always be people who overestimate their own strength. As long as you can defeat Yun Luo, the amount of Light of Creation you can obtain will be very shocking!"
"I see …" Luo Zheng nodded.
While the two of them were talking, the situation in the arena suddenly reversed. Yun Luo's figure suddenly sped up and flew out from a gap in the giant axe. Her small wooden clogs kicked the orc's face and floated up high.
Next, Yun Luo flipped in the air and an invisible astral essence gathered in his hand. Then, an extremely cold voice rang out.
"Netherworld Finger!"
"Pu!"
Yun Luo's finger suddenly shot out and directly pierced through the orc's head. It shot into the arena and pierced a big hole in it!
"Transparent astral essence." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Back in White Emperor City, the astral essence that Yun Luo used was also colorless and invisible. It was completely transparent and very special! So far, Luo Zheng had never seen anyone whose astral essence was pure and transparent. He didn't know what the connection between the two was.
However, Xia Shuang said, "I'm afraid the people on the ninth floor will suffer again …"
Looking at the big hole in the arena, Luo Zheng also deeply agreed. The power of this finger had directly pierced through the arena. This strength was indeed shocking. Although Yun Luo was a tenth-order warlord, Luo Zheng wasn't sure he could defeat her!
The big hole in the arena was constantly squirming and healing, like the mouth of a monster. However, there was a small hole in the orc's head that was bleeding. After a while, he fell to the ground with a plop. The blood slowly flowed out and was quickly absorbed by the arena's ground.
Suddenly, there was a burst of whispers in the surroundings.
"We shouldn't have challenged Yun Luo. She already has the strength of a warlord. Challenging her is courting death!"
"But the temptation is too great. This time, Yun Luo has accumulated six months' worth of Light of Creation and hasn't given it to anyone. If the challenge is successful, I'm afraid we can directly break through to the warlord level!"
"The temptation is great, but the risk is even greater. In the past few years, hundreds of warlords have died in Yun Luo's hands, right? The human race is such a weak race, but such a weirdo has appeared. Yun Luo is the floor master of the tenth floor! But she doesn't go up … It's best if she goes to the top of the tower and gets killed by those warlords! "
"This time, the human race seems to have one more monster. That guy called Luo Zheng has just advanced to the tenth floor. I suspect that the human race is really going to rise up."
No matter how weak the human race was, in the tenth floor, there was a special existence like Yun Luo. No one could ignore her.
A beam of Light of Creation shot from the orc's nameplate to the nameplate on Yun Luo's chest. Yun Luo looked around expressionlessly and said coldly, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
No living creatures around made a sound.
Yun Luo blinked her eyes and then walked down the arena.
"Isn't there a chance to advance freely if the arena is empty for three consecutive days?" Luo Zheng asked.
Who knew that Xia Shuang would spread her hands and say with a smile, "So what? Yun Luo has probably encountered an empty arena hundreds of times, right? At most, she has been empty for an entire month. No one has challenged her, but she insists on staying on the tenth floor and absolutely won't advance. If she is willing to advance, the human race will probably have one more seat. "
At this moment, Yun Luo walked down the arena and actually walked towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the nine-colored long dress swaying left and right and the small wooden clogs clicking on the ground. He recalled the girl in White Emperor City who was known as the Slaughterer. What he wanted to see the most was Yun Luo's back. Would she have the same scars as that Yun Luo?
After Yun Luo walked over, she glanced around and then her eyes stopped on Luo Zheng. The two maintained a distance of one foot. Luo Zheng didn't intend to ask about the doubts in his heart here. After all, he didn't want to reveal that he came from the Central Domain to others. If there was a chance, he wanted to talk to Yun Luo alone.
Unexpectedly, Yun Luo suddenly moved closer. She moved her small head closer, raised her nose, and sniffed.
This action made Luo Zheng take two steps back. Xia Shuang and the other Human Race generals were puzzled. However, Yun Luo's actions had always been strange. This Human Race girl who had no expression on her face all day long was a mystery even to the Purple Heart Holy Land.
It was said that five years ago, the Human Race's War Sovereign Yue Ru Xin ascended to the top of the tower and obtained the fourth seat of the human race. She also relied on a large amount of Light of Creation given by Yun Luo to break through consecutively. Of course, Yue Ru Xin relied on her own strength to obtain the seat, but the Light of Creation given by Yun Luo must have contributed greatly!
After taking a deep breath, Yun Luo stared coldly at Luo Zheng and said, "You smell very good. I like it very much."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. What smell could he have? Looking at her expression, Luo Zheng was sure that this Yun Luo was not the same person as the Yun Luo in White Emperor City. Because of this, Luo Zheng was even more confused.
What was the relationship between the two Yun Luos?
Even if there were a large population in the Vast Thousand World, it was impossible for two people with the same name, the same appearance, and even the same clothes to appear so coincidentally. There was no such boring coincidence in the world!
A strange smile also appeared on Xia Shuang's face. This girl was really strange …
"Fight with me. If you can beat me, I'll give you the Light of Creation," Yun Luo said immediately.
These words made Luo Zheng roll his eyes. He was not confident that he could defeat Yun Luo at all, but if he activated the Starry Battle Body, he might be able to win with difficulty. The problem was that they were both humans, so why should they challenge each other? Most importantly, if Luo Zheng defeated Yun Luo, her Light of Creation would naturally belong to him. Why did he need her to give it to him? This did not make sense logically.
Xing Hui puffed up his cheeks, and jealousy rushed to his mind. Where did this guy Luo Zheng come from? It seemed that he didn't know Yun Luo, right? Even if Yun Luo was a War Sage of the Human Clan and greeted her, she might not even respond. However, when she saw Luo Zheng, she took the initiative to come over and talk to him. What kind of logic was this? Did she think that Luo Zheng smelled good? What kind of smell could a man have? Didn't they all smell bad?
"I don't want to fight with you." Luo Zheng shook his head and quickly rejected Yun Luo's request.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Why?"
Luo Zheng shrugged and suddenly changed the topic. He stared at Yun Luo seriously and asked, "I want to know, where are you from?"
Yun Luo blinked, and a rare meaningful expression appeared on her face. She said hesitantly, "Have you seen me before?"