Everyone's eyes focused on Luo Zheng's face.
Compared to Yun Luo's background, there were actually more mysteries surrounding Luo Zheng!
Therefore, everyone seemed to be more interested in Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng didn't answer this question here, but Luo Zheng interpreted a message from her words. Yun Luo seemed to know the existence of another Yun Luo …
"You can say that I've seen you before," Luo Zheng's answer was somewhat ambiguous.
"Where?" Yun Luo's eyes flickered slightly.
Luo Zheng couldn't answer this question directly, so he just faintly smiled. "If there's a chance, let's talk alone."
"Okay," Yun Luo leaned forward and sniffed again. "I like your smell. You can find me anytime."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, everyone's face revealed a strange expression. Yun Luo's words were somewhat ambiguous, especially when they came from her expressionless face, which made people feel incomparably strange.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, the corners of his mouth curved into a confused smile. Yun Luo, that little girl, had left a very deep impression on Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was also very interested in the mysteries surrounding her. In White Emperor City, Luo Zheng knew that Yun Luo came from the Yun Family, one of the eight noble families of the Eastern Territory, but was she really a member of the Yun Family? Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of past she had. If there was a chance to uncover the mysteries surrounding Yun Luo, Luo Zheng certainly wouldn't miss it.
At this time, several demons suddenly walked over from the side of the arena. The one leading them was the strongest genius of the Flame Demon Holy Land, Yue Shou.
Ever since the Demon Race sent a death squad to assassinate Luo Zheng, Yue Shou had been very worried, worried about Luo Zheng's safety …
He was originally a god-rank genius of the Demon Race, but now he was worried about Luo Zheng. This was indeed an unreasonable thing. However, Yue Shou belonged to the kind of martial artist with deep obsession. As soon as Luo Zheng entered the Tower of Sin, Yue Shou had already regarded Luo Zheng as his opponent.
Thus, a deep obsession formed in Yue Shou's heart!
This was Yue Shou's heart of martial arts! If he wanted to challenge someone, he had to personally end them. It was this incomparably stubborn heart of martial arts that allowed Yue Shou to become the strongest genius of the Flame Demon Holy Land!
Therefore, when the Demon Race sent assassins of the Night Clan to assassinate Luo Zheng, the Moon Guardian firmly opposed it. It was a disgrace for the powerful Demon Race to use underhanded means to get rid of their opponents.
Unfortunately, the Moon Guardian did not have the right to decide.
Even if Yue Shou's father was the most powerful person in the Flame Devil Holy Land!
However, the Holy Land was the Holy Land, and the Tower of Sin was the Tower of Sin. On the surface, the Demon Race in the Tower of Sin was under the control of the Holy Land, but in reality, the Holy Land was unable to completely control the War Reverends in the Tower of Sin.
These demon race war saints were admittedly inferior to the demon race war saints of the Holy Land, and there were even some Divine Sea Supreme Elders that were stronger. But, they were in the Tower of Sin and the Holy Land was completely helpless against them. The Holy Land was unable to completely control the war saints in the tower!
When the news of the failed assassination spread, Yue Shou was overjoyed for a long time. Then, he began to pay attention to Luo Zheng, helplessly watching as Luo Zheng climbed up to the tenth floor!
With Yue Shou's strength, he should have ascended to the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin last month. But, in order to challenge Luo Zheng a day earlier, he didn't choose to ascend. Instead, he waited here for Luo Zheng!
"I've been waiting for you for a long time!"
Yue Shou's stature was considered small and short amongst the Demon Race. The several Demon Race people behind him were nearly half his height, towering behind him like several small mountains.
But even though they were all Tenth Level Warriors, the aura of these Demon Race people was far inferior to Yue Shou's!
Ordinary Demon Race people gave off a wild and desolate aura, like a desolate ancient mountain. But, Yue Shou's aura was very unique. It was like a sharp knife. Anyone who was stared at by this aura would feel a dull pain.
In contrast to Yue Shou's aura, Luo Zheng always had a faint smile on his face, giving off a refreshing feeling. After experiencing so many things, Luo Zheng had already learned how to hide his edge. He completely hid his edge, not revealing it in the slightest!
In the stands of the arena, everyone's eyes were focused on this place!
Yue Shou was the overlord of the Tower of Sin's tenth floor. He stood side by side with the Demon Night Clan's god rank genius Mu Qingyang. They were the strongest powerhouses amongst the Battle Generals! Many people speculated that even if Yue Shou entered the eleventh floor with the cultivation of a Tenth Level Warrior, he wouldn't fear those early War Saints!
At the same time, everyone knew that the person Yue Shou was waiting for here was Luo Zheng! That monstrous genius from the human race!
With the identity of a Tenth Level Warrior, he crushed his way up the Tower of Sin all the way to the tenth floor …
This achievement could only be described as monstrous. Up until now, no human, no living being, had ever achieved such a feat.
If Luo Zheng's cultivation was allowed to grow and enter the top of the Tower to obtain a seat, with Luo Zheng's abnormal strength, it was hard to say whether or not he would change the rules of the Tower of Sin.
This was also the reason why the Demon Race wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng. Allowing such a seed to grow was too terrifying …
Without a doubt, everyone knew why Yue Shou was waiting for Luo Zheng. Yue Shou was the weapon the Demon Race used to snipe Luo Zheng!
In terms of pure strength, Luo Zheng was indeed powerful. With the strength of a Tenth Level Warrior, he was able to defeat a Tenth Level Warrior.
But everyone also knew that Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who had the ability to fight above his level. Yue Shou also had the ability! Those First and Second Level War Saints probably weren't Yue Shou's match.
Of course, the battle between Luo Zheng and Yue Shou was highly anticipated!
Hearing Yue Shou's words, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose and he said with a smile, "I'm also looking forward to this battle!"
"You just entered the tenth floor, so you shouldn't have gone to the Talent Stele, right? I'll wait for you to return from the Heavenly Sin Stele! "Yue Shou stared sharply at Luo Zheng and said.
"Talent Stele?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a doubtful expression.
At this time, Xia Shuang walked to Luo Zheng's side and said with a smile, "Those who just entered the tenth floor can enter the Talent Stele to receive the talent baptism! After going through the Talent Stele, not only can you test your talent level, you can also increase your talent! But how much it increases will depend on luck … "
"Talent!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly.
Talent was often a measure of a martial artist's potential and how much room he had for growth.
Affecting a martial artist's achievements and ultimate strength, there were often three factors: talent, destiny, and temperament. To a martial artist, temperament was the heart of martial arts. To a martial artist, temperament was the heart of martial arts. To a martial artist, whether or not they could endure hardships, whether or not they had a persevering heart, all of these factors were incomparably important. If a martial artist had an outstanding talent but neglected to cultivate, then they would only be a waste in the future, even if they had a divine level talent!
However, compared to luck and talent, the heart of martial arts was the easiest to change. As long as one was firm in their heart of martial arts and walked forward courageously, they would naturally have great perseverance!
But talent and luck were two things that were hard to change.
Luck was an illusory concept that ordinary people couldn't comprehend. Who knew if their luck was good or bad? Perhaps only the heavens knew!
Just like how some people said that Luo Zheng was a person with great luck, but how strong his luck was, and whether his luck today was good or not, no one could be sure. They could only judge his luck through Luo Zheng's past and experiences.
Relatively speaking, talent was easier to control than luck.
Talented powerhouses could cultivate and improve faster than others. They could learn anything with just a look and practice. This martial artist had a pretty good talent.
Therefore, among martial artists, there were Human-level talents, Earth-level talents, Heaven-level talents, Saint-level talents, and God-level talents.
But even so, it was only a slight generalization. Hearing Xia Shuang's words, the Talent Monument seemed to be able to quantify everyone's talent? And it could even strengthen one's talent?
To Luo Zheng, this was a bit inconceivable!
Xia Shuang's mouth curved slightly. "Yes, the Talent Monument in the Tower of Sin does have the ability to change one's talent. I can take you there now!"
Many creatures were also very interested in Luo Zheng's talent! To be able to have such strength at the level of a tenth-level fighter, Luo Zheng did indeed have god-level talent. The problem was that there were differences among god-level talents. They wanted to see how high Luo Zheng's talent was!
＝＝＝＝＝