Of the 15 floors of the Tower of Sin, only the tenth floor had a Talent Tablet.
In truth, Luo Zheng's guess was correct. This Tower of Sin should have the same function as the Rising Dragon Arena. It was likely that it was a massive tower used by some race to cultivate. However, the Tower of Sin was a Rising Dragon Arena that had been magnified a hundred times.
As for whether or not the Rising Dragon Arena had any effect on ascension, Luo Zheng had no idea.
Xia Shuang led Luo Zheng in the front, with several human generals following behind. As for the last few people, there were also a bunch of other race beings following behind.
Almost all of these people were curious about Luo Zheng's talent. They naturally wouldn't miss out on this opportunity.
After passing through the arena, there was a massive space not too far away. This should have been a living area, but the structure of this floor was slightly different.
On the wall in front of Luo Zheng, there were many names carved into it. These names were arranged from top to bottom.
Luo Zheng swept his eyes over these names and soon found the name 'Xia Shuang'. But, Xia Shuang's name was ranked on the sixth floor.
"These names are …"
Just as Luo Zheng asked, Xia Shuang smiled and said, "These names are all geniuses that have been tested by the Talent Tablet!"
Hearing Xia Shuang's words, Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up. He looked around with rapt attention.
Xia Shuang was a genius that came from the Purple Heart Holy Lands. Even though the human Purple Heart Holy Lands were small and weak, they still had a Divine Sea Supreme Elder overseeing them. From this perspective, they were actually much stronger than the Central Domain.
Throughout the entire Central Domain, there hadn't been a single Holy Land influence. Even the Void Spirit Sect was only a fifth-grade Holy Land.
Judging from this point, Xia Shuang's talent should be slightly higher than Little Jie's. But, comparing the sect's strength alone might not be accurate, but there was nothing wrong with this comparison.
With Xia Shuang's talent, she was only ranked on the sixth floor?
Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment.
Then, the names on the sixth floor all had a talent above Xia Shuang's!
"Yue Shou! The fourth floor! "Luo Zheng quickly found Yue Shou's name.
Xia Shuang nodded. "In the history of our Sea God Continent, only six people's names have appeared on the fourth floor. Two of them are on the tenth floor. One is the demon race's Yue Shou and the other is the Demon race's Mu Qingyang!"
Yue Shou, Qingyang, Yue Shou, Yue Shou's talent, Yue Shou, Yue Shou, Yue Shou.
...................................
An answer quickly surfaced. The Tower of Sin definitely didn't originate from the lower realms. This Tower of Sin might have originated from the human race, or it might have originated from some other race. Regardless of which race it was, this race must have originated from the higher realms. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to produce so many geniuses.
"Is there no one in the Sea God Continent who is talented enough to reach the top?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes!" . "Xia Shuang replied," The first name on the second row is Liu Yu, the super genius of the Demon Night race from two hundred years ago! "
Luo Zheng swept his gaze across the second row and saw Liu Yu's name.
These names should be arranged according to the order of appearance. Luo Zheng saw that Yue Shou was also ranked first on the fourth row. Mu Qingyang was ranked second on the fourth row. Because they hadn't been in the Tower of Sin for a long time, they were naturally ranked after passing the Talent Stele's test.
As for Liu Yu, after such a super genius appeared in the Tower of Sin, there probably wouldn't be a second one …
How many living beings entered the Tower of Sin every year? So many geniuses from different races were sent into the Tower of Sin. Even if they weren't god-grade geniuses, they would at least be saint-grade or heaven-grade geniuses.
But so far, only one living being had climbed to the second floor. Yue Shou and Mu Qingyang were only ranked on the fourth floor!
Luo Zheng's gaze continued to jump up. The name on the first row …
"Yun Miaoxin!"
"Ancient River Wheel!"
"Cliff!"
"Fire!"
"Nurnin Tower!"
Luo Zheng could tell that the first two names might be from the human race, but that wasn't necessarily the case. Other living beings could also have such surnames.
As for the names behind, they were a little strange. The names like "Cliff" and "Fire" seemed more like nicknames.
Moreover, there were only five names on the first row!
This Tower of Sin had existed for countless years. Perhaps it had been used by some big race in the Upper Realm for countless years. Yet, only five names could be engraved on it …
However, he did not know just how terrifying the talents of these five people were.
"Why isn't Yun Luo's name on it?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Xia Shuang smiled. "It's very simple. Yun Luo hasn't been in there before."
Yun Luo had been standing not far from the crowd. She stared blankly at the ceiling with an expressionless face. No one knew what this enigmatic girl was thinking about.
Unexpectedly, her ears were so sensitive. When she heard Luo Zheng talking about her, she walked over absent-mindedly in her wooden clogs and said in a cold voice, "It seems that it's not a bad idea to test it …"
As soon as Yun Luo's voice fell, everyone looked at her with strange eyes.
Yun Luo was a mystery to the human race, as well as to other races. This valiant girl had actually surpassed the definition of "genius", and her strange behavior puzzled all living beings.
However, no matter what, Yun Luo's existence was beneficial to the human race. At least she would accumulate a large amount of Light of Creation and give it to other races. For this reason, the demon race had actually sent assassins to assassinate Yun Luo. Yun Luo's actions were very helpful to the human race, which was something the demon race didn't want to see.
However, three assassinations had failed. This enigmatic girl was simply an undefeatable existence on the tenth floor …
Fortunately, Yun Luo wouldn't be promoted. If she was promoted to the upper floor, she would be as troublesome to the demon race as Luo Zheng.
Because there was a Talent Stele on the tenth floor, of course, more than one living being had discussed Yun Luo's talent. They wondered what kind of existence she would be after entering the Talent Stele.
Previously, many people of the human race had persuaded Yun Luo to accept the Talent Stele's test because even if her ranking wasn't high, her talent would increase a little. For every warrior who entered the tenth floor, the Talent Stele was a must. Only a fool would give it up.
However, Yun Luo wouldn't listen to them. Or rather, she didn't listen to any race in the first place. Of course, she wouldn't listen to the orders of the human race. As for the higher-ups of the human race, they didn't dare to offend Yun Luo and could only let her do as she wished.
Who would have thought that Yun Luo would suddenly change her mind and be willing to enter the Talent Stele?
Xia Shuang's gentle eyes were filled with a strange expression. Why did she change her mind when Luo Zheng came? Xia Shuang naturally didn't believe that there was no connection between the two.
She had never heard Yun Luo say that anyone smelled good. Most of the time, Yun Luo was expressionless, as if she was a puppet made by someone. If she didn't need to eat, she could probably be described as a walking corpse.
"Then you go first," Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and said with a smile.
Yun Luo didn't decline at all. Instead, she approached Luo Zheng's collar and sniffed, like a small beast sniffing its food. After sniffing, a satisfied expression appeared on her face, and then she turned and entered a door.
When Yun Luo walked in, the whole wall suddenly trembled slightly, and the door slowly closed naturally.
"How long does the Talent Stele test take?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"It can be long or short. The short ones take half an hour, and the long ones take about two hours," Xia Shuang said with a smile.
Then, the wall suddenly burst into light, and the densely packed names flickered and jumped. Soon, Yun Luo's name appeared on the wall.
"The lowest level?" Luo Zheng's expression froze.
At this moment, Yun Luo's name indeed appeared on the bottom row.