This wall was densely engraved with names, and there were nine rows of them in total.
Presumably, the race that built the Sin Tower measured talent according to nine ranks.
The bottom row, which was the ninth row, should be the row with the lowest talent.
Luo Zheng noticed that after Yun Luo's name appeared, all the other names moved one place behind her. In other words, the last name in the ninth row had been squeezed out.
It was no wonder. Even if this wall was huge, there were at least tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of names recorded on it.
"This is normal. When you first enter, you'll be in the bottom row. However, the names will change. You can climb up step by step," Xia Shuang explained.
"So it's like that." Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng didn't know what kind of test Yun Luo was taking. Everyone could only watch as the names on the wall changed.
Not long after, Yun Luo's name disappeared from the ninth row. The moment it disappeared, Yun Luo's name appeared on the eighth row, squeezing out the last name in the eighth row.
Immediately after, Yun Luo's name disappeared and appeared on the seventh row.
Just as she jumped to the seventh row, she disappeared and appeared on the sixth row …
"So fast!" Xia Shuang exclaimed.
The people on the tenth floor naturally paid attention to the situation of the other races. When the geniuses of some races entered the Talent Monument, they would attract many people to watch. Some of the races would even organize this information and send it to the top of the tower.
Every race hoped to give birth to powerful geniuses. At the same time, they didn't want to see new geniuses appear in other races. Thus, the Talent Monument was closely watched by many people.
In the sixth row, Yun Luo's talent was already equal to Xia Shuang's. Because Yun Luo's name was above the sixth row, Xia Shuang's name was pushed down by one place.
There were many geniuses in the sixth row of the Sin Tower. Perhaps in a few years, Xia Shuang's name would be slowly pushed down by the latecomers.
However, Xia Shuang's name only stayed on the sixth row for a short while before jumping to the fifth row …
Many people were sighing.
In recent years, there weren't many geniuses who could reach the fifth row. Apart from the Demon Race and the Yao Night Clan, the geniuses who could reach the fifth row could be ranked at the top of the other races.
As for the Human Race …
Putting aside Yun Luo, this enigmatic girl, she was the top genius of the Purple Heart Holy Land, but she was only able to sit in the sixth row.
However, although everyone sighed, it was actually within their expectations. With the talent Yun Luo displayed, if she couldn't make it to the fifth row, then the geniuses of all the races would lose face. Up until now, no one had ever defeated Yun Luo among the tenth-order warriors on the tenth floor!
After that, Cloud Fall stayed in the fifth row for a while and didn't jump again.
There was even a hint of disappointment on everyone's faces.
"Yun Luo's talent is worse than Yue Shou's …"
"The fifth row is already very impressive. At the very least, he is stronger than the Deity level geniuses of many races."
"No, I think Yun Luo can at least jump to the fourth row!"
While everyone was discussing, Yun Luo's name suddenly flashed. Her name jumped again and finally jumped to the fourth row, pushing Yue Shou's name to the back.
"Fourth row!"
"Just as I expected …"
"Actually, it's normal for her to enter the fourth row. Yun Luo's talent should be above Moon Guardian's!"
As soon as they finished speaking, Yun Luo's name jumped to the third row!
"She's in the third row. She really is a monstrous existence. Her talent is probably second only to Liu Yu of the Demon Night Clan!"
"Sigh, if only Yun Luo was more normal. With her talent, she might be able to lead the human race to a new glory …"
"What's the use? Although I, Yun Luo, am willing to help the human race, I don't belong to the human race. She belongs to the Tower of Sin! "
While everyone was discussing, Yun Luo's name disappeared again and appeared on the second floor!
Seeing this scene, everyone was in an uproar.
Yun Luo had pushed Liu Yu's name down by one …
Who was Liu Yu?
200 years ago, the Demon Race was even more powerful than now. Although there were rules, the Demon Race's War Venerables occupied more than half of the seats at that time. Apart from the Demon Race, all the other races were suppressed. Even the Demon Night Clan was no exception!
All kinds of assassinations and open killings filled the Tower of Sin!
Every time a super genius was born in the other races, they would be eliminated by the Demon Race shortly after entering the Tower of Sin!
The other races were furious, but they didn't dare to say anything.
After all, after the incident of the Demon Race blocking the Tower of Sin, the Demon Race gave up a portion of the seats and allowed the other races to cultivate in the Tower of Sin.
It was Liu Yu's appearance that put an end to this and completely suppressed the Demon Race!
Whether it was assassinations or open killings, they had no effect on Liu Yu. Liu Yu was like a star that was rapidly rising. As the number of floors continued to rise, his strength also increased rapidly!
When the Demon Race recovered from their shock, they actually sent War Venerables to assassinate Liu Yu …
But at that time, even War Venerables couldn't stop Liu Yu.
In the end, Liu Yu killed his way to the top of the Tower of Sin and smoothly obtained a seat. At the same time, he killed the 12 War Venerables of the Demon Race! With his strength, he dug out 12 seats from the Demon Race's hands!
Liu Yu's appearance could be said to have completely ended the Demon Race's dominance!
Later on, after Liu Yu walked out of the Tower of Sin, he changed the structure of the continent. After a hundred years, after Liu Yu reached the Divine Sea Realm, the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land's strength now surpassed that of the Flame Demon Sacred Land and the Fear Demon Sacred Land! It required the two Sacred Lands of the Demon Race to join forces to resist!
Now, Liu Yu had become a legendary figure on the Sea God Continent!
Even those ancient giants were very wary of Liu Yu!
Seeing Yun Luo casually take the test and obtain such a result, many humans couldn't help but sigh …
If Yun Luo was willing to help the human race, she might be able to achieve the same result as Liu Yu. Although they didn't expect her to be able to develop the human race to the same level as the Demon Night Clan, after all, the Demon Night Clan's overall strength was very strong. It could only be said that the Demon Race had taken the initiative at that time and had a huge advantage over the other races.
But at least Yun Luo could guarantee that the human race would be able to get out of the current situation and not be bullied!
Just when everyone thought that Yun Luo's name would be fixed on the second floor, Yun Luo's name disappeared again …
"She wants to go up again?" Someone touched his chest, indicating that he couldn't accept it.
"Who on earth is this Yun Luo! How is this possible … "
"She's actually ranked alongside those people …"
"These five people have always been legendary figures and don't exist on our Sea God Continent! This Yun Luo … "
The five names in the first row were very familiar to the people in the Sin Tower. After all, the five names in the first row were always the most eye-catching, so how could they not see them?
As for the speculations of these five people, many living beings had their own opinions.
In fact, their guesses were similar to Luo Zheng's.
Such a miraculous Sin Tower was definitely not something from the lower realm. The five people in the first row were most likely from some great power in the upper realm. Their talents were probably far beyond the imagination of many living beings on the Sea God Continent, and they could only be described as legends.
No one would have thought that there had always been a legend by their side!
No matter what, Yun Luo was able to squeeze into the first row and move those five people's names by one place. No one on the Sea God Continent had ever done this before.
Liu Yu couldn't do it, and the other geniuses couldn't do it either!
After Yun Luo's name stabilized, the light on the wall slowly dissipated, and the door slowly opened. Yun Luo's nine-colored dress swayed continuously as she slowly walked out.
Then, she turned her head expressionlessly and glanced at her name. There was no longer any expression on her face. There was no joy or happiness. It was as if everything was supposed to be like this. It was completely within her expectations …
She walked toward Luo Zheng and said coldly, "It's your turn, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't stop and walked toward the door.
Xia Shuang smiled behind him and said, "Luo Zheng, do your best!"