Luo Zheng's name appeared on the ninth row.
Many races paid even more attention to Luo Zheng's performance!
Based on Luo Zheng's current eye-catching performance, he was already on the same level as Moon Guardian and Mu Qingyang.
Although Luo Zheng and Moon Guardian hadn't fought yet, many people were already very optimistic about Luo Zheng's chances!
There had never been such a genius in the human race before.
Luo Zheng had entered the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin with the cultivation of a tenth level fighter. This had never happened in the entire Sea God Continent. Even Liu Yu hadn't been able to do it back then!
Of course, this was also related to the environment of the era.
Back then, there were no rules for free promotion. Although Liu Yu was powerful, he still needed to climb up from the bottom floor.
Moreover, in order to ambush Liu Yu, the demon race had sent a large number of demon geniuses to challenge Liu Yu. Liu Yu's opponents were almost one after another. The amount of Light of Creation he obtained was more than a hundred times more than Luo Zheng's. Therefore, Liu Yu's cultivation speed was also much faster.
Now that he could freely advance, the amount of Light of Creation Luo Zheng obtained was actually less. The increase in his cultivation wasn't that great.
It wasn't that the demon race didn't want to ambush Luo Zheng. It was just that the demon race was much weaker than before. They couldn't afford to waste a large number of geniuses on Luo Zheng. In a situation where the assassination failed, it was better to let Luo Zheng freely advance to the tenth floor and let Moon Guardian kill him.
If Luo Zheng stayed on the lower floor for too long, his cultivation would continue to increase. Moon Guardian might not be Luo Zheng's opponent.
The other races were very concerned about Luo Zheng's talent, but the human race was very concerned about it.
Xia Shuang's face revealed a trace of nervousness.
The human race was very clear about the significance of Luo Zheng's appearance.
For the Purple Heart Holy Land, Luo Zheng was like a cardiac stimulant. Even though Luo Zheng had never taken a step into the Purple Heart Holy Land, his reputation in the Purple Heart Holy Land was already remarkable. From the ordinary disciples to the old monsters at the Divine Sea Realm, they were all paying attention to this mysterious young man, hoping that he could bring about a change in the fate of the entire Purple Heart Holy Land!
"I wonder how far Luo Zheng can advance?"
"At least the fourth floor? I think that Luo Zheng's potential is definitely greater than Moon Guardian's! "
"Yes. Even if Luo Zheng can't defeat Moon Guardian, his future potential isn't something that Moon Guardian can compare to!"
The Moon Guardian, who was standing not far away, didn't say anything when he heard this.
Frankly speaking, Yue Shou also agreed with their conjecture. Yue Shou never overestimated himself or underestimated his opponents. After all, Yue Shou was a Tenth Rank Warrior. If he returned to the Tenth Rank Warrior's cultivation, it was absolutely impossible for him to rush to the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin. Back then, when he was still a Tenth Rank Warrior, he could indeed challenge those of a higher rank.
However, he could only challenge a rank 3 warlord. He had once lost to a rank 5 warlord.
In comparison, Moon Guardian was no longer as good as Luo Zheng.
However, Moon Guardian wasn't discouraged because of this. Talent was something innate. Moon Guardian couldn't change it at all. However, he had luck and perseverance. He could also create a legend!
After Luo Zheng entered the door, the originally dim environment slowly lit up.
He had always been curious. How did this Talent Tablet test one's talent?
After all, talent was different from trials. Trials directly tested a warrior's strength. They constantly used illusion arrays to create enemies to attack the person being tested. When the person couldn't hold on, the result would be out.
But what about talent?
After a while, a ray of light suddenly shone down in front of Luo Zheng. Then, nine stone tablets appeared.
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a powerful power of law transmitted from these stone tablets!
"The power of law on these stone tablets completely corresponds to my own power of law!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but exclaim.
This was definitely not a coincidence …
Perhaps the Talent Stele had placed the nine stone steles there after sensing the power of the many nomological laws in his body.
The power of law contained in these stone tablets was even stronger than the power of law in the obelisks in the True Dragon World …
Luo Zheng walked towards an obelisk and spread his perception, immersing it into the nine stone tablets.
"This is … the power of law on the second level!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of amazement.
Regardless of the power of law, it was divided into ten levels. Because Luo Zheng had received the baptism of law, his compatibility with any law had reached a perfect realm. Therefore, it was very easy for Luo Zheng to cultivate the power of law.
However, back in the True Dragon World, Luo Zheng had only learned the first level of law. After returning to the Central Domain, there was no place for him to cultivate the second level of law. In the Central Domain, even those False Tribulation Realm powerhouses hadn't cultivated the complete power of law. For example, the power of law of space was even more incomplete and could only rely on oneself to comprehend it.
However, these Source Laws had been accumulated by countless people since ancient times. It was obviously unrealistic to rely on oneself to comprehend them.
Luo Zheng hadn't expected that he would have such an opportunity in the Sin Tower …
After Luo Zheng looked around, he chose the stone tablet that recorded the power of law of space and began to comprehend the power of law within.
Luo Zheng had never heard of a talent test having a time limit. Therefore, he didn't care about the ranking on the Talent Stele. This kind of false reputation was very important to the Purple Heart Holy Land because it was like a spiritual totem to a race.
To Luo Zheng, it was actually worthless. In comparison, cultivating the power of law was more important. Therefore, Luo Zheng planned to comprehend the power of law on all the stone tablets before leaving.
However, just as Luo Zheng chose the stone tablet, the other eight stone tablets that recorded the second level of law slowly faded and disappeared before Luo Zheng's eyes …
"How could this be!" Luo Zheng was completely depressed.
After choosing a stone tablet, the other stone tablets actually disappeared! This was a good opportunity for Luo Zheng to cultivate the power of law.
Luo Zheng could only sigh. Fortunately, the stone tablet in front of him that recorded the power of law of space didn't disappear. Luo Zheng didn't think about it and began to concentrate on comprehending the power of law of space.
If it weren't for the law baptism, Luo Zheng's compatibility with the power of law of space would be the highest. At that time, he had only encountered a space storm and comprehended a trace of the power of law from it. Now that he had a ready-made space stone tablet, Luo Zheng's comprehension speed naturally wouldn't be slow.
'This Talent Stele only tests the speed of comprehending the power of law?'
Luo Zheng thought to himself as he comprehended the power of law of space. If that was all, it wouldn't be difficult for Luo Zheng. He was already very sensitive to the power of law of space. Moreover, after the law baptism, his compatibility with the power of law had increased to a level that couldn't be improved.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that while he was comprehending the power of law of space, the names on the wall were also quietly changing.
Like Yun Luo, Luo Zheng's name was rapidly moving up.
Ninth row …
Eighth row …
Seventh row …
Soon, Luo Zheng's name was juxtaposed next to Xia Shuang's name.
"Luo Zheng's name is moving up very quickly! It seems to be faster than Yun Luo's! Can he also jump to the first row? "
"You're thinking too much. The Talent Stele doesn't test strength or speed. Speed doesn't determine height! Last time, a god-level genius' name stayed in the ninth row for a full two hours. Didn't he rise to the fourth row in the end? "
"It's not moving now? Could it be that Luo Zheng's talent is similar to Xia Shuang's? "
"What's the hurry? As long as Luo Zheng doesn't come out, we can't make a conclusion! "
Xia Shuang didn't say anything. However, she didn't know why, but she had a strange premonition in her heart. She felt that this man would definitely achieve a good result.
It was impossible to expect someone to stand in the first row like Yun Luo, but Luo Zheng could at least enter the third row and become an existence only second to Liu Yu, the God-Emperor!
Yun Luo, who was originally uninterested in anything, was also expressionlessly staring at the names on the wall. However, no one could guess what she was thinking …
Xing Hui's face was extremely gloomy!
Sixth row … This kid had already jumped to the sixth row! He, Xing Hui, was also known as a god-level genius in the Holy Land. He was a character on par with Xia Shuang. However, after taking the test, his name could only be written in the seventh row!
The ninth to seventh rows had the most people because after Xing Hui took the Talent Stele's test, there were still many people taking the test. His name had long been squeezed to the back. He estimated that it wouldn't be long before he would be completely squeezed out!
Looking at Luo Zheng's name in the sixth row, Xing Hui's heart suddenly had a kind of consciousness of resignation!
(Recommended novel 《Xingchen Xuan Zun》. Born with a crippled meridian, unwilling to accept fate, mysterious stars recognize their master … Search to see.)
＝＝＝＝＝