It hadn't been long, but Luo Zheng had already been promoted to the sixth row, easily surpassing him.
Who knew which row Luo Zheng would be promoted to?
In the Tower of Sin, besides Xia Shuang, Xing Hui was the most talented disciple of the Purple Heart Holy Land! His talent was inferior to Xia Shuang's, so Xing Hui could accept his fate.
Ever since he was a child, Xing Hui had regarded Xia Shuang as his only rival. She was also the object of his affections.
But this brat Luo Zheng, who came from some unknown corner, how could he compare to him, who came from the Purple Heart Holy Land?
In the Purple Heart Holy Land, Xia Shuang was like a goddess. Even to Xing Hui, she was indifferent. But to Luo Zheng, she was so patient. On the contrary, that brat was very arrogant. It would be strange if Xing Hui's mentality was balanced. So when Luo Zheng's name jumped, Xing Hui's heart would tremble!
The power of the Space Laws on the stone tablet was of great help to Luo Zheng.
The first layer of the Space Laws allowed one to travel through space, so the first layer of the Space Laws was called "Travel". After comprehending the first layer of the Space Laws, one would be able to travel a short distance, making it impossible to guard against.
The second layer of the Space Laws was called "Tear". If one completely comprehended the second layer, one could tear space at will. The torn space would form a fault. Not only could it block all attacks, but it could also form a space blade. In other words, one could use the space crack as a weapon!
With great difficulty, he finally obtained the opportunity to comprehend the second layer of the Space Laws. At this moment, Luo Zheng was very focused. He focused his consciousness on the stone tablet, concentrating on comprehending the Space Laws.
Given enough time, he could completely comprehend the second layer of the Space Laws. However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that …
In less than three incense sticks of time, the stone tablet actually began to gradually disappear!
"…"
Luo Zheng was speechless again. He didn't know what the Talent Tablet was trying to do.
The time given to Luo Zheng was too short. He had only comprehended about one-tenth of the second layer of the Space Laws. In other words, it was only about 10%!
Luo Zheng would rather give up the Talent Tablet's test. He wanted to talk about the second layer of the Space Laws. Unfortunately, the Tower of Sin didn't give him this opportunity.
"Is the test over?" Luo Zheng murmured.
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the pitch-black space around him changed again. Magnificent colors began to flicker all around Luo Zheng!
Kacha!
A crack suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was actually a spatial crack!
The moment the spatial crack appeared, it shot towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed.
That spatial crack was like the mouth of a monster, wanting to swallow Luo Zheng in one gulp.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed, and he forcibly avoided being swallowed by the space crack …
"This is also part of the test?" Luo Zheng had a puzzled look on his face. Perhaps he wanted to test the extent of his comprehension of the Laws of Space.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the Talent Tablet had some special secret method that could directly test a martial artist's talent. But now, it seemed that Luo Zheng's thoughts were truly naïve. Talent was originally a martial artist's comprehension of a certain subject.
Everyone was different. They had different preferences towards certain subjects, and their speed of comprehension also differed.
However, the mystical aspect of this Talent Tablet was that it seemed to be able to automatically distinguish each person's strengths, and then allow them to comprehend according to their strengths. After comprehending, it would test the efficiency of their comprehension. In this way, one would be able to determine the level of their talent.
If someone was extremely sensitive to the Laws of Fire, they would likely choose the Fire Law Tablet. But now, this test directly used all kinds of flames to attack!
"But this test is still not accurate." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng had just avoided the spatial crack, and he had only used the first layer of the Space Laws. After shuttling back and forth for a period of time, he was able to avoid it. This had nothing to do with his talent, but with Luo Zheng's strength.
But now, Luo Zheng had underestimated the power of the Talent Tablet!
Immediately after, spatial cracks began to appear all around Luo Zheng. As soon as these spatial cracks appeared, they rushed towards Luo Zheng. It was as if hundreds or even thousands of headless monsters had suddenly appeared in the darkness!
"So many!"
Luo Zheng's figure constantly shuttled back and forth in space, rapidly avoiding the spatial cracks!
But as more and more spatial cracks appeared, Luo Zheng's space to dodge became smaller and smaller.
This space wasn't large to begin with, and there weren't many places where Luo Zheng could move. As more and more spatial cracks appeared, Luo Zheng would be swallowed up by them sooner or later.
When Luo Zheng had dodged the giant swords that Si Miaoling had summoned from the Extreme Purple Realm, he had also used this move. But at that time, even if Si Miaoling had summoned hundreds of giant swords, Luo Zheng would still be able to find a foothold. But now, it was different. Luo Zheng's footholds were becoming smaller and smaller. If Luo Zheng was unable to resist these spatial cracks, he would likely be eliminated immediately!
Spatial cracks …
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Through the second level of the Law of Space, Luo Zheng had a certain understanding of space.
The first level of shuttling through space was actually to compress two spaces together. From an outsider's perspective, Luo Zheng had shuttled through a certain distance in the blink of an eye. But for Luo Zheng, he had only taken a single step. The shuttling distance was caused by the Law of Space gluing two "points" together.
In other words, Luo Zheng had bent space and then taken a shortcut.
The second level of spatial cracks was different.
Some super powerful beings could directly tear space apart by brute force. This showed that space actually had a certain strength. The smaller the world, the lower the strength of the space, and the easier it was for people to tear it apart.
For example, the space on the trial taker's path was extremely unstable. No one could even tear it apart. There were many spatial cracks and weak spots. At that time, Luo Zheng had been able to use those weak spots to move.
However, in the Great Thousand Domains, the strength of space was terrifyingly high. Even False Tribulation experts were unable to tear space apart. They could only use secret techniques to make space extremely weak. For example, Daoist Big Dream, who was at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, could disturb space and create a "weak spot" in it. Then, he could use that "weak spot" to use the Phantom Step to move.
However, Daoist Big Dream did not have the ability to tear space apart.
If he wanted to tear space apart in the Great Thousand Domains, even Cui Xie would find it difficult, unless he could completely comprehend the second level of the Law of Space!
If Luo Zheng was given a few days and nights, Luo Zheng would probably be able to comprehend the second level of the Law of Space. However, the time just now was too short. Luo Zheng was unable to grasp this opportunity!
At this time, he could only rely on himself to comprehend it!
While Luo Zheng was constantly dodging, he also began to search for the answer. Although space was torn apart, why would it cause harm to him?
Everyone was like a fish swimming in space. If there was a fault in the water, the fish would naturally swim in a certain direction! From this point of view, there was no difference between space and water!
"A fish in the water?"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's True Essence suddenly began to revolve, and he began to operate the second level of the Law of Space!
Even if Luo Zheng had not completely comprehended the second level of the Law of Space, it was enough!
After all, Luo Zheng did not intend to tear space apart, nor did he think that he would be able to freely use the second level of the Law of Space so quickly. What he wanted to do was to turn himself into a small fish that was constantly swimming, a small fish in space.
"Let's give it a try!"
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth. This time, he did not try to travel through space. Instead, he stood quietly in place.
Just as Luo Zheng stopped, the space cracks that were like the mouths of monsters swallowed Luo Zheng from all directions. At this moment, Luo Zheng chose to close his eyes!
If anyone else were here at this moment, they would probably think that Luo Zheng had given up.
"The first point of tearing space apart in the second level is to integrate oneself into space. In fact, this point has already been touched upon in the first level of the Law of Space. However, it is relatively simple. If I combine the first level of the Law of Space with what I have just comprehended, I should be able to do it!"