Anyone who didn't understand the Law of Space would be instantly torn to shreds by this spatial crack. Even a Divine Tool wouldn't be able to withstand the power of the spatial crack!
Luo Zheng's body was incomparably tough. He was probably the only one in the entire universe who possessed the body of an Immortal Tool. However, even if Luo Zheng had such a tough body, he would probably be torn to shreds if he was directly sucked into the spatial crack!
However, the moment those spatial cracks rolled towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's eyes slightly lit up. A mysterious power of the Law of Space flickered from the surface of his body, tightly wrapping him within it.
Then, a strange scene appeared.
Those spatial cracks that could tear apart Divine Tools didn't tear Luo Zheng's body apart. After Luo Zheng's body was overlapped by the spatial cracks, he was completely floating on the surface of the spatial cracks, completely unaffected!
After completely comprehending the second layer of the Law of Space, one could create spatial cracks at will and use them as their own weapons. However, if one wanted to create spatial cracks, one had to adapt to them!
As the spatial cracks spread, Luo Zheng's body was constantly filtered by the spatial cracks. However, he appeared on the other side of the spatial cracks in one piece. At this moment, he really became a small boat floating on the surface of the water. The spatial cracks were like waves on the surface of the water. Every time these waves rolled over, Luo Zheng would undulate along with them, unharmed …
Wave after wave rolled over, but Luo Zheng was able to wander freely on these spatial cracks.
Not only that, but Luo Zheng also continued to study the spatial cracks and the essence of space. Although this method was slower than comprehending the Law of Space on the stone tablet, it was still much faster than the most clumsy way of comprehending the Law of Space.
During this process, Luo Zheng's name continued to move up on the wall outside.
Originally, Luo Zheng's name was in the sixth row, the same row as Xia Shuang's name. However, at this moment, his name started to move up again, step by step!
"The fifth row!"
"The fourth row!"
As everyone screamed, Luo Zheng's name shot up like a rocket. Soon, he stood in the fourth row, standing in the same row as Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang!
Seeing this ranking, Xia Shuang quietly let out a sigh of relief. No matter what, the Human Race finally had a genius that could rival the Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan. According to past experience, as long as Luo Zheng didn't die, any genius in the fourth row would be able to obtain a seat.
However, the worries of Xia Shuang and the other Human Race weren't dispelled. Previously, the Demon Race had already determined that Luo Zheng was a great threat and wanted to eliminate Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng's ability.... and Luo Zheng......
Xia Shuang also understood that the Purple Heart Holy Land would not let this matter rest. After the talent test, the Purple Heart Holy Land would do their best to protect Luo Zheng!
....................................
Right at this time, a martial artist wearing an azure robe walked over.
"Lord Jing." Xia Shuang, Xing Hui, and the other Human Race generals cupped their hands towards Lord Jing and bowed.
Lord Jing nodded. As his eyes fell on Luo Zheng's name, his extremely reserved eyes flashed. "He's already in the fourth row?"
"Mm! He should still be able to go up! "Xia Shuang said confidently.
In truth, it was extremely difficult for a name to jump up a row. For example, as long as a genius like Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang didn't die, they would definitely be able to obtain a seat at the top of the pagoda in the future. If they continued to grow, they would break through to the Divine Sea realm and become the backbone of a Holy Land.
But Liu Yu was different. A second row genius like Liu Yu could lead the Demon Night Clan to a new era!
Liu Yu's record had been set 200 years ago. Now, Liu Yu was just over 200 years old. For a martial artist, this was the prime of their life. But, Liu Yu had already become the most formidable powerhouse on the Sea God Continent! This wasn't a legend, but something that had happened 200 years ago …
Besides Liu Yu who had reached the second row, no one else had ever reached the third row. But, according to general speculations, anyone who reached the third row would be able to obtain a position as the leader of a Holy Land!
Of course, talent wasn't everything. It was only an estimate of a martial artist's future achievements. A martial artist's growth wasn't something that could be accomplished with talent alone. They also needed destiny and space to grow. Only then could they become a character that could shake a region!
Every time one jumped up a step, there was a massive gap between them, a massive chasm. But, Xia Shuang was still so confident. It could be imagined just how much confidence she had in Luo Zheng. This sort of confidence could even be said to be blind.
However, Luo Zheng didn't just give Xia Shuang this feeling. He gave other martial artists and even creatures from other races the same feeling.
Even Starlight, who was extremely jealous of Luo Zheng, still believed in Xia Shuang's words. Luo Zheng wouldn't stop at the fourth level.
Lord Jing nodded. He had come down from the upper level today for Luo Zheng. No matter what results Luo Zheng achieved, he had to report them as soon as possible.
In the room, the fluctuations from the space cracks slowly subsided. Luo Zheng's surroundings were once again immersed in darkness.
"Is it over?" Luo Zheng wasn't clear about the situation outside, and he wasn't clear about the entire process of the talent assessment. Thus, he wasn't sure whether or not the talent assessment had ended.
However, this darkness only lasted for a moment. Then, a soft light bloomed around Luo Zheng once again. It was clear that a new round of the assessment was about to begin.
In this space, no one could answer him. He could only slowly fumble around and calmly respond.
When those soft lights appeared, Luo Zheng suddenly felt an irresistible force pressing down on his body!
"What's the meaning of this?"
This force didn't come from a specific direction. Instead, it was constantly pressing down on Luo Zheng from all directions. His body was even lifted into the air by this force!
"What a powerful force!"
Luo Zheng tried to struggle, but he simply couldn't get rid of the strength of this force. After he couldn't get rid of it with his pure physical strength, Luo Zheng tried to mobilize the vital essence in his body to erupt. However, just as Luo Zheng's vital essence began to revolve, it instantly disappeared without a trace!
"What's going on?"
A trace of panic appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
As the saying goes, one shouldn't be afraid of grasping empty air, but one should be afraid of stepping on empty air. Luo Zheng didn't fear the strength of his opponent, but he was afraid of losing his own strength!
In a situation where his vital essence failed to revolve, Luo Zheng decisively began to revolve his vital essence. Although vital essence wasn't as explosive as vital essence, it had the advantage of being long-lasting.
Just as he revolved his vital essence, Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed. It was useless!
"This …" Luo Zheng's complexion changed dramatically.
"Dragon Scale Power!"
It was still useless …
Apart from Luo Zheng's physical strength, Luo Zheng simply couldn't use any other power.
This was going to be troublesome.
Was it just to test the strength and strength of my physical body that he had concealed all of his power? Luo Zheng frowned as he thought.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was relieved that this Talent Stele couldn't be controlled by the Demon Race. Even if the Demon Race had monopolized the Tower of Sin, they weren't the masters of the Tower of Sin! In the lower realms, there probably wasn't any creature that could control this huge tower!
After all, this was just a talent test. Although the pressure on his body was increasing little by little, the purpose of this pressure wasn't to crush him, but to test Luo Zheng's physical body.
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, the pressure was getting stronger and stronger!
Under this pressure, even if an iron ball was thrown in, it would probably be crushed into a metal pancake.
However, the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body was far stronger than ordinary steel. As a high-grade immortal tool, the toughness of his physical body had probably exceeded the limits of the human body, and his bones were many times stronger than ordinary metal. Wanting to crush Luo Zheng wouldn't be an easy task.
Luo Zheng was constantly bearing the heavy pressure, and his bones burst out with 'ka ka ka' sounds. The gaps between his bones were constantly being compressed, and the friction between them produced this sound.
Under this heavy pressure, this force was approaching Luo Zheng's limit step by step!
"I'm afraid … it's not possible. This force is too terrifying. I'm afraid that even an ordinary war senior wouldn't be able to erupt with such a powerful force!"
If it continued to press down, Luo Zheng's physical body would probably collapse. At this moment, that soft light quietly dispersed, and Luo Zheng fell heavily to the ground with a 'pa' sound.