Liu Yu had created a miracle on the Sea God Continent. Everyone knew of this.
But, no one envied him.
The reason was simple. This was because they didn't even have the qualifications to envy him.
Let alone creating this miracle, the first step was to place one's name next to Liu Yu's! Since ancient times, how many people had entered the Tower of Sin? There were even more people that had entered the Tower of Sin's tenth floor to take the test of the Talent Tablet!
But, there wasn't a single life form that had the qualifications to place their name next to Liu Yu's.
On this wall, starting from the first four rows, there were already lofty existences!
This was because those on the fourth row were destined to become Divine Sea powerhouses, becoming peak existences on the Sea God Continent.
As for those on the second row, they were destined to create a new era.
History was destined to remember this day. At this moment, two people's names stood on the second row. Moreover, these two people both came from the human race!
Yun Luo didn't need to be mentioned for now. To the Purple Heart Holy Lands, to the Tower of Sin, and to the numerous life forms of the Sea God Continent, her origins were an unfathomable mystery. When her name jumped to the first row, many life forms could only sigh in their hearts. But, none of them were jealous!
After all, Yun Luo hadn't been promoted for so many years. Even if she wanted to help the Purple Heart Holy Lands, she couldn't do so. At most, she could gift them some Light of Good Fortune. Although this was a great help to the tenth floor's battle generals, compared to Yun Luo's outstanding talent …
As for the demon race and other races, they hoped that she would obediently stay on the tenth floor and continue doing this boring task.
This was because once Yun Luo chose to promote and obtained a seat, her cultivation would make a breakthrough. The consequences would be hard to imagine. With her talent in the first row, her future achievements would be even greater than Liu Yu's. Perhaps humanity would rise up because of this!
But right after Yun Luo, Luo Zheng jumped to the second row.
Luo Zheng was very different from Yun Luo. Although his origins were strange, he had a strong motivation to climb up!
Other than Moon Guardian, the other demon battle generals all had the same thought when they saw this scene. No matter what price they had to pay, they had to kill him. The demon race was even willing to give up ten seats, or even exchange them with the human race. It was fine even if they gave these seats to the human race!
But, Luo Zheng had to die!
They didn't want to see another Liu Yu.
In the past, the human race had been looked down upon, mocked, and disdained by them. At this moment, the number one race on the Sea God Continent was incomparably fearful!
Xia Shuang covered her mouth and laughed again. Her hunch was right! Luo Zheng … was definitely not an ordinary genius!
Lord Jing's gaze was profound. His hands hung naturally by his sides, but they were already clenched into fists, trembling slightly …
Even though Lord Jing's temperament was exceptionally steady, at this moment, he could not suppress the excitement in his heart. After a long while, he muttered in a low voice, "Luo Zheng, you really did not disappoint us!"
As for the others, creatures from other races, their expressions were all different, extremely rich!
For some races, the rise and fall of the human race didn't mean much to them. In any case, their race didn't have any enmity with the human race, but their relationship with the human race wasn't good either.
However, the people from the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race were naturally deeply fearful. For them, this was not good news.
The resources on the Sea God Continent were barren. When a race rose, it would inevitably invade another race's space. As the saying goes, those who are not of the same race will have different intentions. Between races, there was always a "zero-sum game" between races!
In other words, if you don't die, then I die.
Moon Guardian quietly looked at Luo Zheng's name. At this moment, he was extremely silent. The changes in his heart were also very intense.
Perhaps …
The elders' decision was right.
Their foresight was ultimately more far-sighted than his. Luo Zheng was indeed someone that the Demon Race wanted to eliminate at all costs!
Moon Guardian had a bad premonition in his heart. Perhaps because of Luo Zheng's appearance, the Demon Race, which had flourished for a long time, would decline because of this.
Moon Guardian was very proud. He was willing to stand in the arena and defeat Luo Lie fair and square. However, this did not mean that he would watch a terrifying opponent grow and affect the fate of his race!
After all, he was a member of the Demon Race. From the perspective of his race, a strong sense of crisis arose in his heart. Because of this, he was afraid.
"I still have a chance," Moon Guardian said coldly in his heart. "After you walk onto the arena, I will do my best to eliminate you. Even if it means risking my life!"
However, just as everyone was staring blankly at Luo Zheng's name in the second row, Luo Zheng's name disappeared again …
Then, the two shining golden words "Luo Zheng" appeared in the first row, pushing Yun Luo's name one place behind.
As for the five names in the first row, "Yun Mianxin", "Gu Heche", "Ya", and "Yun Mianxin", they were also pushed one place behind …
The two words "Luo Zheng" in the first row were especially dazzling!
"Heavens … Luo Zheng's name is in first place!"
"What kind of f * cking talent is needed to be in first place?"
"Like Luo Zheng's talent!"
"Nonsense, what level is Luo Zheng's talent at? Tell me! God-level talent is only in the fourth row. What kind of talent is in the first row? How do you describe it? "
When it came to talent, there was indeed no quantitative indicator. It could only be compared.
Yun Mianxin, Gu Heche, and Ya were names that the creatures on the Sea God Continent didn't recognize at all. They could only imagine them as god-like existences.
But in one day, two people stood together with these names. Luo Zheng, Yun Luo!
Who still dared to mock the Human Race as a useless race? A cowardly race?
At this moment, all the creatures on the tenth level were in an uproar. Regardless of whether the Human Race would rise up because of this, at least from now on, no other race would dare to mock the Human Race as weak. Because once they did, the two names on the list would immediately retaliate strongly!
If your race is so capable, why don't you give birth to a genius and try leaving your name in the first row?
At this moment, more and more creatures gathered to watch.
Even the battles that had been going on day and night in the arena had stopped.
Demon Race, Yao Night Race, Beastmen Race, Giant Race, Night Race … there were all kinds of races, all kinds of faces. The many creatures watching were also discussing spiritedly. Most of them felt that Luo Zheng would rise up, and so would the Human Race. However, there were also some creatures that didn't think so.
"If Luo Zheng grows up, it's very likely that he'll help the Purple Heart Holy Land become one of the three great races on the Sea God Continent!"
"Childish, I don't think so. The Demon Race won't let Luo Zheng grow up. Once they can't kill Luo Zheng in the arena, those War Reverends above will probably ignore the rules and do their best to kill Luo Zheng!"
"Actually, with such talent, Luo Zheng shouldn't have entered the Talent Monument. If his talent was only in the fifth row, the fourth row would still be fine. After all, it wouldn't cause the Demon Race to be afraid. But now, isn't this clearly telling the Demon Race about his talent? How could the Demon Race sit idly by and do nothing? "
"I also think so. Liu Yu has taught the Demon Race a lesson in blood. Even now, the Demon Race is regretting that they didn't try their best to kill Liu Yu. Now that the Demon Race has learned their lesson, they definitely won't let him go. Even if they have to break the rules, they will kill Luo Zheng!"
"Moreover, the Yao Night Clan won't sit idly by. Luo Zheng's rise isn't good for the Yao Night Clan at all!"
The discussions of the many races spread into the ears of Xia Shuang and the other humans. Xia Shuang and Lord Jing's complexions turned ugly.
They weren't wrong. It was impossible for the Demon Race to remain indifferent to this matter. The greatest possibility was that they would break the rules of the Tower of Sin and send War Reverends to kill Luo Zheng!
Within the Purple Heart Holy Lands, the human race had Divine Sea Supreme Elders guarding them. But, let alone a Divine Sea powerhouse, even a battle Saint level powerhouse was unable to enter the Tower of Sin. They were too far away, and within the Tower of Sin, the human race only had four seats at the top!
How could these four seat controllers resist more than twenty seat controllers of the Demon Race?
To the Demon Race, this wasn't good news at all!
Outside, a storm was brewing. Inside the room, Luo Zheng didn't notice it at all. Luo Zheng had completed the final test. The light around him gradually faded away.
In front of Luo Zheng, a pair of eyes suddenly appeared.
＝＝＝＝＝