Luo Zheng more or less understood how this Innate Talent Stele tested one's innate talent.
The first test tested a martial artist's comprehension of the Laws, while the second test tested one's physical strength, but it also tested one's innate talent through immense pressure!
As for what mysterious methods were involved, Luo Zheng wasn't clear. Purely in terms of innate talent, Luo Zheng wouldn't lose to anyone!
Luo Zheng's body was already different from an ordinary person's. Not to mention a martial artist who cultivated true essence, even a Body Refiner couldn't compare with him. Once Luo Zheng's body broke through to the Sacred Tool realm, or even higher, it would be even more terrifying. His potential would be close to limitless!
Besides the physical body, the third test tested one's soul. Luo Zheng also passed this test!
After the three innate talent tests were completed, it was reasonable to say that this test should have ended.
But the door on the wall didn't open, and the surrounding space was still dark. It seemed like there was something else to test?
"What else will they test? They won't give me a cultivation method to cultivate, right? "
Although this idea was absurd, it was still a test method. With the Sin Tower's ability, the cultivation method it gave out wouldn't be simple. Luo Zheng was very willing, but it was just his imagination running wild.
Just as his imagination was running wild, a pair of eyes suddenly appeared in the dark space in front of Luo Zheng.
The world was vast, and there were many kinds of creatures with different forms. But as long as they were normal creatures, they all had one thing in common: eyes.
A True Dragon had eyes, a Blue Luan had eyes, and humans also had eyes. This was a special characteristic of all creatures!
So when several rays of light appeared in front of him and formed a pair of eyes, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. At the same time, he asked, "Who are you?"
Another light spot appeared in the darkness. This light spot gently waved, and finally formed a pair of mouths. Then, a distant and ancient voice sounded, "Human, I am the artifact spirit of this Sin Tower!"
"Artifact spirit!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"Yes!" The melodious voice murmured, "As the artifact spirit, I have already existed in this tower for a million years …"
"A million years!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
In the Central Domain, ancient overlords were already considered freakish existences. As for ancient overlords … no one had been born since ancient times, because only immortals had such a long lifespan.
Even Immortal Tian Miao only had a lifespan of several tens of thousands of years. Yet, this Artifact Spirit was able to exist in the Tower of Sin for a million years. Just this point alone made Luo Zheng shudder in fear!
After a million years, even a Sacred Artifact would have turned into a pile of ash. However, this Artifact Spirit had existed for so long. In other words, the Tower of Sin had existed for at least a million years.
"There's no need to be so surprised. Us Heavenly Soul clansmen exist in a different form from you …" That voice indifferently said. "We don't have a physical body. We're almost like sentient beings. Naturally, we won't age. As long as this Tower of Sin doesn't collapse, I won't die."
So that was the case. The world was vast and full of wonders. It was hard for Luo Zheng, who had only lived for a dozen years, to imagine that the Heavenly Soul Race had such a long lifespan.
As long as a physical body existed, it would require a constant supply of energy to maintain the body's metabolism. Even if immortals didn't need to eat, they still needed to consume other forms of energy.
However, since the Heavenly Soul Race didn't have a physical body, their lifespan was countless times longer than that of humans.
As for the Artifact Spirit, according to Luo Zheng's understanding, it should be an existence similar to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye. However, Yao Ye was only attached to Luo Zheng's body, while this Artifact Spirit was attached to the Tower of Sin.
"You, what's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Artifact Spirit was silent for a moment. Then, it said, "Your talent is the best in the past million years."
Hearing the Artifact Spirit's evaluation, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. He didn't interrupt the Artifact Spirit and allowed it to continue.
"According to the rules of the Innate Talent Stele, you've passed three tests. These three tests didn't measure your limit. Therefore, I want to ask you, are you willing to take the next test?" The Artifact Spirit asked.
"There's another test?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The Artifact Spirit said, "That's right. This test has never been used before. You … are the first person to take the test."
"Are there any benefits?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"According to the master's idea, this tower is a trial tower for his race to increase their strength. Every living being that passes the Innate Talent Stele's test will receive a certain amount of benefits." The Artifact Spirit said indifferently, "If you can pass the test, there will definitely be benefits. Furthermore, the benefits will be much greater than other living beings."
Previously, Luo Zheng had heard Xia Shuang mention that the Innate Talent Stele was very mysterious. After passing the test, the Innate Talent Stele would even increase the tester's talent!
Since it could even increase one's talent, Luo Zheng was naturally very interested in the Innate Talent Stele.
However, when Luo Zheng heard the Artifact Spirit's words, his interest was naturally even greater!
"I agree!" Luo Zheng didn't think much and immediately said, "However, I still have a question."
"Young man, you can ask your question," the Artifact Spirit said.
"What race is the master of this Tower of Sin?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng had always been very interested in the origin of the Tower of Sin. After all, Luo Zheng had rushed over from the Central Domain. His most important goal was to obtain the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. However, other than giving him a token, Immortal Heaven Mist didn't reveal much information to Luo Zheng.
Thus, Luo Zheng could only ask around himself.
However, the races of the Sea God Continent didn't know much more than Luo Zheng. They didn't know how the Cursed Land appeared, and they didn't know where the Tower of Sin came from!
After Luo Zheng asked this question, the Artifact Spirit hesitated for a moment before slowly saying, "Master didn't forbid me from answering this question. I can tell you that they are from the Demi-Immortal Race."
"Demi-Immortal Race?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Yes, Master's race is from the Demi-Immortal Race," the Artifact Spirit repeated.
"What race is that? Are they from the Human Race? "Luo Zheng asked.
"No, the Demi-Immortal Race is a very powerful race. They can't be considered a Human Race. I can't give you any more answers …" the Artifact Spirit said indifferently.
Luo Zheng secretly rolled his eyes. He had asked this question in vain. The Artifact Spirit didn't seem to be able to give him any answers. He only knew about the Demi-Immortal Race. As for the answers … he would have to find them himself in the future. Perhaps after he obtained the inheritance at the bottom of the Tower of Sin, he would be able to figure it all out.
"I have answered your question. Now, the ultimate test begins. Young man, I hope you can pass!"
After the Artifact Spirit's voice slowly faded, the surrounding light began to change. At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the ground beneath his feet become empty, as if he had sunk into the starry sky!
Mysterious patterns constantly appeared around Luo Zheng. These patterns were very abstract, and each one was different. The aura emitted from these patterns made Luo Zheng feel a great sense of reverence.
This feeling of reverence seemed to come from the instincts of life!
"What are these patterns?" Luo Zheng looked at the patterns suspiciously. "Is this the ultimate test? Then what is it testing me for? "
While Luo Zheng was puzzled, the first pattern rapidly approached Luo Zheng. This feeling was similar to when Luo Zheng cultivated the "Starry Battle Body" and his consciousness slowly approached a star.
However, Luo Zheng didn't move. Instead, the pattern pressed down on Luo Zheng's head!
As the pattern slowly approached, Luo Zheng felt infinitely small. Facing this pattern, he was like a grain of sand!
"This feeling is very uncomfortable!"
Luo Zheng frowned. The aura in his body suddenly erupted and collided with the pattern.
"Rumble …"
With a flash of white light, a person appeared in front of Luo Zheng. This person was wearing a Daoist robe. His appearance couldn't be seen clearly, and he held a jade dagger in his hand.
At the same time, the Artifact Spirit's voice sounded again. "This is the Undead Mark, the Undead Mark left behind by this powerhouse after he died."
"And then?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and asked.
"Defeat him," the Artifact Spirit answered briefly.
"How is his strength?" Luo Zheng asked.
"His strength when he was alive was about the same as a human powerhouse of the Divine Sea Realm," the Artifact Spirit answered.