Divine Sea Realm warriors could only be born in Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms.
No Divine Sea Realm warrior had ever been born in the entire Central Domain, because once a sect had a Divine Sea Realm warrior, the sect would be qualified to establish a Holy Land. If an independent warrior broke through to the Divine Sea Realm, he would be qualified to establish his own Divine Kingdom!
Of course, Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands still needed endless time to accumulate resources. A Divine Sea Realm warrior was already qualified to be called an emperor.
Luo Zheng was a tenth-order warrior. Above him was the General Realm, then the War Revered Realm, then the War Saint Realm, and then the Divine Sea Realm. Luo Zheng was no match for a Divine Sea Realm warrior!
A Divine Sea Realm warrior truly had the strength to create a new world. They could also choose to ascend and follow the rules of heaven and earth to ascend to the upper world! For such a person to kill Luo Zheng with only one hand was overestimating Luo Zheng. They could take Luo Zheng's life with just one finger!
Was this ultimate test really that difficult?
"Don't be nervous. These soul marks … are just the memories of the dead. They will suppress their cultivation to the same level as yours and fight with you." The spirit's faint voice floated over.
"I see!"
It was unreasonable to set up a powerful warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm to test the potential of a warrior. Luo Zheng would be killed before he could even touch the sleeves of the warrior.
However, even if they suppressed their cultivation to the same level as Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's chances of winning were still very low.
A Divine Sea Realm warrior, whether it was combat experience, comprehension of laws, or control of True Essence and Vital Spirit, was far from what Luo Zheng could compare with.
Even if they suppressed their cultivation to the tenth-order warrior and started on the same starting line as Luo Zheng, they would still be able to easily defeat an ordinary War Revered …
Luo Zheng's chances of winning were still not high!
Although the chances of winning were not high, there was still a chance to fight.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took out a long sword from his Sumeru Ring. His figure flashed, turning into a thin line, and suddenly rushed towards that person.
The jade sword in the Daoist's hand gently moved horizontally. With a "ding" sound, it easily blocked Luo Zheng's first strike. There was a faint smile on his face!
Luo Zheng didn't stop at all. Since his first slash failed, he immediately followed it up with a flick of his wrist. He wanted to flick the jade sword away from his opponent's hand.
However, the jade sword in the Taoist priest's hand seemed to be a living thing. It followed Luo Zheng's sword and swayed gently like a shadow. It was still firmly sealed in front of him.
"What a tight defense! What an exquisite sword art!" Luo Zheng praised.
When Luo Zheng had comprehended the Dao of Simplicity, he had never been at a disadvantage in terms of sword moves! Up until now, no one had been able to break through it in a pure contest of sword moves.
However, the Daoist in front of him had easily sealed his sword technique!
What surprised Luo Zheng was that although this Taoist was just a mark after death, he seemed to still have emotions. There was even a hint of mockery on his face.
"Break for me!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng displayed the Basic Sword Art to the extreme. Swift and fierce sword moves chaotically attacked the Taoist priest in front of him one after another.
However, the light jade sword in the Taoist priest's hand was like a tightly closed door. It firmly sealed all of Luo Zheng's sword moves outside. It was watertight.
"Ding ding ding ding ding …"
Within a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng had stabbed over a hundred times. However, the Taoist priest had only used one sword move back and forth!
He couldn't break through his sword move …
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed more and more. He increasingly felt that his sword technique had some fatal flaws.
The Dao of Simplicity was indeed powerful. Every move was simplified to the extreme. However, at the end of the extreme, there was a lack of flexibility.
Moves were originally created by people. Even though the Basic Sword Art was the foundation of all sword arts, there was still the possibility of flexibility.
It seemed that he was still too rigidly adhering to the sword moves …
His Basic Sword Art wasn't the extreme of simplification. There should be another level behind the extreme!
The Dao of Simplicity was comprehended by the heavens!
After simplifying to the extreme, the sword moves had already lost their meaning.
Luo Zheng retreated a few steps, keeping a certain distance from the Taoist priest. Looking at the faint mocking expression on the Taoist priest's face, Luo Zheng's eyes became brighter and brighter. It was as if two stars were inlaid in his eye sockets.
"Comprehension …"
Luo Zheng felt his breathing suddenly quicken. A carefree feeling of comprehension hovered in his mind!
After Luo Zheng simplified the Basic Sword Art, it hadn't changed. However, Luo Zheng felt that his comprehension of the sword moves was slowly approaching a limit. There was another thin layer in his mind that prevented him from comprehending further!
However, at this moment, that layer of barrier was finally penetrated by Luo Zheng!
"The extreme of simplification is nothingness. In other words, no move is better than a move!"
"Let's see how you're going to take this sword move!"
"Formless!
The so-called formless means that there are no moves. This move originally didn't have a name, but Luo Zheng still gave it a name.
His sword was crooked and looked like a random sword move by a child who didn't understand the sword art. However, it was this crooked sword that made the mocking expression on the Taoist priest's face disappear. It was replaced by a dignified expression.
"Ding!"
The Taoist priest's jade sword once again blocked Luo Zheng's long sword.
However, Luo Zheng's long sword casually followed up with a stab. It directly broke through the Taoist priest's defense and went straight for the Taoist priest's vital point.
In order to avoid Luo Zheng's move, the Taoist priest finally retreated.
From the beginning, the Taoist priest hadn't retreated a single step. It seemed that Luo Zheng's sword moves weren't worth him retreating. However, facing Luo Zheng's "Formless", the Taoist priest had no choice but to retreat because he simply couldn't avoid this sword move.
"I can't dodge it!"
Luo Zheng had already seized the opportunity. How could he let it go? The long sword was still crooked and stabbed at the Taoist priest from an extremely strange angle.
The Taoist priest once again used his jade sword to block Luo Zheng's attack. However, Luo Zheng followed up with a wave of his sword and broke the Taoist priest's jade sword!
A jade sword and an iron sword constantly crisscrossed. The Taoist priest was already retreating step by step. He was completely unable to block Luo Zheng's attack.
After the Taoist priest retreated to a certain point, the jade sword suddenly twisted towards Luo Zheng. A soul-stirring power of law burst out from the jade sword. Swift and fierce thunderbolts burst out from the jade sword and shot towards Luo Zheng's head!
The power contained in this thunderbolt made Luo Zheng's heart beat wildly. The power of the law of thunder contained in it might have already reached the third level of the law of thunder!
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, this Taoist priest came from the Upper Realm. With his Divine Sea Realm cultivation, it was natural for him to comprehend the third level of the law of thunder.
Fortunately, this Taoist priest suppressed his cultivation to the level of a tenth-order fighter, which was the same as Luo Zheng's cultivation. Otherwise, Luo Zheng would have been instantly killed by this thunderbolt. However, after suppressing his cultivation, Luo Zheng didn't show the slightest trace of fear!
"I'll break your sword once more!"
Luo Zheng's iron sword danced in the air in a strange line. There were no rules, nor were there any restrictions. However, just as his sword was crooked, it strangely bypassed the Taoist priest's sword and instantly pierced through the Taoist priest's heart!
"Pop …"
The moment the Taoist priest's heart was pierced, his entire body turned into fragments and dissipated in front of Luo Zheng.
"Did I win?"
After the fragments dissipated, another pattern continued to head towards Luo Zheng's head!
"The test isn't over yet …"
However, after defeating the first Taoist priest, Luo Zheng's confidence greatly increased. Even if a Divine Sea Realm powerhouse suppressed his cultivation to the same level as him, he might not be his opponent!
Luo Zheng was undergoing the ultimate test inside the Talent Stele, but the people outside were becoming more and more strange!
It took too long.
The longest test in the Talent Stele was only two hours. Just now, it took less than an hour for Yun Luo's name to climb to the first place.
However, three hours had already passed, and Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest intention of coming out!
"What's going on? What happened to Luo Zheng in the Talent Stele? "
"Could it be that an accident happened?"
"Three hours … why is it taking so long?"
A trace of worry flashed across Xia Shuang's face. Could it be that Luo Zheng really encountered an accident in the Talent Stele?