Lord Jing's greatest worry was the Demon Race.
Luo Zheng had just entered the Tower of Sin, but he had already incurred the wrath of the Demon Race. If Luo Zheng's performance hadn't been so outstanding, the Demon Race might have let Luo Zheng go.
At the very least, they wouldn't break the rules of the Tower of Sin just to kill Luo Zheng.
Although the Demon Race had many seats, they only occupied less than a quarter of the hundred plus seats at the top of the Tower of Sin. Breaking the rules of the Tower of Sin required a considerable price.
But it was different now.
Liu Yu had led the Night Demon Clan to rise rapidly. The Demon Race couldn't just sit and watch as Luo Zheng led the Human Race to rise!
Moreover, Luo Zheng's talent had already surpassed Liu Yu's, and he stood in the first row. Once such a person matured, he might be able to wipe out the two Holy Lands of the Demon Race from the Sea God Continent!
This wasn't a joke. Every race had a strong sense of danger. Although the Demon Race was powerful, they were no exception. When faced with such a threat, they wouldn't care about the rules or the safety zone. They had to kill Luo Zheng even if they had to offend all the other races!
The Demon Race's War Reverends weren't the only ones who had entered the 10th floor. The Night Demon Clan's War Reverends were also increasing in number!
Right at this moment, a burst of hearty laughter suddenly rang out from nearby, following which a tremendous sense of pressure swept over. All of the living beings who had been staring at the names on the wall all turned their heads away.
Another War Reverend from the Demon Race was walking over. A tenth rank War Reverend!
Lord Jing, Xia Shuang, and the others' hearts trembled. "Seat controller! Meng Chong! "
The Sea God Continent used two methods to determine the strength of a race. The first was the experts of the various Holy Lands. The second was the seats in the Tower of Sin!
The Demon Race had the most seats. Those who could become seat controllers were usually tenth rank War Reverends.
And this demon called Meng Chong in front of him was a seat controller!
Surrounded by a group of War Reverends from the Demon Race, Meng Chong walked over with large strides. The aura he emitted was ferocious and domineering. The other races all made way for him.
At the sight of Meng Chong, Yue Shou and the other demon battle generals also raised their fists towards Meng Chong and placed them on their chests. That was the special etiquette of demons.
Meng Chong's bell-like eyes stared at the wall. When he saw the two words' Luo Zheng 'floating high in the first row, he sneered, "This Luo Zheng's talent is actually so terrifying. He must die. When he walks out of the Talent Stele, I'll take his life!"
As soon as these words were spoken, the surrounding creatures immediately quieted down. The seat controller was the one who made the rules of the Tower of Sin. Of course, it was impossible for him to not know that this was a safe zone. This meant that the higher-ups of the Demon Race had reached an agreement to kill Luo Zheng at all costs.
Xia Shuang's expression changed drastically. She bit her lip with her pearly white teeth and her eyes were filled with anxiety!
Lord Jing's expression became even more unnatural. After thinking for a while, he suddenly said, "Lord Meng Chong, if the demons do this, I'm afraid it's against the rules, right?"
Meng Chong glared at Lord Jing and sneered: "Who do you think you are? What qualifications do you have to speak to me? "
Although Lord Jing was one of the top powerhouses of the Human Race in the Tower of Sin, he wasn't the seat controller of the Human Race. He indeed wasn't qualified!
Lord Jing's expression changed. In the end, he chose to shut his mouth.
The surrounding creatures were whispering to each other.
"Sigh, Luo Zheng is dead for sure."
"It wasn't easy for the Human Race to produce such a monstrous genius, but he's going to be killed by the Demon Race. What a pity, what a pity …"
"There's no other way. If I were the Demon Race, I would do the same. Who would let such a threat grow?"
In the midst of this discussion, a voice faintly floated out.
"Lord Meng Chong, your words are a bit too overbearing. The rules of the Tower of Sin, does the Demon Race really not need to abide by them?"
When that voice fell, a cold gust of wind blew over. Everyone suddenly realized that there was a white shadow not far away. The blurry shadow kept flashing. Everyone rubbed their eyes and saw that it was a white-clothed war elder of the Human Clan! Moreover, it was a War Reverend of the Tenth Step!
Today, the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was really too lively.
After seeing that person, Lord Jing, Xia Shuang, Xing Hui and the rest went up and bowed.
Meng Chong glared at that person and sneered: "Zhao Fenqin? What? You came out alone today? Where's Zhou Zhuohe? Don't the two of you always appear together? "
The Human Race had four seats at the top of the tower. Two of them were called Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe!
The two of them were proficient in using swords. When the two of them combined their swords, they could even fight against a War Reverend!
"Aren't I here now?" A neither yin nor yang voice floated out from another direction. That person was wearing black clothes. If he didn't speak and just stood there quietly, he would naturally blend into the shadows.
Burn Qin and Burn Crane. After the two seat controllers of the Human Race, one black and one white, appeared, Lord Jing, Xia Shuang and the rest's confidence slightly increased.
However, they also knew that the situation was still not optimistic.
In the Tower of Sin, the Human Race had no way to fight against the Devil Race. For example, the Human Race only had four seat controllers and the Devil Race had more than twenty. How could they compete? The Devil Race didn't send so many seat controllers because they felt that Meng Chong alone was enough to deal with them!
Only the weak side would use all their trump cards in one go. The Devil Race obviously didn't need to do so.
Zhao Fenqin walked over and his gaze fell on Luo Zheng's name. His face revealed a satisfied expression. Then, he looked at the Devil Race indifferently and said coldly: "Meng Chong, you can't touch this person! The rules that we set together are not allowed to be trampled by the Devil Race as you wish! If you can break the rules as you wish, wouldn't the super genius of any race be obliterated by the Devil Race? "
Zhao Fenqin's words made the other races deeply agree.
No race was willing to submit to the Devil Race. Many races sent their people into the Tower of Sin to cultivate. Wasn't it because they hoped that a few genius powerhouses would be born that could reverse the situation of the entire race?
Today, a super genius of the Human Race was obliterated by the Devil Race. Then, tomorrow, a super genius of another race would be obliterated by the Devil Race as well!
Therefore, Zhao Fenqin's words were very clever. He dragged the other races down with him from the start.
When the other races heard this, they also deeply agreed.
"Yes, the Devil Race's actions are really against the rules!"
"They can defeat Luo Zheng in the arena, but killing Luo Zheng in the safe zone is too much. In the end, the Tower of Sin is everyone's Tower of Sin, not the Devil Race's Tower of Sin!"
"The Devil Race is used to being tyrannical. However, if they really kill Luo Zheng, the other races should think carefully about whether or not there's a need to start a sect war and flatten the Twin Devil Holy Lands!"
The Twin Devil Holy Lands were referring to the Flame Devil Holy Lands and the Fear Devil Holy Lands.
The other races in the Tower of Sin were indeed no match for the Devil Race. However, if the other races joined forces, and Liu Yu of the Demon Night Clan, flattening the Twin Devil Holy Lands wasn't impossible!
This was also the reason why the Devil Race gave up more than half of the seats in the Tower of Sin!
Meng Chong coldly snorted and looked around at the other races. A cold smile appeared on his face, "Rules? Haha, rules have always been made by the strong. Our Devil Race intends to temporarily abolish the rules of the safe zone. What do you think? "
"Aren't these words a bit unreasonable?"
As soon as Meng Chong's voice fell, a tall figure appeared.
From beginning to end, Meng Chong didn't have the slightest scruple. Even when facing Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, he didn't have the slightest scruple. The four seat holders of the Human Race's seats were only a small inconvenience to the Devil Race!
However, when he heard this voice, Meng Chong's face revealed a trace of fear. His voice was gloomy as he said, "What? Your Demon Night Clan intends to interfere? "
Whether it was in the Tower of Sin or on the Sea God's Continent, only the Demon Night Clan could stand up to the Devil Race. If the Demon Night Clan wanted to interfere, the situation would become very troublesome!
This was why Meng Chong was afraid.
＝＝＝＝＝