That tall and slender figure slowly walked over, followed by several generals of the Yao Night Clan.
The Yao Ye Clan had more females than males. This perfect clan was almost entirely dominated by females!
Seeing the figure slowly approaching, many males of other clans couldn't help but swallow their saliva with greed in their eyes.
However, when the woman of the Yao Ye Clan glanced at them, they immediately felt a burning sensation in their eyes, as if they were being burned by a flame!
"Ah! My eyes! "
"It hurts, I can't see!"
"Did I go blind?"
Many creatures covered their eyes and screamed.
"Who told you to look blindly! Not only did you look blindly, but you also had lustful thoughts, so of course you would be attacked. That is the controller of the Yao Ye Clan, Bai Huan! I heard that she is only a tenth rank warrior, but her soul has already reached the Battle Soul Realm! "
"Battle Soul Realm? My god, even some Battle Saints don't have a Battle Soul Realm soul, right? "
"You underestimate the Battle Soul Realm. Not every Divine Sea Realm warrior has a Battle Soul Realm soul. It is said that a Battle Soul Realm warrior's soul is extremely powerful. Normal soul attacks can't damage her soul at all!"
Bai Huan's steps were light, as agile as a cat. When she walked to the Talent Stele and saw the name on the wall, her eyes were filled with surprise. Even though she had received news that a tenth rank warrior from the human race had climbed to the first row, she was still shocked and in disbelief when she saw it with her own eyes.
How … could the human race give birth to such a genius? Even stronger than Liu Yu of the Yao Ye Clan?
Then, Bai Huan glanced at Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe.
Zhao Fenqin immediately said, "Bai Huan, the rules set by the 14 clans are not going to be abolished by the Demon Race just like that! If they have the ability to kill Luo Zheng in the arena, we won't say anything, but if they kill Luo Zheng in a safe area, that's going too far! "
Zhao Fenqin knew that the human race was too weak to negotiate with the Demon Race. He could only place his hope on the Yao Ye Clan.
The Yao Ye Clan had 16 seats at the top of the pagoda, which was second only to the Devil Clan. Moreover, the members of the Yao Ye Clan were even stronger than the Devil Clan! Even if they had fewer seats than the Demon Race, they were not afraid of the Demon Race.
Meng Chong stared at Bai Huan's peerlessly beautiful face as well. The devil race didn't want the Yaowe Clan to interfere. Once the Yaowe Clan interfered, the matter would become extremely troublesome.
Bai Huan smiled faintly. That smile seemed to be able to touch one's soul. Then, he said, "Our Demon Night Clan will not interfere in this matter."
Putting aside the enmity between the Night Demon Clan and the Devil Race, the Night Demon Clan and the Devil Race actually shared the same interests in this matter. They didn't want the human race to rise up either.
The resources on the Sea God's Continent were limited. When a race rose to prominence, it had to devour the resources of other races. The Yao Night Clan had become the strongest race on the Sea God's Continent, and with Liu Yu's help, they were even stronger than the demons.
However, the Night Demon Clan's reproduction rate was far slower than that of the other clans, so their foundation wasn't as deep as the Devil Race's.
Although they didn't like the Devil Race, they didn't want the human race to rise up either …
So in Bai Huan's position, she was naturally happy for the Devil Race to make a move and kill Luo Zheng! Her Night Demon Clan could only watch from the side.
Hearing Bai Huan's words, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Lord Jing, Xia Shuang, and the other humans' expressions sank. It seemed that their worries were correct. Luo Zheng was truly too dazzling.
Meng Chong revealed a sinister smile. It seemed that today's matter wouldn't be difficult to deal with. They just had to wait for Luo Zheng to leave the Innate Stele and immediately kill him. This matter wasn't troublesome at all …
In fact, Meng Chong was somewhat regretful that he had waited until Luo Zheng reached the tenth floor before making a move. The Devil Race should have made a move long ago. At that time, he had underestimated Luo Zheng's strength. The Night Clan's assassin he had sent was too weak!
Bai Huan suddenly changed the topic and said, "However, the rules of the Tower of Sin were jointly set by our 14 clans. If the Devil Race wants to break the rules, shouldn't you give an appropriate explanation?"
Meng Chong's expression sank again. "Bai Huan, what do you mean by that?"
"Breaking the rules has a price. You Devil Race broke the rules and killed a genius of the human race. At the very least, you should compensate the human race! Otherwise, how will the Devil Race explain to the other clans? "Bai Huan said unhurriedly.
The Night Demon Clan was a clan that paid particular attention to order. The rules were set by the strong, but even the strong couldn't wantonly break the rules. Otherwise, everyone would disregard the rules and be able to do whatever they wanted in the future.
If that happened, the Tower of Sin would once again fall into chaos. Just like when the Tower of Sin was first created, the geniuses of the various clans wouldn't be able to cultivate properly. Once they entered the Tower of Sin, they would have to face all kinds of assassinations … In any case, there were no rules, and every clan could do whatever they wanted!
This wasn't something the Night Demon Clan wanted to see.
Therefore, in Bai Huan's opinion, it wasn't that the Devil Race couldn't break the rules, but they had to pay a corresponding price for breaking the rules. Otherwise, what was the point of having a seat? What was the point of setting the rules?
Meng Chong sneered at Bai Huan's words. "Compensation? That's not impossible. Our Flame Demon Holy Land and Fear Demon Holy Land will give you ten low-grade saint artifacts. As long as Luo Zheng dies, I'll fulfill this promise on behalf of the Devil Race! "
Zhou Zhuohe was instantly enraged. "Ten low-grade saint artifacts? Are you trying to get rid of a beggar?! "
Saint artifacts were precious, but they weren't particularly rare for a Holy Land. The Purple Heart Holy Land had at least twenty low-grade saint artifacts.
Compared to Luo Zheng, not to mention ten saint artifacts, even if it was a hundred saint artifacts, the human race wouldn't compromise. After all, a super genius like him was something that could only be found by chance. In the end, saint artifacts could only display their might in the hands of a powerhouse!
"Ten saint artifacts, that's all. I don't want to negotiate with the human race, do you understand?" Meng Chong sneered.
Zhao Fenqin shook his head. "In the end, you still don't take the rules of the Tower of Sin seriously. Just this bit of compensation is enough to make the human race sacrifice a super genius. As long as you have a brain, you'll understand what's going on!"
While they were arguing, the Moon Guardian suddenly interjected. "Lord Meng Chong, there's no need to argue with them. I have a solution."
Meng Chong indifferently said, "You have a solution? Speak! "
"Since the human race keeps on talking about the rules, then we'll do things within the rules. There's no need to give them ten saint artifacts as compensation. When Luo Zheng walks out of the Talent Stele, I'll directly challenge him and kill him in the arena!" The Moon Guardian said with a face full of confidence.
When the Moon Guardian said this, Meng Chong, Fen Qin, and Zhuohe all revealed expressions of interest.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, however, knew that the human race really didn't have any bargaining chips with the demon race. If Luo Zheng could survive in the arena, it would further solidify the importance of the rules. At the very least, it would help the human race gain the support of the other races.
However, Meng Chong's thoughts were completely different from theirs. In Meng Chong's opinion, the Moon Guardian was the most outstanding genius of the Twin Demon Holy Land. Moreover, the Moon Guardian's cultivation was an entire realm higher than Luo Zheng's. Luo Zheng was only a tenth-order fighter, while the Moon Guardian was a tenth-order fighter. The difference in cultivation between the two wasn't small.
If the Moon Guardian could kill Luo Zheng in the arena, then all their troubles would be easily solved. The demon race wouldn't need to break the rules, nor would they need to give the human race any compensation. They could directly eliminate the hidden danger Luo Zheng, killing two birds with one stone!
Taking a step back, even if the Moon Guardian failed, they could still ignore the rules and kill Luo Zheng. Wasn't that good?
Thinking of this, Meng Chong laughed mischievously. "Good, good, I agree with the Moon Guardian's proposal! But I don't know what you humans think? "
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe didn't have anything else to say. The demon race had agreed to speak in the arena, which was already a concession. Not to mention that Luo Zheng would also have to enter the arena. Although they were full of worries, they still nodded in the end.
Xia Shuang curled her lips and looked at Luo Zheng's two shining words. She faintly sighed. No one was a fool. How could Xia Shuang not see through the demon race's scheme?
Even if Luo Zheng defeated the Moon Guardian, they couldn't expect the demon race to abide by the rules. Between races, there was only hatred of life and death. There was no reason to talk about it …
"Luo Zheng shouldn't have entered the Tower of Sin. He should have entered the Purple Heart Holy Land and slowly grown. At the very least, he should have become strong enough to fight against these War Venerables of the demon race before entering the Tower of Sin … That would have been the perfect plan. Moreover, with Luo Zheng's talent, I'm afraid that he doesn't need the help of the Tower of Sin. As long as he concentrates on cultivation, he will be able to break through in the future!"
At this moment, Xia Shuang's heart was filled with resentment towards Luo Zheng.
Of course, she didn't know that Luo Zheng didn't have that much time to slowly cultivate! He needed to break through as soon as possible and become stronger as soon as possible because his sister was still in the hands of others. With each passing day, Luo Zheng's worry increased!
Therefore, Luo Zheng chose the Tower of Sin to quickly improve his cultivation. For Luo Zheng, this was also a choice that he had no choice but to make!
Moreover, any genius grew up in the midst of life and death experiences. Geniuses who grew up slowly in a greenhouse and did not experience the battering of the wind and rain. They often had a cultivation base, but their strength was terrible to look at!
Since the elders of the various races had agreed on a solution, everyone was silent and quietly waited for Luo Zheng to come out of the Talent Stele.
Although this solution wasn't perfect, it still resolved the dispute.
However, Luo Zheng had been delayed for too long. Unknowingly, four hours had passed. Why did he have to undergo such a long test? What had he encountered in the Talent Stele?
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know that such a big dispute had occurred around him. At this moment, he was facing one Undead Mark after another in the rune.
The masters of these Undead Marks were all abnormally powerful. Although they had suppressed their cultivation base to that of a Tenth Rank fighter, Luo Zheng still found it very difficult to deal with them!
"The ninth one …"
Just a moment ago, Luo Zheng had once again cut another Undead Mark into pieces.
In order to destroy this Undead Mark, Luo Zheng had used almost all of his methods. In the end, he had to rely on the soul of a War Soul to disturb the opponent's mind and barely kill him.
"How many more tests are there?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Ten. You only need to defeat ten Undead Marks to pass the final test," the Tool Spirit's faint voice sounded.
"Ten? Then this is the last one … "Luo Zheng had also noticed that the densely packed runes were starting to disappear one by one, leaving only the rune in front of him.
Without any pause, the rune charged towards Luo Zheng once again.
After a powerful flash of light, a 'person' appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"Who is this?" Luo Zheng revealed an astonished expression when he saw the 'person'.
Although the person before him had a nose and eyes, he gave Luo Zheng a very strange feeling. It was similar to the feeling Luo Zheng had when he first met the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye!
When Luo Zheng first saw the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, he was stunned by Yao Ye's perfection.
No matter if it was the proportion of his legs or appearance, Yao Ye was at a perfect state. Purely from the perspective of beauty, Yao Ye was simply a perfect race. Luo Zheng could only sigh with emotion about how miraculous the Lord of Creation was when he saw the appearance of the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye!
After arriving at the Sea God's Continent, Luo Zheng realized that his knowledge was too limited. The Yao Ye Clan had always been a perfect race. Every single woman in the clan possessed a practically perfect appearance and figure, and even the men were extraordinarily handsome.
However, the Yao Ye Clan wasn't human in the end. Their pointy ears were clearly distinguishable from humans.
Yet now, the person before Luo Zheng seemed to be a genuine human male.
Ears, brows, eyes, body ….
No matter how he looked at it, he was definitely a human.
However, when Luo Zheng noticed this person, he couldn't help but sigh with admiration in his heart. He'd never imagined that such a perfect human would exist in this world!
Luo Zheng couldn't find any flaws in him. This was an absolutely perfect human. It was precisely because he was so perfect that Luo Zheng wasn't sure if he was really a human.
"Is he really a human?" Luo Zheng revealed a hesitant expression.
The Artifact Spirit said indifferently, "It's just as you suspected. He really can't be considered a human."
"Then what race is he?" asked Luo Zheng.
"He's the master of this Tower of Sin. He belongs to the Demi-Immortal Clan!" replied the Artifact Spirit.
"Demi-Immortal Clan? What kind of race is that? Why do they look so similar to humans? " Asked Luo Zheng. After all, compared to the Yao Ye Clan, the man before him had more in common with humans.
"I can't answer that question …." The Artifact Spirit skipped the question.
"Since his Undead Imprint has appeared here, then the master of the Tower of Sin is already dead?" asked Luo Zheng.
"That's right. This is the final test. You only have to defeat him to pass the final test," said the Artifact Spirit.
"I understand!"
There was no longer any doubt on Luo Zheng's face. No matter what the Demi-Immortal Clan was, he had already reached the final step of the final test. Luo Zheng was determined to pass it in one go!
This time, it wasn't Luo Zheng who took the initiative to attack.
After the human discovered Luo Zheng, he actually took the initiative to rush towards Luo Zheng!
"No fluctuation of vital essence or True Essence? He suppressed his cultivation to Tenth-Order Warrior and used his pure physical body to fight against me? " Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a smile suddenly appeared on his face. "In that case, let's see how much power is contained in such a perfect body!"
Luo Zheng put away his long sword and also rushed over with his physical body!
In terms of confidence in his physical body, not to mention the Sea God Continent, even in the Great Thousand Worlds, Luo Zheng had few opponents! After all, the High-Grade Immortal Artifact Body had already established the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body!
"Bang!"
Both of them didn't decline and crashed into each other in the most barbaric manner.
Under the collision, the huge recoil caused both of them to retreat. Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of surprise!
Luo Zheng didn't use the power of the dragon scales in the collision just now. Even so, not to mention a Tenth-Order Warrior, even a Tenth-Order Warrior would be crushed by Luo Zheng's collision! Even a warrior who had just entered the War Venerable Realm would be seriously injured by this collision!
However, the other party only retreated a short distance! It was even less than the distance Luo Zheng retreated!
"Sure enough, what a strong physical body. It's not any weaker than my Immortal Artifact Body!"
A puzzled look appeared on that person's face. Although he was only an undead imprint, he had still inherited the emotions of his former master. Perhaps in his opinion, it was also inconceivable that Luo Zheng's physical body was so strong.
"Again!" Luo Zheng laughed, and the power of the dragon scales in his body quickly circulated. This time, Luo Zheng opened a hundred dragon scales!
"Bang!"
There was another violent collision. This time, Luo Zheng was pushed back about ten zhang, but that person was pushed back about fifteen zhang!
"Again!"
"Bang!"
As Luo Zheng opened the power of the dragon scales bit by bit, his strength increased again and again. The distance Luo Zheng retreated also became shorter and shorter. On the contrary, the distance that person retreated also became longer and longer! Gradually, a trace of blood began to flow from the corner of his mouth.
"Golden blood?" After seeing the blood, Luo Zheng finally believed that this person was definitely not human. Otherwise, how could he have golden blood?
That person stretched out his hand to wipe the golden blood from the corner of his mouth and looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. It seemed that he finally understood that he was no match for Luo Zheng in terms of pure physical strength. After a few more collisions, his physical body would probably collapse.
That person took a stance and stretched out one hand to form a fist.
Then, a faint light began to appear around his fist, forming a vortex!
"That's astral essence. Although this person is from the Demi-Immortal race, he still chose the principle of body transformation." Luo Zheng could feel that this light came from the energy of astral essence. "Since that's the case, then I will also compete with you using a body transformation technique!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's goal was no longer to win. What he hoped for was to make a breakthrough in this adventure and gain more insights!
"Stellar Battle Body!"
After Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he had yet to use it in actual combat. He also wanted to see just how powerful this transcendent divine might was.