As a transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng comprehended the general principles and drew upon the power of the stars to pour into his body.
And in the first half of the 'Stellar Combat Body', there were a total of eight moves. According to Crimson Dragon, these eight moves corresponded to eight dao platforms.
Every time Luo Zheng constructed a dao platform, he would be able to use one move.
Now, Luo Zheng had only opened a single dao platform. As for the Hundred Meeting Platform, it corresponded to the first move of the 'Stellar Combat Body', Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth!
If someone were to look up into the starry skies, they would see that in the distant skies, there was a star that suddenly bloomed with a fierce starlight. From afar, this starlight was the size of a speck of dust, but now it was like a pigeon's egg, its light magnified by over a hundred times.
This was the ability of the 'Stellar Combat Body', to draw upon the power of the stars for one's own use!
Luo Zheng's body was instantly covered in a faint layer of starlight.
Because Luo Zheng had only communicated with a single star, the starlight around his body was relatively dim. But in the future, once Luo Zheng communicated with more stars, the starlight around his body would gradually become thicker, and he would even look like a shining star!
The power of the stars condensed from the 'Stellar Combat Body' was fundamentally different from that of the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map'. After all, although the visualization method of the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map' was real, it still relied on visualizing stars. But, the 'Stellar Combat Body' was the true power of the stars!
Of course, one couldn't casually distinguish between the two. Although the 'Stellar Combat Body' was known as a transcendent divine might and the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map' was an inheritance from Immortal Mansion, the 'Stellar Combat Body' was a transcendent body transformation technique, and the 'Sun-Moon-Star Map' was the pinnacle of the true essence system. Thus, when these two paths came to an end, Luo Zheng wasn't able to distinguish between the good and the bad. There was still a considerable amount of room for improvement.
But at this stage, at least on the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng still planned to focus on body transformation. Thus, he needed to test out the power of the 'Stellar Combat Body'.
When the starlight condensed around Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly rushed towards the opponent.
The realm of the original owner of the Sin Tower was not something that the current Luo Zheng could imagine. It was just like the strength of the True Dragon Clan's Dragon Abyss Palace Master, which was many levels higher than Luo Zheng's. It was impossible for him to guess their cultivation.
But no matter what kind of strength this person in front of him had, as long as he suppressed his cultivation to that of a tenth-order fighter, Luo Zheng was confident that he could defeat him!
The man's fist flickered with a faint fist aura. His Vital Spirit was like a vortex, constantly condensing. If they were not in the Void, Luo Zheng suspected that he could suck in everything in the world.
As the vortex absorbed astral essence and transformed it into fist light, the man faintly looked at Luo Zheng, a surprised look on his face. "No wonder you were able to reach this step in the final test. A mere human warrior actually has a transcendent divine might … moreover, it seems to be the transcendent divine might of Empyrean Stellar Star …"
Luo Zheng had been gathering his strength for a long time. He was prepared to use the move of the 'Stellar Combat Body', but as he heard this man's words, Luo Zheng stopped. "Empyrean Stellar Star's transcendent divine might? Who is that? "
The 'Stellar Combat Body' was not created by the Crimson Dragon. The Crimson Dragon had also mentioned it before, thus the Crimson Dragon only possessed the first half of it. He had also warned Luo Zheng that the 'Stellar Combat Body' was in fact incomplete. What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that the master of the Sin Tower would actually recognize this cultivation method of Luo Zheng's.
The man faintly smiled. "To possess a transcendent divine might at the warrior realm, your luck is quite good. As for your question, I'll leave it to you to slowly explore it. If you want to pass the final test, you must first receive my fist."
After saying that, the man gently retracted his fist, and the meridians on his fist bulged out one by one. The meridians of ordinary humans were green in color, but this man's meridians were golden in color.
"Empyrean Swallow!"
The astral essence that this man had been gathering for a long time suddenly erupted. Although his cultivation was suppressed to a tenth rank warrior, the power that erupted from him still left Luo Zheng shaken to the core!
The reason that Luo Zheng had stopped his attack was because he wanted to ask about the origin of the 'Stellar Combat Body'. But, it seemed that this man didn't plan on speaking about it. At this time, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. For this move, Luo Zheng would go all out.
"Sinking Stars Shaking the Earth!"
If there was a third person present, they would definitely be dumbfounded as they saw this attack.
Both of their cultivations were at the tenth rank, but the power that they erupted with far surpassed that of a general. Even a normal war lord wouldn't be able to display the explosive power of astral essence to such a degree!
Luo Zheng's astral essence constantly erupted from his body, fusing with the power of the stars and pouring into his fist. His fist flashed with a dazzling starlight, as if Luo Zheng were holding a small star in his hand and smashing it towards his opponent.
But his opponent's fist couldn't be underestimated either. Fierce astral essence erupted, forming a massive vortex. In the center of this vortex, there was a turbulent fist light.
"Shua …"
The two powerful forces blended together, and the light that blossomed was almost enough to blind people's eyes.
At this time, it was no longer a contest of fists, but a pure contest of astral essence, a contest of strength.
Luo Zheng couldn't clearly see what was happening in front of him, but he knew that what he needed to do now was to constantly move forwards and tear apart this undead mark in front of him!
The power of the stars far surpassed Luo Zheng's imagination.
Facing the fist of the original master of the Sin Tower, even if Luo Zheng were to use the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel and erupt with all of its infernal energy, he still wouldn't be able to break through this vortex!
Luo Zheng wasn't sure whether or not his opponent had used a transcendent divine might, but even if it wasn't, it wouldn't be too far off. The strength of this vortex wasn't something that the Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel could resist.
Even so, beneath the suppression of the power of the stars, Luo Zheng's fist was unstoppable. Although the power of the stars was dim, it continued to grow and multiply, constantly being annihilated. Finally, Luo Zheng broke through the vortex and smashed his fist into his opponent's body.
This person was only an undead mark. His body was only formed from the memories of the undead mark; it wasn't his true body.
Thus, when Lin Ming's fist smashed down, his body was immediately torn to pieces. All that was left was a head that floated in the air. It faintly stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Good talent and strength. You can obtain the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan."
"What are the benefits of obtaining the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan?" Luo Zheng asked.
The person faintly smiled. "In truth, there aren't any benefits. This is your life."
"My life? What life? "Luo Zheng frowned.
The head slowly dissipated and its voice became fainter and fainter. But, Luo Zheng was still able to clearly hear its final words. "Once you reach that step, you will naturally understand your own life. At that time, don't cry …"
These final words left Luo Zheng a bit confused. This person's words seemed to have some hidden meaning. Luo Zheng was also confused. At that time, don't cry? What did that mean?
Unfortunately, no one was able to answer Luo Zheng's question. The undead mark completely vanished and Luo Zheng stood in the endless void once more.
The artifact spirit's voice sounded out once more. "Young man, you have passed the final test."
"What's the reward?" After testing for a long time, Luo Zheng was still somewhat confused. These experts all had this kind of problem. The master of the Evil Tower was like this, and Immortal Heavenly Mist was also like this. They would only speak half of the words and deliberately hide the most important things. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng wanted to curse in his heart.
"After passing the final test, you will obtain the highest authority in the Evil Tower. You will be able to freely travel through the Evil Tower. You will also be able to control everything in the Evil Tower," the artifact spirit said indifferently. "As for me, I will serve you."
"What!?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. "Doesn't this mean that the Evil Tower is mine?"
"No, the Evil Tower is not something that you can refine. Only the Demi-Immortal Clan has the qualifications to refine the Evil Tower. You have only obtained the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan. Moreover, with your strength, it is impossible for you to refine the tower. Therefore, you can only control the tower to a limited extent with my help," the artifact spirit said.
"What do you mean? For example? "Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"For example, you will be able to freely travel through the walls and floors of the Evil Tower. They will not obstruct you in any way. For example, you can kick any living creature out of the Evil Tower," the artifact spirit said.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched and his heart began to pound.