Luo Zheng didn't know much about the history of the Sea God Continent. He only knew about it from Fei 'er of the Yao Ye Clan.
However, the Tower of Sin was an extremely important training ground for the various races of the Sea God Continent. It was a matter of life and death for many races!
This was also why the Twin Demon Holy Lands had been attacked by the other Holy Lands when they wanted to monopolize the Tower of Sin!
Because occupying the Tower of Sin was equivalent to cutting off the other races' escape route, the other races could only choose to fight to the death.
Apart from cultivating in the Tower of Sin, the Mysterious Underworld Cave below the tower was also very important.
Therefore, the Tower of Sin was an indispensable part of the path that the Holy Lands planned for their geniuses! From this point of view, the Sea God Continent was completely different from the Central Domain …
In order to balance each other out, the Holy Lands selected seats from the various races to jointly control the Tower of Sin, making it a public cultivation Holy Land.
But now, Luo Zheng had the power to decide the life and death of the Tower of Sin. He could kick out whoever he wanted out of the Tower of Sin.
In that case, the so-called seat holders at the top of the tower were nothing more than a joke in front of Luo Zheng!
How could Luo Zheng not be happy?
"Since I've passed the final test, it's time to go out," Luo Zheng said.
"Sure. As the Artifact Spirit, I am omnipresent in the Tower of Sin. If you want to exercise your authority, just call me," the Artifact Spirit said in a calm voice.
Luo Zheng nodded, then walked towards the entrance.
Outside the Talent Stele, everyone's eyes were still fixed on the wall.
As time passed, everyone became more and more confused. Luo Zheng had taken the test many times longer than the average person.
Even Yun Luo, who had climbed to the first row like Luo Zheng, had only taken one-tenth of Luo Zheng's time.
"Why hasn't Luo Zheng come out yet?"
"Maybe we don't need to do anything. Luo Zheng couldn't have died in there, right?"
"This kind of thing has never happened before. The test of the Talent Stele is usually not dangerous, because the Talent Stele only tests the limits of one's talent!"
Many discussions reached Xia Shuang's ears, which made her a little upset. The Human Race was already facing a considerable amount of pressure at this moment. If Luo Zheng really died in there, then it would really be like flowers in a mirror and the moon in the water!
Just as all kinds of speculations were popping up, the wall suddenly shook.
"He's out?" Xia Shuang's thin eyebrows suddenly raised, her eyes filled with anticipation.
Lord Jing, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others were also paying close attention to the wall.
Aside from the human race, the Devil Race, the Yao Night Clan, and the other races all stared at the wall nervously.
Under everyone's gaze, the two words "Luo Zheng" that were originally on the first row suddenly disappeared.
"Disappeared? How could it have disappeared? "
"What the hell? Could it be that his name disappeared because of his death? "
"Bullshit! There was once a genius on the list, but after coming out, he was killed in the arena. That person's name didn't disappear either! "
"Then how do you explain why Luo Zheng's name disappeared?"
"You're asking me, but who should I ask?"
Everyone began to argue about the disappearance of Luo Zheng's name.
It was impossible for a name on the list to disappear. It would only be pushed down by the increasing number of names in front of it.
Just how few names were on the first row? Before yesterday, there were only five names, and none of them were from the Sea God Continent.
Today, there were two more names!
Even geniuses born in ten thousand years, a hundred thousand years, or even a million years wouldn't be able to push down the names on the first row. It was simply impossible for so many geniuses to make it to the first row!
Xia Shuang clenched her fists tightly, the worry on her face growing more and more intense. However, she was praying in her heart. Luo Zheng … will definitely be fine.
As the wall shook more and more violently, a speck of golden light suddenly appeared on the first row of the wall!
One crack after another formed, and then the speck of golden light filled the wall.
Then, everyone saw the word "Heaven Rank" appear on the crack. The word "Heaven Rank" instantly blossomed with ten thousand rays of dazzling golden light!
"What is this? Heaven Rank? What does it mean? "
"I don't know, this light is really dazzling …"
Just as everyone was discussing, more cracks appeared behind the Heaven-rank. In the end, the cracks formed the two words "Luo Zheng". Then, Luo Zheng's name also bloomed with endless golden light.
"Heaven Rank, Luo Zheng!"
"Isn't this too outrageous? Luo Zheng's name actually jumped to the top of the list! "
"Is there a need to be so exaggerated? That word is ten times bigger than the words below it …"
"I can only say that this Luo Zheng is too monstrous, too arrogant!"
Seeing this scene, everyone was completely stunned.
"Heaven Rank, Heaven Rank …" Meng Chong's face was full of shock, his mouth constantly muttering.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe looked at each other, their eyes also filled with disbelief. "Fen Qin, isn't there a Book of Heaven Rank at the top of the tower?"
"Yes, according to the records of the Book of Heaven Rank, this Tower of Sin seems to belong to a race called Heaven Rank, but the records in the Book of Heaven Rank are vague …" Zhou Zhuohe shook his head and said, "I don't know what this kid encountered in the Innate Stele!"
"Hehe, no matter what he encountered, to be able to engrave his name on the top of so many geniuses … this," Zhao Fenqin sighed and said, "I don't know what to say."
When Xia Shuang saw the two huge words "Luo Zheng", her expression was incomparably excited. Her proud and upright breasts constantly shook, and her eyes were filled with tears. From the perspective of the human race, at this moment, every human would feel incomparably proud!
It wasn't just Xia Shuang who was excited, even Xing Hui who was extremely jealous of Luo Zheng was the same!
The human race had been bullied and humiliated in the Tower of Sin, and most of the time, they had to tuck their tails between their legs and behave themselves. But at this moment, they were proud of Luo Zheng, proud of being a member of the human race!
"The geniuses of our human race are something that you other races can't compare to!" Many humans wanted to roar these words out loud on the spot.
The dazzling golden light on the wall was reflected in the eyes of the Night Demon Clan's members. Their eyes were filled with complicated emotions. The Night Demon Clan wasn't a bloodthirsty clan. Apart from being powerful, they were also arrogant and reserved!
Even though she wasn't from the Demon Night Clan, Bai Huan was still very happy to see a genius rise to prominence. She really wanted to see how far this human youth, whom she had never met before, could go.
However, the human race's reproductive ability was far greater than the Demon Night Clan's. Once the human race prospered, with their enormous numbers, the probability of them giving birth to geniuses would be far greater than the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Race.
From this perspective, she also hoped that the Demon Race would kill Luo Zheng. After all, the rise of the human race wasn't a good thing for the Demon Race, the Demon Race, or even the other races!
"Let nature take its course …" Bai Huan thought indifferently. A person with such talent would also be a person of great fortune. It wouldn't be easy for the Demon Race to kill Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was currently facing a hopeless situation. How was he going to resolve it?
If Xia Shuang could think of something, Bai Huan definitely couldn't.
Even if Luo Zheng defeated the genius of the Demon Race called Yue Shou, the Demon Race probably didn't intend to follow the rules. With Meng Chong's strength as a Tenth Level War Venerable, Luo Zheng definitely wouldn't have a chance to escape.
Even if Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe could protect Luo Zheng, there was more than one Seat Controller in the Demon Race …
Once a conflict broke out between the Seat Controllers, the four Seat Controllers of the Human Race against the twenty Seat Controllers of the Demon Race would be like throwing an egg at a rock.
No matter how great Luo Zheng's fortune was, this was still a hopeless situation. He … had no chance of breaking out of this situation. Bai Huan had already come to a conclusion.
Just as everyone was staring at Luo Zheng's huge name in a daze, the door finally opened.
When Luo Zheng entered, there were already many people outside. However, when the door opened, Luo Zheng was immediately startled by the sight of a black mass of creatures from various races. There were even some abnormally powerful existences among them.
"Why are there so many …" Luo Zheng glanced around before his gaze finally landed on Xia Shuang. Then, he walked towards her.
"You finally came out." Xia Shuang's sweet voice trembled slightly. Her eyes were even slightly red.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng looked at Xia Shuang's expression and asked strangely.
Xia Shuang smiled and pointed at the wall behind Luo Zheng. "Look for yourself!"
Luo Zheng turned around and saw the huge words on the wall. He was immediately stunned. Now, Luo Zheng understood that the name on the wall was actually made by the Tool Spirit. However, was there a need to enlarge his name so many times and engrave it on the wall? Wasn't this too arrogant?
Luo Zheng was also speechless. If he had known this would happen, he would have definitely stopped the Tool Spirit from doing so …
＝＝＝＝＝