A tall tree attracts the wind, and the tallest tree in the forest will be destroyed by the wind.
Xia Shuang understood this principle, and so did Luo Zheng.
Before entering the Talent Stele, Luo Zheng had no idea about his own talent, but even if his talent was good, adding the word "Heaven Rank" in front of his name, what was the meaning of this?
Was this the so-called recognition of the Heaven Rank Clan?
Right at this time, a majestic aura suppressed towards Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng turned his head to look, it was a Fiend Race war reverent.
"Tenth Order War Senior?" Luo Zheng's face showed a dignified expression.
"That's the seat controller of the Demon Race," Xia Shuang whispered in Luo Zheng's ear.
"Boy, you're not bad, engraving your name so big," Meng Chong's rough voice rang out, causing everyone's ears to buzz.
Hearing Meng Chong's words, Xia Shuang's heart tightened, and then began to beat rapidly. If Meng Chong killed Luo Zheng at this moment, the Human Race would have no way to stop him.
"So what?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and asked back, as if he was not afraid of Meng Chong at all.
Many living beings looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. They were all wondering where this brat's confidence came from. Didn't he know his death was coming?
With such a genius, it was unreasonable for the Demon Race to not kill him. The creatures of many races probably had the same idea.
However, the trouble in front of them was a conflict between the Demon Race and the Human Race, and had nothing to do with the other races. Everyone was happy to sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight.
Meng Chong grinned, "You don't seem to understand your situation …" After saying this, he walked towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, two figures, one black and one white, appeared on Luo Zheng's left and right like ghosts. These two were Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe. In order to prevent Meng Chong from suddenly attacking, they were on full alert.
"Huff huff …"
Purple-black Astral Essence was constantly circulating in Meng Chong's hand. He did not seem to put Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe in his eyes. Meng Chong sneered, "You two, have you thought about the price of attacking?"
Under the two's joint attack, Meng Chong was definitely not their opponent.
But what would happen next?
The Human Race's War Seniors would be cleansed by the Demon Race!
The most likely thing was that all Warriors, Generals, and War Seniors, would be eliminated from the Tower of Sin.
Moreover, if the Human Race, the Human Race would not have a foothold in the Demon Race, then the Human Race would would no longer have a foothold.........
This was the sorrow of the weak. Without strength, they could only forcefully endure. Otherwise, what awaited them would be a bloody death.
........... com...........................................
Luo Zheng was important and had to be protected, but the entire human race was even more important!
. Although Luo Zheng did not know where the black and white came from, he could make a rough guess.
The Purple Heart Holy Land seemed to want to protect him to the death, while the Demon Race seemed to want to kill him. It seemed … even the rules of the safe zone did not apply. He was truly the tallest tree in the forest. Luo Zheng sneered in his heart, but he did not speak. He wanted to see if there was any leeway to turn the situation around.
Just as the two sides were confronting each other, the Moon Guardian suddenly took a step forward and said, "Luo Zheng, I challenge you!"
Luo Zheng smiled, "Sure!"
He did not hesitate to agree to the Moon Guardian's challenge.
Meng Chong looked at the Moon Guardian. He did not want to make a move now. Just as the Moon Guardian said, if he could kill Luo Zheng in the arena, then there would be no more trouble. The other races would have no right to criticize the Demon Race.
Even if the Moon Guardian failed, it would not be too late for Meng Chong to make a move.
He just wanted to give this brat some pressure. But Meng Chong never expected that this brat did not seem to be afraid of him at all.
So when he saw Luo Zheng's calm face, Meng Chong had the impulse to rush up and tear this brat to shreds.
Since Luo Zheng agreed to the Moon Guardian's challenge, the confrontation between the two races came to an end. Luo Zheng took the lead and walked out, followed by Xia Shuang. Their goal was naturally the arena.
After the humans walked to the arena, the Moon Guardian also walked out, leading the Demon Race to the arena...
. The many creatures that had gathered in front of the Talent Stele also followed behind in a hustle and bustle.
After a while, the seats in the spectator stands around the arena were packed!
The Tower of Sin was also a pyramid world. The number of warriors on the first five floors was several times more than the number of warriors on the sixth floor. From the sixth floor onwards, the number of warriors began to decrease rapidly. On the tenth floor, it was almost the world of tenth-level warriors. The geniuses of the various races gathered there!
Therefore, the tenth floor was a very important floor.
The vast majority of warriors would choose to cultivate in secret rooms. In order to break through to the higher floors of the Tower of Sin and become a War Exalt, these warriors worked harder than any other level.
But at this time, many warriors walked out of their secret rooms. Their goal was to watch the battle between the Moon Guardian and Luo Zheng!
On the spectator stands, there was a young girl from the Demon Night Clan wearing green clothes. Her long hair fluttered in the wind, and her eyes were sharp. This young girl from the Demon Night Clan was the Demon Night Clan's god-level genius, Mu Qing Yang!
On the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, Mu Qing Yang and the Moon Guardian stood side by side. The two of them were considered the two most powerful geniuses of the younger generation on the Sea God Continent.
Mu Qing Yang was also in seclusion in a secret cultivation room. Moreover, the secret cultivation room she chose was filled with the Laws of Time. The flow of time was ten to one. Ten days in the secret cultivation room was only one day in the outside world.
Mu Qing Yang had fought with the Moon Guardian twice, and both times ended in a draw. But in reality, Mu Qing Yang had suffered a loss.
This was because according to the rules of the arena, if the two sides fought to a draw, they would exchange Light of Creation. During these two battles, Mu Qing Yang had stored far more Light of Creation than the Moon Guardian. This was why Mu Qing Yang was still brooding over this matter.
As a member of the Demon Night Clan, Mu Qing Yang naturally had her own pride. This time, she wanted to leave the Moon Guardian far behind. Therefore, she didn't hesitate to use her points to rent a secret cultivation room that could change the flow of time.
While she was cultivating, she was called out from her secret cultivation room. Mu Qing Yang was originally very angry, but after learning that such a big name had appeared on the Talent Stele and that the owner of this name wanted to challenge the Moon Guardian, how could Mu Qing Yang miss this opportunity?
At this moment, Mu Qing Yang was very envious of the Moon Guardian because she also wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
How strong was a guy who could achieve the title of "Heaven Rank" and fight his way up from the lower levels as a tenth-rank fighter?
Meng Chong crossed his arms and coldly watched the arena. Although Luo Zheng's talent had been proven on the Talent Stele, talent wasn't everything to a fighter. After all, the Moon Guardian's cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's. In Meng Chong's opinion, Luo Zheng was very likely to be killed by the Moon Guardian in this battle.
"Even if the Moon Guardian fails …" Meng Chong couldn't help but lick his lips, "I will personally end your life!"
The Demon Race had suffered a great loss because of Liu Yu. Now, Liu Yu alone was enough to threaten the existence of the Twin Demon Holy Land. This was unbearable for the Demon Race. They would never allow another "Liu Yu" to appear. Moreover, this guy's talent was even stronger than Liu Yu's!
Therefore, in Meng Chong's eyes, Luo Zheng was already a dead man. The only difference was whether he would die in the hands of the Moon Guardian or by his own hands.
"Do your best, Luo Zheng!"
An unknown human battle general in the audience suddenly shouted.
As soon as this voice rang out, the other humans also began to shout!
There were several hundred human battle generals in the tenth floor. Today, almost all of them were present. Their shouts had a different kind of momentum!
Luo Zheng nodded towards his fellow humans in the audience.
The Moon Guardian sneered, "After waiting for so long, you finally stand in front of me. However, your clansmen don't seem to think highly of you?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "Why do you say that?"
"If they think highly of you, they don't need to cheer you on. Just like my clansmen, they believe in my strength. In their eyes, I don't need to cheer you on to easily defeat you," the Moon Guardian said.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a noncommittal expression, "It's useless to say more. In my eyes, the Demon Race is filled with reckless people. You are an exception, so there's no need to use these tricks to provoke me."
"That's true. Actually, I want you to go all out … …" The Moon Guardian revealed a sly smile.
From the perspective of the Demon Race, the Moon Guardian only needed to kill Luo Zheng. The so-called competition was not important at all.
However, the Moon Guardian had his own selfish motives. He wanted to go all out against Luo Zheng, so he wanted to provoke Luo Zheng. However, the Moon Guardian didn't expect that Luo Zheng wouldn't fall for this trick.
"It's useless to say more." Luo Zheng suddenly pulled out the holy longsword in his hand.
The Moon Guardian nodded and also pulled out his weapon.
The Demon Race was tall and sturdy, and the weapons they used were known for being rough. The Moon Guardian's weapon was no exception. It was a huge Zhanmadao. The blade was suffused with a faint red light. This Zhanmadao was also a holy weapon!
When the Moon Guardian held the Zhanmadao, the red light on the blade disappeared. At the same time, a faint red light burst out from the Moon Guardian's eyes.
"This Zhanmadao is a low-grade holy weapon called Blood Devour. The warrior who holds this Zhanmadao won't feel any pain until I die in battle! Not only that, but it will also give me endless strength and courage! "The Moon Guardian's originally calm expression gradually changed, and it was replaced by a crazed expression!
Holy weapons each had their own effects.
Luo Zheng turned the longsword in his hand, but he was somewhat depressed. Although the longsword in his hand was a holy weapon, it didn't have any effect. It was like a white board, and only had the toughness and strength of a holy weapon. However, as the standard weapon of the Dragon Pool Palace, Luo Zheng couldn't ask for too much … …
"It's very shameful for me to have a tenth-grade warrior as my opponent. However, Luo Zheng, since you have obtained the title of 'Sky Rank', I can't treat you as a warrior! Let me see your true strength! "
The Moon Guardian raised the Zhanmadao, and his figure suddenly leaped up. Surging Vital Essence suddenly burst out, and the Zhanmadao in his hands danced with a huge blade light, chopping down at Luo Zheng's head!
The strong blade intent came directly at him. Seeing this, Luo Zheng's figure moved slightly to the side, and his figure casually moved a step, so the blade naturally hit nothing.
"Boom!"
The broad blade of the Zhanmadao was directly embedded in the arena. Then, the Moon Guardian dragged the Zhanmadao horizontally, drawing a semicircular arc on the ground, and chopped horizontally at Luo Zheng again!
The Moon Guardian's body was much shorter than the average demon, but it was this short body that actually burst out with such power!
Luo Zheng's figure floated again, and he still dodged the blade.
Two huge cracks appeared on the ground of the arena, like the mouth of a devil. They were desperately twisting, constantly healing themselves.
Luo Zheng now understood why the Tower of Sin could heal itself. It was because of the existence of the Artifact Spirit.
The Artifact Spirit was actually the actual controller of the Tower of Sin. However, the original owner of the Tower of Sin had died. Without the owner's control, the Artifact Spirit had been protecting the Tower of Sin. As for who was training in the Tower of Sin, the Artifact Spirit didn't care …
"You only know how to dodge? Then let's see how you dodge this time! "
The Moon Guardian suddenly waved the Zhanmadao in his hand. The huge Zhanmadao spun rapidly in the Moon Guardian's hand, like a windmill!
After the Moon Guardian's rotation reached a certain speed, Luo Zheng could no longer see the Zhanmadao in front of him clearly. He could only see a circular wheel!
"Wheel of Destruction!"
The Moon Guardian stared at the huge wheel and chopped down at Luo Zheng. The Zhanmadao's rotation speed had reached the extreme, completely blocking Luo Zheng's retreat. This time, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge.
"Now!" Luo Zheng held his long sword horizontally and took a step back. The vital essence in his body suddenly erupted!
"Formless!
Luo Zheng's sword was crooked, like a child who couldn't hold the sword in his hand. It stabbed forward aimlessly.
"What is Luo Zheng trying to do? Is he playing with the Moon Guardian? "
"He has to pay the price for playing with his opponent in this situation!"
"This sword is very strange!"
Many creatures had strange expressions on their faces. They couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng suddenly used such a crooked sword technique. What was he trying to do?
The Moon Guardian's Killing Wheels were incomparably tyrannical. Any martial artist that was caught in them would basically be torn to shreds. After activating the Killing Wheels, the Moon Guardian was like a living meat grinder. In the tenth level, there were already many lives that had their flesh and blood torn apart. Even collecting their corpses wasn't enough!
In the eyes of the warlords, Luo Zheng's sword was hilarious and completely out of tune.
However, at this moment, Mu Qingyang suddenly stood up and stared at Luo Zheng's sword with her beautiful eyes!
Mu Qingyang was also a swordsman. Her sword technique was passed down from the Holy Land of the Night Demon Clan. Her sword technique was naturally exquisite. However, when she saw Luo Zheng's crooked sword technique, she was shocked.
"This sword technique looks strange, but I can't seem to … break it!"
Although Mu Qingyang didn't want to admit it, she came to this conclusion in her heart!
At this moment, not only Mu Qingyang, but also Meng Chong, Bai Huan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others frowned.
Putting aside their racial prejudice, Luo Zheng's crooked sword seemed to contain endless mysteries. Although they could use their own strength to avoid Luo Zheng's sword and then use other methods to defeat him, Luo Zheng's sword seemed to contain endless mysteries.
However, if they faced this sword technique head-on, they couldn't break it either!
"Where did this kid learn this strange sword technique?" Zhao Fenqin curled his lips and shook his head.
Bai Huan pursed her lips and smiled. She said softly, "Looks like it's getting more and more interesting …"
Clang!
Luo Zheng's sword seemed light, but when it stabbed out, it happened to block Moon Guard's Zhanmadao. Then, a huge force suddenly erupted from Luo Zheng's body and was transmitted through the long sword!
With this sword, Moon Guard's Zhanmadao, which was like a spinning wheel, was stopped abruptly!
Luo Zheng looked at Moon Guard with a faint smile on his face. His long sword was like a magnet that was firmly attached to Moon Guard's Zhanmadao.
Moon Guardian wanted to retract his Zhanmadao, but the power coming from Luo Zheng's slender sword was like a mountain!
Strength had always been the pride of the Demon Clan!
Even the Night Demon Clan relied on their dexterity to defeat the Demon Clan. However, at this moment, Moon Guard, a Demon Clan member, was actually suppressed by Luo Zheng in terms of strength!
This was simply a great humiliation!
Moon Guard's face was scarlet. Vital Essence suddenly erupted from his body. He forcefully pulled his Zhanmadao back with great difficulty. Then, he swung his Zhanmadao in a huge arc and chopped at Luo Zheng's head!
Facing Moon Guard's attack, Luo Zheng's face was still full of smiles. His sword was still crooked.
Luo Zheng's Formless Sword Technique didn't have any moves at all. Because there were no moves, his sword moves were erratic and had no flaws. He could use them freely!
Clang!
Luo Zheng's sword once again blocked Moon Guard's Zhanmadao!
"Again!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Moon Guard's face flashed with a trace of depression.
Among the Generals, Moon Guard only had one opponent, and that was Mu Qingyang of the Night Demon Clan. Moon Guard was confident that he could even kill some low-level War Venerables. However, today … he felt like he was being toyed with! His opponent wasn't even a General, but a Human Clan warrior!
This was a huge blow to the Moon Guardian!
"There's only one word for anyone who dares to play with me — death!" Moon Guard's eyes suddenly burst with an intense red light!
The sacred weapon in his hand was called Blood Devourer. It had a special martial skill that allowed it to devour the Blood Qi of the wielder and then give back a powerful strength!
The Demon Clan's Blood Qi was much stronger than that of ordinary creatures. However, the loss of Blood Qi would have a negative impact on a warrior. Therefore, even Moon Guard rarely used his Blood Qi to nourish his Zhanmadao.
However, at this moment, Moon Guard knew that he had no choice but to retreat.
This human brat in front of him had to die. Whether it was from his point of view or from the point of view of the entire Demon Clan!
After the surging Qi in his body entered the Zhanmadao in his hand, the aura that erupted from his body suddenly burst out. It was more than ten times stronger than before!