The current Moon Guardian gave off the feeling of an ancient desolate beast from the ancient times!
Warriors who could enter the tenth floor of the Sin Tower were at least rank 10 warlords. However, many warlords felt their hearts beating rapidly under this aura.
"Moon Guardian is really strong! Even the warlords on the eleventh floor don't have this kind of aura. "
"Nonsense, Moon Guardian is known as an invincible existence among warlords. How can he be weak?"
"In my opinion, Luo Zheng is the most monstrous. Although he's only a rank 10 warrior, he can actually suppress Moon Guardian. If a new warlord isn't Moon Guardian's match, doesn't that mean that Luo Zheng defeated a small portion of the warlords with his warlord cultivation base?"
After the Moon Guardian's aura was released, the Vital Essence in his body also erupted. His legs stomped on the ground, and two deep footprints appeared on the ground!
"So fast!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. The longsword in his hand floated lightly, and he instinctively blocked in front of him.
Luo Zheng's sacred longsword was only three fingers thick, while Moon Guardian's Zhanmadao was incomparably huge!
Seeing Luo Zheng trying to block his Zhanmadao with a sword, Moon Guardian's face revealed a ruthless expression. As he rushed toward Luo Zheng, Moon Guardian raised his Zhanmadao and slashed down at Luo Zheng's head with the force of thunder!
"Thunderbolt Slash!"
Even if Luo Zheng was carrying a mountain, Moon Guardian would be able to slash it into pieces with one slash, let alone Luo Zheng who was only holding a longsword!
Surging astral essence gushed out from Yue Shou's body. Countless bolts of red lightning appeared on the back of the saber. This was the saber intent that Yue Shou had comprehended. Moreover, this saber intent contained a special power of thunder and lightning!
That saber intent had many similarities with Hua Tianming's Extreme Thunder Sword Intent.
"Luo Zheng actually didn't dodge?"
"He actually chose to take this slash head-on?"
"In a situation where strength meets strength, the sword doesn't have the advantage. Furthermore, Moon Guardian's Zhanmadao is huge. How terrifying would this slash be?"
All sorts of thoughts flashed through everyone's minds, and their faces were filled with confusion!
"You're too confident!" Xia Shuang could not help but exclaim.
Luo Zheng clearly had other means to counter Moon Guardian's attack, but he chose to confront Moon Guardian head-on. Other than being extremely confident, there was no other reasonable explanation.
"Dragon scale power, activate!"
The dragon scales in Luo Zheng's mind lit up one by one, blossoming with a glossy green radiance. An extremely confident smile appeared on his face.
Luo Zheng indeed had many ways to break Yue Shou's attack.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng also understood that he and the Devil Race had already reached a point of no return. Those War Venerables of the Devil Race below would definitely not let him go!
Since the innate talent test had already set off a wave in the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng intended to make this wave even more violent. He wanted it to evolve into a stormy sea and crush the Demon Race's arrogance!
And the prelude to crushing him was this sword!
Clang!
Luo Zheng's sword finally clashed with Yue Shou's attack.
In everyone's eyes, Yue Shou's attack was already extremely powerful. It could be said that Yue Shou had unleashed all of his potential! It was also Yue Shou's most powerful attack!
Even the War Venerables from the upper levels did not dare to take this attack head-on!
And Luo Zheng's defensive sword seemed to be as light as a feather, without any power. Luo Zheng was like a block of wood, standing in place. He did not dissipate the force, nor did he use any skill. He just lightly blocked the attack in front of himself!
But this light sword was like an iron chain crossing the river, blocking in front of Luo Zheng and forcibly blocking Yue Shou's attack!
Therefore, the current scene in the arena was extremely strange.
Generally speaking, the attacker would have a huge advantage in terms of strength due to their charge. For example, if a person stood in place, it would be equivalent to blocking the opponent's charge. Unless that person's strength was much greater than the opponent's, they would not be able to block the opponent's charge!
But Luo Zheng was from the human race, and Yue Shou was from the demon race! In terms of talent, the demon race was much stronger than the human race. Not to mention, Yue Shou, who focused on refining his body, was much smaller than the average demon race member. But the explosive power hidden in his body was terrifying as long as one fought with him.
However, a strange scene suddenly occurred.
Just a light sword was able to completely block Yue Shou's attack, as if it was very easy.
In front of Yue Shou, Luo Zheng was like an insurmountable wall, unable to be shaken in the slightest. The difference in strength was highlighted at this moment!
Yue Shou was stunned. Many creatures on the tenth floor were also stunned. Meng Chong was even more stunned!
Previously, Luo Zheng seemed to be toying with Yue Shou, which already made Meng Chong extremely shocked. This made him even more determined to kill Luo Zheng. But now, Meng Chong understood that this brat in front of him had to be eliminated as soon as possible. In time, no, it wouldn't take long for this brat to completely rise. At that time, the entire demon race wouldn't have a foothold in the Tower of Sin!
At this moment, Meng Chong was already planning to rush onto the stage. Yue Shou definitely wasn't Luo Zheng's opponent. Therefore, not only did Meng Chong want to kill Luo Zheng, he also wanted to save Yue Shou. Although Yue Shou couldn't contend against Luo Zheng, he was still the most important genius of the Twin Demons Holy Land. In the future, he would definitely obtain a seat at the top of the tower. He absolutely couldn't allow Yue Shou to die like this!
Yue Shou's saber slowly moved back from Luo Zheng's sword. His expression was very calm, but the hand holding the saber felt somewhat powerless …
After realizing the gap between him and Luo Zheng, a monster seemed to have risen in his heart. That monster kept roaring in Yue Shou's heart, clearly telling him how big the gap between him and Luo Zheng was …
"I lost …"
Yue Shou straightforwardly admitted defeat, but it wasn't because he didn't have the spirit to fight.
In fact, Yue Shou's martial heart was very tenacious. But this saber strike had exhausted all of Yue Shou's self-confidence.
It was like a person who had prepared for ten years and finally succeeded in cultivating, only to discover that he couldn't beat a child. He didn't even have the strength to fight back in front of a child! This was the truest thought in Yue Shou's heart.
All of Yue Shou's pride and self-confidence all these years had turned into nothingness under this saber strike!
What strongest warrior? What most outstanding genius of the Twin Demons Holy Land? Under the setback of this saber strike, it was incomparably ear-piercing and laughable.
Luo Zheng waved his sword and held the hilt of his sword. He cupped his hands towards Yue Shou and said, "Thank you for letting me win!"
In the Sin Tower's arena, the winner could take the opponent's life. However, Luo Zheng didn't do so. It wasn't because he was afraid of the Demon Race. Since he had fully displayed his strength and talent, the purpose of blocking Yue Shou's saber strike was to build momentum! Luo Zheng wanted to let the other races understand that the Human Race was definitely not a weak race!
Luo Zheng didn't take Yue Shou's life because Yue Shou was the only demon that Luo Zheng appreciated!
Moreover, even if Luo Zheng took Yue Shou's life, it wouldn't have much meaning.
"Whoosh!"
An intense Light of Creation burst out from Yue Shou's chest and drilled into the nameplate on Luo Zheng's chest.
Just as Luo Zheng had estimated, the amount of Light of Creation he could obtain on the tenth floor was very abundant. This was also why Luo Zheng wanted to quickly climb up to the tenth floor. He could accumulate Light of Creation at a faster rate here.
Yue Shou carried his Zhanmadao and dispiritedly walked down the arena. He was like a walking corpse, swaying as he walked.
Although Yue Shou's heart of martial arts was extremely tenacious, under such a heavy blow, his heart of martial arts was almost completely destroyed by Luo Zheng. Now, Yue Shou had to rely on himself to comprehend it. If he could comprehend it, his strength would increase greatly. At that time, Yue Shou would be even more terrifying than he was now. But if he couldn't comprehend it, then he wouldn't be able to achieve anything impressive in his life.
"Luo Zheng, since my Demon Race's Generals can't defeat you, then I will personally take action! How about it? "Meng Chong jumped down from the spectator stand and was about to enter the arena.
Meng Chong's words suddenly caused everyone's expression to change!
According to the rules of the Sin Tower, the warriors on the upper floors could enter the lower floors, but they couldn't enter the lower floors' arenas.
This rule was also for the sake of the balance of the Sin Tower. If they couldn't defeat others on their own floor, then wouldn't everyone run to the next floor to challenge and accumulate Light of Creation?