A seat controller challenging a fighter, such a thing had probably never happened before in the Tower of Sin.
The seat holders were basically all War Elder of the tenth step, also known as the Peak War Elder, and were only one step away from the War Sage. As a Warrior of the tenth step, Luo Zheng was separated from the Peak War Elder by two great realms!
No matter how high Luo Zheng's talent was, no matter how strong he was, he couldn't be a match for Peak War Elders.
Moreover, according to the rules of the Tower of Sin, warriors on the upper floors were not allowed to fight with warriors on the lower floors. Meng Chong's action of breaking this rule was significant!
This was also the reason why many warriors' expressions changed.
If the seat controller of the Demon Clan took the lead to break this rule, then the warriors of the other clans would no longer have to follow this rule, right?
At that time, wouldn't the entire Tower of Sin fall into endless chaos?
None of the clans were willing to see this happen.
However, before Meng Chong stepped onto the stage, an ethereal voice suddenly sounded, "This War Elder of the Demon Clan is challenging other warriors on the tenth floor. Isn't this against the rules?"
Everyone looked towards the source of the voice and saw that it was Mu Qing Yang, who was wearing a green robe.
Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang were both the strongest warriors on the tenth floor, but Yue Shou didn't know what Mu Qing Yang meant. Could it be that she didn't know that Meng Chong was deliberately breaking the rules to kill Luo Zheng? Or could it be that the Demon Clan wanted to maintain order in the Tower of Sin?
This possibility really existed! After all, the Demon Clan had a lot of benefits in the Tower of Sin. The seats they obtained were second only to the Demon Clan. Only the Demon Clan had the qualifications to fight against the Demon Clan!
However, many people had heard the words of the Demon Clan's seat controller, Bai Huan, and it seemed that the Demon Clan didn't want to get involved in this matter. Now that Bai Huan was sitting on the side, Mu Qing Yang, a junior, had jumped out to speak. What was the meaning of this?
When Meng Chong was about to step onto the stage, Xia Shuang, Zhao Fenqin, and Zhou Zhuohe's expressions changed greatly. Zhao Fenqin was even more hesitant as to whether he should intervene or not!
Once he intervened, it was very likely that a war between the Human Clan and the Demon Clan would break out!
The Purple Heart Holy Land was definitely not a match for the Twin Demon Holy Land. Moreover, the disparity in strength between the Human Race with four seats and the Demon Race with more than twenty seats in the Sin Tower was extremely large. Once they started fighting, the consequences would be unimaginable.
Meng Chong rolled his huge eyes and sneered, "What have I done that I need a junior like you to lecture me? Where's Bai Huan? "
Meng Chong could not understand Bai Huan's intentions. Bai Huan did not say anything, but he had asked Mu Qingyang, a junior from the Fiend Night Clan, to stop him? However, the Night Demon Clan's attitude was of utmost importance. Thus, Meng Chong shifted the topic to Bai Huan. He wanted to confirm Bai Huan's thoughts.
Although Mu Qingyang was reprimanded by Meng Chong, his expression was still indifferent. At this time, Bai Huan finally stood up and said softly, "The rules of the Sin Tower were jointly set by us. I feel that only Mu Qingyang is qualified to challenge Luo Zheng. As for what you plan to do after Mu Qingyang's challenge, it's up to you."
Bai Huan's words were very clear. The Night Demon Clan did not want to interfere with the Demon Clan's violation of the rules. Now that Mu Qingyang from the Night Demon Clan wanted to challenge Luo Zheng, the Night Demon Clan did not care what the Demon Clan would do next.
Actually, Bai Huan had said that she did not want to interfere in this matter. She did not change her mind. However, when Mu Qingyang saw the battle between Luo Zheng and Yue Shou, he became eager to challenge Luo Zheng.
As an elder of the Night Demon Clan, Bai Huan agreed to Mu Qingyang's request. That was why she stepped forward to stop him.
Meng Chong sneered at Bai Huan's words. "Very well. I'm not in a hurry!" After saying that, he clasped his hands behind his back and stood to the side.
In any case, from Meng Chong's point of view, Luo Zheng was definitely going to die. No matter what, he would not be able to escape today's calamity. As long as the Night Demon Clan did not interfere, the situation would be under his control. As for the Human Clan's seat holders? If the Demon Clan wanted to destroy them, it would only take a blink of an eye.
Mu Qingyang smiled faintly. "Thank you, Lord War Supremacy!"
After saying that, her figure flashed and a green figure appeared in the air. It was as if she had passed through space and entered the arena.
"Mu Qingyang cultivates both energy and body. She is becoming more and more proficient in the Law of Space. It seems that she has grasped the second level!"
"What a strong comprehension ability! It is said that she is only 20 years old. To be able to grasp the second level of the Law of Space at such a young age … "
"In the history of the Tower of Sin, there has never been a warlord who has grasped the second level of the Law of Space. Can she defeat Luo Zheng?"
The creatures of the various races were watching the show, while the humans were watching with their hearts clenched!
Originally, when the Night Demon Clan had suddenly interfered, Xia Shuang and the others had seen a glimmer of hope. They could only entrust this matter to the Night Demon Clan. However, they had never expected that the Night Demon Clan would not interfere at all. Instead, it was Mu Qingyang who wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
This meant that the Human Clan was weak to a certain extent. They were like fish on a chopping board. The Night Demon Clan could do whatever they wanted to. This was the tragedy of the weak.
Because of Mu Qingyang's challenge, Meng Chong's attack was temporarily delayed. What would happen next?
Not to mention that Mu Qingyang's strength was not weaker than Yue Shou's, because of his dual cultivation of both energy and body, it was impossible to guard against his attacks.
So what if Luo Zheng defeated Mu Qingyang? He still had to face Meng Chong. In the end, today was Luo Zheng's deadlock.
Xia Shuang and the others had endless worries on their faces. They could not find a way to break out of this situation.
Perhaps, they could only entrust a miracle to Luo Zheng.
However, no matter how strong Luo Zheng's talent was, he was still a Tenth Level fighter. He did not have the ability to fight against a Tenth Level War Supremacy.
Xia Shuang sighed faintly. Looking at the heroic young man in the arena, a deep sense of powerlessness enveloped her body. She did not know what she should do.
If it was an ordinary person, they would not be in the mood to fight after knowing that there was a Tenth Level War Supremacy eyeing them covetously.
However, Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face. It was as if he did not care about the killing intent in front of him. Many people felt that Luo Zheng was forcing himself to be calm. However, to be so calm in such a situation required a certain amount of confidence. So where did Luo Zheng's confidence come from?
Many of the living beings were also constantly guessing!
Mu Qingyang's light footsteps landed on the arena. A slender sword appeared in his hand. Then, he said in a light voice, "Luo Zheng, I want to choose you."
Luo Zheng nodded. He held his sword horizontally and nodded.
"You have the strength to defeat Yue Shou, but you may not be my match." Mu Qingyang said softly.
"Since we're already on the arena, there's no need to talk so much," Luo Zheng said indifferently to the genius of the Night Demon Clan.
"You're very arrogant, but I hope you can maintain this arrogance." After saying that, Mu Qingyang's figure fluttered. In the blink of an eye, he crossed the distance of sixty to seventy feet and arrived beside Luo Zheng. Then, he stabbed his sword towards Luo Zheng's forehead.
"Space Law!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His figure also flickered. He stepped out and traveled through space.
Mu Qingyang's sword seemed to have stabbed Luo Zheng, but in fact, Luo Zheng had already left the arena. Instead, he appeared behind Mu Qingyang and slashed down with his sword.
"Both of them are using the Space Law?"
"Isn't Luo Zheng a Body Refiner? He's also a Body Refiner! "
"How many trump cards does this kid have?"
When both of them had mastered the Space Law, it was difficult to determine the winner of the battle.
Because the Space Law allowed one to travel freely, it was very difficult to completely block the opponent's escape route.
However, it was also because of this that the battle became more intense and the pace of the battle was very fast.
Luo Zheng traveled through space and circled behind Mu Qingyang. In the blink of an eye, Mu Qingyang traveled through space and appeared beside Luo Zheng. However, when Mu Qingyang stabbed with his sword, Luo Zheng also traveled through space and left.
Silhouettes constantly appeared and disappeared, appearing and disappearing again and again, dazzling everyone. Although the two figures were dressed differently, because their speed was too fast, some cultivators couldn't tell who was who for a moment!
"Clang!"
"Clang clang clang clang!"
While traveling through space, Luo Zheng finally found a gap. Their swords collided seven or eight times.
In a pure contest of swordsmanship, Mu Qingyang was at a disadvantage. Although she had watched the battle between Luo Zheng and Moon Guardian and had seen Luo Zheng's "Formless", Luo Zheng's move did not have any sword moves. How could she break it?
＝＝＝＝＝