Although sword moves were ever-changing, they were still the same. No matter how exquisite a sword move was, it was based on other sword moves. There was always a pattern to follow.
When Mu Qingyang fought with other swordsmen, she could almost predict their intentions as long as they moved their wrists. However, Luo Zheng's sword move had no pattern at all. She couldn't see through it at all.
After a few moves, Luo Zheng easily broke through Mu Qingyang's defense and pointed his long sword at her chest. In the end, Mu Qingyang had to travel through space again to avoid Luo Zheng's attack.
Mu Qingyang had expected that she couldn't break Luo Zheng's sword move. When she observed the fight between Luo Zheng and Moon Guardian, she knew that she couldn't break Luo Zheng's weird sword move …
However, it didn't mean that she didn't have the confidence to defeat Luo Zheng.
When warriors fought, sword moves weren't the only thing they relied on. Most of the time, they had to rely on their trump cards!
After she traveled through space to distance herself from Luo Zheng, her bright eyes flickered and her red lips opened slightly. "Sanyuan Shadow!"
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Suddenly, three shadows rushed out from her body and scattered around the arena.
Luo Zheng turned his head to look at the three shadows. He frowned slightly, but he didn't know what Mu Qingyang wanted to do.
After Mu Qingyang sent the three shadows away, her figure suddenly flashed. She jumped up high and stabbed her sword at Luo Zheng's head!
"Frost Breaking Sword!"
A sharp sword light pierced toward Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng sneered and flicked his long sword again. This time, not only did it shatter Mu Qingyang's sword light, but it also slashed toward Mu Qingyang's shoulder. If Mu Qingyang couldn't dodge it, her body would be cut in half by Luo Zheng's long sword!
Seeing Luo Zheng's sword strike, Mu Qingyang's body suddenly changed direction in the air. It was as if a strange force had appeared out of nowhere and pulled her away. She merged with the shadow in the corner!
When Mu Qingyang merged with the shadow in the corner, another shadow rushed out from her body and spread out in another corner. Then, a smile appeared on her face. There were still three shadows in the arena.
"These shadows have such a magical effect …" Luo Zheng murmured.
If Mu Qingyang used these shadows to attack Luo Zheng, she would choose to travel through another shadow every time her attack failed. She would be almost invincible.
"Let's see how you can break my Sanyuan Shadow!" Mu Qingyang chuckled and moved again. This time, she did not jump. Instead, she lowered her body and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng frowned and hacked at the ground. The surging Sword Essence covered an area of ten meters in front of him. However, Mu Qingyang easily passed through it and came close to Luo Zheng. Mu Qingyang's long sword was already on Luo Zheng's neck. Just as she was about to pull gently to separate Luo Zheng's head, Luo Zheng's figure turned into a shadow and appeared behind Mu Qingyan.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't have time to swing his sword to kill. Mu Qingyang's figure was pulled in another direction quickly and strangely.
Luo Zheng didn't give Mu Qingyang a chance. He was just pretending to attack. When Mu Qingyang was about to merge with one of the shadows, Luo Zheng took a step forward and waited by the side.
What made Luo Zheng speechless was that Mu Qingyang's figure changed direction midway and landed on another shadow!
"This …"
He looked at Mu Qingyang's smiling face. The long sword in his hand was shaking slightly, but he was thinking of a way to break it.
He didn't expect Mu Qingyang to be so difficult to deal with …
Every race had their own specialties. The humans in the Purple Heart Holy Land were good at the Vital Essence system, the Demon Clan was good at refining their bodies, and the Demon Clan's inheritance was special. This almost perfect race seemed to be able to freely choose their own cultivation system. The cultivation methods passed down in the Holy Land were also very strange.
"In this case, speed is the only thing I can do." Just as Mu Qingyang revealed a faint smile, Luo Zheng didn't stay any longer. He stepped forward and attacked Mu Qingyang again.
Mu Qingyang's attack didn't have any effect. Before merging with one of the shadows, she even turned around and attacked Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng dodged the attack and suddenly accelerated toward the next shadow. At the same time, a white light flashed in Luo Zheng's hand. It was the indestructible broken flying dagger. Luo Zheng's broken flying dagger directly rushed toward another shadow!
Luo Zheng used the flying dagger to seal a shadow, and he himself also sealed a shadow. Now, there was only one shadow left on the battlefield. When Luo Zheng sprinted halfway, he threw the long sword in his hand!
"Swoosh!"
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng couldn't think of a way to break it. He could only seal Mu Qingyang's three shadows in an instant!
This time, Mu Qingyang really panicked!
Once her Ternary Shadow was activated, she could freely choose which shadow to move to. However, it also limited her movement direction!
Now, no matter which shadow she landed on, she would be attacked by Luo Zheng! This was a difficult choice for Mu Qingyang!
In the end, in a moment of desperation, Mu Qingyang's figure flashed and she chose Luo Zheng's position.
Although Mu Qingyang didn't know the power of Luo Zheng's flying dagger, he caught a glimpse of it. Although the flying dagger was broken, its aura was very sharp and couldn't be underestimated.
If he chose another shadow to land on, he was afraid that Luo Zheng's long sword would directly pierce through it. After all, it was a Divine Weapon. Mu Qingyang absolutely couldn't block it!
Only Luo Zheng himself … Since he had removed the sword in his hand, his strength should be greatly reduced!
In Mu Qingyang's mind, a swordsman relied on the sword in his hand the most. If a swordsman was willing to throw the sword in his hand, it meant that he was ready to stake everything on a single throw. Since Luo Zheng was willing to use his own sword to shoot his own shadow, she had a great chance to defeat Luo Zheng!
A swordsman without his sword was like a tiger without its fangs.
However, Mu Qingyang didn't know that for Luo Zheng, not using his sword was even more terrifying than using it!
The moment Mu Qingyang landed, she was about to face Luo Zheng's fist!
At this moment, Luo Zheng didn't activate the Starry Battle Body. He didn't need it to deal with Mu Qingyang.
"Diffraction!"
Although Luo Zheng had taken the initiative to punch, Mu Qingyang didn't hesitate. Her sharp sword, which was released later, arrived first. Like a nimble bamboo green snake, her long sword, which was blooming with a faint green light, was pointed at Luo Zheng first.
Although Mu Qingyang's sword didn't look very powerful, it was very delicate. Each of her sword strikes was aimed at a vital point.
If Luo Zheng attacked with his fist, her sword would definitely cut off half of Luo Zheng's head!
However, Luo Zheng didn't swing his fist at Mu Qingyang. Instead, he changed his move midway and directly grabbed Mu Qingyang's sword!
Mu Qingyang's long sword was also a sacred weapon named "Gentle Snow." In addition to having the strength of a sacred weapon, it was also abnormally light. It was so light that it was almost weightless. Holding it in one's hand was like holding a handful of snow.
After Luo Zheng pinched the sword with two fingers, Mu Qingyang suddenly tried to pull it out. She suddenly found that her sword seemed to be embedded in a crack in the stone. She couldn't pull it out at all!
Even though Mu Qing Yang was a woman, the Night Demon Clan wasn't known for their strength. Instead, they cultivated both body and energy. Mu Qing Yang's strength was far beyond that of an ordinary cultivator. Not to mention being embedded in a rock, even if the sword was crushed by a mountain, she would still be able to pull it out!
However, she pulled it out twice in a row. She even unleashed the Vital Essence in her body, but the long sword in her hand didn't move at all!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and reached out to pinch it.
Clang!
Yet, he had forcibly broken this Saint Artifact longsword ….
"You!"
Mu Qingyang could no longer maintain the calm smile on her face.
Even as a genius of the Sacred Land, it wasn't easy to obtain a sacred weapon. Moreover, "Gentle Snow" was very suitable for her. She cherished it very much even when she practiced swordsmanship. She had never expected that Luo Zheng would break it so easily!
The strength of a sacred weapon was far beyond that of an ordinary weapon. However, Mu Qingyang's sword was too thin and thin. If it were the Moon Guardian's Zhanmadao, even if Luo Zheng activated all the power of the dragon scales, it would still be difficult to break it.
However, with Luo Zheng's strength, breaking Mu Qingyang's sword wasn't too difficult.
"What about me?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
"Go to hell!"
Under Mu Qingyang's furious attack, a green light suddenly appeared above her head. The moment it appeared, it directly entered Mu Qingyang's head!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He suddenly felt an extremely dangerous feeling!
With Luo Zheng's current strength, an ordinary warlord wouldn't be able to make him feel this way. Not to mention a warlord, even an ordinary warlord wouldn't be much of a threat to him.
Luo Zheng's figure suddenly retreated when he felt this strong sense of danger. However, several black rays suddenly appeared on Mu Qingyang's fingers. As an extension of his fingers, they looked like a woman's fingernails. However, the black rays made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate!
No matter how confident Luo Zheng was in his immortal weapon body, he didn't dare to let this woman scratch him!
However, Mu Qingyang obviously didn't intend to let him go. As he rushed towards Luo Zheng, he crazily waved his sharp claws, like a roaring lynx facing its prey in the jungle!
Under the continuous pursuit, the black claws almost hit Luo Zheng several times. However, Luo Zheng was still lucky enough to dodge them. However, even though he avoided Mu Qingyang's direct attack, he had miscalculated one thing. Mu Qingyang's shadow was still lingering in the arena!
When Luo Zheng retreated to another corner of the arena, Mu Qingyang's figure instantly appeared behind Luo Zheng's shadow and grabbed at Luo Zheng's back.
"Shit!"
If he was scratched by this woman, he would probably be seriously injured even if he didn't die. He had been too careless this time.
In a moment of desperation, Yao Ye, the sword spirit in Luo Zheng's body, suddenly shot out. Along with Yao Ye was the huge black sword stored in his spatial ring!
The moment Yao Ye's faint figure took shape, his hand was already on the hilt of the huge black sword. He directly pulled the huge black sword out of Luo Zheng's spatial ring and slashed it at Mu Qingyang.
Slash!
However, Mu Qingyang didn't dodge at all. He just saw the huge sword appear before his eyes, and he still refused to give up as he clawed at it. Nothing could obstruct the black light on his fingers!
Five deep grooves suddenly appeared on the enormous black sword. However, Mu Qingyang saw Yao Ye's appearance at the instant that Yao Ye slashed down with the enormous black sword.
"What's that!?"
Mu Qingyang was stunned.
On the other hand, the huge sword in Yao Ye's hand had been forcefully stopped by Mu Qingyang's neck in the end, and it hadn't slashed down.
The others were stunned by this sudden scene as well. What's going on in the arena? Why did this suddenly happen when the battle was just getting intense?
Luo Zheng heaved a few breaths of air and shook his head. It was truly dangerous just now. Actually, Luo Zheng still had a few methods that could allow him to defeat Moon Guardian. However, he wasn't willing to use some trump cards unless it was a moment of life and death. He hadn't expected that this woman from the Yao Ye Clan who looked refined would actually be so ferocious when she was infuriated. She was simply like a wild cat that didn't care about its life!
However, Luo Zheng suddenly realized a problem, an extremely strange problem!
Why has the Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, suddenly stopped listening to my orders?
The Sword Spirit had always acted according to Luo Zheng's orders. If Luo Zheng needed her to attack an enemy, then she would pursue and kill the enemy; if Luo Zheng needed her to defend, then Yao Ye would protect her.
Luo Zheng had been in a hurry just now, and he'd merely ordered Yao Ye to stop Mu Qingyang. However, as soon as Yao Ye appeared and slashed down, the huge sword in his hand had actually stopped! What's going on?
This is something that has never happened in the past.
"Why has the battle suddenly stopped?"
"Another woman has suddenly appeared here? Is she from the Yao Ye Clan as well? "
"I sensed the aura of a Sword Spirit from that woman. She's probably Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit that has taken human form!"
"Let's not talk about whether she's a Sword Spirit or not. Can anyone tell me why Mu Qingyang has suddenly stopped moving?"
Right when everyone was discussing animatedly, Mu Qingyang stared blankly at Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Yao Ye, and then she finally spat out a single word. "King …."
After that, she suddenly knelt down on one knee towards Yao Ye.
At this moment, many members of the Yao Ye Clan had stood up successively and knelt down on one knee towards the center of the arena.
Even Bai Huan who was the Seat Controller had knelt down on one knee as well. He revealed a devout expression as he knelt down towards the arena.
At the same time, a few more War Exalts of the Yao Ye Clan walked over from the other side of the arena. Surprisingly, the person in the lead was the Seat Controller of the Yao Ye Clan as well, and it was Lord Mei whom Fei 'er had mentioned earlier!
When Lord Mei saw Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, he knelt down on one knee with the other War Exalts and bowed towards the arena.
After Chu Fei 'er noticed Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, she'd sent a message back to request for Lord Mei to come personally while she was tracking Luo Zheng. However, Lord Mei wasn't in the Sin Tower at that time, nor was he in the Hallowed Grounds. He was completing an assignment at the last minute.
After the assignment was completed, Lord Mei had rushed over as soon as he received the news.
Fei 'er had always been by Luo Zheng's side, but even though she was a Champion, she didn't have the authority to enter the 10th floor of the Sin Tower. She could only wait on the 9th floor.
Now that Lord Mei had just arrived and saw Luo Zheng summon the Yao Ye Clan's King, he naturally had to bow first!
"What's going on? What exactly is Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit? "
"Shh, keep your voice down. Don't get yourself into trouble. Look, the two Seat Controllers of the Yao Ye Clan have started to bow. If you infuriate the Yao Ye Clan, you'll be dead!"
"But how is Luo Zheng related to the Yao Ye Clan?"
After Lord Mei and Bai Huan paid their respects, they walked towards the battle arena without consulting anyone.
Strictly speaking, cultivators from the 11th floor and above were breaking the rules even if they walked onto the arena. However, in the eyes of the two Seat Controllers, the so-called rules didn't exist at all when compared to their King! It wasn't worth their scruples at all!
"King … is that you?"
Lord Mei walked over to Sword Spirit Yao Ye and asked in a trembling voice.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips when he saw the excited expressions on Lord Mei and Bai Huan's faces. Through Fei 'er, Luo Zheng already knew that his Sword Spirit seemed to be related to a certain' King 'of the Yao Ye Clan. However, he naturally knew his own Sword Spirit. Sword Spirit Yao Ye didn't know how to speak …
Was there any use for the Yao Ye Clan's War Sovereign to be so excited?
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking this, the next scene caused Luo Zheng's eyes to pop out of their sockets. Luo Zheng heard his Sword Spirit suddenly say, "It's me."
Sword Spirit Yao Ye's indifferent tone was filled with unparalleled dignity. Just the words "it's me" were spoken softly, but every living being who heard these two words instantly felt incomparably tiny! Some of them couldn't help but kneel in front of him.
Bai Huan and Lord Mei immediately knelt on one knee before Sword Spirit Yao Ye with a plop.
Even Luo Zheng, Meng Chong, Zhao Fenqin, and the others had to rely on their willpower to suppress the urge to kneel!
Amongst them, Luo Zheng was the most shocked!
"This … this …" Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment. Why did Sword Spirit Yao Ye suddenly speak?!
Sword Spirits were formed when swordsmen constantly tempered their sword intent. However, Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit was rather easy to form. Luo Zheng had been constantly absorbing the Sword Spirits of other swordsmen as he climbed up the Slaughter Sword Mountain.
Logically speaking, it shouldn't have been so easy to transform even if he'd absorbed quite a few Sword Spirits. Transforming a Sword Spirit wasn't an easy task.
However, something strange happened after he absorbed the Sword Spirit of this woman from the Yao Ye Clan. His Sword Spirit directly transformed into this form.
However, no matter what she looked like, she was still his Sword Spirit in the end. Sword Spirits weren't living beings, and they acted according to his will ….
At this moment, Sword Spirit Yao Ye actually spoke. How could Luo Zheng not be shocked?
No wonder Sword Spirit Yao Ye had stopped his black greatsword by Mu Qingyang's neck. She had her own thoughts, and naturally wasn't willing to kill her own clansmen.
Sword Spirit Yao Ye suddenly turned around and looked indifferently at Luo Zheng. At this moment, she was emitting a boundless aura of a ruler. It was as if she was born to be superior to others, and all living beings were born to kneel at her feet!
"Who, who … are you?"
Logically speaking, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so flustered no matter how big of a problem he encountered. Even when he was facing a near-perfect Sky Immortal in the Innate Stele, Luo Zheng wasn't nervous because of the soul imprint of the original owner of the Sin Tower.