Luo Zheng had his suspicions about Yao Ye's origins.
Normally, sword spirits would only act according to their master's orders. It was similar to the Art of Puppetry.
However, Yao Ye possessed a Sword Dance Technique that even Luo Zheng couldn't see through. As a sword spirit, how could he know martial arts that his master had never seen before? Even the knowledgeable Qinglong couldn't explain this, so it was even more impossible for Luo Zheng to know the answer.
Luo Zheng finally understood. Sword spirits possessed their own consciousness. Or rather, they possessed the soul of the Yao Ye Clan's' King '!
It wasn't too difficult to attach one's soul to a sword spirit. When Luo Zheng first entered the Slaughter Sword Mountain, the Icesword Celestial Master had placed a strand of his soul into a sword spirit.
However, the Yao Ye Clan's King had placed his soul into a sword spirit, yet Luo Zheng couldn't sense it at all with his current senses? Even if Luo Zheng couldn't sense it, how could Qinglong not sense it at all?
Luo Zheng looked at his sword spirit and stuttered, "Who are you?"
The sword spirit looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and replied, "My name isn't Yao Ye. It's Xun."
"A one-word name?" Luo Zheng blinked.
On the first row of the Innate Stele, there were two people with one-word names. One was called 'Huo', and the other was called 'Ya'.
Humans rarely used one-word names because of their surnames. Perhaps' Huo 'and' Ya 'were from the Yao Ye Clan.
However, there were countless clans in the Higher Realm. He couldn't be sure that they were from the Yao Ye Clan. Perhaps other clans would use one-word names as well.
"Why are you my sword spirit?" Luo Zheng slowly calmed down. At the very least, the sword spirit wasn't hostile towards him.
"I can't answer that for now … I need you to make a trip to the Yao Ye Clan's Sacred Land." Xun turned to look at Lord Mei and Bai Huan. "What's the name of your Sacred Land? What rank is it? "
Lord Mei's face was filled with reverence as he replied, "My King, the Holy Land that we live in on the Sea God's Continent is called the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. It's a Rank Seven Holy Land!"
Because of the existence of a genius like Liu Yu, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land had already been promoted to a seventh-grade sect. It could be considered the only seventh-grade Holy Land on the Sea God Continent.
If the Twin Demon Holy Lands of the Demon Race were to join forces, they would be slightly stronger than the Sky Feather Holy Lands and could be considered as a Rank Seven Holy Lands. However, whether it was the Fear Demon Holy Lands or the Flame Demon Holy Lands, they could only be considered as peak Rank Six Holy Lands.
As for the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land, in terms of power and resources, it was roughly equivalent to a fifth-grade sect. However, because of the Sin Tower, there were a few Divine Sea Realm old monsters, so it could barely be considered a sixth-grade Holy Land. Of course, it was the weakest of the sixth-grade Holy Lands.
"To be able to develop into a seventh-grade Holy Land in such a barren place, very good. Take me there now," Xun said calmly, but there was an unquestionable might in her voice. The reason why she had invited Luo Zheng to the Yao Ye Clan's Sacred Land was because she was still Luo Zheng's sword spirit. However, no one knew what secret technique Xun had used to hide herself within the sword spirit. Even Luo Zheng and Qinglong were unable to detect her.
"My queen, we're very happy to serve you," Lord Mei and Bai Huan replied in unison.
In the eyes of the Yao Ye Clan's members, their queen was a supreme existence. Even if Xun ordered Lord Mei and Bai Huan to commit suicide, they wouldn't dare to hesitate, let alone Xun asking them to take her to the Sacred Land!
Although the Yao Ye Clan was a lawful race, and there weren't many taboos or taboos in the clan, the entire clan was built around the soul statues of the three kings.
"Wait!"
A deep voice rang out. It was Meng Chong who had spoken!
This scene had completely confused Meng Chong …
He felt that he had already given the Yao Ye Clan face by allowing their god-level genius, Mu Qing Yang, to challenge Luo Zheng!
Whether or not Mu Qing Yang could defeat Luo Zheng, Meng Chong would kill Luo Zheng when the time came. This scenario had already been written into Meng Chong's mind, but what was happening right now? Why had Mu Qing Yang suddenly knelt in the middle of the fight?
Then, a "queen" suddenly popped out of the Yao Ye Clan and wanted to take Luo Zheng with her?
How could he, Meng Chong, allow this to happen?
When Xun saw Meng Chong's mountain-like figure blocking her way, she glanced at him indifferently and asked, "What is it?"
"I don't care what kind of queen you are in the Yao Ye Clan. Wherever you go has nothing to do with the demon race. That brat, you must stay!" Meng Chong said sternly.
Meng Chong didn't understand Xun's position in the hearts of the Yao Ye Clan. Although Xun's aura was extraordinary, and even Meng Chong felt inferior standing in front of her, in a world where strength was everything, Xun's strength wasn't enough to make Meng Chong fear her.
Luo Zheng was someone Meng Chong had to kill. How could he allow Luo Zheng to leave safely?
"Impudent!"
"You're courting death!"
As soon as Meng Chong finished speaking, Lord Mei and Bai Huan appeared on his left and right.
The two Seat Controllers of the Fiend Night Clan actually attacked Meng Chong without any explanation!
Either Lord Mei or Bai Huan would be able to hold their own against Meng Chong, let alone the two of them attacking together.
White flower petals appeared in Bai Huan's hand. Her fair and delicate fingers contained a terrifying power as they swept towards Meng Chong's head.
A black short sword appeared in Lord Mei's hand and fiercely pierced towards Meng Chong.
"You!"
A trace of anger appeared on Meng Chong's face!
Meng Chong's decision to ignore the rules of the Sin Tower and directly attack Luo Zheng was already a big deal. It was very likely that the Sin Tower, which had finally stabilized, would once again fall into chaos.
Therefore, even Meng Chong himself had to be careful!
But how could Meng Chong have imagined that because of a single sentence from him, the two leaders of the Yao Ye Clan would ignore the rules and attack him!
Leader of the Yao Ye Clan versus leader of the Yao Ye Clan …
At the top of the Sin Tower, the leaders of the Yao Ye Clan would spar with each other every year to determine the ranking of the Yao Ye Clan's seats. There were differences in strength between the 128 leaders of the Yao Ye Clan!
But spars were just spars. If they were to fight here, it was very likely that it would lead to a war between the leaders of the Yao Ye Clan!
Even Meng Chong didn't dare to casually attack the other leaders of the Yao Ye Clan, especially the leaders of the Yao Ye Clan.
Of course, Meng Chong didn't care about weak races like the human race, which only occupied four seats!
"Bang!"
"Pu!"
In a panic, Meng Chong sent out two punches towards Bai Huan and Lord Mei.
Among the 128 leaders of the Yao Ye Clan, Meng Chong's strength was ranked 45th, Bai Huan's strength was ranked 42nd, and Lord Mei's strength was ranked 37th!
Meng Chong would find it very difficult to deal with any one of them, let alone Bai Huan and Lord Mei working together!
Meng Chong's fist barely dispelled the white illusion. His finger flicked lightly, and although his other fist forced Lord Mei to retreat, he was still injured by the sword intent from Lord Mei's short sword. After retreating a few steps, Meng Chong's right shoulder spurted out a stream of brown blood!
Meng Chong tightly clutched his shoulder. Lord Mei's short sword contained a special power that could delay the healing of wounds. Thus, even if Meng Chong covered his wound, it was difficult to stop the bleeding.
"You … Yao Ye Clan, do you want to start a war with the demon race?" Meng Chong's face was filled with anger, but his heart was also filled with confusion. Were these two from the Yao Ye Clan crazy? They attacked without saying anything! Just what was the background of that woman called Xun?
"You dare to insult our king? Die!" Bai Huan said solemnly.
"Not to mention starting a war, even if we have to pay a huge price to wipe out your Twin Demon Holy Land, so what?" Lord Mei also said.
Crazy, they've all gone crazy, the Yao Ye Clan is full of crazy people …
This thought repeatedly echoed in Meng Chong's mind. At this moment, Meng Chong's heart was filled with extreme regret!
If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have agreed to that junior called Mu Qingyang and allowed her to challenge Luo Zheng. If he had directly killed Luo Zheng, this wouldn't have happened!
Unfortunately, Meng Chong wasn't a prophet. He couldn't have predicted this. In fact, even Luo Zheng himself couldn't have predicted this …