All of the living beings in the surroundings were silent, and all sorts of expressions could be seen on their faces.
From the moment Luo Zheng stepped onto the stage, most people, even the human race, felt that Luo Zheng was dead for sure!
With the human race's strength, they were unable to protect this genius. If they insisted on protecting Luo Zheng, they would drag down the entire Purple Heart Holy Land because of Luo Zheng.
When the battle ended, it was time for Meng Chong to make his move.
According to the demon race's personality, they would most likely compensate the human race with ten Saint artifacts after killing Luo Zheng, and these compensations would just be a way for the demon race to break the rules.
After challenging Moon Guardian, Meng Chong was prepared to make his move. However, the Demon Night Clan's god-level genius, Mu Qing Yang, who had been neck and neck with Moon Guardian in the 10th floor of the Sin Tower, suddenly wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
Even Mu Qing Yang's appearance had only delayed the battle by a bit. Many of the humans present knew this, and so did the other races.
However, halfway through the battle, the situation had taken a 180-degree turn. A member of the Demon Night Clan had suddenly charged out from Luo Zheng's side, and it was actually the Demon Night Clan's' King '!
The entire situation had taken a sudden turn. The Demon Night Clan had originally acted as if this matter didn't concern them, and they didn't want to get involved. However, because of the appearance of the so-called 'King', their attitude had completely changed.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were completely stunned. They simply couldn't understand what was going on!
However, no matter what, since the Demon Night Clan had chosen to stand up at this time, it was naturally greatly beneficial to the human race. After all, the Demon Night Clan didn't lose to the demon race in the Sin Tower or outside the Cursed Lands!
Therefore, while they were in a daze, both of them revealed knowing smiles!
"I knew it, I knew it …" Xia Shuang muttered with an excited expression, and her cheeks were red.
She had always felt that Luo Zheng was very confident, as if everything was under his control. However, Xia Shuang didn't know where Luo Zheng's confidence came from!
Now, Xia Shuang understood. This was Luo Zheng's confidence!
However, while she understood, Xia Shuang was still somewhat confused.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, he seemed to be at a loss as to why the Sword Spirit had suddenly opened its mouth to speak. It seemed that he didn't know anything about it.
In other words, Luo Zheng had stumbled upon this matter by accident. It was also an unexpected incident. Luo Zheng should not have known about it before this.
With Xia Shuang's intelligence, she pays full attention to Luo Zheng. She can be considered to have seen through it.
However, if the relationship between his sword spirit and the king of the Night Demon Clan was purely accidental, then where did Luo Zheng's confidence come from when he fought with the Moon Guardian? Could it be that Luo Zheng didn't know that he was about to face the Demon Race's War Venerable, the seat controller Meng Chong?
In Xia Shuang's mind, this matter was like a mystery …
Of course, she didn't know that Luo Zheng's confidence didn't come from the Night Demon Clan. Instead, it came from the fact that Luo Zheng had obtained the recognition of the Sin Tower's artifact spirit. From a certain perspective, he could kick anyone out as he wished!
The atmosphere became more and more tense. It was as if the atmosphere had solidified. Even the whispers disappeared. Some of the more timid creatures were already preparing to leave the tenth floor.
It could be foreseen that if the Demon Race and the Night Demon Clan fought here, it would involve the many War Venerables on the upper floors of the Sin Tower. Then, the tenth floor would most likely become a battlefield!
"Looks like your Fiend Night Clan really does want to declare war on our Demon Race." Meng Chong stretched his arm, and the brown muscles on his shoulder rippled. The wound caused by Sir Mei's sword was instantly compressed, and the wound squirmed before it quickly stopped bleeding.
As soon as Meng Chong finished speaking, a group of Demon Race War Venerables majestically walked down from the eleventh floor's passageway!
When the creatures saw the Demon Race War Venerables, their expressions changed greatly. It seemed that they were really going to fight!
Once they fought, these Generals would definitely die without a burial ground!
However, under the eyes of so many War Venerables, no one dared to escape. Their legs were nailed to the ground as if they were filled with lead. The powerful auras released by the dozens of War Venerables caused the teeth of many weaker Generals to tremble.
"There are actually more than sixty Demon Race War Venerables coming down from the upper floors …" Someone counted carefully.
"The War Venerables at the front are all peak War Venerables. They are also the ten great War Venerables of the Demon Race. The ten seat controllers …" Someone else whispered.
"The one at the front is Meng Tian! He is the second seat controller out of the 128 seats! He is the strongest person in the Sin Tower! "
Some of these Demon Race War Venerables came from the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth floors …
However, the truly terrifying ones were the ten Demon Race War Venerables at the front. These ten Demon Race War Venerables were the strongest Demon Race War Venerables in the Sin Tower. Half of the twenty seat controllers of the Demon Race had actually come!
Among the ten Demon Race War Venerables, peak War Venerables Meng Tian was the leader!
Meng Tian was wearing a set of fiery red armor. There were fiery red lines on the armor, as if lava was flowing on the armor. Before he even came over, a scorching aura gushed out. It made people feel as if they were not facing a Demon Race War Venerables, but a volcano!
The Demon Race people were originally tall and mighty. When dozens of them moved over, it was like dozens of small mountains rushing over. It was also like a group of elephants trampling on the floor of the tenth floor. It made people wonder if the floor of the Sin Tower could withstand their footsteps. The huge aura made it hard for people to breathe.
"Meng Chong, what's the matter?" Meng Tian stopped walking and asked indifferently.
Meng Chong looked at Luo Zheng and said, "I wanted to kill that brat from the Human Race. Bai Huan and Mei from the Demon Night Clan tried to stop me and even injured me."
"Oh?" Meng Tian coldly stared at Bai Huan and Mei Mei and said indifferently, "It seems like your Demon Night Clan doesn't plan on coexisting peacefully with our Demon Race?"
Master Mei and Bai Huan's expressions were slightly unnatural. Although they were both peak War Venerables like Meng Tian and were also seat controllers, there were differences in strength between the 128 seats. Even though Master Mei was slightly stronger than Meng Chong, she was much weaker than Meng Tian.
However, that unnatural expression disappeared in the blink of an eye because Xun was behind them.
The Demon Night Clan's King was someone they would risk their lives to protect. As the saying goes, they would go through water and tread on fire, even ten thousand deaths. In order to protect their "King", they would even sell their souls, not to mention their lives!
"For the safety of our King, there is no room for negotiation!" Lady Mei said resolutely. A sharp aura was suddenly emitted from her body. It actually had the intention of overshadowing Meng Tian's aura!
"If that brat dies, we will let bygones be bygones," Meng Tian said.
"Our King is residing in that human's body, so he cannot die!" Master Mei's tone left no room for negotiation.
"Is that so? If that's the case, I can only offend you! " Meng Tian's eyes flashed. His figure flashed and he actually wanted to go around Master Mei and Bai Huan. His huge hands grabbed towards Luo Zheng.
"Meng Tian, you dare!"
"Stop!"
Bai Huan and Master Mei immediately became anxious. Their figures flashed and they wanted to stop Meng Tian. They thought that Meng Tian should have a lot of scruples against the Demon Night Clan, but they didn't expect Meng Tian to be so decisive! What exactly was Meng Tian relying on?
Bai Huan and Master Mei were also very puzzled as they tried to stop him!
Could it be that the Demon Clan had something else to rely on in the Sin Tower?
Facing the hands of a peak War Venerables, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he quickly retreated. Luo Zheng was brave, but he wasn't without strategy. With his current strength, he might be able to challenge an ordinary War Venerables. If he refined the Light of Creation on his chest, he could challenge a third or even fourth stage War Venerables. However, Meng Tian was a peak War Venerables, and one of the strongest peak War Venerables. Luo Zheng wasn't his opponent.
Therefore, when he saw Meng Tian move, Luo Zheng abruptly retreated!
"Brat, you, a mere warrior, want to escape from me?" Meng Tian's words had a hint of mockery.
At this moment, Bai Huan and Lord Mei had also surrounded Meng Tian. They were determined to stop him. As for Xun, the King of the Night Demon Clan, he was standing in the middle of the stage. He raised his black greatsword high into the air!
"Stellar Battle Body!"
Luo Zheng didn't dare to be careless. He instantly activated his Stellar Battle Body and punched out while retreating!
"Stellar Earthquake!"
＝＝＝＝＝