Meng Tian revealed a disdainful smile when he saw that Luo Zheng actually dared to fight back while retreating.
"Creatures that are about to die often fight like trapped beasts. However, you can't be called a beast in front of me. You're just a grasshopper. Struggling is useless!"
Meng Tian was very decisive. In his opinion, the source of all this chaos was this human brat in front of him. As long as he killed Luo Zheng, he would be able to extinguish the Night Demon Clan's hopes. As for that so-called "King", even if he wanted to pursue the matter, the Demon Clan would be able to accept it.
Luo Zheng's fist released a faint starlight. Although the starlight was dim, it couldn't be erased.
Therefore, although the fist light didn't seem very powerful, it was actually far more powerful than an ordinary martial skill!
"Break." Meng Tian stretched out his thick hand and casually squeezed toward the starlight, wanting to crush the fist radiance that was radiating starlight.
But what Meng Tian didn't expect was that the moment he squeezed the fist light, a dazzling light blossomed from his right hand! That was the explosion of light when Luo Zheng's fist light collided with the vital essence in his hand!
A sharp pain came from his right hand.
Because of this, Meng Tian slowed down. He raised his right hand and looked at it strangely. It was already covered in cracks, and blood was flowing out from the cracks. He revealed an astonished expression and then laughed wildly, "Haha, a warrior can actually injure me, Meng Tian. Interesting, interesting!"
At this time, Luo Zheng had already retreated to the edge of the arena. Bai Huan and Lord Mei were blocking in front of Luo Zheng. As for "Xun", he couldn't hit Tian Tian with his sword. At this moment, his figure flashed and he leaned against Luo Zheng silently.
At the same time, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe glanced at each other and also flashed, arriving in front of Luo Zheng.
"You two human clowns actually dare to join in the fun. It seems like the humans don't want their seats in the Tower of Sin anymore." Meng Chong also walked onto the arena. Along with Meng Chong were the more than 60 Demon Clan War Reverends!
With so many War Venerable s of the Devil Clan surrounding them, the situation immediately changed!
Humans only had a total of four seats, and three of them were ranked below the 100th rank. Only one human seat was ranked 92nd. In the eyes of the demons, humans were like clowns.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe didn't say anything. They had weighed the pros and cons before they dared to step forward.
They hadn't dared to act before this because they really didn't have the ability to resist the devil race. However, since the Yaowe Clan was standing in front of them now, there was no need for them to be afraid. The devil race was formidable in the Tower of Sin, but the Yaowe Clan wasn't weak as well!
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes and stared at Meng Tian, who was not far away. A smile suddenly appeared on his face as though he didn't think he was in a dangerous situation. He lightly said, "What? Were the seats of the Human Race given out by the Demon Race? Or do you think … that this Tower of Sin belongs to you demons? "
The Tower of Sin didn't belong to a single race. After the incident at the entrance, the various races on the Sea God's Continent had come to a consensus. That was why so many races had sent their geniuses to cultivate in the Tower of Sin!
Meng Tian waved his hand. He didn't want to waste his breath on Luo Zheng. So long as the War Venerables behind him swarmed forward, these human War Venerables and the Yaowe Clan's War Venerables would be torn apart in an instant!
Right at this moment, a clear and melodious voice resounded, "Right, the Tower of Sin doesn't belong to a single race! You demons seem to have done this without asking the other seat controllers! "
Right at this moment, a few dozen more people appeared at the entrance to the 11th floor. They were all members of the Yaowe Clan, and more than half of them were women. Only a few were handsome men from the Yaowe Clan.
Meng Tian turned around, and his face instantly sank. The War Venerables of the Yaowe Clan had arrived as well!
The Yaowe Clan had over a dozen seats at the top of the Tower of Sin. More importantly, the seat controllers of the Yaowe Clan were ranked relatively high. Moreover, the strongest seat controller of the 128 seats belonged to the Yaowe Clan. Meng Tian was only ranked 2nd.
The woman who spoke just now was the seat controller of the 1st seat, "Ling Yan".
Ling Yan led the War Venerables of the Yaowe Clan as she leisurely walked forward. A calm aura was released from her. Because of Meng Tian's aura, the living beings on the 10th floor were immersed in lava. However, at this moment, they felt a sense of vitality coming from Ling Yan. It was as if they were in the spring when the snow melted.
Ling Yan walked over with the Peak War Venerables of the Yaowe Clan. She looked around, then knelt down on one knee and bowed to Xun, "Greetings, my king!"
The Peak War Venerables knelt down at the same time.
Xun glanced at the Peak War Venerables and said, "Rise."
Then Ling Yan stood up and faced Meng Tian, "My king is my life. Meng Tian, perhaps you should reconsider!"
Although the Yaowe Clan's power had grown over the years and had surpassed the Twin Devil Holy Land, they weren't a bloodthirsty clan. Therefore, they had always been patient in the face of the aggressive Demon Clan. As long as the Demon Clan didn't go too far, the Yaowe Clan wouldn't push them too hard.
However, today was different. Because of Xun, the Yaowe Clan didn't give in at all. For example, Lady Mei told Meng Chong that they would destroy the Twin Devil Holy Land at all costs just for their king!
"Ling Yan, we're willing to give up 5 seats as long as that brat Luo Zheng dies." Meng Tian didn't want to waste time. His attack was blocked by Luo Zheng. Now that Ling Yan was here, he didn't have the chance to take Luo Zheng's life. He could only choose to negotiate.
5 seats was already a big concession.
The Demon Clan had 26 seats and the Yaowe Clan had 16. If the Demon Clan gave up 5 seats, then both sides would have 21 seats. The numbers would be almost equal!
With every extra seat, there would be 5 extra spots to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. This had a huge impact on the various clans.
The Human Clan had fought for so many years and only had 4 seats. However, the Demon Clan was offering 5 seats. This was the same as cutting off meat from the Demon Clan. This was already a big concession. Their goal was to exchange for Luo Zheng's life.
Hearing Meng Tian's conditions, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe became nervous again!
This was a very tempting condition!
Once the Yaowe Clan agreed to this condition, not only would Luo Zheng die, but the Human Clan would also be wiped out! The consequences would be unimaginable!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe guessed correctly.
Meng Tian planned to wipe out the Human Clan. Although he would lose 5 seats, he would still be able to take back 4 seats from the Human Clan.
Ling Yan's pair of absolutely beautiful face suddenly revealed a trace of a helpless smile. Soon after, she faintly sighed, "Ai, how can I say it so that you guys can understand? Meng Tian, let me give you a simple example. If our Demon Queen wants our Demon Night Clan to commit suicide, then over a million members of our Demon Night Holy Land would offer their lives to her without hesitation. Do you understand now? "
The Yaowe Clan's reproductive ability was not strong. Although they were called a seventh rank Sacred Ground, there were only a million people in the entire Sacred Ground. However, the Yaowe Clan's members were born as Xiantian lifeforms. Every one of them was an elite! Thus, the battle strength of a million Yaowe Clan members was comparable to a hundred million human clansmen!
Ling Yan was not exaggerating.
Xun was like a spiritual totem in the Yaowe Clan. She had absolute authority. Even in the Upper Realm, Xun was the absolute ruler, let alone the people of the Lower Realm.
Hearing this, Meng Tian and the other peak War Reverends' expressions darkened.
"So you're saying that the Yaowe Clan is not going to give in?" Meng Tian said coldly.
"You can say that." Ling Yan nodded.
"So you're saying that the Demon Clan and the Yaowe Clan will definitely fight?" Meng Tian asked again.
"You can say that." Ling Yan nodded again.
"Hahahahaha …" Meng Tian suddenly raised his head and laughed wildly. His deep laughter echoed throughout the entire tenth floor. "It seems that your Yaowe Clan has risen to the point where you can move the Demon Clan!"
Ling Yan's brows wrinkled.
Bai Huan and Lord Mei frowned as well. Just now, Lord Mei and Bai Huan had suspected that the Demon Clan had left some sort of trump card in the Sin Tower.
Logically speaking, the Yaowe Clan in the Sin Tower was already stronger than the Demon Clan. Once the battle began, it was very likely that the Demon Clan's War Reverends would be wiped out. But in the Sacred Ground, the Yaowe Clan had Liu Yu. Even if the Twin Devil Sacred Ground started a war, they would not be able to take down the Skywing Sacred Ground of the Yaowe Clan!
At most, both sides would suffer heavy losses!
The Yaowe Clan had Liu Yu, so the Skywing Sacred Ground had a chance to rebuild. However, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground could not rebuild because they would have to face the crazy revenge of the other clans!
So what was Meng Tian's trump card? Or rather, what was the Demon Clan's trump card?
At this moment, Meng Tian suddenly said in a clear voice, "Patriarch Tianqiong! Patriarch Tianhui! It's time to help the Demon Clan! "
* Dong dong, dong dong … *
Another two Demon Clan members walked down from the 11th floor.
The aura released by these two Demon Clan members was 10 times stronger than Meng Tian's!
When Ling Yan saw the two Demon Clan members, she cried out involuntarily, "Tianqiong! Tianhui! Weren't the two of them dead? How … "
"War Saints! War Saints actually appeared in the Sin Tower! "Because someone was too shocked, he suddenly cried out as if he had seen a ghost.
Luo Zheng's heart sank when he saw the two Demon Race experts. The Demon Race actually had Battle Saints, and the Demon Night Clan didn't know about it at all. Why were Battle Saints able to enter the Cursed Lands and the Tower of Sin?
According to Fei 'er, it was impossible! Ling Yan's shocked expression also showed that this possibility was limitless and impossible!
The strongest people on the Sea God Continent were the Spirit Sea Realm!
Below the Spirit Sea Realm were War Saints. Below that were War Reverends, and below that were War Generals …
Every Holy Land only had a few Spirit Sea Realm powerhouses. The true backbone of the Holy Land was the War Saint powerhouses.
However, whether it was War Saints or the even stronger Spirit Sea Realm powerhouses, they were unable to enter the Cursed Lands. Anyone who entered would die. Ever since the Sin Tower appeared, this restriction had never disappeared!
It was because of this special characteristic of the Cursed Lands that all the major races had created a trend of creating transmission arrays. The vast majority of transmission arrays led to the Cursed Lands. To powerhouses below the War Saint realm, these transmission arrays were nothing more than ordinary transmission arrays!
But to War Saints and Divine Sea Realm powerhouses, they were nothing more than a trap to kill them!
In the past, many War Saints and a small number of Divine Sea Realm powerhouses were tricked into entering transmission arrays and were cursed to death by the Cursed Lands …
Later on, an unwritten rule appeared on the Sea God Continent. As long as one was a War Saint or Divine Sea powerhouse, one could not use a transmission array. Who knew where this transmission array would lead to? If one accidentally stepped into the Cursed Lands, their death would be too unjust!
But now, two War Saints had appeared in the Sin Tower. How could the peak War Reverends believe their eyes?
In the past, the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Race had also experimented with this.
This was to allow a peak War Saint to advance in the Sin Tower!
This was because one could not fight in the Cursed Lands. Once they did, they would also be cursed to death. But, there was no such restriction in the Sin Tower. Thus, the other races guessed that since War Saint powerhouses and Divine Sea Supreme Elders were unable to enter the Sin Tower, then wouldn't those War Saints be affected by the Cursed Lands if they advanced from War Saint to War Saint?
The results were startling.
The martial artists that had just advanced to War Saint weren't cursed to death by the Cursed Lands. But, after staying in the Sin Tower for 10 days, the power of the Cursed Lands began to slowly manifest itself. Finally, those several War Saints were cursed to death.
Perhaps it was because of the Tower of Sin, the few War Saints did not die so quickly. The War Saints who rashly barged into the Cursed Lands were cursed to death almost instantly, and the few War Saints who were promoted from the Peak War Saint slowly died. Their bodies were filled with pus, rotten stench, and they were tortured to death …
From then on, no other race's peak War Saints dared to make a breakthrough in the Sin Tower. Every time they wanted to make a breakthrough, they would choose to leave the Sin Tower and leave the Cursed Lands. But here … they would never be able to return.
Ling Yan and many other peak War Saints of the Demon Night Clan recognized Tianqiong and Tianhui!
In the past, these two Demon Race War Saints were also peak War Saints. Moreover, they were the seat controllers of the Demon Race! However, after the Profound Nether Cave opened, these two seat controllers had entered to search for lucky chances. Yet, they had actually died!
But, what they never imagined was that not only did these two people not die, but they actually broke through to become War Saint powerhouses and suddenly appeared in the Sin Tower. How could Ling Yan not be surprised? Why would the many Demon Night Clan members be surprised?
"It seems like the Demon Race already knew that they had this backing!" Bai Ye and Lord Mei instantly understood where Meng Chong's confidence came from. They also understood where Meng Tian's confidence came from.
"It's over, it's over …" Zhao Fenqin's face was filled with depression as he stared blankly at Zhou Zhuohe.
Zhou Zhuohe's expression was even more bitter than Zhao Fenqin's. His mouth was filled with a bitter taste. This was the tragedy of the human race. It wasn't easy for the Demon Night Clan to appear, but the Demon Race actually had two War Saints! He really didn't know how the Demon Race did it!
Could it be that the Demon Race had broken the curse of the Cursed Lands? That was impossible! The curse of the Cursed Lands had lasted for so many years. How could it be broken so easily!
However, the two War Saints in front of him were standing there like mountains, and it was an iron-like fact …
"Ling Yan, haha! You're still a peak War Saint! You didn't even dream that I would be back, right? "Tianqiong laughed loudly.
Ling Yan could have broken through to War Saint long ago, but the battle in the Sin Tower was too intense. Once she broke through, she would have to leave the Sin Tower. At that time, Meng Tian would become the strongest person in the Seat Controller. This was something that neither the Demon Night Clan nor the Sky Feather Sacred Ground wanted to see.
Thus, Ling Yan had been suppressing her cultivation. Unless the Demon Night Clan had a peak War Saint that could defeat Meng Tian, Ling Yan would choose to leave the Sin Tower, leave the Cursed Lands, and return to her own Demon Night Clan's sacred ground to break through.
When Ling Yan was a peak War Saint, Tianqiong and Tianhui were also peak War Saints. Furthermore, Tianqiong and Tianhui were in the Seat Controller rank after forty. They were far from being Ling Yan's match!
But now …
Tianqiong and Tianhui had both become War Saints, while she was still a peak War Saint.
How could Ling Yan's expression be good when her defeated opponent had surpassed her?
What was worse was that once these two War Saints appeared, the balance that was originally leaning towards the Demon Night Clan suddenly lost its balance and tilted towards the Demon Race. This was really troublesome!
"How did you do it? You've already become War Saints, so why are you still able to enter the Sin Tower? "Ling Yan asked.
"Hahaha!" Ancestor Tianqiong laughed loudly.
"Hahahaha!" Ancestor Tianhui also laughed loudly.
As for Meng Tian, Meng Chong, and the other peak War Saints, as well as all the Demon Race on the tenth floor of the Sin Tower, they also laughed loudly.
Before the incident, the Demon Race was at their peak, and the Sin Tower practically belonged to the Demon Race. However, after the incident, the Demon Race's situation deteriorated. Then, Liu Yu appeared out of nowhere, and the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground soared into the sky. For the past hundred years, whether it was outside the Cursed Lands or inside the Sin Tower, the Demon Night Clan had suppressed the Demon Race everywhere!
Although the Demon Race was in great pain, they had no way to break out of this situation. Most of the time, they could only swallow their anger!
But today, they had two Battle-Saints in the Tower of Sin!
The strongest warrior in the Sin Tower was only a peak War Saint. A War Saint could sweep through the entire Sin Tower, let alone two War Saints.
This meant that the Sin Tower was once again under the control of the Demon Race!
Looking at the arrogant smiles of the Demon Race's peak War Saints and the complacent expressions of the two War Saints, Luo Zheng suddenly shook his head and took a deep breath. Then, he poured his True Essence into his chest and suddenly roared: "You guys who are as big as pigs, what are you laughing about! What's so great about being a War Saint? "
Many of the Demon Race's peak War Saints and the two War Saints only laughed happily. They didn't use their True Essence to intimidate everyone with their voices. However, Luo Zheng's voice that was filled with True Essence was extremely loud and clear, immediately covering all the laughter.