The current situation was extremely disadvantageous for both the Yao Night Clan and Luo Zheng.
The Yao Night Clan originally had fewer peak War Reverends than the Demon Race, but because of their strength, they were slightly stronger than the Demon Race.
However, with the sudden appearance of two War Saints, both the Yao Night Clan and the human race were at an absolute disadvantage.
Even in this situation, Luo Zheng still dared to speak so arrogantly to the Demon Race. The first reaction of many creatures was, was this human brat crazy?
The smiles on Tian Qiong and Tian Hui's faces gradually faded, as did the smiles on the peak War Reverends of the Demon Race.
Today was the day the Demon Race laid all their cards on the table.
For War Saints to appear in the Sin Tower, the Demon Race's authority would greatly increase in the future.
Although outside the Cursed Land, the Twin Demon Sacred Lands were still unable to threaten the Yao Night Clan's Heavenly Feather Sacred Lands, at least there was no race in the Sin Tower that could resist the Demon Race!
"The human race's super genius Luo Zheng?" Tian Qiong asked with a sinister smile, "Do you think you can sit back and relax with the Yao Night Clan's protection? Or have your eyes been blinded and you can't see the situation in front of you? "
At this moment, even Ling Yan and the other peak War Reverends of the Yao Night Clan were looking at Luo Zheng with resentment.
Although they had no choice but to sacrifice their lives to protect Luo Zheng for the sake of "King", after all, Xun was still attached to Luo Zheng in the form of a sword spirit. However, the situation in front of them was completely different. Ling Yan was considering what price to pay to protect Luo Zheng.
However, once Luo Zheng said that, it would be very difficult for them to deal with the situation!
The appearance of two War Saints meant that the Demon Race had the right to speak in the Sin Tower!
Zhao Fenqin also asked Zhou Zhuohe with a True Yuan sound transmission, "What the hell is this brat doing? He shouldn't be such a stupid person! "
"Could it be that Luo Zheng has something else to rely on? Zhou Zhuohe was also at a loss. He couldn't understand why Luo Zheng was so arrogant.
Only Xia Shuang looked at Luo Zheng with burning eyes. She was very sure that Luo Zheng must have a hidden trump card!
Xia Shuang had already figured it out. The appearance of the Demon Night Clan girl named "Xun" was completely out of Luo Zheng's expectations! "Smoke" was not Luo Zheng's trump card.
Then what was Luo Zheng's real trump card? This trump card was so powerful that even the Battle-Saints of the Demon Race did not fear it?
Xia Shuang didn't understand, but she didn't need to think too much about it. She only knew that Luo Zheng could definitely turn the situation around!
"Luo Zheng, don't speak carelessly." For the sake of King's face, Ling Yan restrained her temper and turned her head to speak to the Demon Race: "Tianqiong, Tianhui, I don't care how you entered the Tower of Sin, but you can't kill Luo Zheng. If you dare to touch him, our Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground will definitely not let your Twin Demon Sacred Ground off. You should think carefully, I think we still have room for negotiation."
Ancestor Tianqiong lazily said: "Ling Yan, you might not understand the situation, but the room for negotiation is that brat must die! Then I want to see just how you will not let our Twin Demon Sacred Ground off! "
After saying that, Ancestor Tianqiong and Ancestor Tianhui's astral essence erupted from their bodies.
Just how ferocious were the auras of Battle-Saints?
When the astral essence of the two Battle-Saints surged, the faces of the Demon Night Clan's peak Battle-Saints immediately dimmed. It seemed that a battle with the Demon Race was unavoidable.
Previously, the Demon Night Clan did not fear the Demon Race, but now that two Battle-Saints had appeared, the situation was completely different.
At this moment, Luo Zheng laughed again. Across the crowd, Luo Zheng suddenly pointed at the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race, "What a pity. Although the two of you are Battle-Saints, and you even went through untold hardships to enter the Tower of Sin, you are about to die!"
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng actually said such words. Everyone's face revealed a puzzled expression. Could it be that Luo Zheng could really deal with these two Battle-Saints?
"Luo Zheng, do you know what you're talking about?" Ling Yan asked.
Luo Zheng nodded and straightforwardly replied: "Of course!"
"Are you sure you can deal with two Battle-Saints?" Ling Yan asked curiously.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, but did not directly answer.
At this time, Xun was still indifferently standing beside Luo Zheng, not saying a word. As a sword spirit, she was attached to Luo Zheng's body, so she was very clear about what Luo Zheng had experienced in the Talent Stele.
Just as Ling Yan was puzzled, Luo Zheng suddenly pointed at the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race and coldly said: "You two, get out of the Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng had obtained the recognition of the Demi-Immortal Clan, so the Artifact Spirit would naturally follow Luo Zheng's words.
It was at this moment that everyone felt an invisible fluctuation suddenly appear in the space of the 10th floor!
This fluctuation did not seem to come from any living creature, but from the Tower of Sin itself!
At the same time, the wall on one side of the arena constantly shook, and a huge hole suddenly appeared in the thick wall!
Seeing this scene, the two Battle-Saints of the Firmament Ancestor and Heavenly Splendor Ancestor's complexion suddenly changed.
Although they could stay in the Tower of Sin for a short period of time, this did not mean that they could resist the power of the curse of the Cursed Land. So as long as they stepped into the Cursed Land, they would be instantly killed by the curse!
After the wall cracked, the Cursed Land was outside the Tower of Sin. Once they entered the Cursed Land, they would undoubtedly die!
Not to mention Battle-Saints, even Divine Sea Realm experts would die!
When Heavenly Mist Immortal returned to the Central Domain as an Immortal, he was also unable to enter the Cursed Land to obtain the important inheritance. This meant that even Immortals could not resist the power of the curse!
Therefore, when they saw the intense crack, the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan had a bad premonition!
Just as the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan were feeling nervous, the invisible force swept past everyone's heads and suddenly transformed into two giant hands that grabbed Patriarch Firmament and Patriarch Heavenly Splendor, dragging them towards the crack!
"What is this!"
"Let go of me!"
After being wrapped up by that force, the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan continued to struggle!
Incomparably turbulent astral essence erupted from their bodies, wanting to break free from that pair of invisible hands!
A Battle-Saint Realm expert's strength was equivalent to a Life and Death Realm expert in the Central Domain. However, even though the two of them struggled with all their might, they were still unable to break free from the shackles of that pair of large hands.
Many creatures' faces were filled with shock. If even a Battle-Saint Realm expert was unable to break free from that invisible force, then the many Peak Battle-Saints present would probably have no room to resist!
No wonder that brat had such a fearless expression. He seemed to be controlling this Tower of Sin!
These races had not studied the Tower of Sin for a day or two. They had also thoroughly studied the characteristics of the various Divine Artifacts of the Tower of Sin.
Many creatures believed that the Tower of Sin was actually a living creature that had its own consciousness!
Over the years, this tower had absorbed the blood of countless warriors, swallowed countless weapons, and even the corpses of many warriors.
However, up until now, no one had come into contact with the consciousness of this Tower of Sin …
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng had most likely come into contact with the consciousness of this tower, and even obtained the recognition of that consciousness?
The mystery was very likely to occur in the Talent Stele!
Many creatures had guessed the mystery behind it.
Their guesses were actually not far from the truth, but even if they guessed it, it didn't mean much. The Talent Stele had always been there, and over the years, how many people's names had been able to enter the first row? Other than Yun Luo and Luo Zheng, there was not a single one!
And Luo Zheng had even obtained the title of "Heaven Rank" …
This honor was not something that could be obtained so easily.
The two invisible hands dragged the two Demon Clan War Saints towards the crack. As for the other Peak War Saints, such as Meng Tian, Meng Chong, and the other Demon Clan members, they could only watch.
At this time, they seemed to be unable to do anything.
If the two hands were dragging a Peak War Saint, it would be fine, but they would only be thrown out of the Tower of Sin. A Peak War Saint would not be harmed by the curse when he entered the Cursed Lands.
However, if a War Saint were to enter the Cursed Lands, he would definitely die!
Very quickly, the two Demon Clan War Saints were thrown out of the Tower of Sin.
The entire Tower of Sin was buried deep underground, so the outside of the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was a layer of soil. After the two invisible thugs threw the War Saints out, they continued to drag the two War Saints up!
In the end, they drilled through the thick layer of soil and threw the two War Saints to the surface.
Patriarch Tianqiong and Patriarch Tianhui stood beside the Tower of Sin and looked at each other. Both of them had a terrified expression on their faces.
The Demon Clan War Saints, who had been extremely proud just a moment ago, now felt that the God of Death was slowly approaching them!
"Charge in!"
As long as they could enter the Tower of Sin, they still had a chance of survival. The power of the curse did not appear in an instant!
At this moment, the two Demon Clan War Saints erupted with all the astral essence in their bodies and rushed towards the entrance of the Tower of Sin.
The two Giants guarding the gate saw the two balls of light rapidly approaching. The power that erupted from the balls of light was far beyond their imagination. How could they still dare to stand by the gate? They hurriedly ran to the side!
Just as Tianqiong and Tianhui were charging, many black spots had already appeared on the surface of their bodies!
＝＝＝＝＝