The two Battle-Saints charged towards the Sin Tower's entrance at an extremely fast speed.
Although the Sin Tower's entrance wasn't open, the two Battle-Saints had already pushed their astral essence to the limit. What kind of impact was this?
Not to mention the Sin Tower's entrance, even the walls of the Sin Tower would be smashed open!
"Clang!"
The Sin Tower's entrance was instantly smashed into pieces. The two Battle-Saints had already charged into the first floor of the Sin Tower.
Aside from the tenth floor of the Sin Tower and above, the warriors and Battle-Generals below had no idea what was happening on the upper floors.
On the first floor of the Sin Tower, an intense battle was unfolding.
A warrior from the Night Clan was currently fighting against a warrior from the Giant Clan!
The Night Clan warrior was skilled in assassination and concealment techniques, so his figure was extremely agile. He constantly circled around the Giant Clan warrior, waiting for an opportunity to deliver a fatal blow!
However, the Giant Clan warrior waved a black iron club in his hand, completely protecting himself without any openings …
Just as the two Battle-Saints were facing off, the warriors of various races suddenly heard a shocking sound coming from the entrance. They saw two Demon Clan warriors standing in the hall of the Sin Tower's first floor.
Many living beings sized him up, and their eyes were filled with fear!
"What is the strength of these two Demon Clan warriors? Why can't I see through them? "
"They, they seem to be Demon Clan Battle-Saints?"
"Two years ago, I saw a peak Demon Clan Battle-Saint, but he didn't give me this much pressure. I'm afraid these two are Battle-Saints!"
"Bullshit! Can Battle-Saints enter the cursed lands? They'll probably be cursed to death as soon as they step into the cursed lands! "
Many warriors looked at the two Demon Clan Battle-Saints and discussed.
Tian Hui and Tian Qiong's astral essence was too violent. Even though they were Battle-Saints, under the stimulation of their body refining techniques, their bodies were incomparably powerful, but they were still panting heavily.
"So, so close …" Tian Hui gasped as he spoke.
"The power of the cursed lands isn't as strong as I imagined …" Tian Qiong turned his head to look at Tian Hui. His face suddenly revealed a terrified expression as he stuttered, "You, you …"
"What's wrong with me?" Tian Hui looked up at the sky in confusion. His face was also filled with fear.
Large patches of black spots kept appearing on their faces. Some places had already cracked, and black pus was flowing out …
The power of the curse finally manifested at this moment.
All of a sudden, the bodies of the two demon battle-sages began to collapse. First, it was their skin, then their flesh and blood, and then their bones...
Their bodies, which were originally like small mountains, were now like melting snowmen. As they screamed in pain, they quickly disintegrated!
In the end, it turned into a pool of dirty blood on the ground …
This scene gave the Demon Race fighters on the first floor a fright.
"What, what's going on?"
"What else could it be? You are right, these two Demon Clansmen are not Peak war elder, they are at least War Sage level people, they … They were cursed to death!
"It's still not right! How did these two people pass through the Cursed Land and enter the Tower of Sin? "
Even if they used the teleportation array, they were still quite a distance away from the Tower of Sin. The Cursed Land was not small. If they were War Sage level existences, they would have been cursed to death not long after entering the Cursed Land. Why did it only activate now?
Many fighters couldn't understand this either!
At this moment, the gap in the wall on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was like the mouth of a monster. It crazily wriggled and quickly closed up.
The scene was still silent, but every living being had an expression of disbelief on their faces.
Ling Yan gave a look to the side, and a Demon Night clan general floated out like the wind towards the entrance of the ninth floor of the Tower of Sin. Clearly, he wanted to go upstairs to gather information.
Meng Tian also instructed a junior of the Demon Race to climb up to the first floor of the Tower of Sin.
At this moment, the Peak war elders of the Demon Race were the most nervous …
Meng Tian was very clear that Tian Qiong and Tian Hui were not truly immune to the curse of the Cursed Land. Instead, the Demon Race had thought of a way to keep War Sages in the Tower of Sin!
The Tower of Sin itself could counteract a portion of the curse of the Cursed Land. In the past, when a Peak war elder of the Demon Race broke through to the War Sage level, he lived in the Tower of Sin for a month before being cursed to death.
In theory, if the Tower of Sin had a teleportation array, the War Sages and Divine Sea Realm experts of the various races could temporarily stay in the Tower of Sin. As long as they used the teleportation array to leave within a month, they would be able to safely return to their race's Sacred Land.
However, due to the Tower of Sin's characteristics, it was impossible to draw a teleportation array in the Tower of Sin. This was because the Tower of Sin could devour everything except living beings. All sorts of weapons, corpses, and so on, as long as they were left in the Tower of Sin for a period of time, they would be absorbed by the Tower of Sin.
Some races naturally thought of setting up a teleportation array in the Tower of Sin. However, the teleportation array would be devoured by the Tower of Sin before it could be set up …
Thus, using teleportation arrays to bring in War Sages and Divine Sea Realm experts was not feasible.
However, ten years ago, the Demon Race thought of another method.
That year, during the month when the Mysterious Underworld Deathray in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was greatly weakened, many of the Seat Controllers at the top of the Tower of Sin led their own clansmen to explore the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
At that time, Tian Hui and Tian Qiong were two of the Seat Controllers of the Demon Race.
After a month of exploration, regardless of whether or not they obtained any opportunities, all living beings had to return to the Tower of Sin. If they did not return by then, they would never be able to return.
The power of the Mysterious Underworld Deathray was not something that a War Sage could withstand.
However, at that time, Tian Hui and Tian Qiong unexpectedly discovered a secret passage at the top of the Tower of Sin.
This secret passage was not large and could only fit two people. Moreover, it was just enough to avoid the Mysterious Underworld Deathray.
Through this secret passage, Tian Qiong and Tian Hui did not return to the Tower of Sin. Instead, they hid in the secret passage and cultivated!
Even among the Demon Race, only the ten peak War Sages knew about this trump card. In the Twin Demon Holy Land, only a few of the Demon Race's upper echelons knew about it. The two of them had always hidden in the secret passage and cultivated as their trump card.
Now that the Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan had a huge conflict, it was naturally time for the Demon Race to reveal their trump card!
Once the two War Sages took action, the Demon Night Clan's Ling Yan and the other peak War Sages would not be enough. The Demon Race would have an overwhelming advantage.
However, they never expected that Luo Zheng would use some strange method to directly throw the two War Sages out of the Tower of Sin …
This scene was destined to become a nightmare that repeatedly played out in the minds of the peak War Sages of the Demon Race.
As for Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, the two peak War Sages of the Human Race, they had extremely excited expressions on their faces.
Luo Zheng's trump card after trump card was completely out of their expectations. They were shocked again and again. When they finally accepted the fact that they couldn't accept, Luo Zheng created an even bigger miracle! Translator's Thoughts Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _ Lam _
So many miracles repeatedly stimulated the nerves of Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Xia Shuang, Xing Hui, and many others, causing their nerves to become numb.
At this time, even if someone told them that Luo Zheng was a savior sent by the Heavens to save them, they would still believe it with numb faces and passively accept this fact because they no longer knew how to think.
After all, the Demon Race sending out two War Sages was already an inconceivable matter, but Luo Zheng waved his hand and told them to scram, and they really did. If this was not the savior of the Human Race, then what was?
In a corner of the arena, Xia Shuang's eyes were filled with tears. This man had already become an omnipotent existence in her heart, a perfect existence!
Before this, Xia Shuang's heart had a trace of admiration for Luo Zheng, but now, the admiration in Xia Shuang's heart had disappeared with a loud bang and was completely replaced by worship.
After a while, the people Ling Yan and Meng Tian sent to inquire about the situation returned.
After the two of them reported the situation through True Essence Sound Transmission, Ling Yan's face revealed a faint smile, while Meng Tian's face was full of disappointment.