Ling Yan looked at Luo Zheng with deep meaning.
With Luo Zheng's god-like methods, even without the Yao Night Clan, the Demon Race couldn't do anything to him.
At this moment, she even felt a trace of luck. Fortunately, he was by "King's" side. It was because of this that the Yao Night Clan didn't become enemies with him.
If "King" wasn't by his side, even if the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race worked together, they wouldn't be able to do anything to Luo Zheng!
Ling Yan's gaze finally stopped on Meng Tian and said indifferently, "Meng Tian, do you still want to kill Luo Zheng?"
The corner of Meng Tian's eyes twitched and his expression became very unsightly. After a long time, he spat out a word, "Let's go!"
Without the two Battle-Saints, the Demon Race would not be able to gain the upper hand against the Yao Night Clan. Furthermore, there was still Luo Zheng. Even a Battle-Saint would not be able to resist his attack, let alone these Peak Battle-Saints!
Many Peak Battle-Saints of the Demon Race also turned their heads and prepared to leave with Meng Tian.
Meng Chong stared at Luo Zheng. He was clearly just a human Tenth Level Battle-Saint. He originally thought that he could easily kill this little guy, but he actually caused so many Peak Battle-Saints to return in defeat. If this guy wasn't eliminated, he would definitely become a hidden danger!
But how?
No one could give Meng Chong an answer. This youth's faint smile seemed to be a forced calmness, but in Meng Chong's eyes, it was unfathomable!
In the end, Meng Chong could only clench his teeth and leave with Meng Tian.
Some warriors with foresight understood that the wind in the Tower of Sin was about to change. The 128 seats on the top floor of the Tower of Sin were about to be reshuffled.
The Demon Race's bodies were as large as mountains. After the Demon Race Battle-Saints left, the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was somewhat empty.
At this time, Ling Yan asked, "Luo Zheng, how did you do it?"
Easily throwing two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin, and the two Battle-Saints didn't even have the strength to fight back.
"You don't need to ask," Xun suddenly said indifferently.
Hearing Xun's words, Ling Yan immediately nodded. "Understood, my king."
Everyone had their own secrets. If she was alone with Luo Zheng, Ling Yan would probably be very interested in knowing the truth. But since the king did not allow Ling Yan to ask, then Ling Yan naturally would not speak out of turn.
The Demon Clan's Peak War Reverend left, and Ling Yan also ordered the Demon Night Clan's Peak War Reverend to leave. Only then did the generals on the tenth floor of the Sin Tower begin to whisper to each other.
Xun looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Go to the Sky Feather Holy Land. I have something important to do."
"Can you wait a little longer? I'll go after I've completely refined the Light of Creation, "Luo Zheng said.
"Sure!"
After Xun finished speaking, he lifted his gaze slightly and looked at Yun Luo who was in the audience.
Yun Luo had been quietly observing everything in the arena from the beginning to the end. Her expression did not change at all from the beginning to the end. Now, when Xun and Yun Luo looked at each other, their eyes flickered slightly.
Then, Xun walked toward Yun Luo.
"I know you," Xun said calmly.
Xun's body constantly emitted an invisible aura. This aura did not come from the soul. Instead, it was the aura of a king that had been nurtured for countless years.
Facing this aura, a slightly weaker creature would not be able to resist kneeling on the ground in front of Xun. However, Yun Luo did not seem to be affected by this aura at all. She still said calmly, "I know, I also know you."
"I hope you can succeed," Xun said something inexplicable.
Yun Luo blinked and looked at Xun, "If I can succeed, I'll help you."
"Thank you," Xun nodded and unexpectedly revealed a trace of a smile.
The conversation between the two was inexplicable and completely confusing. However, Luo Zheng, who was standing on the side, heard some mysteries.
According to Fei 'er, the king of the Demon Night Clan was not from this world. Instead, he came from the upper world and was the king of all the Demon Night Clan!
Since Xun and Yun Luo knew each other, then Yun Luo should also have come from the upper world. The two of them should have known each other in the upper world.
However, why was there a Yun Luo in the Central Domain and another Yun Luo in the Sea God Continent? It seemed that he could only find an opportunity to ask Yao Ye this question.
After speaking with Yun Luo, Xun said to Ling Yan, "After Luo Zheng refines the Light of Creation, we'll go to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land."
Ling Yan, Bai Huan, and Lord Mei bowed towards Xun and said in unison, "As our king commands!"
Afterwards, Xun suddenly turned into red specks of light and entered Luo Zheng's body.
After Luo Zheng put away the Saint Tier sword he threw out, he walked towards Xia Shuang again.
Before he even got close, a warm smile had already appeared on Xia Shuang's face. It was as if she was looking at a human hero returning in triumph.
"Thank you," Luo Zheng said to Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe.
Actually, the appearance of Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, the two leaders of the Human Race, did not change the situation at all. However, the Human Race still stepped forward bravely at his most dangerous moment and tried their best to protect him!
Luo Zheng naturally had to thank them. Now, Luo Zheng would definitely give the Human Race a push.
If they were as arrogant as Xing Hui and did not come out when he was in danger and only treated him as one of the Human Race when there were benefits, then Luo Zheng would not appreciate it at all and would not care about the status of being part of the Human Race!
"We're all part of the Human Race. This is what we should do." Zhou Zhuohe suddenly said, "Unfortunately, the Human Race is too weak and cannot fight against the Devil Race. Even if we wanted to step forward just now, we were powerless."
"It's not your fault. It's already difficult for you to be willing to step forward at this time." Luo Zheng shook his head.
If Luo Zheng was really killed, the Demon Night Clan would not be in too much trouble. The Human Race would be in the most trouble. They would definitely have to face the crazy revenge of the Devil Race. The humans in the Sin Tower would suffer, and even the Purple Heart Holy Land would be implicated. The Devil Race might even use this opportunity to completely wipe out the Human Holy Land. For the Twin Demon Holy Land, this was not too difficult. They just had to deal with the few Divine Sea Realm old monsters of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
"I'll make a trip to the Purple Heart Holy Land, but before that, I'm afraid I'll have to go to the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Feather Holy Land first. Let's talk about it when I come back." Luo Zheng smiled and made a promise.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a trace of gratitude appeared in the hearts of the two Peak War Elder s. To think that a War Elder would be so grateful to a Warrior, this was something that was unprecedented …
The two of them clearly understood the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words. Since Luo Zheng had already reached this step, he should be leading the Human Race to rise. Although only two Demon Battle Saints had died today, they believed that in the near future, the entire Sin Tower would be reshuffled!
Then Luo Zheng turned around and left. He wanted to rent a cultivation room to slowly cultivate.
Seeing Luo Zheng's back slowly leave, Xia Shuang wanted to say something, but when the words reached her mouth, she was suddenly speechless. In the end, she did not say anything.
In the cultivation room, Luo Zheng sat quietly. Suddenly, a helpless smile appeared on his face.
He suddenly realized that his body was very crowded. Not only were there nine True Dragons in his mind, there was also a mysterious furnace of unknown origin. The Sword Spirit in his body was actually the "King" of the Demon Night Clan, and it also had its own consciousness …
This was really lively!
After shaking his head, Luo Zheng took out the Light of Creation from his nameplate and began to slowly refine it.
Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang were the strongest among the tenth level Battle Generals. In the previous battles, the two of them had not tasted defeat. The amount of Light of Creation in their nameplates was not an ordinary amount!
When Luo Zheng took out the Light of Creation, the blazing white light was unimaginably dense!
"With so much Light of Creation, I should be able to break through!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's True Yuan suddenly circulated. Traces of True Yuan continuously refined the Light of Creation and poured it into Luo Zheng's body …
Three days later, Luo Zheng left the cultivation room. When Luo Zheng came out again, Mu Qing Yang, who was standing at the entrance of the cultivation room, gave him a bright smile.
The Demon Night Clan was waiting for Luo Zheng to come out.
Of course, the Demon Night Clan was not interested in Luo Zheng himself, but the sword spirit within Luo Zheng's body, Xun.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to Mu Qing Yang, "Let's go."
Although Luo Zheng's time was tight, since he promised to take Xun to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land, he would naturally do it.
Moreover, there was still some time before the Mysterious Underworld Cave opened. Even if Luo Zheng wanted to return to the Central Domain, he would have to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave and obtain the inheritance within. Therefore, Luo Zheng still had plenty of time.
Under Mu Qing Yang's lead, Luo Zheng returned to the first floor of the Sin Tower. After waiting at the entrance for a while, Ling Yan, who was ranked first among the seat controllers, came over with two peak War Reverends.
After the few of them met up, they left the Sin Tower and headed south of the Cursed Lands.
Flying was forbidden in the Cursed Lands. If one tried to fly by force, there would be a terrifying force pressing down on them. When Luo Zheng had just entered the Sin Tower, he had also suffered from this. Therefore, they could only choose to walk.
However, with the strength of their legs, they managed to cover quite a distance after a few hours. Soon, a large teleportation array appeared in front of them.
Mu Qingyang was the first to step forward. He took out True Origin Stones from his pocket and placed them on the Teleportation Array. After the True Origin Stones were placed, the entire Teleportation Array suddenly burst into light.
"Let's go in." Ling Yan nodded to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng immediately stepped into the teleportation formation. He naturally knew that this was the teleportation formation that led to the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Feather Sacred Land.
Then, a blue light enveloped Luo Zheng and the few of them continuously traveled through the teleportation formation. After an incense stick's worth of time, they reached the end of the teleportation formation. When the light dissipated, Luo Zheng smelled a faint fragrance of flowers.
The scenery here was very different from the Cursed Lands.
In the Cursed Lands, other than the various races, there was no life. Here, there were emerald green jungles everywhere. All kinds of plants grew luxuriantly, and colorful flowers bloomed regardless of season. It was as beautiful as a paradise on earth.
When Luo Zheng raised his head, he saw a huge tree in the distance.
"That tree is …" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's our Demon Night Clan's Sacred Tree. Every Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land will nurture a Sacred Tree," Mu Qing Yang explained with a smile.
The Demon Night Clan's reproduction method was completely different from what Luo Zheng had imagined. After the Demon Night Clan's members were born, they would be placed in the Sacred Tree and rely on the Sacred Tree to absorb the essence of heaven and earth. The Demon Night Clan's members who slowly grew in the Sacred Tree had stronger physiques than other clans. Moreover, from the moment they were born, there were no impurities in their bodies. They were natural born Xiantian lifeforms.
This was the reason why the Demon Night Clan's members were much stronger than other clans.
However, in the Great Thousand World, there was a delicate balance. The Demon Night Clan's members were strong, but their reproduction ability was very weak. Even though the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land was called a Rank Seven Sacred Land, there were only about a million Demon Night Clan members in the entire Sacred Land.
As for the human Purple Heart Sacred Land, it had just entered the Rank Six Sacred Land, but its population was a hundred times more than the Demon Night Clan's!
At that moment, the red light beside Luo Zheng flashed. Specks of light slowly condensed and Xun's figure slowly took shape.
When Xun appeared, Mu Qing Yang, Ling Yan, and the others seemed to reflexively kneel in front of her.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless. Did they have to keep kneeling like this?
Xun didn't pay attention to them at all. She just looked at the Sacred Tree in the distance and said indifferently, "Get up." Then she said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go!"
Then Luo Zheng jumped up and sped through the air with Xun.
As for Ling Yan, Mu Qing Yang, and the others, they also flew up and followed behind.
During the flight, Luo Zheng suddenly approached Xun and asked, "You … How do you know Yun Luo?"
Xun glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and answered, "Because I know her."
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and could only ask again, "I've seen another Yun Luo in the Central Domain. They look exactly the same. What's going on? Are they the same person? "
"Yes." Xun nodded. "Yes, they are the same person."
"But …" Luo Zheng was about to say something.
Xun continued, "There are many cultivation methods in the Upper Realm. Some of them may seem inconceivable to you, but there's actually more than one Yun Luo. If you look carefully in the Lower Realm, you might be able to find a million Yun Luos."
"A million Yun Luos?" Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng's mouth gaped open.
Xun nodded and said, "Maybe I've underestimated her. Moreover, these million Yun Luos are indeed her."
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It's very simple. It's because Yun Luo used a special secret method to sever millions of swords on herself. She divided her soul into millions of parts, and then divided them into many Upper Realms to cultivate and accumulate combat experience and experience." Xun said indifferently, "At a specific time, Yun Luo will retrieve all her clones. At that time, Yun Luo's cultivation will grow to a terrifying level!"
These words once again made Luo Zheng speechless.
No wonder …
When he first met Yun Luo in White Emperor City in the Eastern Region, Yun Luo had been constantly killing demons to gain experience.
And Yun Luo, who was in the Tower of Sin, was constantly fighting in the arena. Yun Luo had so many Light of Creation, but she never tried to refine them. Her cultivation had been maintained at the level of a tenth-level warlord, as if it would never improve!
Unexpectedly, these were all Yun Luo's clones …
With so many clones cultivating at the same time and then retrieving them at the same time, how much experience could they accumulate?
Luo Zheng found it hard to imagine. He could only sigh at how big the world was. There were simply too many geniuses in the Upper Realm. They were actually able to come up with such an unimaginable cultivation method.
Flying was naturally several times faster than walking. Although the Holy Tree looked very far away, they arrived in an incense stick's worth of time.
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had probably received the news in advance. Many members of the Yao Night Clan were standing on top of the Holy Tree, waiting for them.
At the end of the Holy Tree's thickest trunk, a crimson carpet was laid out along the trunk. At the end of the carpet, there was a Yao Night Clan woman wearing purple clothes, standing there quietly.
Even though Luo Zheng was thousands of feet away from the woman, Luo Zheng could still feel the aura she emitted!
That aura was not overbearing, but it made people feel incomparably heavy. Even compared to the Battle Sages of the Demon Race and Cui Xie, who was at the Life and Death Realm, this aura was countless times stronger!