Divine Sea Realm experts were peak existences in the Great Thousand Worlds!
Once they reached the Life and Death Realm or the Battle Saint realm, they would become a threat to the stability of the Great Thousand Worlds if their strength increased any further. Thus, they would encounter a 'Great Tribulation of Life and Death'!
The so-called 'Great Tribulation of Life and Death' was actually the punishment of the Great Thousand Worlds after the Great Thousand Worlds sensed danger!
After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, the punishment of the Great Thousand Worlds would no longer be able to restrain such experts, so they would be expelled. This was called 'Ascension in Broad Sky'.
However, there were still certain conditions for a Spirit Sea Realm warrior to ascend to the Upper World. Tian Yu's talent was amazing. It only took her a little more than two hundred years to cultivate from a Xiantian Realm warrior to a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. For her, ascension was still far away.
After Luo Zheng and Xun landed on the thick branch, the huge Holy Tree began to shake.
The Holy Tree was as large as a castle, and it shook like the mountains were shaking. At the same time, Liu Yu knelt down on one knee and said softly, "Welcome, my Queen."
Xun nodded calmly even in the face of a Divine Sea Realm expert's kowtow. Her expression didn't change at all, as if everything was natural.
After Liu Yu knelt down, the other Divine Sea Realm experts behind Liu Yu also knelt down. The Battle Saints of the Yao Night Clan on the other branches also knelt down.
On the Holy Tree, over a hundred thousand Yao Night Clan members knelt down at the same time!
Every single Yao Night Clan member had an incomparably pious expression on their faces.
The three 'Kings' of the Yao Night Clan were supreme existences to all Yao Night Clan members. In the millions of lower realms, the Yao Night Clan had countless Holy Lands, but the three Kings of the Yao Night Clan rarely visited the Yao Night Clan in person!
For Xun to visit the Heavenly Feather Holy Land in person, she was a supreme existence to all Yao Night Clan members!
The shaking of the Holy Tree continued to intensify, and the thick branches began to shake violently. However, Luo Zheng felt a great attraction force coming from the branches of the Holy Tree, and his feet were firmly attached to it. No matter how the Holy Tree shook, it wouldn't throw him off.
While the Holy Tree was shaking, a clearly visible vein appeared on the branches of the Holy Tree. Green rays of light followed the vein and converged on the trunk of the Holy Tree. Finally, the green rays of light continued to climb along the trunk, and finally all the green rays of light were transmitted to the branch where Luo Zheng was.
When it reached the end of the branch, the light gushed out and enveloped Smoky.
"This is …" Luo Zheng opened his mouth wide.
"This is the life force of the Sacred Tree," Mu Qingyang explained.
"Hualala …"
While the Light of Life was constantly being extracted, the originally lush green leaves on the Holy Tree were withering at a speed visible to the naked eye, falling to the ground in disarray.
It was as if spring had just arrived, and in the blink of an eye, spring had arrived!
Luo Zheng noticed that it wasn't just the huge Holy Tree that was withering. Many of the plants around the Holy Tree were also withering and turning yellow.
"If we extract the life force of the Holy Tree like this, then won't the Holy Tree also …" Looking at the withering Holy Tree, Luo Zheng was stunned.
Mu Qingyang didn't find it strange and said, "The life force of the Holy Tree is indeed very precious, and we rarely extract it. We only extract a small amount every year when we bring the newborn babies to the Holy Tree. However, our King's soul in your Sword Spirit is extremely weak, and he also suffered quite a bit of damage. This time, we will extract 90% of the Holy Tree's life force."
Seeing Luo Zheng's shocked expression, Mu Qingyang continued to smile and said, "It's alright, the Holy Tree's life force is very strong, and it won't wither because of this. It will completely recover in two or three years at most."
"So it's like that." Luo Zheng nodded.
Xun continued to absorb the life force within the Holy Tree. This kind of pure life force was very easy to absorb, and in the blink of an eye, a huge amount of green light was completely absorbed by Xun.
After absorbing the green light, Xun lowered her head and looked at Liu Yu. She said indifferently, "Stand up, and bring me to the King Statue."
"Yes, my King." Liu Yu nodded.
The number one genius of the Sea God Continent, the leader of the Sky Feather Holy Land, stood up respectfully and carefully led Xun on the crimson carpet.
Ling Yan, Mu Qingyang, and Luo Zheng followed behind them.
As for the hundreds of thousands of Yao Ye clansmen below, they were still prostrating themselves on the ground.
Walking along the crimson carpet on the tree trunk, it didn't take long for them to reach the main trunk of the Holy Tree. Inside the main trunk was a hollowed out palace.
After Liu Yu led Xun, Luo Zheng, and the others into the palace, the Yao Ye clansmen who had been prostrating on the ground stood up.
The Yao Ye clansmen, who had been completely silent, suddenly became excited.
"I saw the King! It really is the King! She looks exactly the same as the King Statue! "
"Why has the King come to our Sky Feather Holy Land? She's the King of Slaughter in our Yao Ye Clan. I remember that among the three King Statues, her King Statue seems to be dim … "
"Shh, don't speak nonsense! If you're heard, you'll be punished! "
"Something must have happened in the Upper Realm. Otherwise, how could our King, a Sword Spirit, live in a human's body?"
Actually, these speculations had begun to circulate as soon as Fei 'er notified the Sky Feather Holy Land.
The King Statue flickered with eternal holy light, and it never dimmed day or night.
However, in recent years, the King Statue had suddenly dimmed. This was an ominous sign. It wasn't just the Sky Feather Holy Land; Xun's King Statue in the other Greater Thousand Worlds had also dimmed!
A long time ago, many people from the Yao Night Clan had guessed that some sort of unexpected event had occurred in the Yao Night Clan from the Upper Realms.
Unfortunately, this wasn't something they could guess.
However, because of Xun's sudden arrival, their guesses had been confirmed. However, Liu Yu and the others naturally didn't have the right to ask why Xun had become like this.
After entering the enormous palace, Xun walked towards the center of the palace.
In the center of the palace, there were three enormous statues. All three statues were of female members of the Yao Ye Clan.
The three statues were very lifelike, and each of them had their own luster. The first statue was holding a huge scepter, and its whole body was emitting a faint green halo. Just by getting close to the green statue, one could feel the vigorous life force within it.
"This is the King of Life in our Yao Ye Clan," Mu Qingyang said when he saw Luo Zheng's gaze on the statue.
Luo Zheng nodded, and his gaze shifted to the second statue. The second statue radiated a dark blue light, and she held a murderous meteor hammer! It was hard to imagine that the Yao Ye Clan would use such a barbaric and cruel weapon.
"She's the King of Punishments in our clan," Mu Qingyang said.
"I see." Luo Zheng continued to look at the last statue.
The last statue was completely red, but the only difference was that the red light it emitted was very dim. It was far less dazzling than the other two statues!
This statue's appearance and body were almost exactly the same as Xun's!
"No wonder the Nightfiend clan was able to tell at a glance that Xun was the king of the Nightfiend clan. They do look exactly the same," Luo Zheng thought to himself. But … why was Xun's statue holding a spear?
Wasn't Xun a swordsman?
Back then, Luo Zheng had unexpectedly obtained a sword spirit after entering the Massacre Sword Mountain. The only place where Luo Zheng and Xun communicated was the Massacre Sword Mountain.
Since Xun had entered the Massacre Sword Mountain, she must have comprehended the perfect sword intent. She must be a swordsman. However, it seemed that her main weapon wasn't a sword, but a spear?
While Luo Zheng was puzzled, Xun stopped in front of her statue. She suddenly turned around and said to Liu Yu, "You can all leave. Luo Zheng, stay. Without my order, no one is allowed to enter the palace."
As Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Xun couldn't stay too far away from Luo Zheng, so Luo Zheng naturally had to stay.
"Yes, my King. Without your order, no one is allowed to enter the palace." Liu Yu nodded and immediately led Ling Yan and the others, as well as the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators behind them, out of the palace.
(Thank you, Miss Lai Ping Yi Bao 1699 for the tip. Thank you, Tiger Soul 1K for the tip and blessings. Thank you, Uncle Cai, Lian Jiang, Fang Liang, Ceng Jiang, Xiao Sa, Lei Qiyan for the tip and blessings!)
(My heart warms! I'll get double the monthly votes for the next few days. If you have a monthly vote in your account … I'll quietly ask for one ^ _ ^ Happy New Year, everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝