Only Luo Zheng and his "sword spirit" were left in the empty palace.
The natural aura of a ruler slowly dissipated from Xun's body. At this moment, she looked like an ordinary girl from the Yaoye clan.
Ever since Xun spoke in the Tower of Sin, the two of them hadn't talked much.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and asked, "The weapon on the statue is a spear. Why is your sword on the Killing Sword Mountain?"
"That is the Holy Spear of Destiny of the Yaoye clan. Before I turned 18, I cultivated the sword," Xun replied.
So that's why …
Xun's simple answer solved the mystery in Luo Zheng's heart.
If Xun was the ruler of the Yaoye clan, then with her strength, she definitely wouldn't have just stuck her sword on the Killing Sword Mountain. She should have been able to climb to the peak!
It could only be said that when she comprehended the perfect sword intent, her cultivation wasn't very high. In the end, she only managed to climb up the Killing Sword Mountain.
"But why did you become like this …"
Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth when Xun said indifferently, "No need to ask. You'll know soon enough."
After speaking, Xun walked towards the azure statue. She raised her hand and a faint light blossomed from her hand. A strange rune appeared in the light. Then, she slapped it heavily on the azure statue.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
An intense and dazzling blue light suddenly erupted from the azure statue.
Luo Zheng's eyes had been baptized by the sap of the Tree of God, so he could clearly see the changes in the statue through the blue light.
"This is …"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened. He saw that the azure statue actually looked like a living person. After blinking a few times, the blue light gradually dimmed. Then, a faint smile appeared on the statue's face.
"Xun should be communicating with another ruler of the Yaoye clan," Luo Zheng guessed. Perhaps the Yaoye clan's many sacred lands in the lower realm maintained contact with the upper realm through these three statues.
For a clan, this method was very useful. Perhaps the upper realm couldn't transmit resources to the lower realm, but the statues could transmit information that the lower realm shouldn't have, such as secret cultivation methods and so on.
Was Kaoru seeking the help of another king?
Xun said to the statue with a cold tone, "Bitch, you didn't expect me to still be alive, did you?"
"Hahaha." The azure statue seemed to be alive as it covered its mouth and laughed. "You little bitch, you're still alive. Eh? There's only one Divine Clone, and it's someone else's Sword Spirit! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng almost fell to the ground.
The azure statue was the Demon Night Clan's King of Punishment, while He Xun was the King of Slaughter. Luo Zheng didn't expect the two of them to curse like shrews on the streets. How could he endure this? No wonder Xun wanted all the members of the Demon Night Clan to leave.
However, Xun didn't care about Luo Zheng's gaze at all. Her expression was unusually excited. "So what if there's only one avatar? Killing a slut like you only requires a split of my Divine Sense! "
The statue sized up Xun with a mocking expression on its face. "I've destroyed your Slaughter True Body, how are you going to kill me? I remember now … Sword Spirit, you're a swordsman who cultivates the sword, that's why this Divine Clone of yours must have been hiding in the Slaughter Sword Mountain, right? With your current appearance, let alone killing your way back, you're just a Divine Core human boy. I don't think you can even leave this world! "
Hearing the statue's words, Xun's furious expression dimmed down. But, in an instant, a cold smile emerged on her face, "Is that so? Bitch, look at this man next to me, see if I can leave this world! "
The statue turned its head and looked at Luo Zheng. "You're just a Divine Core human, do you think …"
When the statue sized up Luo Zheng, it suddenly stopped talking.
"Bitch, open your dog eyes and take a good look!" Xun continued with a sneer.
The king statue had a mocking smile on her face from beginning to end, but when she carefully sized up Luo Zheng, the smile on her face gradually disappeared and was replaced by a face full of resentment. "I really didn't expect your luck to be so good! You even managed to find someone with the Fate of Battle of the Worlds! "
"What? Are you jealous of me? Bitch! "Xun scolded with a cold voice.
The statue suddenly roared out in a hysterical manner. "That's right, I'm jealous of you, I've been jealous of you since I was young! Why is it that your luck has always been better than mine? I'm not worse than you in any way, but you've always gotten better things than me! This is the reason why I want to destroy you! So what if you found someone with the Fate of Battle of the Worlds? You don't have the ability to turn the tables! "
Xun coldly harrumphed. "Whether I have the ability or not, let's wait and see!"
"Wait and see? Do you really think I'll give a little bitch like you a chance?! " The King statue suddenly moved and swung the meteor hammer at Luo Zheng's head!
Luo Zheng felt a headache coming on when he heard the two Kings of the Fiend Night Clan curse at each other. He never expected that the statue would actually attack him, which gave him a fright!
Seeing that the meteor hammer was about to land on his head, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He suddenly twisted his body and dodged the meteor hammer, but a large hole appeared in the ground.
However, when the statue pulled the meteor hammer out of the crater, several of the spikes on the hammer broke off.
After all, the King statue was not an Immortal Artifact or a Saint Artifact. It was impossible to carve such a hard material. Although the King of the Fiend Night Clan had used a great divine ability to attach to the statue, due to the "material" she was made of, she did not pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng.
When the King statue swung the meteor hammer at him a second time, Luo Zheng suddenly punched out and smashed the meteor hammer into pieces …
However, Luo Zheng did not say anything. The grudge between the two women of the Fiend Night Clan was a little strange to Luo Zheng. It would be unwise for him to get involved.
"Sword!"
At this moment, Xun stretched out her hand towards Luo Zheng.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew that Xun wanted the Fiend Blood Emperor's black greatsword from him. He nodded and tossed it to Xun.
With the greatsword in hand, Xun leapt up and floated above the statue's head. She clicked her tongue and said coldly, "You think you can kill a War of the Worlds with just this statue? Bitch, you're always so naive!"
The statue snorted. "So what if I did? Didn't I win in the end? As long as I kill your last Spirit Clone, the Fiend Night Clan will choose a new King of Slaughter. You're destined to become history! "
"Then give it a try, bitch!" After saying that, Xun raised the greatsword in her hand and slashed it down on the statue's head, splitting it in half. The shattered pieces of the statue splattered all over the ground.
Only half of the statue remained. However, half of the head still opened its mouth and said, "Then I'll wait for you … You little bitch …"
"Kacha!"
The black greatsword smashed the half of the head into pieces. Then, Xun stabbed the sword into the ground. Her ruthless aura completely dissipated. She looked at Luo Zheng with eyes full of bitterness.
Luo Zheng pouted. He really did not know what to say …
After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng said, "You, you came here just to quarrel with her?"
Xun nodded and admitted it. "Yes!"
Although Luo Zheng had already determined from the conversation between the two of them that she was here to quarrel, such a weird way of quarreling still made Luo Zheng fall to the ground.
"But …" Luo Zheng spread his hands. He looked at Xun's expression and wanted to say something to comfort her. However, he did not know about the conflict between Xun and that woman.
"You'll help me, right?" Xun looked at Luo Zheng in a daze. This was the first time she had asked Luo Zheng for a favor.
This was an internal strife of the Fiend Night Clan. Luo Zheng would not be wise to rashly get involved in this!
The Fiend Night Clan was a large clan that was not inferior to the True Dragon Clan!
Since the three statues in front of him were the Kings of the Fiend Night Clan, their strength was far beyond what Luo Zheng could estimate …
"I'm afraid I'm not strong enough," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Although Luo Zheng had just become a champion, his strength was clearly not enough. Not to mention the King who controlled punishment, even Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and many other Divine Ocean Realm cultivators could crush him with a single finger!
Xun stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You're indeed not strong enough right now. However, you're the most important chess piece. You'll eventually return to your position!"