"Chess piece?"
Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"Yes, the Era of Evolution has begun! Many geniuses have appeared in the world, and you bear the destiny of the Era of Evolution. As long as you don't die, you are destined to become the main character of this era! "Xun said seriously.
Regarding this Battle of the Great Era, Luo Zheng had always vaguely understood it.
Both Qinglong and Immortal Tian Miao were secretive about it. Every time they talked about the key points, they wouldn't talk about it. Luo Zheng couldn't understand the whole truth.
"The Era of Evolution? What's the meaning of that? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Xun said lightly, "Haven't you noticed that there are many geniuses in this era? Even in this Great Thousand World, there are countless geniuses who suddenly appear, not to mention the millions of Great Thousand Worlds and many Upper Realms. "
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng immediately understood. She was right!
Since Luo Zheng had come from the Blue Cloud Sect, he had seen many geniuses appear out of nowhere.
The Blue Cloud Sect was only a small second-grade sect. In the past competitions of all sects, it was rare to see someone with the Great Achievement Sword Intent. There had never been a swordsman with the Perfect Achievement Sword Intent. However, in the last competition of the Blue Cloud Sect, there were two such swordsmen. One was Luo Zheng himself, and the other was Hua Tianming.
Not only the Blue Cloud Sect, but also various god-level geniuses appeared in the Martial Arts Competition held on the Rising Dragon Platform!
According to the classification of talents in the Central Domain, as long as a god-level genius didn't die, he was destined to enter the Spirit Sea Realm. However, for so many years, no one in the Central Domain had ever reached the Spirit Sea Realm!
Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who found it strange. All the sects in the Central Domain were also puzzled. What was wrong with this world?
After listening to Xun's explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood that the Era of Evolution was coming …
"I need you to help me," Xun stared at Luo Zheng and said. Her face was full of stubbornness. She bit her lip and said, "Please!"
Who would have thought that the high and mighty king of the Demon Night Clan, the king of slaughter, would beg someone for help?
As he gazed at Xun's miserable yet persistent expression, Luo Zheng's heart thumped slightly. He knew clearly that agreeing to Xun's request wasn't a wise choice. After all, Xun only had a strand of her soul left. Her identity might be useful in the Lower Realm, but once they returned to the Upper Realm, Luo Zheng might have to face the entire Nightfiend Clan!
This race may be even more powerful than human beings. Luo Zheng still looked hesitant.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xun was slightly disappointed. She pursed her lips and said sadly, "That's right. I'm just your sword spirit. I'm not your sister, and I'm not someone you care about. Moreover, to you, I'm still an alien …"
As Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Xun had always been hiding in Luo Zheng's body. Naturally, she knew everything that had happened to Luo Zheng.
Of course, she knew that if it were Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie, or even Princess Su Lingyun of the Sky-Burning Empire, Luo Zheng would have done everything he could to help. He was not someone who didn't care about relationships!
Xun was only Luo Zheng's sword spirit. She didn't have any feelings for Luo Zheng …
At this moment, an old voice suddenly floated out of Luo Zheng's mind, "Little girl, Luo Zheng can help you."
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Actually, he really wanted to help Xun, but he was hesitant. The path of a warrior was extremely difficult. There were dangers everywhere. Even if he was lucky, one wrong step could lead to his doom. Even if he was lucky, he would still die, not to mention that he had the destiny of the Battle of the Ages!
Just like those god-level geniuses, they claimed that they would definitely reach the Divine Sea Realm. But how many of them actually reached the Divine Sea Realm? Probably less than one in a hundred!
Because if a god-level genius wanted to become a powerful warrior of the Divine Sea Realm, they had to "not die"!
Could Luo Zheng become the main character of this era? The premise was still "not die".
Faced with a race that was even more powerful than human beings, how could Luo Zheng agree so easily?
But just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, Qinglong suddenly answered for him. Luo Zheng was naturally puzzled.
Qinglong had always been wise and was known for its vast knowledge. Since it agreed to Xun's request on behalf of Luo Zheng, there must be a deeper meaning …
Xun wasn't surprised by the voice in Luo Zheng's mind. Although Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit and couldn't enter Luo Zheng's mind, Luo Zheng had borrowed the help of Qinglong's soul many times when he was drawing runes.
With Xun's vision, she could see where the soul belonged.
Hearing that voice, Xun stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You agreeing is useless. Luo Zheng agreeing is useful!"
"Luo Zheng, agree to her request. The Fiendish Night Clan will be of great help to you. If you can really help her regain her throne, you will benefit a lot in the future," Qinglong said calmly.
"I don't care about benefits," Luo Zheng said seriously, "What's more, as my sword spirit, you have saved my life many times! I can't promise you too much, but if I have the ability in the future, I can help you! "
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, Xun's gloomy face suddenly lit up as if a ray of light shone on her face. She gazed at Luo Zheng and finally lowered her head and said, "Thank you …"
Luo Zheng smiled. "But you are still a sword spirit. You can't always be my sword spirit and stay in my body, right?"
"I will think of a way to reconstruct my body, but I can't do it right now," Xun said after thinking for a while.
Being a sword spirit was indeed a bit troublesome for Xun, but its advantages were obvious. As a sword spirit, she couldn't be killed. Even if she was cut into pieces, she could still easily recover. As long as Luo Zheng didn't die, she would be an immortal existence.
However, she could only hide in Luo Zheng's body. Even if she revealed her true form, she would have to keep a certain distance from Luo Zheng.
However, reconstructing her body wasn't a simple matter. She could only rely on her luck in the future to see if she had the chance.
At this moment, Xun suddenly said, "Isn't your biggest goal now to save your sister? I can order Liu Yu to bring the Fiendish Night Clan to the Central Domain and help you kill Cui Xie. "
"Help me kill Cui Xie?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly jumped.
Xun's suggestion was indeed feasible!
Cui Xie's cultivation was at the Life and Death Realm, and he had only passed the third layer of the Life and Death Tribulation.
His strength was roughly equivalent to a third level Battle-Saint!
In the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground, there were at least a million third level Battle-Saints. Even if Cui Xie's strength was far greater than an ordinary Battle-Saint's, the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground still had Liu Yu, a Divine Sea Realm expert.
With their strength, killing Cui Xie wouldn't be too difficult.
If Luo Zheng brought the Fiendish Night Clan's Holy Ground back to the Central Domain, they would probably be able to sweep through all the sects in the Central Domain.
The gap between a Holy Ground and a fifth grade sect was this big, not to mention that the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground was a seventh grade Holy Ground!
However, Luo Zheng still shook his head. His eyes were filled with determination. "Cui Xie has already become an obstacle in my Heart of Martial Dao. This obstacle … I have to clear it myself!"
Although the Heart of Martial Dao couldn't increase a cultivator's combat strength, it was extremely important for a cultivator. If the Heart of Martial Dao wasn't smooth, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to overcome this knot in his heart. This knot would eventually become Luo Zheng's Heart Demon, becoming the biggest obstacle in his life!
This kind of obstacle could cause Luo Zheng's cultivation to be unable to progress. In the worst case, it could cause Luo Zheng's cultivation to go berserk and die at a critical moment.
When Cui Xie transformed into a giant face and appeared in the sky above the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had already sworn to himself that he would personally take Cui Xie's life while he was still alive!
"I won't use the hands of others to kill Cui Xie," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
With Xun's experience, she naturally understood the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words. Since she had already obtained a promise from Luo Zheng, Xun's goal had already been achieved to a certain extent.
She was the King of Slaughter, and her Slaughter True Body had been destroyed due to her carelessness. She was already in a situation where she had lost everything.
Because this clone of hers hadn't dispersed, even though her statue was dim and lusterless, it still hadn't been extinguished. According to the rules of the Yaowe Clan, the next King of Slaughter would only be chosen if the glow within her statue vanished completely!
As long as her Soul Clone wasn't destroyed, she would have a sliver of hope to turn the tables. All of Xun's hopes were pinned on this human youth …
As such, from now on, Xun would naturally fully cooperate with Luo Zheng!
Xun then walked to the entrance of the palace and allowed the Yao Night Clan members outside to enter.
When Liu Yu and the others saw the shattered statue and the giant black sword stabbed into the ground, their expressions changed drastically.
The King Statue was a sacred object to the Yao Night Clan!
It wasn't that the material of the statue was precious, it was just that these statues were the symbol of their faith. Normally, if anyone accidentally touched a king statue, they would receive the most severe punishment. Now that it had been shattered, how could their expressions not change?
However …
The giant black sword was Xun's weapon.
Many of the Yao Night Clan members had seen it in the Tower of Sin. It seemed that their King had personally shattered the statue.
Why was this so?
Was there some kind of conflict between the two Kings?
Liu Yu and the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators guessed, but they didn't dare to directly ask Xun what had happened.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but laugh inwardly when he saw the expressions on Liu Yu and the others' faces. 'I wonder what your expressions would be like if you saw the two high and mighty Kings of your Night Demon Clan cursing and swearing like shrews …'
"Clean it up. Don't erect this statue again," Xun said calmly. She had regained her arrogant expression and was emitting the aura of a King.
"Don't erect it anymore?" Liu Yu was stunned.
The three King Statues couldn't be missing. This was the rule of the Yao Night Clan's Holy Lands. How could they not erect it?
If anyone else had said this, they would have been executed by the Yao Night Clan …
The problem was that their "King" had said it herself.
Xun thought about it and sighed. "Forget it. Let's just carve another one. Remember, make it uglier!"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng almost laughed out loud. This woman was truly terrifying. Once she developed a grudge against someone, she wouldn't stop until one of them was dead!
Liu Yu and the others, on the other hand, had a look of fear and trepidation on their faces, as if they did not know what to do.
Xun calmly walked in the front while Luo Zheng followed behind her. The higher-ups of the Yao Night Clan followed closely behind them.
The Yao Night Clan's King acted one way in front of Luo Zheng, but acted another way in front of others.
This giant Holy Tree was hollow in the middle. Within the Holy Tree's trunk was a palace that was over a hundred stories tall.
Under Xun's request, Liu Yu led Luo Zheng to the treasury of the Yao Night Clan's Holy Lands to choose a weapon.
Even though the Demon Blood Emperor's greatsword was powerful, it wasn't of a high grade. Furthermore, when he fought with Mu Qingyang in the Tower of Sins, Mu Qingyang's claw had left a few deep grooves on it. Even though it could still be used, it might break at any moment. Right now, Xun needed to choose a weapon.
A Rank 7 Holy Land's foundation far surpassed that of the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect.
In the Central Domain, low-grade Saint weapons were extremely rare. However, they weren't rare on the Sea God's Continent. Therefore, when the Demon Race offered ten Saint weapons in exchange for Luo Zheng's life in the Tower of Sin, Zhao Fenqin immediately rejected the offer.
After passing through the top floor and the roots of the Holy Tree, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the treasury of the Yao Night Clan.
When Luo Zheng entered the treasury of the Rank 7 Holy Land, he couldn't help but sigh.
In the center of the treasure vault, there was a huge luminous pearl that emitted a gentle glow. Surrounding the luminous pearl were a dozen swords that were stabbed into the ground at a slanted angle!
All of them were Saint weapons!
"My Queen, the best weapon in our Sky Feather Holy Land is a high-grade Saint weapon," Liu Yu introduced.
"Take a look," Xun said calmly.
Liu Yu nodded. He led Luo Zheng and Xun to the back of the luminous pearl. Then, he reached out and pulled out a long box from the ground. After placing the box on the ground, Liu Yu casually opened it and pulled out a longsword.
It was a pale golden longsword, and the blade was shining with an ancient light.
"I obtained this high-grade Saint weapon from the Xuanming Cave. However, I'm not good with swords, so I sealed it here," Liu Yu said.
"Good sword!" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
A high-grade Saint weapon actually came from the Xuanming Cave. What kind of opportunities existed in the Xuanming Cave?
Xun looked at the pale golden longsword with an indifferent gaze. She gently extended her slender fingers.
Liu Yu held the longsword with both hands and respectfully handed it to Xun. Then, he retreated to the side.
Xun gently waved the pale golden longsword in a circle. Finally, she shook her head. "I have no use for this sword. I'll give it to Luo Zheng."
Hearing Xun's words, Liu Yu's face showed a trace of depression. Give a high-grade Saint weapon to this human warrior?
Although Liu Yu knew that the Queen and Luo Zheng were almost inseparable, she had used all her strength to obtain this sword in the Xuanming Cave. She had almost lost her life there to obtain this sword. Now, she was giving it to a foreign race warrior …
Naturally, she felt a little uncomfortable.
"Can't I?" Xun sensed Liu Yu's expression and said indifferently.
Liu Yu immediately lowered his head and said, "My Queen, it's up to you to decide who you want to give it to."
"Mm." Xun nodded. Then, she gave it to Luo Zheng.
The Yao Night Clan was like this. The entire clan was centered around the three Kings. This was because Xun and the other two Kings were the faith of thousands of people in the Yao Night Clan. They did not have any thoughts of disobedience.
Xun had only taken Liu Yu's sword. Even if Xun ordered Liu Yu to commit suicide, Liu Yu would not disobey!
From this, it could be seen that the structure of the Yao Night Clan was completely different from that of the human race.
Among humans, there was no absolute obedience. As long as the benefits of betrayal were great enough, even father and son could betray the other party, not to mention the other party.
Therefore, from this perspective, the Yao Night Clan was far more united than the human race! It was impossible for there to be a situation like in the Central Domain where the large sects attacked each other …
Just like that, he obtained a high-grade saint ranked sword. Luo Zheng's heart was pounding.
Although he had a low-grade Saint Grade sword, there was no end to weapons for cultivators. There was no best, only better!
"I don't need a sword now …" Xun shook her head and said, "I want to use my original weapon. I want a spear!"
When Xun was young, she did use a sword. However, when she was chosen as the King of the Yao Night Clan and started to control killing, she switched to using a spear. She had used a spear longer than she had used a sword, so it was much easier for her to use it.
At that time, Luo Zheng simply thought that Xun was her sword spirit and naturally gave her a sword. However, only by using a spear could Xun display her full strength!
Flowing Feather nodded. With a wave of her hand, an invisible force swept out, and a silver spear spiraled out of a box in the distance.
"This spear is the best spear in the Sky Feather Holy Land. Please have a look, my King." Liu Yu handed the spear to Xun.
This spear's grade couldn't compare to Luo Zheng's sword, but it wasn't low either. It was a mid-grade Saint Grade spear.
Xun held the silver spear in her hand and looked forward. Then, she stabbed the spear into the void!
An extremely unique energy fluctuation immediately pierced out!
That energy wave not only shocked Luo Zheng, but also shocked Liu Yu, who was a Divine Sea Realm cultivator.
Xun was a sword spirit, and a sword spirit's strength increased with its master's strength!
Although a sword spirit couldn't be divided into cultivation levels, it should be on par with Luo Zheng's or even slightly weaker than Luo Zheng's.
Xun's spear couldn't hurt a Divine Sea Realm cultivator like Liu Yu, but the power contained within it was far from what Liu Yu could comprehend.