She put away the silver spear and saw Luo Zheng's shocked expression. She said calmly, "It's a pity that you're a sword cultivator. Otherwise, I could teach you the spear techniques of the Yao Ye Clan."
Although Xun had been a sword cultivator before the age of twenty, the sword techniques she had cultivated back then were not the top-tier techniques of the Yao Ye Clan. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was a grown man, so it was difficult for him to display the agility of a sword dance. It was not as good as the sword techniques Luo Zheng had comprehended himself.
However, her spear techniques were different. It was one of the most elite techniques of the Yao Ye Clan.
Luo Zheng blinked. Since he had chosen the sword out of all the other weapons, he would not give it up so easily.
It was taboo for cultivators to be greedy. Moreover, if Luo Zheng wanted to practice the spear, he would have to start from scratch. It was like picking up a watermelon and throwing away a sesame seed. He would not do such a thing.
However, when Liu Yu heard this, she had a different feeling.
The techniques of the three kings of the Yao Ye Clan could not be taught to outsiders. Even the other kings of the Yao Ye Clan could not learn them. However, from the king's tone, she seemed to have no qualms …
Combined with the broken king statues in the palace, Liu Yu guessed that something big had happened in the Upper Realm.
Unfortunately, this was not something that Liu Yu could guess. Liu Yu might have been a leader in a seventh-rank holy land, but a Divine Sea Realm cultivator like her was nothing in the Yao Ye Clan after ascending. At most, she could be considered the leader of a small team.
Liu Yu was not qualified to participate in a battle between kings.
Unless Liu Yu could become a powerhouse of the Yao Ye Clan in the Upper Realm …
However, Liu Yu had already been tested on the Talent Monument. Although her name was high on the second row of the Talent Monument, this talent was indeed very shocking in the Sea God Continent. However, in the Upper Realm, it was just so-so.
At the very least, there were five names above Liu Yu's head back then. Now, there were even two additional names, Luo Zheng and Yun Luo. Although she did not enter the Sin Tower, the various spies the Holy Lands had planted were shuttling back and forth between the Holy Land and the Sin Tower. Everything that happened in the Sin Tower would be reported to the Holy Land.
Liu Yu naturally knew that Luo Zheng had kicked the two Battle-Saints out of the Tower of Sin in an instant.
Similarly, she did not dare to neglect this human brat in front of her. If Luo Zheng had the ability to kick any living being out of the Tower of Sin, then Luo Zheng was actually the true controller of the Tower of Sin!
All the races on the Sea God Continent were attached to the Tower of Sin.
Even Liu Yu had relied on the Tower of Sin to raise her cultivation base and fully display her talent to this day. At the same time, she had obtained a great opportunity in the Xuanming Cave, which allowed her to achieve her current status.
"I've finished choosing my weapon. Luo Zheng, you can continue to choose." Xun handed the spear to Luo Zheng and had Luo Zheng store it in his Sumeru Ring. She was still Luo Zheng's sword spirit and could not store anything. This spear could only be used when she needed to fight.
She wanted to get a spear today because she knew that Luo Zheng would face more and more pressure. With Xun's current strength, she might not be able to display even a millionth of her former strength. However, this spear could help Luo Zheng turn the situation around at a critical moment. This was the best she could do.
Although Luo Zheng already had a high-grade Sage Grade sword in his hand, after hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng still began to look around. Looking at the dazzling array of Immortal and Sage Grade weapons, Luo Zheng shook his head and finally asked, "Do you have any high-quality crystals?"
"Crystals?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's request, Liu Yu revealed a strange expression. Those crystals were used to inlay weapons. Could it be that Luo Zheng was a Tool Refiner? He wanted to refine magic weapons?
Of course, Luo Zheng was not a Tool Refiner.
Back in White Emperor City, Luo Zheng had obtained two crystals and inlaid them in his arms.
These two crystals had indeed been of great help to Luo Zheng. Phoenix Soaring Crystals were originally inlaid in weapons to reduce their weight and make them more flexible and faster. After being inlaid in Luo Zheng's body, they could greatly increase Luo Zheng's speed.
When Luo Zheng was at the Xiantian level, the Phoenix Soaring Crystals could greatly increase his speed. However, for the current Luo Zheng, the increase in speed was negligible.
As for the Blood Jade Crystals, although the energy contained in them could destroy barriers, the barriers Luo Zheng encountered now were often used to trap War Generals and War Venerables. A single Blood Jade Crystal was no longer of much use.
Therefore, Luo Zheng had been looking for an opportunity to replace the crystals inlaid in his arms. Now that Liu Yu had asked him to make a request, Luo Zheng naturally would not let go of this opportunity. Given the resources of a seventh-rank Holy Land, it shouldn't be difficult for them to take out two high-grade crystals.
"Yes, the crystals inlaid in weapons." Luo Zheng nodded.
"You want to inlay them in weapons?" Liu Yu asked curiously.
"You can say that …" Luo Zheng himself could be considered a weapon, so there was nothing wrong with saying this.
Liu Yu nodded to a nearby Demon Night Clan Battle Sage, who walked towards a corner of the treasury.
Liu Yu would personally take out a weapon for Luo Zheng, but as a Divine Sea Realm expert, she naturally wouldn't do it herself.
Not long after, the Battle-Saint took out an embroidered box from the corner of the treasury. Inside the embroidered box was a box of multicolored crystals. These crystals were of different shapes and sizes and were all polished to a certain size.
"Some of these crystals are Fire Condensing Crystals from the depths of active volcanoes, while others are Purple Cloud Crystals from deep sea trenches. They all have different effects, but how many do you need to match an Immortal Artifact or even a Sacred Artifact?"
According to Tian Yu's guess, either Luo Zheng himself was a Weapon Refiner, or he had a friend who was. If he simply used them to refine a weapon, there was still a chance of failure when inlaying the crystals. He would need at least 10 or 20 crystals, right?
However, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Two."
"Only two?" Tian Yu became more and more curious about Luo Zheng's request. Of course, Luo Zheng couldn't tell Liu Yu that he wanted to inlay these crystals in his body.
Following this, the Demon Night Clan's Battle-Saint introduced the crystals to Luo Zheng, allowing him to understand their uses. Luo Zheng picked out two of the crystals according to his needs.
Back then, Luo Zheng chose the Phoenix Soaring Crystal because Luo Zheng's speed was his shortcoming. However, now that Luo Zheng had comprehended the Law of Space, this shortcoming no longer existed. Luo Zheng chose the two crystals according to his own ideas.
After choosing the crystals, Luo Zheng didn't have any other requests. Then, Tian Yu brought Luo Zheng and Xun back to the Sacred Tree.
Xun's purpose on this trip to the Sky Feather Sacred Ground was to quarrel with the King in charge of punishment. However, Luo Zheng didn't come out empty-handed. At the very least, he obtained a high-grade Sacred Artifact and replaced the two crystals in his arm.
Two days later, Luo Zheng, Ling Yan, Mu Qing Yang, and the others left the Sky Feather Sacred Ground and went to the Sin Tower again.
During these two days, Liu Yu had made it clear to Luo Zheng that if Luo Zheng wanted to cleanse the Sin Tower of the Demon Race, the Demon Night Clan would do their best to help!
The Demon Race wasn't a friendly race. They loved to kill and had a cruel temperament, which was contrary to the Demon Night Clan's nature of harmony and order. Moreover, the Demon Night Clan had been targeted by the Demon Race in both the Sin Tower and the Deep Sea Continent. It was only after Liu Yu led the Sky Feather Sacred Ground to rise that the Demon Race restrained themselves.
If there was a chance to cleanse the Demon Race now, Liu Yu wouldn't let it go. As a Divine Sea Realm expert and the leader of the Demon Night Clan, Liu Yu wasn't a soft-hearted person. This was the world. Kindness to the enemy was cruelty to oneself.
After passing through the teleportation array, Luo Zheng returned to the Sin Tower.
The two doors at the entrance of the Sin Tower that had been smashed by the Demon Race's Battle Saint had been repaired.
Before Luo Zheng left, what happened on the 10th floor hadn't been spread. However, after Luo Zheng left the Sin Tower and stayed in the Sky Feather Sacred Ground for a few days, all kinds of news had spread through the various channels of the Sin Tower.
Everyone knew what happened on the 10th floor. As for who spread the news and whether it was intentional, no one knew. However, the Demon Race had restrained themselves a lot during this time.
(I wanted to add more, but my baby has a high fever. Sorry, I'll try to add more tonight. But if I go out tonight, I'll have to do it tomorrow.)
＝＝＝＝＝