When Luo Zheng stepped into the first floor of the Tower of Sin, the eyes of the various races stared at him. Most of them were filled with reverence.
As for the many Demon Race fighters, their eyes were filled with fear.
This human warrior who was not even twenty years old had only been in the Tower of Sin for three months, but he had already turned the situation around for the entire human race.
He was just a small warrior. Before this, he was even a warrior. Many of the peak War Reverends in the Tower of Sin were helpless against him. Furthermore, he had even used the power of the Cursed Lands to kill two demon Battle Saints!
This could no longer be described as a miracle.
Regardless of the process, Luo Zheng had indeed done it. Furthermore, he had completely suppressed the arrogance of the demon race.
In the past, from the first floor to the fourteenth floor of the Tower of Sin, regardless of whether it was the demon warriors or the demon warriors, they were superior to everyone else. Apart from the Yao Night Clan, the other races could only swallow their anger in front of the demon race!
No race dared to directly oppose the demon race. This powerful race had the most seats in the Tower of Sin, and they also had the most powerful force on the Sea God Continent.
The reason they were so arrogant was because they had the backing of powerful strength.
But recently, the Mo Race had indeed been very restrained. From the Mo Race warriors to the Battle Generals, and even the War Venerables, they did not speak as much as they did in the past. One could even find traces of icy coldness on the faces of the Mo Race.
This was because they did not know what Luo Zheng planned to do after returning to the Tower of Sin.
Was he going to expel all the demons? Or was he going to directly kill them?
That day, Luo Zheng seemed to have directly used some kind of power from the Tower of Sin to expel the two demon Battle Saints from the Tower of Sin!
As for whether Luo Zheng could directly use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill the living beings in the Tower of Sin, or what other methods he had, it all depended on Luo Zheng's degree of control over the Tower of Sin. Outsiders were unable to guess. The origin of the Tower of Sin was originally very mysterious. Even now, many living beings on the Sea God Continent did not know the origin of the Tower of Sin, nor did they know the secrets of the Cursed Lands.
In short, the Demon Race was like a fish on a chopping board. The situation was very passive. As for whether the Demon Race would lose or try to make peace, they could only wait and see.
After entering the first floor of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng looked at Ling Yan and the others. Suddenly, he smiled and said: "You guys take the stairs. I want to take another path."
Ling Yan and the other Peak War Reverends of the Yao Ye Clan, as well as Mu Qing Yang and the other generals, looked at Luo Zheng strangely. There was only one way to the lower levels of the Tower of Sin. Did Luo Zheng have another way?
However, as soon as Luo Zheng finished his words, a circular crack suddenly appeared under Luo Zheng's feet. That crack was only big enough for one person to fall through. Luo Zheng stood on top of the crack and instantly fell through it …
Seeing this scene, the faces of the Peak War Elder, including Ling Yan, were filled with astonishment. How could they play like this in the Tower of Sin?
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng steadily landed on the second floor of the Tower of Sin.
The warriors on the second floor were shocked when they saw the ceiling crack open and a human general fall down.
Luo Zheng only glanced at the warriors indifferently. Then, another circular crack appeared under his feet.
At the same time, cracks appeared on the third floor, fourth floor, fifth floor, sixth floor …
Luo Zheng's body fell vertically. In just two or three breaths of time, Luo Zheng's feet heavily stepped on the floor of the tenth floor!
From the third floor to the ninth floor, the warriors and generals only saw a shadow suddenly shoot down. They did not see who it was.
When Luo Zheng instantly stood on the floor of the tenth floor, the cracks above his head began to wriggle and quickly disappeared, leaving behind the stunned expressions of the many creatures.
"What did you just see?"
"It seems like a human fell down …"
"This … I'm afraid this is the fastest speed to enter the Tower of Sin?"
Even a peak war reverend on the fifteenth floor would have to climb down level by level after leaving the Tower of Sin. In the competition between war reverends, there had indeed been cases of people breaking the ceiling and falling to the next floor. The floors of the Tower of Sin only had the ability to heal themselves, but they were not particularly sturdy. However, no war reverend dared to break the ceiling layer by layer and drill down …
On the tenth floor's arena, a nimble figure was constantly flying. It was the human race's god rank genius, Xia Shuang.
And Xia Shuang's opponent was a giant that was close to forty feet tall!
Xia Shuang had originally cultivated an ice-type cultivation technique. Her piercing cold Qi formed many rings, encircling the giant's body.
The giants on the Sea God Continent were all extremely strong. Not to mention the human race, even the devil race would be smashed into meat paste by a punch from the giant!
However, the giant race's weakness was obvious. Their reactions were too slow and their speed could not keep up.
Now that Xia Shuang was constantly using the ice rings to suppress the giant, the giant's speed was even slower. Although the giant was constantly waving the black iron club in its hand, it could not even touch Xia Shuang's sleeves!
When Luo Zheng suddenly appeared on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, Xia Shuang's eyes suddenly flashed and a smile appeared on her face. True essence flickered between her eyebrows and the cold air on her body suddenly erupted!
A pair of wings condensed from ice formed behind her back. Then, she turned into a stream of light and rushed towards the giant.
Perhaps she hoped to show off her strength in front of Luo Zheng, or perhaps she was anxious to walk down the arena to see Luo Zheng, but Xia Shuang actually directly used her trump card!
As a god rank genius of the human race, Xia Shuang was considered an outstanding figure on the tenth floor. Originally, she did not need to use her trump card to deal with this giant.
"Swift Ice Feather!"
At this moment, Xia Shuang was like a fairy in the snow. She suddenly floated towards the giant. Facing the black iron cudgel that was smashing towards her, Xia Shuang's figure made a strange turn in the air, easily dodging the powerful cudgel!
Then her figure quickly approached the giant. She stretched out her snow-white hand and gently touched the giant's neck.
A seed of ice and snow was instantly planted.
"Crackle …"
A white light flashed on the giant's neck. Then, the cold power of ice blossomed into a beautiful ice flower on the giant's neck.
At the same time, the blood vessels on the giant's arms, chest, and legs cracked at the same time. All the blood vessels on the giant's body were frozen and burst open in an instant. The moment the blood sputtered out, it had already solidified!
"Plop …"
The giant's incomparably huge body fell on the arena with a loud bang. Xia Shuang stood firmly on one side of the arena. A Light of Good Fortune shot out from the giant's body and drilled into the nameplate on Xia Shuang's chest.
"Clap clap clap …" A crisp sound of applause rang out.
Luo Zheng slowly walked towards the arena. He stretched out his hands and gently clapped. At this moment, all the living beings on the tenth floor were focused on Luo Zheng.
In the few days that Luo Zheng had left, many humans had already felt the subtle changes in the Tower of Sin!
In this situation, even a fool would understand that the human race was about to rise …
In the past, as long as the human race stepped onto the arena, they would be ridiculed and targeted by the other races. In the process of battle, it was hard to count on the other side to hold back. Therefore, the human race's battle generals would usually either die or be injured when they stepped onto the arena!
Now, in the past few days, the other side would be very careful when a mortal battle general stepped onto the arena. Even after defeating the human battle general, they would not follow up with a victorious attack and take the human battle general's life!
This change made many humans very happy. They were very clear that this change originated from one person, Luo Zheng.
Although the human race only had four seats on the top floor, it would not be long before the human race's number of seats would increase. As for how much it would increase, it would depend on how far the demon race would retreat. It would depend on the demon race's countermeasures, and it would also depend on Luo Zheng's methods!
And today, Luo Zheng had returned.
Xia Shuang smiled when she saw Luo Zheng clapping for her. Then, she briskly jumped off the arena and walked towards Luo Zheng.