"Not bad!" Luo Zheng praised.
The corners of Xia Shuang's mouth rose slightly as she smiled, "I'm still far from your level!"
After all, Xia Shuang was a level-10 warlord, and Luo Zheng had only been a level-10 warlord before. Even after refining the Light of Creation, Luo Zheng was only a level-1 warlord now.
However, Xia Shuang knew that she was far from being Luo Zheng's opponent.
Aside from Xia Shuang, the other human warriors on the tenth floor also gathered around. Even Xing Hui, who was mad with jealousy towards Luo Zheng, had a respectful expression on his face.
Now, not only had Luo Zheng shocked the entire Tower of Sin, but he had also alarmed the entire Purple Heart Holy Land.
When Luo Zheng first entered the Tower of Sin, the Purple Heart Holy Land believed that as long as Luo Zheng matured, he would be able to obtain a seat for the Human Race.
The Human Race was so weak that they would be very satisfied if they could obtain another seat in the Tower of Sin. After all, the four seats they currently had weren't easy to obtain.
As Luo Zheng climbed up, the strength and potential he displayed became greater and greater. The higher-ups of the Tower of Sin and the Purple Heart Holy Land paid more and more attention to Luo Zheng. Especially after Lord Jing met with Luo Zheng, he concluded that not only would Luo Zheng obtain a seat, but he would also obtain a seat at the front. At the very least, he would be able to obtain one of the top thirty seats out of the 128!
Lord Jing's evaluation was already very high! This was because ever since the Human Race entered the Tower of Sin, no one had been able to obtain a seat in the top fifty!
It was also from that moment onwards that the four seat holders at the top of the Tower of Sin paid close attention to Luo Zheng's movements. No one expected that Luo Zheng would have such a huge conflict with the Demon Race after coming out of the Innate Stele. He had even implicated the Demon Night Clan.
What was even more unexpected was that Luo Zheng had turned the entire situation around by himself. Even the two Battle-Saints that the Demon Race had kept in the Tower of Sin had fallen at Luo Zheng's hands …
Luo Zheng's performance had exceeded Lord Jing's evaluation time and time again. Of course, it had also exceeded the expectations of all the races on the Sea God Continent.
All the Holy Lands on the Sea God Continent had their eyes fixed on the Tower of Sin. Now, Luo Zheng's name had spread across the entire Sea God Continent in just a few days.
The Sea God Continent was the same as the Central Domain. Geniuses who had the potential to enter the Divine Sea Realm were all called God-Level Geniuses. However, since Luo Zheng's name had the word "Sky Rank" on the Talent Stele, Luo Zheng had naturally become a "Sky Rank Genius" in the mouths of millions of creatures!
Only Luo Zheng himself knew why he was called a Demi-Immortal. Most likely, Luo Zheng had been recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan.
"Lord Jing told me to tell you something. Let's go to the residential area to talk," Xia Shuang said. This was naturally not a good place to talk.
Luo Zheng naturally knew that the Purple Heart Holy Land had a request for him. Luo Zheng's appearance was a great opportunity for the human race. The Holy Lands of the Sea God Continent's more than a dozen races circled around the Tower of Sin. Almost all of them were built around the Tower of Sin.
The strength of the Tower of Sin directly reflected the strength of the Holy Lands.
Just like how the Demon Race and the Demon Night Clan controlled the most seats, the Demon Race's Holy Lands and the Demon Night Clan's Holy Lands were the most powerful.
If Luo Zheng could help the human race obtain more than ten seats, the more seats the human race would have. The chances of entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave would also be higher. These things were practically of the same origin. All the races on the Sea God Continent had to pay attention to it!
Outside a secret room on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, several tenth rank human champions were standing guard.
In the secret room, under the faint yellow light, Xia Shuang's face was somewhat gentle. She did her best to make her smile more casual, but she was still slightly nervous.
It wasn't just Xia Shuang, Lord Jing, and the many War Reverends in the Tower of Sin, including the peak War Reverends and the four seat controllers, were all nervous and worried.
The reason was that Luo Zheng did not come from the Purple Heart Holy Land.
During this period of time, the Purple Heart Holy Land had launched a large-scale investigation on Luo Zheng. In the end, they had found a crucial piece of information. Luo Zheng had first appeared in the Heavenly Eagle Prairie!
The Purple Heart Holy Land had a faction stationed at the corner of the Heavenly Eagle Prairie. According to their feedback, Luo Zheng had suddenly appeared in the Heavenly Eagle Prairie without the Demon Race knowing. When Luo Zheng had first appeared, he had even rescued a group of people from the Demon Race's pasture!
The Heavenly Eagle Prairie was not a strategic location. Therefore, the Demon Race, the Human Race, and the Demon Night Clan had only sent a small portion of their forces to guard this place.
However, the three old monsters in the Divine Sea Realm in the Purple Heart Holy Land knew that there was actually an ancient teleportation array hidden in the Heavenly Eagle Prairie. The Human Race and the Demon Race had sent people into that teleportation array, but none of them had returned alive.
This ancient teleportation array must be a super long distance teleportation array.
Therefore, the humans in the Purple Heart Holy Land soon speculated that Luo Zheng did not come from the Sea God Continent. It was very likely that he came from another continent!
Luo Zheng was just a passerby. Although he was also a human, who could guarantee that he would be willing to help the Purple Heart Holy Land?
Moreover, the Sword Spirit that suddenly appeared next to Luo Zheng seemed to have a deep relationship with the Demon Night Clan. It was actually a king of the Demon Night Clan. Although the Demon Night Clan was fundamentally different from the Demon Race, they were not on good terms with the Human Race.
Everything depended on Luo Zheng's willpower and determination. Therefore, Master Jing gave this task to Xia Shuang. He wanted Xia Shuang to find out what Luo Zheng's intentions were.
Lord Jing even hinted that if it was possible, Xia Shuang had to make a sacrifice herself as well …
Xia Shuang was not a child. When she heard the word "sacrifice," she immediately blushed. The Human Race had been oppressed for so many years. It was not easy for them to grab onto a life-saving straw. They were indeed trembling with fear. They were afraid that Luo Zheng, this straw, would fly away.
As a god-level genius nurtured by the Purple Heart Holy Land, Xia Shuang could indeed "sacrifice" herself without hesitation. However, Xia Shuang knew that Luo Zheng was not someone who would do that. Master Jing and the higher-ups in the Purple Heart Holy Land were overthinking.
"What message did Master Jing ask you to send?" Seeing Xia Shuang's hesitation, Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Xia Shuang's eyes glittered. She was originally an extremely intelligent woman. After thinking for a while, she directly said, "Master Jing asked me to ask you. How far can you help us?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He instantly understood why Xia Shuang was hesitating. However, this straightforwardness was in line with Luo Zheng's character. He laughed mischievously and said, "If possible, I will clear out all the demons from the Tower of Sin!"
Luo Zheng's words made Xia Shuang suck in a breath of cold air. "Clear out the demons from the Tower of Sin? Can you do that? "
Luo Zheng shrugged. "I can't be sure. I can only try my best!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xia Shuang felt relieved. Although she had not been in contact with Luo Zheng for a long time, based on her understanding of Luo Zheng, he was not the kind of person who would speak without thinking. Unless he did not say anything, as long as he said something, he would do it.
"Right now, the demons should be divided internally. However, I suspect that they will look for you to negotiate," Xia Shuang said with a trace of worry on her face.
She only said half of her words, the other half was left unsaid. If the Devil Race promised Luo Zheng great benefits during the negotiation, would Luo Zheng change sides?
"Negotiate?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and said with a faint smile, "That will depend on their sincerity!"
The demons were indeed divided internally.
At the top of the Tower of Sin, there were a total of 128 spaces. Each space was a separate world, similar to the Sumeru Space in a Storage Ring. However, a Storage Ring could not store living things, while the spaces at the top of the Tower did not have this restriction.
Every seat holder had their own space. This was also the reason why there were always 128 seats at the top of the Tower of Sin.
Each space had a corresponding door, and each door had a number. For example, Ling Yan of the Yao Ye Clan was ranked first among the 128 seats, so her space was the first space.
As for Meng Tian, he was ranked second among the 128 seats, so his space was the second space.
During this period of time, the 26 seat holders of the fiend race would gather together every day, arguing endlessly!