In Space 2, there was a huge mountain range. Lava flowed slowly on the mountain range, and hundreds of lava tributaries gathered together to form a huge lava waterfall!
The scarlet lava waterfall gathered in a lava pool at the bottom of the mountain range. The lava pool was like a demon's lair!
These spaces were actually equivalent to small chiliocosm.
Even a Divine Sea Realm Ranker was unable to create a small chiliocosm. Only the supreme experts in the upper realm could create a small chiliocosm.
These one hundred and twenty-eight spaces were equivalent to one hundred and twenty-eight small chiliocosm, and they originally existed in the Tower of Sin.
After obtaining the authority of this small chiliocosm, one could freely change the terrain of this small chiliocosm. One could even open up a mountain and create a pure land.
However, in this small chiliocosm, there was no Heaven and Earth Origin Qi, so it was impossible to cultivate.
Around the lava pool, there were twenty-six black stone pillars. The twenty-six seat holders of the Demon Clan were standing on top of the black stone pillars.
Meng Tian stood on the first stone pillar, his cold gaze swept across the area, and then said: "Luo Zheng has returned, but our opinions have not reached a consensus."
"We can just kill him directly! He is just a small war general. If we twenty-six Peak war reverends attack together, I'm afraid we can crush him into dust! "A Peak war reverend said sternly.
"Yes, if a war general can make us so afraid, where is the dignity of our Demon Clan? Where is our courage? "Another Peak war reverend echoed.
Meng Chong interrupted, "You guys are stronger than the two War Saints, Tianqiong and Tianhui? Even the two of them were unable to retaliate in front of Luo Zheng. Are you sure you can resist that brat? "
Meng Chong's words immediately caused many Peak war reverends to be speechless.
But immediately after, another Peak war reverend opened his mouth and said: "So what? Luo Zheng can indeed use the power of the Tower of Sin to kick us out of the Tower of Sin! But... Can he borrow this power to kill people? I don't think so! "
That day, Luo Zheng didn't personally kill the two Battle-Saints of the Demon Race. He only kicked them out of the Tower of Sin and borrowed the power of the Cursed Land to kill Tianqiong and Tianhui.
However, everyone present was a peak War Reverend, so they would not be affected by the Cursed Land. So what if they were kicked out of the Tower of Sin by Luo Zheng? They could easily climb up from the first floor of the Tower of Sin …
Furthermore, with so many Peak war elder s swarming forward, they did not believe that Luo Zheng would be able to kick them all out in one go!
That was the point of contention.
How much control does Luo Zheng have over the Tower of Sin?
Could he directly use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill people? Or was it only possible to kick them out?
Only Luo Zheng himself knew the answer to this question …
Because of this, the Peak War Reverends were divided into two factions and had an intense debate. One faction believed that they should use all their strength to kill Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng died, everything would be over. They believed that even if Luo Zheng died, the Demon Race would not act blindly without thinking. As for the Human Race, they were not worthy of the Demon Race's scruples.
The other faction believed that Luo Zheng definitely had a hidden trump card. His control over the Tower of Sin was definitely beyond the imagination of the Demon Race. If they didn't kill Luo Zheng, the consequences would be unimaginable. They wouldn't even have the qualifications to negotiate.
"I have a compromise," said a short Peak War Reverend.
"Kuang Yuan, speak," said Meng Tian indifferently.
"Send the Night Clan's assassins to assassinate Luo Zheng again. This time, send the Night Clan's War Reverends," suggested the Peak War Reverend called Kuang Yuan.
"What kind of compromise is this!" sneered another Demon Race man.
Hearing his colleague's ridicule, Kuang Yuan's expression did not change. He continued, "Probe! Probe the extent of Luo Zheng's control over the Tower of Sin! "
If Luo Zheng could use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill people, then all the Peak War Reverends present would be fish on the chopping board. If even Battle Saints couldn't resist, then they wouldn't be able to resist!
But Luo Zheng could only kick people out of the Tower of Sin, so the Demon Race wouldn't be so worried about Luo Zheng …
Kuang Yuan pondered for a few days before coming up with this idea.
But just as he suggested it, Meng Tian shook his head and said, "I'm afraid it won't work. Luo Zheng isn't an idiot. Even if we assassinate him, it'll be very difficult to probe him. Moreover, the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race have secretly sent people to guard Luo Zheng. Even if the Night Clan's War Reverends are willing to sacrifice themselves for our Demon Race, it'll be very difficult for them to get close to Luo Zheng!"
"Then let's negotiate!" As soon as Meng Tian said this, another Demon Race War Reverend spoke up.
"Our Demon Race has long been unable to completely control the Tower of Sin. It's not impossible for us to give up some seats to the Human Race!"
"I just don't know what that brat wants! I feel that giving the Human Race five seats is enough! "
Many Peak War Reverends voiced their opinions, while Meng Tian stood on the stone pillar with his eyes closed. After everyone finished speaking, Meng Tian opened his eyes and said indifferently, "The Twin Devil Holy Land has already given their opinion. They want us to negotiate with that brat."
When Meng Tian said this, many Peak War Reverends couldn't help but roll their eyes.
Since the Holy Land had already given their opinion, why ask for their opinion? Did they have nothing better to do?
Although the Holy Land's hands couldn't reach into the Tower of Sin, the Holy Land was the foundation of the Demon Race. There would be a day when the Peak War Reverends would leave the Tower of Sin. Many things were still controlled by the Holy Land.
"Then let's negotiate!"
"I hope that brat doesn't push his luck!"
"He dares? Even if he can summon the wind and rain in the Tower of Sin, he can summon the wind and rain in the Purple Heart Holy Land. Outside the Cursed Lands, our Twin Devil Holy Land can easily destroy a small Purple Heart Holy Land! "
This was where the Demon Race's confidence came from. Even if Luo Zheng really became the controller of the Tower of Sin, he couldn't affect the outside of the Cursed Lands. The Purple Heart Holy Land couldn't resist the Demon Race's army!
Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to reach the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin.
Climbing to the top of the tower wasn't Luo Zheng's goal. His goal in entering the Tower of Sin was to cultivate and to obtain the inheritance of the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Staying on the tenth floor would allow him to obtain a large amount of Light of Creation, which was more than enough for Luo Zheng to cultivate. There wasn't much meaning in advancing too early.
However, the first few days were still fine. Although Luo Zheng defeated Yue Shou and Mu Qing Yang, there were still many Level 10 Champions who challenged Luo Zheng.
In this world, there would never be a lack of arrogant warriors. In their opinion, Yue Shou couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, and Mu Qing Yang couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, but that didn't mean they couldn't defeat him.
On the first day after returning to the Tower of Sin, three Champions were defeated by Luo Zheng. On the second day, another three Champions were defeated by Luo Zheng. On the third day, a War Reverend challenged Luo Zheng.
It was a Beastman Race's Level 2 War Reverend.
Normally, very few creatures on the Sea God Continent would enter the Tower of Sin after reaching the War Reverend rank.
This Beastman War Reverend seemed to be an independent warrior who didn't come from the Beastman Race's Holy Land. This kind of independent warrior only focused on cultivating and didn't pay attention to the outside world.
However, once a War Reverend entered the Tower of Sin, he would be able to advance freely from the first floor to the tenth floor. He would only encounter obstacles on the eleventh floor!
This Beastman Race's Level 2 War Reverend didn't seem to know about Luo Zheng's deeds. From the first floor to the tenth floor, he only stayed on each floor for three days. When he reached the tenth floor and saw Luo Zheng win in the arena, no creature dared to challenge Luo Zheng again.
The Beastman War Reverend sneered, "A Level 1 War Champion of the Human Race? Heh! "
After saying that, he casually walked onto the arena.
Seeing a War Reverend challenge Luo Zheng, many Level 10 Champions on the tenth floor became interested. Mu Qing Yang, Xia Shuang, and the others also stood on the spectator stands.
However, looking at the Beastman in front of him, Luo Zheng frowned.
"Human brat, you're not satisfied with me as an opponent?" The Beastman War Reverend showed an unhappy expression. His bark-like face had a sneer.
"Indeed, I'm not satisfied. You climbed up without any Light of Creation …" Luo Zheng stayed on the tenth floor with the purpose of earning Light of Creation. The Beastman War Reverend in front of him didn't have any Light of Creation in his nameplate, so it was useless even if he won.
The Beastman War Reverend's face suddenly erupted with hostility. Luo Zheng's tone made it clear that he could defeat him. He suddenly grinned and said, "A few years ago, I ate human flesh. It was very delicious. If I defeat you, leave your flesh to me!"
＝＝＝＝＝