This was the first time Luo Zheng had faced a war reverend after becoming a champion. Moreover, it was a second rank war reverend.
However, Mu Qing Yang and the other members of the Yao Ye Clan, as well as Xia Shuang and the other humans, weren't too worried.
When Luo Zheng was a tenth rank fighter, he had defeated Yue Shou, who was a tenth rank warrior. Everyone knew of Yue Shou's abilities. As the strongest god-ranked genius of the Twin Demon Holy Land, even a beginner war reverend might not be a match for him.
The beast race war reverend seemed impatient. As soon as he finished speaking, he unsheathed his two giant axes and charged at Luo Zheng.
The beastmen were short. The beast race war reverend in front of Luo Zheng didn't even reach Luo Zheng's chest. However, their bodies were sturdy, and their vitality was far stronger than other races. Fatal wounds to other races were nothing to the beastmen. Their recovery ability was also far stronger than other races.
Facing the beast race's charge, Luo Zheng had a calm smile on his face. He took out a longsword from his spatial ring!
Everyone was stunned when they saw the longsword in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Did this kid change his weapon again?"
"Wasn't it a low-grade saint grade longsword before? His current sword … "
"High-grade, a high-grade saint grade longsword. This guy's worth, oh my god …"
Even for the Holy Land, high-grade Saint Grade weapons were rare existences that could only be found by chance.
As a powerhouse of the Yao Ye Clan, Liu Yu naturally wouldn't lie to Xun. This sword and the weapon Liu Yu used were the only high-grade saint artifacts left in the Yao Ye Clan.
In the Sea God Continent, only the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land each had a high-grade saint artifact. The Sky Feather Holy Land only had two high-grade saint artifacts. The human race's Purple Heart Holy Land had a few mid-grade saint artifacts, but they didn't have a single high-grade saint artifact.
"Roar!"
As the beast race war reverend charged, the vital essence in his body erupted, releasing a black brilliance. At the same time, he let out a bestial roar.
Then, the battle-ax in his hand was thrown out. It circled in the air, and drew an arc in the air. Then, it strangled Luo Zheng from behind!
The Beast Race's War Senior also held another battle suit in his hand and slashed at Luo Zheng.
This way, Luo Zheng would have to face a pincer attack from the Beast Race's War Reverends. With the power of this battle axe, if he wasn't careful, he might be split in two.
However, Luo Zheng was very calm. He didn't attack with his sword. Instead, he suddenly somersaulted in the air. It was as if he had eyes on his back. He accurately dodged the battle axe that was attacking him from behind. At the same time, he kicked out heavily!
The originally spiraling battle axe's speed more than doubled as it continued to fly towards the Beast Clan's war elder.
Unexpectedly, the Beast Race Reverend grinned and caught his battle axe with a flip of his hand. Before Luo Zheng landed on the ground, the Beast Race Reverend released his Vital Spirit a second time and quickly approached Luo Zheng.
"Savage Slash!"
The huge battle axe waved out rays of golden light, twisting Luo Zheng's figure into pieces. While twisting, the Beast Race Reverend roared, "Break into pieces for me, wahahaha! You can't even withstand a single blow! "
The Beast Race was like this. Once they started fighting, they would be very crazy!
In an instant, the Beast Race Reverend slashed out dozens of times with his axe. Only when he stopped panting did he realize that Luo Zheng was standing not far away, safe and sound. He was staring at him with a faint smile on his face.
This was the power of the Law of Space. It could directly travel through space. No matter how powerful the movement technique was, it couldn't compare to this!
"It seems that Luo Zheng's war elder is not weak at all!"
"I'm afraid that even an ordinary mid-stage war elder might not be able to take down Luo Zheng!"
"In that case, only a peak war elder can suppress Luo Zheng in the Sin Tower!"
In fact, many creatures had overestimated Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was only a first stage war general. The main reason was that this second stage war elder was an independent warrior and not from the Beast Race Sacred Land.
According to the conventions of the Central Region, independent cultivators were generally stronger than cultivators from sects. This was because independent cultivators relied entirely on their own abilities to climb up step by step. On the other hand, although sect cultivators had the legacies of sects, their combat experience was far inferior to independent cultivators.
However, the Sea God Continent was the complete opposite. At the level of the Sacred Land, inheritance was more important than battle experience.
Moreover, most of the cultivators on the Sea God's Continent had climbed up from the Tower of Sin by stepping over the corpses of various races. Even the cultivators from the Holy Land did not lack battle experience. Therefore, the independent cultivators on the Sea God's Continent were far inferior to the various geniuses in the Holy Land.
Therefore, it was easier for Luo Zheng to deal with this second stage war elder than when he was in the Moon Guardian Formation!
However, if he were to face a war elder from the Sacred Land, Luo Zheng estimated that a second stage war elder or even a third stage war elder would be Luo Zheng's limit. Beyond the fourth stage, Luo Zheng would probably have to choose to avoid the battle or even run away. After all, the difference in cultivation was too great.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng did not choose to advance. At the eleventh floor of the Sin Tower, Luo Zheng could indeed earn some points. However, if he were to encounter some difficult war elders, it would be quite troublesome for Luo Zheng.
There might be more Light of Creation on the eleventh floor, but it would not be much more than the tenth floor. Therefore, accumulating Light of Creation on the tenth floor was a wise move for Luo Zheng.
Hearing those discussions, it was clear that they were not a match for this first stage war general. The beastmen had a fiery temper, so how could they endure it?
The war elder's eyes turned red. Layers of vital essence immediately wrapped around his battle axe. At the same time, two balls of red light appeared in his hands!
"It's Berserk Transformation. This war elder has been completely enraged!"
"Once the beastmen enter Berserk Transformation, they will not rest until they are dead!"
"You just realized that the beastmen are all brainless? If they had some brains, their strength would definitely be on par with the demon race! "
Many of the spectators' comments were correct.
The beastmen were ranked fourth on the Sea God Continent.
However, the beastmen were not inferior to the demon race in terms of talent. They were just much smaller than the demon race, but they had a miraculous healing ability. Their speed was also not inferior to the demon race. In terms of pure physical speed, the beastmen were probably second only to the demon race.
However, the beastmen had a fatal problem. Their brains were not very good. Simply put, their intelligence was very low. They were especially easily angered or used as weapons.
When the beastmen entered Berserk Transformation, their strength would multiply. However, the downside of Berserk Transformation was obvious. Once they entered Berserk Transformation, they would not be able to control themselves unless their target died or they themselves died …
Looking at the two balls of red light, Luo Zheng's expression turned serious. No matter how weak this Beast Race War Reverend was, he was still a War Reverend. The difference of a large realm couldn't be completely ignored!
"Die! Roar! "
The war elder roared like a wild beast once more. Like a rolling boulder, he charged at Luo Zheng once more.
This time, Luo Zheng did not choose to dodge. The longsword in his hand began to bloom with a faint golden light. Boundless sword intent spread from the blade!
"Universe Rotation!"
When the Beast Race War Reverend was three meters away from Luo Zheng, the Beast Race War Reverend started spinning rapidly like a top.
Two demonic red lights constantly circled around his arms. Suddenly, they looked like a red wheel of light. Together with the shining light of the Vital Essence of the battle axe, they looked exceptionally beautiful!
As long as one was twisted into this "top", the only outcome one could imagine was being smashed to pieces.
Although Xia Shuang believed that Luo Zheng could defeat this war elder, she did not expect Luo Zheng to choose to meet the enemy head on!
For Xia Shuang to be able to stand firm on the tenth floor, she had naturally fought with the beasts before. She had defeated three tenth level beasts, but that did not mean that Xia Shuang was stronger than the beasts. The reason was still the same as mentioned before. Although the beasts were extremely strong and had astonishing recovery abilities, they were generally more stupid.
Xia Shuang only needed to constantly dodge and slowly exhaust the beastmen on the stage. Even if the other party entered Berserk Transformation, they would not be able to do anything to the nimble Xia Shuang.
If she were to fight a beastmen head on, not to mention rank 10 beastmen, even rank 8 beastmen, or even rank 7 beastmen, Xia Shuang was not certain she could win.