Facing the berserk Beast Race War Reverend, Luo Zheng did not choose to retreat.
Luo Zheng was bound to climb up the Tower of Sin and encounter more and more War Reverends in the future. Although Luo Zheng's cultivation was also increasing, he had to measure his true strength.
If he wanted to go further on the path of martial artists, he had to make ample preparations and plans. Luo Zheng's destiny was strong, but luck would not always be on his side.
Facing this berserk Beast Race War Reverend, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He lightly flicked his sword and jumped onto the other party's battle-ax.
But just as the sword and battle-ax touched, Luo Zheng felt a powerful force pass over.
If it were anyone else here, their sword would have already left their hands!
Even Luo Zheng felt his hand go numb from the shock.
Ding ding ding ding …
The Beast Race War Reverend's two battle-axes alternately struck Luo Zheng's sword, producing crisp sounds.
But as the battle-ax and sword intersected, Luo Zheng's sword quickly left sword marks on the large battle-ax.
This Beast Race War Reverend was originally an independent martial artist, so he naturally did not have any good weapons. These two battle-axes could barely be considered high-grade immortal artifacts, but how could they block Luo Zheng's high-grade sacred artifacts?
By the time the Beast Race War Reverend's attack dissipated, the battle-axes in his hands were already riddled with holes.
But what Luo Zheng did not expect was that the Beast Race War Reverend casually threw away the battle-axes and suddenly roared.
Layers of astral essence covered the Beast Race War Reverend's body in an extremely orderly manner, like a layer of shining black scales.
"Another transformation? This is beast transformation! "
Compared to War Generals, War Reverends had endless methods. Luo Zheng had once seen Ao Xiang use this move in the Central Domain. But the Beast Race War Reverend's bloodline was originally inherited from wild beasts, so most Beast Race people were born with the ability to transform!
After the Beast Race War Reverend's scales were completely covered, he quickly pounced at Luo Zheng.
"You want to block my sword with just a layer of scales?"
How sharp was a high-grade saint artifact? Facing the Beast Race War Reverend's charge, Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword.
According to Luo Zheng's expectations, this layer of scales would be as fragile as a piece of paper before Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact. But he never imagined that as soon as Luo Zheng's sword touched the scales, a powerful force would suddenly erupt from the black scales!
It was this force that caused Luo Zheng's sword to bounce away.
"Boom!"
The moment Luo Zheng's long sword bounced off, this Beast Race War Venerable crashed into Luo Zheng.
War Reverend, moreover, it was a Beast Race War Reverend. How fierce would that be? With this collision, Luo Zheng was sent flying thirty feet away. He fell heavily on the ground, and his long sword also fell to the side.
Xia Shuang and the others revealed worried expressions. Originally, they were very confident in Luo Zheng, but they did not expect this Beast Race War Reverend to be so difficult to deal with.
"It seems that Luo Zheng is still in trouble against a War Reverend."
"We overestimated Luo Zheng. The gap between a War Reverend and a War Reverend is not so easy to cross!"
"Luo Zheng might have a backup plan …"
After this collision, Luo Zheng was indeed in a very sorry state. The War Reverend's Vital Essence erupted, and that force was not to be underestimated.
However, Luo Zheng's Qi and blood were in turmoil. Streams of Primordial Chaos Dipper continued to circulate, so Luo Zheng was not injured.
"I was careless." Luo Zheng got up from the ground with a calm expression. The scales on the Beast Race War Reverend's body were just an illusion. He was waiting for Luo Zheng's long sword to strike, then suddenly explode and bounce off Luo Zheng's sword. Then, he would immediately launch another attack.
The Beast Race War Reverend exuded a ferocious aura as he sneered. "Human brat, I want to eat your flesh!"
The Beast Race War Reverend, who had gone berserk and transformed into a beast, had completely transformed into a wild ferocious beast. He once again charged toward Luo Zheng!
Everyone's hearts suddenly tightened. Luo Zheng had already lost his weapon. How could he deal with the powerful Beast Race War Reverend when he was unarmed? At this time, the right choice was to pull away from the opponent first.
However, under everyone's astonished gazes, Luo Zheng still did not retreat. He suddenly clenched his fists and began to accumulate power in his body. The moment the Demon Race War Reverend charged forward, all his dragon scales opened at the same time!
A tidal wave of power converged on Luo Zheng's fist. Every vein on his right fist bulged. If it were not for his high-grade immortal artifact body, his entire hand would have been crushed by his own power under such a powerful surge of power!
This punch was headed straight for the Beast Race War Reverend!
Seeing this scene, everyone shook their heads.
In the previous battle, many people were already clear about Luo Zheng's strength. If he used tricks, Luo Zheng's chances of defeating the Beast Race War Reverend were very high. However, Luo Zheng chose to use his weakness to attack the other party's strength.
"I'm afraid Luo Zheng's hand is going to be crippled." Someone suddenly said.
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's punch had already landed heavily on the Beast Race War Reverend's chest. The Beast Race War Reverend's chest was also covered with a layer of black scales, but under this punch, the black scales suddenly exploded and were unable to bounce off Luo Zheng's fist!
Luo Zheng's full strength exploded out. Even a peak war reverend would be seriously injured if he received this punch. How could the Beast Race War Reverend's move offset Luo Zheng's ferocious power?
"Bam!"
With this punch, half of the Beast Race War Reverend's body instantly caved in, and his entire body seemed to have been squeezed through a narrow door!
Although the Beast Race War Reverend still maintained his momentum and rushed a few steps to the side, his footsteps were already staggering and he was unable to stand up. With a bang, he fell to the ground, and a large amount of blood burst out from his body.
The vitality of the Beast Race was exuberant, and the amount of blood in their bodies was far more than that of other living beings. However, this kind of gurgling blood was completely absorbed by the Tower of Sin.
"Swish swish …"
A few weak rays of Light of Good Fortune spiraled out from the Beast Race War Reverend's nameplate and shot towards Luo Zheng's chest.
Although the Beast Race War Reverend came up empty, he would take the initiative to challenge others every time he stepped onto a new floor. Therefore, it wasn't that there weren't any Light of Good Fortune in the nameplate, it was just that there weren't many of them.
Seeing Luo Zheng kill the Beast Race War Reverend with a single punch, Luo Zheng's strength had clearly risen to another level in the eyes of many creatures.
"Not only is that brat proficient in Laws, his strength and physique aren't weak either!"
"A cultivator who cultivates both Law and Body would normally find it very difficult to balance both. In the end, they would end up as a nobody. Luo Zheng doesn't have this problem at all!"
"I'm really looking forward to the day when he becomes a War Reverend! At that time, even if he doesn't use the power of the Tower of Sin, no one in the Tower of Sin will be his match! "
Luo Zheng put away his sword. Just as he walked down the stage, a Demon Race War Reverend walked towards him from afar. It was a Rank 6 War Reverend.
The instant the Demon Race War Reverend appeared, Xia Shuang's gaze flickered, and she looked towards another direction. Mu Qing Yang did the same.
Although Luo Zheng could control the power of the Tower of Sin, and it was more than enough to protect himself, the Yao Night Clan and the Human Race were still worried and secretly sent people to protect Luo Zheng. At this time, no one wanted anything to happen to Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng!" The Demon Race War Reverend called out Luo Zheng's name as he approached.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
"Our Demon Race's Lord Meng Tian wants to talk to you." The Demon Race War Reverend said.
"When?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Tonight …"
"…"
The Demon Race War Reverend naturally came to help Meng Tian pass on the message. After completing his task, the Demon Race War Reverend turned around and left. At this time, Mu Qing Yang and Xia Shuang walked up together.
Luo Zheng smiled at Xia Shuang, "You guessed right, they're already in a hurry to negotiate."
"I, I'll go inform Lord Ling Yan!" Mu Qing Yang immediately said.
No one could guarantee that Meng Tian wouldn't play any tricks. As the second seat holder of the Tower of Sin, if he suddenly attacked Luo Zheng, it would be a huge threat to Luo Zheng. And the only person who could intimidate Meng Tian was Ling Yan.
Mu Qing Yang informed Ling Yan, and Xia Shuang naturally informed Lord Jing. At night, many peak War Reverends came down from the upper levels. The four seat holders of the Human Race were all present, and Ling Yan of the Yao Night Clan and the other three seat holders also came down.
Since the Demon Race had chosen to negotiate, the content of tonight's negotiation was especially important.