In a certain hall of the tenth floor's living area, all unrelated people were cleared out.
Although according to the rules, one could freely enter and exit the safe area, these peak war reverends were the ones who made the rules. Moreover, at this point, why would they care about the rules?
As for some of the generals on the tenth floor, although they had some complaints, how could they dare to say anything in front of these peak war reverends?
In the hall, Meng Tian sat boldly on the side. The demon race was incomparably tall, and Meng Tian was one of the bigger ones. Even if he was sitting, he was still taller than ordinary humans.
Behind Meng Tian stood three peak war reverends. Their expressions were cold and their auras were like blades.
The death of two war saints was a huge blow to the demon race. Naturally, they would not feel good about it!
What was even more troublesome was Luo Zheng. He had put the demon race in a dilemma.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe stood guard beside Luo Zheng. Even if Luo Zheng could control the Tower of Sin, they still had to guard against Meng Tian's sudden attack.
Fortunately, Ling Yan also brought three peak war reverends from the Yao Ye clan. If the demon race really wanted to fight here, they would not be able to gain any advantage.
After everyone sat down, Meng Tian smiled and said, "As expected of a young hero. For thousands of years, no one has been able to completely control the Tower of Sin, but you did it. I didn't believe in fate before, but now that I think about it, this is fate!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I still don't believe in fate. I only believe that man can conquer the heavens."
"You humans have a good saying. A person's strength is limited. Sometimes, you have to know how to act appropriately and judge the situation. Otherwise, you will be the one to suffer in the end." Meng Tian suddenly smiled.
Meng Tian was indirectly reminding Luo Zheng. Perhaps Luo Zheng could gain the upper hand in the Tower of Sin by joining forces with the Yao Ye clan. It was even possible for them to expel the demon race from the tower. However, one could not ignore the existence of the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land!
Luo Zheng laughed mischievously and did not refute Meng Tian's words.
Then Meng Tian said, "But I'm curious. How much control do you have over the Tower of Sin? Legend has it that this Tower of Sin is actually a divine weapon of an almighty being from the Upper Realm. Have you refined it? "
There were many speculations about the Tower of Sin. Some said that it was a cultivation tower of a certain race, while others said that it was a divine weapon of a peerless expert.
No matter what kind of speculation it was, Meng Tian's words were just to test the extent of Luo Zheng's control over the Sin Tower!
In Meng Tian's opinion, Luo Zheng would most likely avoid talking about it.
However, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I didn't refine this Tower of Sin, but …" Luo Zheng waved his hand and the walls around the hall began to disappear layer by layer!
This hall was originally located at the periphery of the living area, and there were many secret cultivation rooms around it. However, at this moment, the walls began to dissolve and disappear.
Some of the warlords who were cultivating in the secret cultivation rooms were still sitting inside, calmly cultivating. Suddenly, the disappearance of the walls around the secret cultivation rooms gave them a fright. Seeing several peak warlords sitting in the hall, the warlords who were cultivating revealed panicked expressions.
Seeing Luo Zheng's methods, the peak warlords of the Demon Clan revealed grave expressions. Meng Tian's gaze also became deep.
Luo Zheng appeared to be very confident. Since you want to test me, then I'll show you.
Although he did not refine the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng could indeed control everything in the Tower of Sin through the tool spirit!
He did not need to hide anything. He simply told the other party that he could control everything in the Tower of Sin. Wanting to fight against him in the Tower of Sin was undoubtedly wishful thinking!
Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin's eyes flashed with a bright light. With Luo Zheng's degree of control over the Tower of Sin, the Demon Clan and Luo Zheng simply did not have the capital to bargain.
Meng Tian stretched out his huge palm-leaf fan hand and clapped, "Even if you did not refine the Tower of Sin, to be able to do this is already unimaginable! However … "
"However?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and his eyes flashed with an extremely aggressive gaze, "However, you guys have been trying to kill me before. How should we settle this debt?"
Meng Tian chuckled, "You are indeed a straightforward person. In this negotiation, I actually hope that everyone can coexist peacefully!"
Seeing Meng Tian's tone and expression, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin sighed in their hearts. When did Meng Tian ever mention anything about coexisting peacefully with others?
Even if Meng Tian lost to Ling Yan on the top floor of the Tower of Sin, Meng Tian had never restrained himself. Not only Meng Tian, the Demon Clan in the Tower of Sin had never restrained themselves!
Aside from the Demon Night Clan, the Demon Clan had never been willing to back down when they had disputes with other clans!
Even if it was the Demon Night Clan, Meng Tian would not give face to them. Six months ago, Meng Tian and Ling Yan had a dispute. That dispute was not big, but Meng Tian had the attitude of a fish dying net breaking a net. At that time, Ling Yan had considered the bigger picture and did not want to make a big fuss over such a small matter. In the end, Ling Yan had backed down.
Meng Tian's personality had always been rude and unreasonable. Asking him to talk about coexisting fairly with other clans was harder than ascending to the heavens. However, today, Meng Tian had finally compromised. He had actually decided to back down!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's hearts were beating wildly.
Since the Demon Clan had chosen to coexist peacefully, they would at least use some conditions to appease Luo Zheng. What was the most valuable thing in the Tower of Sin? The opportunity of the Mysterious Nether Cave!
Of course, it was impossible to obtain the opportunity of the Mysterious Nether Cave in the Tower of Sin. However, if they could obtain a seat, they would be able to lead more clansmen into the Mysterious Nether Cave, and the possibility of obtaining the opportunity would be greater!
Just the Mysterious Nether Cave, how many clans had their opportunities changed?
Whether it was the establishment of the Purple Heart Holy Land or the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, they were all martial artists with heaven-defying luck who had obtained great opportunities in the Mysterious Nether Cave. Only then were they able to establish their own Holy Land step by step.
"Three seats, I'm satisfied with just three seats!" Zhao Fenqin thought to herself.
In Zhao Fenqin's heart, if the Demon Clan was willing to give up three seats, they would be burning incense to the gods! As for Zhou Zhuohe, he looked at Zhao Fenqin's somewhat excited expression. His thoughts were almost exactly the same as Zhao Fenqin's. However, while Zhao Fenqin wanted three seats, Zhou Zhuohe's thoughts were even more unbearable. He would be satisfied with two seats …
In contrast, Ling Yan, who was ranked first among the 128 seats, naturally had much higher standards than Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe.
Now that Luo Zheng had the absolute advantage, if she didn't follow up on this victory, then she would be a fool. How many seats were the Demon Clan willing to give up would depend on the Demon Clan's bottom line and Luo Zheng's request.
If it was in her place, Ling Yan's lowest request would be ten seats!
"As a show of sincerity for peaceful coexistence, our Demon Clan can give up five seats to your Human Clan." Meng Tian smiled and said.
The peak War Reverends behind Meng Tian all revealed indignant expressions. Five seats, and to give it up to a trash race like the Human Clan. To them, this was indeed very sullen. Moreover, the Demon Clan had lost five seats, which meant that five seat controllers would lose their seats!
Meng Tian's words immediately caused Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's hearts to beat faster!
This condition was indeed not bad. Five seats, in an instant, the Human Clan had 25 more seats! In addition to the previous four seats, the Human Clan had a total of nine seats. Although they weren't ranked third in the Sin Tower, they were still ranked fourth!
At this time, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's eyes seemed to sparkle like little stars. They really wanted to agree to Meng Tian's request in place of Luo Zheng! Moreover, they couldn't wait to report this "good news" back to the Purple Heart Holy Land!
After all, when the Purple Heart Holy Land first paid attention to Luo Zheng, they only hoped that he would be able to obtain a seat in the future.
They never expected that Luo Zheng, who hadn't even climbed to the top of the tower, would actually help the Human Clan obtain five seats on the tenth floor! This was something that they didn't even dare to think about!
"Hurry up, boy!" Zhao Fenqin eagerly hoped that Luo Zheng would quickly agree.
Zhou Zhuohe's eyes were about to drip water. The Demon Clan had accumulated power for a long time. To take the initiative to give up five seats was already a great favor. Therefore, he also eagerly hoped that Luo Zheng would agree. Otherwise, what if Meng Tian went back on his word?
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's expressions were seen by Ling Yan from the bottom of her heart. She couldn't help but sigh in her heart. The Human Clan had been weak for many years and didn't have any future prospects. Fortunately, they had Luo Zheng. This matter clearly showed that they could bargain. These two guys were actually so excited after hearing about five seats …
＝＝＝＝＝