Everyone's eyes finally gathered on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm, as if he was pondering.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, Meng Tian and the other War Reverends of the Demon Clan all suppressed their impulses and waited for him to speak.
Most of these War Reverends had lived for decades, or even hundreds of years. At this time, they were actually staring at each other, waiting for a young man who was not even twenty years old to speak. This was indeed a very strange thing.
The Demon Clan had a fiery temper to begin with. A Peak War Reverend behind Meng Tian finally couldn't hold it in any longer and said coldly, "Boy, have you considered it? Five seats is already enough to give you Human Clan face! "
This Peak War Reverend was called Mo Qi, and he was one of the ten Peak War Reverends of the Demon Clan. He was ranked fourth among the 128 seats, and his strength and status were second only to Meng Tian.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Peak War Reverend indifferently. He was still deep in thought, and there was even a trace of ridicule at the corner of his mouth.
"Don't be so shameless. When the time comes, let alone five seats, even if it's just one seat, we will still have to consider it carefully!" Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, the fire in Mo Qi's heart was ignited.
The Demon Clan was easily angered. This was almost their nature.
Seeing that the situation was not good, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's faces immediately became anxious. What was Luo Zheng thinking!
However, at this moment, they couldn't speak. Since it was a negotiation, they couldn't let the other party see that they didn't have any confidence.
In the end, Zhao Fenqin couldn't hold it in and quietly said to Luo Zheng with a True Essence Sound Transmission, "Luo Zheng, why don't you agree with them? Five seats, we are already very satisfied!"
Zhao Fenqin's True Essence Sound Transmission entered Luo Zheng's ears, but Luo Zheng acted as if he didn't hear it.
"Boy …" Mo Qi finally couldn't hold it in and suddenly sat up from his chair.
At this moment, Luo Zheng stared at Meng Tian and said, "Peaceful coexistence?"
Then Luo Zheng sneered and said coldly, "When I entered the first layer, you didn't intend to coexist peacefully with me. When I entered the second layer, you didn't intend to coexist peacefully with me. The third layer, the fourth layer, until I entered the tenth layer and came out of the Talent Stele, you still didn't intend to coexist peacefully with me. When you brought out two Battle-Saints, I used the Cursed Land to curse them to death. Now, you're talking to me about peaceful coexistence? "
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe immediately panicked. It seemed that they had guessed wrong. Originally, Zhao Fenqin had thought that Luo Zheng wanted to bargain for more benefits for the Human Race.
What he didn't expect was that Luo Zheng didn't seem to have this intention at all. Then what did he want to do?
Ling Yan's face exposed a trace of a strange expression, and her gaze began to intensely flicker. It seems that this brat's appetite is even bigger than I thought! That's right, he is the subordinate of our King. How broad is his vision? He didn't even set his sights on a small Tower of Sin. Even the vastness of the Sea God Continent didn't allow him to display his strength.
This human youth's future stage would definitely be the entire universe!
If she looked at it from this angle, Ling Yan was also indifferent.
From beginning to end, Meng Tian had a smile on his face. He had already tried his best to make himself look as friendly as possible. After Luo Zheng finished speaking, Meng Tian's face gradually became gloomy, "Since you don't intend to coexist peacefully, then what do you want?"
The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth rose slightly, "The demons will give up all their seats and scram out of the Tower of Sin!"
Just as these words were spoken, Zhao Fenqin and the others almost stopped breathing. Ling Yan slightly lowered her body, guarding against these Battle-Saints of the Demon Race. Not only Ling Yan, but the other Battle-Saints of the Demon Night Clan also revealed vigilant expressions. At the same time, their hearts were wildly beating.
This Luo Zheng was also a guy who wouldn't stop until he shocked them to death. He had come with sincerity to negotiate, but you actually wanted all the demons to scram out of the Tower of Sin? How was this possible?
Meng Tian was still sitting steadily on the wide chair. Although his face was gloomy, there was no trace of anger on it.
On the contrary, the few Peak Battle-Saints of the Demon Race behind Meng Tian could no longer hold it in, especially the number two figure of the Demon Race, Mo Qi. His face was already incomparably angry, and his majestic aura erupted uncontrollably. It was possible that he could attack at any time.
Other than Mo Qi, the chests of the other Peak Battle-Saints were also undulating. They stared at Luo Zheng, as if they wanted to swallow Luo Zheng in one gulp.
Seeing that the Peak Battle-Saints behind Meng Tian were about to attack, Meng Tian waved his hand and stopped their thoughts. Then, he said in a muffled voice, "You want us to give up the Tower of Sin? That's impossible. Your request is too much. Change your condition."
"Too much?" Luo Zheng sneered, "You want to kill me, isn't that too much? If I didn't have the strength, I would have already died over a hundred times. I don't plan to kill all of you, I just want you to leave the Tower of Sin. This request is not too much! "
Meng Tian's gaze became more and more complicated. Luo Zheng dared to say such words, either the Demon Race did not have enough bargaining chips, or Luo Zheng was an idiot. The latter was obviously impossible, and it seemed that Luo Zheng felt that he had the Demon Race under his control? This brat, what courage!
"Our Twin Devil Holy Land has never been afraid of other races for so many years. Who knows how many Peak Battle-Saints have walked out of the Tower of Sin, and we have never lost the Tower of Sin for a moment. Forgive me for not being able to fulfill this request of yours. I'll say it again, change your condition." At this time, even Meng Tian admired his own patience!
"Wasting your breath on this brat. I've already said it. Kill him and end it all!"
Mo Qi, who was behind Meng Tian, could no longer hold it in. His tall and sturdy figure appeared in a flash, and his cultivation of Peak Battle-Saint erupted. It was like a tsunami that was over a hundred meters tall, sweeping towards Luo Zheng.
When Mo Qi's figure moved, Ling Yan also moved. A fine net appeared from her body, blocking in front of Luo Zheng.
"It's over!"
This thought flashed through the minds of the others at the same time, and they prepared to make their move at the same time.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's mouths were bitter, they didn't know what to say. Just now, Zhao Fenqin was almost anxious to death, but Luo Zheng didn't listen to them at all! He had to force the Demon Race to their deaths. Even a rabbit would bite when cornered. How could the Demon Race agree to Luo Zheng's request?
Only Meng Tian and Luo Zheng were still sitting there, looking at each other, as if they didn't notice that Mo Qi and Ling Yan had already made their move.
When Mo Qi rushed out halfway, before he could even get close to the net that Ling Yan had woven, an invisible force suddenly stopped Mo Qi!
Mo Qi roared crazily, "Human Race brat, when I tear you into pieces, you will regret it!"
He struggled crazily, as if he wanted to break free from the bindings of the invisible force. However, no matter how hard he struggled, it was futile. It was as if he was a little bug that had fallen into a spider's web. The more he struggled, the deeper the invisible force bound him.
Even the War Sage was unable to break free from the bindings of this invisible force. Mo Qi was only a Peak War Elder, how could he break free?
Luo Zheng didn't even look at Mo Qi, and only said indifferently: "Kill him."
"Puchi puchi!"
That invisible force immediately tore Mo Qi's body apart, and brown blood splattered all over the hall. Mo Qi's death was too horrible to look at.
This scene caused all the Peak War Elders present to suck in a breath of air!
Not only the Peak War Elders of the Demon Race, even the Peak War Elders of the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race revealed looks of fear.
Luo Zheng's control over the Tower of Sin far exceeded everyone's expectations!
Mo Qi's strength was ranked fourth among the 128 seat controllers, second only to Ling Yan of the Demon Night Clan, Meng Tian of the Demon Race and another Peak War Elder.
Since Luo Zheng could borrow the power of the Tower of Sin to easily kill Mo Qi, then Luo Zheng had the ability to kill anyone in the Tower of Sin!
Even if it was Ling Yan, Meng Tian was not a match for Luo Zheng …
Powerhouses would not place themselves under a wall of danger. Although Ling Yan believed that Luo Zheng would not make a move against her, her face still revealed a taboo expression.