From beginning to end, Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on Meng Tian, and Meng Tian's gaze never left Luo Zheng's body.
Brown blood stained the hall and was quickly absorbed. No trace of blood could be seen.
If Mo Qi's body wasn't moved, then his body would also be absorbed by the Sin Tower within a day.
Because of this characteristic of the Sin Tower, it was able to continuously absorb foreign objects and replenish the Sin Tower's energy, allowing the Sin Tower to continue operating.
This characteristic was very advantageous to the Demon Race. They could continuously kill their opponents in the arena. Not only could they absorb the opponent's Light of Creation, but they could also replenish the Sin Tower's energy. The Demon Race could also accept the Sin Tower's training, forming a perfect closed loop!
The Demon Race had risen from here!
But now, the Sin Tower's power was controlled by Luo Zheng.
Meng Tian now understood that Luo Zheng had the right to decide the life and death of anyone in the Sin Tower!
The Demon Race had no right to negotiate!
After a long silence, Luo Zheng's voice broke the silence, "Now, do you accept my conditions?"
Meng Tian revealed a bitter smile. In the past, Meng Tian felt that he was the controller of the Sin Tower. Even if Ling Yan defeated him, he led the Demon Race's ten War Reverends. The Demon Race didn't fear the Demon Night Clan at all!
He felt that he had done a good job. Every time he returned to the Sacred Land, he would be rewarded by the Demon Race's Divine Sea Realm experts!
But now, facing Luo Zheng, whose bone age was less than 20 years old and whose strength was only at the first rank War General realm, he suddenly felt powerless. It was as if all the strength in his muscles had been sucked out in an instant.
This was too unreasonable. This brat had only entered the Sin Tower for a few months and had only climbed to the tenth floor. How could he!
But Luo Zheng had the power of the Sin Tower. This power was so strong that he couldn't resist!
If the Demon Race was expelled from the Sin Tower, he knew what he would face! Although the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Twin Demon Sacred Land valued him, once Meng Tian and all the Demon Race were expelled from the Sin Tower, Meng Tian would directly face the wrath of his own clansmen!
He would very likely become a sinner, spurned by the Flame Demon Sacred Land and the Fear Demon Sacred Land!
But how could he resist now?
Although Meng Tian's strength was slightly stronger than Mo Qi's, the two of them were both Peak war elder s. Even among the 128 seats, there was only a difference of two places, so the difference in strength was not very big.
How could he resist Luo Zheng?
In the end, he would still end up like Mo Qi, torn to pieces.
Meng Tian was silent for a while before he said, "I'm sorry, but I can't accept your conditions."
"Then I'll kill all the Devil Clansmen," Luo Zheng said indifferently. His calm eyes were like the eyes of a devil in the eyes of the Devil Clansmen. Although his tone was indifferent, the murderous intent that was reflected from it was terrifying.
If they were disobedient, he would kill them all …
The temperament of this human brat …
The few Peak war elder s of the Demon Clan had different thoughts, but the only thing they had in common was their deep fear of Luo Zheng. They believed that if Luo Zheng said it, he would definitely do it.
The Peak war elders of the Yao Night Clan all sighed inwardly.
When Luo Zheng was surrounded by the Peak war elders of the Demon Clan on the tenth floor, they still looked down on the Human Clan. If it wasn't for the appearance of their "King", they definitely wouldn't have stepped into these muddy waters!
Because offending the Devil Clan for the Human Clan was something only an idiot would do.
Now that they thought about it, they felt extremely fortunate. In other words, their "King" had brought good luck to the Yao Night Clan!
After all, Luo Zheng did not stand against the Yao Night Clan.
If it wasn't for the appearance of their "King", if the Yao Night Clan started to fear Luo Zheng and started to target Luo Zheng, the consequences of angering this human brat could be imagined. The Yao Night Clan's fate wouldn't be any better!
As for the four seat controllers of the Human Clan, they … were still in a daze.
The Human Clan in the Sin Tower had endured for hundreds and thousands of years. Who would have thought that because of Luo Zheng's appearance, everything would be completely reversed!
Luo Zheng had the power to decide the life and death of the Sin Tower! Now was the time for the Human Clan to hold their heads up high … As for how to hold their heads up high, they had not thought about it yet. At this moment, they only felt extremely fortunate that Luo Zheng was from the Human Clan. He was a Human!
"If you don't accept it, I'll really kill all of you," Luo Zheng said indifferently, "I'm not threatening you."
Meng Tian bitterly smiled and said, "I know, but our Twin Devil Sacred Ground still has the strength to fight. If you chase us out of the Sin Tower, I think the Purple Heart Sacred Ground will be flattened by the Twin Devil Sacred Ground. With your Purple Heart Sacred Ground's strength, either the Flame Devil Sacred Ground or the Fear Devil Sacred Ground will be able to flatten you. Have you thought about it?"
Meng Tian's words immediately made the four Peak war elders of the Human Clan nervous.
Luo Zheng was not from the Purple Heart Sacred Ground. They had already guessed that he had never stepped into the Purple Heart Sacred Ground in his life. He had no sense of belonging to the Purple Heart Sacred Ground. Even if the Purple Heart Sacred Ground was flattened by the Demon Clan, he would not feel anything.
Luo Zheng did not care about the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, but Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others cared. That was the Human Clan's only land of inheritance in the Sea God Continent!
Although Meng Tian said those words with a bitter smile, the threat in his words was clear. Luo Zheng, you can chase our Demon Clan out. The Sin Tower is yours, and our Twin Devil Sacred Ground can't do anything to you, Luo Zheng. However, we can flatten the Purple Heart Sacred Ground. You should think about it carefully!
Zhao Fenqin wanted to dissuade Luo Zheng, but he swallowed his words.
What right did they have to control Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng was indeed a Human, but the problem was, other than being of the same race, did Luo Zheng have any other relationship with them?
What did the Purple Heart Sacred Ground help Luo Zheng? Nothing at all! Instead, it was Luo Zheng who helped the Human Clan!
"Think about it?" Luo Zheng curled his lips and raised a finger, "No need to think about it. I'll give you a month's time. After a month, I'll kill any Demon Clan member I find in the Sin Tower!"
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the other two seat controllers' expressions changed drastically!
The Purple Heart Sacred Ground was in trouble …
The Human Clan's Divine Sea Realm Almighties were no match for the Demon Clan. Not to mention the Twin Devil Sacred Ground, even the Fear Demon Sacred Ground and the Flame Demon Sacred Ground could flatten the Purple Heart Sacred Ground.
"Luo Zheng, this …" Zhao Fenqin could not help but open his mouth. There was even a hint of pleading in his tone.
Luo Zheng did not even look at this Human Clan's Peak War Reverend. His gaze was cold, as if he did not care about the Purple Heart Sacred Ground at all.
Meng Tian's face turned completely gloomy, "You don't care about the survival of the Purple Heart Sacred Ground? The survival of the Human Clan? "This was Meng Tian's last life-saving straw. Now, Meng Tian could only use this to threaten Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I'm sure you've already done your research. I'm not from the Sea God Continent, so what does the survival of the Purple Heart Sacred Ground have to do with me? Besides … "
"Besides what?" Meng Tian asked.
"Do you really think the Twin Devil Sacred Ground can really do anything to the Purple Heart Sacred Ground?" Luo Zheng continued to ask with a smile.
"Why not?" Meng Tian's eyes flashed. He suddenly realized that he seemed to have overlooked something.
Specks of red light flickered and Xun's figure appeared beside Luo Zheng again. When Xun appeared, the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan immediately knelt down.
Ling Yan even knelt in front of Xun and said, "Greetings, King!"
Luo Zheng smiled at Xun and said to Meng Tian, "You forgot about the Sky Feather Sacred Ground."
There were 14 major races on the Sea God Continent. These 40 major races all had their own sacred grounds.
However, there were strong and weak sacred grounds. Take the Human Clan's Purple Heart Sacred Ground for example. Because of the existence of a few Divine Sea Realm almighties, it was a sacred ground that had just passed the fifth grade and was promoted to the sixth grade. Two thousand years ago, the Human Clan didn't have their own sacred ground. At that time, there was only the Purple Heart Sect!
Among the 14 sacred grounds, it was considered the weakest.
The Flame Devil Sacred Ground and the Fear Devil Sacred Ground were the top of the sixth grade sacred grounds! When these two sacred grounds were combined, they could be promoted to the seventh grade sacred ground!
However, there was only one seventh grade sacred ground on the Sea God Continent, and that was the Sky Feather Sacred Ground! The reason why the Sky Feather Sacred Ground could be promoted to the seventh grade was because of the existence of Liu Yu!
Liu Yu also promised that she would do her best to assist Luo Zheng.
(Thank you, I can even breathe fire. 10,000 reading coins as a reward! Thank you to Chen Feng, Orchid Fox, Tiger Soul, Pan Nanhai, Novel Fanatic, Lei Qiyan, Tempered Steel, Jia Shao, Hyacinth for their tips, and many readers for their tips and monthly votes!)