As the King of the Yao Night Clan, Xun always exuded a lofty aura in front of anyone!
Even Battle Sages and Divine Sea Realm experts would feel inferior when they felt Xun's aura, let alone these peak Battle-Reverends.
But when Luo Zheng was alone, Xun was much more casual.
For example, when Luo Zheng entered the secret cultivation room, Xun would come out of Luo Zheng's body and walk around Luo Zheng. She would even talk to Luo Zheng …
This contrast made Luo Zheng feel very strange. Occasionally, she would spit out a few vulgarities, which made Luo Zheng speechless.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words and seeing Luo Zheng summon his sword spirit, Meng Tian's face became gloomy.
Meng Tian wasn't an idiot. How could he forget the Sky Feather Sacred Land?
However, would the Sky Feather Sacred Land really help the Purple Heart Sacred Land for this so-called "King"? Meng Tian had doubts about this.
It seemed that the peak Battle-Reverends of the Yao Night Clan respected their "King" a lot. However, the Sky Feather Sacred Land might not be willing to help when it came to the war between the Sacred Lands!
If Meng Tian went with Luo Zheng to the Sky Feather Sacred Land, he would know that Luo Zheng wasn't lying.
Xun was the spiritual totem of the Sky Feather Sacred Land. Even if she ordered the Sky Feather Sacred Land to attack the Twin Devil Sacred Land, Liu Yu wouldn't say no, let alone help the Purple Heart Sacred Land!
Xun didn't say anything, but Ling Yan understood Luo Zheng's thoughts. Ling Yan stood up and said, "If our King gives the order, the Sky Feather Sacred Land will go through fire and water!"
As the representative of the Yao Night Clan in the Sin Tower, Ling Yan's words were equivalent to Liu Yu's.
Xun blinked and said, "Whatever Luo Zheng says, you'll do."
Xun wanted to complete her revenge. Almost all of her hopes were pinned on Luo Zheng. Of course, she would do her best to help Luo Zheng.
Meng Tian muttered to himself. How trustworthy were the Yao Night Clan's words? Although the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was powerful, they would have to pay a heavy price if they went to war with the Twin Demon Holy Land.
This kind of thinking was a kind of torment for Meng Tian, because his judgment would affect the fate of the entire demon race.
Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face as he waited patiently. After a while, he said, "That's why I gave you a one-month buffer period!"
"What do you mean?" Meng Tian asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. The intelligence of the Demon Race wasn't that great. He estimated that they were only slightly smarter than the Beastmen and Giants. "In this one month, you can try to 'flatten' the Purple Heart Holy Land! Let's test the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground's reaction … "
Meng Tian frowned. Only now did he understand why Luo Zheng had given them a month's time.
In this one month buffer period, the Demon Race did not need to leave the Sin Tower. At this time, the game in the Sin Tower was handed over to the Holy Lands outside the Cursed Lands!
If the Twin Demon Holy Land won! They could indeed use the Purple Heart Holy Land to threaten Luo Zheng. If the Twin Demon Holy Land lost, or if they were afraid of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and did not dare to make a move against the Purple Heart Holy Land, then Meng Tian and the others would have to leave the Sin Tower!
At this time, Meng Tian's eyes suddenly lit up!
Leaving the Sin Tower would not cause any loss to Meng Tian. He was already a peak War Reverend, so he would have to leave the Sin Tower sooner or later.
However, after being kicked out of the Sin Tower, he would have to bear a great responsibility. When he returned to the Holy Land, he would have to face severe punishment!
However, Luo Zheng's plan reduced his responsibility by a lot.
After all, the one who would decide whether or not the Demon Race could stay in the Sin Tower was not Meng Tian, but the Twin Demon Holy Land. It was the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Twin Demon Holy Land …
Therefore, Meng Tian felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted off his shoulders!
"So that's how it is …" Meng Tian stood up and ordered the demon beside him, "Clean up Mo Qi's corpse. Today's negotiation ends here!"
Then, Meng Tian prepared to leave the hall. When he was halfway there, Meng Tian turned around and said, "Thank you."
This word of "thank you" made many people in the hall reveal strange expressions. Only a few people with quick minds, such as Xun, Ling Yan, and the others, understood. As for the others, their faces were full of blank expressions.
Why did Luo Zheng kill Meng Tian's people and force him to leave the Sin Tower with all the Demon Race? Why did Meng Tian have to thank Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng smiled and shrugged, "There's no need to thank me. We're in different positions."
After the Demon Race left, Zhao Fenqin said in a low voice, "Luo Zheng, will the Demon Night Clan help our Purple Heart Holy Land?"
"Let's wait and see. Even if the Demon Night Clan doesn't help, I won't kick the Demon Race out of the Sin Tower," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's words caused Zhao Fenqin's mind to be in a mess. No matter what, this news had to be passed on to the Purple Heart Holy Land as soon as possible so that they could prepare in advance!
On the Sea God Continent, there was an intense battle going on around the Sin Tower!
Although the Sea God Continent was extremely chaotic, it had been peaceful for over a dozen years. Besides the Twin Demon Holy Land constantly expanding their territory, the other races were relatively peaceful.
Facing the oppression of the Twin Demon Holy Land, the other races were angry, but they didn't dare to speak up. Whether it was in the Sin Tower or on the Sea God Continent, they could only endure!
Recently, the Twin Demon Holy Land had made a new move. The Flame Demon Holy Land and Fear Demon Holy Land had suddenly declared war on the Purple Heart Holy Land!
This rumor caused the trillions of people on the Sea God Continent to be at a loss.
The Twin Demon Holy Land and the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land were separated by the Giant Race's Holy Land. Generally speaking, when a Holy Land declared war between two Holy Lands, it meant that they were prepared to completely annihilate the other!
But they didn't know why the Demon Race would suddenly attack the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Destroying the Purple Heart Holy Land wouldn't benefit the Demon Race much, not to mention that the Twin Demon Holy Land had the Demon Night Clan's Sky Feather Holy Land behind them!
All kinds of information and analysis were circulating in the various Holy Lands. The other races naturally wouldn't join in the fun. Now that the Twin Demon Holy Land had made a move, the Purple Heart Holy Land was destined to be destroyed. The other races were happy to watch the show from the side.
But the following information was worth pondering over!
The Purple Heart Holy Land had actually declared war on the Twin Demon Holy Land …
The Purple Heart Holy Land and the Twin Demon Holy Land weren't on the same level. What confidence did the human race have to declare war on the Twin Demon Holy Land?
The Twin Demon Holy Land was like an adult armed to the teeth. He could say to a weak child that he wanted to kill him.
And the human race was that child.
Not only did the child not run away, but he also didn't beg for mercy. Instead, he declared war on the adult. This went against common sense.
A war between Holy Lands was not child's play. It was a war where blood flowed like rivers. Every step taken by both sides had been through countless deductions and competitions. If the human race dared to turn against the Twin Demon Holy Land, then they definitely had something to rely on …
It was just that they didn't understand. What did the human race rely on?
However, as the news spread bit by bit, they soon understood that the Human Race was relying on Luo Zheng!
The 14 Holy Lands had countless spies planted in the Sin Tower. They were well aware of the Sin Tower's movements. There were more than a trillion living beings on the Sea God Continent. There were always some who were incomparably intelligent.
After the Purple Heart Holy Land declared war on the Twin Demon Holy Land, some intelligent beings predicted that the Fiend Night Clan would also declare war on the Twin Demon Holy Land.
Sure enough, ten days later, the Fiend Night Clan declared war on the Twin Demon Holy Land …
During this month, the Sin Tower was immersed in slaughter and plunder as usual. This was a normal state that had been maintained for countless years.
However, the three races on the Sea God Continent were in the midst of a repeated game of probing.
The Purple Heart Holy Land entered a state of alert. As for the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land, they were led by many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders. They sent a million martial artists to close in on the Purple Heart Holy Land.
But at the same time, Liu Yu of the Sky Feather Holy Land personally led many elites of the Sky Feather Holy Land to the side of the Flame Demon Holy Land.
The Sky Feather Holy Land's intentions were clear. If the Twin Demon Holy Land moved against the Purple Heart Holy Land, then the Sky Feather Holy Land would also raze the Twin Demon Holy Land to the ground!
Although the Sky Feather Holy Land would suffer great losses if they attacked the Twin Demon Holy Land, the Sky Feather Holy Land couldn't disobey Xun's orders. Clearly, now was not the time to calculate the price.
＝＝＝＝＝