The predecessor of the Purple Heart Holy Land was the Purple Heart Sect.
The two words "Purple Heart" came from the name of a spring in Mount Zhuori. It was called the Purple Heart Spring.
This incomparably clear spring water flowed out of Mount Zhuori. It was fused with a special mineral, so it was purple. Legend had it that drinking the Purple Heart Spring could make one immune to all diseases and strengthen one's body.
Back then, the Purple Heart Sect had also developed from a small second-grade Sect. Later, under the pressure of other races, the Purple Heart Sect continuously merged with other human Sects and finally grew into a colossus. It also became the most important habitat of the human race.
The Purple Heart Spring of the past had now become the Sacred Spring of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Although this spring water didn't have much effect on cultivators, the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land still took a sip of the Purple Heart Spring as an honor!
Next to the Purple Heart Spring, there were three human men.
The one in the lead wore a purple crown and had a jade-like face. His cultivation was unfathomable. He was the current leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land, the Divine Sea Realm powerhouse Ouyang Haotian!
The other two were old men. Although the two of them looked old, their eyes were like lightning, bright and full of spirit. They seemed to be full of energy.
These two old men were also Divine Sea Realm powerhouses. Divine Sea Realm powerhouses had a long lifespan. Some Divine Sea Realm martial artists who had lived for a long time could even live for eight or nine thousand years, or even ten thousand years, becoming an eternal giant!
"Right now, the Holy Land is in a state of panic. If the Demon Race doesn't send their troops, I'm afraid our Holy Land will fall into chaos first …" Ouyang Haotian bent down and drank a handful of water.
"They don't dare to make a move," one of the old men said with certainty.
"If we wanted to make a move, we would have done so long ago. If we were to be frightened by this group of Devil Clan, our Purple Heart Holy Land would be in a mess. That would be a real joke!" Another old man revealed an angry expression.
Ouyang Haotian shook his head, "There's no other way. Our human race has been weak for many years. It would be a lie to say that they don't panic when facing the Demon Race. Now that the Demon Race is standing at our doorstep and the people in the Tower of Sin are in the minority, do you think they will believe the Demon Race or Luo Zheng who isn't from the Purple Heart Holy Land?"
During this period of time, the Purple Heart Holy Land kept sending people into the Sin Tower.
At the same time, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were shuttling back and forth between the Sin Tower and the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Zhao Fenqin was very confident. He swore that the Devil Race would not dare to attack the Purple Heart Holy Land. Moreover, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would definitely take action.
At first, Ouyang Haotian was still a little hesitant. After all, compared to trusting Luo Zheng, who was only a rank 1 warlord, whom he had never met before, he trusted his own strength more!
However, no matter how powerful Ouyang Haotian was, he couldn't fight against the many Divine Sea Realm cultivators in the Twin Devil Sacred Ground!
Just as the Purple Heart Holy Land was preparing for war, the Sky Feather Holy Land had personally sent someone over to discuss countermeasures with him.
Thus, when the Twin Devil Holy Lands moved out, the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands also moved out …
At this time, Ouyang Haotian understood that whether he was willing or not, the fate of the Purple Heart Holy Land was already tied together with that mysterious brat from the Sin Tower.
From Ouyang Haotian's point of view, the Purple Heart Holy Land now had a considerable advantage. The Devil Race was just putting on an act. Up until now, besides destroying a small rank 2 sect on the periphery of the Purple Heart Holy Land, the Devil Race hadn't made any other moves. The Devil Race didn't dare to take a step closer to the Purple Heart Holy Land because Liu Yu was leading people into the Twin Devil Holy Land's territory.
Ouyang Haotian wasn't worried, but that didn't mean that the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land weren't worried.
These people were still unwilling to tie their fates to a mere rank 1 warlord!
Not to mention the low-level martial artists of the Purple Heart Holy Land, even some of the Battle-Saint level powerhouses couldn't trust Luo Zheng!
Even if Situ Haotian relayed what happened in the Sin Tower, many people still chose not to believe him. Many Battle-Saints and Battle-Saints even began to leave the Purple Heart Holy Land with their families …
Situ Haotian also had a headache about this, but there wasn't much he could do. He couldn't enter the Cursed Lands, and it was even more impossible for him to go out and compete with the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Devil Race. Right now, the only thing he could do was wait.
One month, as long as he could endure this month, everything would be clear!
If what Zhao Fenqin said was true, and Luo Zheng expelled all the Devil Race, then the human race wouldn't just have five seats. The human race could take all the Devil Race's seats! Even if Luo Zheng wanted to give some to the Yao Ye Clan, the human race would be able to keep at least a dozen seats.
This way, the human race would soar into the sky and become the second strongest force in the Sin Tower!
The Sin Tower was a mini version of the Sea God Continent. The strength of the various races in the Sin Tower was a replica of the forces on the Sea God Continent!
With so many seats occupied by the human race, more and more powerhouses would be born. In a few years, the Purple Heart Holy Land would also soar into the sky, and the human race would truly rise on the Sea God Continent.
Situ Haotian was still very young. As long as he didn't fall, he would be able to see this scene in his lifetime!
Under his responsibility, the human race would prosper, and the Purple Heart Holy Land would prosper. Situ Haotian was naturally happy.
"No matter what, we must endure!"
"It would be best if that kid Luo Zheng came to our Purple Heart Holy Land …"
The two old men continued to give advice.
Situ Haotian bitterly smiled, "That kid's face is too big. I asked Zhao Fenqin to invite him twice, but he didn't come! If we can endure this month, I hope he can come to the Purple Heart Holy Land … "
In fact, it wasn't just the human race that was worried.
The Devil Race's situation wasn't much better.
The Sin Tower was a catalyst for geniuses and powerhouses. It was also a place that all martial artists would fight for!
If the Devil Race was truly expelled from the Sin Tower, they would be fine for a short period of time. But if this continued for a long time, their decline was almost inevitable.
The Twin Demon Holy Land didn't have much interest in the Purple Heart Holy Land, but only the Purple Heart Holy Land could threaten Luo Zheng. They hoped that Luo Zheng would change his mind, so the Twin Demon Holy Land declared war on the Purple Heart Holy Land because they had no other choice.
The problem was that just as the Twin Demon Holy Land declared war, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land declared war on the Devil Race. Liu Yu personally led a group of people into the territory of the Flame Demon Holy Land.
All the Devil Race people found themselves in a dilemma.
Could they really flatten the Purple Heart Holy Land? Although they could destroy the human race, they still wouldn't be able to change the situation in the Sin Tower. What was even more troublesome was that the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would take this opportunity to flatten the Twin Demon Holy Land. As a result, the Twin Demon Holy Land would collapse, and the Devil Race would lose the Sin Tower forever, their destruction imminent.
Let go of the Purple Heart Holy Land? Then one month later, the Devil Race would also lose the Sin Tower. After losing such an important training ground, what awaited the Devil Race was a slow death. It was conceivable that the Devil Race would decline bit by bit, eventually drowning in the long river of history.
In the Sea God Continent, some powerful races had been eliminated. No one could resist the law of natural selection!
What to do next? Many Divine Sea Realm experts were at a loss …
They only wanted to use the Purple Heart Holy Land to threaten Luo Zheng. But now, not only was it difficult to threaten Luo Zheng, but their own backyard was also about to catch fire.
At this time, the most comfortable person was Liu Yu.
She was wearing a purple robe and sitting at the top of a dark mountain. Black smoke constantly floated out from this mountain.
The Flame Demon Holy Land was like this. There were thousands of active volcanoes of various sizes everywhere. That was why the Holy Land had the word "Flame" in its name.
The mission that Xun gave to Liu Yu was very simple. She only needed to sit here with her people. If the Devil Race didn't attack the Purple Heart Holy Land, then Liu Yu wouldn't attack the Twin Devil Holy Land.
Two hundred years ago, Liu Yu entered the Sin Tower. At that time, she had accumulated a lot of hatred with the Devil Race. She was also heavily targeted by the Devil Race.
In Liu Yu's heart, she had always wanted to find an opportunity to eliminate the Devil Race. But such an opportunity had never appeared. Although the Sky Feather Holy Land was a seventh-rank Holy Land, if she wanted to take down the Twin Devil Holy Land head-on, she was afraid that she would lose most of her forces. At that time, it was hard to guarantee that the other races wouldn't become restless.
But now, Liu Yu found that Luo Zheng's appearance had created a perfect opportunity for her. Without losing a single soldier, she could weaken the Devil Race and even slowly erase them!
It could be said that even if Xun didn't give this order, Liu Yu would still choose to take action at this time. She and the Devil Race weren't friends, but the enemy of an enemy was a friend!