The situation on the Sea God Continent was delicate. Even the people in the Sin Tower were panicking.
Because the Cursed Land was a small version of the Sea God Continent, the information flow was much faster here. Many races would send people to the Cursed Land every day to obtain information.
It was as if a huge typhoon had swept through the Sea God Continent. The Cursed Land was at the center of the typhoon, while the Sin Tower was at the eye of the typhoon.
Luo Zheng, who was at the eye of the typhoon, was very calm. He did not pay much attention to the outside world.
However, Luo Zheng still had a small worry. Luo Zheng could not stay on the tenth floor any longer.
After a period of battle, the Light of Creation he had accumulated had already allowed Luo Zheng to advance to a Second Order Champion.
The Sin Tower was indeed a mystical place. The speed of advancement through the Light of Creation was countless times faster than cultivating in the outside world!
This was also the reason why the various races attached importance to the Sin Tower. As long as one's talent was strong enough, they could rapidly advance in the Sin Tower and train themselves.
Based on Luo Zheng's training speed, it would not be long before Luo Zheng could surpass the Champion rank and advance to a War Reverend.
However, ever since Luo Zheng defeated the Second Order War Reverend from the Beast Race, the Champions on the tenth floor finally came to a realization.
The tenth floor of the Sin Tower was a place where Deity rank geniuses from various races gathered. Although Luo Zheng had defeated Yue Shou and the others, there were still many Deity rank geniuses who were unconvinced. No Deity rank genius was willing to fall behind others. Moreover, other than the original Deity rank geniuses on the tenth floor, there were also geniuses who had advanced from the ninth floor.
However, ever since Luo Zheng defeated the Second Order War Reverend, those geniuses finally understood that the gap between them and Luo Zheng was not small.
With Luo Zheng's current cultivation, his opponent should be a War Reverend, not a Champion!
These Deity rank geniuses were willing to take a gamble. If they could defeat Luo Zheng, they would obtain great glory! However, even though they knew that they could not defeat Luo Zheng, they still went to the arena. They would either be throwing away their lives or giving away their Light of Creation for free …
Then, Luo Zheng began to encounter empty spots.
After being cleared for three consecutive days, Luo Zheng obtained the authority to ascend to the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin. He originally wanted to stay on the tenth floor for a while. He hoped to accumulate more Light of Good Fortune on the tenth floor before entering the next floor.
However, on the fourth day, the fifth day, and the sixth day … it was still empty.
Staying here any longer would be a waste of time.
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only choose to leave the tenth floor and enter the eleventh floor.
At this time, half of the buffer period Luo Zheng gave the demons had already passed.
This matter had slowly spread throughout the Tower of Sin, and every race was discussing it in private.
The other races, of course, held the attitude of watching a joke as they discussed this matter. The Demon Race had always been arrogant and overbearing in the Tower of Sin. In the past, the other races didn't dare to say anything, but now that the Demon Race had been expelled from the Tower of Sin by Luo Zheng, it was definitely a good thing for them. Many of the weaker races couldn't wait to clap their hands and send off the Demon Race.
As for the Demon Race, their faces were filled with dismay.
Many Demon Race members rarely went to the arena, and even rarely appeared in the public areas of the Tower of Sin. They were all very careful, and even their voices were lowered.
This month was a very crucial month for the Demon Race.
If the Demon Night Clan didn't give way, then the Purple Heart Holy Land wouldn't give way. If the Purple Heart Holy Land didn't give way, then Luo Zheng wouldn't give way.
If Luo Zheng didn't give way, then all the Demon Race would have to get out of the Tower of Sin, including all the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race!
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin, two War Reverends of the Demon Race walked towards him. These were two War Reverends of the third rank.
"Luo Zheng, right? You finally climbed to the eleventh floor! Are you interested in going to the arena now? "
"Second rank War General, climbing to the eleventh floor, you really don't know how to write the word 'death', hehe!"
The two War Reverends of the Demon Race provoked Luo Zheng.
Although the Demon Race already understood that they couldn't fight against Luo Zheng in the Tower of Sin, even Mo Qi, who was ranked fourth among the Peak War Reverends, was instantly killed by Luo Zheng, how could the other races be a match for Luo Zheng?
However, to the Demon Race, there was still one last way, and that was to kill Luo Zheng in the arena.
In fact, with the personality of the Demon Race, even if they couldn't resist Luo Zheng, there would still be many Demon Race members who would be willing to fight Luo Zheng to the death. On the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin, there was not only one Moon Guardian, but also many Tenth Rank War Generals of the Demon Race.
After Luo Zheng and Meng Tian's negotiation, many Tenth Rank War Generals volunteered to kill Luo Zheng in the arena, but they were stopped in the end.
Luo Zheng was puzzled at first. According to the personality of the Demon Race, how could they resist? Since they couldn't deal with him in the arena, this impulsive race would naturally choose to deal with him in the arena.
As a result, he encountered an empty arena for several days and had no choice but to advance.
However, after seeing these two War Reverends, Luo Zheng understood that these guys knew that it would be difficult for War Generals to kill him, so they simply endured in the tenth floor and forced him to enter the eleventh floor.
Starting from the eleventh floor of the Tower of Sin, there were very few War Generals. The majority of Divine Rank geniuses would stay on the tenth floor. Even if they had the qualifications to enter the eleventh floor, they would make sufficient preparations on the tenth floor and break through to War Reverend before entering the eleventh floor.
Even Moon Guardian and Mu Qing Yang, whose strength was absolutely qualified to challenge First and Second Rank War Reverends, still chose to stay on the tenth floor and continuously absorb the Light of Good Fortune. They were bound to break through to War Reverend on the tenth floor.
Luo Zheng was forced to go up to the eleventh floor. How could the Demon Race Reverends on the eleventh floor endure?
Because of this brat Luo Zheng, all the Demon Race in the Tower of Sin were very passive, all the Peak War Reverends were very passive, and even the Flame Demon Holy Land and the Fear Demon Holy Land were very passive …
No matter who it was, as long as they could kill Luo Zheng, they would be the savior of the Demon Race!
Therefore, just as Luo Zheng entered the eleventh floor, before he could even stabilize his footing, two Demon Race Reverends appeared.
Facing the provocation of these two Demon Race Reverends, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and smiled faintly, "I accept your challenge, but you must be prepared to lose your lives!"
"We Demon Race don't have anyone who is greedy for life and afraid of death! Besides, you're just a Second Rank War General. "One of the Demon Race Reverends sneered.
The other Demon Race Reverend also laughed wildly, "Yes, as long as you don't use your bullshit ability! Hahaha … "
Luo Zheng raised his hand slightly, "Are you talking about this ability?"
An invisible force immediately wrapped around the War Reverend of the Devil Clan. The War Reverend's expression changed greatly. Although the death of the Peak War Reverend Mo Qi was not spread, the inner circle of the Devil Clan was very clear that as long as Luo Zheng moved his finger slightly, he would be torn in two!
"You, the rules of the Tower of Sin forbid you from fighting in the safe zone!" The Demon Race Reverend was anxious, his face pale.
"Safe zone?" Luo Zheng sneered, "The rules of the safe zone were set by all the seat holders, but I think it won't be long before this rule is abolished!"
"This is the rule set by all the races," the Demon Race Reverend quickly said.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, his finger moved slightly, and the Demon Race Reverend fell to the ground with a plop. Then, Luo Zheng walked towards the battle arena, as if there was no one around, he said, "The new rules will be set by me."
When the other races saw this scene, there was a burst of discussion.
"This Luo Zheng is too domineering, he really doesn't seem like a human!"
"What he said is not wrong. If we put aside his identity as a human, he is now equivalent to the controller of the Tower of Sin. Who can resist him in the Tower of Sin? Ling Yan? Meng Tian? Didn't he kill her in the blink of an eye? It's not inappropriate for him to set the rules! "
"The rules will be set by whoever has the biggest fist. This is the real rule! The Tower of Sin has been operating according to this rule all these years. When the Demon Race took over the entire Tower of Sin, who dared to question the Demon Race? "
Just as the crowd was discussing, Luo Zheng walked onto the battle arena and pointed at the two Demon Race Reverends, "There are still fifteen days. In these fifteen days, I will give you a chance to challenge me!"
"I'm going to kill him!" The Demon Race Reverend crawled up from the ground, his face filled with fury. After he finished speaking, he rushed towards the battle arena.
For the Demon Race, there were still two opportunities. Either they could take down the Purple Heart Holy Land in these fifteen days, or they could kill Luo Zheng in the Tower of Sin.