The War Venerable of the Devil Clan leaped up and fiercely stomped on the stage. The huge force even caused the stage to slightly cave in. However, the ground of the stage quickly recovered.
A little red light surged around Luo Zheng, and Xun's figure appeared beside Luo Zheng. She stretched out her hand towards Luo Zheng and said, "Give it to me."
"Give what?" Ever since Xun regained her consciousness, she often jumped out on her own.
"The spear!" Xun said faintly.
"What for?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Let me exercise a bit in these few battles," Xun's lips curled up slightly.
Perhaps it was because she had been stuck in Luo Zheng's body for too long that Xun made this request.
Luo Zheng wanted to see Xun's spear skills in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. So, Luo Zheng lightly tapped his spatial ring and a long spear flew towards Xun.
Xun held the long spear in her hand, and her aura suddenly changed. From Xun's fiery eyes, endless killing intent bloomed!
"Why, why did it change?"
"That's our Demon Night Clan's King. It's an honor to be able to see King fight!"
"That's Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit body. It can be regarded as Luo Zheng's avatar. It's very common to use avatars in battle, but this avatar has its own consciousness, this …"
On the stage, the Demon Race War Reverend's eyes flashed. At this time, he couldn't care less. In his eyes, there was only Luo Zheng! Even if he had to sacrifice his own life, he had to kill Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng was killed, even if he died, he would still be the hero of the entire Demon Race!
The Twin Demon Holy Land pursued heroism, and dying on the battlefield was a kind of glory for them.
Therefore, he didn't care about the Sword Spirit or whether Luo Zheng wanted to fight. In any case, as long as he stood on the stage, his first goal was to kill Luo Zheng.
The Demon War Senior then circulated his Vital Spirit to his legs. After that, his Vital Spirit broke out. Like a rampaging elephant, this Demon War Senior directly bypassed Xun and rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"Your opponent is me." Xun's expression was indifferent. The long spear in her hand silently pierced through the space and pointed at War Venerable of the Demon Race.
"Scram!" While the Demon Race's War Senior was rushing forward, he blocked Xun's spear with his saber. He did not stop at all and continued to rush towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was standing in a corner of the arena. His arms were hanging down and his expression was indifferent. Facing this War Reverend of the Demon Race, he was not in a fighting state at all.
"How dare you insult our king! This demon must be executed!"
"My king will naturally take his life!"
When the Demon Race's War Venerable scolded Xun, many people from the Yao Ye Clan began to make a fuss. How could they allow their king to be insulted? If it weren't for the rules of the arena, the Yao Ye Clan's War Reverends would have already rushed forward!
After Xun's spear was blocked by the Demon, the tip of the spear drew a long arc in the air. Then, with a gentle shake of Xun's spear, the shaft of the spear bent like a venomous snake raising its head!
Then, she lightly shook her arm and the spear was thrown out. The tip of the spear tore through the air and made a loud 'pa' sound as it pierced towards the Demon Race's War Senior's back.
Luo Zheng stared at the Demon Race's War Senior with a calm expression. He even had the time to remind the Demon Race's War Senior that there was danger behind him.
How sensitive was a War Senior's cultivation? How could the Demon Race's War Senior not feel the danger behind him?
But Luo Zheng was right in front of him! And from the looks of it, he had no intention of resisting!
So what if the spear pierced through him? As long as he chopped Luo Zheng in half, he would be a great hero of the Demon Race!
Therefore, the Demon Race's War Senior didn't have any scruples about the spear behind him. He originally had the intention to fight with his life on the line. He wasn't the only one who had this thought, all the Demon Race's War Senior had it!
The moment he rushed in front of Luo Zheng, the Demon Race's War Senior's War Senior's astral essence erupted. Surging power poured into his saber, as if this saber contained all the power he had in his life.
"Die for me!"
The Demon Race's War Senior roared.
Unfortunately, just as he raised his saber, the tip of Xun's spear had already pierced through his back.
The Demon Race's War Senior originally wanted to rely on his tall and sturdy body to resist Xun's spear and kill Luo Zheng in one strike even if he had to risk his life.
But the Demon Race's War Senior had underestimated the power of Xun's spear.
In the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands, Xun had only casually thrust out her spear. But, from the strange aura contained within that spear, not only had Luo Zheng been startled, but even Liu Yu had felt his heart skip a beat.
A sword spirit's strength increased along with its master's cultivation. When Xun had only used a sword dance, her strength had been on par with Luo Zheng's.
But now, Xun used a spear, and the martial skill she cultivated was a spear technique. It was the peak inheritance of the Demon Night Clan!
Although Xun hadn't said what sort of martial skill her spear technique was, Luo Zheng estimated that this spear technique was at least a transcendent divine might!
"Boom!"
Xun's spear pierced through the Demon Race's War Senior's back. Then, a turbulent infernal energy vortex erupted from within.
This infernal energy vortex didn't revolve towards the center, but spread out in all directions!
As it spread out, the Demon Race's War Senior's body was twisted to pieces. As for the Demon Race's War Senior's saber that was aimed at Luo Zheng, it was no longer able to cut down.
Clang! The Demon Race's War Senior's saber fell to the ground, emitting a crisp sound.
From start to finish, Luo Zheng hadn't moved a single step. Facing the War Senior's frontal attack, she was still so calm. Luo Zheng truly believed in Xun's strength.
However, Xun revealed a dull expression. She curled her lips and said, "He won't fight me."
Luo Zheng chuckled. "Someone will fight you."
Luo Zheng had already thoroughly understood the temperament of the demons. As long as he was in the arena, the demons would constantly jump at him!
When he was on the tenth floor, Luo Zheng had carefully considered his options before he chose to enter the eleventh floor.
The battle outside the Cursed Lands had already reached a stalemate. As long as the Sky Feather Holy Lands didn't withdraw their troops, the demons wouldn't dare to attack the Purple Heart Holy Lands. The Purple Heart Holy Lands could afford to delay, and the Sky Feather Holy Lands could also afford to delay. However, to the Twin Demon Holy Lands, there wasn't much time left. Half a month's time was just the blink of an eye for cultivators.
Other than looking for an opportunity to break the stalemate outside the Cursed Lands, killing Luo Zheng in front of them was obviously more direct. Based on this, the Demon Race's War Seniors would continuously walk onto the stage!
Just as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the second Demon Race's War Senior also jumped onto the stage …
Luo Zheng spread his hands towards Xun and said with a faint smile, "Why don't you do it?"
Xun nodded and suddenly turned around. Her spear shot out, the tip of the spear pointed at her second opponent.
The first opponent was completely charging towards Luo Zheng with his life on the line. He didn't dodge or defend against Xun's spear because he had underestimated Xun's strength.
The second Demon Race's War Senior was much more cautious. In his opinion, if he could kill Luo Zheng with his life on the line, he would naturally choose to do so. But in the current situation, let alone going all out, even if he managed to get close to Luo Zheng, he would still be pierced to pieces by that woman's spear! There was simply no chance for him to go all out.
The most important thing was to kill this woman in front of him …
Unfortunately, this Demon Race's War Senior still didn't correctly assess Xun's strength. Xun's spear technique contained a special kind of 'power'. This kind of 'power' was something that even Luo Zheng couldn't comprehend. Every thrust of her spear contained an invisible fluctuation. This fluctuation contained a power that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. In fact, even the number one genius of the Sky Feather Holy Land, Liu Yu, couldn't understand it.
Luo Zheng sometimes felt that the invisible fluctuation was somewhat similar to the power of the tool spirit in the Sin Tower. The power possessed by the tool spirit in the Sin Tower should come from the original owner of the Sin Tower. Was there some kind of connection between them?
Perhaps Luo Zheng would have to find an opportunity to ask.
Anyone with discerning eyes could see that the second Demon Race's War Senior was no match for Xun. The sharpness of Xun's spear technique was far beyond the imagination of these Demon Race's War Seniors on the 11th floor.
In just 10 spears, the weapon of that Demon Race's War Senior was directly shattered into rice-sized fragments. The last spear directly pierced through his throat.
After the Demon Race's War Senior fell to the ground, a blazing white streamer shot towards Luo Zheng's chest.
The Light of Good Fortune accumulated by the two Demon Race's War Seniors was already comparable to the Light of Good Fortune accumulated by 10 Demon Race's War Generals. Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng had no choice but to climb up to the 11th floor.
It took Xun less than the time it took for two incense sticks to burn to kill the two Demon Race's War Seniors.
There were still a few Demon Race's War Seniors who were eager to give it a try, but now they were a little hesitant. They couldn't even get past Xun, so how could they challenge Luo Zheng?
＝＝＝＝＝