On the top floor of the Tower of Sin, in the second small world.
Many of the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan had dejected looks on their faces.
Although many of the Demon Clan's War Elder s on the eleventh floor were still challenging Luo Zheng, they knew in their hearts that this was a futile struggle.
Back then, when Luo Zheng was only a War General, he could easily defeat Yue Shou. Now that Luo Zheng was a War General of the second step, he was not afraid of facing an ordinary War Elder.
The most important thing was that Luo Zheng was not an idiot.
So what if he could win against Luo Zheng in the arena? He could still use the power of the Tower of Sin to kill people …
Rules did not exist in the eyes of the strong. They were only used to restrain the weak.
Expecting Luo Zheng to abide by the rules? That would be a fool's dream.
These Peak War Elder s also saw through it.
Many of the Demon Clan's War Elder s had already understood the situation. Right now, the Demon Clan in the Tower of Sin had already lost, and many of them had already started to clean up the mess, preparing to return home.
"We still have one last chance." At this time, Meng Tian suddenly said, "Who is willing to stay?"
"You mean to fight with Luo Zheng to the death?" A Peak War Elder asked.
Meng Tian coldly glared at the Peak War Elder. Sometimes, his colleague's brain was not very good.
Another Peak War Elder said, "Indeed, there is one last chance!"
Meng Tian laughed, "And the chances of winning are very high."
More and more war elder s also reacted, and hope flashed in their eyes.
Yes, in less than half a month, Luo Zheng would expel all the Demon Clan s from the Tower of Sin, but he would not be able to expel all of them!
Back then, they had hidden two War Sage Rankers in the secret passage below the Tower of Sin, and they could even avoid the Xuan Ming Death Ray in the secret passage.
When the Xuan Ming Death Ray in the Xuan Ming Cave weakened, there was a high chance that Luo Zheng would enter the Xuan Ming Cave to explore. Even if he did not go this year, Luo Zheng would still go next year.
The lifespan of a Peak War Elder was long, a mere few years was enough to wait!
Furthermore, he could cultivate in the secret passage!
Many of the Peak War Elder present, such as Meng Tian and the others, had been suppressing their cultivation to prevent themselves from breaking through to the War Sage Realm and being affected by the Cursed Grounds.
If they chose to hide in the secret tunnel at this time and seek a breakthrough to become a Battle-Saint, and then wait for Luo Zheng to enter the Xuanming Cave...
Luo Zheng was indeed a genius, and the strength he unleashed was indeed strong, but that was only for ordinary war elder, and was not worth mentioning in the eyes of these Peak war elder. Moreover, it would not be long before the Peak war elder who was hiding in the secret passage would be able to advance to the War Sage Realm.
Inside the Dark Nether Cave, Luo Zheng would not be able to borrow the power of the Sin Tower. It would not be too difficult to kill Luo Zheng!
"If we plan this matter now, the Purple Heart Sacred Land will definitely not be able to take it down. Half a month later, everyone can only give up the Tower of Sin." Meng Tian continued, "I've already suppressed my cultivation for several years. It won't be difficult for me to break through the Battle-Saint realm. Who else is willing to follow me?"
"Me," a peak war elder said in a muffled voice.
"And me!"
"I can also break through in a short period of time!"
Most of the Peak war elders in the Tower of Sin would suppress their cultivation. After all, the cultivation speed in the Tower of Sin was much faster than the outside world. Once they left the Tower of Sin, they would not have the chance to enter again.
The benefits of suppressing one's cultivation were obvious. The stronger the suppression, the faster one's cultivation would rise after breaking through to the War Sage Realm. It was as if the more a person was suppressed, the stronger the rebound.
Meng Tian glanced at them a few times before saying, "Yuan Bai, Tian Hu, the two of you stay behind."
Yuan Bai and Tian Hu were ranked 18th and 22nd respectively among the seat controllers.
It was impossible for Meng Tian to stay behind. He was the leader of the Demon Clan in the Tower of Sin.
Meng Tian's eyes flickered as he stared at Yuan Bai and Tian Hu and said, "Whether or not our Demon Clan can return to the Tower of Sin will depend on the two of you!"
Yuan Bai and Tian Hu, the two peak war elder's faces suddenly revealed a dense killing intent, "Don't worry, as long as that brat dares to enter the Dark Nether Cave, I will definitely tear him to pieces!"
Half a month passed in the blink of an eye.
The entire Sea God Continent was immersed in a strange atmosphere.
Although the Twin Devil Sacred Ground declared war on the Purple Heart Sacred Ground, they did not fight. As for the Sky Feather Sacred Ground, it was the same …
When the one month buffer that Luo Zheng gave to Meng Tian was up, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground retreated. At the same time, Liu Yu also returned to the Sky Feather Sacred Ground.
As for the Tower of Sin, the Demon Clan left the Tower of Sin one after another.
The Demon Clan relied on the Tower of Sin to prosper. When their momentum was at its peak, they almost controlled the entire Tower of Sin with the strength of a single clan. Now that they had no choice but to leave, this scene made the living beings of the other clans sigh.
"That human brat really created a miracle. He chased the entire Demon Clan out of the Tower of Sin with his strength alone!"
"Why do I suddenly feel that the Demon Clan is somewhat pitiful?"
"Pitiful my ass. If you were suppressed by the Demon Clan back then, you would understand that the Demon Clan brought this upon themselves!"
On this day, many living beings left the Tower of Sin. They stood at the entrance of the Tower of Sin and watched as the Demon Clan left.
The Demon Clan warriors, Generals, and even many Peak War Reverends left the Tower of Sin one by one. Although their faces were filled with unwillingness, they had no other choice at this time.
Luo Zheng had already said that from tomorrow onwards, as long as they saw any Demon Clan member in the Tower of Sin, they would kill them.
Under such circumstances, the Demon Clan staying in the Tower of Sin was just courting death.
Many Demon Clan members formed a thin line and headed north of the Cursed Lands. There were two Teleportation Arrays that led to the Flame Demon Sacred Ground and the Fear Demon Sacred Ground.
Most of the Demon Clan members were filled with disappointment, hatred, and unwillingness.
Why couldn't they understand that such a powerful clan like them had fallen to a human brat for no reason?
Only a few Peak War Reverends knew that they would return sooner or later.
This depended on when Luo Zheng would enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. As long as they killed Luo Zheng, the Demon Clan would be able to fight for the top seat of the Tower of Sin and regain control of the Tower of Sin!
Standing on the platform at the end of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng's gaze was calm.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng had absorbed a hundred times more Light of Good Fortune than before. In half a month, at least three to four War Reverends from the Demon Clan would challenge Luo Zheng every day. With the high intensity of training and the large amount of Light of Good Fortune, Luo Zheng's cultivation had rapidly increased. The Tower of Sin was indeed a cultivation Holy Land. Now, Luo Zheng's cultivation was already at the sixth level of War General!
According to what Luo Zheng knew, the Mysterious Underworld Cave still had three to four months before the Mysterious Underworld Deathray would slowly weaken.
Therefore, Luo Zheng still had plenty of time.
According to what Luo Zheng knew, the Mysterious Underworld Deathray would weaken for a period of time every year. However, this time wasn't fixed. Sometimes, it would weaken a month earlier, and sometimes it would weaken a month later.
However, once it was activated, the Deathray wouldn't cause any harm for a month.
I will definitely obtain the inheritance in the Mysterious Underworld Cave! I believe that it won't be long before I can return to the Central Domain …
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. However, as he looked around, he suddenly saw Meng Tian in the distance suddenly turn his head and reveal a strange smile at Luo Zheng.
Seeing Meng Tian's smile, Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped and he frowned.
"It seems that the Demon Clan won't give up so easily," Luo Zheng indifferently said in his mind.
Then, Luo Zheng's legs started to sink. His whole body had already merged with the Tower of Sin.
Because the Tower of Sin was stuck in the Cursed Land, Luo Zheng was actually standing at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. After his body merged with the Tower of Sin, he kept shuttling back and forth in the Tower of Sin.
First floor, second floor … tenth floor, fourteenth floor, fifteenth floor.
Soon, Luo Zheng arrived at the top of the Tower of Sin!
Now, it was meaningless to talk about the empty stage and the qualifications to advance to the next level for Luo Zheng.
Even the Demon Clan had been driven away by Luo Zheng alone. He had already drifted away from the rules of the Tower of Sin.
Standing in the central hall of the fifteenth floor, Luo Zheng suddenly said indifferently, "All seat holders, come out. It's time to set new rules."