Now that the demons had been driven out of the Tower of Sin, it was time to reshuffle the cards.
Previously, the demons had taken 26 seats, so how would they be distributed?
Every race's seat controller had their own plans.
At the same time, they knew that Luo Zheng could distribute the 26 seats however he wanted!
Judging from the current situation, the only race that Luo Zheng had to be wary of was the Yao Ye Clan. After all, the Purple Heart Holy Land was under the protection of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. If the Yao Ye Clan didn't appear, the Twin Devil Holy Land would still have the power to flatten the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Although the Tower of Sin was important, if a Holy Land wanted to truly rise, it would take decades, centuries, or even millennia!
Thus, the other race's seat controllers estimated that some of the 26 seats would be given to the Yao Ye Clan, while the rest would be given to the humans.
As for the other races … As long as Luo Zheng didn't touch their seats, they would be thankful.
Many peak war reverends slowly gathered in the round hall. They all looked at Luo Zheng with complicated gazes, each of them thinking different things.
Who would have thought that the person who made the new rules would be a human general?
Back then, in order to obtain a seat, each race had used all their strength, even sacrificing their lives! However, a human general had driven the demons out of the Tower of Sin and taken 26 seats in one go.
The difference was too great, and many peak war reverends couldn't help but admit defeat.
Moreover, with Luo Zheng's current strength, he could even drive out all the other races, including the Yao Ye Clan.
Of course, Luo Zheng obviously wouldn't do that.
Driving out all the other races wouldn't benefit Luo Zheng much. Moreover, although the Tower of Sin was important, the development of the Holy Land was even more important. As the saying goes, if the skin doesn't exist, the hair won't exist. Everyone had their eyes on the Tower of Sin because they wanted to develop their own Holy Land.
If Luo Zheng did the same to all the other races, the Purple Heart Holy Land would be destroyed by the Twin Devil Holy Land.
As for the rules of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng had thought deeply about them.
In fact, after so many years of development, the set of rules was indeed quite good. As long as one entered the Tower of Sin, they would have to constantly walk on the edge of life and death. Only the true elites would be able to climb up step by step.
Powerful ancient martial art practitioners could obtain more resources, more Light of Creation, and more points. Weak ancient martial art practitioners were directly eliminated and even became nutrients for the Tower of Sin.
The Tower of Sin was just a miniature version of the world of martial artists.
"How should the rules be changed?" A peak war reverend of the Giant Clan asked.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "The rules of the Sin Tower from the first floor to the fourteenth floor remain unchanged."
"And then?" another peak war reverend of the Beast race asked.
The Tower of the Tower of Sin's Of Sin, the peak war reverends, the peak war reverends's to the Tower of Sin,, the peak war reverends, the peak war reverends
Most importantly, how would the seats be distributed on the fifteenth floor? What did Of the Sin to do? To The Of the seats seats seats to themselves? Or to keep the rules? Was for them be changed Of the time
"All the seats on the fifteenth floor will be reserved. I was the one who chased away the Demon Clan, so the twenty-six seats will be freely allocated by me," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
These words made many peak war reverends sigh in relief. It seemed that Luo Zheng was not as domineering as they had imagined.
Although these peak war reverends had a lot of information about Luo Zheng, they were afraid that Luo Zheng would be even more domineering than the Demon Clan. At least from Luo Zheng's current tone, he would not deprive so many peak war reverends of their seats. However, Luo Zheng did not finish his words, so they did not know what other requests he had.
Luo Zheng paused for a moment, then said, "One more thing, the seats of the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan will be permanent and will not be rotated with other races!"
"Permanent seats?"
"This way, won't the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan always occupy the seats?"
"This is too …"
The one hundred and twenty-eight seats at the top of the tower were not fixed. Every once in a while, the seat controllers would compete with each other to determine the ranking of the seats. The weaker seat controllers would lose their seats, and the newly promoted peak war reverends would replace them.
The Demon Clan and the Demon Night Clan were the strongest, so they controlled the most seats.
In fact, the rules were set to favor the stronger races from the very beginning. After all, only the Demon Clan and the Demon Night Clan could produce so many geniuses to fight for more seats.
This created a situation where the strong were stronger and the weak were weaker.
Therefore, after so many years of development, the Human Clan only had four seat controllers. Moreover, these four seats were not very stable. Perhaps the next time the Human Clan fought, they would have to give up their seats.
When the Human Clan was at its worst, they usually only had one seat, or even none. Therefore, when Luo Zheng saw that Luo Zheng had four seats, he was still relatively strong.
If the permanent seats were set, the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan would not have to compete, and the number of seats would not decrease every year!
Luo Zheng had also thought about this carefully.
Luo Zheng knew very well that even if he temporarily changed the situation of the Human Clan and the Purple Heart Holy Land, this was not a long-term plan. Luo Zheng did not have that much time to hide in the Sin Tower. After obtaining the inheritance, Luo Zheng would choose to return to the Central Domain.
There, Luo Zheng's most important person would be waiting for him.
This time might be a few months, or a year, but it would not be more than three years.
Once he left, the Purple Heart Holy Land would not be able to rise in such a short time. Perhaps the Demon Night Clan would be able to take care of the Human Clan because of Xun, but it would be wishful thinking for the Human Clan to rise to the same level as the Demon Night Clan.
This was why Luo Zheng wanted to set up permanent seats. This way, at least the Human Clan's seats would not decrease.
More importantly, not only would the Human Clan have permanent seats, but so would the Demon Night Clan. This meant that the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan would be tied together. If the other clans were not satisfied with the permanent seats, they would first have to ask the Demon Night Clan. At that time, the Demon Night Clan would not have to care about anyone's face and would be the first to rush out and secure the permanent seats.
This was Luo Zheng's plan.
"That's right. The Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan don't have to compete for the seats. They will be kept forever. There are pros and cons to this. The downside is that you will not be able to compete for the permanent seats of the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan. The upside is that the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan will not expand their seats," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Now, Luo Zheng still had 26 seats from the Demon Clan to distribute. If he gave all of them to the Human Clan, then the Human Clan would have 30 seats, which was more than enough.
"Is there anyone who objects?" Luo Zheng asked.
Many peak War Reverends did not say anything. They knew that it was useless to say anything. Moreover, Luo Zheng's words made sense. The Demon Night Clan and the Human Clan together had close to 50 seats. The remaining 70 or so seats would be distributed by the remaining clans.
The situation was similar when they were with the Demon Clan.
Moreover, the other clans were worried that the Demon Clan and the Demon Night Clan would continue to expand their influence. If they continued to develop according to the previous rules, the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan would have more and more seats while the other clans would have fewer and fewer seats. In the end, all the seats would fall into the hands of the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan.
Now that Luo Zheng's rules had stopped the Demon Night Clan from expanding, it meant that the Demon Night Clan and the Human Clan's seats would be forever locked at this number … This was not a bad thing.
"No objections …"
"I don't have any objections either."
Luo Zheng did not ask for their permission at all.
Luo Zheng only gave 8 of the 26 seats to the Demon Night Clan. This way, the Demon Night Clan would have 24 seats, while the Human Clan would have 22 seats. They would become the second most powerful clan in the Tower of Sin.
As for how Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin planned to distribute the seats, Luo Zheng did not need to interfere.
Ling Yan was fine. Although having 8 more seats was a good thing for the Demon Night Clan, it was not enough to make Ling Yan so excited.