The vast majority of the Peak War Reverends were on the fourteenth floor of the Sin Tower.
The most outstanding Peak War Reverend on the fourteenth floor had to obtain the qualifications to be the seat controller through competition before he could enter the fifteenth floor and obtain an independent space, which was a small world.
The problem was that there were only fourteen Peak War Reverends in the Human Clan. This included Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe and the other three seat controllers.
Zhao Fenqin was stunned by this sudden happiness. He was even very worried now, what should he do without so many Peak War Reverends?
After thinking about it, he still used his true essence to send a sound transmission to Luo Zheng.
The solution that Luo Zheng gave was very simple. If the Peak War Reverend was not filthy, then he would use the Ninth Stage War Reverend. If the Ninth Stage War Reverend was not enough, then he would use the Eighth Stage …
However, in the end, the seats were still filled. Of course, Zhou Fenqin would not let the Ninth Stage War Reverend be the seat controller. In the end, he found a few Peak War Reverends from the Purple Heart Sacred Land to take up this position. After all, in such a large Purple Heart Sacred Land, there were still quite a few Peak War Reverends.
After dealing with this matter, under Zhao Fenqin's invitation, Luo Zheng still made a trip to the Purple Heart Sacred Land.
As a member of the Human Clan, Luo Zheng had never entered the Purple Heart Sacred Land.
However, his reputation in the Purple Heart Sacred Land had already reached a point where it made people's hair stand on end.
When Luo Zheng had just started climbing the Sin Tower, the Purple Heart Sacred Land had already begun to publicize Luo Zheng.
After all, at that time, Luo Zheng, as a warrior, had actually challenged the generals of other races. This was enough to make the humans of the Purple Heart Sacred Land proud and elated.
At that time, the Purple Heart Sacred Land had solemnly told the tens of millions of Human Clan s in the Sacred Land that Luo Zheng's appearance could very well bring them a new seat.
A new seat meant an additional right to speak, as well as an additional five spots and hope …
However, just as everyone was paying attention, Luo Zheng's performance could only be described as soaring into the sky. This was not a matter of one more seat. This meant that Luo Zheng had relied on his own strength to control the entire Sin Tower!
Luo Zheng's performance had greatly exceeded everyone's expectations.
Although there were some voices of distrust in the Purple Heart Holy Land due to the encirclement of the Twin Devil Holy Land, after the Sky Feather Holy Land made a move, their mood quickly stabilized.
But now, Luo Zheng had successfully driven away all the demons from the Tower of Sin. This nightmare that had once loomed over the heads of the Human Race had actually dissipated …
One had to know that in the Sin Tower, countless humans had been slaughtered by the Devil Clan!
One day later, Luo Zheng, Xia Shuang, and the rest, as well as several seat controllers, passed through the cursed lands and arrived at the Purple Heart Holy Ground through a transmission array.
As soon as Luo Zheng appeared, a huge sound wave rushed towards him, giving him a fright!
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
The Purple Heart Holy Land's teleportation array to the Cursed Lands was built at the peak of a tall mountain. Standing at the peak, Luo Zheng scanned his surroundings. At the bottom of the mountain, there was a dense mass of people! These people looked at him from afar, constantly cheering, as if a great hero had returned.
Xia Shuang had a sweet smile on her face as she stood beside Luo Zheng. Her soft and voluptuous body deliberately moved towards him.
It was said that beauties loved heroes. From the first time Luo Zheng met Lord Jing, when he released his soul force to drive away the two War Reverends, Xia Shuang's heart was already thumping, and there was a trace of hope in her heart.
Unfortunately, Xia Shuang could not guess Luo Zheng's attitude. Coupled with his mysterious identity, she gradually understood that Luo Zheng would not stay on the Sea God Continent for long.
Where did this young man come from?
Xia Shuang guessed thousands of times in her heart. Unfortunately, the Sea God Continent was a relatively isolated place. Even if Xia Shuang searched through all the historical records, she could not find any trace of him.
If he suddenly left that day, would she be reluctant to part with him? Hearing those loud cheers, Xia Shuang's face flashed with confusion.
At this moment, three streamers of light appeared in the sky. The person in the lead stepped on a flying sword and suddenly flew towards this side.
That person looked to be in his early forties. He was handsome, like a celestial figure.
From the momentum transmitted from his body, Luo Zheng immediately understood that these three people were all mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm. The leader was naturally the leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land, Situ Haotian. Along the way, Xia Shuang had introduced to Luo Zheng in detail that the old men beside Situ Haotian were the previous leaders of the Purple Heart Holy Land, Sikong Ming and Li Jiuhai.
Situ Haotian stood on the peak of the mountain and bowed to Luo Zheng, "I have long heard of Young Hero Luo Zheng's name. Today, I finally meet you. You are indeed a heroic young man, handsome and extraordinary!"
"You flatter me!" Luo Zheng greeted with a smile.
"You are a guest from afar. Young Hero Luo Zheng, please come to the main hall to discuss in detail …"
After some greetings, everyone moved towards the main hall of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
This was the second Holy Land that Luo Zheng had been to.
To be called a Holy Land, it was naturally much larger than the fifth-rank and fourth-rank Sects. Moreover, on the Sea God Continent, because there were so many races, there seemed to be no ordinary humans in this Holy Land. Almost everyone was a warrior.
This was easy to understand.
The environment of the Sea God Continent was different from that of the Central Domain. The Central Domain was almost entirely occupied by humans. Even if there was a war between Sects, the ordinary people still lived their own lives and didn't have much interaction with the warriors.
The Sea God Continent, on the other hand, was different. There were many different races here, and the rules of natural selection were on full display here. The human race was weak to begin with, so there was very little space for the weak ordinary humans to survive here!
Flying was forbidden in the central area of the Holy Land. However, under the leadership of Situ Haotian, Luo Zheng and the others naturally didn't have this restriction.
The main hall was built on a gentle hillside. The entire hillside was paved with a layer of white jade. It looked like a celestial palace in the sky.
On both sides of the main hall, the geniuses of the Human Race's younger generation were gathered.
Although these people's cultivations weren't high, they were all rare talents. In order to cultivate more powerhouses, the Purple Heart Holy Land would screen out these geniuses every year and carefully cultivate them. Once they became battle generals, they would be sent to the cursed land and enter the Tower of Sin to cultivate.
However, as the number of seats controlled by the Human Race increased, these people didn't need to wait until they were battle generals to enter the Tower of Sin. They could be sent in as warriors. With the Human Race's influence in the Tower of Sin, they wouldn't have to worry about these people being casually killed. After all, the environment in the Tower of Sin had been greatly improved!
"Look, that's Luo Zheng. I saw him on the letter tablet!"
"I heard that although he's only a battle general, those Revered Warriors aren't his match!"
"Senior-apprentice Sister Xia Shuang is actually following behind him! Do you think Senior-apprentice Sister Xia Shuang will marry Luo Zheng? "
Hearing the words of these human geniuses, Xia Shuang's face turned red. These words naturally reached the ears of Situ Haotian and the others, but they only faintly smiled. In the eyes of a martial artist, marriage was also a matter of fate.
Among these young geniuses, there was a 14 year old child. As he watched Luo Zheng fly past, his red face shined with a strange luster. This young boy didn't speak, but at this moment, a strong obsession was constantly gathering in his heart of martial arts!
"In the future, I will definitely become someone like Luo Zheng!" This child shouted in his heart.
In fact, several years later, this child did indeed achieve this. He became the second human in the Tower of Sin to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. This was because he had the same fate as Luo Zheng. But this was a story for another time!
After entering the main hall, all sorts of etiquette were displayed. Luo Zheng was indeed treated as an honored guest.
To be treated like this by a Divine Sea Realm expert was already an incomparable honor. However, this wasn't the first time Luo Zheng had experienced this. Last time, he had encountered a situation even more ridiculous than this in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land …
Then, Situ Haotian and Luo Zheng began to discuss the Tower of Sin.
As for Luo Zheng's arrangement, Situ Haotian couldn't find any flaws. With a permanent seat, the human race didn't have to worry about losing control of the Tower of Sin. Not to mention, Luo Zheng had also dragged the Demon Night Clan into this.
"However, with Young Hero Luo Zheng's arrangement, does it mean that he already has the intention to leave?" Situ Haotian guessed.
This wasn't difficult to guess. As long as Luo Zheng was in the Tower of Sin, no one in the Tower of Sin could oppose him. However, Luo Zheng's arrangement was clearly to prevent Luo Zheng from leaving the Tower of Sin and the human race from declining again. Now that they were tied together with the Demon Night Clan, from a certain perspective, they could rest easy.
"That is indeed the case." Luo Zheng nodded and openly admitted, "After exploring the Mysterious Underworld Cave, I'm afraid that I will have to leave. Therefore, I came here this time to ask you about the secrets of the Mysterious Underworld Cave!"
(I've already made up for what I owe, so I've done what I said ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝