Although Situ Haotian had already expected that Luo Zheng would choose to leave, he couldn't help but reveal a disappointed expression.
If Luo Zheng could stay, his future achievements would surely be greater than Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land!
200 years ago, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was far weaker than it was now. At that time, the Twin Demon Holy Land was at its peak, and no race dared to challenge them!
At that time, there was a relatively large race on the Sea God Continent called the Shadow Clan. The Shadow Clan had a sixth-grade Holy Land and was ranked fourth among the many races. But because of a dispute with the Demon Race, the Shadow Clan was finally annihilated by the Twin Demon Holy Land …
Until Liu Yu appeared and led the Demon Night Clan to a new peak. Now, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was no weaker than the Twin Demon Holy Land.
Liu Yu was only ranked in the second row of the Talent Stele, but Luo Zheng's name wasn't even on the first row. He had obtained the title of Heaven Realm, and now he was the master of the Sin Tower!
In Situ Haotian's opinion, Luo Zheng's future achievements were immeasurable. Unfortunately, such a genius didn't come from the Purple Heart Holy Land, so Situ Haotian couldn't force Luo Zheng to stay.
"Dark Nether Cave? Listening to you, you plan to enter the Dark Nether Cave this year? "Situ Haotian asked.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Isn't that a bit too soon? In fact, although every race has their own seats and quotas, those that enter the Dark Nether Cave are generally War Saints. Although they occasionally bring some War Generals in to increase their experience, these War Generals are only in the outermost perimeter of the Dark Nether Cave. This is because once you enter the Dark Nether Cave, the chances of dying are extremely high! "Situ Haotian said.
Every genius that grew up in the Sin Tower had entered the Dark Nether Cave before. Although Situ Haotian also had a god level talent in the past, his name was only on the seventh row of the Talent Stele. Relatively speaking, this talent wasn't too outstanding.
What truly changed Situ Haotian was the lucky chance he encountered in the Dark Nether Cave. In the past, he entered the Dark Nether Cave and risked his life to obtain the Limitless Sword Array. Even now, as a Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder, this Limitless Sword Array was still his most reliable trump card!
However, although there were many opportunities in the Dark Nether Cave, Situ Haotian's would also be dangerous. because of the existence of the Cursed Lands, many Divine Sea realm experts didn't have the chance to enter the Dark Nether Cave. Situ Haotian knew that even if he went in his present, he still, if he was to enter the core '''s' ''t, he would to the Dark's to.
"There's no time," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Time was not an abundance for Luo Zheng. After being away for so long, he had no idea what was going on in the Central Region. In fact, he was constantly thinking about it!
. "Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, Situ Haotian knew he couldn't persuade Luo Zheng. In the end, he sighed deeply and said," Do you know the origin of the Dark Nether Cave? "
Luo Zheng shook his head. He knew very little about the Dark Nether Cave. Daoist Tian Miao had given him a token and hadn't revealed any information about the Tower of Sin. As for the other limited information, Luo Zheng had inquired about it himself.
"Although we don't know why the Dark Nether Cave was created and we don't know the origin of the Tower of Sin, we've explored the Dark Nether Cave over the years. In fact, it is an ancient battlefield." Situ Haotian slowly said.
"Battlefield?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled look. Ruins like the ancient battlefield were not rare. There were many ancient battlefields in the Central Region. However, apart from discovering some decaying treasures and bones, there were no other opportunities to be found in them.
Situ Haotian nodded. "Yes, but the Dark Nether Cave isn't an ordinary ancient battlefield. According to our current speculation, it should be a battlefield where hundreds of powerhouses from the Upper Realm fought!"
"Powerhouses from the Upper Realm?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
This speculation wasn't without reason.
The power of the Cursed Lands far exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination. Even if a Battle-Saint or a Divine Sea powerhouse entered the Cursed Lands, they would die.
When Immortal Tian Miao returned from the Upper Realm, although he was nearing the end of his lifespan and had entered the Five Decay stage, he should still have retained a considerable amount of strength.
However, Immortal Tian Miao didn't personally enter the Tower of Sin.
Although Tian Miao didn't explain anything to Luo Zheng, he did say that he couldn't enter the Tower of Sin. It seemed that he was afraid of the power of the Cursed Lands.
The Cursed Lands had existed on the Sea God Continent for countless years. So far, the power of the Cursed Lands hadn't shown any signs of dissipating. It could be imagined that ordinary beings from the Upper Realm couldn't do this.
There were strong and weak beings in the Upper Realm. Luo Zheng relied on the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend to the True Dragon World. Although Luo Zheng couldn't see the depths of the strength of those in the True Dragon World, the difference between an ordinary soldier and the Palace Master of the Dragon Abyss Palace was like heaven and earth!
However, they were unable to fathom the exact cultivation of the 'strongest' that Situ Haotian spoke of, and the extent of his strength.
Later, Luo Zheng could ask Qinglong or Xun.
This time, Luo Zheng came with the intention of asking for guidance. Since Situ Haotian had once entered the Dark Nether Cave, he naturally had to listen attentively.
"This ancient battlefield has formed its own Grotto-Heaven underground, and the Tower of Sin's spire extends all the way to the bottom of the cave. Over the years, a large number of peak War Reverends have entered the Dark Nether Cave. However, the vast majority of peak War Reverends have wandered outside. Very few have dared to enter …"
Since Luo Zheng asked, Situ Haotian didn't treat him as an outsider. This unknown human youth had made such a great contribution to the Purple Heart Holy Land. Situ Haotian couldn't help him too much.
From Situ Haotian's explanation, Luo Zheng understood that the entire Dark Nether Cave was divided into three layers. The outer layer, the inner layer, and the core!
Normally, after many peak War Reverends entered the Dark Nether Cave, they would bring their clan's geniuses to the outer layer. Even the outer layer was filled with all kinds of unimaginable dangers. Even a peak War Reverend would fall if they weren't careful!
And the inner layer was the true land of death! Even if many peak War Reverends entered, they would still have a slim chance of survival.
In the past, Situ Haotian had also fought with his life on the line. He was a man of great ambition and perseverance. He wasn't willing to become a mediocre martial artist and waste his life away. It was because Situ Haotian had entered the inner circle and risked his life, nearly brushing shoulders with the god of death. Only then was he able to obtain that mysterious sword array!
As the saying goes, wealth comes from danger. If he hadn't obtained that sword array and that supreme powerhouse's relic, Situ Haotian wouldn't have been able to become the leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land!
"What about the core? Has anyone entered? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes!" Situ Haotian faintly smiled.
"How is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Not a single one has returned." Situ Haotian laughed, "It can also be said that they are all dead."
The core region of Xuanming Cave was hidden within a thick mist. Standing at the edge of Xuanming Cave, one could see the layers of mist, and within the mist, there was a blood-red light that flickered.
So far, no one knew what was inside!
"The core area?" Luo Zheng bitterly smiled.
Immortal Heavenly Mist didn't handle this matter properly. Luo Zheng didn't know what taboo Heavenly Mist had, but he wasn't willing to clearly explain everything. He had only given him a jade butterfly, and besides that, he wasn't willing to reveal anything about the inheritance …
Then, should Luo Zheng enter the Dark Nether Cave and search for it in the outer layer? Or the inner layer? Or perhaps the core area where he couldn't return?
"Could it be that Young Hero Luo Zheng intends to enter the core area?" Situ Haotian looked at Luo Zheng's smile and a serious expression appeared on his face, "If you really have such a plan, then I advise you to give up on it!"
"I will definitely go to the Dark Nether Cave, but as for the core area … I'm not sure." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't intend to give up, Situ Haotian immediately warned, "I remember that one year, all the races in the Sin Tower united together and gathered 76 Peak Battle-Reverends to enter the core area. Their goal was to unveil the veil of the core area, but that year, none of the Peak Battle-Reverends returned!"
"76 Peak Battle-Reverends?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, almost all of them were outstanding Battle-Reverends of all the races," Situ Haotian said, "Although I know that you are someone with great luck, the core area is not something you can enter by relying on luck. That is simply a place of death. Let alone you, even I wouldn't be able to return!"