Before this, Luo Zheng had also collected some information. Regarding the dangers of the Mysterious Underworld Cave, Luo Zheng was already mentally prepared.
However, hearing this from the mouth of a Divine Sea Realm Almighty made Luo Zheng realize that this Mysterious Underworld Cave was a place with a slim chance of survival.
Seventy-six peak War Reverends had joined forces to explore, but in the end, all of them had fallen. What was hidden in the core area?
Immortal Tian Miao clearly knew that the Mysterious Underworld Cave was so difficult, yet he still chose him. Was he trying to trick him …
Although Luo Zheng thought this, he didn't back down.
The opportunities in the Mysterious Underworld Cave were extremely tempting to other creatures, but to Luo Zheng, it was also very important. He naturally wouldn't miss it.
Seeing Luo Zheng's wry smile and stubborn gaze, Situ Haotian knew that persuasion was useless. After all, Luo Zheng wasn't a member of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Even if he tried to persuade him, he could only do so. He couldn't stop Luo Zheng with all his might.
The Human Race's Holy Land was more symbolic than practical.
Under Xia Shuang's lead, Luo Zheng attracted cries of surprise wherever he went.
The Purple Heart Holy Land's younger generation seemed to be quite interested in Luo Zheng.
This wasn't surprising. Luo Zheng had just entered the Sin Tower and had already alarmed the entire Holy Land. Now, he had even driven away the Demon Race. In the eyes of the Purple Heart Holy Land's younger generation, Luo Zheng had already risen to an unsurpassable height.
The curiosity of these Human Race cultivators towards Luo Zheng could be imagined.
Before leaving, the Purple Heart Holy Land also gave Luo Zheng some rewards. However, these rewards couldn't be compared to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land.
Some time ago, Luo Zheng had obtained a high-grade Saint Artifact sword from the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. Of course, that high-grade Saint Artifact was originally intended to be given to Xun by Liu Yu, but in the end, it fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
However, the Purple Heart Holy Land's foundation couldn't be compared to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, so Luo Zheng could understand.
Situ Haotian sent Luo Zheng all the way to the Transmission Array. At this moment, Situ Haotian also entrusted Luo Zheng with a message; it was about the alliance with the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands.
Although Luo Zheng had cleaned up the Evil Tower, how would the Twin Devil Holy Land deal with it?
If the Twin Devil Holy Ground were to declare war on the Purple Heart Holy Ground again, without the deterrence of the Demon Night Clan, the Human Clan would not be able to resist …
Although an alliance between races was like a piece of scrap paper, Situ Haotian, who understood the relationship between Luo Zheng and the Demon Night Clan, still hoped that Luo Zheng could facilitate this matter. At the very least, before the Purple Heart Holy Land truly matured, they would be able to obtain the protection of the Sky Feather Holy Land.
Luo Zheng understood Situ Haotian's worries, so he didn't refuse this matter. Moreover, with Smog's existence, facilitating an alliance between the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and the Purple Heart Holy Land wouldn't be too difficult.
After returning to the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng informed Ling Yan of this matter. After Ling Yan agreed, Luo Zheng didn't participate. After all, how to form the alliance, what price the Purple Heart Holy Land would pay, how long the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would protect them, these matters didn't need to be handled by Luo Zheng. That was something for Situ Haotian and Liu Yu to discuss.
In the following days, Luo Zheng continued to cultivate again and again.
The points in the Tower of Sin were no longer of any use to Luo Zheng. He could freely travel through the Tower of Sin.
In order to gain more time, Luo Zheng also borrowed the cultivation rooms that changed the flow of time.
As for the battle arena …
Although the War Reverends of the other races understood that their chances of defeating Luo Zheng weren't high, there were still many creatures that challenged Luo Zheng. Among them, there were even some War Reverends from the Human Race.
Of course, the battles weren't as fierce as before. Often, only victory or defeat would be determined.
In the blink of an eye, several months passed. Luo Zheng's opponents slowly changed from Initial War Reverends to Fourth Rank, Fifth Rank, Sixth Rank, and Seventh Rank.
Luo Zheng's opponents kept changing, and he climbed higher and higher. Finally, Luo Zheng climbed to the 14th floor of the Tower of Sin. At this time, he was already able to challenge some relatively weaker Peak War Reverends. At this time, Luo Zheng's cultivation had also advanced to Ninth Rank War General.
In addition to his cultivation, Luo Zheng also devoted himself to cultivating his own cultivation methods, including the 《Star Battle Body》, the 《Ten Thousand Fiend Karmic Wheel》, and other cultivation methods. Under Luo Zheng's cultivation, he had made great progress …
Today, just as Luo Zheng walked out of the secret cultivation room and was about to find a new challenger, he discovered that there were some changes in the Tower of Sin.
On the walls of the tower, a faint red light was constantly flowing. The ceiling, the floor, the walls, it was everywhere.
These lights were like the blood in a human body, flowing along the meridians.
"Artifact Spirit, what's going on?" Luo Zheng asked.
The artifact spirit was everywhere in the Tower of Sin. As long as Luo Zheng was in the tower, he could easily communicate with it.
"The Profound Nether Death Ray has been weakened." The artifact spirit's emotionless voice rang out.
"The Profound Nether Death Ray has been weakened! The Profound Nether Cave has opened? "Luo Zheng asked.
"You can say that," the artifact spirit replied.
"The day has finally come!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose. Then, he took a step forward, and the ground beneath his feet suddenly split open. He directly went from the 14th floor to the top of the tower!
And in the hall at the top of the tower, many peak war reverends had already appeared. These peak war reverends had entered the Profound Nether Cave more than once. Of course, they knew what these constantly flowing lights meant.
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly fall from above, Zhao Fenqin smiled and said, "Young hero Luo Zheng, the Profound Nether Cave has opened."
"Yes, I know." Luo Zheng nodded.
The opening time of the Profound Nether Cave was unpredictable. Sometimes, it would be one month earlier, and sometimes it would be one month later. However, the approximate time could still be estimated.
In the past, because the human race only had four seats when the Profound Nether Cave opened, they could only have 20 spots to enter the Profound Nether Cave. Now, the human race had more seats. There were more than 100 spots.
The more people that entered the Profound Nether Cave, the more opportunities they would be able to obtain!
The Profound Nether Cave was so big. If one was lucky, even in the outer layer, they could obtain good opportunities.
However, there would always be a day when all the opportunities would be emptied. This was also the reason why the Tower of Sin had set the quota.
Previously, Zhao Fenqin had already collected the name list and allocated the spots reasonably. The other races that had seats were also gathering their people.
There were 128 seats, and each seat could allocate five spots. Many war reverends and even some war reverends who had obtained the spots walked to the top and began to prepare to enter the Profound Nether Cave.
In the spacious hall, as the number of people continued to increase, it became a little crowded.
"Yun Luo?" In the crowd, Luo Zheng suddenly saw Yun Luo's figure.
Through Xun's words, Luo Zheng already understood that Yun Luo was a clone of a supreme powerhouse from the Upper Realm …
Therefore, it was not strange that Yun Luo could be ranked in the first row of the Talent Monument.
However, as Xun said, Yun Luo's million clones did not pursue the improvement of their cultivation. They only pursued continuous training.
Previously, Yun Luo had stayed on the tenth floor. Her cultivation did not improve, and she did not climb to the top of the Tower of Sin.
Seeing Luo Zheng's surprised expression, Zhao Fenqin quickly explained, "Miss Yun Luo took the initiative to apply for a spot. This spot … was naturally given to her."
After all, Yun Luo was a human, and her talent was ranked in the first row. Furthermore, Yun Luo had contributed a lot to the human race in the Tower of Sin over the years. It was not excessive to give her a spot.
Yun Luo's expression was indifferent. She walked unsteadily toward Luo Zheng, stared at Luo Zheng, and said, "I want to follow you to the Tower of Sin this time."
Luo Zheng felt even more strange. She had been in the Tower of Sin for so many years and had many opportunities to enter the Profound Nether Cave. Why did she choose to follow him?
Before he could speak, a red light shot out from Luo Zheng's body and slowly condensed into a human figure. It was Luo Zheng's sword spirit, Xun.
Xun glanced at Yun Luo indifferently and said, "Luo Zheng, don't agree to her."
"This … why?" Although Luo Zheng felt strange, he once had a special favorable impression of Yun Luo. Since Yun Luo chose to enter the Tower of Sin at this time, even if she followed beside him, Luo Zheng did not think it was a big deal.
Xun walked in front of Yun Luo and stared at her, "You know what happened in the Profound Nether Cave, right?"
Xun's words immediately attracted the attention of many peak war supremacies in the hall. In the eyes of many peak war supremacies, Yun Luo and Xun's origins were not simple. It was not strange that they knew something.