Yun Luo blinked her eyes. She didn't know how to lie and said honestly, "Yes, I know."
"What? Yun Luo knows about the Xuan Ming Cave? "
"Then what is the core area of the Xuan Ming Cave?"
"How was the Xuan Ming Cave formed?"
Many peak war reverends couldn't help but ask.
Yun Luo turned her head and looked at them. Under everyone's expectant gaze, Yun Luo said, "I won't tell you."
Those peak war reverends were speechless. This girl …
Back then, when these Peak war elder s were still war generals, Yun Luo was already on the tenth floor. Now, she was still on the tenth floor, and it was as if she had suddenly appeared. Her existence, like the Tower of Sin and the Profound Nether Cave, was a huge mystery in itself.
The problem was that these peak war reverends didn't dare to do anything to Yun Luo.
"Xun, what's going on?" Luo Zheng asked, "Why don't you let Yun Luo follow me?"
Xun blinked and stared at Yun Luo indifferently. Then, she transmitted her voice to Luo Zheng into Luo Zheng's mind, "I don't know how the Xuan Ming Cave was formed, but this should be the battlefield left behind by the Sector Lord experts!"
"What? Sector Lord? "Luo Zheng was shocked.
"That's right, the strongest expert of a realm, the Sector Lord. Moreover, more than one Sector Lord had fallen here. If I'm not wrong, this cursed land is the Curse Domain set up by the Curse Sector Lord who once dominated the universe!" Xun continued.
At this time, Qinglong, who had been silent all this time, spoke, "Yes, the so-called cursed land is most likely the Curse Domain!"
"Why didn't you say so earlier …" Luo Zheng was a bit conflicted. It seemed that Qinglong and Xun both knew.
In the end, Xun and True Dragon said at the same time, "You didn't ask."
This answer almost made Luo Zheng fall to the ground.
"Back then, the World Lord of the Curses was an extremely famous figure in the entire Upper World. His Great Curse Technique could even kill someone from several hundred great worlds." Azure Dragon said indifferently.
"But why is the Curse Domain set up by the Cursed Sector Lord ineffective against warriors below the Battle-Saint Realm?" Luo Zheng could not help but ask curiously.
However, Xun replied indifferently: "Because you are too weak, you are not within the consideration of the Curse Realm Lord, so the Cursed Lands can only curse warriors above the peak war elder."
Kaoru's analysis was indeed correct. Just like when two armies clashed, they would only build walls to defend against the enemy's soldiers. No one would build walls to defend against ants.
To a Sector Lord, those below the Battle Saint realm were indeed like ants.
It was precisely because of this that such a strange situation had occurred on the Sea God Continent. The rise and fall of numerous races actually revolved around a single Tower of Sin! As for the creatures fighting in the Sin Tower, the strongest was only a peak war elder.
As for the mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm, almost all of them had become supporting characters.
"But what secrets are hidden in the Sin Tower and Xuan Ming Cave?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun analyzed indifferently: "That guy called Tian Miao might not have any good intentions when he tricked you into taking the inheritance. However, there are indeed great opportunities in the Xuan Ming Cave. After all, it is the battlefield of Sector Lords. Even if you obtain the inheritance of a Sector Lord, the benefits to you will be unimaginable."
"But why did you reject Yun Luo from coming with us?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Yun Luo, this woman, has a million doppelgangers. I don't know what she is thinking, but I guess she must have taken a fancy to your luck, so she wants to go in with you and get a share of the loot." Xun spoke out her guess.
"Since she knows about the Xuan Ming Cave, if she can go in, I will have more confidence. If there is really a great opportunity, I can share a share of the loot with her. Why are you so against it …" Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng felt that Xun's objection was groundless. If Yun Luo knew about the Xuan Ming Cave, then with her joining them, their chances would be much higher.
Xun glared fiercely at Luo Zheng and continued to transmit her voice: "This woman, I know her. She …"
"She is the Sector Lord of the Infinite Realm of your human race. She used the Million Spirit Clones Technique to split her soul into a million parts and sent them into different realms to be reincarnated. She used this to break through to a higher realm," Qinglong said directly.
This time, Xun didn't know who to glare at. Qinglong was in Luo Zheng's mind, so in the end, Xun continued to glare at Luo Zheng.
"She is the Sector Lord of our human race?" Luo Zheng was even more curious …
"Don't think that just because she is the Sector Lord of your human race, she is powerful. I have met her real body once. She is a very scheming woman. I think she has been waiting for this opportunity to use you!" Xun continued to transmit her voice.
Luo Zheng continued to smile. "Even so, we can still use each other!"
"Although one must always be on guard against others, I also think that we can let Yun Luo follow us. After all, the Xuan Ming Cave is too dangerous for Luo Zheng." Qinglong was very supportive of Luo Zheng.
Realizing that she couldn't persuade Luo Zheng, Xun was helpless. At this moment, she couldn't object anymore. She just showed a sullen expression and didn't say anything else.
Yun Luo stood aside in a daze. Anyone with a discerning eye could see that Luo Zheng and Xun were secretly communicating. However, Yun Luo just waited patiently. At this time, she asked: "What? Can't I? "
"Of course you can," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Yes." Yun Luo nodded slightly and didn't say anything else.
Just now, everyone should know that Xun didn't seem to trust Yun Luo from the conversation between Luo Zheng and Xun. However, Yun Luo didn't seem to care at all. Perhaps in her opinion, waiting for a suitable person to enter the Xuan Ming Cave was a very normal thing.
As for their suspicions, she didn't care at all.
There were indeed many rules in the Tower of Sin. Many clans spent half a day preparing and were almost done.
Every year, entering the Xuan Ming Cave was based on who had the most seats and who had the most seats.
In fact, this rule was originally set by the Demon Race. In the past, the Demon Race had the most seats and naturally had the priority to enter the Xuan Ming Cave. Now that the Demon Night Clan had the most seats, the Demon Night Clan went first.
At the side of the hall, there was a spiral staircase. Continuing up, there was a small door. Many Demon Night Clan cultivators climbed up the stairs.
After most of the Demon Night Clan members had entered, it was the Human Race's turn.
Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others walked in front, while Luo Zheng and Yun Luo followed behind. As for the Human Race, they also followed up the stairs.
As soon as Luo Zheng passed through the door at the top of the tower, he suddenly felt a needle-like sensation on his skin. Then, what appeared in front of Luo Zheng was a huge cave!
Such a huge cave could only be described as vast.
So there was actually such a huge cave under the Cursed Lands! Luo Zheng sighed. This was an independent underground world!
"The size of this cave is probably the same as the Cursed Lands, right?" Luo Zheng guessed.
Zhao Fenqin, who was in front of Luo Zheng, nodded. "Yes. Someone once circled around the Xuan Ming Cave. The Cursed Lands' area is almost as big as this cave! Moreover, the shape of this cave is almost exactly the same as the Cursed Lands' surface. "
"Is this piercing sensation coming from the Xuan Ming Death Ray?" Luo Zheng asked.
This huge cave was not pitch-black. The entire cave was filled with a dark red light. Luo Zheng used his hand to block the red light, and the piercing sensation disappeared. However, as soon as he moved his hand away, the piercing sensation immediately intensified.
"Yes. Right now, the Xuan Ming Death Ray is weak. Therefore, the Xuan Ming Death Ray is not strong enough. It only gives off a piercing sensation. However, once the Xuan Ming Death Ray enters its explosive period, no one will be able to resist that light," Zhao Fenqin said.
At this time, Zhou Zhuohe said, "Let's quickly descend. Flying in the Xuan Ming Cave will easily provoke some ferocious demons!"
In fact, everyone came down from the top of the Xuan Ming Cave.
The Tower of Sin was like a sharp knife that directly stabbed into the ground, while the top of the tower pierced into the cave. Since everyone came out from the top of the tower, they naturally had to descend into the cave.
Zhou Zhuohe's warning was not without reason. The Xuan Ming Cave was not a place that could be reasoned with. One year, when the Xuan Ming Cave opened, the Demon Clan's Peak War Reverends led a team. Just as they walked out of the Tower of Sin, they encountered an extremely powerful demon. In an instant, more than ten Peak War Reverends of the Demon Clan were devoured.
Moreover, that demon had been guarding the Tower of Sin. Therefore, when the Xuan Ming Death Ray in the Xuan Ming Cave weakened, not a single creature dared to walk out of the Tower of Sin.
Even though this was the outer area of the Xuan Ming Cave, it was still very dangerous.
＝＝＝＝＝