Over the years, countless Peak War Reverends had died in the Mysterious Nether Cave.
However, the temptation of the opportunities in the Mysterious Nether Cave was too great. As long as one could obtain an opportunity, they would be able to soar into the sky. Furthermore, warriors were a group of people who naturally liked to take risks!
As the saying goes, wealth comes from danger. If one wanted to obtain more, they would have to gamble their lives. Although a stable and smooth path was good, since they had chosen to become a warrior, who would be willing to be mediocre for the rest of their lives?
As soon as Zhou Zhuohe's words fell, everyone's hearts tightened. Then, they quickly descended!
The cave was shockingly high from the top to the bottom. In the distance, there were some tall mountains that stood tall. The peak of the mountain could not even touch the top of the cave.
The whistling sound of the wind blew past Luo Zheng's ears. Then, he steadily landed on the ground. Xun did not enter Luo Zheng's body. She held the spear in her hand and floated beside Luo Zheng like a ghost.
Since she had chosen to assist Luo Zheng with all her strength, she would do her best now.
"There are plants here?" Luo Zheng saw some black plants growing under his feet.
Even Peak War Reverends could not withstand the Mysterious Nether Death Ray. These plants could actually grow here?
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin carefully said, "These plants seem to be able to withstand the Mysterious Nether Death Ray. As for the principle behind it, I don't know …"
Luo Zheng did not ask any further. There were many mysteries in this world, and he could not study them all.
After the Human Clan warriors landed, Zhao Fenqin carefully looked around. Just as he was about to lead the team forward, an accident happened.
"Ah!"
A violent scream was heard.
"In the Mysterious Nether Cave, you are not allowed to make a ruckus. Are you courting death?" Zhao Fenqin lowered his voice and said angrily.
Although the number of people who admitted defeat in the Mysterious Nether Cave had increased by several times this time, alerting the demons in the outer regions was equivalent to courting death!
"Not on our side …" Someone whispered to Zhao Fenqin.
Everyone looked towards the source of the sound. Under the dim red light, a black bird appeared not far away. The bird was a hundred feet long and its large mouth took up half of its body. Above the large mouth were two blood-red eyes that coldly stared at everyone!
At the side of the bird's mouth, there was a Peak war elder from the Beast Clan in its mouth. Half of the Peak war elder's body was left outside the bird's mouth, as for the other half, it was naturally swallowed by the bird!
After that group of beastmen walked out of the Tower of Sin, they naturally descended rapidly. However, during their descent, they encountered this bird …
"What a fierce big bird." Luo Zheng's face revealed a taboo expression. Even a peak war elder could not avoid the attack of this big bird. This Profound Nether Cave was really as Situ Haotian had said, it was incomparably dangerous.
The other Beast Clan warriors all dodged. Some of the more timid Beast Clan warriors even flew up, wanting to return to the Tower of Sin.
However, before the warriors who wanted to fly back to the Tower of Sin could enter the small door at the top of the Tower of Sin, another black shadow flashed past. There was more than one big bird, there were actually more than ten of them! Even a peak war elder could not avoid the attack of these big birds. One by one, they were all caught in the mouths of those big birds!
Peak war elders were peak existences in the Tower of Sin, but in front of these big birds, they could not resist at all …
"It's a Tuna Bird!" "Our luck is really bad, let's go!"
Zhao Fenqin's expression was extremely ugly. He had just walked out of the Tower of Sin when he was attacked. This was the worst possible start. Three years ago, there was also a similar situation. That time, Zhao Fenqin had almost lost his life! However, that time, he had only encountered three Tuna Birds. Furthermore, that time, Zhao Fenqin had avoided the attack of the Tuna Birds, but four peak war elders of the Human Clan had become food for the Tuna Birds!
Under Zhao Fenqin's urging, all the Human Clan started to run in one direction.
At the same time, many Tuna Birds suddenly changed directions and chased after the Human Clan.
"Use fire to burn them!"
"But it will attract other demons, right?"
"Who cares about that? These strange birds are afraid of fire. Chen Fei, He Tie, set fire to them!"
Under Zhao Fenqin's orders, the two peak war elders suddenly turned their heads. With a wave of their hands, true essence surged out and raging flames gushed out.
The war generals of the Human Clan might be weaker than the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan, but after reaching the war elder and the war saint, the humans who cultivated true essence were not weaker than the other races. In other words, the Human Clan's body was originally suitable for cultivating true essence cultivation methods!
This was also the reason why the Human Clan was able to occupy the top four seats.
Two different colored flames shot out, forming a dense net of fire, completely sealing off their retreat.
Just as Zhao Fenqin had said, these strange Tuna Birds were indeed afraid of fire. The Tuna Birds opened their beaks and let out high-pitched cries. They circled around the fire net, but did not dare to break through it.
However, after circling for a while, the strange birds quickly increased their altitude, passing through the fire net and continuing to dive down.
Chen Fei and He Tie were at the back, while the other dozens of warriors continued to run forward. Even so, they were unable to shake off the strange birds.
"Ah!"
This time, the one who cried out was a tenth level war general. This was a saint level genius of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
In the past, the Human Clan had very few seats. Almost all of the twenty spots were given to high level war elders. There would not be any war generals in the group that entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave. This time, the Human Clan's seats had increased explosively, and the number of spots had increased by several times. Naturally, some spots would be given to the younger generation of the clan.
This saint level genius was in the group. He was only running with his head down, but half of his body was bitten off by a Tuna Bird.
"Kill this strange bird!"
The moment a Peak war elder ran, he leaped forward and flipped in the air, a longbow appeared in his hand. The longbow had two ghost head sculptures hanging on it, and the moment the Peak war elder flipped over, his hand was already on the bowstring, and his primeval essence transformed into a purple arrow!
The two ghost head sculptures suddenly emitted an orange light, following that, the Peak war elder released his grip, and the purple arrow shot out!
"Whoosh!"
The speed of the arrow was surprisingly fast. Before the naked eye could react, the arrow had already shot towards the strange bird.
"Pah!" The power of the arrow formed from primeval essence was also terrifying. Everyone's eyes flashed, hoping that this arrow would be effective.
However, when this primeval essence arrow shot out, it actually could not even break through the skin of the Tuna Bird. How could it injure the Tuna Bird in the slightest?
"These strange birds live in the Mysterious Underworld Cave and are able to withstand the radiation of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. It's very hard to kill! Unless we burn it with fire! "Zhao Fenqin said as he led his team to charge forward.
As the leader of the Human Clan team, he didn't have the time to turn around and fight against the Tuna Birds.
Right now, everyone was out of their wits, and Zhao Fenqin could be considered the most familiar Martial Warriors in the Human Clan. He knew very well that if he ran in the wrong direction in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, it was very likely that he would be completely annihilated, so he had to lead the team to find the right way.
"Ahh …"
Another blood-curdling scream came out. Just now, the Peak war elder's arrow had hit the Tuna Bird, but it had no effect. However, it had successfully angered the strange bird, which swooped down and caught the Peak war elder in its mouth.
The faces of the human Martial Warriors turned even uglier. If this continued, the Human Clan would probably be devoured by these strange birds!
"Ga!"
A Tuna Bird circled around, locking onto Luo Zheng's body, and then rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"No!"
"Protect Luo Zheng!"
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe immediately became anxious.
Before returning from the Purple Heart Sacred Land, Situ Haotian was very worried about Luo Zheng entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave, so he instructed Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe to protect Luo Zheng with all their might. Even if they had to sacrifice their lives, they had to ensure Luo Zheng's safety.
Luo Zheng's strength was indeed not bad, but Zhao Fenqin and the others did not think that Luo Zheng could withstand this invulnerable strange bird!
Seeing the Tuna Bird flying closer and closer, Luo Zheng also frowned. He was not sure if he could take down this strange bird …
Yun Luo stepped on her wooden clogs and was still one zhang away from Luo Zheng. Seeing this scene, she slightly closed her two fingers and prepared to attack. However, when she saw Xun's expression, her indifferent eyes flashed and she restrained herself.
At this moment, Xun's expression was indifferent. The long spear in her hand had already pierced out. This seemingly casual spear contained a terrifying power.