That invisible wave contained an inexplicable power, and it shot toward the strange bird.
"Pfft!"
The characteristic of the spear was to penetrate, and in Xun's spear, all the power was compressed into a single point. At this time, the penetrating power was the most terrifying. When the spear intent shot straight towards the strange bird, it instantly pierced through the indestructible surface of the strange bird!
"It's useless …" Not far away, a peak war reverend who was fleeing in panic shook his head.
Compared to the huge body of the strange bird, Xun's spear was like a needle tip. Even if it pierced through the Tuna Bird, it would only cause it to feel a trace of pain. It would not be able to kill the strange bird at all.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe flanked Luo Zheng from the left and right. At the same time, black and white primeval essence erupted from their bodies. When the two of them worked together, their strength would increase by several times. However, at this time, the most important thing for them was to protect Luo Zheng.
Although they knew that Xun's origin was extraordinary, so what? In the end, she was only a Sword Spirit, and the difference in strength between her and Luo Zheng's cultivation was not great. How could she block the attack of the Tuna Bird?
However, when Xun's spear pierced out, the hand holding the spear gently twisted, and everyone suddenly heard an explosive sound!
It was as if countless bones were constantly breaking and exploding, crackling like beans exploding.
Everyone looked up again and saw that the Tuna Bird, which was over a hundred feet long, had wrinkled skin all over its body. Its huge body seemed to have been twisted by someone's hands, like a huge rag that had been twisted into a ball.
"Bam!"
The Tuna Bird, which had lost its ability to fly, fell heavily to the ground and rolled into the grass beside it.
The peak war reverends who saw this scene were all stunned.
During this period of time, Xun often went to the arena. Luo Zheng gave Xun some opportunities to exercise. In any case, if Xun won, the Light of Creation would still belong to Luo Zheng.
These peak war reverends knew a little about Xun's unpredictable spear technique. There were even some peak war reverends who stayed at the fourteenth level who specially went up on stage to experience Xun's spear technique.
Everyone knew that Smoke's marksmanship was very powerful, but they did not expect it to be this powerful!
When Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe joined forces, they were able to compete with a beginner level Battle-Saint. If they were given sufficient strength, they would also be able to kill the Tuna Bird. However, it was impossible for them to do it so cleanly!
"Good marksmanship!" Luo Zheng continued to run forward.
"Hmm." Hearing Luo Zheng's praise, Xun nodded. Her expression remained unchanged as she held her spear and stuck close to Luo Zheng's back.
Now that Luo Zheng was out of danger, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe could only return to the front of the team and lead them forward.
The overall situation was still very chaotic. The Xuan Ming Cave was originally a place of great danger. According to past practice, after entering the Xuan Ming Cave, they would hide for a period of time before carefully moving forward. However, not long after entering the Xuan Ming Cave, they encountered these demonic creatures. It could only be said that they were unlucky.
There were constantly people being taken away by the strange birds, but there were also Peak war venerables fighting back. In this short period of time, three Tuna Birds were killed by the Peak war venerables.
However, the number of Tuna Birds continued to increase.
The greater the commotion, the more Tuna Birds would be attracted, and the more dangerous the situation became.
Looking at the strange birds circling in the sky, Zhao Fenqin's scalp went numb. A bad premonition arose in his heart. The human race had just started to gain interest in the Tower of Sin, and now they were going to fall here?
This was what Situ Haotian was worried about.
In fact, it didn't matter if everyone, including Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, died. As long as Luo Zheng was alive, he could protect his position in the Tower of Sin!
However, in this situation, could he protect it?
Zhao Fenqin was very regretful. If he had known earlier, he would have risked his life to not let Luo Zheng enter the Xuan Ming Cave. Unfortunately, he understood that regret was useless. Even Situ Haotian's advice was useless. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't listen to him.
"Ga ga!"
From the side, more than ten strange birds swooped down.
The range of this wave of swooping down covered Luo Zheng and the others.
"This is bad!"
Zhao Fenqin cried out. He called out to Zhou Zhuohe and prepared to turn around and save them. This time, he really had to risk his life.
Luo Zheng also felt the danger coming from above him. He turned around, his eyes calm. The true essence in his dantian began to rapidly revolve. At the same time, the astral essence in the Hundred Meeting Stage above his head began to accumulate!
Xun Luo's spear turned, pointing it upwards. She lightly said, "We can't leave. Let's deal with these strange birds first."
As for Yun Luo, she lifted her delicate hand. Her fingertips shimmered with a strange light. It was as if she only needed to lightly point her finger and tens of thousands of finger lights would shoot out.
Many peak Reverends also understood that they couldn't run away now.
Although Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were leading the way, the dangers of the Xuan Ming Cave's inner and outer layers were not fixed. Every year, there would be changes.
Although Zhao Fenqin and the others were relatively experienced, it was impossible for them to control the entire situation and avoid these vicious creatures.
It was better to risk their lives here. Perhaps they might even be able to fight for a chance of survival.
"Kill!"
"Go all out. Although these strange birds are difficult to deal with, there is still a chance to kill them!"
"Everyone, come closer!"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. Faint starlight began to appear from his body as he clenched his fists.
"Ga ga ga ga ga …"
Those strange birds let out noisy cries and quickly rushed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng constantly judged the distance. When it was about time, his fist was suddenly filled with a powerful force.
"Stars Sink and Earth Quake!"
This fist suddenly swung out. Even the air was torn apart by Luo Zheng, producing a sharp sound. Luo Zheng's sleeves were even burned by the friction with the air because of the rapid wave.
The surging astral essence converged into a huge spiral and swept towards the top of Luo Zheng.
Directly above Luo Zheng's head, another strange bird pounced towards him. That strange bird happened to be wrapped in the spiral that Luo Zheng burst out.
"Ga ga ga …"
Just now, there were also peak war elders who had counterattacked the strange birds. However, they had to rely on the sharpness of their weapons to barely break through the strange birds' defenses.
As for the pure fist light that smashed into these strange birds, they did not move at all!
The Profound Nether Cave was originally a place that was difficult to survive. The monsters that could survive here were all able to resist the Profound Nether Death Ray. Not to mention these strange birds, even the flowers and grass on the ground were incomparably tough. Even a peak war elder would have to expend a lot of effort to pull out the weeds on the ground, let alone these huge strange birds.
However, the whirlpool created by Luo Zheng's punch actually sucked the strange bird into it. Under the rotation of the whirlpool, the strange bird's huge wings began to curl up and break!
By the time the strange bird rushed in front of Luo Zheng, its wings had already been twisted by the whirlpool and were firmly bound to its body. This strange bird was like a huge stick that directly fell down, and its beak, which was several zhang long, stabbed into the ground behind Luo Zheng!
Although this was not the time to die in a daze, seeing Luo Zheng knock down the bird's beak with a single punch, many peak war elders were still stunned.
Wasn't the power of this punch too great? What kind of fist technique was this?
Luo Zheng's punch also greatly increased everyone's morale. After all, Luo Zheng was only a ninth stage war general, killing these strange birds was like chopping melons and vegetables. Their peak war elders could not perform too badly!
As for Yun Luo, who had maintained a distance of three zhang from Luo Zheng, she took a step forward on her small wooden clogs and looked at the strange bird indifferently. With a slight tremble of her fingers, two slender finger lights shot out.
The two finger lights that flickered with a strange luster shot out from her hand and accurately pierced into the strange bird's huge eyes!
The strange bird's eyes were blinded by Cloud Fall, and it immediately lost its sense of direction. It flapped its wings and flapped them continuously, but in the end, it still fell to the ground and kept rolling. The strange bird's huge strength stirred up the sand and stones on the ground, and its powerful wings carved out ravines on the ground.
At this time, no one had the time to care about the strange bird. The blind Tuna Bird was no longer a threat, and the real trouble was the ones circling above their heads.