Zhao Fenqin was overjoyed, and everyone felt that it was inconceivable.
When a person was forced into a desperate situation, they would always be able to erupt with unimaginable power.
Previously, Zhao Fenqin had led everyone to escape, mainly because he was afraid of alerting other demons. Moreover, he was not sure if this group of people could handle it.
In the end, when they could not escape, they risked their lives and actually managed to endure it!
The remaining few lonely Tuna Birds continued to circle in the air. These Tuna Birds were not completely without intelligence, and the group of Peak War Elder below them were not easy to bully …
However, in their simple minds, they understood that there were no demons in the Profound Nether Cave that were easy to provoke. These Tuna Birds were at the bottom of the food chain, and in comparison, the humans below were relatively easy prey.
Therefore, they only circled around this group of humans, unwilling to leave. At the same time, they kept chirping, hoping to summon more of their kind.
"They're calling for their companions. Let's go." Hearing the cries of the strange birds, Zhao Fenqin's expression darkened, and he quickly led everyone away from this place.
Luo Zheng was still in the middle of the group. This Profound Nether Cave was just as Situ Haotian had said, it was too dangerous. Even if Luo Zheng's luck was extremely strong, it would not be easy for him to successfully obtain the inheritance.
However, when people ran on the ground, their speed would definitely not be able to compare to the birds flying in the sky. They had no way of getting rid of these strange birds.
This was a bit troublesome. On one hand, they were afraid that the strange birds would summon more companions. On the other hand, they were afraid that these noisy strange birds would attract the demons in the Profound Nether Cave …
This was definitely not the way to go. Every time they entered the Profound Nether Cave, they would be extremely careful. How could they dare to cause such a big commotion? After causing such a ruckus for so long, it was already considered lucky that they did not attract those powerful demons.
Their luck could be good for a while, but it could not be good for a lifetime. Their luck could not be good forever.
"Kill these strange birds first!" After stopping, Zhao Fenqin stared at the strange birds above him and said coldly.
"I'll go!"
"I'll go too!"
In fact, several Peak war elder s had this plan, but because the person leading the team was Zhao Fenqin, they still had to follow the orders. Now that Zhao Fenqin had made this decision, several Peak war elder s immediately shot towards the strange bird in the sky like arrows that had left their bows.
These strange birds were not stupid. When they saw the people below shooting up into the sky, they quickly flew up as well.
Although the flying speed of the Peak War Elder was not slow, it was far from being as agile as these strange birds. After circling around in the air a few times, they could not even touch the strange birds.
After the Peak war elder landed, the strange birds actually circled back …
"What bad luck!" Zhao Fenqin sighed, deep worry appearing on his face.
He would rather have these strange birds charge at him. He couldn't catch them or chase them away. He was at his wit's end. It wouldn't be long before they attracted even more strange birds.
"Ga ga ga ga …"
Most of the time, this was the case. What one feared would happen.
Not far away, a large black cloud suddenly appeared, and disorderly bird cries could be heard.
Everyone looked over. It was actually a black mass of strange birds. With so many strange birds, there were probably no less than a thousand of them …
Everyone's faces, including Luo Zheng's, darkened.
These strange birds were already difficult to kill by themselves. How could they deal with over a thousand of them at the same time?
In the blink of an eye, the cloud formed by the strange birds rushed over, completely blocking the weak Xuan Ming Death Ray.
"What, what should we do?" A Peak war elder asked.
"Split, split up and escape …" Zhao Fenqin's voice was trembling as he spoke.
"Even if we split up and escape, it's useless. There are so many strange birds …"
Luo Zheng looked at the group of strange birds, his eyes flashed, and then asked: "In the outer layer, where is the ferocious object?"
"What do you want?" Zhao Fenqin asked.
"Lure these strange birds over!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a determined expression.
At this time, they could only take the risk. Although it was difficult to deal with such a large number of strange birds, there were definitely stronger existences in the Xuan Ming Cave. They would die if they stayed here, so they could only lure these strange birds over. Perhaps they could seize a chance of survival.
Zhao Fenqin's mind spun quickly. At this time, there was no time for him to think. Luo Zheng's method was the only feasible method.
Coincidentally, Zhao Fenqin knew that there was a forbidden area in the west of the outer layer!
The people in the Tower of Sin were constantly perfecting a map based on the records of their predecessors' explorations. This map was shared by all races. Of course, there were some people who were unwilling to offer up important secrets and marked them on the map. They didn't even tell their own race's members about it.
However, many races were still quite generous towards dangers. After all, if they could mark a forbidden area, they would have a higher chance of survival.
However, these dangers and forbidden areas were constantly changing. For example, if there was a peerless ferocious object hiding in the outer layer, it was very likely that this object would move the next year. This way, the map wouldn't be accurate.
In the forbidden area in the west, it was said that there was a Giant Mangku Toad!
The Giant Mangku Toad had existed for a long time. In the past, many races broke into the forbidden area and were swept away by the Giant Mangku Toad's thick tongue. From then on, no warrior who entered the Xuan Ming Cave dared to go near it.
With the strength of the Giant Mangku Toad, not to mention a peak war reverend, even a war sage or a Divine Sea Realm warrior couldn't deal with it!
Normally, Zhao Fenqin wouldn't go there even if he was beaten to death. Just now, he led everyone to go around the Giant Mangku Toad's territory. However, now he had to lure these strange birds over.
Standing here was death. Perhaps there was a chance of survival if he lured them over!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Many peak war reverends, including Luo Zheng and the others, turned into streams of light and rushed forward, following behind Zhao Fenqin.
The thousands of strange birds in the sky chased closely, swooping down from time to time.
"Ah ah …"
In the process of this charge, another human warrior failed to dodge in time and was taken away by a strange bird.
"Hai Qing!"
A peak war reverend roared, but he was unable to turn around to save them. Behind them were countless strange birds, and as long as he turned around, he would immediately be eaten by those strange birds, dying without a complete corpse.
This time, neither Xing Hui nor Xia Shuang managed to get a spot in the Xuan Ming Cave. Instead, this brat followed them in, this brat was the nephew of the peak war reverend. He originally thought that following behind his uncle, he would only wander around the outer area of the Xuan Ming Cave and wouldn't be in too much danger.
However, at this time, everyone was busy taking care of themselves. How could they take care of a war general like him?
Just as everyone was sprinting, a strong sound wave suddenly came from beside their ears!
"Gu gu!"
That sound wave was so thick and powerful that it caused many trees to fall to the ground.
As for some of the weaker war reverends, or even some peak war reverends, they were caught off guard and did not protect their ears. Their ears were immediately injured by the terrifying sound wave, and blood flowed out of their ears.
"Everyone, cover your ears!" Don't let this Giant Mangku Toad damage your ears! "Zhao Fenqin shouted.
"F * ck!" Zhao Fenqin, why didn't you f * cking say so earlier! "Someone cursed.
At this time, everyone used their primeval essence to protect their ears, because they saw that the trees in front of them were once again bent to the ground, and an almost visible sound wave spread towards them.
"Gu gu!"
Even though they had covered their ears, the terrifying sound could still be heard, shocking everyone's minds. However, with everyone's cultivation, they wouldn't be injured under the protection.
But at the same time, everyone was deeply worried.
This Giant Mangku Toad was truly a ferocious creature. Just its cry was already so terrifying. How powerful was this thing? In order to avoid the strange birds in the sky, everyone rushed towards this Giant Mangku Toad. Was this really a good idea?
Good idea, bad idea. At this time, they had no other choice. The only choice was to bite the bullet and charge forward. The strange bird's speed was originally much faster than many peak war reverends, so at this time, it ran as fast as it could!
"Ga ga ga ga ga …"
The sound waves emitted by the Giant Mangku Toad spread in all directions, and the strange birds in the sky were clearly affected as well.
At this time, the group of strange birds had almost arrived above the humans. If they swooped down, they would be able to cut off Luo Zheng and the others' path forward!
＝＝＝＝＝