Although these strange birds were not very intelligent, they instinctively knew that there was a powerful demon in front of them. Therefore, they were one step ahead and blocked the path of these humans.
All the strange birds were circling in the air as they swooped down. The dense flock of birds seemed to form a huge tornado!
"Accept the challenge …"
Looking at the black mass of birds, Zhao Fenqin's voice was weak. He realized that it was really over this time!
Many of the peak war saints' expressions became even more unbearable. Other than a small number of people who could remain calm, most of the peak war saints' eyes were filled with despair. In this situation, even if they risked their lives, they would not be able to win. All resistance was futile!
Once this thought appeared, it was easy for people to give up resisting.
"It's over, it's useless. It looks like we're going to die in the Xuan Ming Cave!"
"Sigh, we should have returned to the Tower of Sin long ago!"
"We shouldn't have come out this time. The Xuan Ming Cave opens every year, why wait until this year?"
Everyone even began to complain, and many of them revealed expressions of regret.
Luo Zheng's face also darkened. It was indeed troublesome. Even he would find it difficult to escape from so many strange birds!
However, Luo Zheng had never given up in this generation. Even in the face of certain death, he would still not give up.
But now, the fighting spirit of these peak war saints had dissipated. From the looks of it, they had all given up on resisting.
Luo Zheng suddenly shouted: "It's just a group of strange birds. To think that you are all peak war saints, how can you be so useless!"
"So what if you die? Die with all your might or die cowardly, which will you choose? "
"Since we're about to die, why don't we try again?"
Luo Zheng roared at them, and at the same time, his body began to flicker with starlight. Then, he communicated with the Slaughtering Sword Mountain and released the surging baleful aura!
Then, he threw a punch at the "tornado" that was sweeping towards him!
As for Xun and Yun Luo, they did not have much expression, but there was no sign of giving up on their faces!
Whether it was Xun or Yun Luo, they both had the strength of an expert in the upper realm. For people like them, even in the face of certain death, they would face it calmly.
Calmly facing life and death was the most stable state of mind for a martial artist. This didn't mean that they weren't afraid of death, but that they understood how to correctly judge the distance between life and death, and how to adjust their mentality!
Most of the Peak War Reverends were indeed planning to give up. Hearing Luo Zheng's words and looking at the performance of Luo Zheng, Xun and Yun Luo, these juniors did not give up on resisting, but they, the Peak War Reverends, did not have any morale …
Many people felt a trace of shame in their hearts, but even more people had resolute expressions on their faces.
Luo Zheng was right. Since he was going to die anyway, why not take a gamble?
Therefore, in the face of over a thousand strange birds, everyone began to use their own ultimate techniques!
Bang!
"Phew …"
"Hua …"
All kinds of attacks were launched towards the sky!
Flame, frost, lightning, fist radiance, sword radiance …
It was these attacks that actually managed to stop the black mass of strange birds!
Some of the strange birds were sucked into the attacks of many Peak War Reverends. Although their defense was strong enough, they could not withstand the attacks of so many Peak War Reverends. They were instantly riddled with holes and fell from the sky.
It was a pity that there were too many strange birds. They were only able to block them for a moment before many of the strange birds dispersed the attacks below and surged forward once again.
"It's really over this time …"
"Clench your teeth, fight to the death!"
"That's right, even if we die, we won't let these strange birds have a good time!"
Just as everyone was preparing to fight with their lives on the line, another "Gu Gu" sound came from their ears.
Soon after, everyone saw a thick tongue pop out from a deep black pool not far away! That tongue was actually over a hundred feet wide, and when it extended out like this, it pulled out a distance of three to four miles, and suddenly swept towards them!
The thick tongue came like lightning. In the next moment, everyone saw a black shadow appear, and in the next moment, everyone realized that the huge tongue had already appeared above their heads!
Compared to this thick tongue, those strange birds were like little mosquitoes!
On the thick tongue, mucus continuously dripped down. Even though they were standing below the tongue, maintaining a distance of several zhang from the thick tongue, everyone could still feel the warm and rotten smell emitted by the tongue.
"Everyone, be careful of the mucus on your tongues. It's highly poisonous!" Zhao Fenqin reminded.
But just as he finished speaking, a Peak War Reverend was wrapped up by the mucus dripping from his tongue!
The Peak War Reverend didn't even have time to scream before his entire body melted bit by bit! It was as if he had disappeared into thin air in front of everyone!
One had to know that the Peak War Reverend still had a weapon in his hand, and it was even a low grade sacred artifact. But now, the Peak War Reverend and the sacred artifact in his hand had all melted into nothingness.
Everyone's expression changed, including Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng's immortal artifact body was known to be impervious to poison, looking at the power of the mucus, even a sacred artifact could be easily melted. His own body would definitely not be able to withstand it!
Fortunately, the pressure from the tongue was not fast. Everyone was on guard and dodged, so it was not difficult to avoid it.
The huge tongue continued to roll around above everyone's heads. As long as the strange birds were rolled up by the huge tongue, they would be stuck to it. Not long later, most of the strange birds were rolled up by the tongue!
The remaining dozens of strange birds screamed and fled in all directions!
As for the vast majority of the strange birds, they were firmly stuck to the tongue and were quickly melted by the mucus on the tongue!
After rolling up these strange birds, the huge tongue rolled back. Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the tongue. The red light in the Profound Nether Cave was very weak, and the line of sight was not very good. Even a Peak War Reverend could not see anything in the distance.
However, the green light in Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and the Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes could clearly see the scene hidden in the darkness!
He saw a deep black pool in the distance, and in the deep pool, there was a huge toad hiding in the pool!
"This is the Giant Python Toad!"
The Giant Python Toad's body was almost as big as a mountain, but most of its body was hidden under the water line of the deep pool, only revealing a pair of eyes the size of a house, emitting a dark red light!
After rolling back the tongue, the Giant Python Toad's mouth refused for a moment, as if it was still unsatisfied, and cried out again.
"Gugu!"
The violent sound wave immediately set off a huge wave in the deep pool, and at the same time, spread towards Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng did not move, and his gaze was still fixed on the toad. He saw that the Giant Python Toad actually stretched out two thick forelimbs, preparing to leave the deep pool.
"It's coming over …" Luo Zheng's heart tightened.
At this time, many Peak War Reverends were still immersed in the joy of narrowly escaping death. They never thought that in their moment of despair, they would be saved by such a thick tongue. Although one of the Peak War Reverends was corroded by the mucus of the tongue, at least the majority of them survived!
However, Luo Zheng did not move at all, as if he had been immobilized, staring straight ahead.
"Alright, everyone, quickly leave this place. Although we have not entered the territory of the Giant Python Toad, we are very close. If it …" Zhao Fenqin still said very cautiously.
At this moment, Luo Zheng shouted, "Everyone, quickly leave! Spread out, spread out! "
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, the power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly erupted. With the force of his feet, his entire body shot towards the sky!
Hearing Luo Zheng's reminder and seeing the speed at which Luo Zheng was escaping, a strong sense of danger rose in everyone's hearts. The many Peak War Reverends who were originally gathered together also started to scatter!
Just as the crowd dispersed, they saw the gigantic tongue lashing out at the spot where they were just a moment ago!
"Bam!"
That huge tongue directly created a large crater with a diameter of seven to eight meters on the ground! The mucus secreted from the tongue continued to corrode the ground, making sizzling sounds.
Everyone's faces flashed with palpitations.