Seeing the tongue coming towards him, Luo Zheng's expression changed drastically!
Could it be that the giant toad knows that I've seen it?
There was no time for Luo Zheng to think too much at this moment!
The others dodged the tongue, but Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's expressions instantly darkened!
Luo Zheng was now the most important person in the Tower of Sin. The others could die, but Luo Zheng could not be in any danger.
Although Zhao Fenqin did not want to anger the giant toad, they had no other choice.
"Luo Zheng, retreat!"
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe attacked at almost the same time!
The two of them cooperated well. With their combined strength, they could fight against a beginner level Battle-Saint!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe each sent out two sword beams. The two sword beams intertwined and shot towards the giant tongue!
Although the giant tongue was fast, its size was huge. With such a huge target, the two's attacks were bound to hit.
However, even though the two intertwined sword beams were comparable to the attack of a Battle Saint, they did not cause any damage to the tongue at all. It was as if the sword beams had merely tickled the tongue and could not stop it in the slightest!
"It's over!"
Seeing this, Zhao Fenqin and the others' hearts sank. No matter how lucky Luo Zheng was, it was useless. No one could save him in this situation!
This was the Mysterious Underworld Cave, located under the Cursed Land. It was impossible for a Divine Sea Realm warrior to appear here, right? Moreover, even if a Divine Sea Realm warrior came, so what? Zhao Fenqin estimated that even if Situ Haotian came, he would still be no match for the toad.
Facing the rapidly approaching giant tongue, Luo Zheng's mind was spinning rapidly. The mucus on the tongue could even dissolve a Saint Tool. He would not be able to resist it! Even if his special body could resist it for a moment, he would still die if he entered the giant toad's stomach.
Xun, who was floating beside Luo Zheng, looked serious. She thrust out her spear, and an invisible wave burst toward the tongue!
At the same time, Yun Luo attacked as well. She stretched out her hand and pointed lightly, causing a ray of light to shoot towards the tongue as well!
"Pu pu!"
The attacks of the two women were effective, especially Xun. After thrusting out with her spear, the spear danced in her hand, and the invisible force kept destroying the insides of the tongue, pulling out countless small cuts on the side of the tongue!
These cuts were about the size of a person!
However, although the wound wasn't small, it was still a small wound for such a huge tongue. It couldn't stop the tongue from rushing towards Luo Zheng!
"Retreat!"
Of course, Luo Zheng couldn't just sit there and wait for his death. The moment he saw the big tongue rushing towards him, he quickly retreated.
However, he knew very well that the toad had already crawled out of the pitch-black pool. If he retreated, it would definitely follow him ….
How to counterattack?
"Stars Sink and Earth Quake!"
Luo Zheng's first move was his strongest punch. Holding back a trump card at a time like this was courting death!
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng's punch created a vortex of stars, causing the stinking tongue to cave in. Unfortunately, it was useless. Just like Xun's attack, although it could cause damage to the tongue, how difficult was it to completely destroy such a huge tongue?
This was the first time Luo Zheng's "Stellar Combat Body" had failed. Firstly, Luo Zheng had only cultivated the "Stellar Combat Body" for a short period of time. Secondly, his cultivation level was too low. This giant toad wasn't something people of their level could fight against. It was because of this that this place was classified as a forbidden area!
It was also because of this that more than half of the people in the Mysterious Underworld Cave died every year. And this was only in the outer area. Those who entered the inner area had a higher mortality rate. As for those who entered the core area, their mortality rate was 100%. This was because those who entered the core area had never returned!
"What do I do?"
Luo Zheng retreated quickly. He even crossed space, hoping to put some distance between himself and the tongue. However, the tongue was clearly faster than him!
"Fire! Black Fire! Qinglong! "
Luo Zheng didn't have time to dawdle. He directly shouted at Qinglong in his mind.
The Black Fire wasn't big, but it could burn everything. He could only give it a try …
Under normal circumstances, Luo Zheng wouldn't use the Black Flame, especially in front of so many people. However, he had no choice but to use the Black Flame now. He didn't want his body to be melted by the tongue and become the toad's food!
"Whoosh!"
A small but agile flame suddenly emerged from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows!
As soon as the flame emerged, it happily danced in the air!
When Yun Luo saw the Black Fire, her eyes flashed. Then, she frowned as if she was lost in thought!
When Xun saw the Black Fire, her expression changed. She subconsciously looked at Yun Luo …
As Luo Zheng's body, Xun had always had her own thoughts. She had seen the Black Fire before, but Yun Luo had never seen Luo Zheng's Black Fire.
Obviously, Xun was very unhappy that Yun Luo had discovered the Black Fire. However, Luo Zheng was in a critical situation, so Xun didn't have time to worry about it.
Everyone watched as the Black Fire emerged from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows. The Black Fire seemed to have a mind of its own. Luo Zheng didn't control it and rushed toward the tongue.
Compared to the huge tongue, the Black Fire was smaller than an ant. It instantly drilled into the tongue. As the Black Fire was too small, no wound could be found when it drilled into the tongue …
However, the moment the Black Fire drilled into the tongue, the tongue that was originally flicking toward Luo Zheng suddenly twisted violently.
It was like a snake that had its head chopped off. The tongue twisted crazily without any purpose. Fortunately, the people around had already distanced themselves from the tongue. Otherwise, if they were accidentally sucked in, they would also die!
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
The tongue whipped the ground again and again, creating huge holes in the ground.
Such a huge movement must have alarmed the demons within dozens of miles. However, the strength of these demons was naturally not as strong as the Giant Python Toad, so they all hid deeply. In the outer layer of the Xuanming Cave, this Giant Python Toad was considered a ferocious creature at the top of the food chain!
"What is that Black Fire? How can it make the Giant Python Toad suffer so much? "
"I don't know. Who knows how many secrets Luo Zheng has!"
"This toad is too stupid. Why doesn't it retract its tongue?"
"Do you think the Giant Python Toad is stupider than you? The Black Fire is obviously still in its tongue. Although I don't know what the Black Fire is, seeing the Giant Python Toad in so much pain, if the Black Fire doesn't come out, it will retract its tongue. Won't it burn in its mouth? "
After the Giant Python Toad's tongue lashed on the ground for a while, everyone saw a fierce flame suddenly erupt from the front part of the tongue. From the tip of the tongue to about one zhang long, the entire tongue was completely burned!
Everyone suddenly smelled the smell of roasted meat mixed with the smell of roasted meat!
"Whoosh!"
That wisp of Black Fire drilled out of the tongue!
Just as the black flames burrowed out, the tongue that had burned off the tip of the tongue chose to roll back. It was as if it was fleeing in a panic to avoid the black flames. The tongue that was close to one kilometer long rolled back and instantly disappeared into the darkness not far away.
At this time, the Black Fire seemed to be very happy. It hovered in the air for a while and even made a chirping sound. Then, it directly disappeared into the space between Luo Zheng's eyebrows.
Luo Zheng didn't even stop. He looked at the Giant Python Toad that had already left the pool and said, "Run!"
The Giant Python Toad was like a mountain, creeping in the darkness. This distance was just a jump for such a huge toad. When the Giant Python Toad really pounced on them, no one would be able to escape!
Everyone followed Luo Zheng's gaze and looked over. They didn't see anything, but they didn't ask Luo Zheng. It was very simple. The Giant Python Toad's tongue was already so terrifying. There was no need to see what would happen next. They were no match for it. Luo Zheng had just burned a part of the Giant Python Toad's tongue. If they didn't run now, when would they run?
As for what Luo Zheng saw, they didn't want to see it, and they didn't dare to see it!