Everyone left the place as fast as they could.
Even in the outer layer of Xuan Ming Cave, any place with great danger was unapproachable. If they were not careful, everyone would die here.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a faint green light. Although he was retreating, he was also very vigilant!
Although the Giant Python Toad's tongue was fast, there was still some distance between them. He still had room to dodge.
However, if the toad pounced over, he would be helpless. Everyone would die.
Luo Zheng saw that although the toad had left the huge pond, it had only moved two steps forward. Its black figure had completely blended into the darkness. Only two house-sized eyes were staring at him!
"Luckily, it didn't plan on chasing us." Luo Zheng retreated backwards. However, his eyes were fixed on the toad in the shadows. After he had put a considerable distance between them, he turned around and caught up with the group.
"That toad, what's its background?" Xun asked Yun Luo.
The few peak war reverends looked at Xun, but did not know why Xun asked this question. This toad might have been here for a long time. It was clearly marked on the map of Xuan Ming Cave. Moreover, this toad had never moved and had always been here.
The demonic creatures in Xuan Ming Cave were very complicated. There were many types and they were usually very strong.
Furthermore, any powerful demonic creature that charged out of the Cursed Lands could bring about a calamity to the Neptune Continent. Take this Giant Python Toad as an example. There was probably no one in the entire Neptune Continent who could stop it!
Fortunately, the demonic creatures in Xuan Ming Cave were very strong. However, until now, none of them had walked out of Xuan Ming Cave. The reason was unknown. However, most of them guessed that these creatures were afraid of the power of the Cursed Land and did not dare to walk out of Xuan Ming Cave.
However, this guess was quickly overturned. Xuan Ming Cave was underground. These demonic creatures could dig a tunnel and come out from another part of the Sea God Continent. However, until now, no powerful demonic creature had done so. Therefore, Xuan Ming Cave was not as simple as imagined.
"That's a Giant Python Toad. It's one of Yu Chanzi's spiritual beasts." Yun Luo directly answered.
"Quasi-Realm Master, Yu Chanzi?" Xun asked.
"Yes, he's dead." Yun Luo's expression remained unchanged.
Although the conversation between the two was short, everyone understood it. However, it didn't matter if they understood it or not, even if the big toad could be subdued as a spirit object, and some of these Peak war elder s were proficient in capturing spirit beasts and planting enslavement imprints.
But to capture the spirit beast of a quasi-sector lord? That was no different from courting death.
Following Zhao Fenqin's continuous retreat, everyone finally returned to the normal route.
Many people's faces were still deathly pale …
Zhou Zhuohe counted the number of people. Just now, after being chased by those strange birds, there were only less than fifty people left out of the hundreds of people in the Human Clan.
In such a situation, not being completely wiped out was already the best outcome.
"Let's go back the way we came?" A peak war elder suggested.
The peak war elder who said this was not afraid of death. This peak war elder had entered the Profound Nether Cave before, but he had never encountered such a great danger. He felt that there might be some changes in the Profound Nether Cave, which was why he made this suggestion.
As soon as the Peak War Elder said this, many War Elder s and some War Generals also agreed.
"Yes, the activities of the demons in the Profound Nether Cave this year are too frequent. I feel that something is wrong."
"To be safe, it's better to go first. Since the Profound Nether Cave opens every year, we can wait for a chance in the future."
"I don't want to stay in this damned place anymore. Everyone says that the Profound Nether Cave is filled with death. I think it's a certainty!"
With everyone agreeing, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe also revealed expressions of interest. Their trip to the Mysterious Underworld Cave this time was truly unlucky. They had encountered such a great danger the moment they entered. For safety's sake, it would be better to return to the Sin Tower first.
However …
Zhao Fenqin looked at Luo Zheng. He still had to consult Luo Zheng on this question.
When Zhao Fenqin looked over, Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "If you are willing to go back, of course I won't have any objections, but I will stay."
Xun's gaze was calm, and there seemed to be a faint flame flowing in her red eyes. She did not speak, but Yun Luo said, "I will also continue to follow Luo Zheng to explore the Profound Nether Cave."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin was in a difficult position.
To put it bluntly, including Zhao Fenqin himself, all the peak war elders here added together were not as important as Luo Zheng!
To the Purple Heart Sacred Land, it was equivalent to relying on Luo Zheng to control the Sin Tower. If they lost all their peak war elders, the Purple Heart Sacred Land could still nurture more peak war elders. However, if they lost Luo Zheng, the Human Race's position in the Sin Tower would return to its original state.
For example, the alliance between the Demon Night Clan's Sky Feather Sacred Land and the Purple Heart Sacred Land was because of Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit Body woman, Xun. To put it bluntly, it was because of Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, why would a dignified Rank Seven Sacred Land ally with a Rank Six Sacred Land like the Purple Heart Sacred Land?
If Zhao Fenqin could think of the pros and cons, many peak war elders might not be able to think of it.
"The Profound Nether Cave is too dangerous this time. I suspect that a chaotic tide has erupted, so …" Zhao Fenqin did not give up. He wanted to persuade Luo Zheng to return.
"Chaotic tide?" Luo Zheng asked doubtfully.
"Yes, but this is only a guess. However, the Profound Nether Cave seems to have an outbreak every ten years or so. When the chaotic tide erupts, the demon creatures in the Profound Nether Cave will be very active. The danger level will also increase greatly. Normally, under these circumstances, we will cancel this year's exploration." Zhao Fenqin stared at Luo Zheng and said.
He said this to remind Luo Zheng of the dangers in the Profound Nether Cave. He couldn't just watch so many humans die with him, right?
Luo Zheng and Zhao Fenqin had different considerations.
After looking at the Giant Python Toad, how could Luo Zheng not know the dangers of the Profound Nether Cave?
However, Luo Zheng did not have much time left. He had been on this continent for close to a year. With each passing day, Luo Zheng's heart would be in suspense!
If Luo Zheng missed this opportunity, he would have to wait another year!
Although if Luo Zheng was given a year, it was very likely that he would become a war elder, or even a peak war elder, and with his strength, it would be relatively safer for him to enter the Profound Nether Cave. However, in a year's time, there were too many variables that could happen in the central region, Luo Zheng could not wait!
"I'm sorry. Although I know that this place is very dangerous, I really cannot wait another year." Luo Zheng shook his head and looked at Zhao Fenqin with a persistent gaze.
Zhao Fenqin took a deep breath. He should not have left Luo Zheng in the Profound Nether Cave. If he really did that, Luo Zheng would be fine. However, if Luo Zheng could not return to the Sin Tower, the Purple Heart Holy Land would be the first to come after him!
However, many people had already thought of retreating. He could not bring those people into the fire pit!
In the end, he said, "Zhou Zhuohe, you and I will stay here. The rest of you will return to the Sin Tower!"
Zhou Zhuohe did not hesitate. He understood Zhao Fenqin's situation very well and had his own thoughts.
Hearing Zhao Fenqin's words, many peak War Reverends heaved a sigh of relief. Many of them did not want to stay in this damned place for even a moment longer.
It was not difficult to go back the way they came. Just now, they were chased by the Tuna Birds all the way, but they only ran for a few dozen miles. To experts of their level, this journey did not take long …
After the peak War Reverends left with the Generals, Zhao Fenqin turned his head and said, "Since that is the case, we will also risk our lives to accompany you! However, Young Hero Luo Zheng, the opportunity you want to obtain in the Profound Nether Cave must not be an ordinary opportunity, right? "
There were opportunities everywhere in the Profound Nether Cave. Even in the outer region, many people had obtained quite a few opportunities. Although the opportunities in the outer region had decreased due to many years of searching, there were still people who found many good things every year!
"I'm not sure either," Luo Zheng replied.
"Not sure?" Zhao Fenqin's face revealed a strange expression. "Then do you have a goal?"
"Probably. If possible, I want to enter the core region of the Profound Nether Cave," Luo Zheng said.
When these words came out, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's faces were full of sobs. Did this kid eat the wrong medicine?
＝＝＝＝＝