The outer region of the Mysterious Underworld Cave was already extremely dangerous. However, Luo Zheng was well aware that so many people had died not long after entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
From the beginning, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe had no intention of entering the inner region.
The inner area had to go through a lot of preparation, and it often required the cooperation of several races before they could enter.
Even so, who knew how many peak war venerables had died in the inner region.
However, there were more opportunities in the inner region. Those who could return from there had obtained considerable benefits. Therefore, even though the inner region was extremely dangerous, there were still creatures willing to take the risk.
However, Luo Zheng did not say that he wanted to enter the inner region. He wanted to enter the core region …
The core region was simply a land of death. No one who entered could return. So far, no one knew what was in the core region. It was an unpredictable existence!
On the map, the outer region was marked with many dangerous places. However, there were fewer dangerous places in the inner region. Because people had not explored and understood much, it was more dangerous.
As for the core region … it was completely blank on the map. There was nothing there. There was no need to mark that place because everyone knew that entering it meant certain death.
"Luo Zheng, y-you're joking, right?" Zhao Fenqin stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng chuckled. "Just take it as a joke."
Back then, Immortal Tian Miao had given Luo Zheng this token to let him obtain the inheritance. However, he did not explain it very clearly. Tian Miao had never entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Although he knew that the inheritance was inside, he did not know where it was. He only told him that when he approached the inheritance, the jade butterfly would react.
Luo Zheng was not a reckless person. He understood that no matter how heaven-defying his luck was, he would still die when it was time to die.
At this stage, the jade butterfly had not reacted. Luo Zheng naturally chose to explore the outer region first. If he could not find the inheritance in the outer region, he would naturally choose to enter the inner region. If he could not find it in the inner region …
Since the core region was a land of death, Luo Zheng would not rashly barge in. If he still could not obtain the inheritance, Luo Zheng would choose to leave.
He had indeed promised Tian Miao to obtain the inheritance in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Since it was something important to the entire human race, Luo Zheng would also weigh his own strength. If he could not obtain it with his strength, he would not die in vain.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Zhao Fenqin sighed in relief. No one would die in vain. Fortunately, Luo Zheng still had some rationality.... then he said, "Since that's the case, let's follow the path!
....................................................
As he went deeper and deeper into the outer layer, the surrounding environment was constantly changing. At the same time, the dim red light was constantly increasing in intensity.
The weakened Mysterious Underworld Death Ray was still powerful. If it was an ordinary human without cultivation, they would probably die from being pierced through by this red light.
As the red light strengthened, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Yun Luo all had a faint layer of Protective True Essence on their bodies. It was used to resist the attack of the red light. Because Luo Zheng was a Sword Spirit, he did not use Vital Essence. The piercing feeling did not cause much discomfort to Luo Zheng.
As for Xun, she was a Sword Spirit, so she naturally could not feel pain.
After walking for about an hour, the sound of fighting suddenly came from the side. Then six figures shot out from the bushes.
Two of the six silhouettes held longbows in their hands. They turned around and shot an arrow into the forest. Just as the two of them released the arrow, a greenish-black ghostly claw suddenly stretched out from the forest and grabbed at the two people in the air. The two archers had no time to dodge and were instantly crushed into pieces!
"You guys go quickly. I'll cover you!"
When the ghost claw continued to grab upward, a woman, who was originally the strongest among the six people, shouted. Then, an infinite brilliance bloomed from her body. In the brilliance, there were shadows of flowers. Wherever the brilliance shrouded, a scene of blooming flowers appeared!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless colorful petals brewed within the brilliance. As soon as those petals appeared, they stuck to the ghostly claw. In the blink of an eye, the ghostly claw that was brimming with murderous aura was covered in petals!
"Explode!"
The woman spat out a single word.
"Boom!"
The violent explosion immediately slowed down the ghost claw. Then, the remaining four people hurriedly fled and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
The four people hurriedly rushed over and saw Luo Zheng. Then, they saw Xun beside Luo Zheng and immediately said, "My king, this place is extremely dangerous. Quickly retreat with us!"
Luo Zheng and the others already saw who it was. It was Ling Yan of the Demon Night clan. Other than Ling Yan, the other three were also peak war reverends of the Demon Night clan!
"Let's go!"
Everyone did not say much and turned their heads to follow. Just now, the strength of that Ghost Claw was not the slightest bit weaker than that Giant Python Toad. This was also fortunate that it was Ling Yan.
After all, Ling Yan was the number one person in the Sin Tower! She was the strongest peak war reverend. Meng Tian was not her match.
"There are only four people left in your Demon Night clan?" Zhao Fenqin said with a face full of surprise.
The Demon Night clan had more seats than the human clan. This time, they had a few dozen more people than the human clan. Now, there were only four people left. Could it be that the Demon Night clan had also encountered a great calamity?
Ling Yan shook her head and said, "I discovered that a chaotic tide might have erupted in the Profound Nether Cave, so I sent most of my clan members back."
Zhao Fenqin nodded, "I also suspected it, so I let them return to the tower first."
Just as everyone fled to a relatively safe area, Ling Yan and the other three Demon Night clan members wanted to kneel again. However, Xun said indifferently, "This place is dangerous. No need for formalities."
Zhao Fenqin then asked, "If that's the case, why didn't you guys return?"
"Since a chaotic tide has erupted, the danger has increased, but the opportunity has also come." Ling Yan said.
Ling Yan was right. The chaotic tide was indeed very dangerous, but at the same time, it was accompanied by great opportunities. For example, there were some places that could not be entered in the past because they were blocked by some extremely ferocious things. However, the chaotic tide had moved those ferocious things, and the dangerous places had been opened.
However, in comparison to the opportunity, the danger was also many times greater. This was also because Ling Yan was skilled and daring. The place they had barged into was originally a place of great danger. Ling Yan brought a few subordinates and barged in, but obtained several Onyx Pearls!
These Dark Nether Pearls were extremely precious. The value of each Dark Nether Pearl was comparable to the value of a medium grade saint artifact. However, Ling Yan had also paid an unknown price. The two peak war reverends who had entered with her had died inside.
"My king, these two Dark Nether Pearls were obtained by this subordinate. Please accept them." Ling Yan respectfully walked in front of Xun and presented the two Dark Nether Pearls to her.
Xun's soul was only a hundred-thousandth of what it used to be. However, at her level, her soul was abnormally powerful. Even if it was only a hundred-thousandth of her soul, it was still far more powerful than the cultivators of the lower realms.
However, it was precisely because of this that it was very difficult to nourish and strengthen her soul. The pills and secret techniques that nourished the soul in the lower realms were completely ineffective. Even when Xun had entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land and absorbed the life force of the entire sacred tree, the effects were minimal.
However, these Dark Nether Pearls were items from the upper realms. They were specifically used to repair damaged souls. Xun naturally knew that they could strengthen her soul. She nodded and had Luo Zheng accept them.