When Zhao Fenqin and the others saw this scene, they were envious, but that was their king, they couldn't be envious.
When Luo Zheng threw the two Abyssal Beads into the Sumeru Ring, Ling Yan suddenly knelt and said to Xun, "My king, this time the chaotic tide broke out in the Profound Nether Cave, it is already an extremely dangerous place. It is not suitable for you to personally explore, please return to the Sin Tower!"
Ling Yan originally wanted to say that if they could obtain any opportunity, they would naturally offer it, but at this moment, it wasn't good to say so. Since Zhao Fenqin knew about the chaotic tide in advance, he must have advised Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng was still here, it must have been them who persisted.
The second time she was advised to return to the Sin Tower, although it was for the good of Xun and Luo Zheng, Xun's face still sank.
Right now, only Luo Zheng could help Xun return to her throne, and Luo Zheng would definitely not give up. She certainly didn't want to hear Ling Yan say such words.
"I won't go back," Xun coldly stared at Ling Yan, then added: "Don't make me say it a second time."
Ling Yan's heart trembled, she also understood that her advice was useless, then she stood up and said: "In that case, I implore my king to let us stay and explore the Profound Nether Cave with you."
"This is a good suggestion," Zhao Fenqin's face revealed joy. Ling Yan's strength was the strongest peak war elder in the Sin Tower! Back then, when Ling Yan was on the tenth floor, she had already climbed up to the fourth row of the Talent Monument. Now that she was at the peak war elder, she was probably not much weaker than an ordinary War Sage. If she were to join them, Zhao Fenqin would have a lot more confidence.
A few days ago, Ling Yan was worried about Luo Zheng following the human war elder, so she discussed with Luo Zheng to follow her Demon Night Clan into the Profound Nether Cave. Xun was now Luo Zheng's sword spirit, if Luo Zheng died, the sword spirit body that Xun relied on would also be destroyed. Ling Yan didn't care about Luo Zheng, but she cared about Xun's comfort.
However, this suggestion was rejected by Luo Zheng.
The current situation was in line with Ling Yan's wishes.
Then, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin took out a map, planning to choose a relatively easy route.
At this moment, her eyes flashed, her figure turned, and her slender finger pointed in a direction!
"Whoosh!"
"Bang!"
In the forest not far away, four people's's face had a smile.
Ling Yan's face looked at the four people said: "Night clan?"
The Night Clan Clan's Night clan's Night Clan member was Night clan's night clan's night Clan.
Their presence in the Night clan's clan's clan, the Night's Night of's's's was's they had a strong '' '''s, they was a clan's clan's had a 'had's's' ''s their's be''s be ranked their '''s of them's, the's s Nether Night Nether's''s of the's' ''s's''s' '''s Continent.
This time, the Nether Night clan was greatly affected by the Nether Night clan's elimination of the Nether Night clan. They had always relied on the Nether Night clan, but the Nether Night clan was all chased out of the Nether Night clan's Nether Night clan by Luo Zheng. This was equivalent to their's' protection being removed. Naturally, their status in the Nether Night clan plummeted.
Almost everyone in the Night clan was an assassin. They were good at hiding and delivering a fatal blow to their opponents. However, they were not strong in frontal combat.
These four Night clan's's' had just concealed themselves, and even Ling Yan did not discover them!
Ling Yan also glanced at Yun Luo intentionally or unintentionally. Even Ling Yan could not see through this mysterious human girl. She was only a tenth rank battle general, but her perception was so sharp?
"Xue Luotian, you're hiding here because you want to kill Luo Zheng this time?" Ling Yan did not show any mercy. Her body began to flicker with a dazzling light, and she was about to make a move.
This was not impossible. The Night clan had always been a vassal of the Nether Night clan. The Nether Night clan had intentionally cultivated many Night clan's death warriors to assassinate those thorns in the Nether Night tower. At that time, Luo Zheng had also encountered Night clan's assassins.
This Xue Luotian was also a seat controller. Moreover, he was the strongest seat controller in the Night clan. Hearing Ling Yan's words, he quickly waved his hand: "Not at all, not at all. It's just that this time, the tide of chaos has erupted in the Black Nether Cave. We want to travel together with you."
Hearing Xue Luotian's words, Ling Yan sneered, "You think you're qualified?"
These words made Xue Luotian and the others somewhat embarrassed. The four of them were's' 'Night clan's' 'Peak's'. Although Ling Yan was powerful, how could they not be qualified?
However, they did not dare to refute. Although the Night clan's' concealment was powerful, facing Ling Yan and the others directly, they had no chance of winning.
At this time, Zhao Fenqin said: "Since it's like this, I'll say a few words. It's okay for everyone to cooperate temporarily."
The Night clan had the Night clan's advantages. This clan, which was rich in assassins, was suitable for concealment and investigation. If one had the Night clan as a companion, they could often avoid many dangers in advance.
Although Zhao Fenqin did not like the Night clan, at this time, there was no need to make things difficult for himself. Moreover, they still had the advantage. Even if the Night clan had evil intentions and wanted to make a move on Luo Zheng, they still had Ling Yan and himself! Furthermore, Zhao Fenqin faintly felt that Luo Zheng's strength was not much worse than his. Just based on the Night clan's' Peak's' 'Peak's' ', it would not be a big problem!
"Brother Fen Qin is right. Although our Night clan's' strength is not strong, we still have some talent in some aspects, hehe." Xue Luotian laughed.
Ling Yan hesitated for a moment and weighed it in her heart. She still had the courage of a capable person. She had absolute confidence in her own strength. Keeping these Night clan members by her side was not a bad thing. In the end, she agreed.
After that, everyone planned a route. Now, this temporary team finally set off again.
However, at the same time, at the top of the Tower of Sin, in a secret passage, two tall and sturdy figures were squeezing inside. They were the two Peak war elder s of the Demon Clan, Meng Chong and Tian Hu.
Before the Demon Race retreated from the Tower of Sin, Yuan Bai and Tian Hu were ordered to hide in the Tower of Sin. However, Meng Chong insisted that Yuan Bai be replaced!
Not being able to kill Luo Zheng had always been a knot in Meng Chong's heart. Because of this, his heart had become extremely depressed. Because of this problem, even his heart of martial arts had become unstable.
Meng Chong's strength was actually slightly weaker than Tian Hu's, but because of the knot in his heart, Meng Chong was able to use the negative emotions to break through in a short period of time! He was now a first level Battle-Saint!
On the other hand, Tianhu was still at the peak war elder level!
Although they were seat controllers, most of them had suppressed their cultivation. In reality, it wasn't easy to break through the war elder level and enter the war saint level. Furthermore, Meng Chong had to go through a life and death tribulation to break through!
This secret passage didn't look small. It was more than enough for humans or the Demon Night Clan. However, for the Demon Clan's tall and sturdy bodies, it was extremely cramped. Meng Chong almost couldn't endure the life and death tribulation in such a small place!
However, in the end, he still became a war saint! Although Tian Hu hadn't broken through, with his cultivation as a first level Battle-Saint, it was more than enough to kill Luo Zheng!
"News from the Xue Luo Sky has arrived. They have found Luo Zheng," Tian Hu reported to Meng Chong.
Meng Chong nodded and made a sound of acknowledgment. Originally, Meng Chong's position was lower than Tian Hu's, but now that he was a war saint, he naturally had the upper hand.
"After being cooped up in this damn place for several months, I can finally leave," Meng Chong came out of the secret passage and sneered as he looked at the scene in the Mysterious Nether Cave.
Soon, Tian Hu also came out and stretched his huge body, "I really don't know how Tian Qiong and Tian Hui made it through! I was almost suffocated to death! "
"Let's go. It's time to eliminate that brat. The humans have been happy in the Tower of Sin for several months. It's time for us demons to reap the benefits!"
The Demon Clan's plan could be said to be beautiful. As the seat controller of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng could be said to be extremely sharp. Therefore, the Demon Clan temporarily avoided this sharp edge and withdrew from the Tower of Sin!
Now that Luo Zheng had entered the Mysterious Nether Cave and Meng Chong had advanced to the war saint level, as long as the Demon Night Clan gave the signal to kill Luo Zheng, the Demon Clan would be able to return to the Tower of Sin!
As for the seats taken by the humans and even the Demon Night Clan, the Demon Clan would have to spit them out one by one!