The Xuan Ming Cave was illuminated by the Xuan Ming Death Ray all year round, so the environment was very harsh. To be able to grow here, the creatures that reproduced here were definitely much stronger than the outside world.
Under the dim red light, a stalk of grass on the ground was bent by a foot. When the foot moved away, the stalk of grass tenaciously rose up again. It even waved its blade-like leaves in an attempt to counterattack! The leaf was thin, but it could easily cut through an ordinary profound artifact!
If ordinary beasts and poor people passed through this kind of forest, they would never be able to walk out. Because before they could even walk halfway, they would find that there were countless sharp blades cutting their legs. Soon, they would be torn into pieces.
However, this kind of grass was no threat to the many peak war elders. It could not even penetrate their protective true essence!
Ling Yan nimbly swayed her steps as she led the way in front.
Luo Zheng and the others followed closely behind.
As long as the few peak war elders of the Night Clan were like ghosts, they blocked all of their auras and shuttled back and forth in the surroundings.
"In front of us is the Bloody Mouth Pass. Everyone, remove all of your true essence and astral essence. Don't make any sound." Ling Yan said with a true essence sound transmission.
"Bloody Mouth Pass?" Luo Zheng looked ahead. Two short mountain peaks formed an angle in front of them, and a path flowed out. It was indeed a pass, but what was going on with all of their true essence and astral essence?
"On both sides of the Bloody Mouth Pass are the nests of two powerful monsters. One is the Azure Wolf, and the other is the strange bird we saw before, the Swallowing Bird. After passing through this pass, we must block all of our auras." Zhao Fenqin took out a cloak from his spatial ring and covered his body.
The others did the same, using cloaks to cover themselves.
Not everyone could be like Luo Zheng, relying on their bodies to block the red light. Although the Xuan Ming Death Ray was weakened, this kind of light was like a fine needle, piercing the skin would be very uncomfortable. After removing the protective true essence or the protective astral essence, they naturally needed to use a cloak to block it.
After they were ready, everyone held their breaths and carefully walked forward.
The four Peak war elder s of the Night Clan were like agile leopards as they swept past the forest in front of them without making any sound.
Ling Yan and the others could not do this, and the speed of their advance was much less.
As the group got closer and closer to the Bloodmouth Pass, everyone became more and more vigilant. In such a quiet environment, everyone could faintly hear the strange cries of the tuna birds not far away. The scattered cawing sounds indicated that there was at least a large group of tuna birds resting nearby.
On the other side of the Bloody Pass, they could faintly hear the howls of wolves …
Although Luo Zheng had never seen what the Azure Wolf looked like, Luo Zheng reckoned that it was not weaker than the Tuna Bird. No matter which tribe was alerted, they would not be able to bear the consequences!
Everyone held their breaths and carefully moved forward in the darkness. The thumping of their hearts could almost be heard.
Fortunately, the Bloodmouth Pass was not big. The two short mountain peaks formed a natural barrier. As long as they entered, they would be safe.
This careful stealth lasted for the time it took for an incense stick to burn, and they were about to enter the pass. They were less than three hundred feet away from the pass.
"This time, we passed safely." Zhao Fenqin heaved a sigh of relief.
Everyone's expressions immediately relaxed.
At this moment, a light suddenly bloomed from the corner of everyone's eyes.
A faint light flickered not far away.
Luo Zheng's gaze followed the light and saw a stalk of grass.
The grass was the size of a palm, with three leaves extending in three different directions. At the top of the straight and tall roots, there was only a furry stamen blooming with a faint orange light!
"Moon Shadow Begonia!"
When everyone saw the stalk of grass, their expressions changed greatly, especially the four peak war reverends of the Night Clan. Their faces revealed greedy expressions, as if they could not control themselves and walked towards that direction.
The Moon Shadow Begonia was a kind of strange flower and grass produced in the Mysterious Nether Cave. It was said that the Moon Shadow Begonia could expand the dantian, which was very useful for warriors trying to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. So far, only three Moon Shadow Begonia had been born in the Mysterious Nether Cave. The Battle-Saints who had taken these three Moon Shadow Begonia had already stepped into the Divine Sea Realm!
And now, the strongest warrior of the Deep Sea Continent, Liu Yu, had taken one of the three Moon Shadow Begonia!
The fact that Liu Yu could become the most powerful warrior in the Spirit Sea Realm might not be due to the effect of the Moon Shadow Begonia. However, it was a fact that the Moon Shadow Begonia could greatly increase a warrior's ability. After the Dantian expanded, the total amount of Genuine Essence would increase as well. It would be easier to perform certain skills.
Ling Yan looked at the Moon Shadow Begonia and waved her hand at the four peak war reverends of the Night Clan, making a gesture of prohibition!
The Moon Shadow Begonia grew in the territory of the Azure Wolf. Although the Night Clan's concealment skill was very powerful, it was still very risky to go up and pick it!
But at this time, Ling Yan could not speak at all, nor could she use true essence to transmit her voice. This place was very close to the Tuna Bird and the Azure Wolf. The slightest fluctuation of true essence would alarm them.
Ling Yan stared coldly at the peak war reverends of the Night Clan. Unfortunately, they did not listen!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were sweating profusely. Not to mention this damned Moon Shadow Begonia, if they startled those monsters, the ten of them would undoubtedly die.
"Xun," Luo Zheng glanced at Xun next to him.
Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit body. Like Luo Zheng, she didn't need to circulate her true essence to resist the weakened Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. Moreover, her greatest advantage was that she could fly!
Her Sword Spirit Body originally belonged to Luo Zheng, so when she flew, she would not use true essence at all. Naturally, there would not be any fluctuations of true essence.
Xun immediately understood from Luo Zheng's eyes. Her figure was like a soul without legs, floating towards the Moon Shadow Begonia.
Although Xun's actions might alert the group of demons, Luo Zheng also believed that the Night Clan might be alerted. Since the Night Clan was determined to obtain the Moonshadow Begonia, then why not let him pluck it?!
The four peak war reverends of the Night Clan were still slowly sneaking over. Xun directly flew over, so her speed was much faster. Almost in the blink of an eye, she was close to the Moon Shadow Begonia.
When the four people of the Night Clan saw that Xun wanted to pick the Moon Shadow Begonia, their faces turned cold. How could they not know the danger? It was just that the effect of this strange flower was worth risking their lives for. However, after carefully searching for half a day, before they could even get close to the Moon Shadow Begonia, someone else had already taken it. How could they not be angry?
How could Xun care about their expressions? She gently flicked her spear, and the tip of the spear accurately pointed at the Moon Shadow Begonia. Then, with a gentle shake, the Moon Shadow Begonia's stem was cut off by the tip of the spear. Only then did the Moon Shadow Begonia obediently lie on the tip of the spear.
Xun looked indifferently at the Night Clan and sneered. She turned her head and flew towards Luo Zheng.
The four people of the Night Clan could not take it anymore. One of them lowered his voice and said, "Give it back to us!"
"You bunch of pigs, what right do you have to take it?" Xun also lowered her voice and retorted.
"Otherwise, we'll lure those azure wolves over!" A peak war reverend of the Night Clan gritted his teeth and said.
"If you dare, then go and lure them over." As the king of the Night Clan, when has Xun ever been afraid of other people's threats? She did not seem to care about the words of the peak war reverend.
However, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin's expressions were very ugly. They should not have let the Night Clan follow them. They were so obedient just now, but now they were in trouble.
A Night Clan member stared at the tip of Xun's spear. The Moon Shadow Begonia was still emitting a faint glow. That person's figure suddenly shot out, but he did not dare to face the dangers on both sides of the pass and rushed towards Xun.
"Catch." Xun shook the spear and threw the Moon Shadow Begonia she picked to Luo Zheng. Then, the spear turned around in Xun's hand. She did not even look back as the tip of the spear stabbed towards the blurry figure behind her!
The figure of the peak war reverend of the Night Clan was also extremely mysterious. Even if Luo Zheng faced him, he would not have the confidence to break through it in a short period of time. However, Xun's spear was extremely accurate. Just like that, with a casual spear, accompanied by an invisible wave, it hit the chest of the peak war reverend of the Night Clan!
After the peak war reverend of the Night Clan was hit, his face was filled with disbelief. He did not believe that he could not even dodge this spear!
As the peak war reverend fell, he also let out a miserable cry …
Hearing this voice, everyone's hearts trembled!
＝＝＝＝＝