Everyone was careful in order to safely pass through the Bloodmouth Pass.
It was not the first time Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan had come here. The two types of demons that lived on both sides of the Bloodmouth Pass did not interfere with each other, and under normal circumstances, they would not cross the border. Although it looked dangerous, as long as one was careful, it was still relatively safe, at least much safer than those fierce places.
In the past, they had passed through safely many times, because no one would be stupid enough to alarm those demons.
However, they did not expect that the Night Clan would disturb them this time.
"This bunch of stupid pigs, if we can return to the Sin Tower, we will definitely expel the entire Night Clan!" Ling Yan gritted her teeth and said, "Charge!"
After losing the protection of the Demon Clan, the situation of the Night Clan in the Sin Tower was already precarious, and Luo Zheng had even chased away the Demon Clan, so expelling the Night Clan was just a piece of cake. Previously, they were just worried, after all, if they expelled too many races, they would have to be wary of the alliance between the Sacred Lands and the Twin Devil Sacred Lands. A Twin Devil Sacred Lands was enough to suppress the Heavenly Feather Sacred Lands, but if the other races joined hands, the situation would be more passive.
No one had the time to think too much about it. Everyone turned into a thin line and shot towards the Bloodmouth Pass.
Only the Peak war elder of the Night Clan who was killed by Xun's spear was left behind, trembling on the ground. His eyes were filled with confusion, why did that woman dare to make a move …
These Peak war elders of the Night Clan did not have any good intentions. They followed Luo Zheng and naturally sent a message to Meng Chong. Whether or not the Demon Clan could make a comeback, it would have a huge impact on their Night Clan. As long as the Demon Clan could return to the Sin Tower, their Night Clan would still be able to get a share of the pie!
Other than this goal, if they could obtain benefits from the Profound Nether Cave, they would naturally not give up. Seeing the Moon Shadow Begonia, they understood that this was an extremely good opportunity, and they did not want to believe that these guys would dare to make a move here!
He did not expect that the woman with the spear did not even consider the seriousness of the matter and directly killed him. If it was a normal situation, he might not be so weak. After all, he was a Peak war elder, and his Night Clan's movement technique was unfathomable, how could he be so easily pierced by a spear?
It was just that he never thought that Xun would make a move, and that she would directly kill him …
As he screamed, a wolf howl came from not far away.
"Awoo …"
In the forest, there were constantly young shadows swaying. Large groups of demons were rushing over, and the forest was constantly swaying.
At the same time, from the other side of the Bloody Mouth Pass, a series of strange squawks rang out. Clearly, the action just now had alarmed the tuna birds on the other side.
Soon, a huge cloud was formed in the sky. While fleeing, Luo Zheng glanced back and was secretly shocked. There were at least four or five thousand strange birds piled up together …
"Go!"
"Swish swish swish swish …"
More than ten streams of light shot towards the cave at high speed.
The remaining three Peak war elder s of the Night Clan also followed behind Ling Yan. Ling Yan's expression darkened, and she shouted: "Scram!"
A strange light flashed from Ling Yan's hand, and bright flowers bloomed one after another. Those petals floated towards the Peak war elder of the Night Clan.
If these petals were to stick to his body, it would be fatal.
However, no matter how powerful Ling Yan was, it was impossible for her to kill three Peak war elder at the same time. After all, Ling Yan was only a Peak war elder, not to mention that she had casually sent out those petals. Her goal was to leave the Peak war elder of the Night Clan behind!
At this time, running was different. He had to be the fastest, as long as he was faster than others!
If they had known earlier that this group of people would not care about their lives, they would not have gone to retrieve the Moon Shadow Begonia. Although their figures and speed were top-notch, facing the petals that filled the sky, they could only continuously dodge, greatly slowing down their movement speed.
In a few dozen breaths of time, everyone had already rushed through the Bloody Mouth Pass, but the few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan were slowed down by Ling Yan's attacks, and at this time, the tuna birds and azure wolves were getting closer and closer to the few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan!
Ling Yan's expression was cold, she hoped that these few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan could use their lives to resist for a while. Even if these fellows were lucky enough to not die, Ling Yan would personally take their lives.
These few Peak war elder s of the Night Clan were not nameless people. They clearly knew that there was a tide of chaos in the Profound Nether Cave, yet they still dared to stay. The Night Clan did the same thing as the Demon Night Clan and the Human Clan. After discovering that the tide of chaos had erupted, they had sent their clansmen back to the Tower of Sin.
The remaining four people were the seat holders of the Night Clan, and they were the four people at the front.
After being caught off guard and assassinating one of them, the remaining three could only fight to the death.
However, the Night Clan did have their own methods. The strange birds in the sky were like a torrential rain, enveloping the three of them, and the Azure Wolf not far away also surged over like a tide. The true essence on the three of them flickered, and suddenly turned into black mist, slowly drifting about.
"Concealment Technique …"
After the Night Clan turned into a bit of smoke, the Azure Wolf and the Tuna Bird really couldn't do anything. However, how sharp was the sense of smell of these demons? They were very clear that the three of them were hiding in the clouds of smoke, so the group of demons followed the smoke and moved bit by bit …
The three Peak war elder s who had turned into smoke moved very slowly, and could only float a little. However, this was also a helpless action, if not, they would have already died.
"Hmph, as far as I know, these concealment techniques consume a lot of true essence. They won't be able to hold on for long and will still die. They only have themselves to blame!" Ling Yan said hatefully.
"The ones in trouble are us …" Zhao Fenqin shook his head and said in annoyance.
A considerable portion of the Azure Wolf and Tuna Bird saw that they were unable to do anything to the three people of the Night Clan for a while, and now pounced towards them once again.
Everyone did not dare to slow down in the slightest. At this time, they ran as fast as they could.
"Damn it, why aren't these wolves and birds fighting each other!" Zhou Zhuohe said gloomily.
Generally speaking, there were conflicts between demons, but it was unknown how these two types of demons could coexist peacefully.
After rushing through the bloody pass, two forks appeared in front of them. Normally, the vast majority of people would choose the left path, but when they arrived at the forks, they saw two fiery red snakes coiled in the corner of the left path.
The two fiery red snakes were entangled together, winding and coiling, constantly twisting. The two snakes were one male and one female, and were currently reproducing.
Luo Zheng saw the two snakes that looked like they were made of flames, but he did not feel anything. After entering the Dark Nether Cave, the thing that made Luo Zheng feel danger was the big toad. These two snakes did not look big, and could not even be called pythons. They could only be considered ordinary snakes.
However, when Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin saw the two snakes, their expressions immediately changed!
"Crap!"
"What should we do?"
The two of them cried out at the same time.
"What should we do?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Purgatory Fire Snake …"
"Why did one of the most powerful demons in the inner layer come here!"
"The seventeen Peak war elder s of the Giant Clan were killed in an instant by these two little snakes. Only one of them used a secret technique to escape with his soul!"
Although the Dark Nether Cave would be very chaotic when the chaotic tide erupted, generally speaking, the demons in the inner layer would rarely run to the outer layer.
Although the Mysterious Underworld Cave looked chaotic, there were still some unseen rules. For example, the distance between the inner layer and the outer layer was not far, but the monsters in the inner layer would not take a single step into the outer layer!
No one knew why these demons had to follow this rule, but it was precisely because of the existence of this rule that many peak war elders dared to enter the Dark Nether Cave, and even brought some generals into the Dark Nether Cave to train.
The demons in the inner layer were completely different from the demons in the outer layer, and their strength was also countless times stronger. Moreover, these two little fiery snakes were the strongest demons in the inner layer, so how could they dare to rush in?
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's expression also became serious. He did not expect that these two little snakes, which did not look strong, actually had such a background …
"Isn't there another way?" Luo Zheng looked at the fork in the road, but there was another road on the right.
"No!"
Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin said in unison.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked again.