The eruption of the chaotic tide was an opportunity for Ling Yan. However, the route that Ling Yan planned was still around the outer area of the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
She wanted to explore a few places that might have opportunities. Those places were originally inaccessible, but because of the chaotic tide, a path was opened.
Zhao Fenqin also had the same idea.
Even when there was no chaotic tide, one had to be fully prepared to enter the inner area. At the same time, one had to be prepared to die because the survival rate was too low!
Now that the chaotic tide had arrived, the danger level had increased exponentially. No one dared to enter the inner area!
"Then enter the inner area." Luo Zheng winked and said to Yan Jing.
"Entering now is courting death!" Zhao Fenqin replied.
Luo Zheng looked behind him at the black mass of demons and then looked at the two Purgatory Fire Snakes that were entangled not far away. He shrugged his shoulders, "Staying here is also courting death."
Everyone's expression was very complicated. Only the two freaks, Yun Luo and Yun Luo, remained calm no matter what happened.
What Luo Zheng said wasn't wrong. The Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves that blotted out the sky and covered the earth behind them were absolutely capable of tearing them to pieces. And those two Purgatory Fire Snakes … Although they didn't seem to be that powerful, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin were even more clear that it was absolutely impossible for them to pass through these two little snakes unscathed.
In other words, they had no choice.
Ling Yan was conflicted for two breaths of time, then said sternly, "Let's enter the inner area!"
The peak war reverends present had also grown up from killing. At the crucial moment, they were very decisive. Moreover, the choice in front of them was not difficult. They could only take one step at a time. If they delayed any longer, they would not be able to leave even if they wanted to!
As soon as Ling Yan's voice fell, everyone chose the right path and rushed over!
The Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves behind them were getting closer and closer to them.
"Speed up!"
Now, everyone did not care about anything and rushed towards the inner area.
"They're catching up!"
Someone exclaimed. The thousands of Tuna Birds in the sky had already begun to dive down!
"Ahhh!"
Caught off guard, one of the Demon Night Clan's War Sovereigns was swallowed up by the Tuna Birds. His screams instantly stopped.
Seeing this scene, everyone's hair stood on end, and their sprinting speed increased a bit.
"This won't do. I don't think we can make it into the inner area," Zhou Zhuohe grumbled.
"It's right in front of us. Let's charge in in one go!" Ling Yan said without any distractions. Her eyes were burning as she stared straight ahead.
In front of everyone, there was a clear dividing line. The scenery outside the dividing line could still be distinguished, but inside the line, it was gray, as if there was only gray in that world.
After the Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves tore apart a peak war elder of the Demon Night Clan, they once again swept towards the crowd. The closest group of Tuna Birds was only two to three meters away from them, and they once again swooped down towards them!
"Soon!"
"We'll be safe for now if we rush in!"
"Good luck!"
Everyone encouraged each other.
As the black mass of Tuna Birds swooped down, they had already covered everyone. Some of the Tuna Birds had already opened their mouths and were swallowing Luo Zheng and the others.
As long as they were caught by these strange birds, they would definitely die without a burial place!
"Die for me!"
As Luo Zheng sprinted forward, his body spun, and the black fire between his eyebrows was released once again!
Luo Zheng had not used the black fire for a long time. After all, he had not encountered any overly dangerous situations before. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he did not want to use the black fire in front of everyone.
The wisp of black fire circled around Luo Zheng, and then shot up into the sky.
"Swoosh swoosh …"
The wisp of black fire flickered lightly, and instantly pierced through dozens of Tuna Birds. The flames exploded one after another, accompanied by the Tuna Birds' miserable cries.
In the blink of an eye, at least fifty Tuna Birds had been killed!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe had already seen the power of Luo Zheng's black fire. Even the tongue of the Giant Python Toad could not withstand the burning of Luo Zheng's black fire, let alone these Tuna Birds.
On the contrary, the other peak war reverends and Ling Yan of the Demon Night Clan revealed a horrified expression. What was Luo Zheng's black fire? Wasn't it a little too sharp?
Although the Tuna Birds were afraid of fire, if it was an ordinary flame, it might not be able to burn these strange birds for an hour. However, Luo Zheng's black fire seemed to be unhindered. As long as the Tuna Birds touched the black fire, they would be instantly burned to ashes!
It was because of Luo Zheng's action that he had successfully created a space for everyone.
However, this space was not big, and the intelligence of these monsters was not too high. Even if their companions were killed like this, they still rushed forward and filled up the space in an instant.
However, at this time, everyone had already rushed into the clear line!
"Ga ga ga ga …"
The Tuna Birds were like a tide as they surged over. However, when they approached the clear line, it was as if they had hit a dam and were pushed back. These Tuna Birds did not dare to enter the inner area!
Just like the Tuna Birds, the Azure Wolves rushed to the side of the line and stopped. The eyes of the wolves flashed with a dangerous light as they stared at the crowd. Some of the Azure Wolves were still whimpering. It was a pity that Luo Zheng and the others had escaped!
Luo Zheng stood in the grey area and looked back at the monsters as he panted. Not only Luo Zheng, even Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin and the other peak war reverends' chests were also heaving up and down.
Everyone rested for a while, but the Azure Wolves and Tuna Birds were still blocking the way, showing no signs of leaving.
"Let's wait here. I don't believe that these monsters will stay here forever!" Zhou Zhuohe sat down.
However, he had a good plan. These monsters would eventually lose their patience. After these monsters left, they would leave the inner area.
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan also agreed with this method. Staying here was safer than entering the inner area!
However, just as Luo Zheng stepped into the inner area, he suddenly felt the Sumeru Ring on his chest start to heat up!
Luo Zheng sent a strand of consciousness into the Sumeru Ring. Just as he poured his consciousness into it, he was shocked. In the Sumeru Space of the ring, a small butterfly was constantly circling, and that butterfly seemed to be on fire, constantly emitting intense flames!
"What's going on?"
Of course, Luo Zheng recognized it. This was the jade butterfly that Immortal Tian Miao had passed down to Luo Zheng. According to Immortal Tian Miao, with this token, he could obtain the incomparably important inheritance in the Profound Nether Cave.
He had been in the Profound Nether Cave for so long and this token had been peacefully lying there without the slightest reaction.
But now, as soon as he entered the inner area, this jade butterfly's entire body began to emit flames. It seemed that … Immortal Tian Miao's token should be in the inner area!
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan planned to stay here and wait for the monsters to leave. Then, they would return. It seemed that they didn't plan on exploring the inner area.
In truth, Luo Zheng agreed with their judgment. After all, the most important thing for a martial artist was their life. If they lost their life, they would lose everything.
But now, the token in Luo Zheng's ring had reacted. He had no choice but to reconsider. It seemed that this time he would have to enter the inner area to explore!
In truth, Luo Zheng could have waited until next year to enter the Tower of Sin. A year was enough time for Luo Zheng to become a peak war saint. At that time, the 'Stellar Battle Body' would be able to reach large success. By relying on the might of his transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng could even contend with a battle saint powerhouse.
If he entered the Profound Nether Cave again, his chances would be much higher …
However, Luo Zheng understood that he didn't have that much time left.
He looked at Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin and shook his head. "You two stay here. I will continue to explore the inner area."
Xun raised his spear and followed behind Luo Zheng. Yun Luo also silently followed.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan's complexions immediately became ugly. The two of them almost simultaneously blocked Luo Zheng's path. Zhao Fenqin resolutely said, "Luo Zheng, no matter what, I will not allow you to continue in!"