Even if the Chaotic Tide did not erupt, Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan would do their best to stop him.
What's more, under the Chaotic Tide's eruption, everything in the inner layer had changed. Rashly entering was definitely a dead end.
Seeing Zhao Fenqin blocking in front of him, Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. Zhao Fenqin was not him, he did not understand what he was thinking. Moreover, Luo Zheng did not intend to tell his secret to others.
"Get out of the way, I have something very important to do," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Zhou Zhuohe also blocked Luo Zheng's path. "Luo Zheng, you are too important to our Purple Heart Holy Land. We cannot let you continue forward and throw away your life!"
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. "But I have something more important to do. Could it be that just because I am important to your Purple Heart Holy Land, I have to give up on myself? "
"This … How can this be called giving up?" Zhou Zhuohe asked, puzzled.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't need you to follow me, I can go by myself!"
Xun also looked indifferently at Ling Yan who was kneeling on the ground, lowered his head and asked, "What do you want to do?"
"My king, the inner layer is not something you can enter now. It's better to stay here and wait for the demons to retreat before leaving," Ling Yan said with her head lowered.
In Ling Yan's heart, the king was a supreme existence. It was reasonable to say that Ling Yan did not have the right to worry about Xun's safety. However, Ling Yan also understood that the Demon Night Clan had changed in the upper realm. Xun's statue was already dim. In other words, the Sword Spirit in front of them was Xun's last Divine Clone!
Once Luo Zheng died, this Divine Clone would also disappear, and the final result would be the fall of the king!
This was something that Ling Yan did not want to see.
"It's not up to you to decide my matters." Xun once again regained her aloof expression and coldly said to Ling Yan.
Ling Yan clenched her teeth. She was very clear that she did not have the qualifications to persuade or preach to Xun. Not to mention Ling Yan, even Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land did not have the qualifications!
"Since that's the case, I'd better follow by my king's side!" Ling Yan resolutely said.
At the same time, the few peak war reverends beside Ling Yan also knelt down. Their faces were filled with determination.
They knew very well that entering the inner layer at this time would not bode well for them, but they still chose to follow.
When Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe saw the Night Demon Clan's actions, their expressions became even more gloomy. If these Night Demon Clan members followed Luo Zheng, then they would be the only ones left. In the end, Zhao Fenqin held his head and said, "Alright, I think we still need to go to the inner layer!"
Sometimes, he was indeed forced by circumstances!
Moreover, the demonic creatures in the outer layer had no intention of leaving at all. If these demonic creatures refused to leave, then it wouldn't be a good idea for them to continue wasting their time here. In the end, they still headed towards the inner layer!
Not long after Luo Zheng and the others left,
Near the Xuekoukou Pass, three streaks of light shot in the opposite direction!
The three members of the Night Demon Clan were indeed quite unique. The three of them turned into smoke and slowly moved towards the outside of the Xuekoukou Pass.
Maintaining this kind of concealment technique consumed a lot of true essence. However, when they only had 30% of their true essence left, the three of them would suddenly appear under the beaks of the Tuna Birds and the sharp claws of the Azure Wolves. Then, they would quickly dash for a distance and take out true essence stones to replenish their true essence!
After replenishing their true essence, they would turn into smoke again and do the same thing over and over again!
Regrettably, although they managed to keep their lives for the time being, those demonic creatures were still following them like ghosts. Their crisis was still not over yet.
Moving like this was extremely inefficient. They couldn't maintain this state and repeatedly move back to the Sin Tower. Even if they wanted to, there wasn't enough time, and they didn't have enough true essence stones!
They had a lot of top grade true essence stones in their hands, but they weren't infinite. Every time they used one, there would be one less. In such a short period of time, each of them had consumed half of their true essence stones. If this continued, it wouldn't be long before they were swallowed up by these demonic creatures.
"What should we do, big brother?"
"You're asking me, but how would I know?"
"Who's going to lead these damned demonic creatures away?"
In the smoke, the three of them were constantly communicating with each other using true essence sound transmissions.
Just as the three of them were in a state of panic, two rays of light, one black and one red, suddenly appeared on their path. It was two figures that were like small mountains rapidly approaching.
The three of them were stunned. Then, a peak war elder of the Night Clan said, "I, I think we're saved!"
"It's Meng Chong! They're here! "Another person shouted.
"Haven't the Demon Race been expelled from the Sin Tower? They can really enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave! "
The Demon Race didn't share the secret of the Sin Tower with the Night Clan. They couldn't share such an important secret with other races, even if the Night Clan was their vassal.
However, in order to achieve their goal, the Demon Race only left an order for Xue Luo Tian. Once he discovered Luo Zheng's secret in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, he was to immediately report it to Meng Chong!
For this reason, Xue Luo Tian was puzzled for a long time. He originally thought that the Demon Race would give him an order to assassinate Luo Zheng. He didn't expect to receive such an order. Report to Meng Chong? What's the use of reporting to Meng Chong? Could it be that Meng Chong could enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave?
Or was Meng Chong originally in the Mysterious Underworld Cave?
Xue Luo Tian couldn't figure it out. However, he had no choice but to follow the Demon Race's order. Although the Demon Race couldn't enter the Sin Tower, his Night Clan's Eternal Night Holy Land was still a vassal of the Twin Demon Holy Land!
He didn't expect that not long after he quietly used the sound transmission talisman, Meng Chong and Tian Hu really rushed over!
"Meng Chong, Meng Chong's cultivation seems to be … a war saint!"
"Heavens, the Demon Race must have other secrets of the Sin Tower. Originally, there was Tian Qiong and Tian Hui, two war saints. Now, Meng Chong has also advanced to war saint!"
At this moment, the three peak war elders of the Night Clan seemed to see hope. Obviously, the higher Meng Chong's cultivation, the more advantageous it would be for them.
However …
Although the Azure Wolves and Tuna Birds had retreated, there were still quite a number of demons surrounding the three of them. Meng Chong had broken through to become a Battle-Saint, but even a Battle-Saint would not be able to handle so many demons, right?
Although they were worried, they wouldn't let go of their hope now.
"Meng Chong! Lord Meng Chong! "
Meng Chong was originally a seat controller like these peak war elders of the Night Clan, but now that Meng Chong was a war saint, the three of them naturally had to be respectful!
The true essence sound transmission of the peak war elder of the Night Clan rang in Meng Chong's ears. Meng Chong looked forward and saw a dense crowd of demons surrounding the three clouds of smoke. The three clouds of smoke slowly moved and the demons followed closely behind …
"It's Xue Luo Tian," Tian Hu said indifferently, "Should we go save them?"
Meng Chong looked at the dense crowd of demons and frowned.
Meng Chong, who had broken through to the Battle-Saint Realm, had a huge advantage here. Even so, he was still very cautious. In the Dark Nether Cave, even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty would have to be careful. One wrong step and they would die! Moreover, Meng Chong was only a first level war saint!
So many demons were quite troublesome for Meng Chong.
"Where is Luo Zheng?" Meng Chong stopped and asked with true essence sound transmission.
Xue Luo Tian was looking at Meng Chong. When he saw Meng Chong suddenly stop, he naturally understood that Meng Chong didn't intend to save the three of them. Xue Luo Tian immediately said with true essence sound transmission, "They rushed over! But I left a mark on them, we can track them! "
Xue Luo Tian certainly wouldn't tell Meng Chong where Luo Zheng was. If so, how could he count on Meng Chong to save him?
"This old fox, he doesn't want to say!" Tian Hu sneered.
Meng Chong shook his head, "It's human nature. Xue Luo Tian treats us as lifesavers, how could he let us go? These three must be saved. Take out the Imperial Fire Scale that the Flame Demon Holy Land gave us. "
Tian Hu nodded and then took out a small golden scale. The Demon Clan had controlled the Tower of Sin for the longest time, so they knew more about the Mysterious Underworld Cave than the other clans.
＝＝＝＝＝