Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves were the most common demonic beasts in the Xuanming Cave. Other than these two, there were also demonic beasts like the Blackthorn Rats, which were considered the lowest level of demonic beasts in the Xuanming Cave.
In the beginning, the Demon Clan dominated the entire Tower of Sin. Although other clans could reach the top of the tower, they were not allowed to enter the Xuanming Cave!
At that time, the Demon Clan obtained all kinds of opportunities in the Xuanming Cave and was able to stand out among the other clans in the Sea God Continent!
If not for Liu Yu's amazing talent, no one in the Sea God Continent would be able to fight against the Demon Clan.
However, the Demon Clan had paid a heavy price to develop the Xuanming Cave. At the same time, they had researched many methods, such as the Imperial Flame Balance, which was specially used to deal with Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves.
This Fire Controlling Scale was only a mid-grade holy artifact, so it wasn't particularly powerful when used to defend against enemies. However, the devilish race had discovered that the tuna birds and azure wolves were extremely fearful of fire, so they had asked a tool refinement master to forge this treasure for them.
Tianhu held the Flaming Balance in his hand, and then he poured a wisp of Stellar Energy into it from one end of the balance. As soon as the Stellar Energy was poured in, a ball of light blue flames sprayed out from the other end of the balance, and it instantly enveloped half the sky!
"Ga ga ga …"
"Awoo …"
When the Azure Wolves and Tuna Birds on the ground saw the light blue flame, they still let out uneasy cries!
"Charge!"
Under Meng Chong's order, Tianhu turned into a stream of light and rushed toward the large group of demonic beasts.
The light blue flame followed Tianhu and spread forward rapidly.
"Ga ga ga!"
Under the threat of these flames, the Tuna Birds seemed to have seen their nemesis. In a state of chaos, they began to scatter in all directions. At the same time, the Azure Wolves that had surrounded the three members of the Night Clan quickly retreated with low whimpers!
Using the Imperial Fire Balance, he was able to easily disperse these demonic creatures!
Looking at the three balls of smoke, Tianhu grinned and said, "Come out, Xue Luotian!"
As the smoke gradually dissipated, the figures of Xue Luotian and the other two peak War Reverends slowly appeared …
"Tianhu, thank you …"
As soon as Xue Luotian finished speaking, Tianhu's huge fist smashed into his face.
The Night Clan wasn't good at fighting head-on. Even though Xue Luotian's ranking was slightly higher than Sky Tiger's, he still couldn't dodge Sky Tiger's punch. Xue Luotian was sent flying backwards like a kite with a broken string.
By the time Xue Luotian got up, his face was already covered in blood.
"You are very smart." Tianhu sneered.
Xue Luotian got up from the ground, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and said, "There's no other way. Sometimes, this is the only way to survive."
Tianhu and Meng Chong didn't like being used by others, but they had to save Xue Luotian because only Xue Luotian knew where Luo Zheng was.
Meng Chong slowly flew over and coldly glanced at Xue Luotian. "Luo Zheng, where are you now?"
If Xue Luotian could not answer, Meng Chong would probably kill the three War Reverends on the spot.
However, Xue Luotian had indeed planted a secret tracking technique unique to the Night Clan on Luo Zheng's body. This tracking technique could avoid sharp senses and did not cause any fluctuations when planted.
Xue Luotian nodded. "Luo Zheng, they have entered the inner area."
"Inner area?" Meng Chong frowned.
After the arrival of the Chaotic Tide, even as a War Sage, Meng Chong was unwilling to enter the inner area.
However, Meng Chong was clear about his mission!
The Demon Clan in the Sin Tower had suffered a crushing defeat. He was the only hope for the Demon Clan to turn the tables!
Even if Luo Zheng really entered the core area, as long as Luo Zheng didn't die, he would follow him in without hesitation.
"In that case, take me there," Meng Chong said indifferently.
"But, but …" Xue Luotian wanted to refuse. They were indeed scared out of their wits after being surrounded by so many Demons. They wished they could grow a pair of wings and leave the Xuanming Cave as soon as possible. How could they be willing to enter the inner area?
However, Meng Chong's fist-sized eyes glared fiercely at Xue Luotian. Meng Chong's aura was frightening. Xue Luotian had no doubt that if he dared to refuse, Meng Chong would kill him without hesitation!
He would die either way. It was better than dying here.
Xue Luotian nodded "obediently" and said, "Then, then I'll lead the way!"
"Okay." Meng Chong retracted his aura.
Tianhu held the Imperial Fire Balance in one hand and led the three Night Clan members and Meng Chong towards the Bloody Mouth Pass!
The way Meng Chong and the others passed through was more barbaric. They braved the raging flames and charged straight through. The Tuna Bird and the Azure Wolf were hidden on both sides of the Bloody Mouth Pass. Not a single demon dared to charge at them …
Luo Zheng did not know that he had become the prey.
Now, he was leading the group to explore the inner layer.
Luo Zheng's exploration did not require a map. Moreover, the maps in Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan's hands had lost their usefulness.
Originally, the map of the inner area was rather rough, and many races knew too little about the inner area. Although there had been many Peak war elder s who had entered the inner area of the Profound Nether Cave since ancient times, most of them had died miserably inside. Perhaps they had discovered some extremely dangerous places in the inner area, or even some opportunities, but they did not have the life to return alive, nor did they have the chance to mark out these places.
At this time, the only thing Luo Zheng used to determine the direction was the jade butterfly in his ring.
After exploring for a while, Luo Zheng understood. When he went in the right direction, the jade butterfly burned fiercely in the Sumeru Space. If he went in the opposite direction, the burning would calm down.
Luo Zheng used this to determine whether his path was correct or not!
It was strange. After exploring the inner layer for so long, they did not encounter any danger.
However, this still could not dispel everyone's nervousness. Instead, it made them even more vigilant because danger was often hidden in this calm.
"This silence is too strange!" Zhou Zhuohe said with a face full of vigilance.
Ling Yan also nodded. She also saw that something was wrong.
It was not that Ling Yan had not entered the inner layer before. Three years ago, she had entered once. Although there were not many low level demons in the inner layer, there were many extremely powerful demons hidden everywhere. Three years ago, Ling Yan had almost died inside. She had a very deep impression of the inner layer.
And now, with the eruption of the chaotic tide, the demon activity in the inner layer should be even more frequent!
But today, the surroundings were quiet. It was so quiet that it was frightening.
"This gloomy feeling is really unpleasant." Zhao Fenqin clenched his teeth and resisted the urge to roar. Although he knew that making too much noise in the inner layer was seeking death, this kind of silence was very stifling!
Just as everyone followed Luo Zheng forward, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. His ears slightly tilted, and he asked, "Does anyone hear something?"
"What sound?" A peak war reverend from the Yao Ye Clan asked.
"Crying, a woman's crying," Luo Zheng said calmly.
"No!" Zhao Fenqin felt his hair stand on end. "Luo Zheng, don't be so suspicious!"
Zhou Zhuohe also shook his head, "Luo Zheng, don't scare people. Damn it, I'd rather meet those demons and fight with them. It's better than wandering back and forth in this gloomy place!"
However, Yun Luo nodded and blinked her white eyes, saying, "I heard it."
"Re-really?" Zhao Fenqin was tongue-tied.
Ling Yan's expression became more and more serious. True energy bloomed from her slender fingers and poured into her ears. Then, Ling Yan's expression suddenly changed, "I heard it too!"
"What is it …" Zhao Fenqin asked.
"I'm not sure." Although Ling Yan had entered the inner layer, she had never heard of this kind of thing.
"No matter what it is, we shouldn't stay here for long. Let's go!" Zhou Zhuohe said with a trembling voice.