Hearing that voice, a chill ran down everyone's spine.
All the warriors couldn't help but want to turn around. They didn't want to leave their backs to the enemy. This was the first reaction of almost all the warriors!
But just as everyone was about to turn around, Yun Luo looked straight ahead and said coldly, "Don't turn around! Those who turn around will die! "
Hearing Yun Luo's reminder, Luo Zheng abruptly turned his face back to her.
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe and the others didn't turn around, but a peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan turned his head too quickly and saw something behind everyone!
Although no one could turn around, they could see the expression of the peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan!
The peak war reverend's eyes were wide open, as if he had seen something unbelievable. The expression on his face was extremely shocked. The peak war reverend seemed to want to scream, but when he opened his mouth, he couldn't. He could only make a futile gurgling sound in his throat …
Those who could become peak war reverends were all creatures who had experienced life and death calamities and grew up step by step. What kind of things had these creatures not seen before? They had seen piles of corpses and countless creatures had died at their hands. It could be said that they had walked step by step through mountains of corpses and seas of blood!
But this peak war reverend seemed to have gone crazy in an instant!
His mouth made that terrifying gurgling sound, and soon, a strange smile appeared on his face. The gaze in his eyes had already begun to slacken, and he had lost the spirituality he should have had.
"Crack …"
A crack strangely appeared on the peak war reverend's forehead. The crack continued to extend downwards. Soon, his entire face and body were covered in cracks, as if he was a glass tile that had been shattered.
Following which, his entire body collapsed with a loud bang. However, his clothes were still neat and tidy, and were not damaged at all.
Seeing this scene, Zhao Fenqin was about to collapse. "What the hell is behind us!"
Luo Zheng frowned deeply, and his eyes were filled with caution. Even though Luo Zheng's mind was stable, he was still facing a strong pressure!
"I'm not sure. Yun Luo, what should we do now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Don't turn around. No matter what happens, don't turn around!" Yun Luo seemed to be immersed in a strange state as she muttered to Luo Zheng.
Now, even without Yun Luo's reminder, no one dared to turn around. The peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan was not weak, and he was even stronger than Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe. After turning around, he had died so miserably..
. Xun, she looked forward and frowned, as if she was thinking about something.
She was not afraid of any malicious ghosts. With the level that Xun had reached, she was even qualified to go to the Underworld's Yellow Springs River. Evil beings were not invincible in her eyes. She was only thinking about what was behind them and how to deal with them.
.......
At first, the cries seemed to come from far away, but as time passed, the cries grew closer and closer.
. At the same time, Luo Zheng saw a faint light shining from the corner of his eye.
"That, that thing is getting closer and closer," Zhao Fenqin said with a trembling voice. He was a seven foot tall man and a peak war reverend. Even if his stomach was cut open, Zhao Fenqin wouldn't be so afraid. But now, his entire body was trembling.
"What the hell is that thing? Yun Luo, since you know, tell me …" Zhou Zhuohe begged.
Yun Luo was still immersed in a special state. She kept repeating, "Don't turn around, don't turn around!"
Everyone saw that the light was getting closer and closer, and the sorrowful crying was getting louder and louder. It seemed to be about ten feet behind them.
"That's because that thing is already here." Zhao Fenqin gasped for breath. His trembling had already stopped, but the muscles all over his body had stiffened.
Ling Yan's expression was also getting more and more nervous. Her fingertips had already compressed a ball of true essence to the extreme. Although she knew that she couldn't turn around, Ling Yan wouldn't give up so easily. Her martial arts heart was also very stable. Even if she couldn't resist the desperate situation, she would fight to the death!
The light was getting brighter and brighter, and the sound was getting louder and louder.
At this moment, long and slender tentacles slowly extended from behind the crowd and pulled them in.
Those tentacles didn't seem to be real. They were condensed from a kind of pale yellow light. The tentacles were almost weightless. When they touched everyone's faces, necks, and arms, it was like a thin layer of gauze brushing past!
"Ah! I can't take it anymore! I'm going to kill this thing! " Zhao Fenqin roared. His eyes were bloodshot. Under this kind of terrifying suppression, Zhao Fenqin was almost on the verge of collapse. His behavior was already somewhat out of control.
Oh no! If this continued, Zhao Fenqin would die without a doubt! Luo Zheng saw that Zhao Fenqin was about to turn around and fight to the death with the unknown existence behind him!
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly extended a sharp thorn and fiercely stabbed towards Zhao Fenqin on the left!
"Frightening Spirit Thorn!"
How strong was Luo Zheng's soul? Moreover, Zhao Fenqin's mental state was extremely poor. He didn't have any defensive measures. Luo Zheng's Frightening Spirit Thorn hit!
"Ah!"
Zhao Fenqin, who was about to turn around and fight to the death, let out a scream. He held his head and knelt down.
Seeing this scene, Ling Yan's face was full of astonishment. Ling Yan didn't think much of Luo Zheng's soul attack. It was just a very simple soul attack!
However, although it was simple, Ling Yan didn't dare to underestimate it!
Because the soul that used the Frightening Spirit Thorn wasn't simple. Luo Zheng's soul had a faint jade color. That meant that the soul was about to enter the Blue Soul Realm. In other words … Luo Zheng already had the soul of a War Soul Realm!
It was no wonder that Ling Yan was surprised. Among the Peak War Elder, there were still no Martial Warriors whose soul had stepped into the War Soul Realm. Not to mention the Peak War Elder, even the War Saint Stage Rankers only had a small number of souls that had stepped into the War Soul Realm.
However, Luo Zheng was only a ninth rank War General. His soul had already entered the War Soul Realm. Moreover, it was faintly emitting a faint green light. Obviously, it wouldn't take long for him to enter the Blue Soul Realm.
This was really inconceivable …
However, being surprised was one thing. Luo Zheng had already given her too many surprises. Obviously, now wasn't the time to be surprised.
Luo Zheng's "Frightening Spirit Thorn" saved Zhao Fenqin's life. Zhao Fenqin hugged his head and knelt on the ground as he wailed. However, he didn't have the chance to turn his head and look behind him.
At this time, Yun Luo slowly regained her clarity. She bit her lips and said, "That thing is coming. It's going to circle around in front of us."
"What should we do?" Zhou Zhuohe hurriedly said.
"Run," Yun Luo spat out a very simple word.
"Where to?" Ling Yan asked again.
"In front. As long as you don't look back," Yun Luo pursed her lips and said.
"When do we run?" Looking at the tentacles that were constantly surrounding him, Luo Zheng also asked.
"Now, let's go!"
As soon as Yun Luo's voice fell, he suddenly rushed forward.
At the same time, Zhou Zhuohe, Ling Yan, and the other peak war reverends also rushed out. The moment Luo Zheng rushed out, he went straight for Zhao Fenqin. He reached out his hand and grabbed Zhao Fenqin's collar, dragging Zhao Fenqin forward!
The pain of his soul being pierced made Zhao Fenqin unable to think about the current situation. Luo Zheng couldn't just leave him here like this. Fortunately, Luo Zheng was strong. Simply carrying Zhao Fenqin while running wasn't a big burden.
As everyone was running, the sound behind them suddenly became shrill!
"Wu wu wu wu!"
At the same time, everyone could hear that that thing was also following behind them, moving quickly.
At this time, everyone had calmed down a little. It seemed that as long as they didn't look back, they wouldn't die very miserably. However, if they continued like this, it wouldn't be a problem if they couldn't get rid of that "thing". What should they do?
"What do we do now, Yun Luo!" Luo Zheng shouted at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo was ten feet above the ground. She focused on speeding forward. She only spat out one word, "Wait for me to take care of it!"
"How long do we have to wait?" Ling Yan asked.