Following which, Yun Luo stretched out her slender and white fingers. Her ten fingers danced in the air, and little bits of true essence were pulled out by her, forming runes one after another!
"Those are Divine Runes!" Looking at the seals in Yun Luo's hand, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He recognized them. They were very similar to the Divine Runes that Qinglong had taught him.
"Divine Runes are not unique to the Zhenlong Realm. You humans are also very skilled in Divine Runes …" Qinglong replied calmly.
"Then what does she want to do?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong.
Qinglong also noticed the seals in Yun Luo's hand. He said, "If I'm not wrong, she wants to seal the Divine Runes!"
"Seal the Divine Runes?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Although Yun Luo was drawing Divine Runes, she was only using True Yuan to draw them out of thin air. She didn't need any materials. Was this useful?
"Haha, the origin of Divine Runes is more complicated than you think. If you ascend to the Upper Realm in the future, you will naturally come into contact with these things," Qinglong replied.
As more and more seals appeared in Yun Luo's hand, the structure of the seals became more and more complicated.
10, 20, 30, 50 …
When the number of seals in Yun Luo's hand reached 100, she waved her hand and the seals fell down like raindrops and sped behind her!
"Freeze!"
Yun Luo shouted.
Just as Yun Luo shouted the word "freeze", the mournful wailing behind them suddenly stopped …
"Did it work?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
After the sound disappeared, Ling Yan also let out a deep breath. It seemed that she had succeeded.
"I only sealed it temporarily. It won't last long. Let's go," Yun Luo said.
Yun Luo's words made everyone nervous again. They continued to run forward. After running for dozens of miles, they stopped. They still didn't look back.
"Ouch …"
At this time, Zhao Fenqin let out a long groan and a sigh. He was finally freed from the pain caused by the Soul-frightening Spike. Although he was in so much pain that he couldn't think, he knew what had just happened. He said miserably, "Fortunately, Luo Zheng, you saved my life!"
"Can we turn back now?" Ling Yan asked. Not only Ling Yan, at this time, everyone was still immersed in fear.
Yun Luo nodded. "I think we've gotten rid of that thing."
Only then did everyone turn their heads …
As warriors, they were not afraid of those powerful monsters. What they were really afraid of were those unknown things, just like the thing floating behind them. Until now, no one knew what it was!
He turned around, but there was nothing behind him.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked into the distance. A green light appeared above his pupils. His Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes allowed him to see things very far away.
However, due to the distance, Luo Zheng's vision was still very blurry. He could see a pale white dot of light pulsating in the distance. Around that dot of light, there were many runes floating. Those runes were the runes that Yun Luo had just sent out. The dot of light seemed to be constantly struggling, trying to break free from the runes.
"Don't look, it … can feel your gaze." Yun Luo quickly stopped Luo Zheng's dangerous action.
"It can feel that?" Luo Zheng was shocked. He immediately withdrew his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes and quickly retracted his gaze. The dot of light quickly dissipated into the darkness.
"Yes, it was very dangerous just now. Fortunately, that thing is not an adult yet!" Yun Luo pursed her lips and revealed a rare smile.
"Underage?" Luo Zheng said in surprise. "What is it?"
"I can't say it, and I can't think about it. If I say it, it will know and it will probably chase after us." Yun Luo shook her head and said.
Everyone was completely speechless. What was that thing? So evil? They couldn't even think about it?
At this time, Xun also said faintly, "I know what it is!"
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I already told you, you really can't talk about it!" Xun also shook her head.
Everyone was already driven crazy. It could only be said that there were too many strange things in this world. However, no matter what that thing was, everyone already didn't want to talk about it. After experiencing that kind of extreme fear, no one wanted to experience it a second time.
At this time, Ling Yan just barely looked at the surrounding environment. Suddenly, she exclaimed, and a ray of light appeared in her eyes!
"We actually came here!" Ling Yan said in surprise.
Zhao Fenqin took out a soul healing pill and popped it into his mouth. Although Luo Zheng's Frightening Spirit Spike didn't cause too much damage to him, his soul wasn't as strong as Luo Zheng's. He couldn't be careless with his fragile soul. After swallowing the pill, Zhao Fenqin asked, "Where?"
Ling Yan waved her hand and a map appeared in her hand. It was the map of the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Then, Ling Yan pointed at a mark on the map and said, "Three years ago, I marked this place. There should be the remains of a super strong expert here! However, at that time, this area was guarded by more than ten Poisonous Ghost Martens. We couldn't enter. "
The strength of the experts in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was hard to estimate. The place where any expert died contained unimaginable benefits!
At that time, the Demon Night clan had paid a considerable price to come here. How could they give up?
However, these Poisonous Ghost Martens were too strong. They weren't existences that peak war saints could contend against. The Demon Night clan had spent more than ten lives trying to lure the Poisonous Ghost Martens away, but they had never succeeded. In the end, they had no choice but to give up.
What Ling Yan didn't expect was that the eruption of this chaotic tide had actually left the inner area empty. Then, this expert's remains were naturally wide open. How could Ling Yan not be pleasantly surprised?!
When Ling Yan said this, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's eyes also revealed pleasantly surprised expressions. They had risked their lives to walk around the inner area. They couldn't possibly leave without any benefits!
What did the experts of the Mysterious Underworld Cave mean? They were very clear that within the remains of an expert, there were countless unimaginable treasures!
"Since it's like this, let's go in and take a look." Luo Zheng said.
After running all the way, the flames emitted by the Jade Butterfly in the spatial ring had clearly become smaller. It was clear that the direction was wrong.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry now. Since Ling Yan was sure that there was a great opportunity here, he didn't care if he didn't go in and explore.
Thus, under Ling Yan's lead, everyone continued to move forward. After walking through a forest, Ling Yan pointed ahead and said, "It's here!"
Just as everyone walked out of the forest, they saw a door appear in front of them. It was a lonely door!
This scene looked very strange. There was no house, no roof, no walls. Other than a door standing here, there was nothing else.
Moreover, this door looked quite ordinary. It was just a small door that opened on one side in an ordinary house.
"This is the relic?" Zhao Fenqin asked.
"Yes, there should be words on that door." Even at this time, Ling Yan still maintained a high level of vigilance. From afar, she struck a stream of True Essence towards the door.
When Ling Yan brought the people of the Demon Night clan here, she had just figured out a little when she was besieged by a group of Poisonous Ghost Martens. In the end, she had no choice but to give up and choose to leave!
After Ling Yan's True Essence poured into the door, a row of large words appeared on the door!
"I am Qing Yuanzi. I wasted my life and had my dream destroyed here. In fact …"
Obviously, the words on the door were the epitaph that Qing Yuanzi had written for himself.
Yun Luo looked at the door indifferently. Her eyes flickered slightly, and there was a faint sadness on her face.
Xun's eyebrows furrowed. "Qing Yuanzi is dead? He also died here! "As she spoke, Xun looked at Yun Luo with a very strange expression on her face.
"My king, this Qing Yuanzi is?" Ling Yan asked.
Xun smiled faintly. "A powerful person, a person who shook the world in the past. I didn't expect him to die here. How ironic!"
Hearing Xun's words, Yun Luo gently bit her lips and did not speak.
"Then this door should be the treasure left behind by Qing Yuanzi, right?" Ling Yan asked again.
"Yes, you can say that! This is Qing Yuanzi's natal magic treasure, the Door of Reincarnation! " Xun said faintly. In fact, Xun's knowledge was not less than Yun Luo's. However, the secret of the Xuanming Cave came from the Human Race, so she naturally did not know as well as Yun Luo.
＝＝＝＝＝