The Heart of Martial Arts could only be honed through various experiences. It was related to a person's environment and experience.
For example, if a genius' life was smooth sailing and he was surrounded by various halos and rarely encountered bottlenecks in his cultivation, the Heart of Martial Arts of such a genius was actually very fragile. It was very easy for him to suffer a heavy blow! Once the Heart of Martial Arts suffered a setback, it was very likely that he would not be able to recover from the setback and would never be able to continue on this path.
However, if this genius could withstand this setback, then his Heart of Martial Arts would grow and become more tenacious and confident!
The honing of the Heart of Martial Arts came from repeated setbacks. It was an unavoidable process for a cultivator to grow.
The opportunity to hone the Heart of Martial Arts was hard to come by. If it was not handled properly, it would bring about great negative effects. Therefore, when they heard that it was possible to cultivate the Heart of Martial Arts, everyone was naturally surprised!
"I'll go first." Zhao Fenqin took the lead and walked towards the door.
Although this door was difficult to open, there were no restrictions on it. Zhao Fenqin gently pushed and the door opened.
A small vortex appeared in the center of the door and slowly rotated in a reverse direction.
"This door … won't be dangerous, right?" Zhao Fenqin was still a little worried. It was better to be safe than sorry. Although Yun Luo and Xun seemed to know the origin of this door, they did not know what dangers were lurking inside.
Xun shook her head. "There won't be any danger. You can go in."
Zhao Fenqin nodded and stepped into the vortex. As soon as he stepped into the vortex, a faint golden light flickered. Everyone could feel the passage of time in this light.
"It's the law of time," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the light.
Moreover, this was not a low-level law of time with one or two levels. It was a high-level law of time. No one present could see the mystery behind it.
After all, on the Sea God Continent, one could only comprehend the first or second level of the law of time. In the Central Domain, no one had comprehended the law of time. Compared to the law of space, the law of time was more mysterious and rare.
The light on the Gate of Reincarnation flickered slowly. Everyone thought that they would have to wait for a long time, maybe even a day or a few days. After all, when it came to cultivation, the speed would not be fast. Some cultivation techniques required years to be cultivated. It would take decades or even centuries before one could fully master them.
Fortunately, there wasn't much time left in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. The weakening of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray would last for about a month.
However, to everyone's surprise, after a few breaths, Zhao Fenqin walked out of the door.
"So fast?"
"What can he cultivate in such a short time?"
"It might be related to the Law of Time. Such a profound Law of Time should be able to compress time to the limit. Perhaps a lot of time has already passed …"
"Zhao Fenqin, say something!"
Only then did everyone realize that Zhao Fenqin was actually standing in front of the Gate of Reincarnation, staring straight ahead in a daze.
"Have you lost your mind?" Zhou Zhuohe appeared in front of Zhao Fenqin in a flash and waved his hand in front of his face. Unexpectedly, Zhao Fenqin waved his hand and slapped Zhou Zhuohe's hand away. He said indifferently, "Don't touch me. I'm thinking about something …"
"Thinking about something here?" Zhou Zhuohe was speechless. "What the hell is inside the Gate of Reincarnation? It can't turn people into idiots, right?"
"You're the idiot!" Zhao Fenqin rolled his eyes, then stepped aside and pulled Zhou Zhuohe aside. "You should go in too. The Gate of Reincarnation is indeed very beneficial!"
"What the hell is that …" Zhou Zhuohe mumbled. Zhao Fenqin, who had come out of the Gate of Reincarnation, was indeed fine. However, Zhou Zhuohe felt that Zhao Fenqin seemed to have undergone some subtle changes. At the very least, his gaze had become more profound!
However, the two of them were like brothers. Zhou Zhuohe also knew that Zhao Fenqin wouldn't harm him, so he didn't think too much about it and also stepped into the Gate of Reincarnation.
After a few breaths of time, Zhou Zhuohe also walked out of the Gate of Reincarnation. Like Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe was also a bit dumbfounded. His face was even a bit sluggish. He curled the corner of his mouth and muttered, "So it's like this, so it's like this …"
Yun Luo and Xun didn't say anything. The two of them seemed to understand what had happened.
On the other hand, Ling Yan and the other two peak war reverends from the Yao Ye clan were puzzled. They were also extremely curious about the Gate of Reincarnation!
Thus, Ling Yan also took a step forward and entered the Gate of Reincarnation.
When Ling Yan walked out, her gaze was as calm as water. Her pitch-black eyes were like black pearls, blooming with a faint light. Then, she silently walked beside Xun.
Next, the remaining two peak war reverends from the Yao Ye clan also entered the Gate of Reincarnation.
The last to enter was Luo Zheng.
Just now, Luo Zheng also asked Xun what this thing was. However, Xun only smiled faintly and didn't answer his question. She only told Luo Zheng that he would understand once he entered the Gate of Reincarnation.
Fortunately, they didn't have to wait for long. Soon, it was Luo Zheng's turn.
He walked in front of the Gate of Reincarnation and looked at it. Then, he stepped inside.
The surging power of the law of time wrapped around Luo Zheng. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt as if time had stopped flowing. All sound disappeared, and he was the only one left in the lonely darkness.
Luo Zheng was very interested in how to cultivate the heart of martial arts. Since the Gate of Reincarnation had the word "reincarnation", then it must have something to do with the reincarnation of life.
As for the reincarnation of life and death, it was even more difficult to guess than fate. Whether or not people reincarnated, whether or not there was an afterlife, it was impossible to determine.
Legend had it that after a person died, they would enter the six paths of reincarnation and fall into the Avici Hell. However, where was the hell and where were the six paths?
Last time, when Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he used his consciousness to roam the universe and saw the true face of the great world. It greatly broadened his horizons. However, Luo Zheng also understood that what he saw was only the tip of the iceberg. The mysteries of the universe were endless, and who knew how long it would take to explore them one by one?
Perhaps the process of exploration was the meaning of life!
While thinking, Luo Zheng saw a huge golden spiral appear in front of him. Then, Luo Zheng was sucked into the golden spiral, and the surrounding scenery gradually changed …
"This is!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He found himself wearing golden armor and standing on the city walls of the Burning Sky Imperial Capital. He was holding a golden blade and looking into the distance!
"I can't control my hands and feet!" Luo Zheng instinctively wanted to move, but he realized he couldn't move at all!
After that, Luo Zheng couldn't help but wave his blade and roar out, "Soldiers, the Burning Sky Imperial Capital has been conquered! Wait until I wear the golden robe, and I'll rule this world with all of you!"
"Charge!"
Below the city walls, countless soldiers wearing golden armor were swarming towards the Burning Sky Imperial Capital like a tidal wave.
Within the Burning Sky Imperial Capital, smoke could be seen everywhere, and cries could be heard everywhere …
While Luo Zheng was wondering what was going on, dozens of green lights suddenly shot into the sky in front of him. The person leading the group was Su Lingyun!
As for Su Lingyun, there were many Divine Core warriors surrounding her!
"Traitor Luo Zheng, the Burning Sky Palace will fight with our backs against the wall! Even if we have to use our last bit of strength, we'll kill you!"
Su Lingyun brought all the Divine Core warriors with her. They turned into beams of light and surrounded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng let out a wild laugh. He waved the golden blade in his hand and charged forward as well. Both sides began fighting fiercely.
Although Luo Zheng was in this body, his voice and movements were completely out of his control …
He only knew that he had become a traitor in the Burning Sky Imperial Capital, and now, he was about to steal the Burning Sky Imperial Capital. As long as he could defeat all these people in front of him, he would be able to rule the world and become the new Emperor of the Eastern Region!
"Is this something that has already happened? Or was it created in the dreamland? "