The battle lasted for an entire day and night. The entire Burning Heaven Imperial Capital was littered with dead bodies, and flames were burning everywhere.
Luo Zheng had killed ten Divine Core warriors by himself, and only Su Lingyun had managed to escape …
After that, Luo Zheng led all his soldiers and charged straight toward the Burning Heaven Palace!
In the end, Luo Zheng had successfully ascended to the throne he had always dreamed of. He stood at the top of the Burning Heaven Palace, overlooking the entire world.
Millions of soldiers were wearing golden armor, and they were kneeling in front of Luo Zheng. It was a glorious scene, and this was the epitome of Luo Zheng's life.
As for Su Lingyun, the last descendant of the Family Su, she had been captured.
"So, this is my other life?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. Although these scenes were illusory in Luo Zheng's eyes, they were still vivid in his mind, and he could clearly see all the details. It was real, but it was also absurd!
"The last princess of the Family Su, I'll kill her with my own hands!"
Luo Zheng leapt up into the air. With the golden blade in his hand, he slashed toward Su Lingyun. However, right before the blade was about to reach Su Lingyun, a sword beam suddenly appeared!
"Ding!"
The sword beam easily knocked away the golden blade in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Hua Tianming?" Luo Zheng saw Hua Tianming. He was wearing a white shirt, and he had a calm expression on his face. He was standing in front of millions of soldiers, but he didn't show any fear.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask.
Hua Tianming responded with a faint smile. "Me? I'm a swordsman. "
"Why are you here?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The Fengwang Dynasty is an ally of the Blue Cloud Sect, and the Blue Cloud Sect belongs to the Cloud Hall. I come from the Cloud Hall." Hua Tianming looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. "If you want to usurp the country, you have to ask the Cloud Hall first!"
"Go to hell!" Luo Zheng roared and rushed towards Hua Tianming.
"Ding ding ding …"
The two of them continued to attack, exchanging thousands of blows in an instant.
In the end, Hua Tianming retreated a hundred feet and raised his sword. The entire world changed colors, and the aura of this sword suppressed the aura of the million-strong army.
"With your strength, you're far from qualified to usurp the throne!" Hua Tianming finished speaking and stabbed down with his sword.
Luo Zheng couldn't resist this powerful sword. He was directly pierced by Hua Tianming's sword, and his head was separated from his body …
At the moment when his body was beheaded, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the various emotions contained in this body. They swept over him one after another. Unwillingness, anger, helplessness, all kinds of emotions were swept into Luo Zheng's mind.
"This … is the fate of a reincarnation?"
All the scenes gradually disappeared, and Luo Zheng was once again immersed in darkness. He now somewhat understood the meaning of the Gate of Reincarnation.
No wonder one could cultivate the heart of martial arts through the Gate of Reincarnation. To put it bluntly, the Gate of Reincarnation seemed to have the ability to continuously create the reincarnation of life, and after experiencing it personally, one would absorb the emotions in the reincarnation! To empathize, and then to comprehend, and to comprehend …
The mysterious things that existed in the Upper Realm were indeed amazing. This method of cultivating the heart of martial arts was indeed an eye-opener for Luo Zheng. It was unbelievable!
Immediately after, a golden whirlpool appeared in front of him again, and then a new scene appeared around him.
In this life, Luo Zheng wasn't a martial artist, but a cook who guarded the stove. He was always busy beside the stove with smoke and fire. Until one day, when Luo Zheng was slaughtering a wild dog, he found a divine jade pendant in the wild dog.
It was this jade pendant that changed his life's path, and he once again embarked on the path of a martial artist.
However, Luo Zheng didn't enter the Blue Cloud Sect. Instead, as an independent martial artist, he rapidly rose in the Eastern Region, established his own sect, and finally established a large sect comparable to the Blue Cloud Sect, and became the sect master …
In the third reincarnation, Luo Zheng became a famous scholar in the Eastern Region! In the face of the demon race's attack, he resolutely entered the path of literature, and led White Emperor City to resist the demon race's attack …
The fourth reincarnation …
The fifth reincarnation …
The sixth reincarnation …
Reincarnation after reincarnation flew around Luo Zheng. These reincarnations were vivid in his mind, and formed a brand in Luo Zheng's heart!
The more things a person experienced, the more profound their thoughts, and the more profound their thoughts. In this reincarnation, Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was also sublimated little by little.
Reincarnation after reincarnation continued to rotate, and all kinds of fates flashed. From the beginning to the prologue, Luo Zheng experienced the uniqueness of each fate.
The beginning of each new reincarnation was the end of an old reincarnation. In this short period of time, Luo Zheng experienced ninety-nine reincarnations!
When all the reincarnations disappeared and Luo Zheng walked out of the Gate of Reincarnation, he was slightly dazed.
The impact of these reincarnations was too great, and it wasn't something that could be digested in a short period of time. However, the effect it had on the heart of martial arts was obvious. After experiencing such a rich life, one had the most painful understanding of life and death, glory, power, and desire!
"How many reincarnations have you experienced?" Ling Yan asked Luo Zheng.
Everyone also looked at Luo Zheng, waiting for his answer.
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised. "What? Didn't everyone experience the same number of reincarnations? How long has it been? "
"Two hours," Xun said with a smile.
"That long?" Luo Zheng was also stunned.
He didn't know that everyone thought Luo Zheng had died inside …
"The number of reincarnations in the Gate of Reincarnation is determined by the strength of a person's heart of martial arts. The stronger the heart of martial arts, the more reincarnations there will be," Yun Luo explained.
The impact of a single reincarnation cycle was already very strong. If one's heart of martial arts was not strong enough, they would gradually lose themselves in one reincarnation cycle after another. They would not even be able to distinguish between reality and reincarnation.
Therefore, when undergoing reincarnation cultivation, as long as the heart showed the slightest sign of being lost, the reincarnation would disappear, and the person would be released from the Gate of Reincarnation.
"I've undergone nine reincarnations," Zhao Fenqin said.
"I've only undergone six," Zhou Zhuohe said.
Ling Yan said, "I've undergone thirteen reincarnations … Luo Zheng, what about you?"
"Me? It seems to be ninety-nine times, "Luo Zheng replied.
"Ninety-nine times!" Zhao Fenqin's eyes almost popped out of their sockets. "So many times, you didn't lose yourself at all?"
"Lost? How could that be? "Luo Zheng said, puzzled.
Everyone, including Ling Yan, was puzzled. It seemed that Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts was too strong …
"Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts is indeed much stronger than the average person. This Gate of Reincarnation is made from the power of the Six Paths of Reincarnation. Although it can't replace the real path of reincarnation, the power of reincarnation it contains is enough to make many people lose themselves. Ninety-nine times is the limit of the Gate of Reincarnation …" Yun Luo seemed to understand the Gate of Reincarnation very well.
"I see …" Luo Zheng finally understood why he had undergone as many as ninety-nine reincarnations. However, from beginning to end, his heart of martial arts did not feel lost at all.
Zhao Fenqin smacked his lips, looked at the Gate of Reincarnation, and said, "It's really a divine treasure. If only we could bring it back to the Purple Heart Sacred Land."
Xun sneered. "Bring it back? Do you think you can protect the Gate of Reincarnation if you bring it back? "
"Why not?" Zhao Fenqin was not convinced.
"A treasure of this level, if it leaves here without the protection of the Cursed Land, the aura it emits is enough to attract the attention of the strongest in the Upper Realm. With the strength of those strong people, destroying the entire Sea God Continent is just a matter of raising their hands …" Xun said lightly.
Hearing Xun's words, Zhao Fenqin was stunned.
Xun was right. Some of the inheritances in the Xuanming Cave were too precious. It was not something that a small force in the Lower Realm could preserve.
Luo Zheng looked at the Gate of Reincarnation. He was still slowly digesting the complicated emotions that came from reincarnation. At this time, he said, "If that's the case, let's continue exploring!"
Although the Gate of Reincarnation was wonderful, it was not the inheritance that Daoist Tian Miao was talking about.
"I'm afraid you won't have the chance to continue!" At this time, a deep voice rang in everyone's ears. It was like thunder, shaking everyone's ears until they were buzzing.
Hearing this familiar voice, Luo Zheng's face sank. He looked over and saw Meng Chong's burly figure appear not far away!
＝＝＝＝＝