"Battle-Saint!"
Ling Yan's pupils suddenly shrank. Judging from the aura emitted from Meng Chong's body, he had already stepped into the Battle-Saint realm!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's complexion immediately sank …
Didn't the Demon Race already leave the Tower of Sin? Why were these two still able to appear here?
This strange situation immediately reminded them of Tianqiong and Tianhui. They had also abruptly appeared in the Tower of Sin. The Demon Race had operated the Tower of Sin for so many years, so there were still some secrets that were not known by others.
However, although everyone's complexion was not good, they did not have an overly fearful expression. On the contrary, everyone's aura was very calm. Facing a Battle-Saint like Meng Chong, they were unexpectedly so calm.
This time, it was Meng Chong who was somewhat puzzled. A doubtful expression appeared on his face, and he even became somewhat vigilant.
What was wrong with these guys? Death was at hand, yet they did not seem to panic at all?
Let's not talk about the two freaks, Xun and Yun Luo. These two fellows could not be judged by common sense. In fact, Yun Luo and Xun, who came from the upper realm, had a heart of martial arts that these people from the lower realm could not compare to.
For example, Yun Luo had never thought of entering the Gate of Reincarnation. This was because the reincarnation cultivation method in the Gate of Reincarnation was already useless to her. She had cut her soul into millions of pieces, and millions of clones were constantly training. This kind of experience was countless times better than the Gate of Reincarnation!
However, Luo Zheng and Ling Yan were still so calm?
Even the usually timid Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, the two peak Battle-Saints of the Human Race, had the same indifferent expression. What was going on?
Meng Chong was somewhat disappointed, and even somewhat unwilling. He had hidden in the narrow secret passage under the Tower of Sin for several months, waiting for this moment. He originally wanted to see Luo Zheng and the others lose their heads out of fear, and even kneel down and beg for mercy. He did not expect these fellows to not have much of a reaction!
Meng Chong thought for a moment, then sneered: "Do you still think this is the Tower of Sin? Do you still think that Luo Zheng has that omnipotent ability? "
When Zhao Fenqin heard Meng Chong's words, he replied faintly, "Of course we're not as stupid as you think. However, since you're here, we can only deal with you calmly!"
What Meng Chong didn't know was that these people had just experienced the reincarnation of life. They had seen their lives from the perspective of life and death, so their mentality was naturally very stable! This was the effect of cultivating the heart of martial arts!
If one's heart of martial arts was easily agitated, it would often spoil things at crucial moments, and one might not even be able to display one's true strength!
For example, when the group was being chased by that strange thing, Zhao Fenqin was on the verge of collapse. Even his instinct to escape had disappeared. If Luo Zheng hadn't used the Stun Spirit Thorn to knock Zhao Fenqin out, Zhao Fenqin would have been dead by then.
Yun Luo, on the other hand, was able to think of a way to deal with it in that environment. She used the Demon Sealing Technique to seal that thing and lead everyone to escape!
The more stable a person's heart of martial arts was, the more they would be able to remain calm at any time and display 100% of their strength.
Everyone's heart of martial arts had been greatly strengthened by the Gate of Reincarnation. At this moment, they were surprisingly calm!
"Deal with it? Haha. "Meng Chong laughed sinisterly:" With just you few Peak War Reverends? "
Ling Yan stared at Meng Chong and said: "When you were at the Peak War Reverend, you were far from being my match. Even if you broke through now and became a War Saint, so what? Are you sure you're my match? "
Among the one hundred and twenty-eight seat controllers, Ling Yan was ranked first. She was the strongest Peak War Reverend, and Meng Chong could only be ranked in the middle of the Peak War Reverend. Even if Meng Chong stepped into the War Saint realm, he would only be a First Order War Saint.
"Hmph, won't you know if I'm your match after trying?" Meng Chong didn't want to waste any more time here. There was a huge change in the inner layer. Even if he was a Battle-Saint, it was still very dangerous. He had to end this battle as soon as possible!
When he entered the secret passage in the lower level of the Tower of Sin, Meng Chong understood that he had actually become a death warrior! And his only goal was to kill Luo Zheng!
As long as Luo Zheng died, all of the disadvantageous situations in the Demon Clan would vanish into thin air! The Demon Clan would once again return to the Tower of Sin!
If he could kill Luo Zheng and safely return to the Tower of Sin, then he, Meng Chong, would be the great hero of the Twin Devil Holy Land. The Demon Clan attached great importance to the glory of their clan. This kind of glory was a supreme existence to him, just like how Xun was a supreme existence to the Demon Night Clan …
"Go!" Meng Chong gave the order and also launched an attack. His huge body suddenly flashed and directly rushed towards Luo Zheng!
When Meng Chong's figure moved, Tian Hu also moved at the same time. Together with Tian Hu were the three Peak War Reverends of the Night Clan!
"Protect Luo Zheng." If it was in the past, Zhao Fenqin would be at a loss. But at this time, his expression was calm. Even though he knew that he was not Meng Chong's match, he still acted methodically! This was the effect of the Gate of Reincarnation!
"I have indeed just stepped into the War Saint realm. With your strength, Ling Yan, you can even kill an ordinary Second Order War Saint! But don't forget, I, Meng Chong, was also a God Rank genius! " Vital essence suddenly erupted from Meng Chong's body, and a turbulent aura burst out. At the same time, a slender saber appeared in his hand.
"Demonic God Slash!"
Meng Chong's first attack was his strongest attack. He was determined to kill Luo Zheng in one strike!
He could clearly distinguish the priority. The people in front of him were not important. The most important thing was Luo Zheng. Once he killed Luo Zheng, everything would be over! As long as the Demon Clan controlled the secret of the Tower of Sin, with his strength as a War Saint, no one in the Tower of Sin would be able to resist the Demon Clan!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, one on the left and one on the right, raised their swords at the same time. Sword intent began to intertwine, forming little spirals.
"Twin Jade Sword Aura!"
"First Sword Break!"
"Second Sword Kill!"
"Third Sword Destroy!"
"Fourth Sword Calamity …"
Zhou Zhuohe and Zhao Fenqin worked together in an orderly manner. Profound and exquisite sword intent surged towards Meng Chong's saber.
But when the sword intent collided with Meng Chong's saber, all of the sword intent was instantly shattered!
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe's faces sank. When the two of them worked together, they were said to be able to deal with an ordinary War Saint. But Meng Chong was clearly not an ordinary War Saint.
Zhao Fenqin coldly shouted, "Change your move!"
The two of them continued to block Meng Chong's saber …
Luo Zheng naturally did not remain idle. Facing Meng Chong's saber, he quickly retreated. His eyes flashed, and starlight began to flicker on the surface of his body!
When Meng Chong's Demonic God Slash appeared, it was as if a fiendish Demonic God was rushing towards Luo Zheng. Even though Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe tried their best to block it, they still could not stop it …
But when the saber arrived in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng met it with a punch!
"Sinking Stars Earthquake!"
A whirlpool formed by starlight immediately sucked the Demonic God into it.
"Break for me!"
Luo Zheng was very clear about the power of the 《Astral Combat Body》. The strength of this punch was enough to kill a beginner War Saint. It should be able to resist Meng Chong's saber!
But at this moment, a strange scene occurred. Just as the ferocious Demonic God was about to be sucked into the whirlpool created by the 《Sinking Stars Earthquake》, it suddenly split into three and transformed into three even more powerful saber energies. They surrounded Luo Zheng from three different directions!
"Not good!"
Luo Zheng's expression sank. It was obvious that he had underestimated the strength of a War Saint. Or rather, he had underestimated Meng Chong's strength!
Before the Demon Race left, they left Meng Chong and Tian Hu here. They definitely had a foolproof plan! After Meng Chong broke through to the War Saint realm, it was not as simple as it seemed!
"Hmph, break for me!"
At this moment, Xun stabbed her spear from Luo Zheng's side. The tip of her spear suddenly pierced one of the saber energies. Then, with a light twist, the saber energies were immediately shattered by an invisible wave.
At the same time, Yun Luo also struck out with her finger and shattered another saber energy!
As for the last saber energy, it was forcibly blocked by Luo Zheng's high-grade Sacred Long Sword!