After Meng Chong finished speaking, he took out a black fruit from his chest. His big hand, which was like a palm-leaf fan, gently pinched it, and the fruit was instantly crushed.
A black aura came out of the fruit and surrounded Meng Chong.
"Five months ago, I said, Luo Zheng, I will kill you! Today, you must die here! " After Meng Chong finished speaking, the black aura formed a pair of huge black wings behind Meng Chong!
Seeing the black wings, Xun and Yun Luo frowned at the same time.
"The demon race actually obtained that guy's inheritance …" Xun said with a cold expression.
Luo Zheng felt that the black wings were extraordinary, but with his experience, he naturally couldn't recognize what it was.
"This is the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit," Yun Luo added.
"Dark Sky Demon God?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"It's just that its name is Dark Sky Demon God. It's also a Realm Lord, but it has the strength of a Realm Lord, but it doesn't control a Realm. It's probably … equivalent to an independent warrior in your Central Domain," Xun said.
"What's the use of this fruit?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"As you can see, it can greatly increase this guy's strength in a short period of time!" Xun shook her head and said in a low voice, "Get ready to run!"
Xun and Yun Luo's vision and insight were far from what Luo Zheng, Ling Yan and the other lower realm warriors could compare to. Xun didn't suggest running because she judged that both sides still had the strength to fight. Even if Meng Chong was a War Reverend, they might not be able to defeat him!
Ling Yan and the two peak War Reverends of the Yao Night clan were enough to fight against Tian Hu and the three peak War Reverends of the Night clan. As for Luo Zheng's side, as long as the five of them delayed Meng Chong and waited for Ling Yan to deal with her opponent, Meng Chong shouldn't be able to defeat them.
However, Xun wasn't a fortune teller. She couldn't have calculated that Meng Chong actually had the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit. In fact, the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit could not only stimulate the body's potential, but it could also use some kind of secret technique. As for whether Meng Chong had this secret technique, it would depend on whether the demon race had obtained the complete Dark Sky Demon God's inheritance …
She raised her spear with both hands and thrust it towards Meng Chong. A formless yet fatal wave of energy shot towards Meng Chong.
"Go!" Of course, Xun didn't think that this spear would be able to kill Meng Chong. She had only bought some time for Luo Zheng to retreat.
Of course, Luo Zheng would not show off his courage here. As soon as Xun's voice fell, his figure shot backward like a flying shuttle.
On Ling Yan's side, she led the two pinnacle war reverends of the Yao Night Clan and forced the three pinnacle war reverends of the Sky Tiger Clan and the Night Clan to retreat! The members of the Night Demon Clan were much more outstanding than the other clans. Although Tian Hu was cultivating in the secret passage, he had not broken through to the Battle Saint realm, so his strength had not improved by much. As for the other three clansmen, although they were also peak War Reverends, the Night Demon Clan was not good at fighting head on, so how could they be Ling Yan's opponent?
Ling Yan was constantly suppressing Tianhu, but after hearing Xun's order, she immediately gave up the plan to attack. The King's order, to Ling Yan, was the supreme imperial edict!
"Let's go!"
The three figures immediately turned into streams of light and flew behind Luo Zheng.
"Can you guys escape?" A cold smile appeared on Meng Chong's face. After dodging Xun's spear, the pair of black wings on his back suddenly flapped. His flying speed was astonishing. His figure was like a whirlwind as he chased after Luo Zheng.
The humiliation he had suffered in the Sin Tower and the grievances he had suffered in the past few months were constantly released in Meng Chong's heart. At this moment, Meng Chong even hoped that this game of cat and mouse would last a little longer. He really enjoyed this game of cat and mouse!
"Let's hurry up and follow!" Tian Hu led the three members of the Night Clan and followed.
The three members of the Night Clan secretly rolled their eyes …
Actually, what Xue Luotian wanted to say was that since they had found Luo Zheng with Meng Chong and the others, their mission should have been completed. Killing Luo Zheng was their job, right? Xue Luotian didn't want to stay in this damned place for even a moment longer. Just now, he had been chased by those monsters all the way here and had almost lost his life!
However, Xue Luotian could only think about this in his heart. If he said it out loud, he was afraid that he would be killed on the spot by Meng Chong. Moreover, in this situation, even if the three members of the Night Clan were to return, they didn't have the guts to do so!
"You can't escape, Luo Zheng. Just obediently surrender and I'll let you die a little more comfortably!" Meng Chong grinned from behind.
His speed was extremely fast, and the distance between him and Luo Zheng was constantly shrinking. It seemed that Meng Chong was about to attack and kill Luo Zheng.
The eyes of Xun, who was originally following behind Luo Zheng, flashed as he suddenly came to a halt. His long spear danced wildly as a flickering white light suddenly pierced out. That invisible ripple swiftly enveloped Meng Chong, who was chasing after him.
"Your spear technique is really powerful. It's really surprising that you can exert such extreme power with such strength. Unfortunately … it's still useless!" Meng Chong, who had swallowed the black fruit, brandished his saber.
With just one strike, Meng Chong broke Xun's spear light. Not only that, the saber didn't weaken at all and directly cut towards Xun's body!
"Haha, die for me!"
The saber instantly cut into Xun's chest and then twisted her tall body into pieces!
Xun was indeed killed by Meng Chong. However, she was originally a Sword Spirit, a body formed by a Sword Spirit. Even if she was killed, she wouldn't be fatally injured.
Xun, who had turned into a little Sword Spirit, wrapped the spear and spiraled towards Luo Zheng!
But soon, the Sword Spirit reformed and once again rushed towards Meng Chong with the spear. It was still the same spear and the same terrifying wave that made people's hearts palpitate.
Xun's attack was very fierce. Although Meng Chong's strength had greatly increased, he had no choice but to stop and seriously deal with it. Otherwise, even if he was stabbed by the spear, he would still die.
Meng Chong swung his saber again and twisted Xun's body into pieces. But in the blink of an eye, Xun returned unscathed and once again stabbed with the spear …
Soon, Meng Chong realized that this couldn't go on.
His flying speed was indeed much faster than Luo Zheng's, but the Demon Night Clan woman in front of him was an immortal existence. Under her constant obstruction, the distance between him and Luo Zheng didn't decrease at all!
What made Meng Chong even angrier was that Luo Zheng's group was running very fast in front, but Tianhu and Xue Luotian behind them couldn't keep up. The distance between them was getting bigger and bigger, and he couldn't help at all!
However, Meng Chong had chased them all the way here. How could he give up?
He didn't believe that Xun could continue fighting like this!
Xun's Sword Spirit body was attached to Luo Zheng. In theory, she was indeed an immortal existence. As long as Luo Zheng didn't die, she wouldn't disappear or perish.
However, the constant shattering, reassembling, shattering, and reassembling was a big burden for Xun. The red light emitted by the Sword Spirit was constantly fading. If the Sword Spirit's energy was exhausted to a certain extent, it could only slowly recover in Luo Zheng's body.
The current situation was very unfavorable for Luo Zheng …
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others' minds were spinning rapidly. They hadn't resisted all the way, but that didn't mean that they had given up. Being chased by Meng Chong like this wasn't a problem for them either!
Under this chase, the two sides unknowingly moved forward rapidly. 10 li, 100 li, 200 li …
At this time, everyone slowly realized that something was wrong with the scenery in front of them.
After entering the inner region from the outer region, the surrounding scenery would slowly lose its color. But now, the surrounding scenery seemed to have disappeared. Apart from the black ground, the trees, the jungle, and the mountains had all disappeared. Everything was so monotonous!
"Fog, there's fog around us," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Fog?" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ling Yan's expression suddenly changed. Even though she had experienced 13 reincarnations, she couldn't suppress the fluctuations in her state of mind at this moment.
Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe raised their heads and looked, but said, "We don't see fog …"
However, Yun Luo said with certainty, "There is fog, but it's very faint!"
"Oh no, I'm afraid … I'm afraid we've entered the core area!" Ling Yan's expression sank, and her figure suddenly stopped.
While they were talking, the fog around them became thicker. Even Zhao Fenqin and the others could see a faint layer of fog slowly floating up. This fog was actually spreading at a visible speed.