Ling Yan glanced at Meng Chong indifferently. Beams of True Essence spread out and hundreds of flowers bloomed, forming a semicircular domain that protected everyone.
Only after entering the Divine Sea Realm could one have their own domain. However, Ling Yan's cultivation method was a bit special. She could simulate the unique "Myriad Flower Domain."
"You think you can stop me with just this?" Meng Chong snorted coldly. The wings on his back flapped. He took a step forward and punched out. It was as if he was crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood. Instantly, the flower-like domain was broken into pieces …
Looking at Ling Yan's expression that gradually turned cold, a faint smile appeared on Meng Chong's face. In the past, Ling Yan was an undefeatable existence in Meng Chong's eyes. Even Meng Tian was no match for Ling Yan. But now, she couldn't even block one of his punches!
However, Ling Yan's expression didn't change at all. She gently waved her hands and more flowers bloomed rapidly, blocking the front. At the same time, she said indifferently, "Meng Chong, didn't you notice the change in the surroundings?"
"Change?" He narrowed his eyes and scanned the area. Looking at the faint mist, he seemed to have suddenly thought of something very important. His face suddenly changed. "This, this is …"
At this moment, Tianhu, Xue Luotian, and the other three hurried over. At the same time, Tianhu shouted, "Not good! Meng Chong … We seem to have fallen into … "
"Fog …" Meng Chong helped Tianhu finish his sentence.
Fog was a very common thing. In the Sea God Continent, fog would often appear during the transition between winter and spring.
However, it was different in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. There was only one place in the Mysterious Underworld Cave that had fog, and that was the core area! Encountering the fog was equivalent to entering the core area.
The reason why there was fog in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was still an unsolved mystery for many warriors on the Sea God Continent. However, every warrior in the Tower of Sin had to thank this fog.
As everyone knew, the Mysterious Underworld Cave was covered in the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray all year round. Other than the demonic creatures inside the Mysterious Underworld Cave, the creatures outside couldn't resist this death ray at all. Even the most powerful warriors would turn into a pool of pus under the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
According to his speculations, the Profound Nether Deathlight of the Profound Nether Cave should be emitted from the core region. However, every year, there would be a period of time where a dense fog would rise up from the core region. It was because of the existence of this dense fog that the Profound Nether Deathlight was greatly weakened, allowing the martial artists of the Sin Tower to have the opportunity to enter and explore!
If it wasn't for this layer of fog, no one on the Sea God Continent would be able to step foot into the Xuanming Cave.
However, although many of the martial artists were grateful for this fog, they also feared it from the depths of their hearts. The fog covered the core region, so what unknown existences existed in the core region? To this day, no one knows! In the past, all the races had joined forces to explore the fog, but none of them had survived.
Therefore, regardless of whether it was Meng Chong or Ling Yan, in their hearts, the bewildering fog was equal to the core region, and the core region was equal to the forbidden area!
"Impossible! Impossible! " With a whoosh, Meng Chong directly pulled out a sheepskin from his chest. The map of the demon race was drawn on this sheepskin. "We shouldn't have stepped into the core region. This can't be the core region!"
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan also took out a map and carefully compared it for a few breaths. Then, Zhao Fenqin shook his head. "This is indeed not the core region, but …"
"But, the core region has expanded." Ling Yan's gaze was very complicated.
There was a very obvious dividing line between the outer region and the inner region. Furthermore, the demonic creatures in the outer region would not enter the inner region. However, there was no obvious dividing line between the core region and the inner region. Wherever the dense fog spread, that was where the core region was!
Hearing everyone's words, Yun Luo's expression was still indifferent. However, a faint smile hung on Xun's face. Her pair of beautiful eyes stared unwaveringly at Yun Luo. She didn't know why, but from beginning to end, Xun was very vigilant against Yun Luo. Even the dense fog that made people's faces change did not cause Xun to have any thoughts.
As for Luo Zheng, his brows were completely furrowed. Because he had just been chased by Meng Chong, Luo Zheng's spatial ring was getting hotter and hotter. The Jade Butterfly in the spatial ring had already turned into a ball of fire!
This meant that the direction the Jade Butterfly was pointing to was precisely the dense fog! It seemed that the inheritance that Immortal Tian Miao had mentioned was definitely in the core region.
Although Luo Zheng was still very calm, he also knew that the current situation was not very optimistic. The famous core region definitely contained some strange things. The most frightening thing was that they knew nothing about this dense fog. How could Luo Zheng break it?
Ling Yan stared at Meng Chong and lightly said, "Now, do you still want to fight?"
Meng Chong's expression was very interesting. He had stayed below the Tower of Sin to cultivate. He was also very clear about his mission. From a certain perspective, he was a death warrior! He had to ensure that Luo Zheng was unable to leave the Profound Nether Cave. He had to make sure that Luo Zheng died in the Profound Nether Cave. His mission was complete!
But after he truly understood that he had entered the core region, Meng Chong's mentality underwent a drastic change!
Meng Chong did not want to die.
In Meng Chong's mind, after he killed Luo Zheng, he would continue to hide in the Tower of Sin. In the future, he would be the sole king of the Tower of Sin!
Within the Tower of Sin, one would also be affected by the power of the curse. However, according to past experience, the power of the curse would not erupt on the spot. Instead, it would take a month for it to erupt.
In the past, there had been a peak war saint that had become a battle saint within the Tower of Sin. However, after that peak war saint had become a battle saint, the power of the curse did not immediately descend. A month later, that battle saint was killed by the curse …
Every time Meng Chong returned to the Tower of Sin, he would only stay for ten days to half a month before immediately returning to the Profound Nether Cave. This way, he would not be affected by the power of the curse!
As Meng Chong's strength increased step by step, he would become a high-level battle saint and a Divine Sea Realm expert. In the future, he would become the true ruler of the Tower of Sin. Even the Twin Devil Holy Land would have to give him face when doing things!
After all, with his strength, who would be able to contend against him in the Tower of Sin?
However, he did not expect that because he had chased after Luo Zheng, he would fall into the fog. How could Meng Chong not be at a loss?
"No! Kill Luo Zheng first, then we will discuss how to leave the fog! "Meng Chong waved his battle blade and pointed it at Luo Zheng.
Ling Yan's expression sank and a sneer appeared on her face, "Now that everyone has fallen into the fog, we will talk about serious matters after we get out of the fog. What's more, do you think we will let you succeed so easily?"
Meng Chong, who had swallowed the fruit of the Dark Sky Demon God, was indeed powerful. However, it was not as if Ling Yan did not have a trump card. If both parties were to use their full strength and fight to the death, the final result would be hard to say!
"That's right, Lord Meng Chong … We, we should think about how to leave the fog!" At this time, Xue Luotian, who was at the side, stammered. In his heart, he thought that today was the worst day of his life. If he had known earlier, he would not have informed Meng Chong and the others. He, Xue Luotian, would rather be torn to pieces by those Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves than die in this damned place.
Meng Chong took a deep breath and then said coldly, "The fog is only a legend. It is very scary, but it doesn't mean that we can't get out!"
Everyone knew very little about the fog. Their understanding of the fog came from guesses and legends. It was said that once one fell into the fog, there was no possibility of getting out. However, this was not necessarily true!
It was just a thin layer of fog. Could it really prevent many warriors from getting out?
"Let's make peace for the time being and put aside our dispute. We will talk about everything after we get out of the fog," Ling Yan suggested.
"That's a good suggestion!" Xue Luotian quickly laughed.
Meng Chong glared fiercely at Xue Luotian, making him shut up immediately. Then Meng Chong nodded. "Okay! We will talk about it after we get out of the fog! We will go back the way we came! "
The road they took just now was not complicated. This area was barren everywhere. It was so flat that there was not even a small mound. It was very desolate.
The two groups of people, one in front and one behind, put aside their dispute for the time being and carefully walked back the way they came …
Just now, it was still a thin layer of fog. Now, it was getting thicker and thicker. The white fog was like milk in the air, floating slowly and almost blocking everyone's sight.
(Thanks to Bitten by Dog 5K for the tip, Morning Wind 2K for the tip! Thanks to Serene Mist Fox, Hum Ji, Tiger Soul, Lu Yi, Yang Yang for the tip ^ _ ^ Also: Morning Wind is looking for a wife in the book review section! '(* ^ ﹏ ^ *)')
＝＝＝＝＝