Due to the fog, both sides temporarily put aside their dispute, but everyone still carefully maintained a certain distance.
After all, both sides were enemies and not friends.
Under Meng Chong's pursuit, they had run for about twenty to thirty miles, but it should not have been long since they entered the fog. They were probably only four to five miles away.
With the speed of this group of people, they should be able to return in a few dozen breaths of time!
Everyone's hearts were hanging high because no one knew if they could walk out of the fog.
The time it took for an incense stick to burn passed, and everyone's complexion became worse and worse. According to their flying speed, they could cover a distance of several dozen miles in the time it took for an incense stick to burn, but there was still an endless fog in front of them, and they simply couldn't find the edge of this fog.
"Oh no, oh no, it's just like the rumors say. Once you enter the fog, there's no turning back …" Xue Luo Tian said with a long face.
"Shut up," Meng Chong scolded. Although he remained calm on the surface, there was a trace of panic in his heart. The Demon Race was the race that understood the Xuanming Cave the most. The last time they worked together to explore the core area, the Demon Race sent the most people and suffered the most losses!
Moreover, the Demon Race was the most well-prepared for the exploration of the core area. Everyone made life cards and set up voice transmission talismans at the same time.
However, after entering the fog, all the voice transmission talismans were disconnected and could not communicate with the outside world, but the life cards were fine.
If the life cards did not shatter, the people did not die. After entering the fog, they were definitely fine at the beginning, but three days later, all the life cards shattered at the same time! More than a dozen Peak War Venerables of the Demon Race died in an instant!
What was it that made those Peak War Venerables die in an instant?
This was probably a mystery that would never be solved.
Now, Meng Chong had the chance to uncover this mystery, and the price was probably his life!
Therefore, Meng Chong was also worried at this time and forced himself to be calm!
At this time, Luo Zheng, who was not far behind, suddenly said, "Stop!"
Everyone looked back at Luo Zheng, then Zhao Fenqin asked, "What's going on?"
"Look," Luo Zheng pointed to the ground, where there was a small mark.
Everyone looked at the mark and asked, "What is that?"
"Before we set off, I secretly left this mark … Now," Luo Zheng looked at the mark with a complicated expression. He frowned and said, "We'll go back to where we started."
Xue Luotian smiled bitterly. "It seems that we're going around in circles."
Luo Zheng nodded. Everyone's heart sank.
"Why is this happening? We were flying in a straight line! "Zhao Fenqin said.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Are you sure we're flying in a straight line?"
"I'm sure!" Zhao Fenqin replied firmly.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a sigh, "Let's not talk about the strangeness of this fog. It's not that easy to keep moving forward in a straight line."
"Luo Zheng, are you laughing at our intelligence?" Xue Luotian sneered.
A group of peak war reverends didn't even know how to walk in a straight line? Even a child could do it. Luo Zheng's words were a bit unimaginable.
Luo Zheng glanced at Xue Luotian indifferently. Then he reached out and tore a piece of cloth from his sleeve. He said to Xue Luotian, "Come here."
"What are you doing?" Xue Luotian stared at Luo Zheng warily.
"Don't worry, I'm just letting you do an experiment. I won't do anything," Luo Zheng said.
Xue Luotian looked at Meng Chong and the others. He naturally didn't want to go. If Luo Zheng suddenly killed him, how could he resist with Ling Yan and the others around?
But seeing Luo Zheng's posture, Meng Chong nodded and ordered, "Xue Luotian, you go."
Xue Luotian didn't dare to disobey Meng Chong's order. He could only bite the bullet and walk to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng raised the cloth and said to Xue Luotian, "Now you don't need to fly. Block all your True Essence and perception, and then walk forward!"
"What are you doing …" Xue Luotian was speechless.
"Do it," Luo Zheng said sternly.
Xue Luotian looked back and saw Meng Chong's eyes. He could only do as he was told. Then Luo Zheng covered Xue Luotian's eyes with the cloth and said, "Go forward."
Under Luo Zheng's order, Xue Luotian stepped forward.
"Go, go straight!"
Under Luo Zheng's urging, Xue Luotian's pace became faster and faster.
100 feet, 200 feet, 300 feet, 400 feet …
Xue Luotian had already walked far ahead, and his figure slowly disappeared into the fog.
"Where am I? Can I go now? " Xue Luotian wasn't the kind of person who was bold, not to mention that he was in such a damned place. Who knew if a monster would jump out and swallow him in the next moment?
Meng Chong was about to speak, but Luo Zheng stopped him. At the same time, he continued to say to Xue Luotian through True Essence Sound Transmission, "Go, keep going! We'll be there soon! "
Xue Luotian could only speed up and move forward quickly …
Everyone watched as Xue Luotian's faint figure made a big circle in the fog. Finally, he returned to the starting point and came to Luo Zheng's side. Then Luo Zheng reached out and pulled the cloth off Xue Luotian's face.
Xue Luotian looked at everyone strangely and said, "You've been following me all this time?"
Everyone shook their heads in unison. They hadn't moved a single step just now.
"But, but … I was walking in a straight line just now!" Xue Luotian said strangely.
"You thought it was a straight line, but it wasn't!" Luo Zheng said lightly, "We can usually walk in a straight line because we have something obvious that we can use as a reference! For example, we can slowly approach a mountain so that we can maintain a straight line! "
"But in this fog, all the objects of reference have disappeared, and this thick fog has become a cloth covering our eyes. So … we have taken a detour," Luo Zheng continued.
"So that's how it is. Why haven't I heard of it?" Zhao Fenqin and the others said strangely.
Luo Zheng shook his head lightly. The Sea God Continent had always been in chaos. There was only killing and survival here. It wasn't as stable as the Central Domain. Naturally, there was no cultural inheritance. It wasn't strange that they didn't know this principle.
"What do we do now?" Ling Yan asked.
At this time, everyone looked at Luo Zheng. Obviously, they saw hope in Luo Zheng. In a situation where they didn't understand the reason, Luo Zheng's performance was indeed magical.
"Let's continue!" Luo Zheng took out his long sword and cut a mark on the ground. Then, he chose a direction and walked!
Everyone looked at each other, and their expressions became more and more complicated. Everyone had pinned all their hopes on Luo Zheng.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't finish his words. It wasn't that he didn't have a reference!
The sumeru ring on his chest was a reference!
The further away Luo Zheng was from the inheritance that Immortal Heavenly Mist mentioned, the lower the temperature of the ring on his chest. And the closer he was to the inheritance, the higher the temperature of the ring on his chest!
Then, as long as the temperature of the ring dropped, the flames of the jade butterfly in the sumeru space would decrease. This meant that everyone was constantly moving away from the core area …
Using this point, it shouldn't be difficult to leave the core area.
After all, the jade butterfly was like a guiding light …
But this was the truly strange part of this fog. Just now, when everyone was returning, the temperature of the sumeru ring was clearly getting lower and lower. But suddenly, it became hotter and hotter. At the same time, it was constantly alternating between hot and cold.
This meant that everyone wasn't walking in a straight line, and they weren't going in a circle. Instead, they were going left and right, sometimes far and sometimes close.
It was as if they were lost in a special space!
Luo Zheng didn't reveal this secret. First, there was no need. Second, he was afraid that it would cause even more panic!
This time, everyone was moving forward even more cautiously. Not only Luo Zheng, but the others were also constantly making marks.
In the time it took for an incense stick to burn …
Two incense sticks of time …
Three incense sticks of time …
Two hours …
Four hours …
As time passed little by little, everyone's hearts gradually sank to the bottom of the valley.
Everyone had indeed used their own methods to leave marks on the ground. But these marks were in disorder. For example, when they had just found the first mark, there should have been a second mark next to it. But what jumped out was a sixth mark!