"I, I can't take it anymore!"
Xue Luotian suddenly screamed while everyone was still moving forward silently.
In this dense fog, everyone was extremely nervous and the atmosphere was very oppressive. Xue Luotian and the others were on the verge of collapse.
Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Ling Yan were still fine. After all, they had passed through the Gate of Reincarnation, and their hearts of martial arts had been greatly stabilized. However, Xue Luotian and the others had not entered the Gate of Reincarnation, so their hearts of martial arts were far less stable than theirs. One could well imagine their current state of mind!
"If we stay here, we will only die here," Meng Chong said indifferently. He was not in the mood to care about Xue Luotian.
"We can't leave! We will definitely die here! "Xue Luotian said with a crazed expression.
"Is that so?" Meng Chong clenched his fist at Xue Luotian, "Why don't we just let you die now!"
Seeing that Meng Chong was really going to attack, Xue Luotian immediately shut up.
This was indeed not the time to say such discouraging words. It could easily destroy other people's tense nerves!
At this moment, a peak war reverend from the Yao Ye clan suddenly pointed forward and shouted, "What is that!"
Everyone looked in the direction that the peak war reverend was pointing and saw a red dot in the distance!
The demonic red dot hung on the horizon, like the sun rising in the morning fog.
One must know that the fog could almost block all sight. Everyone couldn't see anything more than a hundred feet away, but that red dot could penetrate the layers of fog and let everyone see it clearly!
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked over, his eyes flashing with a green light. Even his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes couldn't see through the strange fog, but when he activated his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes, the red dot became slightly clearer.
"This light is very similar to the Xuanming Death Ray. What do you think?" Luo Zheng said.
Ling Yan nodded and agreed, "Indeed. That red dot is wrapped in fog. It is very likely that the Xuanming Death Ray in the entire Xuanming Cave is emitted by this red dot!"
"In other words, after walking for half a day, not only have we not left the fog, but we are getting closer and closer to the core? Or rather, we've been walking for half a day, but we're actually heading towards the core! "Zhao Fenqin's expression was extremely ugly.
Everyone couldn't help but gulp. Who the hell knew what was in the core? But even if they used their toes to think, they could understand that no matter what it was, it would be too easy to kill them!
"Leave it!" Meng Chong's eyes lit up. "Now that we have a reference point, we can just walk in the opposite direction! Anyway, let's not go near that red dot! "
Meng Chong's suggestion immediately received everyone's approval!
According to what Luo Zheng had said earlier, they didn't have a reference point, so they were just walking in circles. But now that they had a reference point, things were much easier. As long as they got further and further away from the red dot, they would eventually be able to leave the fog!
Therefore, the appearance of the red dot gave everyone a glimmer of hope!
Everyone looked excited. Only Luo Zheng showed a bitter smile. I'm afraid … it won't be that easy.
Luo Zheng originally had his own reference point, but even so, he felt that the direction everyone was moving in was completely chaotic. How could this fog be broken so easily?
But at this time, Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Since everyone had chosen to try, he had no reason to stop them. Therefore, everyone followed Meng Chong and continued forward.
Ever since they discovered this reference point, everyone's speed rapidly increased. They ran in the opposite direction of the red dot, as if they could leave the fog as long as they kept walking …
During this process, Luo Zheng found that the sumeru ring on his chest was getting hotter and hotter. Needless to say, they were getting closer and closer to the core!
Sure enough, they soon heard Xue Luotian let out a strange cry. Then, he pointed at the red dot in the sky and stammered, "That, that red dot is getting bigger and bigger …"
Everyone looked up and their expressions suddenly changed!
The red dot hanging in the sky was just a dim little dot, but now it had become the size of a fist. This meant that everyone was getting closer and closer to the red dot.
"It's too strange … We're clearly walking in the opposite direction. Why is the distance getting bigger and bigger!" A peak war reverend from the Night Clan said with a trembling voice.
Ling Yan bit her lips. She couldn't explain what was happening in front of her.
"There's only one explanation. There's an invisible force in the fog that's guiding us to the core area. Or rather, it's dragging us there!" Meng Chong analyzed.
At this time, Yun Luo, who had been silent for a long time, suddenly spoke, "We can't walk out of the fog."
Meng Chong and the others didn't know, but Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin knew that Yun Luo seemed to know a lot about the Mysterious Underworld Cave. The two said almost at the same time, "What's going on? Is there a way to break it? "
Yun Luo said indifferently, "There is."
"Why didn't you say so earlier!" Zhao Fenqin opened his eyes wide. Everyone was on tenterhooks for so long. You already knew, but you were silent. At this time, Zhao Fenqin didn't know what to say. "
Yun Luo said expressionlessly, "But you can't do it."
"What do you mean?" Ling Yan said with a frown.
"This fog is actually an array. It contains the power of the Law of Space," Yun Luo replied. "If you want to walk out of this fog, you must be proficient in the Law of Space above the third level. None of you can do it."
"The Law of Space above the third level!" Zhou Zhuohe smiled bitterly.
Two of them were proficient in the Law of Space. One was Luo Zheng, and the other was Zhou Zhuohe. Luo Zheng was slowly digesting the second level of the Law of Space. When Luo Zheng was in the True Dragon Realm, he relied on the Talent Stele to comprehend the first level of the Law of Space. And from the Talent Stele, he comprehended the foundation of the second level of the Law of Space.
After that, he relied on points to rent the remaining stone steles in the Sin Tower to cultivate. However, he only comprehended half of the second level of the Law of Space. There was still a long way to go before he could reach perfection of the second level. His speed of cultivating the Law of Space was already very fast.
As for Zhou Zhuohe, he was even worse than Luo Zheng. Zhou Zhuohe had not cultivated the first level of the Law of Space to perfection, and he had only comprehended a trace of the second level of the Law of Space!
And according to Yun Luo, one needed to be proficient in the Law of Space above the third level to leave this fog …
They could not possibly stay here and comprehend the Law of Space by themselves, right? How long would they have to cultivate before they could reach the third level?
By then, the fog would have dispersed, and everyone would die from the Xuanming Death Ray!
"Is there no other way?" Zhao Fenqin asked again.
"There is," Yun Luo replied again.
Everyone was very dissatisfied with Yun Luo's method of squeezing toothpaste. They all stared at her angrily. Xun sneered. She knew Yun Luo's personality well. She seemed to always be like this!
"What is it? Can you say it all at once?" Meng Chong said angrily.
Yun Luo did not care about everyone's feelings at all. She said calmly, "Find the array disc that controls this array, and you will naturally be able to leave."
"Where is the array disc?" someone asked again.
Yun Luo shook her head. "I have never been to the Xuanming Cave, and this is my first time here. How would I know? I guess it should be somewhere in the core area. "
"Since you have never been here, how do you know about the Xuanming Cave?" Meng Chong stared at Yun Luo with a complicated expression.
Yun Luo blinked and said, "I won't tell you!"
This sentence again …
Hearing this, Meng Chong almost went berserk. He almost fought with Yun Luo!
In the end, he suppressed the anger in his heart and sighed deeply. "Let's take it one step at a time! If it doesn't work, we will go directly to the core area. If we are lucky enough, we might be able to obtain a greater opportunity! "
Everyone was silent. At this point, they really did not have any other choice.
However, at this time, everyone's mentality was relatively calm. In any case, they were ready to go all out. This was also the so-called 'take things as they come.' If they were all buried here in the end, then it would be because their luck was not enough!