The rumors weren't wrong. The Xuanming Diablo Ray was indeed emitted from the core area. To be exact, it was emitted from the red dot!
As the fog rose and covered the Xuanming Diablo Ray, the Xuanming Diablo Ray in the entire Xuanming Cave was weakened. Therefore, many creatures in the Tower of Sin had the opportunity to enter the Xuanming Cave.
But now, as everyone slowly approached the red dot, the Xuanming Diablo Ray became stronger and stronger. The threat to everyone was also increasing!
Because of the fog, they could barely resist it. But as they got closer to the red dot, the Xuanming Diablo Ray's power would increase. How could they resist it then?
When this question appeared, everyone's footsteps began to hesitate again …
Previously, they thought that there could be no construction without destruction. At most, they would advance towards the core area. Maybe they would have a chance to escape!
But now, they understood that they were advancing on a path of no return. Not to mention the powerful existence in the core area, just the Xuanming Diablo Ray alone was enough to kill them all!
"I'm not going! If I go any further, I'll definitely die. The Xuanming Diablo Ray alone can kill me! "Xue Luotian sat down on the ground.
Everyone stopped. Although Xue Luotian was a bit timid, he was right. No one here could resist the Xuanming Diablo Ray …
At this time, Yun Luo glanced at Xue Luotian indifferently. Perhaps she was also a bit tired. She gently rolled up her long skirt and sat beside Luo Zheng, murmuring, "It's the same whether we go or not."
"What do you mean?" Meng Chong asked.
Yun Luo hugged her knees and said indifferently, "You'll know in a while."
Meng Chong was also used to Yun Luo's inexplicable temper and didn't continue to ask. Everyone had been rushing for half a day and temporarily rested here.
Ling Yan took out a bottle of water from her Sumeru Ring and drank it. Everyone also took the opportunity to rest.
But without resting for a moment, the corner of Zhao Fenqin's mouth trembled. He continued to point to the sky and said, "That, that red dot seems to be getting bigger …"
Everyone looked up. Sure enough! Even though they didn't move, the red dot was still getting bigger!
"What, what's going on?" Xue Luotian covered his head, his face full of despair.
Thinking of what Yun Luo had just said, Meng Chong stared at her and said coldly, "You already knew?"
Yun Luo nodded seriously. "That's right. Even if we don't move, we'll still be dragged by the Space Laws …"
Only now did everyone understand that this fog was a huge quicksand trap! As long as one took a step into this trap, they would not be able to leave. No matter how much they struggled, it would be useless. And the more they struggled, the faster they would fall!
This discovery once again dragged everyone to the bottom of the valley.
Looking at Yun Luo's calm face, Meng Chong suddenly raised his eyebrows. "Why aren't you afraid?"
Xun said coldly, "Of course she's not afraid!"
"Why? Does she have a way to protect herself? "Meng Chong asked again.
Xun couldn't be bothered to answer Meng Chong. What she wanted to say was that Yun Luo was just a doppelganger, and one of the million doppelgangers. Even if one of them died, it would be an insignificant loss to Yun Luo!
After the repairs were done, Ling Yan then said: "Let's continue on our way!"
Everyone continued to move forward in silence. However, not long after, something that hadn't been there before finally appeared in front of them. Some white things were scattered in front of them!
When everyone got closer to take a look, they saw that they were skeletons! The skeletons were scattered all over the place …
"These are … human skeletons!" Zhao Fenqin exclaimed.
Zhou Zhuohe also lowered his head and reached out to grab a skeleton. However, just as his fingers touched the skeleton, the skeleton turned into a pile of powder and scattered on the ground!
"These skeletons have been here for who knows how many years. When I touched them, they turned into powder," Zhou Zhuohe said, shaking his head.
As everyone continued to move forward, more and more skeletons appeared on the ground. The road ahead was no longer flat. Instead, it was a huge sunken pit.
At that moment, Yun Luo's eyes emitted a strange light. Then, she placed her slender index finger on her lips. That was something to keep quiet.
Although Yun Luo was often crazy, she still understood the Xuanming Cave better than anyone else. When Yun Luo asked everyone to keep quiet, no one said a word. Their faces were full of vigilance as they carefully looked at Yun Luo.
Her face was expressionless as she walked toward the center of the huge pit filled with white bones!
Along the way, the skeletons that her wooden clogs touched all turned into a pile of powder and scattered on the ground …
This huge pit was a huge pit filled with skeletons! Countless skeletons were buried here. There were especially many skeletons at the bottom of this huge pit. The skeletons were even piled up into a small mountain that was several feet high.
When Yun Luo stepped on her wooden clogs and carefully walked to the front of the small mountain of skeletons, everyone became even more nervous. Who knew what kind of demon was hidden in these skeletons! After all, this was the core area! Furthermore, everyone had been walking for so long. This was probably the core of the core area. It wouldn't be strange if there were even more powerful demons!
At that moment, Yun Luo took a deep breath and suddenly used the power of the Law of Wind. Then, she blew a breath toward the small mountain of skeletons in front of her.
It was just a breath, but because it contained a strong power of the Law of Wind, this breath turned into a gust of wind!
These skeletons had been here for who knew how many years. When this gust of wind blew, the small mountain of skeletons instantly turned into dust and was blown away by Yun Luo!
The entire pit of skeletons was instantly covered by fine white dust. Yun Luo's figure was covered by it. No one could see her …
After a while, the dust settled and Yun Luo's figure was slowly revealed. Everyone saw a corpse in front of Yun Luo. It was a dried corpse!
This dried corpse was sitting cross-legged and maintained a state of cultivation. Unlike the skeletons, this dried corpse was still in perfect condition after so many years. They could even recognize this dried corpse's appearance!
Soon, a shocking scene occurred. Yun Luo stretched out her hand and hugged the dried corpse. Then, Yun Luo said softly, "I found you …"
"What is she doing?" Luo Zheng stared at Yun Luo and asked.
Xun looked coldly at Yun Luo and said, "If I'm not wrong, that's the Realm Lord of your human race's Righteous Sun Realm. He's also Yun Luo's brother."
"So Yun Luo's brother also died here." Luo Zheng nodded.
Hearing the conversation between Xun and Luo Zheng, Meng Chong, Ling Yan, and the others' eyes flashed slightly. Figures of the Realm Lord Realm … To them, they were too far away. It was also very difficult for those great figures of the Upper Realm to cast their gazes on the Sea God Continent. However, since this mummy was a Realm Lord expert, then how astonishing would the treasures he left behind on his body be?
Thinking of this, Meng Chong and the others' eyes burned with passion!
Although they knew it would be difficult for them to leave this place, it was up to the heavens to plan. If they left and missed this opportunity, wouldn't they regret it for the rest of their lives?
Thinking of this, Meng Chong took a step forward and rushed towards the bottom of the pit.
At this time, Yun Luo was taking a bracelet from the dried corpse. At the end of the bracelet was a golden skylark.
"Sumeru bracelet?" Refiners could make items from the sumeru space into any shape. It could be a ring or a bracelet. Meng Chong's expression changed. Just as he was about to grab it, Yun Luo indifferently turned her head and said, "If you want to leave this fog, I advise you not to."
At this time, everyone walked down the pit. Since Meng Chong wanted to make a move, Ling Yan and the others were naturally on guard. After all, Yun Luo belonged to the human side.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, everyone's eyes twitched. Meng Chong asked in a deep voice, "You mean, you have a way out of this fog?"
Yun Luo didn't answer Meng Chong's question. Instead, she carefully put away the bracelet with an expressionless face. Then, she took out a yellow talisman from her Sumeru Ring and gently stuck it on the corpse's chest. With a gentle pat, the corpse suddenly opened its eyes!
＝＝＝＝＝