The withered corpse opened its eyes, giving everyone a fright.
Especially Meng Chong, who was closest to Yun Luo. It was as if he was bitten by a poisonous snake. He retreated seven or eight steps and stared at the corpse with vigilance.
He was a sector lord after all. When he was alive, his strength was enough to control a large realm! Even if he died here and only a corpse was left, the moment he opened his eyes, it still made people tremble with fear!
Yun Luo glanced at Meng Chong and said, "There wasn't before, but now there is."
Everyone carefully stared at the corpse. They were afraid that the corpse could come back to life. The strength of a sector lord wasn't something they could imagine. Even if they only had a ten thousandth of their strength, they could still kill everyone!
However, other than being vigilant, many people were like Meng Chong. Their eyes revealed a trace of greed!
No matter what this mummy's identity was, the secret it contained was a great opportunity for everyone. Not to mention the value of this mummy, just the Skylark Bracelet that Yun Luo had just taken away was unimaginable.
Although they were tempted, everyone still had a trace of rationality. Yun Luo's understanding of the Mysterious Underworld Cave was greater than everyone else. Also, she said that she had a way to leave this place.
Although opportunities were important, their lives were more important. No matter what, they had to leave this damned fog first. Otherwise, no matter how good the treasure was, they wouldn't have the life to enjoy it!
Luo Zheng's thoughts were different from others. He was just curious and asked, "Since Yun Luo already knew that her brother died here, why did she wait until now to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave?"
According to what Luo Zheng knew, Yun Luo had been in the Sin Tower for a long time. If her goal was only to take her brother's items, she didn't need to wait until now to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave. After all, there was a chance to enter the Mysterious Underworld Cave every year.
Xun shook her head and said, "I'm not sure." Then she tilted her head and thought for a bit before saying, "Maybe it's because of you."
"Because of me?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"I am only guessing. She has been following you closely since the beginning of this trip to the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Her goal should not be to obtain her brother's remains. She should have other goals." Xun blinked and said, "That fellow called Tian Miao gave you a jade butterfly. He may have his own goals. If you find that inheritance, you will need to act according to circumstances. He … may not be a good person."
What Xun said was just a guess. From Xun's point of view, the human race was an extremely large race in the upper world. They controlled many more worlds than the Yao Ye clan. Moreover, the human race was not united. From Xun's point of view, what happened in the Xuanming Cave was likely an internal conflict among the human race. It did not involve other races.
Xun only had one goal, and that was for Luo Zheng to grow quickly so that she could return to the Yao Ye clan one day. As such, she did not want Luo Zheng to become a sacrifice for the internal conflict of the human race.
Luo Zheng nodded. Although Tian Miao was only a soul that was struggling at death's door, he had his own goals. When the time came, Luo Zheng would have to make a choice. Xun's reminder was not wrong.
Not long after, Yun Luo put the corpse into the Sumeru Space. The Sumeru Space was different from the Spirit Space. Living things could not be stored in the Sumeru Space. If it was forcibly taken in, it would be rejected by the Sumeru Space. However, if weak living things were taken in, they would be directly obliterated.
After collecting the corpse, Yun Luo took out the bracelet again. She bit her slender white finger and squeezed out a drop of blood from her fingertip, dripping it on the small golden skylark at the end of the bracelet.
The drop of blood quickly seeped into the skylark.
Everyone's eyes were fixed on the bracelet. Of course, they knew that Yun Luo was refining the bracelet, especially Meng Chong, Tian Hu, Xue Luotian, and the others. They all wanted to know what kind of amazing treasure was in the bracelet if there was really a Sumeru Space in it! Any one of the treasures of such a powerful expert would benefit them immensely!
After Yun Luo refined the bracelet, she gently touched the skylark with her finger and took out something from the bracelet.
Everyone's eyes were burning. There was indeed something in the bracelet!
Yun Luo was holding something that looked like a crab in her hand. Below the crab was a long metal chain, which looked like a small pendant.
Yun Luo slowly climbed up from the bottom of the pit and walked towards Luo Zheng.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng stared at Yun Luo and asked.
"Don't move." Yun Luo walked in front of Luo Zheng, then pulled the metal chain and put it on Luo Zheng's head.
After hanging the crab on Luo Zheng's chest, she didn't explain much and just said, "I'll give it to you." Then she sniffed at Luo Zheng, turned her head, and continued to walk forward!
Everyone was completely confused. Yun Luo's actions were too strange, and they couldn't figure it out at all …
They didn't ask much. Since Yun Luo gave them a glimmer of hope, it was better to follow her obediently at this time.
Yun Luo walked in front, Luo Zheng and the others followed behind, and Meng Chong followed closely at the back.
The road before was very desolate. As they got closer and closer to the red dot in the sky, more and more strange things appeared around them.
Not long after they walked past the big pit, a huge sword was stuck in the ground not far from them!
The huge sword of the Demon Blood Emperor that Luo Zheng took away from the Trial Takers' Road was already big enough, but compared to this huge sword in front of them, it paled in comparison.
The huge sword in front of them was hundreds of feet high, taller than some medium-sized mountains. Looking up, they couldn't see the hilt of the sword under the cover of the fog …
Such a huge sword, even the Giant Tribe couldn't wield it. They didn't know what kind of person could drive this huge sword.
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Meng Chong, and the others were all interested in this sword …
Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin originally wanted to use the sumeru ring to take away this sword, but they quickly discovered that this was a futile action. Even if their sumeru space could accommodate this huge sword, this huge sword still didn't move in the slightest.
As for Meng Chong, he was even more straightforward. He directly flew up and stood on the hilt of the huge sword. He hugged the hilt with both hands, trying to pull the huge sword out of the ground.
"Ha!"
Meng Chong shouted. The Demon Race was originally much stronger than the other races. Almost all of them were born with divine strength. Moreover, Meng Chong had just swallowed the Dark Sky Demon God's fruit. His cultivation had soared, and the astral essence in his body suddenly erupted. With such a violent strength, even a small mountain would be lifted up by him!
But no matter how hard he tried, the huge sword still didn't move.
Finally, Meng Chong could only resentfully jump down from the huge sword.
"This huge sword can't be taken away!" Meng Chong glared and walked to the side with his hands behind his back. To enter a treasure mountain and return empty-handed, this was indeed a depressing matter!
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng walked towards the giant sword on his own.
"Humph, you think you can pull out this sword?" Meng Chong sneered.
Zhao Fenqin also reminded, "Luo Zheng, the weight of this sword is immeasurable. Even if your strength is different from an ordinary person's, you still won't be able to pull it out."
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Who said I'm going to pull out this sword?"
As soon as he said this, Yun Luo immediately understood what Luo Zheng wanted to do. Xun agreed. "This sword is already ownerless. Since we can't take it away, it's not a pity to smelt it."
"Smelt?" Xue Luotian narrowed his eyes and smiled. "It's not that easy to smelt this sword!"
"This thing from the Upper Realm has stood here for countless years. The power contained in this huge sword is far beyond their imagination. Even if all the refiners in the world were invited here, I'm afraid they wouldn't be able to smelt it …" Zhou Zhuohe could only shake his head and say.
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He walked to the side of the huge sword and sat down cross-legged. The black fire in his mind had been displayed in front of everyone. Luo Zheng didn't need to avoid it. His eyes flashed, and the black fire in his mind had already spiraled out and rushed towards the huge sword!