It wasn't just Meng Chong. Even Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan were shocked when they saw this scene.
Previously, when Luo Zheng's black fire erupted, it could be said to be indestructible. Even the giant toad's tongue was burned by Luo Zheng's strange flames.
However, no matter how powerful the giant toad was, it was still made of flesh and blood. It was not particularly unacceptable that Luo Zheng's black fire could burn the giant toad's tongue. However, this giant sword in front of them had definitely surpassed the existence of a divine artifact!
It might even be a legendary divine artifact!
Although they could not be sure, their guesses were not far from the truth. In the end, Luo Zheng's black fire appeared and burned it just like that? And the speed of smelting was so fast?
Ling Yan and the rest thought it was fast, but Luo Zheng thought it was slow.
Previously, when the black fire burned any weapon, it only needed a light flick to burn away all the impurities in the weapon. However, this giant sword was different. After the black fire burned it back and forth two or three times, it gradually melted. At the same time, the Heaven's Divination Essence flowed toward Luo Zheng like spring water!
"So much Heaven's Divination Essence!"
"How much would it be if it was used to refine weapons …" Zhao Fenqin sighed.
However, there were no weapon refiners present. Although the Heaven's Divination Essence was rare, it was not very useful to ordinary people.
As Luo Zheng continued to smelt, the black fire slowly burned a small hole in the bottom of the giant sword. Then, the small hole became a large hole. Finally, the bottom half of the giant sword was directly burned off by Luo Zheng!
The moment the giant sword broke, the top half fell with a loud crash and heavily smashed into the ground, causing the entire ground to cave in …
Luo Zheng did not look sideways. He continued to focus on smelting the giant sword. The Heaven's Divination Essence produced by this giant sword was equivalent to millions of immortal weapons! The Heaven's Divination Essence flowed toward Luo Zheng like a flood, and Luo Zheng collected it one by one.
As Luo Zheng's strength increased, the power of the dragon scales became more and more important. When used at a critical moment, it could often produce miraculous effects.
Now that Luo Zheng had opened the Baihui Stage and refined his body, his physique had improved further. With his current physique, he could naturally withstand more power.
While smelting the huge sword, Luo Zheng suddenly asked Qinglong in his mind, "What will happen if all the dragon scales are lit?"
Back then, Luo Zheng had only lit up a few dragon scales. He had never thought that he would be able to light up all the dragon scales. After all, based on Luo Zheng's experience, lighting up all the dragon scales would probably require tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Heaven Amplification Essence. Where could he get so much Heaven Amplification Essence?
Now, Luo Zheng understood that the Heaven's Derivation Essence contained in a Sacred Artifact was countless times more than an Immortal Artifact. In this way, Luo Zheng really had the possibility of lighting up all the dragon scales in the future.
Qinglong smiled faintly and heard him say, "If I light up all the dragon scales, I will be able to reconstruct the Heaven's Amplification Body."
"Heaven's Amplification Body?"
Qinglong then sighed faintly. "When you lit up the dragon scales, I also did not think that you would be able to grow to this day. The essence of the nine of us brothers has been suppressed under this furnace. Our physical bodies have been completely destroyed. The Heaven's Amplification Essence is derived from the understanding of the Heavenly Dao that a weapon refiner has of the Heavenly Dao. If we can reconstruct our bodies, I'm afraid that we will really be able to see the sun …"
Qinglong's words contained a trace of very complicated emotions. Reconstructing a True Dragon's body was something that Qinglong had not even dared to think about. However, later on, Qinglong had guessed that Luo Zheng's fate was to fight for the Great Era. The possibility of that happening was much higher.
As Luo Zheng continued to grow, this possibility became more and more real. Now, it seemed that even if Luo Zheng could help the nine brothers reconstruct their bodies, it was not impossible!
How could Qinglong not be filled with emotions?
"Luo Zheng, thank you!" Qinglong said faintly.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "You don't have to thank me, do you? I also need to borrow the power of the dragon scales. Moreover, I don't know when I will be able to light up all your dragon scales. "
"Hehe, it may not be a matter of time." Qinglong understood that Luo Zheng now had the potential to soar. As long as he did not die, it would not be difficult for him to obtain the Heaven's Amplification Essence in the future. When that time came, it would not be difficult for him to light up all the dragon scales of the other eight True Dragons, let alone Qinglong's dragon scales!
At this moment, a voice floated into Luo Zheng's mind. "Luo Zheng, you helped Old Nine light up so many dragon scales. You have to help me too!"
The one who spoke was Old Seven, the red dragon.
Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "There's no hurry. I will help you after I help Qinglong light up all his dragon scales!"
The red dragon was naturally joking. If Luo Zheng could light up Qinglong's dragon scales first and help Qinglong reconstruct his Heaven's Amplification Body, Qinglong would be able to recover all his strength! Although Old Nine was the weakest of the nine dragons, he was still a genuine Superior Divine Beast. When the time came, he would be a great help to Luo Zheng …
Now that there was a delay, it was obvious that he had to help Qinglong first.
Under the spread of the black fire, the giant sword was refined little by little and then stored in Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring.
In everyone's mind, this giant sword was already comparable to a Divine Weapon. It was indeed a bit wasteful for Luo Zheng to refine it into Heaven's Amplification Essence. However, there was no other way. No one could take this giant sword away. They could only watch Luo Zheng destroy this sword.
About an hour later, Luo Zhengcai finished smelting this huge sword. Only then did he get up in satisfaction, and said to Ling Yan and the others: "Everyone, we can set out."
Yun Luo glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said nothing.
Then everyone continued to move forward.
Along the way, they could see skeletons and pits everywhere. Everywhere was full of potholes. Even looking at the devastated ground, they could understand how fierce the battle was. God knew how many powerful warriors had died in this battle!
Even for those skeletons that turned into ashes upon contact, their original owners were probably much more powerful than the Spirit Sea Realm warriors.
As for Meng Chong, Tianhu, Xue Luotian, and the others, their eyes were wide open as they looked around for opportunities. As long as they saw something unusual, they would rush forward to explore it. Since they had come to the core area and Yun Luo had promised to take them out, wouldn't it be wonderful if they could find some opportunities?
However, what disappointed Meng Chong and the others was that after searching for a long time, they didn't find anything decent. They did find a few magic weapons, but they were basically incomplete. Broken weapons and magic weapons could easily dissipate the Heaven's Amplification Essence, causing the weapon to lose its spirituality and become a piece of scrap iron.
As a result, they had become garbage collectors. They didn't find anything good, but collected a lot of garbage!
While they were searching and advancing, everyone finally felt a change!
The Xuanming Death Ray was getting stronger and stronger!
The red dot in the sky was now the size of a car wheel. Although there were layers of fog blocking it, the Xuanming Death Ray still increased the pressure on everyone's Protective Ethereal Force.
Although everyone's Protective Ethereal Force could withstand it, it was being consumed faster and faster. In just a short while, Zhao Fenqin had taken out two top-grade Ethereal Stones, crushed them, and absorbed the Ethereal Force inside to replenish his Protective Ethereal Force.
As for Meng Chong and Tianhu, it was even more troublesome. They walked the path of body refinement and relied on Vital Essence to protect their bodies. However, Vital Essence couldn't be replenished by Ethereal Stones. It could only be produced by their bodies bit by bit!
At first, it was okay. The Xuanming Death Ray didn't put much pressure on them and consumed very little Protective Ethereal Force. At that time, Meng Chong and Tianhu could barely withstand it with their strong bodies. They didn't need Vital Essence to protect themselves.
As they got closer and closer to the red dot, the Xuanming Death Ray became stronger and stronger. The two of them had to use Vital Essence to protect themselves.
However, they weren't too anxious about using Vital Essence to protect themselves. After all, the consumption of Vital Essence couldn't keep up with the constant production of Vital Essence in their bodies.
But now, it was very troublesome. The consumption of Vital Essence had greatly increased, and they couldn't replenish their Vital Essence.
Once their Vital Essence was exhausted, their bodies would have to face the increasingly intense Xuanming Death Ray.