Meng Chong and Tianhu were not fools. They realized that the situation was getting worse and worse.
Meng Chong's expression suddenly turned cold as he shouted, "Stop!"
Luo Zheng looked back at Meng Chong and asked, "What's the matter?"
"We can't go any further," Meng Chong said.
In fact, Meng Chong and Tianhu were not the only ones facing this problem. It was only because they cultivated vital essence that the problem was more prominent.
Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan cultivated the vital essence system. Although they could use vital essence stones to replenish their vital essence, as their protective vital essence was being consumed faster and faster, their vital essence stones were also being consumed faster and faster. It was hard to say how long they could hold on.
At this time, Zhao Fenqin also said, "Yes, Luo Zheng, if we continue to move forward, I'm afraid we can't withstand the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray!"
Who knew that Xun would sneer and say, "Didn't I just say it? In this fog, even if you don't move, you will be dragged closer to the red dot! "
Xun's words made everyone even more panicked. The closer they got to the red dot, the stronger the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray became. What should they do? If they really got close to the core, without the obstruction of the fog, they would be directly hit by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
Everyone looked at Yun Luo at the same time …
Yun Luo glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said, "Luo Zheng, pour vital essence into that thing on your chest."
Just now, when Yun Luo hung this crab-like thing on Luo Zheng's chest, everyone felt it was quite strange. Now that Luo Zheng suddenly mentioned it, everyone looked at the crab …
"What's the use of this crab?"
"It looks like a treasure …"
"This thing can protect us?"
Luo Zheng did not know why, but since Yun Luo said so, he would naturally do as she said. After all, from Yun Luo's tone, she seemed to be quite confident in leading everyone out of this fog. Then, she should also be confident in resisting the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
Then, Luo Zheng raised his hand and poured vital essence into the crab on his chest.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The crab on Luo Zheng's chest suddenly emitted an orange-yellow beam of light, which quickly spread to the surroundings, covering an area of twenty feet.
When the light barrier spread out, it enveloped everyone within it as well. At this moment, Meng Chong and the others instantly felt the pressure from the Netherezim Diadem lessen greatly!
"This thing is actually a divine artifact that can block the Profound Underworld Death Ray!"
"It seems that Yun Luo really has a way!"
"But why did she give it to Luo Zheng?"
Yun Luo's method worked, and it immediately gave everyone a strong sense of confidence. She did have a way to deal with the trouble in the core area, so the possibility of leading everyone out was much higher.
At this moment, Meng Chong's eyes flashed and he quickly approached Luo Zheng …
"What are you doing?" Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and Zhou Zhuohe immediately blocked in front of Luo Zheng.
Although both sides were at peace for the time being, it didn't mean that they weren't on guard against each other.
Meng Chong frowned and said, "I want to get closer to Luo Zheng!"
"Why?" Xun sneered. She saw through Meng Chong's intention at a glance.
As everyone got closer and closer to the red dot, the power of the Profound Underworld Death Ray became stronger and stronger. After all, the two sides were enemies and not friends. If Luo Zheng shook off Meng Chong, Tianhu, and the three people from the Night Clan, wouldn't they be instantly killed by the Profound Underworld Death Ray?
Meng Chong wouldn't let himself fall into such a passive situation …
In his mind, if he couldn't get out of the fog, then he would definitely drag Luo Zheng down with him. If he could get out of the fog, then both sides would rely on their own abilities!
"No reason. If you don't agree, then I'll do it now." Meng Chong's body flickered with a black aura, and the pair of black wings on his back rose again.
After only a few hours of peace, the two sides were ready to fight again!
Luo Zheng stared at Meng Chong and sneered, "It's not a wise choice to fight here!"
"I know." Meng Chong nodded. "But soon, I'm afraid I won't even have the right to fight! Unless you agree to my conditions! "
"Lord Meng Chong is right. If we get close to the Profound Underworld Death Ray, Luo Zheng will remove the light shield and we'll be dead!" Xue Luotian echoed. The other two peak war reverends of the Night Clan and Tianhu also nodded in agreement.
"Then what do you think we should do?" Luo Zheng asked.
Meng Chong stared at Luo Zheng and smiled, "It's very simple. You just have to walk with us!"
If Luo Zheng was held hostage, they would be safer.
"What if I don't agree?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Meng Chong shook his head and said, "Then it's a bit troublesome. I'm afraid we'll have to fight now!"
At this time, Yun Luo walked over and said faintly, "Luo Zheng, walk with me." Then Yun Luo pointed at Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin and the others. "You, go with them!"
Luo Zheng and Yun Luo moved in front, and the rest of the people moved together. If Luo Zheng escaped, not only would Meng Chong and the others die, but Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan and the others would also be killed by the Profound Underworld Death Ray.
This proposal was not a bad idea. Meng Chong pondered for a moment and seemed to want to bargain, but Yun Luo said, "If you don't accept this proposal, you don't have to go out."
Yun Luo's threat was very effective. At least her proposal could ensure the safety of Meng Chong and the others to a certain extent.
Just after everyone made a decision, Xue Luotian's expression suddenly changed. He narrowed his eyes and looked in a certain direction. Then he operated his Protective Zhen Yuan and rushed out of the orange light shield!
His Protective Zhen Yuan could still resist the Profound Underworld Death Ray, but everyone was puzzled. What on earth attracted Xue Luotian to run out? Could it be that he had found another opportunity?
Along the way, they had picked up a bunch of random things, but there was not a single useful thing. Maybe it was just some junk, so no one cared.
They saw Xue Luotian rush to a small hillside next to them. On the hillside, there was a bright green plant. The plant only had two leaves, but the two emerald leaves were blooming with a dark green light!
Everyone also saw that plant. Meng Chong's thoughts moved, and he sneered. No matter what this guy discovered, it would ultimately fall into his hands. As for Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin, their expressions also appeared to be moved. That plant was clearly not some ordinary object!
But at this time, Yun Luo's puppet-like face suddenly changed. Then she hurriedly urged Luo Zheng, "Go! Go quickly! "
"What …" Luo Zheng did not have time to ask before Yun Luo dragged Luo Zheng and ran wildly!
As soon as Luo Zheng left, the orange-yellow light shield also moved quickly. Everyone was uncertain when they saw Yun Luo, who had always been calm, had such a bad expression. What's more, this was the Ominous Land of the Ominous Land. Who would want to stay? In an instant, they chased into the light shield and kept running.
But just as everyone rushed out, Xue Luotian had already walked to the side of the Divine Artifact plant. He stretched out his hand to pick the plant, but at this moment, the plant suddenly grew taller. A small flower bud quickly grew in the middle of the two leaves, and the flower bud bloomed in an instant!
When the flower bud bloomed, what bloomed was not a flower, but an extremely strange face. The strange face suddenly let out a sharp roar at Xue Luotian. Everyone watched as Xue Luotian's Protective Zhen Yuan collapsed in an instant. Then the skin on the surface of his body disappeared, revealing the bright red flesh inside. Soon, the flesh continued to collapse, revealing the eerie white bones …
Then the white bones also dissipated, leaving only a few pieces of clothing floating on the ground.
"What the hell is this …" Looking at Xue Luotian's miserable state, even Meng Chong felt his scalp tingle.
Zhao Fenqin shook his head, "Who knows? Anyway, there are all kinds of things in here!"
"But that thing has no hands or feet. It shouldn't chase after us, right?" Zhou Zhuohe asked.
Yun Luo did not answer. She just ran ahead with Luo Zheng …
Just as Zhou Zhuohe's voice fell, a touch of green appeared in front of everyone. Everyone glanced at it. The green branches and leaves were exactly the same as the previous one. It had clearly just emerged from the ground!
Only then did everyone understand why Yun Luo had dragged Luo Zheng away. These creatures did not have hands or feet, but they were able to travel underground!
＝＝＝＝＝