They watched as the plant rapidly grew and instantly formed a flower bud. That flower bud was unfolding at a visible speed!
"Go to hell!"
Meng Chong threw a punch.
The surging fist aura directly enveloped the plant and exploded with a muffled sound. Smoke and dust billowed!
When the smoke and dust dissipated, the plant was unscathed! The flower bud was still blooming and a ghost face was about to form from it!
"Quick, quick, quick! Fly up! "Zhao Fenqin urged.
Luo Zheng's mind was also highly concentrated. When he heard Zhao Fenqin's words, he instantly flew up. As for the orange-yellow light barrier, it turned into a circular protective barrier, enveloping everyone inside!
However, what made everyone speechless was that after they flew up, the emerald green plant also continued to grow. Its growth speed was actually not slower than their flying speed!
"Charge! Forward! "
Zhou Zhuohe roared. Everyone also pushed their speed to the limit. By the time the flower bud fully opened and revealed the ghost face, everyone had already rushed out quite a distance. Hearing a scream from behind, everyone felt a lingering fear.
"On the ground! Quickly look! "A peak war reverent from the Night Clan said with a face full of fear.
On the ground in front of everyone, little green dots began to appear. Clearly, every little green dot was a plant … or it could be said that there was only one plant, but its main body was buried deep underground. At this time, its roots were continuously spreading underground!
"We can only brace ourselves and rush over!" Luo Zheng said, "Everyone, try to increase your speed! Follow me! "
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the vital essence in his body suddenly erupted. His entire body turned into a thin line and rapidly shuttled through the layers of fog. His speed suddenly increased by 30%!
When everyone saw Luo Zheng increase his speed, they naturally had to keep up with Luo Zheng's light barrier. Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe looked at each other. Their true essence merged together and formed a gray shadow. Their speed was barely able to keep up with Luo Zheng's speed.
Yun Luo did not use any secret technique. She maintained a relatively balanced speed and followed beside Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng was fast, her speed was fast. If Luo Zheng was slow, her speed was slow too.
Meng Chong grabbed Heaven Tiger and flapped the black wings on his back as he followed closely behind Luo Zheng. No matter what, his biggest goal was not to let Luo Zheng shake him off.
Ling Yan's speed was not slow either. She and the other two peak war reverends of the Night Demon Clan flashed with a faint white light as they followed closely behind Meng Chong and the others.
However, the two people from the Night Clan were in a more miserable state. The Night Clan was good at stealth and concealment, but they were not suitable for such high-speed movements. At the beginning, they might have been able to keep up with this speed, but when everyone burst out at the same time, the two of them were thrown out of the range of the light barrier!
"Wait, wait for us …"
"Help!"
The two peak war reverends of the Night Clan wailed from behind.
But at this time, who would care about them? What's more, the current crisis was caused by Xue Luotian of the Night Clan. Even if they did not die, if everyone could escape from this danger and escape, Meng Chong would personally kill them!
The two peak war reverends were quickly surrounded by the green plants. Then, they heard shrill screams from behind. Without looking back, everyone knew what happened to the two!
At this time, everyone was still unable to escape from the danger in front of them. The speed of the plants moving underground was astonishing. While everyone maintained such a high speed, there were still small green dots appearing on the ground on both sides!
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn …
Zhao Fenqin and the others had already replenished several true essence stones. Even Luo Zheng had crushed two true essence stones and absorbed the true essence within.
Finally, they could no longer see the small green dots on the ground …
Everyone's hearts gradually calmed down. To be able to escape the pursuit of the demons in the core area, everyone felt somewhat fortunate.
Everyone was extremely tired. Only Xun hugged her spear with a relaxed expression. She had the body of a sword spirit and was almost weightless. Luo Zheng was completely dragging her as he flew …
"Rest, rest for a while." Everyone landed and Zhao Fenqin sat down on the ground.
Ling Yan stood straight and stared straight ahead. She coldly said, "I'm afraid there's no chance for you to rest!"
Everyone looked up and realized that the small red dot was not far in front of them …
At this time, it could no longer be described as a small red dot!
In front of everyone was a giant beast, a giant beast that was sleeping!
Everyone found it difficult to describe the size of this giant beast because several li in front of them was a giant pit. To this giant beast, it was a giant pit, but to the humans, demons, and the Demon Night Clan, it was a bottomless abyss!
The giant beast's skin was completely black and only its head was exposed from the abyss. But just its head alone was the size of ten mountains! Even when it was sleeping, two fangs were still exposed.
If one had to compare, the height of those two fangs was about the size of a mountain! As for that small red dot, it was actually a red circle of light emitted from the top of this monster's head.
"What, what kind of monster is this …"
"Is this a super divine beast? I've never seen such a huge thing before! "
"Such a huge monster is actually sleeping under our Sea God's Continent. If it wakes up, won't it overturn the entire Sea God's Continent?"
Everyone tried to lower their voices as much as possible.
Hearing their cautious tone, Xun suddenly giggled and said loudly, "What are you afraid of?"
"Shh —"
"Shh!"
Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan, and the others immediately made a shushing gesture, indicating for Xun to lower her voice.
Xun slightly smiled and said, "If that thing was so easily woken up, your Sea God's Continent would have disappeared long ago!"
Yun Luo then said, "Yes, it won't be so easily woken up."
"What the hell is this thing?" Meng Chong asked with a complicated expression. Meng Chong's original goal was to kill Luo Zheng but now that the situation had developed to this point, let alone control it, he couldn't even understand it!
When did such a thing appear under the Sea God's Continent?
Such a powerful thing shouldn't exist in this world … if this thing wakes up one day, then the Twin Demon Holy Land would just be a joke.
Yun Luo tugged at Luo Zheng and said, "Let's continue forward!"
After walking here, the fog gradually thinned and the red circle of light above the monster's head kept shooting out Xuanming Death Ray!
This intensity of the Xuanming Death Ray's power had already reached its peak. At this time, as long as everyone walked out of the orange light cover, they would probably be shot to death by the Xuanming Death Ray in an instant.
When Luo Zheng moved, everyone immediately followed. The surroundings were all bright red. No one wanted to be shot to death by the Xuanming Death Ray. Almost like an instinctive reaction, they all moved closer to Luo Zheng. Even Meng Chong couldn't help but squeeze towards Luo Zheng's side …
"Yun Luo, what the hell is this thing? Is this a divine beast? Or a super divine beast? "Ling Yan couldn't help but ask.
Indeed, this unexpected exploration made Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Meng Chong, and the others feel a sense of crisis!
Yun Luo said faintly, "This is neither a divine beast nor a super divine beast. It's called the Vicious Scorpion, a type of vicious beast. It's the watchdog of hell."
"The watchdog of hell?" Everyone suddenly sucked in a breath of cold air.
Hell only existed in ancient books and myths. Whether it really existed or not was still unknown. Hearing Yun Luo's words, everyone was naturally surprised. Ling Yan immediately asked, "Does hell really exist?"
Yun Luo still kept walking forward, but she shook her head and answered ambiguously, "Hell may exist …"
What did she mean by "may exist"? Ling Yan also knew that Yun Luo was unwilling to answer her question. She also had no way to force Yun Luo to answer, but this answer at least sounded better than "I won't tell you."
"Where are we going now?" Luo Zheng stared at the huge vicious beast and asked.
"Forward," Yun Luo said faintly.
"But what's in front?" Luo Zheng asked. They couldn't walk into the abyss, right? Or maybe they could enter the mouth of this vicious beast?
Who knew that Yun Luo suddenly said, "Your jade butterfly will give you the answer!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed, "You know I have a jade butterfly?"