The gray-white spiral in Yun Luo's pupils kept spinning. It was so clear that it looked like two snowflakes were embedded in it.
"Yes, of course I know," Yun Luo said softly.
"Then you also know why I'm here?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yun Luo nodded, then stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I know very well, but you're just an outsider who doesn't know the truth."
"An outsider?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"Tian Miao's luck is not bad. I didn't expect him to wait for so many years and be willing to sacrifice his chance of reincarnation. In the end, someone from the Battle of the Worlds came," Yun Luo said seriously. "But he didn't tell you the whole story."
"What's the whole story?" Luo Zheng asked. Luo Zheng was not clear about this matter. He didn't even know what the inheritance he was looking for was.
Yun Luo said lightly, "You have your own path, so I don't recommend you get involved in this situation."
"What kind of situation is this?" Luo Zheng asked. From Yun Luo's tone, he seemed to be involved in a big dispute after coming to the Xuanming Cave from the Central Domain. Now it seemed that Xun's guess was probably right. This dispute was most likely an internal dispute among the human race, and it was a dispute in the Upper Realm. Tian Miao and Yun Luo were definitely not on the same side! However, Luo Zheng didn't know the whole story!
Yun Luo sighed faintly and said, "It's a dead end."
Luo Zheng's face darkened, then he said, "Can you explain it clearly?"
"It's not easy to explain," Yun Luo shook her head and took two steps closer to Luo Zheng. She took a deep breath, then a rare smile appeared on her face. "But you've already come this far, so you're also a participant. I just hope that after you inherit that thing, you'll make the right decision and understand the path you should take!"
"Of course I know what path I should take," Luo Zheng said seriously.
No matter what the situation was, no matter what dispute he was in, Luo Zheng would walk on his own path firmly. He would not be easily swayed by others. Whether Taoist Tian Miao or Yun Luo wanted to use him, it would depend on whether their paths conflicted with his.
As for whether the forces they represented were right or wrong, it didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng.
"That's true." Yun Luo nodded. "Those who possess the Battle of the Worlds walk their own paths. Changing your path is as difficult as changing the trajectory of the stars. Perhaps entering the Mysterious Underworld Cave … was originally your path, and I have unknowingly become your guide."
Yun Luo's words were too mysterious. Even Luo Zheng himself didn't understand, let alone the others.
........ is...... is....... is......
As the saying goes, a mountain is close to a dead horse. The abyss and the beast didn't seem far away, but after a long time, they only managed to get a little closer. The beast lying on the other side of the abyss also seemed to be getting bigger and bigger. It was impossible to estimate the size of the beast just by looking at it!
After flying close to the ground for four hours, the group finally reached the edge of the abyss.
Standing on the edge of the abyss, they instantly felt incomparably small!
Rather than calling it an abyss, it would be better to call it a gap left in the earth. Even a kingdom would not be able to fill this gap. The giant beast was lying on the other side of the abyss. Its huge and bloated body was covered with sharp spikes. Its long body stretched from the edge of the abyss to the endless darkness of the abyss. It was impossible to see the length of the giant beast with one's eyes.
Although Yun Luo said that the Ominous Beast called Ominous Scorpion was the watchdog of Hell, Luo Zheng thought that it didn't look like a dog at all. Instead, it looked more like a creature like a dragon or a snake!
"This huge abyss, could it be the abyss that leads to Hell?" A trace of fear appeared in Meng Chong's eyes.
After Meng Chong became a Battle-Saint, he had a beautiful vision for his future. After becoming a Battle-Saint, he couldn't leave the Tower of Sin because the outside of the Tower of Sin was the cursed land. With his cultivation, he would definitely die if he stepped in!
Moreover, it was impossible to build a teleportation array in the Tower of Sin. In other words, Meng Chong couldn't leave the Tower of Sin and the Mysterious Underworld Cave for the rest of his life.
However, this wasn't too much of a problem for Meng Chong. As long as he could enter the Tower of Sin, his strength would continuously break through. Not only could he break through the Battle-Saint Realm, but he could also step into the Divine Sea Realm or even higher!
Once he had more strength, he could take all the opportunities in the Mysterious Underworld Cave for his own use. At that time, leaving the cursed land wouldn't be too difficult.
Unfortunately, Meng Chong still underestimated the Mysterious Underworld Cave. He realized that even if he was ten times or a hundred times stronger than a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, it would still be very difficult for him to walk through the core area, let alone take all the opportunities here!
Yun Luo shook her head and coldly said, "Everyone thinks that Hell is a place where ghosts and monsters live. In reality, the so-called Hell is just a door."
"A door? Then this is … "Meng Chong asked again.
Yun Luo answered Meng Chong's question, "If you want to know where this abyss leads, you can try jumping in."
Meng Chong's fist-sized eyes widened. Not to mention jumping into the abyss, they were all covered by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. If they left Luo Zheng's orange barrier, they would be instantly killed by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray …
"What do we do now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Take out the Jade Butterfly," Yun Luo ordered.
Luo Zheng took out the Jade Butterfly from his Sumeru Ring. When he took out the Jade Butterfly, the flames that bloomed scared everyone and they subconsciously dodged to the side.
However, the flames didn't affect Luo Zheng much. The Jade Butterfly in his hand was like a dancing fairy. Sparks flew out from it and it was very eye-catching.
"Then?" Luo Zheng grabbed the Jade Butterfly and asked again.
"Throw it down," Yun Luo said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's face showed hesitation. Tian Miao had carefully handed the Jade Butterfly to him, but he came here just to throw it down?
Seeing Luo Zheng's hesitation, Yun Luo blinked and said indifferently, "Do you know why Tian Miao didn't tell you anything?"
"Why?"
Luo Zheng was also puzzled by this question!
At that time, Tian Miao only gave the Jade Butterfly to Luo Zheng and told him to go to the bottom of the Sin Tower to obtain an important inheritance. Then, he only sent Luo Zheng to the Sea God Continent. He didn't tell him anything else!
How to obtain the inheritance, how to enter the core area, and how to use the Jade Butterfly was also not mentioned.
Even if Luo Zheng's luck was very strong, even if he was a genius, it was impossible for him to guess how to use the Jade Butterfly …
Yun Luo faintly smiled and turned to ask Meng Chong, "Your demon race once had a peak war reverend called 'Xiu Ye'?"
Hearing this name, Meng Chong and Tian Hu nodded at the same time. Although the person Yun Luo spoke of wasn't strong, he was very famous in the Twin Devil Holy Land. Not to mention Meng Chong, even Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Ling Yan had heard of this person.
This was because this peak war reverend called Xiu Ye had controlled the Sin Tower for over a hundred years!
Generally speaking, the peak war reverends in the Sin Tower would do their best to suppress their cultivation and wait until they had accumulated enough Light of Good Fortune before leaving the Sin Tower to break through. This way, the effect of breaking through bottlenecks was very good, so the peak war reverends who walked out of the Sin Tower had almost no bottlenecks in breaking through to the War Sage stage!
However, suppressing one's cultivation was not an easy task. If one's cultivation was suppressed for a long time, it was also possible for one to naturally break through. Therefore, many peak war reverends felt that they were about to break through and would take the initiative to leave the Sin Tower and leave the Cursed Lands.
However, there was an anomaly in the demon race, and that was Xiu Ye!
At that time, Xiu Ye had suppressed his cultivation to the peak war reverend for over a hundred years. During these hundred years, he had always been the most powerful seat controller. It could be said that the demon race was able to control the Sin Tower because of Xiu Ye!
As for how Xiu Ye had firmly suppressed his cultivation to the peak war reverend for over a hundred years, it was a huge mystery to all living beings.