Because of Xiu Ye's existence, the other races had no chance at all in the Sin Tower. Even though the Demon Night Clan was innately strong, the Demon Race was able to suppress them until Liu Yu appeared.
However, the Demon Race's true decline in the Sin Tower was because of Xiu Ye. Not long after, Xiu Ye suddenly disappeared.
No one knew whether Xiu Ye was dead or alive. He just mysteriously disappeared in the Sin Tower. No one knew where he went.
From then on, when Xiu Ye had just disappeared, the Demon Race was still able to control the seats in the Tower of Sin. However, with the sudden rise of the Demon Night clan, the position of the first seat controller had always been held by the Demon Night clan. Until now, Ling Yan still held the position of first seat controller, while Meng Tian could only hold the position of second.
"Xiu Ye's disappearance is a great loss to our Demon Race." Meng Chong's expression was somewhat solemn. If Xiu Ye hadn't disappeared, the Demon Night Clan wouldn't have been able to suppress the Demon Race.
Yun Luo indifferently said, "Don't you feel that Xiu Ye's disappearance is strange?"
"Strange? Of course it's strange! " Meng Chong frowned. At this moment, he suddenly thought of something and stared blankly at Yun Luo. He stuttered, "Could, could it be … you?"
Yun Luo nodded and turned her head. She indifferently looked at the unimaginably huge beast in the distance and said, "I killed Xiu Ye. He has already turned into nourishment for the Sin Tower and his corpse has been completely absorbed by the Sin Tower."
"This …" Tian Hu was also speechless.
The reason Meng Chong guessed this was because he thought of the time when Xiu Ye disappeared. It was very close to the time when Yun Luo appeared.
When Yun Luo entered the first floor of the Sin Tower, her talent was already extremely terrifying. Naturally, she would be suppressed by the Demon Race! However, just like Liu Yu, Yun Luo's strength far exceeded the Demon Race's expectations. No matter how they attacked Yun Luo, she would always be able to defeat them!
As a result, Yun Luo easily climbed to the tenth floor of the Sin Tower.
Just as the Devil Race was preparing to suppress Yun Luo even more fiercely, Yun Luo did not choose to enter the Talent Stele. Moreover, she did not seem to have the intention to continue climbing. She stayed on the tenth floor. This action was not only out of the Human Race's expectations, but also out of the other races' expectations.
As long as Yun Luo didn't climb to the top, she wouldn't be a big threat to the demons. After enough observation, although the demons didn't understand Yun Luo's purpose, since she wasn't a big threat, they just let her be …
No one would have thought that this Tenth Order War General would quietly kill the Peak War Reverend of the Demon Clan, the strongest person who had controlled the Tower of Sin for over a hundred years.
"You, why did you want to kill Xiu Ye?" Although this matter had little to do with Meng Chong, it was impossible for Meng Chong not to be curious since they were of the same race.
Only then did Yun Luo shift the topic to the right path. "Because Xiu Ye was a puppet of Daoist Tian Miao. He was waiting for Luo Zheng in the Tower of Sin."
At this point, the mystery in front of Luo Zheng became clear. Tian Miao, who was far away in the Central Domain, didn't know that Xiu Ye was already dead. In Tian Miao's opinion, as long as Luo Zheng entered the Tower of Sin, Xiu Ye would definitely discover him immediately and then bring him into the Mysterious Underworld Cave to fulfill Tian Miao's last wish.
Therefore, Tian Miao didn't explain too much and only told him that he would understand after entering the Tower of Sin.
If Xiu Ye was still alive, Luo Zheng's climbing of the Tower of Sin would have been much smoother. At least, he wouldn't have been suppressed and attacked by the Demon Clan because protecting Luo Zheng to the top of the tower was Xiu Ye's mission.
However, Yun Luo had entered the Tower of Sin a step ahead of him and silently killed Xiu Ye. In this way, Yun Luo could only become his guide …
Yun Luo blinked her eyes and shifted her gaze to Luo Zheng's face. She then said, "If Xiu Ye had brought you here, he would have also made you throw the Jade Butterfly down because this was the only way to open the passage."
"I understand," Luo Zheng nodded.
He didn't know whether Yun Luo was telling the truth or not, nor could he distinguish between the forces represented by Yun Luo and Xiu Ye. Who was right and who was wrong? But no matter who was right and who was wrong, Luo Zheng would walk down his own path. Every step he took would leave a footprint. Only in this way could he walk further and his path be longer!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his hand and the burning Jade Butterfly in his hand freely fell down.
"Bang …"
The Jade Butterfly flickered with sparks as it hit the edge of the abyss and sank into the darkness. Its falling speed was extremely fast. At first, everyone could only see a small red dot, but it quickly disappeared into the darkness.
"What will happen if I throw it down?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Wait," Yun Luo spat out a word.
"How long do we have to wait?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yun Luo shook her head. "This abyss has no bottom, so I don't know where that thing grows …"
"The abyss has no bottom?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. "No matter how deep the abyss is, it must have a bottom!"
No matter how deep the abyss was, there should be a limit. A hundred miles long? A thousand miles long? Ten thousand miles long? It was impossible that there was no bottom …
Who knew that Xun, who had been silent all this time, would speak up. She smiled slightly. "If my guess is right, this should be an endless abyss. There is indeed no bottom. Someone once explored where this abyss leads to and how long it is, but after falling down for 1,400 years, he still didn't reach the bottom. Later, that person flew back from the abyss after 2,000 years …"
Yun Luo nodded. "That's indeed the case. And there is more than one abyss like this in the great wide world."
As soon as Xun's words came out, everyone except Yun Luo was shocked.
This abyss hadn't reached the bottom after falling for 400 years? How, how on earth was this abyss formed …
Everyone silently looked at the abyss in front of them. Looking at the pitch-black entrance, a sense of fear arose in their hearts for no reason. There were too many secrets in this world. Some of them were far from what they could understand at the moment!
However, there were indeed too many lunatics in this world! Someone was willing to spend more than 3,000 years to explore the length of this abyss!
After Luo Zheng threw the jade butterfly down, a full three hours had passed. Then, they heard a loud noise coming from the abyss.
"It's coming." Yun Luo turned her head and walked back. "Leave the edge of the abyss. It would be bad if we were sucked in by it."
The sound that came from the sound was like a clap of thunder, rumbling. Who knew what kind of behemoth was going to climb out of it?
Even if Yun Luo didn't say it, no idiot would stay beside the abyss. Everyone turned around and followed Luo Zheng, leaving the edge of the abyss and walking to a relatively safe place.
"What on earth is that thing?" Ling Yan asked.
No matter what it was, to be able to make such a big noise in this abyss, its size was probably not much smaller than the Ominous Beast called Fierce Scorpion …
"Actually, you've seen it before," Yun Luo replied.
"We've seen it before?" Everyone's expression suddenly changed.
Yun Luo nodded. "That thing is the plant that chased us all the way. Those plants are just its roots that extend from the ground. What's coming up now is its main body."
Xun sneered and said quickly, "It's a Southern Dipper Immortal Root!"
"What's the use of it climbing up?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo said, "You'll know soon enough."
As the roaring sound became louder and louder, it was like a clap of thunder in everyone's ears. Luo Zheng and the others had to use their zhenqi to temporarily seal their hearing. The thing in the abyss was getting closer and closer to the entrance of the abyss. Everyone's expression became more and more nervous. Such a loud sound actually didn't wake up the huge Ominous Beast! The Ominous Beast called Fierce Scorpion was still in a deep sleep!
"It's coming!" Yun Luo stared into the distance and said.
Soon, everyone saw a huge plant drill out of the abyss, and there was an extremely ugly face on the plant!
The most frightening thing was that this strange face was facing Luo Zheng and the others!
The monstrous face of this huge plant was not much smaller than the head of the incomparably huge scorpion. It was as big as a mountain. The two eyes on the monstrous face were firmly fixed on Luo Zheng and the others!
＝＝＝＝＝