At this moment, everyone's heart almost stopped beating.
Not to mention them, even Divine Sea Realm experts were like ants in front of this demonic creature. They had no resistance at all!
"Turn around. Don't look at it. Cover your ears." Yun Luo turned her head and turned her face to the side.
Everyone turned their heads. Many of them covered their faces. At this time, any resistance was superfluous …
"Roar!"
The Southern Dipper Immortal Root suddenly raised its head and roared. The loud sound caused the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave to tremble!
Many sharp stalagmites grew on the top of the Mysterious Underworld Cave's wall. Amidst this roar, they broke off one by one and then fell down heavily.
One of the stalagmites, more than twenty feet long, just happened to fall in the direction of the crowd. At this moment, Yun Luo's eyes flashed. She raised her hand and shot out a ray of light, instantly shattering that stalagmite into pieces.
This roar was fierce and long. It lasted for a full incense's time before gradually stopping.
Then, Yun Luo turned around and said, "The fierce scorpion has woken up …"
Everyone's expression was incomparably complicated. Although that giant beast had been sleeping, under such a terrifying roar, it was impossible to sleep …
Everyone turned around and looked. Sure enough, that giant beast had opened its eyes!
"Dong!"
When this fierce scorpion had just woken up, there was still a trace of laziness on its face. It seemed to have slept for too long. It even used its huge palm to wipe the top of its head. With this touch, the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray blooming above its head suddenly became several times stronger. The crimson light enveloped the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave, blooming with a red light more intense than the sun!
Ling Yan lowered her head and said, "Even that fog can't stop this Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. If there are other martial artists in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, they won't be able to escape now."
Fortunately, because of the chaotic tide this time, most of the martial artists should have returned to the Sin Tower. Only a small number of martial artists wanted to take advantage of the chaotic tide to obtain greater opportunities. Since these people dared to take the risk, they also had to accept the risk!
The fierce scorpion looked at the giant Southern Dipper Immortal Root in front of it and raised its huge head. Then, it suddenly opened its mouth and roared at the Southern Dipper Immortal Root.
"Roar!"
Yun Luo's expression changed. She suddenly said to Luo Zheng, "Hurry up, make a big hole!"
When the scorpion began to roar, a hurricane that could be seen with the naked eye began to form. Because the abyss was incomparably huge, although the hurricane was huge, it still needed a certain amount of time to blow over.
As soon as Yun Luo finished speaking, Luo Zheng and Meng Chong took the initiative to attack!
Luo Zheng had used all his strength, including the power of the dragon scales. Meng Chong was also charging forward without any regard for his own safety. Only God knew how powerful the hurricane produced by this roar was. It would be fine if he was swept away like this, but the problem was that if he left Luo Zheng's side, he would be shot to death by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray on the head of the vicious scorpion.
"Peng peng peng …"
Due to the bombardment from the two of them, a 10-zhang-wide crater appeared beneath their feet. No one thought too much about it and they jumped down at almost the same time.
After entering the huge pit, Luo Zheng and Meng Chong continued to dig downwards, digging another 30 meters deep...
After doing this three times in a row, everyone had already sunk into the 30-zhang-deep crater.
Just as everyone steadied themselves at the bottom of the crater, before they could take a breath, they heard the sound of turbulent wind coming from above their heads! The sound of the wind swept past the crater above their heads, and a part of the wind blew in, hitting everyone's faces like a knife cutting through them!
Zhao Fenqin and the others immediately circulated their Protective True Essence, but Tian Hu's movements were slower. As a result, his body was cut by the strong wind, and he looked terrible!
"I wonder if this depth will work?" Luo Zheng looked up nervously!
Everyone saw that the edge of the crater was constantly being shaved off by the strong wind. Layer by layer, it collapsed and was then swept away by the strong wind behind it!
In a few breaths' time, the 30-zhang-deep crater was quickly flattened...
"Continue to go down!" Meng Chong shouted and punched downwards again.
Luo Zheng didn't stop. The others also attacked together and continued to bombard the ground.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
The crater above their heads was constantly being shaved off by the strong wind. Everyone also continued to bombard downwards, hiding even deeper in order to avoid the strong wind above them!
The scorpion's roar was many times louder than the Southern Dipper Immortal Root's roar. With just one roar, the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave was in chaos...
On the tenth floor of the Sin Tower, Purple Jade of the Demon Night Clan had just walked out of the Talent Stele. After taking the Talent Stele's test, her talent actually ranked on the third floor! This result was already very dazzling in the Demon Night Clan!
Right now, the Demon Night Clan's best result in the Sin Tower was her. However, Purple Jade didn't look happy at all. Instead, she was endlessly depressed and lonely.
When she first entered the Sin Tower, she had vowed to challenge Luo Zheng and defeat Luo Zheng. However, when she saw Luo Zheng's golden name, it was as if she was laughing at herself for overestimating herself...
She simply didn't have the qualifications to consider Luo Zheng her opponent!
Purple Jade clenched her teeth. She held her weapon and continued to walk towards the arena. She would never admit defeat. Even if Luo Zheng's talent was greater than hers, she would still work ten times harder. One day, she would be able to surpass Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Moreover, Luo Zheng's speed of improvement was extremely fast. He had already climbed to the fourteenth floor, so she didn't have the chance to challenge Luo Zheng...
Just as Purple Jade walked towards the arena, a violent tremor suddenly came from beneath her feet. Then, a deep roar sounded. It was actually a roar that came from underground!
At this moment, all the beings of the various clans looked at each other with nervous expressions!
Everyone knew that below the Sin Tower, or rather, below the entire Cursed Land, was the Mysterious Underworld Cave. But what was with such a loud roar?
Could it be that some demonic creature had approached the Sin Tower?
"What, what kind of monster is roaring? It's so loud. Heavens!"
"The people who entered the Mysterious Underworld Cave this time are going to be miserable. It seems that there's something strange in the Mysterious Underworld Cave again …"
"You don't know. This time, there was a chaotic tide. Most of the peak War Reverends have already retreated. Only a small portion of people are still inside!"
"I heard that Luo Zheng hasn't returned. Even Ling Yan from the Demon Night Clan hasn't returned! It seems that they're going to die inside this time! "
That violent roar continued for a long time, causing the entire Sin Tower to tremble!
In reality, it wasn't just the Sin Tower that felt the roar. The entire Cursed Land could hear it. Two hours later, the violent roar even spread throughout the entire Sea God Continent!
In the Sky Feather Holy Land, Liu Yu was standing at the top of a huge Holy Tree. She was wearing a purple robe. At this moment, her pointy ears were completely erect. When the violent roar spread out from the ground, the entire Holy Tree of the Yao Night Clan began to tremble.
The Sacred Tree had a soul. It uneasily told Liu Yu its fear. At this moment, all the beings in the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Ground were uneasy. It was as if doomsday had arrived.
"Don't be afraid, don't be afraid …" Liu Yu gently stroked the treetop and softly communicated with the Sacred Tree, comforting the Sacred Tree's uneasiness.
It wasn't just the Sky Feather Sacred Ground. The Human Race's Purple Heart Sacred Ground, the Demon Race's Twin Demon Sacred Ground, the Night Clan's Eternal Night Sacred Ground, and all the beings in the various Sacred Grounds were immersed in uneasiness and fear …
A full two thousand feet!
In a short period of time, Luo Zheng and Meng Chong continuously hammered into the ground. They dug a two thousand feet deep hole. The rocks and soil that fell from above almost buried everyone inside!
But even though they were hidden in such a deep hole, it still didn't ease the uneasiness in their hearts. This roar was simply too exaggerated!