Under the twisting winds, the soil around the abyss was shaved off by more than a thousand feet.
Even though everyone had dug a two-thousand-feet-deep pit, it was only a small pit of about a hundred feet under the twisting winds …
The hearts of everyone who climbed out of the small pit were still beating violently. They were very lucky to be able to survive this roar.
As soon as they climbed out of the small pit, they saw a fierce battle taking place above the abyss!
After the fierce scorpion finished roaring, it charged toward the Southern Dipper Immortal Root. The Southern Dipper Immortal Root was also very fierce. Even with such a terrifying roar, it did not suffer any damage. Instead, it twisted its roots that were as thick as a mountain, raised its ugly head, and charged toward the fierce scorpion.
"Bang!"
The fierce scorpion looked huge and simple, but its movements were surprisingly agile. Just as the Southern Dipper Immortal Root stretched its head over, the fierce scorpion slapped the Southern Dipper Immortal Root's head.
The sound of this slap was like hundreds of thunderbolts exploding at the same time.
Luo Zheng and the others could only temporarily seal their ears. Otherwise, this slap would definitely deafen them …
"Roar!"
After being slapped, the Southern Dipper Immortal Root turned its head and continued charging toward the fierce scorpion. Then, it slapped again.
If this slap had been used on the Sea God Continent, it would probably have been able to shatter an entire mountain range …
"Bang …"
"Bang …"
"Bang …"
After a few consecutive slaps, the fierce Southern Dipper Immortal Root finally showed signs of defeat. It seemed that it was no match for the fierce scorpion!
Xun glanced at Luo Zheng and transmitted her voice to him. "This Southern Dipper Immortal Root is actually a kind of vegetable."
"Vegetable?" Luo Zheng stared intently at the battle between the giant beasts and asked blankly.
"Yes, a kind of vegetable used to feed super divine beasts. If you don't believe me, ask Qinglong in your mind." Xun suddenly smiled and transmitted her voice.
Luo Zheng was indeed curious. "Qinglong, is that so?"
"Don't listen to her nonsense! I've been fasting for many years! "Qinglong refused to admit it.
"What about before fasting?" Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng suddenly asked with a smile.
"Before I reach inedia, I won't eat this either!" Qinglong chuckled and denied, "Our True Dragon Realm is rich in natural resources. The Southern Dipper Immortal Root is a great tonic, but its taste … Only fierce beasts like the scorpions can endure it. Why would we True Dragons eat such an ugly thing?"
Actually, what Xun said was right. The size of a divine beast was not bad. An ordinary divine beast was not much bigger than the flood dragon puppet Luo Zheng had seen before. However, divine beasts were often as big as a continent. The amount of food these super divine beasts needed to grow up was astonishing!
Although Super Divine Beasts could capture other Super Divine Beasts as their food, but Super Divine Beasts were a minority in many big worlds. Moreover, the strength of other Super Divine Beasts was not weak. All Super Divine Beasts were at the top of the food chain, but before they could fast, it was very difficult for them to find enough food.
Therefore, most Super Divine Beasts basically relied on vegetarians to grow up …
A huge Southern Dipper Immortal Root like this was one of the food for these huge fierce beasts.
Soon, the Southern Dipper Immortal Root was subdued by the scorpions. The scorpions stretched out their claws, strangled the roots of the Southern Dipper Immortal Root, and opened their huge mouth!
"What do we do now?" Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo.
Everyone looked at Yun Luo pitifully. They were also tortured and scared by the scene in front of them. Even though Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan, and the others had cultivated through the Gate of Reincarnation, their moods were still in a mess. The impact of this level of battle was really too strong!
It was just that when Yun Luo had promised to lead everyone out of the fog, they did not expect to come to this place. This was not even half the same as walking out of the fog, right?
"Hold on tight! Everyone, hold on tight to Luo Zheng! "After saying that, Yun Luo reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo strangely, but did not understand the meaning behind her words.
The others also did not understand, but at this time, everyone followed Yun Luo's words like a conditioned reflex!
Ling Yan also reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng's arm. The other peak War Reverends also quickly grabbed onto their hands and arms.
Meng Chong's reaction was not slow either. He grabbed onto Luo Zheng's neck.
"Hey, hey …" Being firmly held in such a chaotic manner, Luo Zheng felt uncomfortable all over. However, Luo Zheng's resistance was useless. At this time, saving their lives was more important. Who would be willing to listen to Luo Zheng's words?
The last one, Tianhu, was more embarrassed. Luo Zheng was already tightly surrounded by everyone. There was no gap left for him. In desperation, Tianhu could only hug Meng Chong … Even if he could not catch Luo Zheng, he could still catch Meng Chong.
As for Xun, she directly stuffed the long spear into Luo Zheng's sumeru ring. Then, she turned into a little sword spirit and drilled into Luo Zheng's body.
Just as everyone was ready, they heard the sound of wind whistling in their ears …
"Huff, huff …"
A huge suction force was released from the scorpion's mouth.
Just like the gust of wind that blew out just now, they did not have the ability to resist this suction force!
Almost in an instant, everyone's feet left the ground and were directly pulled into the sky above the abyss. Everyone tightly grabbed onto Luo Zheng and kept tumbling in the air, flying towards the scorpion's big mouth!
"What, what's going on!" Meng Chong was shocked and angry. He roared at Yun Luo. He never thought that Yun Luo wanted everyone to hold on tightly to be sucked into the scorpion's mouth. Wasn't this sending them to their deaths?
"Yun Luo, what the hell is going on?" Even Ling Yan, who was always calm, had an ugly expression at this time.
If they had continued to dig underground and hid in the big pit, they could have avoided being sucked into the scorpion's mouth. Now that they were swallowed by the scorpion, they would not even be enough to fill the gaps between its teeth. Wouldn't everyone be dead?
Zhao Fenqin also cried out with a sad face, "This time we are definitely dead … Yun Luo, didn't you say that you would lead us out of the fog? How did we walk into the mouth of this monster? "
Yun Luo blinked her eyes. Facing everyone's questioning, her expression did not change at all. Instead, she said faintly, "If we want to leave the fog, we must enter its mouth. I did not do anything wrong. In fact, I had already planned to do so."
"Can you give us a hint first …" Zhou Zhuohe tightly held onto Luo Zheng's arm and said with a conflicted expression.
"There's no need. You may not die if you do as I say, but if you don't do as I say, you will definitely die!" Yun Luo blinked her eyes and slightly tilted her head. Her small nose sniffed Luo Zheng's chest. At this time, she actually had the leisure to smell Luo Zheng's body.
Only Luo Zheng said with a bitter smile, "I say … can you guys be a little gentler? My bones are about to fall apart!"
How could everyone be willing to listen to Luo Zheng? As soon as they let go, they would immediately be shot to death by the Xuanming Death Ray. This was a matter of life and death, so naturally, Luo Zheng held on tightly. Everyone continuously fluttered and spun in the air above the abyss, heading towards the scorpion's big mouth to suck. As the scorpion opened its mouth, the Southern Dipper Immortal Root was also sucked into its big mouth piece by piece.
For the Southern Dipper Immortal Root, the scorpion's big mouth could be called a mouth. However, for Luo Zheng and the others, the scorpion's big mouth was like a huge cave that was tens of thousands of feet high. Even if ten mountain ranges were placed side by side, they could still be stuffed into the scorpion's mouth!
To Fierce Scorpion, Luo Zheng's group wasn't even an ant, or even a speck of dust. In Fierce Scorpion's eyes, Luo Zheng's group didn't even exist, they were just too insignificant …
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Some huge rocks that were as wide as ten feet were also sucked into the scorpion's mouth. Some of these huge rocks directly hit Luo Zheng and the others, but before these huge rocks could hit them, they were immediately neutralized by Yun Luo's finger light and the attacks of Meng Chong and the others …
After flying above the abyss for a while, everyone finally entered the scorpion's big mouth. Just as they entered the big mouth, a strange scene occurred. The True Essence in everyone's body suddenly and strangely disappeared! Meng Chong and Tianhu's expressions changed greatly. The Vital Essence in their bodies also disappeared!
Luo Zheng, who cultivated both energy and body, was naturally in the same situation. Whether it was True Essence or Vital Essence, they all disappeared without a trace at the same time.
Although everyone was constantly tumbling in the air, they still relied on their True Essence to stabilize their bodies. Now that their True Essence suddenly disappeared, they were immediately blown around by the turbulence and finally fell heavily into the darkness!