Whether it was Meng Chong or Ling Yan, the reason why they were powerful was because they relied on their true essence and vital essence.
After losing these things, their bodies were only slightly stronger than ordinary creatures. Bumping into each other in the darkness, everyone was dizzy from the fall.
And the crab ornament on Luo Zheng's chest, because it lost its true essence, the orange light cover also completely disappeared.
Fortunately, the Mysterious Death Ray that blossomed from the head of the vicious scorpion could not illuminate here, otherwise, everyone would have been instantly shot to death by that red light …
Under the unceasing tumbling, everyone could no longer hold onto Luo Zheng's body. One by one, they scattered, unceasingly tumbling downwards.
The space inside this giant beast was so large that it was far beyond everyone's imagination.
The length of the vicious scorpion's entire body was unknown, because it had been lying on the edge of this abyss. Its huge body extended all the way to the bottom of the abyss, but just the part that appeared before everyone's eyes was already indescribably huge.
Luo Zheng was still fine. Although he bumped into each other along the way, there was nothing here that was harder than Luo Zheng's body. Even if the giant stone that was sucked into the vicious scorpion's stomach hit his body, he was still unscathed. On the contrary, he could directly smash that giant stone into pieces.
As for the others, at this time, their days were difficult. For example, Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and the others were unable to circulate their true essence. Naturally, they also did not have true essence to protect their bodies. A single stone smashing over could make their scalps bleed!
Fortunately, the inner walls of this vicious scorpion were soft. Otherwise, under this kind of bumping, they really would have been smashed to death!
Along the way down, they had spent a few incense sticks worth of time. Following Ling Yan's muffled sound, everyone also fell to the bottom one after another. After passing through that dark passage, everyone was surprised to find that there was actually light in this vicious scorpion's stomach, as if there was another world.
Only, apart from Luo Zheng, the others did not have the mind to investigate their surroundings for the time being.
Aside from Yun Luo, the other people's bodies were more or less bruised. The one with the most serious injuries was unexpectedly Ling Yan. Her body was lacerated with several wounds, and a part of her clothes was dyed red with blood.
Even Meng Chong and Tianhu, who were known for their strong bodies, were not in a good condition. Tianhu was limping as he crawled up from the ground, while Meng Chong's face was swollen, making him look extremely comical!
On the other hand, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe did not seem to be seriously injured.
However, although these wounds looked serious, they were nothing to the cultivators. They could only be regarded as superficial wounds. After taking out healing medicines and swallowing them, they began to observe their surroundings.
Luo Zheng and Yun Luo stood not far away, observing the surroundings.
The environment in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach was far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. It was as large and open as the Mysterious Cave. However, it was still a cave. If they kept flying upwards, they would hit the ceiling of the cave.
Therefore, even though they were in such a large Mysterious Cave, it still gave them a cramped feeling. The dim, grayish yellow environment constantly reminded them that they were still in a cave. However, this cave was extremely large, so large that it occupied a considerable area of the entire Sea God Continent.
It was reasonable to say that although the space in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach was large, it was not as large as the Mysterious Cave. After all, the Fierce Scorpion was also in the Mysterious Cave. Although its size was large, it was still much smaller than the Mysterious Cave.
However, the space here seemed to be boundless. Even the sky was blue. It was a completely different world! Moreover, there were mountains, rivers, and plants in this world. Looking at it, it was no different from the Boundless Universe …
"Why is there such a world in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "Yes, this is the Small Thousand World in the Fierce Scorpion's stomach."
"There's a Small Thousand World in its stomach?" Luo Zheng asked with a face full of astonishment. Luo Zheng had also been to the Small Thousand World at the top of the Tower of Sin. When he was there, he could freely construct the environment inside. The 128 Small Thousand Worlds at the top should have been constructed by the original owner of the Tower of Sin.
At this time, Ling Yan had already changed her clothes, and the wounds on her body had also been treated. After walking over, she said: "It is said that after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, the True Essence in the body will transform into an ocean, shrouded in a hazy True Essence mist, forming a world of its own. That is why it is called the Divine Sea Realm. It is just that the body of a Divine Sea Realm warrior is still unable to nurture terrestrial creatures. Only after reaching a higher level, will a world of its own gradually form.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "It is indeed so. In the Small Thousand Worlds within the bodies of some of the strongest in the Upper Realm, there are even their own countries. There are tens of millions of creatures inside, and there are even wars …"
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng felt even more amazed. Nurturing their own world in the body? The creatures inside could even cultivate?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly had a flash of inspiration. He thought of the entire universe and the numerous Boundless Worlds. Could it be that they were also in the body of a certain creature? Thinking of this, Luo Zheng also voiced his doubts.
Before Yun Luo could speak, Xun had already flashed out of Luo Zheng's body. He smiled slightly and replied, "No one can answer this question of yours!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"We have been searching for the answer to your guess for who knows how many billions of years, but no one can solve it." Xun shook his head and said.
If Luo Zheng could think of this question, there was no reason that the strongest in the Upper Realm could not think of it. Someone had long thought of this. After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, one's body could form a Deity Sea of its own. As one's cultivation increased, the Deity Sea would slowly expand. Heaven and Earth would appear and slowly nurture creatures. Under this inference, the entire universe could also be in the body of a certain creature.
Unfortunately, countless people in the Upper Realm had searched for the exit of the entire universe, but no one had been able to find the exit of the entire universe. Some people also thought that this hypothesis was very stupid and was completely fabricated …
"This is not the problem we should be concerned about now. Yun Luo, what should we do next?" Meng Chong strode over and asked with an unfriendly expression.
In this Boundless World, all Vital Spirit and Vital Spirit were prohibited. The only thing everyone could rely on now was their own physical bodies. The pair of black wings behind Meng Chong's back had disappeared. One could imagine the sense of crisis in his heart!
Who knew that Yun Luo would not care about Meng Chong at all. She only said coldly, "Come with me."
Meng Chong did not have the patience. He reached out his large hand to grab Yun Luo. However, the moment he reached out, Yun Luo's figure suddenly swayed. She turned around on her wooden clogs and climbed onto Meng Chong's thick arm!
After taking two steps on Meng Chong's arm, she reached out her hands to grab Meng Chong's forearm and pressed down hard with the help of her body's center of gravity.
"Crack!"
Everyone heard the sound of bones shattering. Meng Chong's thick arm was powerlessly tilted to the side. At the same time, Meng Chong's blood-curdling screams could be heard.
Tianhu's expression changed. He wanted to rush over, but Yun Luo jumped down from Meng Chong's arm. Her petite figure contrasted sharply with Meng Chong's huge body. Yun Luo coldly glanced at Tianhu and said, "If you want to leave here and return to the Sin Tower alive, don't talk nonsense!"
With a twist of Yun Luo's arm, Meng Chong's arm was broken. Everyone was shocked.
No matter how powerful Yun Luo was, she was only a Tenth Rank Warlord. To be able to break Meng Chong's arm in one move, this …
Yun Luo didn't care about the gazes of the people around her. She just walked forward alone. Meng Chong could only drag his broken arm. He took out a pill from his pocket and swallowed it. Even if the effect of the healing pill was really good, it would take a few days for his broken arm to completely heal.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a glimmer of light.
After entering the giant beast's stomach, everyone could not rely on their True Essence and Vital Essence. Therefore, the only thing that could work here was the lowest level of martial arts.
What Yun Luo used just now was the most commonly used "Soft Arts". Even though Yun Luo's strength was far inferior to Meng Chong's, Yun Luo easily broke Meng Chong's arm with her technique …
＝＝＝＝＝