Meng Chong didn't say anything. In the Mysterious Underworld Cave, he still had strength to rely on.
But with his Vital Essence completely blocked, he couldn't use his current strength. At this time, he could only grit his teeth and endure!
In front of them was an empty wilderness. Other than some short plants, there was nothing else.
But this didn't mean that they were relaxed in the slightest. In this damned place, no one could predict what kind of demon would appear in the next moment!
Everyone followed behind Yun Luo on foot. Only Xun was like a ghost, floating beside Luo Zheng. Everyone couldn't fly, but Xun was an exception. She was Luo Zheng's sword spirit, so she didn't have any weight to speak of. Although this Spirit Dimension restricted true essence and Vital Essence, it had little effect on Xun.
Just as everyone was moving forward, Yun Luo's footsteps suddenly slowed down and soon stopped.
"What's the matter?" Ling Yan immediately asked vigilantly.
After losing their true essence, a martial artist was equivalent to a tiger without its fangs. If they encountered a slightly more powerful demon, they would find it difficult to resist.
Yun Luo's gaze was focused not far ahead. Behind a haystack, a simple and fat tiger poked its head out. Its two soybean-sized eyes were sizing up Luo Zheng's group of "strangers."
"It's just a mouse," Meng Chong sneered.
"Be careful of those fierce mice," Yun Luo suddenly reminded.
"Be careful?"
At this time, everyone was indeed a little jittery. What's more, after this adventure, everyone understood Yun Luo's personality. She wouldn't remind others of something that seemed very dangerous. But now, she actually reminded everyone to be careful. What they were about to face must be especially dangerous …
Everyone looked around vigilantly. Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe had already drawn their swords.
"There are more mice around …" Zhao Fenqin was keenly aware that almost every haystack had three or four silly mice behind it.
"It's just a group of mice. There's no need to be so nervous," Zhou Zhuohe said, shaking his head.
"It's coming," Yun Luo said.
At this moment, everyone heard a squeaking sound. The sound was unusually sharp and rhythmic, as if it was saying something.
As soon as the squeaking sound came out, the seemingly simple and honest fierce rats hidden behind the haystack suddenly became restless. Their bean-sized black eyes suddenly emitted an endless ominous glint, and the hair on their entire body stood up, as if they were spikes standing on their ends!
"Creak creak creak …"
All of the rats rushed out of their caves. In the blink of an eye, the plains were covered with these rats!
Some of the rats closest to them had already rushed towards Luo Zheng and the others!
"Hmph, since when do rats dare to be fierce?" Meng Chong took two steps forward. One of his arms had been broken by Yun Luo, but he still had the other hand that could move. Meng Chong raised his large foot and ruthlessly stomped on the rats that were swarming toward him!
Meng Chong's feet were covered in steel boots made from black iron. With his massive body, even if he didn't use astral essence, he could still create a large crater in the ground!
"Peng!"
However, these fierce rats were abnormally agile. Without being able to use astral essence, Meng Chong's foot missed!
The five or six fierce rats instantly scattered and scuttled on Meng Chong's body. Some of them even directly drilled into Meng Chong's armor and began to bite his flesh!
A sharp pain came. Meng Chong endured the pain and cursed angrily while reaching out to grab his body. With great difficulty, he finally caught a fierce rat. Then, he ruthlessly smashed the rat into the ground, smashing it into meat paste!
These fierce rats were abnormally agile, but there was nothing special about them.
The problem was that there were more and more fierce rats in front of them. There was a large black mass around them. If they could use their astral essence, any one of them could instantly kill these fierce rats!
However, everyone's astral essence was blocked. How could they deal with so many fierce rats?
"We can only rush over. Standing in place is just waiting for death." As Ling Yan spoke, a flywheel appeared in her hand. That flywheel nimbly spun in her hand, and all of the vicious rats that approached her were all strangled to death one by one.
"Let's go!" Zhao Fenqin's sword flashed and instantly pierced through dozens of fierce rats.
Everyone madly rushed forward! However, Meng Chong and Tianhu's movements were very awkward. Both of them were wearing heavy armor. This armor had cost a lot of gold to make. In the outside world, it could certainly increase their defense, but now it seemed a bit cumbersome. Not only was it cumbersome, but the more troublesome thing was that many fierce rats had drilled into their armor and were biting them …
Although they couldn't use their astral essence, everyone's movement speed wasn't slow. After all, after entering the Xiantian realm, their bodies had undergone a refinement.
However, the area of this wilderness wasn't small. Now, the entire wilderness was filled with these fierce rats. An endless stream of fierce rats drilled out of their caves, covering the entire wilderness. Just looking at it made one's scalp tingle. If they were trapped by these fierce rats, they would probably be gnawed into skeletons.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's long sword slashed out, and a fierce sword flower immediately cut dozens of fierce rats in two. However, there were hundreds of fierce rats on the side, forming a black wave that covered Luo Zheng.
Almost in an instant, Luo Zheng was covered by these fierce rats.
"Luo Zheng!" Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were shocked.
Yun Luo frowned, but didn't go to help.
Ling Yan was also surrounded by hundreds of fierce rats, and didn't have time to help.
Although Meng Chong and Tianhu were bitten by the fierce rats, the demon race's physique was huge. Relying on their huge bodies, they jumped up and stomped their feet heavily on the ground. The huge impact was enough to throw the fierce rats off their bodies.
Now, when Meng Chong saw Luo Zheng being pushed down by the fierce rats, his face revealed a trace of a sinister smile. Meng Chong really wanted to kill Luo Zheng, but they were in the same boat, so he really didn't have the opportunity to do so. If Luo Zheng was bitten into skeletons by the fierce rats, that would be the best result.
While floating on the side, Xun, who was constantly stabbing the fierce rats with his long spear, blinked his eyes and revealed a faint smile on his face. It seemed that he wasn't worried about Luo Zheng's safety.
This damned place indeed restricted everyone's True Essence and Vital Essence, but Xun knew the secret of Luo Zheng's body. Even an ordinary immortal tool couldn't leave a scar on Luo Zheng's body. Not to mention the teeth of these fierce rats, the threat to Luo Zheng was close to zero.
More and more fierce rats were pouncing on Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng's figure could no longer be seen. All that could be seen was a large group of fierce rats tightly surrounding Luo Zheng. Moreover, the number of fierce rats pouncing on Luo Zheng was constantly increasing, and the "hill" formed by the fierce rats was getting bigger and bigger!
"Go save Luo Zheng!" Even now, Zhao Fenqin didn't forget his mission. After killing more than a dozen fierce rats with one sword strike, he rushed toward Luo Zheng. Zhou Zhuohe also followed closely behind.
But before they could reach Luo Zheng, Xun waved her long spear and blocked Zhao Fenqin's way.
"What do you mean? If we don't save him, Luo Zheng will really be bitten into skeletons! " Zhao Fenqin said anxiously, but he was puzzled. Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit. If Luo Zheng died, she would also dissipate between heaven and earth. But now, she didn't seem to be worried at all.
Xun said, "Don't worry, nothing will happen!"
As soon as she finished speaking, everyone saw that the hill suddenly began to surge, and they heard an extremely dull muffled sound.
"Boom!"
Thousands of rats that were pouncing on Luo Zheng's body were sent flying at the same time. They fell in all directions. Without exception, all the rats that fell to the ground had their internal organs shattered. They spat out mouthfuls of blood and died!
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng again, only to see that Luo Zheng's clothes had been completely torn apart by the fierce rats. However, his whole body was clean, and there wasn't a trace of injury on it.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng's naked body and blinked her eyes, as if she was thinking about how Luo Zheng could resist the roars of those rats. Ling Yan and Xun also stared at Luo Zheng unscrupulously. There were more men than women in the Demon Night Clan, and women were the absolute leaders in the clan, so there was naturally no distinction between men and women.