Although Luo Zheng's Vital Spirit and Vital Spirit were blocked, he could still borrow the power of the dragon scales in his body.
Just by using the power of over a hundred dragon scales, the fierce rats that were attached to Luo Zheng's body were directly shaken to death by such a huge tremor!
For Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and the others, these rats might be a big problem, but for Luo Zheng, it was not a big problem. At least, these rats could not cause any harm to him.
In this group of ferocious rats, everyone fought as they walked, forcefully carving out a bloody path.
However, at this moment, the sound of drums suddenly came from the distance in the wilderness.
"Bang bang bang …"
When the drums began to beat, Luo Zheng and the others immediately heard the squeaking sound again!
After the squeaking sound, all the rats that were rushing towards Luo Zheng and the others immediately fled in all directions. They drilled into the ground and ran away in a moment!
"That sound should be the rat king of these rats." Luo Zheng looked at the scattered rat corpses behind him, forming a long black line on the ground.
After a while, dozens of black shadows rushed towards Luo Zheng in the sky above the wilderness.
Because they were still far away, the others could not clearly see the faces of these black shadows. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a blue light, and his eyes suddenly turned green. He frowned and said, "These guys can actually fly!"
The ones flying in the air were not humans, nor were they demons, nor were they demons. Luo Zheng had never seen such creatures before. These creatures were covered in a layer of green scales, and they all held a long spear in their hands. In an instant, Luo Zheng and the others were surrounded.
The leader of the group glanced at Luo Zheng and the others, then pointed his long spear at Luo Zheng from a distance. He looked down at Luo Zheng from high up in the air and kept uttering strange sounds. Luo Zheng couldn't understand what he was saying.
Luo Zheng and the others looked at each other in dismay. They were all at a loss. At this time, they didn't dare to act rashly.
Now it seemed that although the Spirit Aether and Vital Spirit were blocked in this Spirit Space, there seemed to be other ways to cultivate. It was just that Luo Zheng and the others did not know how to do it.
"What are these things?" Zhao Fenqin asked with a frown.
Ling Yan shook her head. "Perhaps, they are the original inhabitants of this world."
"What do we do now? It seems like … they want to attack us, "Meng Chong said in a muffled voice. Just now, he had been bitten by those fierce rats. Ever since he entered the scorpion's body, he had been suffering!
"What's there to be afraid of? If they dare to make a move, we'll fight it out with them! "Tian Hu glared at the creatures in the air and said.
Everyone looked at Tianhu as if he was an idiot …
These creatures did not seem to have high cultivation levels, but their cultivation systems were completely different. It was impossible to tell how strong they were. Moreover, the other party could fly in the sky. Just this point alone made them very passive.
At this time, one of the green-skinned people suddenly stopped talking. He raised his protruding ears and quietly listened.
Everyone was puzzled by this green-skinned person's actions. They saw him suddenly wave the long spear in his hand and fiercely swing it towards the ground. Suddenly, an invisible wave swept out from his long spear, and that wave continuously tore the ground apart!
"Pa pa pa pa pa …"
The ground instantly split apart, and a crack of more than ten feet extended not far away. When this crack extended to the end, it suddenly produced a violent explosion!
"Bang!"
The impact of the explosion immediately lifted the soil several feet high. From the crack, a yellow ferocious rat was ejected, squeaking in the air.
The green-skinned person's face lit up. He instantly rushed over and grabbed the yellow fierce rat in his hand. No matter how much the fierce rat wriggled in his hand, it could not break free from the green-skinned person's grasp.
"This fierce rat should be the rat king of that group of fierce rats just now," Luo Zheng said solemnly when he saw the green-skinned person make a move.
"Yes, yes … It should be this fierce rat that ordered the other fierce rats to attack us," Zhao Fenqin said quietly.
Everyone's thoughts were obviously not on the rat king, but on the green-skinned person's strength. It was beyond everyone's imagination!
If everyone could still use their True Essence or Vital Essence, they could easily use that attack just now. It would not be difficult to use an attack ten times stronger than this one.
However, in a situation where they could not use their True Essence, Ling Yan could not do it, and Zhao Fenqin could not do it either! Seeing this scene, Tianhu finally understood how naive his thoughts were just now …
Luo Zheng's expression was similarly unsightly. Although he had lost his True Essence and Vital Essence, he still had his magic treasure body and brute force to use. If he had to fight these green-skinned people to the death, he still had a chance of winning. However, it seemed that these green-skinned people were only the vanguard. There must be even more powerful green-skinned people behind them.
The green-skinned person caught the rat king and began to communicate with the other green-skinned people. After they finished talking, these green-skinned people looked at Luo Zheng and the others with killing intent on their faces.
How sharp were the senses of Luo Zheng and the others? They immediately understood that they had to make a move. They were not people who would sit and wait for death. When they had to fight with their lives on the line, they did not hesitate at all.
Luo Zheng's hand was already on his sumeru ring. As soon as he made a move, he would immediately take out the broken flying dagger from the ring. Even if he used brute force to shoot the flying dagger, Luo Zheng was confident that he could kill one or two green-skinned people in an instant!
At this moment, Yun Luo suddenly raised her head and said, "Nuo Nuo, ah, Tile House …"
Hearing these words suddenly come out of Yun Luo's mouth, the others were stunned. They did not expect Yun Luo to understand the language of these green-skinned people!
As soon as Yun Luo spoke, the green-skinned people's faces also showed astonishment. They looked at each other, and then one of them opened his mouth to reply to Yun Luo.
Yun Luo spoke again, as if arguing with the green-skinned people.
After a moment of silence, the green-skinned people took out a large net from their backs and threw it at everyone.
Ling Yan and the others were about to dodge the net, but they heard Yun Luo say, "Don't dodge!"
"What do you mean?" Ling Yan asked with a sullen face.
Everyone was more and more dissatisfied with Yun Luo. It was obvious that Yun Luo was leading them into an increasingly dangerous situation.
"I'll convince them not to kill us, but they'll hold us captive for the time being," Yun Luo replied.
"What happens after you're held captive?" Zhao Fenqin asked.
At this time, the large net had already wrapped everyone up.
However, this large net could trap Luo Zheng and the others, but it could not trap Xun … … She easily shuttled out of the net.
One of the green-skinned people pointed at Xun and said something. Xun blinked her eyes. She was definitely not a good-tempered person. Just as she was about to stab her spear without any explanation, Yun Luo suddenly said to Xun, "Xun, stop."
"What do you mean? I have no reason to listen to you. "Xun did not like Yun Luo to begin with, so how could she listen to her?
"If you want Luo Zheng to leave this place safely, you have to listen to me," Yun Luo reiterated.
As soon as these words were spoken, Xun lost her temper. She naturally did not want Luo Zheng to be trapped here for the rest of his life. In the end, she stabbed her spear into Luo Zheng's chest and stuffed it into his sumeru ring. Then, she turned into dots of red light and entered Luo Zheng's body.
This action was seen by several green-skinned people. They all stared greedily at the sumeru ring on Luo Zheng's chest, but they did not make a move at this time.
Then, the green-skinned people in the sky each pulled a rope and lifted the large net. Everyone was dragged into the air by this large net. This large net seemed to be woven with extremely special golden silk. Ordinary swords and sabers would find it difficult to break it. Moreover, everyone was tied up tightly by this large net. It was very difficult to break free of this large net.
Zhou Zhuohe also said coldly, "Bringing us back to their nest will ultimately make us at their mercy!"
"Yun Luo, you said you had a way to bring us out of the fog, but now we're in such a predicament," Ling Yan also questioned.
Meng Chong did not speak. He had suffered a loss at Yun Luo's hands before, so he could only behave himself here for the time being.
Yun Luo sneered, "You're trapped in the fog. In the end, you will still be pulled into the abyss by the fog array. Without me, you would have died long ago."