Yun Luo wasn't wrong. Not to mention entering the scorpion's body, they were destined to be unable to leave the fog. Moreover, after being surrounded by the fog, regardless of whether they moved or not, they were constantly being pulled towards the huge abyss.
Not to mention getting close to the abyss, when they were inside the fog, they were already unable to resist the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. If it weren't for the crab-like treasure on Luo Zheng's chest, everyone would have already died under the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
At this time, everyone could only listen to Yun Luo. There was no other way.
"What are these green-skinned people?" Luo Zheng asked at this time.
Yun Luo immediately replied, "Ling Yan has already guessed it. They are indeed the natives of this world."
"But why do they want to kill us?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "As the natives of the scorpion's body, it is their duty to eliminate outsiders."
"Then what did you say to them just now to make them change their decision to kill us?" Luo Zheng was just about to ask.
"You will know in a moment," Yun Luo avoided answering.
Everyone was suspended in this large net and slowly moved forward. The speed of flying was naturally much faster than walking. Below them, they constantly swept past mountains and rivers ….
The size of the small world inside the scorpion's body was far beyond everyone's expectations. After flying like this for two hours, a wooden wall suddenly appeared in front of everyone. Long logs were sharpened and stood not far away. Obviously, this was the walled city built by these green-skinned people.
Inside the walled city, there were many green-skinned people shuttling back and forth. After the green-skinned people above their heads pulled the large net over the walled city, they landed in a corner of the walled city. Looking at the metal fence in front of them, everyone understood that this should be the walled city's prison.
After these green-skinned people untied the large net that bound Luo Zheng and the others, they pointed their spears at them. One of the green-skinned people pointed at the gate of the prison next to them, indicating that they should go in by themselves.
Everyone looked at Yun Luo. Yun Luo blinked her eyes and gestured to them. Then, she was the first to enter the prison. Everyone else followed behind her and entered the prison one by one.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to enter, one of the spears stopped Luo Zheng. The spear flicked gently and said something to Luo Zheng.
The spear's target was the Sumeru Ring on Luo Zheng's chest. The green-skinned's face wore a smile, and his eyes revealed a greedy look.
Even if Luo Zheng couldn't understand the green-skinned people's words, how could he not understand what this green-skinned person's meaning? This guy's Sumeru Was he trying? he wanted the Sumeru Ring on Luo Zheng's Sumeru His Sumeru Ring!
Not to mention that the Sumeru Ring contained Luo Zheng's entire fortune, including a large amount of Sky Evolution Essence, and even the crab-shaped accessory used to resist the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray was stuffed inside. Moreover, this Sumeru Ring was originally given to Luo Zheng by Ning Yudie. How could he hand it over so easily?
At this time, the others' faces also darkened. If this Sumeru Ring was taken away, without the orange-yellow light shield released by the crab to resist the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray, how could they leave unscathed? Not to mention leaving the fog, they would probably be shot to death by the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray as soon as they left the vicious scorpion's inner world!
How could they let others take away something that was a matter of life and death?
"Don't give it to him!" Ling Yan said coldly.
A murderous look appeared on everyone's faces. If this green-skinned person wanted to snatch Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring by force, they could only choose to fight. Although they couldn't circulate their True Essence, they could still fight these green-skinned people with the strength of their physical bodies!
When the green-skinned person saw that Luo Zheng didn't move, he mumbled a few more words and then reached out to take Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring. Luo Zheng's fists were already clenched. At this distance, he could completely crush this green-skinned person with a single punch!
At this time, Yun Luo suddenly said indifferently, "Luo Zheng, give the Sumeru Ring to him first."
"But …" Luo Zheng frowned. It wasn't that he didn't believe Yun Luo. Perhaps it was because of his initial good impression of Yun Luo, but he faintly felt that Yun Luo's side might be right. If he obtained the inheritance, he could judge whether it was right or wrong. He was very likely to stand on Yun Luo's side.
However, this Sumeru Ring had a different meaning to Luo Zheng. It was very difficult for him to give in.
"This Sumeru Ring will be taken back," Yun Luo said with certainty. "Moreover, these people don't know how to recognize a master. They can't open the Sumeru Ring … Believe me!"
Yun Luo said a few words in a row. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of hesitation. After thinking about it, Luo Zheng tore off the Sumeru Ring from his neck and handed it to the green-skinned person.
The green-skinned person mumbled something again, and a light smile appeared on his face.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and stared at the green-skinned person. Then, he turned around and entered the prison. Luo Zheng's heart was naturally filled with murderous intent. After he entered the prison, the prison gate's bars closed with a bang. Luo Zheng stared at Yun Luo with a calm face and said, "No matter what your purpose is, you must give me an explanation now!"
Everyone's eyes turned to Yun Luo once more. They had followed Yun Luo all this time; they weren't prisoners of the prison.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng. Then, she cautiously said, "The inheritance you are looking for is within this vicious scorpion's inner world."
Yun Luo's answer didn't surprise Luo Zheng, but it also didn't satisfy Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo closed her eyes and thought for a moment. Then, she said, "It's as you have guessed. The entire Dark Nether Cave is in fact a struggle between two human Empyreans. And, what these two Empyreans are fighting over is a fragment."
"Empyrean!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The first time that Luo Zheng heard of an Empyrean was because of the transcendent divine might passed down by the Red Dragon! The Stellar War Body was created by a powerhouse called Empyrean Stellar Star. For a powerhouse to create such a transcendent divine might, their strength had reached unimaginable heights!
Even in the upper realms, Empyreans were extremely rare existences.
Yun Luo nodded. "Our human race isn't a monolithic entity in the upper realms. Instead, we are divided into three major forces. The largest force is led by Empyrean Original Sin. Empyrean Original Sin leads 4,000 great realms! The second-ranked force is led by Empyrean Oracle, who leads 3,000 great realms. The weakest force is Empyrean Thunder Punishment, who leads 2,000 great realms. "
"If the forces of the human race are combined, wouldn't there be over 10,000 great realms?" Zhao Fenqin asked, his eyes wide open.
Ascending to the upper realms was the dream of every martial artist. Because the humans of the Sea God Continent were extremely weak, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and the others had subconsciously thought that the human race was relatively weak in the upper realms. They had never imagined that the human race could lead over 10,000 great realms!
Luo Zheng was also very surprised. He had heard from Qinglong that the human race was very powerful in the upper realms. However, he hadn't expected it to be this powerful.
Wasn't there only one great realm in the entire True Dragon Race? But the human race actually had over 10,000 great realms? The difference between them was too great!
"I never thought that the human race would be so powerful in the upper realms." Zhou Zhuohe smacked his lips, his face filled with yearning.
Meng Chong and Tian Hu didn't say anything, but when they heard this, they were incomparably shocked. In the Tower of Sin, the Demon Race had always preached that the Demon Race was the most perfect race, and that races like the Human Race were purely inferior races! Whether it was in terms of talent or potential, the human race was far inferior to the demon race.
However, because of Luo Zheng's appearance, the demon race's words had been easily overturned.
Now, from what Yun Luo had said, the human race was actually so terrifying in the upper realms!
At that moment, Xun appeared and smiled faintly. "What's so great about having over 10,000 great realms? The human race doesn't dare to wage war against our demon race. Hmph!"
Yun Luo glanced at Xun indifferently, then shook her head. "Your demon race is indeed very powerful, but unfortunately, your reproductive ability is too weak. Perhaps in a thousand years, the human race won't be able to surpass you, but in a few years, we will definitely leave you in the dust."
The demon race's individual strength was great, but their reproductive ability was low. This was the greatest flaw of a race! That was why, when the demon race had conquered many great realms, they hadn't been able to send many of their people to garrison them. Even now, the demon race had only conquered over a thousand great realms.
"Hmph, in the upper realms, there are those who measure their strength by the number of great realms they control," Xun said, unconvinced.
Yun Luo shook her head. "Let's not talk about this for now. I'll talk about the conflict between Heavenly Sovereign Oracle and Heavenly Sovereign Original Sin. Originally, I couldn't talk about this in front of you, so I didn't tell Luo Zheng."
The "you" Yun Luo was referring to was Xun.
＝＝＝＝＝