The Yao Night Clan was different from the other clans because they had their own soul statues and could easily communicate with the Upper Realm.
Thus, no matter if it was the Yao Night Clan in the Upper Realm or the Yao Night Clan scattered in the Lower Realm, they were all closely connected.
However, the other clans were different. Although some clans could communicate with the Upper Realm through secret techniques, this kind of communication was not close. For example, the Human Clan in the Purple Heart Holy Land knew nothing about the Human Clan in the Upper Realm, let alone that the Human Clan had such an important position in the Upper Realm.
What Yun Luo was most afraid of was that one of the three Kings of the Yao Night Clan, King Xun, who controlled slaughter, was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit. This was one of the main reasons why Yun Luo was hesitant.
Yun Luo's apprehension was not without reason. The Human Clan and the Yao Night Clan were competitors in the Upper Realm, and the secret in the Xuanming Cave was very important. Moreover, it was an internal conflict between the Human Clan.
Xun smiled when she heard Yun Luo's words. "Then you don't have to worry about anything. I've already lost everything. The only thing I can rely on now is Luo Zheng."
Xun had kept the last of her soul to follow Luo Zheng. Naturally, she hoped to make a comeback one day. However, for a certain period of time, she would still be Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit.
"Speak," Luo Zheng said as he stared at Yun Luo.
Yun Luo suddenly shook her head. "My thoughts are indeed a bit naive. After all, the Heavenly Dao Fragment will be given to Luo Zheng."
"What? The Heavenly Dao Fragment? " Xun's expression changed greatly when she heard Yun Luo's words. As the King of the Yao Night Clan, she was able to remain calm no matter what happened. It was as if nothing in this world could move her. However, when Yun Luo's words fell, her face was filled with shock!
Xun was extremely shocked, but the others did not have much of a reaction.
For example, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Meng Chongtian Hu, and the two peak War Supremacies from the Yao Night Clan were confused when they saw Xun's overreaction.
Ling Yan was especially flabbergasted. She understood Xun's position the best. In the entire Great Wide World, it would be difficult for Xun to be so emotionally moved. Even when everyone saw the indescribably huge ferocious scorpion, Xun's face was still indifferent.
After all, as the ruler of the Night Demon Clan in the Upper Realm, Xun had probably seen many Super Divine Beasts. Although this Vicious Scorpion was comparable to a Super Divine Beast and was the gatekeeper of Hell, in the end, it was only an extremely powerful Vicious Beast.
Yun Luo stared at Xun calmly. She frowned and a threatening look appeared in her eyes. "The Heavenly Law Fragment belongs to the human race. It has nothing to do with your Night Demon Clan."
Xun's shocked expression slowly calmed down. After thinking for a while, she sneered and said, "Are you afraid that I will get involved?" Then, her gaze landed on Luo Zheng. She said, "This is fate. Luo Zheng has the fate of a great era. He traveled thousands of miles to the Sea God Continent. Who would have thought that he would inherit a fragment of the Heavenly Dao …"
Luo Zheng frowned. He stared at Yun Luo and said, "Since the Heavenly Law Fragment is so important, why don't you take it yourself?"
From a certain perspective, Yun Luo didn't need Luo Zheng. She could have entered the Xuanming Cave and taken the item hidden there herself!
The Heavenly Law Fragment was indeed hidden deep enough. She had placed a layer of cursed land on the surface of the Sea God Continent and then used the Tower of Sin to suppress the Xuanming Cave. She had even brought a Vicious Beast guarding Hell here and hid it in the Vicious Beast's body!
"Because she can't take it." Xun smiled.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo hesitated for a moment before saying, "I don't have the jade butterfly to draw the Southern Dipper Immortal Root up here. I can't open the Vicious Scorpion's mouth. Most importantly, I'm only a clone. I don't have a complete soul. I can't carry the Heavenly Law Fragment."
Xun had left a clone of himself in the Massacre Sword Mountain in his early years. Yun Luo had cut her soul into millions of pieces and placed them in the Lower Realm to cultivate. Carrying the Heavenly Law Fragment required a complete soul. Both of them couldn't refine the Heavenly Law Fragment.
"Then, where is the Heavenly Law Fragment?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo immediately said, "I learned the language of these green-skinned people by searching Xiu Ye's mind. There's an important piece of information in Xiu Ye's mind. Those people sealed the Heavenly Law Fragment and handed it over to the green-skinned people's prophet for safekeeping. It became their race's sacred object! That's why I told them that I knew their prophet. That's why they brought me here. "
"In other words, we're going to take away their race's sacred object?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Yun Luo replied.
"Then how do we leave this place?" Ling Yan asked.
This question was more important. At this point, Ling Yan and Zhao Fenqin didn't care much about what the Heavenly Law Fragment was. After all, the conflict in the Upper Realm had nothing to do with them.
"Once we find the sacred object, we can leave," Yun Luo replied.
Everyone found a corner in the prison and closed their eyes to rest. The rules in this Spirit Space were different. Everyone couldn't mobilize their Vital Energy and Vital Spirit, so they could only conserve their energy. If they were to snatch the other party's sacred object, a great battle would be inevitable. It would be very strenuous to fight with just their physical bodies!
In this Spirit Space, even the flow of time was completely different. There was no sun, moon, or stars in the sky. Everyone couldn't tell the time, so they could only wait in boredom.
Not long after, a group of green-skinned people finally appeared outside the prison.
The green-skinned person in the lead wore a withered circlet on his head. Next to the circlet were three fist-sized skulls. He held a crooked walking stick in his hand. Surrounded by many green-skinned people, he slowly walked toward the prison.
"Is that the green-skinned people's prophet?" Luo Zheng asked, looking at the green-skinned person in the lead.
Yun Luo stood up, shook her head, and said, "I don't know." Then she walked over in her wooden clogs and began to communicate with the green-skinned person in the lead.
The green-skinned person in the lead was constantly muttering something, while Yun Luo's expression was indifferent. Her thin lips were constantly replying.
After the two of them communicated for a while, the green-skinned person in the lead fiercely poked the ground, turned around, and left. The other green-skinned people pointed their spears at Yun Luo, Luo Zheng, and the others. After humming and provoking for a while, they also left with the green-skinned person in the lead.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo blinked, then shook her head and said, "Communication failed. They plan to execute us tomorrow."
Hearing this, everyone stood up. It would be best if they could successfully obtain the sacred object of this race. Now that they couldn't communicate, they could only take action.
It was impossible to estimate the cultivation of these green-skinned people. They had completely cultivated in the Minor Dimension, and the laws they had grasped were in accordance with the laws of this Minor Dimension. However, the Minor Dimension itself had a great restriction on them. This was because the entire Minor Dimension relied on the Heaven Earth Yuan Qi absorbed by the vicious scorpions.
Luo Zheng approached the edge of the fence and hooked his finger at a green-skinned person not far away. That green-skinned person was the one who had taken Luo Zheng's spatial ring.
At this time, the green-skinned person was still focused on playing with Luo Zheng's spatial ring, looking for the trick. Seeing Luo Zheng beckoning, the green-skinned person casually walked toward Luo Zheng, saying something unknown.
However, just as the green-skinned man approached, Luo Zheng's hand shot out like a bolt of lightning, instantly grabbing the spatial ring. Then, with a kick, even if he didn't use astral essence, Luo Zheng's strength was still terrifying when he erupted with it!
"Boom!"
Under Luo Zheng's kick, the prison fence, which was four to five feet wide, collapsed, instantly covering the green-skinned person. Luo Zheng directly walked over and stepped on the green-skinned person's head. The green-skinned person's head was like a smashed watermelon, blood splattering everywhere!
Luo Zheng lightly tapped the spatial ring, and a long spear suddenly shot out behind him. Not far behind him, Xun caught the long spear. At the same time, Luo Zheng took out the broken throwing knife and fastened the ring on the end of the knife to his thumb!
With a light wave of his hand, the flying dagger left a trail of white light in the air and shot straight ahead!