The throwing knife circled around Luo Zheng, and in the blink of an eye, the necks of the surrounding green-skinned men were cut off, their heads separated from their bodies.
As for Xun, he pointed his long spear at a green-skinned man from afar.
The group of green-skinned men hadn't gone far, but when they heard the violent explosion behind them, they immediately turned their heads. Their faces were filled with astonishment. They had thought that there were a few sheep locked up in the prison, but they didn't expect it to be a pack of ferocious wolves!
The green-skinned leader's face darkened. He gently waved his walking stick and pointed at Luo Zheng and the others. The green-skinned men around him flew into the sky and attacked Luo Zheng with their long spears!
A cold smile flashed across Luo Zheng's face. He poured the power of the dragon scale into his feet and stomped on the ground. His body shot up into the sky, and the throwing knife in his hand spun rapidly around Luo Zheng, emitting a dazzling light.
The green-skinned men were killed before they could even raise their spears. They fell to the ground one after another.
Although the laws of cultivation of the creatures in this small world were different from those of Luo Zheng and the others, if one had to measure their cultivation, these green-skinned men were only equivalent to warriors in the Divine Reflection Realm, which was equivalent to warriors in the Sea God Continent.
However, because the laws of this small world were not as strong as those in the Great Thousand World, they were even weaker than the Divine Reflection Realm warriors in the Great Thousand World.
Previously, it was Yun Luo who stopped Luo Zheng and the others from being captured by them. How could they be merciful to them?
Dozens of green-skinned men were instantly cut down by Luo Zheng's throwing knife. Then, his figure flashed, and he shot toward the green-skinned leader!
The green-skinned leader was also frightened by the scene in front of him. How could he have imagined that this group of outsiders would be so fierce? In a moment of desperation, he waved the walking stick in his hand, and his figure quickly rose into the sky. Obviously, he knew that Luo Zheng and the others couldn't fly and wanted to distance themselves from him!
At the same time, the sound of a bugle horn constantly came from the surroundings!
This was originally a stronghold built by the green-skinned men, and an army of green-skinned men was stationed here. As soon as the bugle horn sounded, the entire stronghold began to become restless.
Facing the green-skinned leader who was rapidly rising into the sky, Luo Zheng bent his legs and squatted down slightly. A steady stream of the power of the dragon scale poured out, and he suddenly shot upward!
The speed of his rise was many times faster than that of the green-skinned man. The green-skinned leader's face was filled with horror, and in a panic, he raised the walking stick in his hand and chanted something. Then, he swung it heavily swung it heavily toward Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo, and the others....
Even the flames that contained the precepts of fire could not harm Luo Zheng in the slightest, let alone these ordinary fire clouds. Luo Zheng instantly rushed out of the fire clouds, but at this time, the force that propelled him upward had already weakened, and his speed had also slowed down. There was still some distance between him and the green-skinned leader.
.. The green-skinned leader heaved a sigh of relief, and continued to swing his walking stick, sending down layers of Luo Zheng Luo.
But Luo Zheng suddenly raised his right hand, and a white light flickered once again. The broken throwing knife drilled out of the Luo and pierced through the chest of the green-skinned leader!
Then, Luo Zheng and the green-skinned leader both fell from the sky. Luo Zheng stood firmly on the ground, but the green-skinned leader fell from the sky.
Not far away, the green-skinned army continued to gather and press toward Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng and the others turned a blind eye to it. Their current goal was very simple: take the holy relic, leave this pocket dimension, and return to the Tower of Sin.
Yun Luo slowly walked toward the green-skinned leader and communicated with him in their language. The green-skinned leader's face was filled with determination. He clutched his chest and kept roaring.
"What did he say?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo stared at the green-skinned leader and said to Luo Zheng, "He doesn't want to tell us the location of the holy relic. Even if we kill him, he won't tell us."
"Then kill him." After saying that, Luo Zheng's throwing knife flashed and ended the life of the demon leader.
Not far away, the green-skinned army was still watching. After all, their leader was in Luo Zheng's hands, and they were still a little cautious. Some of the green-skinned leaders were even roaring loudly. Even without Yun Luo's translation, Luo Zheng and the others could roughly guess what they were saying. They were probably asking them to hand over the green-skinned leader and spare their lives.
But now, Luo Zheng did not have the slightest scruple and directly took the life of the green-skinned leader. The green-skinned people at the front immediately raised the spears in their hands and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Behind these hundreds of green-skinned people, there were thousands of green-skinned people.
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, and the others no longer had the slightest hesitation on their faces. At this time, a bloody massacre was unfolding!
The throwing knife in Luo Zheng's hand drew out streaks of white light, like a dancing light wheel, reaping the lives of these green-skinned people. Those green-skinned people fell one after another like wheat being harvested.
As for Xun's spear, every thrust of his spear pierced through a long line. These green-skinned people could not stop Xun's advance at all.
Luo Zheng relied on his physical body and strength in this small world, and this small world had little influence on Xun. Therefore, their attacks were the fiercest. As for Ling Yan, Meng Chong, and Zhao Fenqin, they were much inferior!
Rows of green-skinned people fell one after another. Even the green-skinned people who rushed into the sky could not escape Luo Zheng's fatal throwing knife. As the white light flashed, those green-skinned people in the air were like locusts, shot down by Luo Zheng's throwing knife.
Although there were many green-skinned people in this army, they were decreasing at a visible speed!
When Luo Zheng was halfway through his killing spree, the remaining green-skinned people finally broke down. There was no longer any anger or courage on their faces, only fear and wailing. Then, they began to retreat continuously. Many of the green-skinned people fled in all directions in panic.
"Follow them," Yun Luo said expressionlessly.
The entire army of green-skinned people in the walled city began to run outside, retreating into the depths of the wilderness!
Luo Zheng and the others also maintained a uniform speed, following behind the scattered green-skinned people.
Luo Zheng and the others did not have the intention to explore how big this small world was and how many races there were in it. After all, this was not the goal of their trip. Since the sacred object could not be obtained through trickery, they could only choose to seize it now!
Following the retreating green-skinned people army, Luo Zheng kept moving forward. After walking for about a hundred miles, a towering city finally appeared in front of them.
A city of this level was naturally nothing in the eyes of Luo Zheng and the others. It could not be compared to the Holy Land on the Sea God Continent at all. However, compared to the simple and crude walled city from before, it was naturally much better.
The army of green-skinned people rushed to the city gate. Then, a group of green-skinned people suddenly appeared on the city wall. These green-skinned people gritted their teeth and tried to pry something. Soon, Luo Zheng and the others heard a rumbling sound. It turned out that a huge rock had rolled out of the city and was stuck on the city gate.
Luo Zheng and the others' expressions did not change at all. Although the city wall was ten feet high, Luo Zheng could easily jump over it with a light leap!
"It seems that these green-skinned people also have natural enemies in this small world," Luo Zheng said.
"It has nothing to do with us. Let's rush in, get the sacred object, and leave." Smog held a long spear and was about to fly up. The others could not fly, but Smog could easily do it!
"Wait." Luo Zheng stopped Smog. "Let me do it."
Ling Yan and the others watched as Luo Zheng slowly walked towards the huge rock. Zhao Fenqin looked at Luo Zheng's back suspiciously and asked, "What is he trying to do?"
No one answered his question. Luo Zheng walked over without asking. There were still many green-skinned people on the city wall shooting arrows and even throwing spears at Luo Zheng. This level of attack could not cause any harm to Luo Zheng, let alone stop Luo Zheng's footsteps.
When Luo Zheng approached, he raised his head and looked at the huge rock. This huge rock was twenty feet high. In front of Luo Zheng, it was like a medium-sized mountain blocking the city gate.
Luo Zheng gently took a breath, clenched his fist, and gathered the power of the dragon scale. Then, he punched the huge rock.