Luo Zheng's fist, which contained the power of Bai Wanjun, smashed into the boulder, and a slight muffled sound was heard.
"Pop!"
The sound wasn't loud, as if it came from inside the boulder, but everyone heard it clearly.
Soon after, dense cracks began to appear on the boulder. The cracks were very fine, as if an eggshell had been evenly smashed. When the cracks appeared on the boulder, it began to collapse. The boulder turned into powder and fell down …
A gust of wind blew …
"Huff … Huff …"
Luo Zheng was submerged in the surging powder. After a long time, the powder dissipated. The boulder in front of them had also dissipated, leaving behind a pile of powder on the ground.
Many of the green-skinned people on the city wall had a horrified look on their faces. They kept exclaiming in a language that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. At this time, the green-skinned people realized that the person in front of them wasn't someone they could fight against.
Not to mention the green-skinned people, even Meng Chong and the others couldn't hide the shock on their faces. If Meng Chong could use his Astral Essence, he would be able to smash such a large rock into powder with a single punch. It wouldn't be too difficult.
However, the rules of this small world were different. All Vital Essence and Vital Essence were prohibited. Luo Zheng had just achieved this effect with the strength of his body. Was there a ferocious beast living in this guy's body?
Yun Luo also understood Luo Zheng's intention. She looked up at the city wall and said something in the language of the green-skinned people. After Yun Luo communicated with the green-skinned people, she said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go in."
Everyone crossed the city gate and entered the interior of the city. The style of this city was very different from that of the Human Race. There were green-skinned people holding long spears on the streets and alleys, surrounding them. However, at this time, none of the green-skinned people dared to attack them. Luo Zheng's punch had left a deep impression on them. In their hearts, a god-like expert like Luo Zheng was invincible.
Not long after, the green-skinned people in front of Luo Zheng, who were retreating with spears in their hands, opened up a path. Three green-skinned people walked out from the path. The green-skinned person in the lead wore a reddish-gold crown and held a brocade box in his hand.
The green-skinned man with the crown on his head should be their emperor. The green-skinned emperor said something to Luo Zheng. After he finished speaking, he raised the brocade box high up in the air.
Yun Luo, who was standing beside Luo Zheng, translated, "He said that they are willing to offer the sacred relic, but on one condition."
"What condition?" asked Luo Zheng asked.
"To help them kill another race in the north," Yun Luo replied.
"Not interested." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng didn't want to get involved in the dispute in this Spirit Space. He didn't want to waste time here.
Yun Luo then relayed Luo Zheng's words. The green-skinned emperor's face showed a trace of disappointment, but in the end, he still handed the brocade box to Luo Zheng. Perhaps he understood that this sacred relic wasn't something that their race could keep. Even if it wasn't Luo Zheng, there would be other alien races who would take it away.
Luo Zheng took the brocade box from the emperor's hand and gently opened it with his hand. After opening the brocade box, he found a long and narrow crystal inside. This crystal wasn't complete. It looked like a broken gem, exuding a magnificent aura.
When Yun Luo and Xun saw this crystal, their eyes showed a trace of passion. They had never seen the Heavenly Dao fragment, but they knew of its existence!
Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed the fragment. It was cold to the touch. "This is the Heavenly Dao fragment? It doesn't seem to be any different from an ordinary crystal. "
But at this moment, a violent roar suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind. A complicated sound came from the Heavenly Dao fragment, and an aura that seemed to come from the whole universe poured into Luo Zheng's mind!
"This is …"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened. At this moment, he seemed to see the evolution of the whole universe, the vicissitudes of life over the past billions of years!
"Pa!"
Yun Luo raised her hand and knocked the Heavenly Dao fragment from Luo Zheng's hand to the ground. Then Yun Luo said lightly, "Your soul is indeed very strong, but it can't contain it at this time!"
"What's the use of the Heavenly Dao fragment?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Yun Luo looked at Luo Zheng hesitantly and then said, "You'll know when the time comes. I hope you can choose the right path."
Xun sneered and said, "Why don't you just ask Luo Zheng to stand on your side? Stand on the side of Celestial Lord Oracle!"
Yun Luo was a force that belonged to Celestial Lord Oracle.
Yun Luo said lightly, "Luo Zheng has the destiny to fight for the world. He has his own path to walk. No matter which side he stands on, he will eventually walk on the right path."
Xun was too lazy to argue with Yun Luo. She turned her head to the side and stopped talking.
There wasn't only one Heavenly Dao fragment in the brocade box. There was also a small formation plate next to the Heavenly Dao fragment.
"What's this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"We need it to leave the fog formation." Yun Luo nodded.
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Ling Yan and the others' eyes twitched. They didn't care what the Heavenly Dao fragment was, but this formation plate was very important. If they wanted to leave the fog, they had to use this formation plate!
After getting these two things, they didn't want to stay here for long. They immediately left the city of the green-skinned people and began to return along the way.
"How do we leave the inner world of this scorpion?" Ling Yan asked.
"We go out the same way we came in." At this time, Yun Luo took the lead and walked in front.
"Since we can leave this inner world, then the natives of this inner world should also be able to leave, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly thought of this question and asked.
Yun Luo shook her head and smiled. "These natives were born from this inner world. They follow the rules of this inner world, so they can't sense the exit of this inner world. However, we are outsiders. We are suppressed and rejected by the rules of this inner world. That's why we have the chance to leave!"
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Just as Luo Zheng had guessed before, if the entire universe was the inner world of some giant beast, then the experts in this universe also followed the rules of this inner world, including vital essence, vital essence, and all kinds of power of law!
Did this mean that they themselves couldn't sense the exit of the entire universe?
Now was not the time to think about this. They should leave Xuanming Cave first …
Time passed quickly.
The fog in the entire Xuanming Cave began to dissipate. In the blink of an eye, a month had passed.
In the Sin Tower, all the peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race were gathered in the hall at the top of the tower. Their expressions were very ugly.
Lord Mei had been checking the exit of the Sin Tower every day, but there was still no sign of Ling Yan and the others.
"It's been a month. If Ling Yan and the others still don't come back, the Xuanming Death Ray will fill the entire Xuanming Cave!" A peak War Reverend of the Demon Night Clan said.
Once the Xuanming Death Ray's intensity recovered, everyone in the Xuanming Cave would die. There had been no exception since the Sin Tower opened.
"Luo Zheng, it should be fine!" A peak War Reverend of the Human Race said.
In reality, whether it was the Demon Night Clan or the Human Race, the most nervous person wasn't Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan and the others. The most nervous person was Luo Zheng!
The Demon Night Clan was nervous about Luo Zheng's life because of Xun. They didn't want one of the Demon Night Clan's Kings to die in the Xuanming Cave. For this matter, Lord Mei had even sent people back to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land to investigate the Demon Night Clan's King Statue. Fortunately, Xun's statue was still glowing with a faint red light. This meant that Xun hadn't died, so Luo Zheng should still be alive!
The Human Race was worried about Luo Zheng's life. The reason was very simple. Luo Zheng was now the controller of the Sin Tower. If Luo Zheng died, it would be very easy for the Demon Race to make a comeback. Even the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land wouldn't have a good excuse to stop the Demon Race!
At that time, the Human Race's seats at the top of the Sin Tower would no longer exist. Even the entire Human Race in the Sin Tower would be dealt with by the Demon Race. No matter if it was a peak War Reverend, an ordinary War Reverend, or a relatively weak General.
This was something that the Human Race didn't want to see even if they were beaten to death.
What was even more troublesome was that once Luo Zheng died, the Demon Night Clan's King, as Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, would also disappear. This way, the Human Race's Purple Heart Sacred Land would lose the protection of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land. If the Purple Heart Sacred Land faced the Twin Devil Sacred Land, the only result would be destruction. The entire Human Race might be exterminated!
Because of this, many Human Race even developed resentment towards Luo Zheng. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng's appearance, the Human Race would still be struggling at death's door. However, Luo Zheng's appearance had brought the Human Race a brief moment of glory. It had just given the Purple Heart Sacred Land a glimmer of hope. Who would've thought that this hope would be destroyed in less than a year? How could they be willing to accept this?
Apart from the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan, the other races were still maintaining a neutral attitude. However, the peak War Reverends of the Night Clan were secretly happy. As the deadline for the top of the Sin Tower came closer and closer, the probability of Luo Zheng dying in the Xuanming Cave was also increasing.
The Night Clan continuously sent this information to the Twin Devil Sacred Land!
As for the peak War Reverends of the Twin Devil Sacred Land, they were already rubbing their fists and preparing to enter the Sacred Land's teleportation array at any time. As long as the top of the Sin Tower closed, it would be time for them to settle the score!
A few days later, the red dot in the center of the Xuanming Cave suddenly became countless times brighter!
Some of the weaker creatures scattered in all directions. Those weak creatures couldn't resist the intensity of the Xuanming Death Ray and could only move around the edges of the Xuanming Cave. Only the truly powerful creatures could live in the inner layer of the Xuanming Cave! As for the core area, there were no other creatures. Apart from the Southern Dipper Immortal Root, no other creatures could survive here!
This was because as long as one stepped into the fog array, they would be slowly pulled into the abyss. No creature could resist the Xuanming Death Ray at close range.
"Close!"
"Bang!"
Under Lord Mei's command, the passage to the top of the Sin Tower was finally closed.
Although there was news from the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land that the king statue was still flickering with a faint red light, Lord Mei didn't believe that Luo Zheng and the others could return. This was because after Xuanming's death, no one had been able to return from the Xuanming Cave.
Not only did Luo Zheng die inside, Ling Yan's death was also a great loss to the Demon Night Clan. After all, she was the strongest Seat Controller. Without her, it would be very difficult for the Demon Night Clan to fight against Meng Tian!
If Meng Tian killed his way back to the Sin Tower now, the Demon Night Clan would be in a very passive situation.
"It's over, it's over, it's over!" A peak War Reverend of the Human Race said with a long face. "This is troublesome!"
The faces of the Peak War Reverends of the Human Clan were all dark. Among the Human Clan, only Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe were in charge of the overall situation. The other seat controllers could not even get on the stage. Most of the Peak War Reverends did not even have the qualifications to become seat controllers and could only stay on the fourteenth floor of the Sin Tower!
How could they fight against the powerful Demon Race?
There was a certain teleportation array in the Cursed Land. The teleportation array was engraved with all kinds of majestic patterns. There were also sculptures of birds and beasts around it. It looked very mighty and domineering. This was the Demon Race's teleportation array!
The Demon Race used to control the Sin Tower. Even the teleportation array made by the Demon Race was much more majestic than the other races.
Following an intense flash of white light, a figure the size of a small mountain appeared. It was the peak War Reverend of the Demon Race, Meng Tian!
After leaving the Sin Tower, many peak War Reverends of the Demon Race chose to break through. They had accumulated Light of Good Fortune for many years. It wasn't difficult for them to break through the bottleneck. However, Meng Tian didn't choose to break through!
This was because when Meng Tian left, he had already planned a counterattack. As long as Luo Zheng entered the Xuanming Cave, Meng Chong and Tian Hu would be enough to kill Luo Zheng!
Therefore, from the first day Luo Zheng entered the Xuanming Cave, Meng Tian had already prepared to return. He was not in a hurry to break through, after all, Meng Tian still wanted to become the ruler of the Sin Tower! Therefore, in the Twin Devil Holy Land, Meng Tian was still suppressing his cultivation. He was waiting for this day!
Following Meng Tian's appearance, one peak War Reverend after another walked out of the teleportation array with sinister smiles on their faces!
Taking revenge after enduring patiently was the most satisfying thing. The demons being driven out of the Tower of Sin was a humiliation that they could not bear. Today, it was time to wash away this humiliation!
Many peak War Reverends of the Demon Race were like moving hills as they approached the Sin Tower. When they approached the Sin Tower, many creatures in the small town saw this scene and their expressions changed. They knew very well that there was going to be a big commotion in the Sin Tower!
Back then, these creatures had watched the Demon Race leave, and now, they were witnessing the return of the Demon Race!
At the entrance of the Sin Tower stood two Giant Clan guards. When they saw a group of peak War Reverends of the Demon Race appear in front of them, their faces immediately revealed expressions of fear.
How could Meng Tian lower himself to the level of these Giant Clan warriors? He only coldly roared: "Open the door!"
The two Giant Clan guards hurriedly opened the door of the Sin Tower. Following that, many Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race filed in and entered the first floor of the Sin Tower!
On the first floor of the Sin Tower, many creatures were still fighting in the arena. However, when those creatures saw the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race, they were all shocked.
"Why are these Demon Race back! Didn't Luo Zheng expel them? "
"You're too uninformed. I heard that Luo Zheng died in the exploration of the Xuanming Cave!"
"It can't be. If that's the case, wouldn't the Human Race be in trouble?"
"We can only blame that Luo Zheng for overestimating himself. He's just a war general, yet he dared to explore the Xuanming Cave. Not only is he courting death, he has also harmed the entire Human Race!"
The creatures of the various races discussed animatedly.
There were still many Human Race warriors on the first floor. At this time, all of their expressions were extremely ugly. Back then, the warriors of the Human Race's Purple Heart Holy Land had to become a war general before they could enter the Sin Tower to train. However, after Luo Zheng took control of the Sin Tower, the status of the Human Race in the Sin Tower greatly increased. Many warriors also stepped into the Sin Tower to train.
Now that these warriors saw the return of the Demon Race, they naturally understood what had happened. The entire Human Race in the Tower of Sin would most likely be dealt with. These Human Race warriors wanted to secretly leave the Tower of Sin, but their legs seemed to be filled with lead, they couldn't even take a step!
The Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race did not panic. Their bodies emitted a ruthless aura as they entered in a single file and stepped onto the second floor, the third floor … With so many Peak War Reverends, almost every time they stepped onto a floor, they would attract the attention of other creatures.
Very quickly, Meng Tian finally climbed to the fifteenth floor!
Meng Tian's heavy iron boots stepped on the hall at the top of the tower. Then, he took a deep breath and roared towards the small worlds in the depths: "All seat controllers, get out here with me!"
"Get out here!"
"Get out here for us!"
Behind Meng Tian, many of the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race roared.
Not long later, the doors to the small worlds opened one by one, and many seat controllers walked out one after another.
The Night Clan's seat controllers were the first to appear, and after those seat controllers came out, they stood beside Meng Tian. The Night Clan had always been a vassal of the Demon Race, and even though the Demon Race had been chased out of the Sin Tower, they were still unable to change this reality. After all, their Night Clan's Eternal Night Sacred Grounds was still under the protection of the Twin Devil Sacred Grounds.
The last to appear were the many Peak War Reverends of the Human Race, as well as the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan.
Meng Tian swept his gaze across the Peak War Reverends of the Human Race, and suddenly let out a violent laugh, "The Peak War Reverends of the Human Race … Aren't they all the guys who used to be on the fourteenth floor? What qualifications do you have to become the seat controllers? Hahahahaha! "
"Hahahahaha …"
All the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Race laughed along, and even the Peak War Reverends of the Night Clan laughed together.
The faces of the Peak War Reverends of the Human Race were ashen. They were very angry, but there was nothing they could do about it. In the Sin Tower, strength was the reason. Without Luo Zheng, they were nothing!
On the other hand, the Demon Night Clan was relatively calm. After all, they had the powerful Heavenly Feather Sacred Grounds as their backing. Lord Mei coldly said: "Speak, what do you want to do?"
(Combine into one chapter)
＝＝＝＝＝