The laughter of the peak war reverends from the Yao Night Clan gradually faded away. Meng Tian slowly walked forward, and his aura became more and more domineering. Every time he took a step forward, a small hole would be left on the floor, but it would quickly return to normal.
"What do we want to do? Haha, "Meng Tian coldly stared at Lord Mei and laughed," The Yao Night Clan will give up half of their seats, and all the humans in the Sin Tower, regardless of whether they are peak war reverends or generals, will commit suicide! "
When Meng Tian said this, the expressions of all the humans and Yao Night Clan members on the top floor changed.
"What? All the humans will commit suicide? That's too much! "
"The demons are too domineering! Are they really the only ones in this world? "
"The demons have always been domineering. This time, the humans and Yao Night Clan are going to be in big trouble!"
Meng Tian gave off a domineering aura as he coldly stared at Lord Mei and said, "I wonder if the Yao Night Clan will accept this suggestion?"
If it was in the past, the Yao Night Clan would naturally not accept such a domineering suggestion. Although the Yao Night Clan had a few extra seats, this time, the Yao Night Clan had to give up half of their seats. This was something that the Yao Night Clan could not accept!
The Yao Night Clan did not suffer many losses in this trip to the Mysterious Underworld Cave, but the most important people, Xun and Ling Yan, were left behind in the Mysterious Underworld Cave!
Lord Mei's expression sank as he coldly laughed, "Meng Tian, do you think the Yao Night Clan only has Ling Yan?"
The 128 seats at the top of the Sin Tower were all peak war reverends, except for the humans. There was a difference between peak war reverends, but the difference was not that great. Moreover, the Yao Night Clan was stronger than the demons, so the Yao Night Clan was not necessarily afraid of the demons. The only troublesome thing for the Yao Night Clan was Meng Tian!
Meng Tian suddenly laughed, "What? What else does the Yao Night Clan have to rely on? The Heavenly Feather Holy Land? No matter how strong the Heavenly Feather Holy Land is, it won't dare to rashly start a war with the Twin Demon Holy Land! Moreover, the demons still have war reverends in the Sin Tower! "
Meng Tian did not know whether Meng Chong and Tian Hu were dead or alive. He did not have time to investigate the secret passage, but he had used a sound transmission talisman with Meng Chong, but he did not receive a reply.
However, this did not matter too much. Even if Meng Chong and Tian Hu died, they could still create more Battle-Saints. This was because until now, only the Demon Race knew the secret of the secret passage.
Actually, because of the appearance of Tianqiong and Tianhui, the two Battle-Saints of the Devil Race, many races had already begun to suspect that the Devil Race had done something to the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
This was not a difficult guess. Many races had already come up with all sorts of theories, hypotheses, and experiments. One of them was that breaking through in the Mysterious Underworld Cave would not be affected by the cursed lands. However, due to the existence of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, even if one broke through to the Battle Saint realm, they would still die.
In the past, a Beastman Peak War Saint broke through in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. He even relied on his strength after breaking through and broke into an ominous area in the outer region of the Mysterious Underworld Cave, obtaining a good opportunity. However, when the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray spread throughout the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave, that Beastman War Saint was forced to return to the Sin Tower. After surviving in the Sin Tower for a month, he finally fell.
It was a pity that the other races did not discover the secret passage at the bottom of the Tower of Sin …
Seeing that Lord Mei was silent, Meng Tian sneered, "You can think about it! However, I want to tell you that I'm not giving you a suggestion, but an order! "
Meng Tian felt that there was no need for him to discuss with the Yao Ye Clan. If it wasn't for the Sky Feather Holy Land and Liu Yu himself, Meng Tian would have massacred both the Human and Yao Clans today!
After saying this, Meng Tian turned his head and looked to the other side. The Peak War Saints of the Human Race all had gloomy expressions, as if they were lambs waiting to be slaughtered!
Before Meng Tian could say anything, one of the Peak War Saints of the Human Race suddenly said, "Our Human Race can take a step back and lead all of our Human Race out of the Tower of Sin!"
This was already a huge step back. Every Holy Land knew how important the Tower of Sin was to a race. Cultivating in the Tower of Sin could save hundreds of years of time. It was countless times faster than cultivating in the outside world!
Leaving the Tower of Sin was equivalent to the Human Race cutting off their own future. In the future, the Purple Heart Holy Land's development speed would fall behind the Holy Lands of the other races. The decline of the entire Human Holy Land was inevitable!
"Take a step back!" Meng Tian sneered, "What qualifications do you humans have to talk to me about taking a step back!"
It could be said that Meng Tian hated the Human Race to death. After all, the Yao Ye Clan was only in an alliance with the Human Race. Moreover, the reason why the Yao Ye Clan interfered was because of Luo Zheng, that human brat's sword spirit! Therefore, the reason why all of the Demon Race were expelled from the Tower of Sin was because of the Human Race. How could Meng Tian let the Human Race off so easily?
"Then what do you want? Our Human Race has already left the Tower of Sin! "A Peak War Saint of the Human Race said angrily.
"Haha!" Meng Tian laughed wildly, his tall and sturdy figure suddenly took a step forward, and in the blink of an eye, he crossed a distance of fifty to sixty feet. His huge hand that was the size of a palm-leaf fan extended out like a bolt of lightning, and in the blink of an eye, he grabbed the head of the Peak war elder of the Human Clan, "What else do you want! Didn't I already say it? "
"Bang!"
Meng Tian sneered, he extended his hand and pinched hard. Before the Peak war elder could even circulate his true essence, his head exploded like a watermelon, and then, Meng Tian threw the corpse of the Peak war elder to the side as if he was still trash, and turned his gaze to the rest of the Human Clan!
Many of the Peak war reverends of the Human Clan had died in the Profound Nether Cave, and the remaining Peak war reverends were indeed not strong enough. Most of them could only stay on the fourteenth floor, and did not have the strength to compete for the seats, so how could they resist an expert like Meng Tian?
A portion of the Peak War Saints of the Human Race looked towards the Yao Ye Clan for help, but the Yao Ye Clan could not even protect themselves, so how could they help the Human Race? Lord Mei and the others pretended not to see anything.
"Meng Tian, you Demon Race are ignoring the rules of the Tower of Sin and attacking here!" A Peak War Saint of the Human Race clenched his teeth and said angrily.
Meng Tian sneered: "Rules? Actually, let me tell you, there have never been any rules in the Tower of Sin. The law of the jungle is the only rule here! Right now, I am the rule here! "
With that, Meng Tian took another step forward and punched the Peak War Saint with his heavy fist.
"Bam!"
The Peak War Saint of the Human Race was like a sandbag as he fiercely smashed into the wall. Blood immediately blossomed on the wall, as if a flower was drawn on the wall.
At this time, the Peak War Saints of the Human Race were so angry that their eyes were about to split open. The True Essence on the surface of their bodies continuously flickered. As Peak War Saints, they did not plan to sit still and wait for death! Just as the Human Race was about to make a move, the bodies of the Peak War Saints of the Demon Race behind Meng Tian also flickered with astral essence.
The faces of the Peak War Saints of the Human Race flashed with determination. They knew very well that they were not Meng Tian's match, but they had no choice now!
"Since you are not willing to commit suicide, then I can only trouble my colleagues to do it!" Meng Tian's face flashed with a hint of madness. Today, he would definitely capture all the humans in the Tower of Sin in one fell swoop.
When Lord Mei saw this scene, he immediately sent a True Essence sound transmission to a member of the Yao Ye Clan beside him, "Have all the humans on the first to fourteenth floors of the Tower of Sin retreat and enter the Cursed Lands."
The Cursed Lands was absolutely safe. Lord Mei's actions were purely out of helplessness!
It had to be known that the warriors sent into the Tower of Sin were all geniuses of the various Holy Lands. The weakest of them was a Mortal Rank genius. The human warriors in the Tower of Sin were the future hope of the Purple Heart Holy Land. If they were all killed, it would be equivalent to destroying the future hope of the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Lord Mei could not save the Peak War Saints in front of her, but she could only chase the other War Saints, Generals, and Warriors out of the Tower of Sin. After all, the Yao Ye Clan and the Human Race were still allies. Even if Luo Zheng was dead, Lord Mei still had to give face to Xun.
In fact, the humans in the Tower of Sin were much smarter than Lord Mei had imagined. Other than a small number of human warriors who were cultivating in the secret cultivation rooms, many humans had already left the Tower of Sin one after another.