During this year, the Tower of Sin was not very peaceful.
Many of the living beings in the Tower of Sin were also discussing this matter. Some of the more cowardly ones even temporarily followed the human cultivators out of the Tower of Sin and entered the Cursed Lands. If something were to happen and they were implicated, it would not be worth it.
In the Mysterious Underworld Cave, Luo Zheng and the others were moving forward with an orange cover.
After leaving the scorpion's body, Yun Luo opened the ornament on Luo Zheng's chest and pushed Meng Chong and Tian Hu outside!
The moment the two Demon warriors left the protective cover, they also opened their Shield of Great Aether. However, it only lasted for one breath's time before it disappeared. At such a close distance, not to mention a Battle-Saint, even a Divine Sea Realm warrior could not resist the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray shot out from the scorpion's head!
Seeing Luo Zheng's stunned expression, Yun Luo asked indifferently, "When do you plan to make your move?"
"I plan to see where this guy is hiding," Luo Zheng answered.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Meng Chong will not give you the chance. Once he leaves the fog formation, he will attack you immediately. As long as he can grab the ornament on your chest, we will be the ones to die."
This time, Xun agreed with Yun Luo.
Compared to Yun Luo and Xun, Luo Zheng did not have enough experience in dealing with this kind of situation. Or rather, Luo Zheng was not ruthless enough. In comparison, Yun Luo and Xun had much more experience than Luo Zheng. When exploring dangerous places, a mature warrior would usually survive by himself while everyone around him died. All the treasures would be his own!
When they left the huge scorpion and the Abyss, the fog in the core area had gradually dissipated.
"The fog is dissipating!" Seeing the fog become very light, Luo Zheng suddenly frowned and said.
Yun Luo also blinked and said, "It should be because of the flow of time. The flow of time in the scorpion's body is many times faster than in our Great Thousand World. We stayed in the scorpion's body for a few days, but a long time has passed outside."
"Oh no! So the Mysterious Underworld Cave has recovered? In other words, in the Tower of Sin …? "Luo Zheng's face turned gloomy.
Ling Yan's expression wasn't too good either. Once the Demon Race determined that they were dead, it was very likely that they would return and enter the Tower of Sin. The Yao Night Clan's situation would probably be better, but the Human Race would be in big trouble!
"Let's quickly return to the Sin Tower!" Luo Zheng said as he quickened his pace.
Before they even took two steps forward, when they entered the faint mist, Luo Zheng could see clearly that there were extremely thin golden lines pulsating on the ground.
"These golden lines formed the Fog Array from before." Yun Luo said. She reached out and injected a stream of Qi into the Array Disk in her hand. The Array Disk immediately began to spin.
As the Array Disk continued to spin, the golden lines began to change directions. The originally connected golden lines began to break apart, forming openings. After the Fog Array Disk lost its effect, everyone began to move outside.
In the past, once the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray was activated, all the cultivators would return to the Sin Tower. However, Luo Zheng and the others were able to move forward under the full illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray. This was the first time in the history of the Mysterious Underworld Cave that something like this had happened!
Fortunately, the Demons in the Mysterious Underworld Cave couldn't completely resist the illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray. When the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray was sufficient, the Demons' activities weren't particularly frequent. On their way from the core area to the inner area, they almost didn't encounter any Demons.
Even when they passed through the Blood Gate, the Tuna Birds and Azure Wolves that were scattered on both sides of the Blood Gate were also dormant in their nests and didn't come out.
"It seems that whenever the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray in the Mysterious Underworld Cave is greatly weakened, the Demons' activities are also particularly frequent," Ling Yan said as she blinked her eyes.
Luo Zheng nodded, "That's true!"
Ling Yan's heart was slightly moved, and her heart suddenly burned with passion.
Along the way, Ling Yan already knew that the most important thing in the Mysterious Underworld Cave wasn't the relics of those Sector Lords. The most important thing was that Heavenly Dao fragment. The other things didn't seem worth mentioning in front of the Heavenly Dao fragment.
However, in the eyes of Ling Yan and the other cultivators of the Sea God Continent, the Heavenly Dao fragment wasn't important. Things that were related to the Upper Realm didn't have much to do with them, the lower realm cultivators. Since ancient times, how many people were able to ascend to the Upper Realm? Moreover, in these years, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Sea God Continent were unable to ascend. In the end, they could only watch as their lifespans came to an end and passed away in the Sacred Ground.
In their eyes, the most important thing was the many treasures in the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
Now that Luo Zheng had the pendant that could resist the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray and the fog array formation plate, wouldn't he be able to freely enter and exit the Mysterious Underworld Cave in the future? Moreover, when the Mysterious Underworld Deathly Ray wasn't blocked by the fog, the Demons in the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave were basically dormant in their nests. The danger was also greatly reduced!
In addition, under the protection of the pendant, he could even cultivate inside the Mysterious Underworld Cave and break through to become a Battle-Saint!
The pendant on Luo Zheng's chest only needed a small amount of True Essence to operate. As long as the Tower of Sin continuously sent in True Essence Stones, it would be fine. None of this was a problem!
What Ling Yan thought of, Zhao Fenqin and the others naturally thought of as well. This way, whether it was for the Demon Night Clan or the Human Race, it was a huge opportunity.
Previously, Luo Zheng had said that he might choose to leave the Tower of Sin and leave the Sea God Continent. Originally, the cultivators of the Purple Heart Holy Land were worried because once Luo Zheng left, the Human Race would lose control of the Tower of Sin.
Even if Luo Zheng chose to leave quietly, paper couldn't wrap fire. As long as Luo Zheng disappeared from the Tower of Sin for a period of time, the Demon Race would definitely make a move and make a comeback.
Now, as long as the Human Race nurtured a few Battle-Saints and hid them in the Mysterious Underworld Cave, the Human Race would still be able to firmly control the Tower of Sin. All of the problems would be solved!
As for Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, their thoughts were deeper than Ling Yan's. If Luo Zheng left these two treasures behind, even after Luo Zheng left, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would still be allies with the Purple Heart Holy Land!
Seeing the fiery gazes of Zhao Fenqin and Ling Yan, how could Luo Zheng not understand? Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Don't worry. If I leave the Sea God Continent, I will give these two treasures to Zhao Fenqin for safekeeping. The Human Race can share them with the Demon Night Clan."
When Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, and Ling Yan heard Luo Zheng's words, their faces immediately revealed joy. The value of Luo Zheng's promise was simply too great!
Without the obstruction of the demons, everyone's return speed was very fast. It didn't take long for them to arrive at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. Everyone circulated their True Essence and flew up around Luo Zheng, quickly arriving at the top of the Tower of Sin.
"The exit is closed." Ling Yan glanced at it and said.
This door was the exit at the top of the Tower of Sin. When the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray filled the entire Mysterious Underworld Cave, this exit would normally be closed. Very few people would choose to open it.
Luo Zheng moved towards the door, extended his fist, and pounded on it.
"Bang bang bang …"
At the same time, Meng Tian had just killed two Peak Battle-Saints of the Human Race. Many of the Peak Battle-Saints of the Human Race were preparing to fight to the death, and many of the Peak Battle-Saints of the Demon Race were also preparing to cleanse the Human Race.
At this moment, the sound of someone knocking on the door came from the top floor.
The many Peak Battle-Saints gathered at the top of the tower were suddenly stunned. Why was there still someone outside knocking on the door when the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray had already been activated?
A Peak Battle-Saint of the Human Race shouted in surprise, "Hurry up and open the door! It should be Zhao Fenqin and the others, no, it should be Luo Zheng! "
Another Peak Battle-Saint of the Human Race suddenly rushed over, preparing to climb up the stairs to open the door, but before he could even reach halfway, a fist light flashed in Meng Tian's hand, and directly smashed into that person's shoulder. With this punch, that Peak Battle-Saint flew out, vomiting blood all over the ground, and laid on the ground, unable to get up again.