The atmosphere in the Sin Tower suddenly froze.
A trace of anticipation rose in the hearts of the humans, but at the same time, they were also very nervous.
When the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray illuminated the entire cave, all the warriors would die inside. There had never been an exception since the Sin Tower's existence! No peak War Reverend could withstand the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray.
However, in the hearts of these peak War Reverends, Luo Zheng was different. No one had been able to leave the word "Heaven Rank" on the Talent Stele before, and no one had been able to control the Sin Tower and control the power of the Sin Tower to kill people!
From the first day that Luo Zheng entered the Sin Tower, he had been constantly creating miracles!
Perhaps this time, he would be able to create another miracle.
As for the peak War Reverends of the Yao Ye Clan, such as Lord Mei, there was also a trace of joy on his face. This was because just yesterday, there was news from the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land that the King Statue still maintained its last trace of red light. That red light did not disappear, which meant that their Yao Ye Clan's King was still alive.
Based on this, it was very likely that Luo Zheng had returned. As for how Luo Zheng was able to travel through the Mysterious Underworld Cave and avoid the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray, Lord Mei did not know.
Meng Tian's face was like the winter sky. His face was filled with coldness as he coldly snorted and said, "No one is allowed to open the door. Perhaps some demons just happened to approach the door at the top of the tower!"
What Meng Tian said was not something that had never happened before. There were demons that approached the Sin Tower before. Many years ago, there was even an extremely powerful demon that crashed into the Sin Tower. Under the impact of that huge demon, the entire Sin Tower shook violently. Moreover, even the walls of the Sin Tower could not stop that powerful demon. Even the peak War Reverends at the top of the Sin Tower trembled in fear!
That time, it even caused panic in the Sin Tower. Many low level warriors fled the Sin Tower and only returned after a long time.
Fortunately, that powerful demon did not destroy the Sin Tower. After crashing into it a few times, it silently left.
"Right, it's impossible for a warrior to return at this time. It must be a demon!" A peak War Reverend of the Night Clan said with a sharp voice.
"Not necessarily." Lord Mei smiled coldly.
Meng Tian pointed at Lord Mei and said coldly, "Don't even think about opening the door!"
Madam Mei shrugged her delicate shoulders and said indifferently, "I won't open the door. If it's Luo Zheng who returns, he can naturally come in!"
Luo Zheng had the authority to control the Tower of Sin. Back then, when he was on the first floor of the Tower of Sin, he directly opened a crack on every floor of the Tower of Sin and directly fell down from the middle. He had done such an unimaginable thing, so how could a mere door stop Luo Zheng?
"Peng peng peng …"
The hurried and rhythmic knocking on the door continued. If it was a magical creature, it wouldn't be knocking on the door like this.
A Peak war elder of the Human Clan said softly: "It must be Luo Zheng! Why would a monster knock on the door like that? "
Another Peak war elder from the Human Clan said, "Let's wait and see! When Luo Zheng returns, I want to see how arrogant these Demon Clansmen can be! "
While everyone was silent, a one-meter-long crack suddenly appeared on the wall next to the top floor of the Sin Tower. Then, the crack opened like a big mouth, and a slightly thin figure swayed and drilled in.
When the Peak war elders of the Human Clan saw this person, their expressions suddenly became excited.
"Luo Zheng! It really is Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng is back! "
"And Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe!"
"Ling Yan is also back …"
Not only their clansmen, but the people of the Demon Night Clan also revealed looks of joy. However, the most excited ones were the Peak war elders of the Human Clan. To them, this was already the end of their lives, but they didn't expect Luo Zheng to return at this time! If Luo Zheng returned to the night time, it was very likely that all the Peak war elders of the Human Clan would be destroyed by the Demon Clan!
How could these humans not be excited? Among them, there were many Peak war elders of the Human Clan who had tears in their eyes. After experiencing this kind of life and death situation, any warrior would be extremely excited.
Luo Zheng, Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, as well as Yun Luo and the other two Peak war elders of the Demon Night Clan, entered through the crack.
Luo Zheng's gaze first fell on the corpses on the ground. There were a total of two corpses on the ground in the hall at the top of the tower. One was lying in the middle of the hall, while the other had fallen to the side of the wall. These two corpses were both Peak war elders of the Human Clan. The blood flowing out of the corpses had gradually faded and was absorbed by the Tower of Sin. Luo Zheng was very familiar with one of the Peak war elders. Previously, when he entered the Xuanming Cave, the Peak war elder had released raging flames to block the Tuna Bird's pursuit.
In addition, there was also a Peak war elder of the Human Clan lying on the ground, on the verge of death. He seemed to be seriously injured.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face completely darkened. His eyes filled with killing intent slowly moved towards Meng Tian. Then, Luo Zheng sighed softly: "Didn't I say it before? As long as I see the Demon Clan appear in the Tower of Sin, I will kill them without mercy. Meng Tian, do you not have a brain, or … Is your memory bad? "
All the Peak war elders of the Demon Clan had ugly expressions on their faces. They did not expect that the Demon Clan would make such a dramatic comeback. When the most terrifying thing became reality, Meng Tian's face finally revealed panic, and he no longer had the domineering aura of a strategist!
When he first left the Tower of Sin, Meng Tian did not panic.
In Meng Tian's opinion, Luo Zheng would definitely enter the Xuanming Cave. Once he entered the Xuanming Cave, he would not be able to escape the pursuit of Meng Chong and Tian Hu. As long as he killed Luo Zheng, it would mean that the Demon Clan had made a comeback! The chances of a comeback were very high!
Therefore, Meng Tian did not think that he was driven away by Luo Zheng when he left the Tower of Sin last time. It was only to temporarily avoid Luo Zheng's edge. In Meng Tian's words, it was called a strategic retreat.
As the time of the Xuanming Cave's opening approached, Meng Tian became more and more expectant. His only worry was that Luo Zheng would not choose to enter the Xuanming Cave this year. After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation was not enough. According to the information obtained from the Night Clan, although Luo Zheng was already a Ninth Step Warrior and could fight with the Peak war elders on the fourteenth floor, his cultivation was still too weak. Maybe Luo Zheng would choose to enter the Xuanming Cave after becoming a war elder.
Meng Tian wasn't in a hurry. At most, he would wait for another year. With an extra year, Meng Tian and Tian Hu could continue to cultivate in the Tower of Sins. After becoming Battle-Saints, they could continue to make breakthroughs, increasing their chances of killing Luo Zheng.
When the Xuanming Cave opened, Meng Tian found out that Luo Zheng had entered the Tower of Sin without hesitation. He was excited for a few days and wondered if Meng Chong and the others had made a move.
In the end, the Xuanming Cave closed. Luo Zheng did not return and they lost contact with Meng Chong …
Although Meng Chong and Tian Hu had died, Meng Tian understood that this transaction was very worthwhile. At least Luo Zheng had died in the Xuanming Cave!
But until now, Meng Tian realized that he was wrong. He was too wrong!
This brat's luck was so strong that Meng Tian could not imagine it. Even such a method could not kill him!
"You, how did you come back …" Meng Tian asked in a deep voice.
Luo Zheng stood on the stairs and looked at Meng Tian with a cold gaze, "Why should I tell you?"
"Where's Meng Chong? Where's Tian Hu? "Meng Tian asked again.
At this time, Ling Yan sneered, "Meng Chong and Tian Hu are your hope? This is a good move, sending war saints to kill us. Unfortunately … "
"Unfortunately what?" Meng Tian asked.
"Unfortunately, they still died." Yun Luo said indifferently without any expression on her face.
Other than the demon race, the other races present did not know about this matter. Why did Meng Chong and Tian Hu, two peak war saints, enter the Xuanming Cave? And why did they chase after Luo Zheng? They were even war saints!
The peak war saints of the human race and the demon race all sucked in a breath of cold air.
"The demon race is still hiding secrets, secrets that we don't know. Last time, Tian Qiong and Tian Hui were also war saints!"
"This is not the main problem. The main problem is that Luo Zheng and the others managed to escape the pursuit of war saints. Furthermore, Meng Chong and the others died. This …"
"I wonder what else can stop Luo Zheng!"
＝＝＝＝＝