Meng Tian let out a long sigh. He was not old. According to the calendar of the Sea God Continent, he was only around 60 years old. He was considered extremely young among the warriors.
But with this sigh, Meng Tian seemed to have aged a lot in an instant.
Luo Zheng looked at Meng Tian and said coldly: "You still haven't answered me. Is your memory bad?"
When Luo Zheng said this, many of the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Clan revealed expressions of fear.
Previously, Luo Zheng had said that as long as he saw the Demon Clansmen in the Tower of Sin, he would kill them all. Did he really plan to fulfill this promise?
Meng Tian hesitated for a moment, then said: "We will leave now."
"Leave?" Luo Zheng pointed at the corpse on the ground, and a cold smile appeared on his face, "After killing our Human Clan's Peak war elder, you chose to leave just like that?"
Meng Tian snorted: "What else do you want? Even if you can control the Tower of Sin, our Twin Devil Holy Land is not to be trifled with! "
"Hahaha!" Luo Zheng suddenly burst into hearty laughter, but there was no trace of a smile in his eyes. There was only endless killing intent. "Twin Devil Holy Land, what a great name!"
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he was about to make a move, but at this moment, Ling Yan stopped him, "Luo Zheng, why don't we just let them go?"
The Peak War Reverends in front of him could be considered the backbone of the Demon Clan. In the future, War Saints and even Divine Sea Realm experts would be born from them. If Luo Zheng annihilated them all, it would indeed be a heavy blow to the Twin Devil Holy Land.
However, this method was equivalent to offending the Demon Clan. Ling Yan's starting point was to consider the overall situation. If the Twin Devil Holy Land was really forced into a corner and fought to the death, it was very likely that the Human Clan's Purple Heart Holy Land would be razed to the ground!
"I know what you're thinking," Luo Zheng said to Ling Yan: "But today, all the Demon Clansmen will die!"
With that, Luo Zheng jumped down from the stairs and sped towards Meng Tian!
"Brat, how dare you!" A Peak war elder of the Demon Clan could not bear it any longer and took the lead to rush towards Luo Zheng. Under the eruption of the Astral Essence in his body, he was like a rapidly moving hill, carrying the power of ten thousand men, fiercely crashing towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng waved his finger lightly, and in an instant, an invisible force enveloped the Peak war elder of the Demon Clan, and the sound of cloth tearing could be heard.
"Cough cough …"
The Peak war elder of the Demon Clan was instantly torn into pieces, and brown blood splattered all over the ground.
"I'll use your bodies to feed the Tower of Sin!" Luo Zheng's face was ferocious, and his whole body was overflowing with boundless killing intent. He was like a God of Death that had descended to the world.
Seeing that Luo Zheng no longer had any misgivings, Meng Tian's complexion changed. He said to all the Devil clansmen, "Retreat, leave Sin Tower!"
Seeing that the situation was not good, many of the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan rushed towards the back. That was the stairs that led back to the fourteenth floor, how fast was the Peak War Elder? These dozens of Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan rushed towards the stairs in an instant.
However, Luo Zheng immediately jumped up, and a crack appeared on the ceiling above his head. Luo Zheng immediately jumped up from the crack, and blocked the entrance to the fourteenth floor. Today, he would not let any of these Demon Clan s go!
The Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan had already climbed up to the fourteenth floor from the top of the tower, but just as they climbed up, they saw Luo Zheng blocking the way. All of the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan who were like small mountains revealed expressions of fear, as if Luo Zheng was a human-shaped demon.
"Fight it out with him! In the end, he's just a war general! "
"Kill him!" It's all death! "A few Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan roared.
Following that, the Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan rushed forward, their towering bodies were like small mountains, pressing down on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng only raised his finger slightly, and an invisible force instantly tore the Peak War Elder at the front into pieces. The corpses of the Demon Clan s were scattered all over the steps of the Tower of Sin, while Luo Zheng stepped on the blood-stained steps and walked up.
"Demon, he's a demon …" The Peak War Elder s of the Demon Clan realized that they were far from being Luo Zheng's match, so they retreated with all their might, running towards the top of the tower. But how could Luo Zheng give them the chance to leave? He chased after them, activating the power of the artifact spirit in the Tower of Sin, and quickly killed these Peak War Elder s!
"Ahh …"
"Howl!"
All sorts of miserable screams mixed together, and the remains of the corpses flew in all directions. The steps seemed to have become a terrifying Asura Field.
The many War Elder s on the fourteenth floor were used to seeing all sorts of bloody scenes. When they saw this scene, the faces of the many creatures watching from the back all turned pale. Once upon a time, how envious were these creatures of the Demon Clan? They even regretted not being born in the Demon Clan. They could only resent their own race for not being strong enough.
But at this moment, they were rejoicing that they were not a member of the Demon Clan. Otherwise, they would have faced such a cruel massacre!
Luo Zheng slowly entered the top of the tower step by step, but Meng Tian's figure had disappeared from the top of the tower.
"He entered the small world?" Luo Zheng scanned the area and did not find Meng Tian's figure. There were 128 Minor Chiliocosms at the top of the pagoda. Therefore, Luo Zheng determined that Meng Tian had escaped into one of the Minor Chiliocosms.
Yun Luo waved his hand and pointed to the exit of the Tower of Sin that led to the Profound Nether Cave. "Meng Tian rushed out."
"He rushed out?" Luo Zheng's face flashed with surprise, "Aren't you afraid that the Profound Nether Death Ray will shoot him to death?"
Even so, Luo Zheng did not give up the chase. The Demon Clan was able to break through in the Tower of Sin and enter the Battle-Saint realm. The secret must be at the bottom of the Tower of Sin. As for what the secret was, Luo Zheng did not know, but he knew that Meng Tian would not commit suicide!
So Luo Zheng poured his True Yuan into the pendant on his chest, and an orange protective cover appeared around Luo Zheng's body. Then, he walked up the stairs and entered the Profound Nether Cave.
When Luo Zheng went out, Yun Luo and Ling Yan also followed, including Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe. At the same time, Xun also appeared beside Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was an invincible existence in the Tower of Sin, but outside the Tower of Sin, it would not be easy for Luo Zheng to face Meng Tian alone. If Meng Tian did not commit suicide and really had a way to protect himself, then Luo Zheng would be in trouble!
Outside the Tower of Sin, a strong Profound Nether Death Ray spread out. This kind of fatal ray could shatter one's True Yuan protection in a few breaths of time, and then completely annihilate a living being.
After reaching the top of the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng flew around the Tower of Sin, and a trace of suspicion appeared on his face. He really did not discover Meng Tian's existence.
Meng Tian could not have gone far. He could not withstand the Profound Nether Death Ray's radiation. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng closed his eyes, and gradually released his perception, slowly investigating the surrounding environment.
Soon, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a sneer. He took out a high-grade Saint level longsword from his spatial ring, and slowly approached in a certain direction!
Zhao Fenqin, Ling Yan, and the others looked at each other. Did Luo Zheng really discover something?
Just as Luo Zheng was slowly approaching that place, a tall and sturdy figure suddenly drilled out from the side of the Tower of Sin. It was Meng Tian who was hiding here!
Meng Tian roared, "Luo Zheng, since you want to die, then die with me!"
At this time, above Meng Tian's head, above his arms, a dazzling light flashed. Meng Tian had chosen to ignite his spiritual altar!
Martial artists who cultivated the True Yuan system could use their dantian to self-destruct, and fight to perish together. Body refiners could ignite their spiritual altars. After igniting their spiritual altars in a short period of time, the eruption of True Yuan could reach a terrifying degree!
However, this kind of burning was also an irreversible action. Once the spiritual altar was ignited, it was impossible to reconstruct it!
As a body refiner, Meng Tian had already opened three spiritual altars. The power of this burning was indeed vast. Besides Luo Zheng, the complexions of Ling Yan and the others all changed.
"Attack!"
Ling Yan, Zhao Fenqin, Zhou Zhuohe, Yun Luo, and Xun all launched their attacks at the same time!
Originally, Ling Yan's strength alone was comparable to Meng Tian's. However, under Meng Tian's desperate attacks, his aura soared and his strength also increased by several times. He even relied on his own strength to dissolve the combined attacks of the few of them.