Looking at Meng Tian's ferocious expression, a thought flashed through everyone's mind. This guy was really crazy!
Facing the crazy Meng Tian, Ling Yan and the others kept retreating, and Luo Zheng also retreated.
In this way, Meng Tian was always under the illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray!
Although this was the outer area of the Mysterious Underworld Cave and was very far from the giant scorpion, the power of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray was far from what a peak war reverend could block.
Moreover, in this state of madness, Meng Tian did not even circulate his Shield of Great Essence. He only wanted to fight Luo Zheng with his life on the line. Even the three spiritual altars in his body had been ignited, so how could he care about his own life? Meng Tian had no intention of living at all!
Luo Zheng retreated at an extremely fast speed, and everyone followed closely behind Luo Zheng. As for Meng Tian, the moment he rushed out of the secret passage where he was hiding, under the illumination of the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray, the skin on his entire body began to be burned layer by layer!
As he continued to sprint, the skin on his body was burned layer by layer, followed by his flesh and blood. His originally tall and sturdy figure became smaller bit by bit, and the originally rough and violent face finally revealed its facial bones, like a skeleton!
"Ah ah …"
As Meng Tian roared in pain, his attacks became fiercer and fiercer, and he even rushed into the orange-yellow light shield.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and the long sword in his hand suddenly burst out!
"Formless!"
The so-called formless did not mean that there were no moves, but the moves that were used were completely under Luo Zheng's control, and he could use them freely!
Luo Zheng's sword contained an extremely terrifying power. The raging sword intent roared out and collided with Meng Tian's fist.
"Ge ge ge …"
Meng Tian's body was almost completely burned by the Mysterious Underworld Death Ray. The skin and flesh on his hands had all disappeared, leaving only the black bones of his hands. When his fist collided with Luo Zheng's sword light, his bones were constantly disintegrating and shattering!
"Die!"
Luo Zheng did not stop at all. The power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly erupted, and this sword forced Meng Tian out of the light shield!
Meng Tian fell backward with his head raised. His eyes were filled with unwillingness and helplessness. He had practically lost the entire battle! Like a snowman exposed to the scorching sun, Meng Tian finally turned into a pile of white bones and fell to the bottom of the Dark Nether Cave …
Standing inside the orange-yellow light barrier, Luo Zheng looked down in a daze. It had to be said that the demon race was indeed a fighting race. Meng Tian's plan was indeed very thorough. Unfortunately, Meng Tian had underestimated the complexity of the Mysterious Underworld Cave, and even more so, underestimated his own strength.
"So that's how it is," Ling Yan stared at the side of the Tower of Sin, "It seems that the Demon Race had long discovered that there was a secret passage here that could be used to hide."
Zhao Fenqin said, "So the two Battle-Saints, Tian Hui and Tian Qiong, were hiding here to cultivate. Meng Chong and Tian Hu should be hiding here as well."
Luo Zheng faintly smiled, "In the future, you can arrange for people to hide here as well!"
Whether it was using the crab-like accessory on Luo Zheng's chest or hiding in this secret passage, they were all feasible plans. In other words, the human race and the Demon Night Clan could send more peak Battle-Saints into the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
However, breaking through in the Mysterious Underworld Cave came with a price. They would never be able to leave the Mysterious Underworld Cave, and could only move around in the Tower of Sin for a short period of time. If they were to return to the Mysterious Underworld Cave again, they would not be able to obtain a truly great opportunity in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Perhaps they would be able to open up a new path. This was destined to be an extremely difficult path!
However, for the sake of the entire race, someone was destined to be sacrificed.
Luo Zheng and the others once again returned to the top of the Tower of Sin. As soon as they entered, they saw the peak Battle-Saints of the Night Clan being controlled by the Demon Night Clan and the human race.
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the peak Battle-Saints of the Night Clan and then said indifferently, "It's time to clean up the Night Clan."
Half a year ago, Luo Zheng had expelled the Devil Race, but he did not expel the Night Clan. In the Mysterious Underworld Cave, Meng Chong was able to find him so smoothly because of the Night Clan. Furthermore, when the Devil Race returned, the Night Clan stood firmly on the side of the Devil Race. The Night Clan could not be left alive!
Following that, the Tower of Sin underwent another round of cleansing. All of the Night Clan warriors were wiped out.
The news of all the peak Battle-Saints of the Devil Race being killed by Luo Zheng swept through the entire Sea God Continent like a storm. At the same time, the Sky Feather Sacred Land and the Purple Heart Sacred Land once again entered a state of alert, guarding against any sudden attacks from the Devil Race.
After all, all of the peak Battle-Saints of the Devil Race being killed was a fatal blow to the Twin Devil Sacred Land. After all, all of the peak Battle-Saints of the Devil Race were the geniuses of their race. Almost all of the future experts of the Devil Race were born from these peak Battle-Saints. This matter could very well anger the Twin Devil Sacred Land and cause them to fight back with all their might!
But in the end, the Twin Devil Sacred Land chose to remain silent. They did not have the courage to start a Holy Land War. The Devil Race had already lost the Tower of Sin. If they fought against the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race, the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan would have to pay a considerable price. However, the Devil Race would suffer heavy losses and would never be able to rise again!
After all, the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race had already firmly controlled the Tower of Sin. As long as they were not exterminated, they would be able to quickly recover. However, the Devil Race did not have such an opportunity.
But the Devil Race's compromise was also only a way to prolong their feeble existence. After losing the Tower of Sin, the Devil Race's decline was already destined; it was only a matter of time. As for the Devil Race's vassal Night Clan, they also faced a similar situation. The Night Clan didn't even have the chance to resist. The Night Clan excelled in concealment and assassination. At most, they could organize several meaningless assassinations. If they truly started a Holy Land War, then even resisting the Purple Heart Holy Land would be difficult.
During the remaining time, Luo Zheng continued to cultivate in the Tower of Sin. Occasionally, he would enter the cursed lands to communicate with the stars.
As a transcendent divine might, the power of the Stellar War Body was beyond doubt. But, the greatest difficulty of cultivating it was in stimulating the power of the stars. The more stars Luo Zheng could stimulate, the more terrifying the power of the Stellar War Body would become. But, wanting to stimulate the power of the stars wasn't easy at all. Thus, the first time that Luo Zheng had cultivated the Stellar War Body and stimulated a star, that had already left Red Dragon dumbfounded!
However, Luo Zheng failed several times. It was common for a martial artist to encounter failure in their cultivation, so Luo Zheng didn't care too much about it. From the first day that Luo Zheng stepped onto the road of martial arts, he was well aware that this road was destined to be filled with difficulties. Even if he was a person with a great destiny, it was impossible for him to soar to the highest heavens. He had to take one step at a time. As for whether or not he could reach the peak, that was up to the heavens!
Three months later, at the Heavenly Eagle Prairie, several white clouds hung high in the blue skies. Occasionally, a gentle breeze would blow through the air. Although the sun was bright, it wasn't too strong. Lying flat on the lush grass, one could feel a sense of tranquility!
Over a thousand tents were erected on the grassland. A few muscular human men were sitting on tall horses, driving sheep with half of their shoulders bared.
Ever since the demon race showed signs of weakness, the demon race's forces had begun to rapidly shrink. The Heavenly Eagle Prairie had originally been divided into three parts, with the demon race, the demon race, and the human race each occupying a third of the area. But now, the entire Heavenly Eagle Prairie had been reduced to a pasture for the human race!
The herdsmen in the surroundings began to slowly gather together, forming a large nomadic clan. There were also martial artists in this nomadic clan. If one had to give this nomadic clan a grade, then this nomadic clan would be equivalent to a second-grade sect.
Suddenly, several dozen streaks of light shot through the sky.
The flocks of sheep below could feel the pressure spreading from the sky, and they began to flee in all directions. The herdsmen began to shout, trying to gather the flocks of sheep together.
In the pasture, a little girl looked up at the sky, her black eyes wide open. She wasn't afraid of the dazzling sunlight, and after staring at the sky for a while, her face suddenly lit up with excitement. She immediately turned around and ran back, shouting towards a tent not too far away, "Father, Father, Tuturu, Tuturu, it's the True Divinity, the True Divinity has come!"
A youth suddenly rushed out of the tent. As he heard the little girl's shouts, his face was filled with excitement. In two years, that little boy had grown into a tall and handsome youth!