When Luo Zheng took Tuturu and his group of humans from the pasture and handed them over to the human forces, this group of humans quickly integrated with the other ordinary herdsmen.
Tuturu had now become a martial artist, and he had impressively stepped into the Bone Refining Stage.
However, this group of human herdsmen had never forgotten Luo Zheng. Although they already knew that Luo Zheng was actually a martial artist, these herdsmen were no longer muddle-headed after interacting with the other herdsmen. They understood the world of martial artists and the situation of the entire Sea God Continent!
Although they understood that Luo Zheng was not what they thought and was a True God-like existence, in their hearts, Luo Zheng was still a True God sent by the heavens to save them!
If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, they would still be reared in captivity by the Demon Race and become cattle and sheep in the Demon Race's pasture.
"Where is he? Tell me quickly!" Tuturu shook the little girl, his eyes full of panic. When the other herdsmen heard the little girl's words, they all came out of their tents.
Tuturu was already a Bone Refining Stage martial artist. How strong was the strength of his hands? Being violently shaken by Luo Zheng like this, the little girl's face suddenly turned red.
"Tuturu, don't pinch her!" A herdsmen scolded, "She can't speak like this!"
Tuturu realized that he was too agitated. He quickly stuck out his tongue and released the little girl's hands.
The little girl glared at Tuturu. At this time, she was too lazy to argue with Tuturu. She immediately pointed to a direction on the horizon and said, "He went that way!"
The direction the little girl pointed to was the place where Luo Zheng had appeared. It was not far from their pasture. Although the entire Sky Eagle Prairie now belonged to the human race, Tuturu and this group of herdsmen still deliberately avoided the former Demon Race pasture. After all, the Demon Race pasture was a nightmare to them.
"Whoosh!"
As soon as the little girl pointed out the direction, Tutulu shot out like a sharp arrow. After stepping into the Bone Refining Stage, he could already control his own bones to the smallest detail. He ran along the undulating grassland with the agility of a gray wolf.
Seeing this, the other human herdsmen also walked out of their tents. That year, they did not even have the time to thank the True God for saving their lives!
These ranches belonged to the Purple Heart Holy Land, and Luo Zheng's name was known to almost everyone on the Sea God Continent. These herdsmen were also able to learn about Luo Zheng from the mouths of some cultivators. However, these herdsmen understood that with their status, it would be extremely difficult for them to meet Luo Zheng. At the very least, they would never be able to set foot in the legendary Tower of Sin.
Even for a martial artist like Tutu Lu, there was no chance at all! After all, the Sin Tower was the place where all the geniuses of the Sea God Continent gathered. Even a Mortal Rank Genius was considered the lowest level of existence in the Sin Tower, not to mention that the vast majority of cultivators couldn't even be called "geniuses"!
Right now, this was probably their only chance to see Luo Zheng.
Liu Yu, who was wearing a purple robe, slowly descended from the sky. His handsome face glanced at the grassland. How sensitive were the senses of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior? Although the giant transmission array was hidden beneath the grassland, Liu Yu instantly found it.
She stretched out her hand and pointed, saying, "The transmission array is here."
Luo Zheng's eyes fell on a large pit to the side. This large pit was where Luo Zheng had fallen. During this time, the large pit was covered with weeds, but the destruction caused by the impact was still vivid in his mind.
"Here, right?" The leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land, Situ Haotian, directly landed on the grassland. He wore a soft robe, and under the gentle breeze, the brocade belt behind his back fluttered. He truly looked like a celestial being.
Situ Haotian suddenly clapped his hands and slammed them towards the ground!
"Pop!"
With Situ Haotian as the center, the surrounding thousand feet of grass suddenly rolled up, as if a complete layer of skin had been peeled off from an animal's body. As the grass continued to roll up, a giant transmission array was revealed below.
Seeing this scene, the deep-sea experts of the Purple Heart Holy Land and the Sky Feather Holy Land slowly descended from the sky.
In addition to the Spirit Sea Realm warriors, there were many Battle-Saints, Ling Yan, Xia Shuang, Yun Luo, and many other human warriors. Today was the day Luo Zheng would leave.
To be personally escorted by the leaders of the two Holy Lands, in the entire Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng was probably the only one who received such treatment.
The Tower of Sin was a foregone conclusion. The Demon Night Clan and the Human Race each had two peak Battle-Saints. Zhao Fenqin of the Human Race and Lord Mei of the Demon Night Clan had both become Battle-Saints. The Demon Night Clan and the Human Race were both planning when to explore the Mysterious Nether Cave again.
Originally, Zhao Fenqin had strongly invited Luo Zheng to stay and at least leave after exploring the Mysterious Nether Cave. However, Luo Zheng knew that he didn't have much time left. In the past few months of cultivation, Luo Zheng had already broken through to the Battle-Saint realm and become a Battle-Saint!
If Luo Zheng was given more time, it wouldn't be too difficult for him to cultivate to the peak Battle-Saint realm through the Tower of Good Fortune. The problem was that Luo Zheng didn't have enough time.
When he left the Central Domain, Luo Zheng knew that he didn't have much time left. Even now, Luo Zheng's heart was still hanging in the air. No one knew when the next Extreme Violet Yin Physique would appear. Luo Zheng prayed that Cui Xie wouldn't find the next Extreme Violet Yin Physique cultivator so soon.
Situ Haotian cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Even if we send you off a thousand miles, we will have to part ways in the end. Young Hero Luo Zheng, we can only send you off here today."
Luo Zheng had appeared out of nowhere on the Sea God Continent. With his strength alone, he had reversed the entire human race's position. The one who benefited the most from this was naturally the Purple Heart Holy Land led by Situ Haotian. Situ Haotian was brimming with gratitude. Situ Haotian knew that he couldn't persuade Luo Zheng to stay, so he could only personally leave the Purple Heart Holy Land and send Luo Zheng off. It must be known that on the Sea God Continent, Battle-Saints and above didn't use teleportation arrays. Situ Haotian had truly traveled a great distance to come here.
As for Liu Yu and the other Yao Ye Clan cultivators, they suddenly knelt on one knee and said to Xun, who was beside Luo Zheng, "My King, we hope that you will return to the throne as soon as possible! If there is any danger after we part, even if we are thousands of miles away, my Heavenly Feather Holy Land will come out in full force! "
Liu Yu's words weren't polite at all. After learning that Luo Zheng was about to leave, the Heavenly Feather Holy Land had created a sound transmitting talisman. One end of this sound transmitting talisman was attached to Xun's king statue while the other end was in Luo Zheng's hand.
If Xun needed the help of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, they could even abandon everything and enter this giant transmission array.
Xun nodded and indifferently said, "I understand."
Yun Luo's nine-colored dress fluttered in the wind. She blinked and finally said to Luo Zheng, "I hope that your choice is the right one. We will meet again one day!"
The Heavenly Dao fragment was a matter of great importance. Even now, Yun Luo wasn't sure if giving it to Luo Zheng was the right choice. However, although Yun Luo's standpoint was different from Tian Miao's, she understood that giving the Heavenly Dao fragment to a participant of the Great Era Struggle was indeed appropriate. It was just that there were still serious disputes between the several Empyreans of the upper realms. She was worried that Luo Zheng would stand on the opposite side of her.
Yun Luo cultivated the Million Spirit Distraction Art. Her main body had already stood at the peak of the upper realms. As long as Luo Zheng continued walking down the path of martial artists, it was only a matter of time before he encountered Yun Luo.
Luo Zheng silently nodded.
Then, the two peak War Reverends continuously took out top grade true essence stones and began to place them in the giant transmission array. The amount of top grade true essence stones required to construct such a giant transmission array was not a small amount. This cost was naturally borne by the Purple Heart Holy Land.
At this time, a figure appeared on the other end of the grassland. This figure was actually running towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. It was a human youth, and behind this youth were over a hundred herdsmen.
"Mm?" Ling Yan looked over and discovered that it was only a human martial artist at the Bone Refining stage. Her vigilance gradually dissipated.
"Stop them," Situ Haotian lightly said. At this time, how could they be willing to be disturbed by these herdsmen?
Several peak War Reverends were about to step forward to intercept them, but Luo Zheng waved his hand and said, "No need, let them come over."
＝＝＝＝＝