The newcomer was the young man from the ranch, Tutu Lu.
When Luo Zheng had just arrived on the Sea God Continent, none of the herdsmen dared to resist. Only this young man named Tutu Lu stood bravely beside Luo Zheng, wanting to resist the Devil Race.
With Tuturu's strength, resistance was just a joke. However, it took a lot of courage to stand up in that kind of situation. At least Tuturu dared to stand up, while the other humans could only lock themselves in a corner and tremble.
Tutu Lu couldn't see the cultivation of these people in front of him. He heard that after becoming a warrior, one could fly in the air, and these people were at least a warrior! But Tutu Lu also knew that his estimation was not accurate. There were warriors in the nomadic tribe he was in now, but the momentum of those warriors was far inferior to the people in front of him.
Maybe the weakest among them was a warrior! Tutu Lu analyzed in his heart.
After he took the lead to rush up, his bright eyes stared firmly at Luo Zheng, and then he suddenly knelt on the ground with a plop. "I, I am also a warrior now. Please, please accept me as your disciple!"
Tutu Lu's frank request made many peak war reverends, including Situ Haotian and Liu Yu, laugh. In their opinion, this human youth was simple and cute.
Upon hearing Tutulu's request, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly and said, "I'm sorry, I don't accept disciples. Moreover … I'm about to leave this place. Your cultivation base is too low to pass through such a long distance Teleportation Formation."
Tutu Lu was more persistent than Luo Zheng imagined. He knelt on the ground and continued, "I will follow you, true god, even if I have to sacrifice my life."
"Hehe, this kid is so determined!" A peak war reverend said lightly.
In fact, when Luo Zheng first came to the Sea God Continent, Tutu Lu had already begged Luo Zheng once, but Luo Zheng refused. His current situation was not suitable for him to establish a sect, so naturally, he couldn't accept disciples. This time, Luo Zheng still couldn't agree.
But now, it seemed that if Luo Zheng didn't agree, this kid didn't intend to get up and kept kneeling on the ground.
At this time, a Peak war elder from the Human Clan suddenly said to Tutu Lu, "If he doesn't want to take you as his disciple, how about I take you as my disciple?"
Tutu Lu was only at the Bone Refining Realm. With this kind of strength, he did not have the qualifications to join the Purple Heart Holy Land. It would be difficult for him to even pass the most simple entrance examination. To many people, having a Venerable as their master was something that would make them smile in their dreams!
This Peak War Reverend of the Human Race clearly wanted to curry favor with Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng had left, with Luo Zheng's influence in the Purple Heart Sacred Land, there would definitely be benefits for him to do so. Moreover, what if Luo Zheng returned to the Sea God Continent one day?
Unexpectedly, Tutulu raised his head, rolled his eyes, and shook his head again. "No, I want to worship the True God as my master!"
Everyone's face revealed a surprised expression. They didn't expect this kid to be so persistent. He didn't even want to accept a Peak War Reverend as his disciple.
Luo Zheng still shook his head. "I said, I'm leaving this place. Even if I'm willing to take you in, I won't give you any pointers or benefits."
"But …" Tutu Lu raised his head and looked at Luo Zheng, as if he was searching for an excuse in his mind.
At this time, Situ Haotian laughed. "How about this, how about I take you in as my disciple?"
The moment Situ Haotian opened his mouth, many Peak War Reverends' faces changed! Situ Haotian rarely accepted disciples. Even Xia Shuang, the most outstanding genius of the Purple Heart Sacred Land, still didn't become Situ Haotian's disciple. Even if this kid's talent was ten times stronger, he still wasn't qualified to become Situ Haotian's disciple!
How sharp were everyone's eyes? In their opinion, a Bone Refining stage's cultivation wasn't a problem. No matter how low one's cultivation was, as long as one had potential, their future growth wouldn't be slow. As long as they entered the Tower of Sin, their cultivation would soar like a rocket. However, this kid called Tutulu, whether it was his talent or his root bone, was the worst choice. This was the biggest problem.
In fact, Situ Haotian was originally joking. Seeing how determined Tutulu was, he would definitely be determined to take Luo Zheng as his master! After all, with this Bone Refining stage kid, it was impossible to tell who was strong and who was weak! In Tutulu's eyes, Situ Haotian and the Peak War Reverend were probably similar existences.
However, Situ Haotian had clearly underestimated Tutulu.
When Situ Haotian said this, Tutulu's face suddenly revealed a sly look. He hurriedly nodded. "If the True God can't accept me as his disciple, then I'm willing to take you as my master!"
Tutulu's eyes were indeed unable to distinguish between Situ Haotian and the Peak War Reverend's strength, but he knew how to read people's expressions! When the Peak War Reverend spoke, no one's expression changed. However, when this middle-aged man in a Daoist robe spoke, everyone's expression changed. He understood that this person in front of him must be an amazing character! However, Tutulu didn't think that Situ Haotian was the leader of the entire Purple Heart Holy Land!
Hearing Tutulu agree, everyone laughed. Liu Yu said with a faint smile, "Situ Haotian, it seems you can't go back on your words!"
Situ Haotian faintly smiled. "Of course I won't go back on my words." He then said to Tutulu, "Becoming my disciple will be very difficult. You must mentally prepare yourself."
If the geniuses of the Purple Heart Holy Land saw that Situ Haotian had accepted a Bone Refining stage youth as his direct disciple because of a joke, they would probably faint on the ground!
In fact, Xia Shuang, Xing Hui, and the others were already about to faint!
When Xia Shuang was the number one genius of the Purple Heart Holy Land, she had asked two Elders of the Purple Heart Holy Land to intercede for her, hoping that she could become Situ Haotian's disciple! Xia Shuang was the most talented martial artist of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Even so, she had still been rejected by Situ Haotian.
One could imagine just how surprised Xia Shuang and the others were at this time!
At this time, over a hundred herdsmen also hurried over. These herdsmen certainly weren't as bold as Tutulu. They stopped far away and then prostrated themselves on the ground, kowtowing to Luo Zheng. It was clear that their gratitude towards Luo Zheng was sincere and sincere.
At this time, the giant transmission array was finally finished with the top grade true essence stones. When all of the top grade true essence stones were placed in place, a blazing white light split the transmission array in two, forming a massive pattern. A blazing white light shot into the sky; this massive transmission array had finally opened.
"It's time to leave," Luo Zheng lightly said. Then, Xun's figure turned into a little Sword Spirit that drilled into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng turned around and said his goodbyes to everyone, then stepped into the transmission array.
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure disappear into the blazing white light, Xia Shuang's tender eyes suddenly turned red.
She might have many things she wanted to say to Luo Zheng, but at this time, it was already an extravagant request for her to send Luo Zheng off. How could she possibly have a chance to speak with Luo Zheng alone? Moreover, even if she wanted to say something, where would she start? Was she supposed to open her mouth and say that she wanted to follow Luo Zheng into the transmission array? This was obviously impossible.
The light of the transmission array extended all the way into the sky, drawing a parabola in the sky before finally disappearing into the horizon.
Situ Haotian looked at the light and said, "Where does this transmission array lead to?"
Liu Yu faintly said, "Perhaps, in the future, we may also be able to enter this transmission array!"
The Sea God Continent was actually a very barren continent. In terms of richness, it was far inferior to the Central Domain. Even its area was slightly smaller. However, the Sea God Continent had given birth to over a dozen Holy Lands while the Central Domain didn't have a single Holy Land. The reason for this was because of the Tower of Sin.
It was precisely because of the existence of the Tower of Sin and the Dark Nether Cave that so many Holy Lands existed on the Sea God Continent.