The turbulent sea water kept hitting the reefs on the shore. The Chaotic Astral Sea was chaotic most of the year, and it had been like this since ancient times.
There were countless ferocious beasts lurking in this sea area. Not to mention ordinary fishermen, even warriors would not dare to rashly enter this sea area. Only true powerhouses would dare to explore this sea area. After all, there were many unknown treasures hidden in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Every year, countless powerhouses would fall in this sea area.
The Fish Dragon Sect was a third-grade sect located in the Easternmost Land. The Fish Dragon Sect was backed by the entire Chaotic Astral Sea. Compared with other sects, this third-grade sect obviously knew much more about the Chaotic Astral Sea.
This sect had circled several sea areas near the mainland. They knew very well that although the Chaotic Astral Sea was very dangerous, these sea areas were relatively safe. At least there were few powerful ferocious beasts. Therefore, every year at the beginning of spring, the Fish Dragon Sect would send their disciples to the surrounding sea areas for training!
The mission was to hunt a kind of demonic beast in the water called "Black and Blue Mussel". This kind of Black and Blue Mussel was a fourth-grade demonic beast. Its strength was not strong, but its defensive power was quite terrifying. It was not easy to break the shell of the Black and Blue Mussel.
After killing the Black and Blue Mussel, there was a certain probability of finding the treasure "Black Spirit Pearl" in its body. It was a very precious material for refining elixirs. It was very popular in many markets in the Central Domain, and was often in short supply. It was also one of the main sources of income for the Fish Dragon Sect!
In addition to the Black Spirit Pearl, the meat of the Black and Blue Mussel was also a delicious delicacy. After being caught, dried and sold to the Central Domain, it was also very valuable.
Today was the day for the disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect to train. Tens of thousands of disciples in the Divine Reflection Realm flew along the sea level.
"Senior Brother Lang! Our mission today is to dig out ten Black Spirit Pearls. If we can't complete the mission, we will be punished again. "The one who spoke was a man in black clothes. On the right side of his face was a tattoo of a black scorpion that emitted a gloomy aura.
Even in the surrounding sea area, it was still quite dangerous for warriors of the Divine Reflection Realm. Therefore, when the disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect entered the Chaotic Astral Sea to hunt Black-Green Mussels, they usually traveled in groups of three to five.
The five of them formed a team and began to hunt the Black-Green Mussels. However, compared to the other disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect, the five of them had much stronger killing intent.
"Our luck is pretty good," the cultivator named 'Lang' said, his eyes flashing as he pointed to the sea below. The other two looked at each other, then simultaneously took out a Water Repelling Pill and swallowed it. After taking the Water Repelling Pill, an invisible membrane would appear on the cultivator's body, allowing them to temporarily avoid the seawater. However, it could only be used in shallow waters. In the deep sea, this membrane would be crushed by the seawater.
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
Two voices sounded like flowing water. Two Divine Reflection Realm martial artists rushed into the sea, one on the left and one on the right.
The five of them had a clear division of labor and cooperated with each other with ease. Obviously, this was not the first time they worked together. In fact, the five of them were originally independent martial artists, and they were five pirates in the east of the Central Domain. No less than a hundred warriors had died in their hands!
Right now, the situation in the entire Central Region was changing unpredictably. Many sects seemed to have joined forces to deal with independent cultivators. The lives of these five people were getting more and more difficult. If they were not careful, they might be killed by a powerhouse from a large sect!
Forced to do so, the five of them finally decided to wash their hands and join the Fish Dragon Sect.
The Fish Dragon Sect was relatively weak among the third-grade sects. Because of its remote location, it had not developed much over the years. Because of the situation in the Central Domain, a large number of independent martial artists came to join the Fish Dragon Sect.
Although accepting too many independent martial artists was a hidden danger, these independent martial artists were not loyal to the Fish Dragon Sect. Once something happened, these independent martial artists would be the first to betray the Fish Dragon Sect.
However, independent martial artists already had experience and cultivation, so the Fish Dragon Sect did not need to spend much effort to cultivate them. They could also help the Fish Dragon Sect create a lot of wealth. Therefore, the Fish Dragon Sect chose to turn a blind eye. As long as the independent martial artists were not too notorious, the Fish Dragon Sect would accept them!
Because of this, the number of disciples participating in the sea area training this year suddenly increased by several times, which really benefited the Fish Dragon Sect a lot.
Under the cooperation of the five Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, the Black-Cyan Mussel under the sea had nowhere to hide. Even the defense it was proud of was easily broken through.
After one of the martial artists used a long sword to push the Black-Cyan Mussel away, his face lit up with joy. "Senior Brother Wolf, we are lucky today. We found a Black Spirit Pearl in the first Black-Cyan Mussel!"
"Yes." The martial artist named Wolf nodded lightly, without any joy.
In his opinion, the Fish Dragon Sect was not a good thing. They took advantage of the situation to crazily recruit independent martial artists. On the surface, they were recruiting disciples, but in fact, they were using these independent martial artists as coolies! What bullsh * t sea training? In fact, it was a disguised form of extortion for these independent martial artists.
In fact, in an era when independent martial artists were in danger, the Fish Dragon Sect provided a shelter for them. Now, letting them "train" was actually equivalent to collecting protection fees!
They had to pay ten Black Spirit Pearls to the Fish Dragon Sect every day. This task was indeed a bit heavy, but it was better than being killed by those strong martial artists.
After the five people got the first Black Spirit Pearl, they continued to rush into the depths of the sea area. Although there was not much danger in the coastal waters, the five people were still very careful. They had been pirates before and knew that there were all kinds of strange things in the Chaotic Astral Sea. If a fierce sea beast was bored and came to the sea for a stroll, their lives would be in danger.
Just as they were moving forward carefully, there was a sudden explosion in the sky. It was a thunderbolt!
"Bang!"
Everyone was shocked!
"What, what is this!" One of the Divine Illumination Realm warriors said with a frightened face.
In the distance, they saw an object diving into the sea at an extremely fast speed. The strong impact even set off waves several feet high!
The eyes of the warrior named "Lang" flashed, but he said, "Maybe a rare treasure has appeared!"
It was said that when some rare treasures appeared, there would be lightning and thunder, and there would be strange phenomena in the sky. Today's scene was very likely, not to mention that they had just seen something dive into the water with their own eyes.
"Really? Senior Brother Lang! "A warrior exclaimed with an excited expression.
"It's just a possibility. Let's go and see!" Senior Brother Lang was very experienced. He looked around vigilantly. After confirming that there were no other warriors in the surrounding sea area, he flew in that direction. At the same time, he took out a Water Repelling Pill and swallowed it. Then he dove into the water.
These five people were very good at swimming, and with the help of the Water Repelling Pill, they quickly sank to the bottom of the water.
When everyone saw the scene in front of them, they were surprised. They had thought it was a rare treasure, but it turned out to be a person!
"Why did this person come down from the lightning?" A warrior asked with Genuine Essence.
Senior-apprentice Brother Wolf stared at the man and shook his head. But when he saw the Sumeru Ring hanging on the man's chest, his face suddenly revealed a trace of greed. "This man seems to be injured. He actually chose to meditate in the water to heal himself. Should we …"
Master Lang said and exchanged glances with the others. They were originally pirates who made a living by killing people in the surrounding sea area. It was not the first time they had done such a blatant robbery.
Although they were now disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect, it was not a big deal to go back to their old profession when no one was watching. Moreover, the big sects in the Central Domain claimed to be righteous, so they must have done this kind of thing many times. To put it bluntly, the world of warriors was often so cruel.
"But this person's strength …" A warrior stared at the person meditating at the bottom of the sea and said hesitantly, "Senior Brother Lang, that is a warrior in the False Tribulation Realm!"
Senior Brother Lang also showed a trace of hesitation. They could not fight against a warrior in the False Tribulation Realm. Even if he was seriously injured, it was still a piece of cake for him to take the lives of these warriors in the Divine Reflection Realm.