Senior Brother Wolf hesitated for a moment and finally chose to retreat. The five warriors moved towards the water and quickly left.
Although Luo Zheng had his eyes closed, how could he not know that he had just been targeted by the five Divine Reflection Realm guys?
Speaking of which, he was unlucky. When he entered the Sea God Continent, he encountered a violent space storm and ended up on the Sky Eagle Prairie. When he came back, he encountered another space storm.
Fortunately, this time Luo Zheng had comprehended the second level of the Law of Space. In addition, Luo Zheng's cultivation had also improved, so his strength was not the same as before. Even though the space storm this time was more violent than last time, Luo Zheng was not seriously injured. However, there was still a lot of space power in his body. Now he really had to spend some effort to expel the space power out of his body.
"These five guys are self-aware." Luo Zheng closed his eyes and his pupils moved slightly under his eyelids.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt three people approaching again. Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Wasn't it said that there were few people in the Chaotic Astral Ocean? Why was this area like a city gate, full of people coming and going?
The three approaching people were also warriors of the Divine Reflection Realm. As they got closer, the three of them plunged into the water together!
"Sister Yuan, I found a black and blue mussel! It's at the bottom of that reef! " They were three female warriors. They were not independent warriors, but inner core disciples of the Fish Dragon Sect. However, the sea trial of the Fish Dragon Sect was not only for independent warriors. Even inner core disciples had to complete tasks.
After taking the Water Repelling Elixir, the three women were still swimming in the sea. Wearing feathered clothes, they looked like three mermaids and swam very flexibly.
"Well, there is indeed a black and blue mussel hiding under the reef. We have to … ah!" One of the women was talking when she suddenly noticed a person sitting on the bottom of the sea on one side of the reef. However, the scream did not spread far in the sea. The other two women saw her panicked expression and felt strange. Following her gaze, they happened to see Luo Zheng meditating at the bottom of the sea.
"How can there be someone at the bottom of the sea? Could it be a dead person? "
"Could it be that he's cultivating here?"
"How strange … Wait, this person seems to be meditating to heal himself. Could it be that he's injured?"
These three women had excellent innate talents. They had come from a second-grade family in the Easternmost City. They had never gone out to gain experience since they were young. So, they were much more naive compared to those warriors who had come out of life and death situations. So, they were less vigilant.
Seeing Luo Zheng sitting at the bottom of the sea, the three of them didn't show much fear. Instead, they "surrounded" Luo Zheng curiously. One of them even slowly floated over and gently touched Luo Zheng's body with her finger, as if she wanted to confirm whether Luo Zheng was still alive or not.
After feeling the warmth of Luo Zheng's body, the three women used true essence sound transmissions to discuss how to get Luo Zheng out of the water.
Luo Zheng didn't move. He was now trying his best to expel the Space Force from his body. With his control over the Space Force, this process wouldn't take long.
Therefore, with the combined effort of the three women, they really managed to move Luo Zheng onto a rock.
"Ouch, I'm so tired!"
"This guy doesn't look fat, but why is he so heavy? Even dragging a piece of pig iron isn't as tiring as this! "
"His eyes are closed, he looks like a statue. What's going on?"
The three women kept chattering as they curiously looked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. There were all kinds of people in this world, and these three women were so naive that it was scary. With their curious personalities, perhaps in less than two days, they would be devoured by others.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows once again. He curled his lips and sneered in his mind, "I've underestimated the greed of these guys." He could sense that a few men were approaching from a distance. Amongst these men were the same five warriors from before. However, there were three more Late Divine Core warriors.
Just now, when they were underwater, the five men had their eyes on Luo Zheng. Presumably, they were afraid of his strength, and had no choice but to share this opportunity with other stronger warriors. In other words, they were looking for strong reinforcements!
Three Late Divine Core warriors …
Perhaps this was just a small problem for Luo Zheng in the past, but for the current him, it wasn't a problem at all.
"Is he right in front?" A Divine Core warrior asked with a stern expression.
Senior disciple Lang quickly nodded his head, and a flattering expression emerged on his face. "Sect Elder Hu, he's right in front of us. He's seriously injured, and I don't think he can recover in a short period of time!"
An injured Void Tribulation warrior who couldn't even protect himself was a great temptation to anyone.
"He's just a warrior who has just broken through to the Void Tribulation realm. Even if he isn't injured, with the three of us working together, what can he do? Wasn't it just a piece of cake for him? If he doesn't fight back, I'll let him live, but if he fights back … "Another Divine Core warrior said with a sharp voice.
Sect Elder Hu shook his head and said, "It doesn't matter if he fights back or not, we'll still kill him. If he's from some big sect, letting him go will only bring us endless trouble!"
"Yes, Sect Elder Hu is right!" Senior disciple Lang agreed.
Very quickly, the eight of them arrived at their destination. At a glance, they saw three female disciples of the same sect sitting on top of a reef. Beside the three female disciples, there was a person sitting on the reef.
Sect Elder Hu furrowed his brows. He slowly approached them, then he snapped, "Yuan Qingwei! What are you doing here?! "
When the leading female disciple called Yuan Qingwei saw Sect Elder Hu, she immediately stood up and said, "Sect Elder Hu, there's a warrior here, and it looks like he's injured …"
A strange smile emerged on Sect Elder Hu's face, then he said, "Alright, I got it. You guys can leave now! Just leave this cultivator to me. "
However, the girl called Yuan Qingwei shook her head, "We're not leaving, let's wait for this man to wake up first."
"Just leave when I tell you to! Leave this to me! "Sect Elder Hu scolded once again.
No matter what, Sect Elder Hu was still a Sect Elder of the Fish Dragon Sect. Hearing his scolding, the three female disciples immediately flew away with resentful expressions.
Right after the three female disciples left, a grin emerged on Sect Elder Hu's face. After that, he took out a spear, and the other two Divine Core warriors also took out their weapons. The three of them couldn't tell how serious Luo Zheng's injuries were, but since he was still meditating in this situation, they knew his injuries couldn't be light.
However, these three Late Divine Core warriors were still on high alert. After all, they were facing a Void Tribulation warrior, so it was better for them to be careful. "No matter how serious his injuries are, let's kill him first!"
Sect Elder Hu ordered. The three Divine Core warriors immediately circulated their True Yuan and prepared to attack Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes, preparing to strike back at any moment. Right at this moment, a scream sounded out from not far away. It was the three female disciples who had returned. The leading female disciple called Yuan Qingwei asked, "Sect Elder Hu, what are you doing?!"
Sect Elder Hu coldly harrumphed. After that, he turned to senior disciple Lang and said, "Since they are courting death, I'll leave them to the five of you!"
When the five men heard Sect Elder Hu's order, a surprised expression emerged on their faces. Senior disciple Lang asked, "Sect Elder Hu, what do you mean by leaving them to the five of us?"
"You can do whatever you want, just kill them after this!" Sect Elder Hu understood senior disciple Lang's meaning.
"Alright!" Senior disciple Lang and the other men immediately became excited. Ever since they joined the Fish Dragon Sect, they had to abide by the sect's rules. It had been a long time since they had tasted a woman, let alone a female Divine Reflection warrior.
Right after Sect Elder Hu finished speaking, the five Divine Reflection warriors immediately dashed towards Yuan Qingwei and the other two female disciples.
Although these three female disciples were naive and romantic, they weren't idiots. When they saw what was happening, how could they not understand their current situation?
"Let's go! Let's return to the sect and tell master! "A ruthless expression emerged on Yuan Qingwei's face. The three female disciples immediately turned around and sped away.
However, the five men who were chasing after them all had mocking smiles on their faces. "Return? Do you think you still have a chance to return? "
At the same time, Sect Elder Hu had finally attacked Luo Zheng. Right when Sect Elder Hu was about to thrust his spear towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's slightly squinted eyes suddenly opened. He stared at the three Divine Core warriors as if he was looking at a dead man, and a faint smile emerged on his face.