Noticing that Luo Zheng had suddenly opened his eyes, the three Divine Core warriors' expressions changed. The warrior surnamed Hu even shouted out loudly, "Quick, kill him with all your strength!"
As Divine Core warriors, these three men were well aware of this principle. Either they didn't attack, or they attacked with all their might. If they held back, they would face a crazy counterattack from their opponent!
Therefore, there was no hesitation on their faces.
Facing the ferocious attacks from the three Late Divine Core warriors, Luo Zheng still didn't move. He opened his eyes, and gently touched the Sumeru Ring on his chest. After that, a spear suddenly shot out, and countless Sword Souls instantly formed on the spear!
Xun's tall and slender body instantly condensed. Xun threw a charming and elegant smile at the three warriors. She extended her hand to receive the long spear. With a light flick of her wrist, the long spear instantly swung out.
"Clang clang clang!"
The weapons in the three men's hands were only Low Grade Immortal Weapons, and when they collided with the Mid Grade Immortal Weapon, they instantly shattered into pieces!
When the warrior surnamed Hu saw the Mid Grade Saint Weapon, he knew that something bad was about to happen!
Low Grade Saint Weapons were extremely precious in the Central Domain, and there were only a few of them in the entire Central Domain. Not to mention, this was a Mid Grade Saint Weapon!
Also, what was this beautiful woman who had suddenly appeared? She was a Sword Soul!
This woman was not someone they could fight against!
Right at this moment, all three of them were extremely regretful. However, there was no medicine for regret when it came to killing someone and robbing someone's treasure. Since they were going to kill someone, they had to be prepared to die!
These three men had been through a lot, and when they saw that the situation was bad, they immediately cooperated with each other and retreated in three different directions.
However, Xun didn't give them the chance to run away. She lightly shook the spear in her hand, and three invisible ripples shot out. A Divine Core warrior was only equivalent to a Seventh to Tenth Grade warrior on the Sea God Continent!
Besides, these three men were only from a Third Grade Sect, the Fish Dragon Sect. Compared to Divine Realm geniuses like Xia Shuang and Mu Qingyang, they were far inferior.
"Pop pop pop pop!"
Three streaks of blood bloomed on the backs of the three warriors. They didn't have any chance to fight back, and were immediately thrown into the ocean like kites with their strings cut. Blood splashed onto the surface of the ocean.
"It's settled," Xun said to Luo Zheng with a relaxed smile.
For some reason, after Luo Zheng returned to the central region, Xun felt a sense of joy and relief. As the queen of the Yao Night Clan, she had always been a proud and eccentric person. She was used to giving orders, and only those in a higher position could control those in a lower position.
But now, Xun seemed to have developed a sense of dependence in her heart. When Xun did things for Luo Zheng, she felt very happy.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. "But those three women …"
"Who cares if they die?" The others were worthless in Smoky's eyes.
Luo Zheng suddenly stood up and said, "Forget it. In any case, I spent a lot of effort to get you out of the sea." At this time, Luo Zheng's Space Force was almost completely expelled. Only a small amount of Space Force was left in his body, and it didn't affect him much.
Then, Luo Zheng jumped off the reef, turned into a stream of light, and flew in a certain direction!
Yuan Qingwei and the other two female disciples were frightened by this time, and they flew along the sea surface. The three of them had grown up under the protection of their elder brother and parents, and they had never seen the dangers of the world of warriors. They couldn't figure out why Elder Hu wanted to kill that man. Why did Elder Hu send people to kill them just because they wanted to find the black and green clam at the bottom of the sea?
There were many things that they couldn't figure out, but Yuan Qingwei didn't have time to think about it. The five people behind them were cursing and chasing after them. No matter how naive the three of them were, they knew clearly what would happen to them if they fell into their hands.
But why was the sea in front of them so vast? Why couldn't they run into a fellow disciple at this time?
"Ah!" One of the female disciples suddenly screamed, and a small spear appeared on her back. The spear glowed with a bright blue light, and it was obviously smeared with poison.
The female disciple's body went limp, and she fell toward the sea surface.
However, a warrior stepped forward and held the female disciple. "Hey, hey, hey, don't worry. You won't die for a while! This is just an anesthetic. Even if you want to die, you have to wait until I'm satisfied! "
At the same time, the other female disciple screamed again. She was hit by the same trick and fell into their hands.
Seeing this scene, Yuan Qingwei suddenly felt dizzy. She couldn't turn back, and she couldn't. If she stayed here, she would die. If she could escape, she still had a chance to avenge her two little sisters!
"I want to escape!" Yuan Qingwei, who was usually as docile as a sheep, suddenly showed a trace of fierceness on her face.
But at this time, a figure suddenly appeared in front of her. The man's face was tattooed with a black scorpion, and his face was full of gloomy aura.
"You can't escape." Senior Brother Wolf stared at Yuan Qingwei and said, "Junior Sister, why don't you play with us?"
"You are not my Senior Brother!" Yuan Qingwei gritted her teeth and pulled out her weapon. It was indeed a flying sword, and it was an Upper Grade Fairy Weapon.
Senior Brother Wolf smiled and said, "You're right. I'm not your Senior Brother. If it weren't for the influence of the situation in the Central Domain, I wouldn't have joined your bullshit Fish Dragon Sect!"
"If the Sect Master and Elders find out about this, you will all die without a burial place!" Yuan Qingwei was already extremely furious.
Senior Brother Wolf shook his head and smiled. "Unfortunately, they won't know. If they knew, we wouldn't have done it."
From the beginning, they had already planned to kill her. At this time, Senior Brother Wolf didn't hesitate to speak.
"Go to hell!" The flying sword in Yuan Qingwei's hand suddenly shot out.
"You are indeed a disciple of an aristocratic family. You have an Upper Grade Fairy Weapon with such a cultivation. I like this flying sword very much. I'll take it!" A gloomy smile appeared on Senior Brother Wolf's face. His figure flashed slightly, and he easily avoided Yuan Qingwei's flying sword.
It was reasonable to say that Yuan Qingwei's cultivation was on par with Senior Brother Wolf's cultivation. Moreover, her cultivation method and foundation were far superior to Senior Brother Wolf's. If they were to fight head-on, Senior Brother Wolf would definitely not be a match for Yuan Qingwei.
Unfortunately, Yuan Qingwei's adaptability was too poor. She rarely had the opportunity to fight with people, let alone the experience of fighting on the line between life and death!
On the other hand, Senior Brother Wolf's group of five were pirates. It was common for them to rob and kill people for their goods. Their combat experience was far beyond Yuan Qingwei's. Therefore, when they moved their fingers, it was as if the two of them were not on the same level, but several levels apart!
Therefore, Senior Brother Wolf made a feint to trick Yuan Qingwei into shooting out the flying sword. His figure flashed again, and this time he was behind Yuan Qingwei. He even put his chin on Yuan Qingwei's shoulder arrogantly. He blew into Yuan Qingwei's ear and then said lightly, "Your cultivation and strength are good, but it's a pity that you have no combat experience. If you control the flying sword like you do, you will never be able to stab people in your life!"
Yuan Qingwei's expression changed greatly. She elbowed behind her and at the same time, controlled the flying sword to come back. The flying sword stabbed out from under Yuan Qingwei's ribs.
However, Senior Brother Wolf seemed to have guessed Yuan Qingwei's every thought. He only took a small step away and easily avoided Yuan Qingwei's series of attacks. He still stuck close to Yuan Qingwei's back like a ghost. This time, he even reached out and put his hand on Yuan Qingwei's small waist. "Junior Sister, I've told you, you can't hurt me!"
Although Yuan Qingwei had little combat experience, her mind was very firm. At this time, Yuan Qingwei also used all her strength.
Senior Brother Wolf liked to torture his prey, especially this kind of strong woman. He still stuck behind Yuan Qingwei, as if he was teasing a caged beast …
But this time, Yuan Qingwei's flying sword did not turn back. Instead, it stabbed toward a warrior not far away.
That martial artist was busy tearing apart the female disciple's clothes, only to hear the sound of cloth tearing, accompanied by the sound of the martial artist's lewd laughter. He never thought that at this time, a flying sword would quietly arrive!