Yuan Qingwei had never killed anyone before, but under her ferocity, the flying sword even began to spin when it pierced through the martial artist's chest, directly twisting a large hole in his chest!
"Zhou Zhuo!"
The five of them had been risking their lives for many years, and because of their cautiousness, they had never failed. But today, when they were hunting down these three girls, one of them had fallen!
Cultivator Lang let out a furious roar, then he reached out his hand and tried to grab Yuan Qingwei.
Yuan Qingwei had given up on resisting, and her face was filled with a determined expression. She had given up on her own life, she just wanted to die!
But right at this moment, Cultivator Lang suddenly stood in front of Yuan Qingwei like a puppet.
Right at this moment, an indifferent voice sounded out. "Try shooting him with your flying sword again, see if you can make him …"
Yuan Qingwei was startled. She looked around, but no one was around. The man in front of her was just standing in front of her, as if someone had cast a Body Freezing Art on him. This was an opportunity for her!
Yuan Qingwei didn't dare hesitate, she controlled the flying sword to circle back to Cultivator Lang's face.
Although the cultivator surnamed Lang couldn't move his body, he could still speak, "You smelly bitch, how dare you!" Looking at Yuan Qingwei's fierce expression, the cultivator surnamed Lang roared again, "Who is it? Who is it?! "
Luo Zheng slowly appeared behind Yuan Qingwei, and he stared at Cultivator Lang with an indifferent expression.
When the cultivator surnamed Lang saw Luo Zheng appear here unscathed, his face filled with shock. Wasn't this guy seriously injured? He was just an Early Void Tribulation warrior, and even if he wanted to fight three Late Divine Core Sect Elders, he couldn't defeat them in a short period of time. Could it be … all of them were dead?
This was impossible …
Cultivator Lang's thoughts ended here. Without any hesitation, Yuan Qingwei's flying sword pierced through his head, causing blood to splash out. After that, the flying sword fell back into the water.
Yuan Qingwei turned her head around and saw the man in front of her. He was the man she had spent a tremendous amount of effort to drag onto the reef.
"Quick, quick, save my junior sister …" Yuan Qingwei's mind had been tense all this time. Moreover, she had just killed two people in a row. She was almost on the verge of collapse. She closed her eyes and fainted.
After a long time, Yuan Qingwei slowly woke up. She instinctively raised her body and saw her two sisters lying beside her. Although their clothes were messy, their breathing was stable. They were unharmed!
Were they all saved by that man?
Yuan Qingwei raised her head and saw that the man was sitting on another reef. He seemed to be healing her.
She flew over and landed lightly on the reef, sizing up the slightly thin man in front of her.
At that moment, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. He glanced at Yuan Qingwei and said, "You're awake."
Yuan Qingwei nodded. "May I ask … what is your name?"
"I'm not your benefactor. If it weren't for me, you wouldn't have been involved in this for no reason. It's your kindness that saved yourselves," Luo Zheng replied.
However, Yuan Qingwei said, "Father always said that people should know how to repay kindness. I only know this."
A helpless smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. What kind of father raised this daughter of his? She was so pure and innocent. He was asking for death by letting her step into the world of warriors!
Then, he shook his head and said, "My name is Luo Zheng."
"Luo Zheng! You're that Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall? "Yuan Qingwei's eyes widened. She had never expected this.
"You've heard of me?" Luo Zheng asked lightly. Although it was a question, Luo Zheng was not surprised.
There were many people in the Central Domain who knew Luo Zheng. Since Luo Zheng's departure from the Martial Arts Competition, he had become famous all over the world!
Then, he helped the Cloud Hall build the strongest Sect Protection Array. He relied on the Sect Protection Array to challenge Cui Xie. Since then, Luo Zheng's fame had skyrocketed! At that time, Luo Zheng was only in the Divine Reflection Realm. A warrior in the Divine Reflection Realm dared to challenge the strongest person in the Central Domain. This kind of courage and boldness might not be desirable in the eyes of the elders, but among the younger generation of warriors, he had become half a legend!
His story had been repeated over and over again, and it had spawned countless versions. No matter which version it was, it would make people's hearts surge.
"Of course I've heard of you. But aren't you in the Divine Reflection Realm? How come you're already … "Yuan Qingwei sized up Luo Zheng." And there are rumors in the Central Domain that you're already dead! "
Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't care about himself. Instead, he cared about the situation in the Cloud Hall and news about his sister.
"What's the situation in the Central Domain now?" Luo Zheng asked.
Obviously, Yuan Qingwei wasn't the kind of person who cared too much about the situation. In contrast, she was more willing to listen to other people's stories about Luo Zheng. However, as an inner disciple of the Fish Dragon Sect, she knew more or less about the situation.
"Now all the sects in the Central Domain have united together. It's said that they want to eliminate all the independent warriors," Yuan Qingwei said, curling her lips.
"Why?" Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face.
Yuan Qingwei curled her lips. "Because they want to force all the independent warriors to join the sects! That's why our Fish Dragon Sect is now a mess. There are all kinds of people! "
The eight warriors killed by Luo Zheng today were all independent warriors. However, the old man surnamed Hu joined the Fish Dragon Sect early, so he got the position of Elder.
"What about the Cloud Hall?"
"What about the World Business Alliance?"
"What about the Void Spirit Sect?"
Luo Zheng asked several questions. Yuan Qingwei stared at Luo Zheng with her eyes wide open. Her eyes didn't move, but Luo Zheng understood her expression. She clearly didn't know!
"Do your two sisters know?" Luo Zheng asked. He noticed that the other two female disciples were slowly waking up.
"No …" Yuan Qingwei answered for her sisters without hesitation.
Luo Zheng exhaled and then said, "Well, the Fish Dragon Sect is not far from here, right?"
"Well, I can show you the way!" Yuan Qingwei finally found that she was a little useful.
After the two female disciples woke up, the four of them went to the Fish Dragon Sect. After the two female disciples learned about Luo Zheng's identity, the three of them chattered non-stop along the way, as if they had forgotten about the life and death crisis they had just faced …
The three women threw all kinds of questions at Luo Zheng, which immediately gave Luo Zheng a headache.
On the way, Xun couldn't stand it anymore. She turned into a little red light and rushed out of her body, releasing a strong power toward the three women. Then Xun scolded, "You three, shut up!"
The three women immediately shut up. Xun's sudden appearance really scared them. However, Xun's scolding only lasted for a few breaths of time before the three women surrounded Xun.
"Sister, why is your skin so white?"
"What are your clothes made of? Why do they look like they're made of leaves? But they're very tough! "
"Hey, sister, why are your ears so sharp …"
Xun rolled her eyes helplessly and said to Luo Zheng, "I can't help you!" Then she turned into a little red light again and drilled into Luo Zheng's body.
Fortunately, the Fish Dragon Sect was built on a mountain near the sea, and the sea area under their feet was originally the coastal sea. After flying over this sea area, Luo Zheng saw a large sect!
Although the Fish Dragon Sect was only a third-grade sect, there were many disciples in it. It accounted for about one-third of the Purple Heart Holy Land!
This was also because there were too few humans on the Sea God Continent. Any decent sect in the Central Domain had millions of disciples. Some large sects had millions or even tens of millions of disciples, such as the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect.
At the gate of the Fish Dragon Sect, hundreds of lights flashed in the entire sect. Those were the lights emitted by the sect's protective array.
After a while, two streams of light flew over. They were two warriors at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. One of them questioned Luo Zheng, "Who are you?"
Yuan Qingwei smiled and said to one of the warriors, "Elder Yu, this is Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall!"
"Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall?"
The two False Tribulation Realm elders looked at each other. One of them had a strange expression, "Isn't Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall dead? Why are you pretending to be him? "