Back then, Luo Zheng had actually left without saying goodbye. Since the opening of the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, many top warriors from various sects had entered and obtained many opportunities. Many of them had died, and the sects in the entire Central Domain had undergone earth-shaking changes.
Luo Zheng was the first to pass through the Wheel of Fortune in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb. However, when the warriors from various sects returned, they discovered that Luo Zheng had disappeared!
No one knew whether he was dead or alive. The Cloud Hall was also tight-lipped about this, which gave the outside world room to speculate. Most warriors believed that Luo Zheng must have died.
There were many warriors who had entered the Immortal Tomb by relying on the Spirit Lamp of the Immortal Tomb. What had happened in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb couldn't be hidden. All kinds of incredible and terrifying things in the Wheel of Fortune had been vividly described. Therefore, it wasn't hard for people to accept that Luo Zheng had died. After all, even a False Tribulation Realm elder would die. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a Divine Reflection Realm warrior!
"Why are there rumors that I'm dead?" Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. It seemed that he really shouldn't have left without saying goodbye. "Forget it. I want to see the Sect Master of the Fish Dragon Sect."
"It doesn't matter whether you are Luo Zheng or not. You have nothing to do with the Fish Dragon Sect. Leave quickly." Another False Tribulation Realm elder wasn't very interested in Luo Zheng's identity. The situation in the entire Central Domain was unpredictable. It was better to be cautious.
At this time, Yuan Qingwei said, "Elder Yu, Luo Zheng just saved our lives …"
"Nonsense, Yuan Qingwei! The three of you, come here! " The elder scolded Yuan Qingwei. Then he turned to Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Friend, this is a special time. If you don't leave, don't blame me for being impolite."
Luo Zheng came to the Fish Dragon Sect with no other request. He just wanted to inquire about the Central Domain through the Fish Dragon Sect. He didn't expect the two elders in the False Tribulation Realm to be so rude. Luo Zheng's face darkened, and then he said coldly, "Just now, people from the Fish Dragon Sect tried to kill me when I was healing. I have to settle this account with the Fish Dragon Sect!"
"Nonsense. How could someone from the Fish Dragon Sect do such a thing?" Elder Yu retorted coldly to Luo Zheng.
"Elder Yu …" Yuan Qingwei wanted to say something, but as soon as she opened her mouth, Elder Yu shouted, "Shut up!"
"Humph, boy, you really came to the Fish Dragon Sect to make trouble! But you have to look carefully. The Fish Dragon Sect is a third-grade sect. You are just a warrior in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. I don't know who gave you the confidence! "The other elder in the False Tribulation Realm sneered.
There were three elders in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm in the Fish Dragon Sect, and the Sect Master was a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. In the eyes of these two elders, Luo Zheng had reached the False Tribulation Realm at such a young age. But after all, he was only in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. How could he fight against four warriors in the False Tribulation Realm of the Fish Dragon Sect alone?
"Friend, please leave quickly." Elder Yu's body began to revolve a pale green true essence. He cultivated a type of poison technique. Although it couldn't compare to the 'Five Poison Scripture', this type of poison technique was still very difficult to deal with.
Luo Zheng glanced at the elder in the False Tribulation Realm. Although there was no killing intent in Luo Zheng's eyes, for some reason, the elder's heart trembled involuntarily. Then Luo Zheng said slowly, "Make trouble? Well, since you said I'm making trouble, then let's make a scene! "
Then Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and suddenly, a surging Qi Power was released! With the improvement of Luo Zheng's cultivation, his soul became more and more stable, and the pressure released by his powerful soul became more and more terrifying!
The two elders in the False Tribulation Realm suddenly felt as if a mountain was pressing down on them. The powerful pressure made them breathless, and their heads hurt so much that they felt like they were going to split open!
Although Luo Zheng's Spiritual Pressure was released in front of him, there was always a small part of it dissipating in all directions. How could Yuan Qingwei and the other two female disciples beside Luo Zheng withstand it? Their faces suddenly turned pale!
How could they have imagined that the young man, who looked as gentle as the wind just now, would become so terrifying at this time!
Yuan Qingwei's face was as white as a sheet of paper. Although there was a look of fear on her face, her eyes were full of excitement. Luo Zheng really lived up to his reputation. He could suppress the two elders of the Fish Dragon Sect with his aura alone! He was young and had absolute strength, which was very attractive to any girl.
"This … friend, it seems that you really want to fight!" Although Elder Yu's face was ugly, he could not let an outsider show off in the sect. He resisted Luo Zheng's Spiritual Pressure and was about to attack Luo Zheng with his Genuine Essence.
Luo Zheng faintly raised his eyebrows, and Xun suddenly drilled out of Luo Zheng's body. With a long spear in her hand, the tip of the spear stabbed out at lightning speed and placed it on Elder Yu's neck. As long as the tip of the spear shook slightly, Elder Yu's head would fall to the ground.
However, the aura that Xun exuded made her seem like the ruler of all living beings. There was no trace of pity in her clear and beautiful red eyes. Elder Yu knew very well that if he moved even the slightest bit, this woman would not show any mercy!
"Haha, Young Hero Luo Zheng, please forgive me for not coming out to welcome you!" At this time, a loud voice rang out, and a streamer shot out from the Fish Dragon Sect and stopped steadily in mid-air. "May I know why Young Hero Luo Zheng has come to visit me?"
Previously, they had doubted Luo Zheng's identity, but after seeing Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, how could they not be sure of Luo Zheng's identity? Anyone who had heard of Luo Zheng's legend knew that his Sword Spirit was a beautiful woman from a different race. There were very few swordsmen in the Central Domain who had Sword Spirits, and no one but Luo Zheng had a Sword Spirit who could transform into a beautiful woman!
Previously, Luo Zheng only wanted to visit this person, but Yuan Qingwei did not know anything. This time, Luo Zheng naturally wanted to straighten out the situation in the Central Domain before returning to the Cloud Hall.
However, these two Sect Elders from the Fish Dragon Sect didn't know what was going on, and they wanted to chase him away. Luo Zheng had nearly been plotted against by them, and since they didn't know what was going on, Luo Zheng had no choice but to reason with them.
"Sect Chief Xiao," Luo Zheng didn't have a smile on his face. With a deep voice, he said, "Just now, when I was healing my injuries in the ocean, I was attacked by three Divine Core warriors from your sect. I'm here to ask for an explanation!"
"Is that so?" Sect Chief Xiao's expression darkened as he questioned Elder Yu. "Why is there such scum in my sect? Elder Yu, who are those three Divine Core warriors?"
How could Elder Yu know who they were? When he heard the Sect Chief's question, his eyes flickered as he saw Yuan Qingwei standing not far away from him. With a stern voice, he asked, "Yuan Qingwei, why didn't you report what happened?"
Being questioned like this, Yuan Qingwei was startled for a moment. With a wronged expression, she said, "Elder Yu, you didn't want me to say anything just now, I've told you a few times …"
Sect Chief Xiao coldly harrumphed at Elder Yu. After that, with a kind smile on his face, he said to Yuan Qingwei, "Tell me what happened in detail." Sect Chief Xiao didn't know why Luo Zheng came here.
But, as he was able to become the Sect Chief, he was a smart man. There were only a few dozen Divine Core warriors in the Fish Dragon Sect, and most of them were from the Sect itself. Those independent warriors were arrogant and unruly, and they might have done something like this. If it wasn't the Fish Dragon Sect who did this, Sect Chief Xiao wouldn't have allowed Luo Zheng to frame them with such a crime. But, if it was really the Fish Dragon Sect who did this, then it was a different story.
After that, Yuan Qingwei told Sect Chief Xiao about how they found Luo Zheng at the bottom of the sea, how they brought him up to the reef, how they met Elder Hu, and how they were attacked by those independent warriors.
After listening to the story, Sect Chief Xiao let out a hollow laugh. He glared at Elder Yu, then he turned to Luo Zheng and said politely, "Young hero Luo Zheng, this is the Fish Dragon Sect's fault! I apologize to you on behalf of the Fish Dragon Sect! As for the reason behind this, please come to my pavilion and we'll talk about it in detail! "
In fact, Luo Zheng felt it was strange as well. Although the Fish Dragon Sect was only a Third Grade Sect, it still had some fame in the Central Domain. But, the men he saw just now had strong killing intent, and they didn't look like ordinary disciples.
Since Sect Chief Xiao had invited him, Luo Zheng wouldn't refuse. Besides, Luo Zheng didn't plan to talk about this matter. It was only after the two Void Tribulation Elders made things difficult for him that Luo Zheng brought it up.
＝＝＝＝＝