In the Tianshui Pavilion of the Fish Dragon Sect.
Steam curled up from a cup of fragrant tea. As the music played, more than ten maids danced gracefully. They were enchanting and extremely beautiful.
Sect Master Xiao sat on Luo Zheng's left and said with a smile, "It's rumored in the Central Domain that Young Hero Luo Zheng died in the immortal tomb. Seeing that you're safe and sound, this rumor seems to be true."
Luo Zheng didn't care about this rumor at all. Instead, he asked directly, "Sect Master Xiao, why did you explain it to me?"
Sect Master Xiao sighed and said, "It seems that Young Hero Luo Zheng hasn't been in the Central Domain for the past two years. You don't know anything about the situation in the Central Domain."
"That's why I'm here," Luo Zheng said seriously. If it weren't for the news, he wouldn't be bothered to stay in this third-rank sect!
Sect Master Xiao nodded and said, "Since the opening of the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, many fourth-rank and fifth-rank sects in the Central Domain returned. The entire Central Domain was peaceful for a while. However, half a year later, a new force was born in the Central Domain. This force was formed by Cui Xie. It's called the Kingdom of Evil Deities!"
Hearing Cui Xie's news, Luo Zheng's expression suddenly became very serious. He was most concerned about Cui Xie and the Cloud Hall. The former concerned the fate of Luo Yan, while the Cloud Hall concerned the fate of Ning Yudie. However, Luo Zheng only listened and didn't interrupt Sect Master Xiao.
"However, the Kingdom of Gods was self-proclaimed by Cui Xie! The warriors in the Central Domain didn't recognize it at all! "Sect Master Xiao sneered.
When a Sect developed to a Rank 6 Sect, it could be regarded as a Holy Land or Divine Nation. A Holy Land could still be considered a Sect. For example, the Purple Heart Holy Land could be considered a Rank 6 Sect, and the Sky Feather Holy Land could be considered a Rank 7 Sect!
But a God's Kingdom was different. After it was established, the entire God's Kingdom belonged to Cui Xie alone! He Cui Xie would ascend the throne just like the emperor of the mortal world!
Cui Xie had established the Kingdom of Evil Deities in the Central Domain. He wanted to include the entire Central Domain, and all the Fifth Grade Sects, Fourth Grade Sects, and even the Third Grade and Second Grade Sects in the Central Domain would submit to Cui Xie!
How could the other martial practitioners of the Central Domain be willing to lower their heads to Cui Xie?
When Cui Xie had just established the Kingdom of Evil Deities, several large Sects had jointly declared that they refused to recognize the existence of the Kingdom of Evil Deities!
Regardless of whether it was the World Business Alliance or the Void Spirit Sect, none of them objected to Cui Xie establishing a Sect! Regardless of whether Cui Xie named it "Tian Xie Sect" or "Earth Evil Sect", there was no problem. New Sects were born in the Central Domain every year, and new Sects would rise every year. However, it couldn't be called the "Kingdom of Evil Deities"!
However, Cui Xie had already made up his mind. He began to wantonly recruit and recruit independent martial practitioners from the entire Central Domain.
Many years ago, someone had asserted that the strongest power in the Central Domain wasn't the World Business Alliance or the Void Spirit Sect, but independent martial practitioners!
Independent martial practitioners referred to those martial practitioners who didn't join any Sects. These martial practitioners relied on their own experience to grow.
Although their cultivation environment was far inferior to that of the Sects, and most of their talents couldn't be compared to the Sects' disciples, the large Sects would often discover geniuses who stepped into the Martial Dao.
However, independent martial practitioners had the advantage of having a large population. With so many geniuses divided among the Sects, there were bound to be some geniuses left out! Therefore, independent martial practitioners were a power that couldn't be ignored.
Cui Xie had recruited all the independent martial practitioners in the entire Central Domain. The Kingdom of Evil Deities was also rapidly expanding.
"Actually, the Fish Dragon Sect wasn't willing to recruit independent martial practitioners either." Sect Master Xiao smiled bitterly. "Among these independent martial practitioners, some were originally robbers. If they joined the Fish Dragon Sect, it would ruin our reputation! However, under the circumstances, we had no choice but to do so! "
If they recruited independent martial practitioners, then independent martial practitioners would continuously join the Kingdom of Evil Deities. Therefore, the World Business Alliance had no choice but to work with the Void Spirit Sect and the Cloud Hall to inform all the Sects in the Central Domain to also crazily recruit independent martial practitioners!
For many independent martial practitioners who had just stepped onto the Martial Dao, the Sects might be very attractive. However, for those who had grown up, the attraction of joining a Sect was far less intense. After all, after joining a Sect, they would be bound by the Sect's rules. Moreover, those independent martial practitioners were used to being free. How would they be willing to join a Sect?
In fact, this problem also existed in the Kingdom of Evil Deities. However, the Kingdom of Evil Deities had just been established and didn't have many restrictions on the martial practitioners in the Godly Kingdom. Instead, Cui Xie promised many benefits to those independent martial practitioners. In the future, when the Kingdom of Evil Deities was fully developed, these people would all receive great benefits and rewards!
Many Sects in the Central Domain were also unwilling to be left behind. To sum it up in two words, it was coercion and temptation.
After the situation evolved step by step to the present, there was less and less space for independent martial practitioners to survive. They could either choose to join the Kingdom of Evil Deities or choose to join a Sect! No matter which Sect you joined, you had to be a Sect disciple. Otherwise, trouble would come knocking!
"How can this be?" Hearing Sect Master Xiao's words, Luo Zheng also felt that it was somewhat inconceivable.
"In the beginning, no one expected things to develop to this point. Now, almost no one in the Central Domain dares to say that they are independent martial practitioners …" Sect Master Xiao smiled and said, "I think there will be a battle between the Sects and Cui Xie!"
Luo Zheng nodded. When he heard the two words "Cui Xie", his eyes became sharp!
"There is one more thing that I would like to ask Sect Master Xiao," Luo Zheng asked again.
"Just say it!" Sect Master Xiao's expression was very polite. Why was he so angry with Elder Yu just now? First of all, Luo Zheng was not someone he could afford to offend. The Cloud Hall was now a fifth-grade Sect. His Fish Dragon Sect could never catch up to it! Moreover, Luo Zheng's Rune Technique had become a legend in the Central Domain. If he could befriend Luo Zheng, he could ask Luo Zheng to give him a Sect-Protecting Formation. It didn't need to be as powerful as the one in the Cloud Hall. As long as it had half of the power, it would be able to benefit his Fish Dragon Sect immensely!
"Cui Xie's Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation … is it completed?" Luo Zheng asked cautiously. In fact, he was very reluctant to ask this question because he was afraid of hearing an affirmative answer! However, Luo Zheng knew that there were some things in this world that he had to face.
Sect Master Xiao knew about the conflict between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie. He knew that Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, had fallen into Cui Xie's hands. Of course, Luo Zheng would be concerned about this problem. Sect Master Xiao immediately said, "No. It is said that the entire Kingdom of Evil Deities is now looking for a woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body!"
Hearing Sect Master Xiao's words, Luo Zheng immediately breathed a sigh of relief. In the past two years, Luo Zheng had been most worried about this matter.
It seemed that fate was still on Luo Zheng's side!
Seeing Luo Zheng's happy face, Sect Master Xiao hurriedly said, "Young Hero Luo Zheng, don't worry. The Extreme Purple Yin Body is said to be rare. How can it be so easy to find?"
Luo Zheng nodded. Since he had returned to the Central Domain, the hatred between him and Cui Xie would definitely come to an end!
"Young Hero Luo Zheng, you said that you were recuperating. If you don't mind, I can provide you with a place to stay. Our Fish Dragon Sect may not be able to give you other things, but elixirs and the like …" Sect Master Xiao hurriedly said.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I was just passing by. Since I have returned to the Central Domain, I naturally have to hurry back. Thank you for your hospitality, Sect Master Xiao. I still have to rush back to the Cloud Hall."
After talking with Sect Master Xiao, Luo Zheng only caught two pieces of information. First, the Cloud Hall was safe and sound. Second, the third person with the Extreme Purple Yin Body had not been found! Luo Zheng was satisfied with these two pieces of information.
"Since Young Hero Luo Zheng has important matters to attend to, I won't keep you any longer." Then Sect Master Xiao stood up and saw Luo Zheng off. He even called the three False Tribulation Realm elders of the Fish Dragon Sect to see him off.
After Luo Zheng turned into a stream of light and disappeared into the horizon, Elder Yu said unwillingly, "Sect Master, why are you so polite to this kid?"
Although Elder Yu knew Luo Zheng's identity, Luo Zheng had nothing to do with the Fish Dragon Sect. Why should he be so polite to him?