Although Luo Zheng was only in the False Tribulation Realm now, Sect Master Xiao was clear about his relationship with Ning Yudie.
Luo Zheng was bound to become the core figure of the Cloud Hall. Moreover, Sect Master Xiao wanted to find an opportunity to ask Luo Zheng to help set up the Sect Protecting Formation. This time, he couldn't ask. After all, he had no relation to Luo Zheng. However, if he befriended Luo Zheng this time, he could find an opportunity to ask next time …
A purple-black stream of light flashed across the horizon, covering a distance of several kilometers in a single breath.
Even though Luo Zheng's speed was extremely strange, it wouldn't take him a day or two to reach Cloud Sea City with his speed. Therefore, Luo Zheng wasn't heading towards Cloud Sea City, but a large city in the east of the Central Domain, Void Sky City.
Cloud Sea City was built on the basis of the Cloud Hall, while Void Sky City was built on the basis of the Void Spirit Sect. As for the headquarters of the World Business Alliance, it was in Tianqi City. Behind every prosperous and large city stood an even larger sect.
These large cities had teleportation formations built between them. If Luo Zheng passed through Void Sky City, his speed would be much faster.
Two days later, Luo Zheng arrived in the sky above this ancient city.
If Tianqi City was the most prosperous city in the entire Central Domain because of the existence of the World Business Alliance, then Void Sky City was the most ancient city in the Central Domain because the Void Spirit Sect's history was much longer than the World Business Alliance's.
Standing in the sky above Void Sky City, one could see that the entire city was filled with ancient buildings. These buildings more or less had some historical allusions and were mentioned in various ancient poems. It could be considered a historical city.
As soon as he approached Void Sky City, Luo Zheng sensed a Forbidden Flight Restriction. It was said that the Forbidden Flight Restriction in Void Sky City was created by Feng Guanyu, but it was later destroyed. However, the Void Spirit Sect still hired many rune masters and spent a large amount of money to set up this Forbidden Flight Restriction again.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could actually completely ignore this Forbidden Flight Restriction, but after thinking about it, he didn't want to cause unnecessary trouble, so he landed on the official road and walked towards Void Sky City.
Several armored soldiers stood at the gate of the Void Sky City, constantly scanning the people entering and exiting the city gate.
Mortals without any True Yuan or True Energy in their bodies could pass through freely. If they were martial artists, they would be stopped and interrogated.
When Luo Zheng raised his head and walked over, he was also stopped by those soldiers.
These soldiers were only Xiantian life forms. They sized up Luo Zheng and found that they couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cultivation. Their expressions changed slightly, and one of them said politely, "Friend, we have a custom in Virtual Sky City. We have to check the affiliation of warriors. Independent warriors are not allowed to enter. May I ask which sect or family you belong to?"
Currently, all the major sects were desperately squeezing the living space of independent warriors. What the Void Sky City did was light. In some places, there were even big conflicts with independent warriors, and hundreds of independent warriors were killed …
"So, independent warriors aren't even allowed to enter the city?" Hearing this rule, Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless. This was really forcing independent warriors to join sects.
"That's right," the soldier said with a smile. "You also know the current situation in the Central Domain. If you're an independent warrior, I can help you find someone. With your strength, it won't be a problem for you to join the Void Spirit Sect."
When that armored soldier saw Luo Zheng dawdling, he treated him as an independent martial artist.
Luo Zheng immediately shook his head. "Thank you for your kindness, but I'm from the Cloud Hall."
"Cloud Hall?" The soldier's eyes flashed. "May I ask how you can prove it?"
Luo Zheng reached out and tapped the ring on his chest lightly. Then, he took out a nameplate from the ring. It was the disciple nameplate that was distributed to Luo Zheng after he joined the Cloud Hall.
The soldier pretended to turn it over and over in his hand several times. The soldier wasn't from the Cloud Hall, so how could he distinguish the authenticity of the Cloud Hall's disciple nameplate? However, even if he was pretending, he still had to check it.
In fact, many stubborn independent warriors were really unwilling to join sects, but they had to enter these big cities to do things, so they had no choice but to entrust others to forge the disciple nameplates of those sects …
After flipping it over for a while, the soldier exchanged the disciple nameplate for Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng made way for Luo Zheng. Immediately, Luo Zheng entered the Void Sky City.
The Void Sky City was an ancient city. Whether it was the streets or the food, it was very special. Luo Zheng didn't rush to the transfer array. Instead, he entered the famous Qin Yue Pavilion in the Void Sky City. He planned to rest for a short while before continuing on his journey.
The Qin Yue Pavilion wasn't very tall. It only had three floors. However, it was adjacent to the Qingshui River. The scenery was very elegant. Since ancient times, many people had come to this pavilion to recite poems. Therefore, the Qin Yue Pavilion's reputation was very great. The cost of living here was also very high.
After casually ordering a few simple and elegant dishes, Luo Zheng's gaze looked into the distance. A few scholars at a nearby table were reciting poems. When they were full of interest, they picked up the chopsticks on the table and knocked on the bowls. The person who was knocking seemed to be proficient in music. The "ding ding dong dong dong" sounded very pleasing to the ears.
Luo Zheng also listened with interest. He even applauded the other party. That person then cast a smiling face at Luo Zheng.
Most of the scholars in the Qin Yue Pavilion weren't martial artists. At this time, Luo Zheng also sighed. Even such an ordinary life was a way to live. However, Luo Zheng also knew that since he had chosen the path of a martial artist, there was absolutely no reason to retreat.
From the first day he set foot on the martial path, he was destined to compete with the heavens, with the earth, and with people. Moving forward on the martial path wasn't a paradise. However, if he retreated, he would definitely be consigned to eternal damnation!
Just as the scholar was singing and playing, several martial artists walked in. These martial artists were all at the Divine Reflection Realm. As soon as they came in, they made a racket, causing the scholars in the Qin Yue Pavilion to glare at them angrily.
However, those martial artists didn't seem to notice. These mortals couldn't enter their eyes.
Luo Zheng also didn't poke his nose into other people's business. He just minded his own business and drank and ate. However, the words of those martial artists attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
"Alas, I'm so tired! This f * cking Void Spirit Sect, when did they treat us as disciples? They simply treat us as slaves! "The martial artist drank a lot of wine and vented the unhappiness in his heart.
"Shh! Brother Cui, don't be so loud. If those inner disciples of the Void Spirit Sect hear you and complain, it will be troublesome! "Another martial artist reminded in a low voice.
Luo Zheng finally understood. These martial artists should have been independent martial artists, but they were forced to be recruited by the Void Spirit Sect. However, they were obviously very dissatisfied with the current situation.
"Alas, I hope this matter will end soon. Otherwise, I'm really tired of walking around in this city all day and being paranoid!"
"I say, that Xi Family's Young Lady should quickly find a man to sleep with. Then everything will be solved and she won't be remembered by Cui Xie!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked. His ears suddenly perked up. What did that mean? Xi Family's Young Lady? Remembered by Cui Xie?
As the number one person in the Central Domain, what kind of woman did Cui Xie not have? If he remembered that woman, it must be related to the Extreme Purple Yin Physique!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He originally maintained a sitting posture, but with this flash, his figure suddenly appeared beside the group of martial artists. He still maintained a sitting posture, and the stool under his butt also moved with him. However, he didn't make any sound from beginning to end, as if he was a ghost.
When the group of scholars saw this scene, they thought their eyes were playing tricks on them. They rubbed their eyes and looked again. They found that Luo Zheng had indeed moved his stool more than ten feet away without anyone noticing. They all widened their eyes, thinking that they had met a master.
As for the group of martial artists who were drinking to their hearts' content, they were also shocked. One of the martial artists stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Brother, what's the matter?"
"Clang," A top-grade true essence stone smashed on the table, and Luo Zheng immediately said, "I'll pay for the food and wine."
Seeing the top-grade true essence stone, the group of martial artists' eyes widened! The food in Qin Yue Pavilion was expensive, far beyond what ordinary people could afford, but that was for ordinary people. For martial artists, one or two low-grade true essence stones could eat here for half a month …