Those martial artists stared fixedly at this top-grade True Essence Stone, their minds in a state of chaos.
Even if they were Divine Reflection Realm warriors, top-grade True Origin Stones were still a huge fortune for them.
After all, not every warrior had the ability to make money like Luo Zheng. When he was in the Eastern Domain, he could easily earn a lot of square crystals by relying on the Sky Evolution Essence. After he came to the Central Domain, he learned the Divine Rune Technique. With his current level of Divine Rune Technique, as long as he asked, any sect would spend a lot of money to ask Luo Zheng to set up a Sect Protecting Array!
And second-tier third-grade sects like the Fish Dragon Sect didn't even have the qualifications to ask …
"We, we don't need that much …" One of the warriors swallowed and stammered.
"The rest is yours," Luo Zheng said lightly.
The eyes of the warriors suddenly lit up, as if there were two scorching flames burning in them. "Re, really?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
He didn't expect that the several martial artists would simultaneously shake their heads and refuse. These martial artists were very vigilant. If an unimaginably large meat pie suddenly fell from the sky, anyone would feel a sense of danger. Either this was a fatal bait, or Luo Zheng was an idiot. But these martial artists clearly didn't think Luo Zheng was an idiot!
"I don't have any requests. I just want to hear about the young lady of the Xi Family. Tell me and the top-grade True Origin Stones will be yours," Luo Zheng said lightly.
"It's that simple?" A warrior asked.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
A strange look appeared on the faces of the warriors at the same time. One of them stared at Luo Zheng and said, "You just came to Void Sky City, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes, I just arrived."
"No wonder, this matter is not a secret. Now the whole Void Sky City is talking about it …" The warrior said.
"Don't tell me that the young lady of the Xi Family has the one in ten thousand Extreme Violet Yin Body," Luo Zheng said lightly.
The warrior stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "You know?"
"I guessed." Luo Zheng's eyes kept flashing. It seemed that he had guessed correctly. The situation was really troublesome. He could ignore other things, but Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's weakness! Back when he was only at the Divine Reflection Realm, he was able to kill Si Miaoling under immense pressure. Who would have thought that another Extreme Violet Yin Physique would appear in Void Sky City!
"This Xi Clan's Young Miss does indeed possess an Extreme Purple Yin Body," the cultivator replied affirmatively, "She is now being watched by Cui Xie, which is why all the cultivators in Void Sky City are panicking. Will Cui Xie lead his Tian Xie Sect to attack us?"
Although Cui Xie called himself the Country of Evil Deities, the Sects in the world did not recognize it. Therefore, most people still called the Country of Evil Deities as the Tian Xie Sect.
"In that case, quickly find someone to marry. Then there won't be so many problems, right?" Luo Zheng asked rhetorically.
Although the Void Spirit Sect and the Cloud Hall had many competitions, they had the same goal in terms of Cui Xie. The Void Spirit Sect knew very well that if Cui Xie succeeded in arranging the Great Sky Devil Joyous Union Formation, his cultivation would progress further. When he really stepped into the Divine Sea Realm, no one in the Central Domain would be able to stop him. At that time, not only the Void Spirit Sect, but also the World Business Alliance, the Cloud Hall, the Xuanyin Mansion, the Blood Wood Cliff … all the Sects would either kneel down or be eliminated!
Therefore, the Void Spirit Sect also did not want Cui Xie to find a third Extreme Purple Yin Body.
Unexpectedly, the cultivator gave a wry smile and then said, "You don't know. This is what we are complaining about. Do you know the identity of the Xi Clan's Young Miss?"
"What identity can she have?" Luo Zheng was puzzled. Even if the Xi Clan was a third-grade Sect, it was impossible for them to go against the Void Spirit Sect.
"The Sect Master of our Void Spirit Sect, Taoist Priest Qingxu, originally had the surname Xi. At that time, he cultivated with hair! Although he is a Taoist, he also has a wife and children in the Xi Clan, and the Xi Clan's Young Miss is the great-granddaughter of Taoist Priest Qingxu! "The cultivator said.
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded, but then he said, "But this is an important matter. Not to mention that she's the great-granddaughter of Taoist Priest Qingxu, for the sake of the overall situation, even if she's his biological daughter, he would have to marry her off, right?"
"That's what everyone thought." The cultivators revealed helpless expressions, "But it just so happens that the Xi Clan views the Young Miss as the pearl of their palm, and the Xi Clan's Young Miss is extremely doted on by Taoist Priest Qingxu. Even though the Xi Clan has arranged for a few men for the Xi Clan's Young Miss, and there's no lack of geniuses from the Void Spirit Sect amongst them, she just doesn't like them!"
Luo Zheng frowned. This matter was quite troublesome indeed, but the source of the problem was still Cui Xie. Now that a Extreme Purple Yin Body had appeared in Void Sky City, perhaps it wouldn't be long before a Extreme Purple Yin Body would appear in Ocean of Clouds City as well! Even though the Extreme Purple Yin Body was rare, there were too many humans in the Central Domain, so the probability wasn't small at all.
In the end, he still had to kill Cui Xie and rescue Luo Yan.
However, Luo Zheng had no choice but to intervene in this matter. If Cui Xie really came to Void Sky City to snatch the Xi Clan's Young Miss, then it might be a nightmare for the Xi Clan's Young Miss, and it would be a nightmare for Luo Zheng as well.
The problem was, how should he deal with this matter? Luo Zheng could kill Si Miaoling because she was Cui Xie's subordinate, but the Xi Clan's Young Miss was the great-granddaughter of Taoist Priest Qingxu, so he couldn't just kill her with a single strike!
The cultivator watched Luo Zheng fall into deep thought, and then he said, "In my opinion, it's best to find a man to sleep with her and seize her Primordial Yin. Wouldn't this matter be resolved then? Unfortunately, the Xi Clan deserves to be called a great clan. Coupled with the fact that the clan has a Sect Master, it's too pretentious! "
"Sleep with her …" These words were very crude, but it was indeed very reasonable. As long as the Xi Clan's Young Miss was taken away, it would also cut off Cui Xie's thoughts. The problem was, who should he sleep with?
"Two days ago, we caught a spy from the Tian Xie Sect. In my opinion, that Cui Xie is already preparing to make his move. Maybe it will be in the near future!" Another cultivator said.
These words made Luo Zheng more and more anxious. Originally, he had inadvertently heard this matter, but now it seemed that it would become an urgent matter. Luo Zheng silently got up and walked out of Qin Yue Pavilion.
"Hey, you, your True Essence Stone!" These cultivators still didn't dare to take away the top-grade True Essence Stone.
"I'll give it to you," Luo Zheng said lightly.
Just as Luo Zheng left the Qin Yue Pavilion, he heard the sound of banging and banging coming from the Qin Yue Pavilion. It was the group of martial artists fighting with each other over the top-grade True Essence Stone.
Luo Zheng naturally ignored them. At this time, a little Sword Spirit condensed beside Luo Zheng. Soon, Xun appeared beside Luo Zheng. Her figure gently floated, attracting countless surprised gazes from passers-by.
Xun and Luo Zheng walked at the same speed, but facing Luo Zheng, there was a faint smile on her face. "What are you worried about? The solution to this problem is so simple!"
"Sleep with her!" Xun said with a faint smile.
There were many men and women in the Yao Ye Clan. Although Xun was the Yao Ye Clan's King, she didn't have the slightest taboo in her speech. This was also a difference brought about by different customs.
"Then you still have to find a man," Luo Zheng was also very conflicted.
As soon as her voice fell, her slender finger pointed at Luo Zheng.
"Me?" Luo Zheng hurriedly shook his head. "I can't."
"Then what do you want to do?" Xun asked, blinking her eyes.
"Let's wait and see." Luo Zheng frowned deeply. The key was that the Xi Family's Young Lady had a special identity, but he didn't know what Taoist Priest Qing Xu was planning. Could it be that he was going to let the Xi Family's Young Lady be willful and eventually be snatched away by Cui Xie?
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that Taoist Priest Qing Xu was also very distressed!
The news that the Xi Family had a woman with an Extreme Purple Yin Body had suddenly spread out, and no one could stop it!
If it was in the past, it would be a very happy thing for the Xi Family to have an Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, at this sensitive time, Cui Xie just happened to lack an Extreme Purple Yin Body to form the Great Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array.
Whether it was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall or the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance, they were very concerned about this matter. They had repeatedly urged Taoist Priest Qing Xu to quickly marry off his precious great-granddaughter.
Taoist Priest Qing Xu had also urged countless times, and even asked the Xi Family to take the initiative to use the family law to serve her. He had even threatened and lied to her. However, his great-granddaughter's temper was very strong. She would rather die than comply, saying that she hadn't met a suitable sweetheart.
It must be because he had read too many romance novels that his brain had become muddled! Taoist Priest Qing Xu had lived for hundreds of years. How could he understand the thoughts of a teenage girl?
But in any case, the sooner his great-granddaughter was married off, the sooner Taoist Priest Qing Xu would be relieved!
＝＝＝＝＝