The Xi Family was one of the great aristocratic families of Void Sky City. Originally, the Xi Family was only a second-grade family in Void Sky City. At that time, the Xi Family was not ranked in the entire Void Sky City. After all, Void Sky City had been passed down for thousands of years, and there were many third-grade aristocratic families.
Since the Xi Family produced Xi Mingyuan and climbed to the position of Void Spirit Sect Master, the status of the Xi Family naturally rose, and they became the leader of the third-grade aristocratic families of Void Sky City.
The entire Xi Family, which had close to ten thousand people, was settled in the Xi Family Castle in the eastern part of Void Sky City.
In the evening, the lamps at the entrance of the Xi Family Castle were lit up one by one. These lamps relied on true essence to release light, and a single low-grade true essence stone was enough to keep a lamp illuminated for several years. A low-grade true essence stone was not a small fortune for ordinary people, but it was impossible for ordinary families to use it.
However, the Xi Family's lamps were lit one by one, outlining the entire walls of the Xi Family Castle. Ordinary people often came here to admire the night scenery while marveling at the Xi Family's wealth.
After nightfall, groups of people came to the square in front of the Xi Family Castle to stroll around or lean on the small bridge. Some chatted about their daily lives, while others appreciated the lamps. In the entire Void Sky City, this place was the brightest.
It was also because of this that many hawkers came here to set up stalls. Roasted sweet potatoes, skewers of meat, and a rich fragrance permeated the air. There were even people who set up needlework on the ground, as well as all kinds of strange trinkets …
"Is this Xi Family's everlasting lantern really lit with True Origin Stones? So many lamps, wouldn't it cost several hundred true essence stones? " A wanderer, probably on his first day in Void Sky City, couldn't help but sigh as he looked at the endless line of lamps.
"I'm afraid Brother Han is making a fuss over nothing. The Xi Family's lamps have been lit for dozens of years. Who knows how many true essence stones have been burned?" Another wanderer shook his head and said.
"They are really too rich. I heard that even a thousand gold coins can't exchange for a single true essence stone. I'm afraid the Xi Family is burning gold!"
"Humph, the Xi Family is a dignified third-grade aristocratic family. It's not something you can imagine! Gold and silver are worthless to these warrior families. "Another wanderer shook his head.
"Sigh, it's really hard to imagine. I wonder what kind of life these warriors are living. If I had known earlier, I would have given up on literature and joined the martial arts when I was young. What nonsense!" The wanderer grumbled.
"That's not necessarily true. The world of martial artists is extremely bloody. Could it be that the Xi Family's great fortune was exchanged with their lives?" The wanderer chuckled and said, "Rumor has it that the young lady of the Xi family is looking for a husband. Brother Han, you are talented and have an impressive appearance. You can also try."
For an entire month, the Xi family had been hurriedly looking for a groom.
Although the Extreme Purple Yin Body had many implications, the Xi Clan was still the largest aristocratic clan in the Void Sky City. They couldn't really rush the Xi Clan's Young Miss to find a man to marry.
The Xi Clan's groom search had attracted many young elites. After all, she was the Young Miss of a large aristocratic family. Moreover, the Sect Master of the Void Spirit Sect stood behind the Xi Clan. If they could really marry the Young Miss of the Xi Clan, they would probably soar into the sky.
"Me? I'm afraid I can't. "The wanderer surnamed Han shook his head and said.
"Heh heh, you have some self-awareness. These days, no less than a thousand young elites have come to the Xi Clan, and among them, there is no lack of Heaven Grade geniuses. The bone age of these geniuses is only twenty to thirty years old, and their cultivation is frighteningly high. However, the Young Miss of the Xi Clan has really high standards. She didn't take a fancy to any of them!"
The status of the Young Miss of such a large aristocratic family was much higher than that of a princess in the mortal world. The matter of the Xi Clan's Young Miss' groom search was a major event in the Void Sky City. Everyone on the streets was talking about it.
In the depths of the Xi Castle, in a secluded little garden, under two screens made of jade, a twenty-eight year old girl sat cross-legged, meditating and cultivating.
This young girl was dressed in a pure white robe with two light green ribbons hanging down from her shoulders. Her fair and clean face looked especially simple and elegant.
At this moment, there was a knock on the door of the small courtyard.
The girl frowned slightly. Originally, she didn't want to get up and open the door, but the knocking was very persistent, as if it wouldn't stop until she opened the door. In desperation, she could only whisper, "Come in!"
The door of the small courtyard was pushed open, and three people came in. The leader was a young man with starry eyes and a faint smile on his face. His figure flashed, and he directly penetrated the space, passed through the screen, and arrived in front of the girl.
"Sister," the young man called out sweetly.
The girl opened her eyes, but her eyes were full of bitterness. She stared angrily at the young man in front of her and said, "Xiao Jie, can you walk normally?"
This young man was the god grade genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie. His full name was Xi Xiao Jie. This young man was not a member of the Xi Clan, but an adopted son of the Xi Clan. However, he grew up in the Xi Clan, and his relationship with the Xi Clan was very deep, especially with the girl in front of him.
With a smile on his face, Xi Xiao Jie grabbed a bunch of scrolls from behind his back and placed them in front of the girl. He said with a grin, "I've collected so many scrolls again today!"
When the girl saw the scrolls, the anger on her face became even more apparent. She circulated her energy, then a raging flame was unleashed, trying to burn all the scrolls away.
Xi Xiao Jie saw that the situation was getting worse, so he gently pointed his finger in the air. In an instant, the space in front of him began to distort, and although the raging flame was approaching him, it was split in half. Not even a single wisp of flame touched the scrolls.
"Sister, this is a task given to me by big uncle, can you at least let me finish?" Xi Xiao Jie said with a helpless expression.
The girl coldly harrumphed, then she closed her eyes and said with a deep voice, "Then continue with your nonsense!"
Xi Xiao Jie casually picked up a scroll, then slowly unfurled it in front of the girl. After the scroll was unfurled, a picture of a handsome man could be seen. There were even some poems written beside the picture.
"The man in this picture is young master Bo Sun from the Void Sky City, a Mid Divine Core warrior! He's so young, but he's already the Family Chief … "Xi Xiao Jie said with a grin on his face.
"Next." The girl closed her eyes and said with an expressionless face.
"The next man in this picture is Daoist Jiu Huan from the Illusion God Sect, he's 31 years old, and he's a Sect Elder of the Illusion God Sect …"
"Next …"
"This picture …"
While the two of them were asking and answering questions, they introduced the people in the picture scroll one by one. After that, Xi Xiaojie smiled and said, "I wonder if you found anyone you like today?"
"No." The girl remained silent for a moment, then she replied in a mechanical manner.
In fact, this conversation had been repeated more than a hundred times in the past month, three times a day in the morning and evening.
Xi Xiao Jie didn't mind at all. With a smile on his face, he said, "If not, then we'll have to wait until tomorrow! I wonder when sister will get married! "
The girl finally opened her eyes. With a smile on her face, she scolded, "You stinking brat, you're never serious!"
This girl was the girl who possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body, her name was Xi Youqin.
The Xi family was really anxious right now. Cui Xie's ambition had shrouded the entire Central Domain, and all the sects were in danger. The prosperity of the Void Spirit Sect was closely related to the Xi family, and if the Void Spirit Sect fell, the Xi family would have a hard time as well!
Right now, the most important matter for Cui Xie was the Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array. For this Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array, Cui Xie had waited for several decades. But in the end, because of Si Miaoling's death, he had no choice but to delay the setting up of the array.
But now, the Xi family had a girl who possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body. How could the Xi family not be anxious?
Some time ago, they discovered that the spies of the Tian Xie Sect had sneaked into the Void Sky City, which meant that the Tian Xie Sect had targeted Xi Youqin, causing the entire Void Sky City to be in a state of panic. For a time, rumors spread everywhere that the Tian Xie Sect was going to attack.
The several big families of the Void Sky City repeatedly ran to the Xi family to ask the Xi family to marry off their precious daughter as soon as possible. Their words were indeed a little tactful. If it weren't for Taoist Priest Qing Xu, they probably would have directly snatched her away.
To put it bluntly, there were only two paths in front of Xi Youqin. She could either get married quickly or be killed. In short, she couldn't fall into the hands of Cui Xie.