After Xi Xiaojie finished laughing, his expression gradually became solemn, and he said seriously, "Today in the Void Spirit Sect, Master told me that I can't let you be willful anymore."
The Master Xi Xiaojie mentioned was naturally the Sect Master of the Void Spirit Sect, Daoist Priest Qing Xu.
If it wasn't for Daoist Priest Qing Xu, how could they allow Xi Youqin to be so willful?
Even if Daoist Priest Qing Xu protected Xi Youqin, the people of the Void Spirit Sect and Void Sky City had a lot of complaints in their hearts. At this time, of course, they had to consider the big picture and sacrifice a daughter of the Xi family. Not to mention marrying those young elites, even if she had to marry a pig or a dog, she would still marry them!
"Did Grandpa say that as well?" Hearing Xi Xiaojie's words, a trace of sadness flashed on Xi Youqin's face.
Xi Xiaojie was a year younger than Xi Youqin, but in the end, he had been training in the Void Spirit Sect, so his thoughts were more mature than Xi Youqin's. He said, "Sister, Master is also under a lot of pressure. In this situation, Cui Xie will probably plan to make a move!"
"How dare he? Our Void Spirit Sect is the number one sect in the Central Domain. If Cui Xie wants to make a move, he won't look for our Void Spirit Sect first," Xi Youqin retorted unhappily.
Xi Xiaojie smiled helplessly and said, "Why won't he look for the Void Spirit Sect? The top three forces in the Central Domain are the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and the Cloud Hall. If the Tian Xie Sect wants to make a move, they will definitely look for one of the three forces. The World Business Alliance has that ancient giant, so Heaven Awaken City can't be taken down in a short period of time. As for the Cloud Hall … Cloud Sea City is nothing, but the Cloud Hall has that extremely abnormal Sect Protecting Formation, so it will be difficult for the Tian Xie Sect to take it down. Although our Void Spirit Sect is called the strongest sect in the Central Domain, it is relatively easy to bully! "
Xi Xiaojie's analysis was indeed very reasonable.
Cui Xie was still very wary of the General Commerce League's influence. As for the Cloud Hall, Cui Xie had suffered a great loss in the Cloud Hall's Sect Guarding Formation. Comparatively speaking, it was the safest choice to start a war between the sects and find a breakthrough in the Void Spirit Sect. Moreover, the Void Spirit Sect had the strongest reputation and was the most powerful sect in the hearts of the martial artists in the central region. If he took down the Void Spirit Sect, there would definitely be a large number of independent martial artists who would defect to the Heavenly Evil Sect!
"If Cui Xie attacks Void Sky City, you are not the biggest reason, but you are definitely one of the reasons," Xi Xiaojie said seriously, "If you marry someone, you will cut off Cui Xie's thoughts. At least when the Tian Xie Sect attacks, no one will throw the responsibility to you!"
Xi Youqin looked gentle and quiet, like an orchid in a deep valley. She looked docile, but there was a stubborn force in her bones. When she heard Xi Xiaojie talking to her seriously, she suddenly said, "So what if I'm responsible? At worst, I'll die in the end. "
Xi Xiaojie also knew that he couldn't talk to her, so he just said, "Sister, I'm afraid you won't be able to die even if you want to."
These words suddenly made Xi Youqin's body tremble, and panic finally appeared on her face. For a moment, she didn't know what to say.
Cui Xie was a man who was neither good nor evil, and if Xi Youqin fell into Cui Xie's hands, it wasn't hard to imagine what would happen to her!
But, Xi Youqin's panic only lasted for a split second, before it was replaced by a ruthless expression. "If that's the case, I'll prepare some poison. If Cui Xie really attacks us, I'll just take the poison and kill myself."
Xi Xiaojie let out a long sigh, then he left the small courtyard with the other two servants.
Early in the morning of the second day, a young man wearing a green robe appeared in the square in front of the Xi family's entrance. It was too late last night, so Luo Zheng had rested for the night. When dawn broke, he finally arrived at the Xi family's castle after traveling through half of Void Sky City.
When he arrived at the square in front of the Xi family's entrance, he saw a lot of people lining up. The line was like a long dragon, and there were over a hundred people in the square.
These people were a mix of good and bad people. There were burly men, scholars with jade crowns, and as for cultivation … there were even some mortals who didn't have any cultivation, and there were even some Divine Core warriors.
"Is this, is this a groom selection?" Luo Zheng who was standing next to the line said with a smile on his face. It looked like the Xi family was really anxious. However, he had heard that this groom selection had been going on for quite some time, and he wondered if the young lady of the Xi family had eyes on her head, and didn't take a fancy to any of the men.
"Newcomer, you! If you want to marry me, go to the back of the line!" When a servant of the Xi family saw Luo Zheng, he pointed his finger at Luo Zheng and scolded him. This servant probably thought Luo Zheng was going to cut the line.
Luo Zheng wasn't angry at all. This servant was just an ordinary man, so of course he couldn't see through Luo Zheng's cultivation. As for the other warriors in the line, when they saw Luo Zheng's Void Tribulation realm cultivation, their expressions immediately changed.
Breaking through to the Void Tribulation realm at such a young age? Which big sect did this guy come from?
In the Sea God Continent, it wasn't rare for warriors to break through to the Combat Sovereign realm at the same age as Luo Zheng. For example, Mu Qingyang, Xia Shuang, and the others could also break through to the Combat Sovereign realm if they wanted to.
With the help of the Tower of Sin, the speed of cultivation was much faster than the outside world.
However, in the Central Region, reaching the Illuminating Spirit Realm at such a young age was a bit inconceivable. Only those large Sects would be able to accomplish this if they poured in all their resources, so none of these martial artists dared to look down on Luo Zheng.
"I'm not here to marry you." Luo Zheng replied with an indifferent tone.
"We're very busy right now. If you're not here to marry me, then don't join in the fun. Go somewhere else and have fun!" The servant bluntly started chasing Luo Zheng away. As a servant of the Xi family, even ordinary warriors wouldn't dare offend him.
Luo Zheng said with an indifferent tone, "I'm here to visit the Xi family's Patriarch, I wonder …"
The servant sneered. "Visit the Xi family's Patriarch? You? " Some warriors thought that their status was special and wanted to go through the family's Patriarch's back door. The servant clearly misunderstood Luo Zheng and said, "Our Patriarch doesn't have time to entertain guests! If you don't leave, I'm going to call for help! "
Right at this moment, an elderly steward walked over from the side and scolded the servant, "You blind fool, how can you open your mouth to speak like that?! Go busy yourself! "
The steward of the Xi Family was a Xiantian lifeform. When he saw the dispute from afar, he came over to take a look. What he saw gave him a fright. That servant was actually berating a False Tribulation realm martial artist!
In the Central Domain, False Tribulation realm warriors were not ordinary existences. The Xi family was a third-grade family, and the current Patriarch was only at the middle stage of False Tribulation realm. The person in front of him was so young, he must have a heaven-defying background. Therefore, the steward of the Xi family hurriedly drove the servant to the side and bowed to Luo Zheng. "Friend, our Xi family's servant has no eyes, please forgive him."
Luo Zheng didn't have much expression on his face. How could he be angry with an ordinary person? He just said lightly, "I don't know if I'm guilty or not, but I want to pay a visit to your Xi family's Patriarch."
"The Patriarch has been busy recently, but if you want to pay a visit, I will naturally help you pass on the message. However, please tell us your name," the steward said respectfully. He had been in the Xi family for dozens of years, so he naturally understood that this person in front of him couldn't be neglected.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to the steward, "Say that Luo Zheng is here to pay a visit to him."
"Luo, Luo Zheng?" The steward suddenly shouted, his eyes staring at Luo Zheng as if he had seen a ghost. Because his voice was too loud, it immediately alarmed the many warriors who had come to propose marriage.
Many warriors also came over with puzzled faces.
"Did you hear that? That kid called himself Luo Zheng, is he the Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall? "
"Isn't Luo Zheng dead? It's been almost two years, but there's no news about him at all. It's like he disappeared from the world! "
"It's really possible. Besides Luo Zheng, how many people can step into the False Tribulation realm in just two years? Oh, right, there's also the god-level genius of the Void Spirit Sect, Xiao Jie … "
The steward of the Xi family looked at Luo Zheng in a daze, and then asked cautiously, "You, you are really Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Of course."