After a while, several streaks of light flew out from the Xi Family Castle, immediately attracting the attention of many suitors.
One of the streaks of light directly rushed into the square and shouted, "Luo Zheng!"
This person was Xi Xiaojie.
Two years ago, during the Martial Arts Competition, because of a sudden change, Xi Xiaojie missed the opportunity to challenge Luo Zheng, which made him feel very regretful.
In these two years, Xi Xiaojie's strength had also soared, but Luo Zheng had disappeared without a trace, and there were rumours everywhere that he had fallen. Now that he suddenly heard the news of Luo Zheng, how could Xi Xiaojie not be excited? He rushed out almost immediately, and even felt a little nervous because he suspected that someone was pretending to be Luo Zheng.
He didn't expect that it was indeed Luo Zheng!
Seeing Xi Xiaojie, Luo Zheng also showed a surprised expression. He knew that this person was a god-grade genius of the Void Spirit Sect, but he didn't know that he was a member of the Xi Family.
"Xiaojie of the Void Spirit Sect, I trust you have been well since we last met." Luo Zheng nodded, but he didn't show any excitement.
"You have also stepped into the False Tribulation Realm! Let's fight, okay? "Xi Xiaojie wanted to challenge Luo Zheng as soon as they met, so he didn't look at the situation at all.
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't agree. He didn't come here to challenge Xi Xiaojie, but for the young lady of the Xi Family.
"Xiaojie, don't mess around!" A middle-aged man followed closely behind Xi Xiaojie. Some sharp-eyed people had already recognized that this person was the Xi Family Patriarch, Xi Xinghuai.
Xi Xinghuai cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "I heard that Young Hero Luo Zheng has come to visit my Xi Family, and I am deeply honored. This is not a place to receive guests, please come in!"
Luo Zheng also cupped his hands towards Xi Xinghuai, and then followed the cultivators of the Xi Family into the Xi Family Castle.
How fast was Xi Xinghuai's brain working?
There had to be a reason why Luo Zheng had disappeared for two years, and Luo Zheng was neither a relative nor a friend of the Xi Family. It wasn't difficult to guess why he had come to the Xi Family today, it must be for the Extreme Violet Yin Body. Because of Xi Youqin's matter, Xi Xinghuai had been under a lot of pressure recently, and Luo Zheng had come at the right time!
Inside the Xi Family Fort, Luo Zheng had just sat down and exchanged a few simple words with the Xi Family. Cultivators were not scholars, so there was no need for unnecessary formalities. Xi Xinghuai then opened his mouth and said, "Young Hero Luo Zheng, did you come to my Xi Family Fort for my daughter?"
Xi Xinghuai, Xi Xinghuai said, Xi Xinghuai's family, Xi Xinghuai of Xi.......
. "Xi Xinghuai clapped his hands and ordered a servant next to him," Go and find Youqin. "
Xi Xinghuai sighed, "It's my fault for spoiling this child too much. Since Young Hero Luo Zheng came here, you should know the whole story, but now you are in a hurry to find someone to entrust her to, otherwise I really don't know how to deal with this matter."
Xi Xinghuai said this because he wanted to hear Luo Zheng's opinion. Luo Zheng also saw the long line outside, and his words were actually a naked hint.
Xi Xiaojie was silent, but there was a naughty smile on his face. In his heart, he was thinking that if Luo Zheng became his brother-in-law, he would have many opportunities in the future to fight Luo Zheng sooner or later.
How could Luo Zheng not understand Xi Xinghuai's meaning?
But he couldn't really marry her just because this matter was urgent, could he? What's more, Xi Family's Young Lady might not be willing.
Luo Zheng said, "Xi Family's Young Lady has Extreme Purple Yin Body, so it is indeed inappropriate for her to stay in Void Sky City. I want to take her to the Cloud Hall to temporarily avoid the limelight. The Sect Protecting Array of the Cloud Hall should be able to resist for a while."
Xi Xinghuai's face showed a trace of disappointment. Xi Xiaojie was the adopted son of Xi Family, and Luo Zheng was no stranger to Xi Family. It was said that this boy's talent was even better than Xi Xiaojie's. If he could accept Luo Zheng as his Xi Family's son-in-law, the benefits to Xi Family were obvious!
But listening to Luo Zheng's evasive tone, Xi Xinghuai thought, 'Well, maybe after he sees my daughter, he will change his mind. If Luo Zheng agrees, Xi Youqin won't be able to be capricious this time!' Xi Xinghuai thought secretly, and a trace of decisiveness slowly appeared on his face. This matter really couldn't be delayed any longer!
"If Young Hero Luo Zheng can persuade my daughter to go to the Cloud Hall with you, it will naturally be a solution, but as long as my daughter is not married, Cui Xie will not stop thinking about it. We still have to think of a way to solve this once and for all," Xi Xinghuai said.
At this time, Xun suddenly transmitted a voice message to Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "This old guy wants to give his daughter to you! I guess that girl looks like a pig's head, so he can't give her to you! "
Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to Xun's words, and just nodded to Xi Xinghuai. At this time, two maids opened the door, and then a layer of prestige mixed with the fragrance of a young girl came in. A young girl in plain clothes walked in. This was Xi Youqin.
"Youqin, come and greet him," Xi Xinghuai hurriedly said.
The servant only asked Xi Youqin to go over, so how could he know who she was going to meet? She thought that it was some young master from a wealthy family who begged the head of the family to meet her directly. Xi Youqin had always been very resistant to this matter, so how could she have a good expression after coming in?
So when she heard Xi Xinghuai's words, she quickly walked over, and her elegant face like a white lotus seemed to be covered with a layer of frost. Xi Youqin glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said coldly, "It doesn't matter whether I greet him or not. You are not qualified to marry me. This young master who came out of nowhere, please go back!"
Seeing this scene, Xi Xiaojie secretly glanced at Xi Xinghuai, and his heart sank. He immediately knew that it was bad!
Sure enough, Xi Xinghuai's face was as gloomy as a piece of black charcoal. He suddenly got up and took a few steps towards Xi Youqin, and said coldly and angrily, "Youqin, you are too presumptuous! Don't think that just because great-grandfather loves you, you can mess around in the Xi family! "
The great-grandfather that Xi Xinghuai mentioned was Taoist Priest Qingxu.
It was because Taoist Priest Qingxu loved Xi Youqin that he, Xi Xinghuai, as her father, didn't dare to control Xi Youqin. However, he didn't expect this girl's temper to be so stubborn. He originally racked his brains to make Luo Zheng speak, but now it seemed that Luo Zheng himself didn't have this intention. However, his own daughter came up and said such words. How could Xi Xinghuai not be angry?
Being despised for no reason, Luo Zheng's face didn't show any anger. What's more, Luo Zheng didn't come to propose marriage.
"How am I messing around? Father, at most, you will force me to death! "Xi Youqin's face showed a resolute expression. This girl's temper was not ordinary.
Xi Xinghuai raised his hand and was about to slap her, but Xi Youqin's face was straight and didn't have the slightest intention of dodging. At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and stopped Xi Xinghuai. Luo Zheng then said, "Patriarch, please calm down. I have a few words to say to Miss Xi."
In front of outsiders, Xi Xinghuai couldn't lose his composure too much. He could only forcibly suppress the anger in his heart. He was really angry.
Luo Zheng stared at Xi Youqin indifferently and then said, "Miss Xi, you misunderstood. I didn't come to propose marriage."
Xi Youqin's face showed a mocking expression, "I know. You just want to get to know me and show me your strength and eloquence. Let me know which family you are from and how much potential you have in the future … Isn't your final goal the same? People like you can only be described with one word, hypocrite! You are even more hateful than those guys who open their mouths to propose marriage! "
"Pfft …" Hearing his sister's words, Xi Xiaojie couldn't help but burst out laughing.
"Xiaojie, what are you laughing at? What's so funny! "Xi Youqin turned her head and scolded Xi Xiaojie.
Luo Zheng was also speechless. He didn't expect this quiet and elegant Miss Xi to be so fierce and have such a rich imagination.
At this time, Luo Zheng sternly said, "I don't want to get to know you. You have the Extreme Purple Yin Body. It's too dangerous for you to stay here. I want to take you away from Void Sky City."
"Take me away? With just you? "The mocking expression on Xi Youqin's face became even more intense.
"Come with me, or die now. Choose one of the two." Luo Zheng's tone was unusually flat, but no one doubted that he could do what he said.
＝＝＝＝＝