Luo Zheng's words were not a joke. In Luo Zheng's heart, Luo Yan was the most important.
Just like Si Miaoling in the past, Xi Youqin's existence was a threat to Luo Yan. However, Si Miaoling stood in the position of Luo Zheng's enemy, while Xi Youqin in front of him was very innocent.
But regardless of whether Xi Youqin was innocent or not, Luo Zheng could not tolerate Luo Yan being threatened. Therefore, Luo Zheng decisively told this Xi Family's young lady that she could either follow him back to the Cloud Hall or be killed. It was that simple.
So when Luo Zheng said this, Xi Youqin was suddenly stunned.
She was free, intelligent, and lovable. In her generation, other than her adopted son, Xi Xiaojie, she was the youngest. She was the apple of the family's eye. Not to mention the many elders of the Xi Family who loved her very much, even the Grand Grandfather who had always been elusive would take the time to come back to the Xi Family to see her!
After Taoist Priest Qing Xu took charge of the Xu Ling Sect, he rarely appeared in the Xi Family. Even if Xi Xinghuai wanted to see him, it would be very troublesome. However, Taoist Priest Qing Xu could not forget his great-granddaughter. At this time, he was actually willing to send Xi Xiaojie to accompany Xi Youqin because he knew that Xi Youqin and Xi Xiaojie had a good relationship.
It could be imagined to what extent Taoist Priest Qing Xu doted on her?
It was also because of this that the Xi Family would repeatedly endure and give Xi Youqin enough time to be willful. This betrothal search had been going on for so long, but they still had not picked a suitable candidate.
If she was just a concubine's daughter in the Xi Family, she would have been coaxed and scared to marry out.
Xi Youqin never thought that the man in front of her would be so arrogant that he dared to say that he would take her life!
Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai were also stunned. They could see that Luo Zheng was not joking. As for the other Xi Family members in the hall, such as Xi Youqin's elders, their faces showed unkind expressions.
Although everyone had a headache about Xi Youqin's marriage, it was because they doted on Xi Youqin. You, an outsider, dared to come to the Xi Family's territory and treat Xi Youqin like this?
Xi Xiaojie frowned... Although he was an adopted son, he grew up with Xi Youqin since childhood. They really had a feeling that they were related by blood. They were like biological siblings. How could he let Luo Zheng really hurt Xi? Xi?
Just as Xi Xiaojie was about to step forward and speak to separate Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng, Xi Xinghuai waved his hand and stopped Xi Xiaojie.
Looking at Xi Xinghuai's action, Xi Xiaojie's face showed a confused expression. Xi Youqin was his daughter, wasn't he worried at all?
While puzzled, Xi Xiaojie chose to bide his time.
Xi Youqin was Xi Xinghuai's youngest daughter. How could he not worry about Xi Youqin's safety? However, Xi Xinghuai had an intuition. He felt that Luo Zheng would not really do it, or rather, he felt that his daughter was willful to this extent. Someone should really teach her a lesson!
Xi Youqin's status in the Xi Family was needless to say. No one dared to offend her. Even he, her father, did not dare to do anything. Most importantly, everyone had to give face to Daoist Priest Qing Xu. Although Daoist Priest Qing Xu rarely returned to the Xi Family Castle, he was the backbone of the Xi Family.
Outside of the Xi Family Castle, in this big Void Sky City, who had the qualifications to teach Xi Youqin a lesson?
The young man in front of him was different. The legend of Luo Zheng berating Cui Xie was still vivid in his mind. It had even been compiled into a story that was played and sung in the taverns and teahouses. It had become a story told by storytellers. Not to mention mortals, even some cultivators loved to listen to it.
This Luo Zheng was not even afraid of Cui Xie, so how could he be afraid of Daoist Priest Qing Xu?
He wanted to see if this Luo Zheng had the ability to subdue his daughter!
"Let me die? Do you have the ability? " Xi Youqin's face was deathly pale, but her stubborn temper had not been cultivated in a day or two. Even though she intuitively sensed that Luo Zhenghui would do as he said, she still bit her lips and persisted.
What's more, there were so many elders of the Xi Family present!
The young man in front of her had the cultivation of the False Tribulation Realm, which indeed made Xi Youqin somewhat afraid, but a cultivator at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm couldn't make a big wave in her Xi Family. At least her father was a cultivator at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and Xi Xiaojie had just entered the False Tribulation Realm. With his god-grade talent, he should be more powerful than this guy in front of her, right?
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he stared at Xi Youqin. "I said, you have two choices. Follow me, or I kill you now. Choose one."
"What if I don't choose?" Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
"Then I'll help you choose!" Luo Zheng snorted lightly and directly reached out to grab Xi Youqin.
"You dare!" An elder of the Xi Family shouted in a stern voice.
However, Xi Xinghuai glared fiercely at that elder and also stopped him.
Seeing that her father not only didn't help her but also stopped the other members of the Xi Family from attacking, Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of despair. A teenage girl was the easiest to feel self-pity and hurt. She immediately burst into tears. "If I die, then I die!"
As soon as her voice fell, Luo Zheng's hand had already grabbed her white and flawless neck. It was at this moment that Luo Zheng said, "You're not afraid of death because you never knew what death was!"
Suddenly, killing intent surged out from Luo Zheng's body!
Luo Zheng had accumulated a lot of killing intent in the Tower of Sin and the Mysterious Underworld Cave. When he suddenly brought it out, the rich killing intent suddenly erupted, as if a demon god had descended!
Killing intent was also the aura of slaughter. It wasn't an aura that gradually accumulated from killing. It was also a kind of curse that was left behind by living creatures on the verge of death for Luo Zheng. It was the resentment of those living creatures after they killed Luo Zheng!
When this monstrous killing intent gushed out, the hearts of the tens of thousands of people in the Xi Family Fort suddenly trembled. Even those outside the Xi Family Fort were alarmed.
"Then, then what's wrong with the Xi Family Fort? Could it be that Cui Xie has sneaked in? Why is his killing intent soaring to the sky! "
"I don't think so. Although Cui Xie is both good and evil, he doesn't walk the path of slaughter. He doesn't have such a fierce killing intent!"
"Then who is it? Who dares to mess around in the Xi Family Fort? Are they not afraid of the Void Spirit Sect? "
Many cultivators speculated. They didn't dare to barge into the Xi Family Fort, so they could only make wild guesses.
Xi Youqin felt like she was about to suffocate. She felt like she wasn't facing a person, but a demon that crawled out of hell!
This person would really kill her without hesitation!
She grew up in the Xi Family Fort. She was a flower that grew up under the careful care of a greenhouse. How could she withstand any wind and rain? She was even worse than Yuan Qingwei that Luo Zheng encountered in the Fish Dragon Sect!
She felt that she wasn't afraid of death because she had never encountered the danger of death before. She was also confident that the Xi Family would never leave her alone!
But now, Xi Youqin felt like she was incomparably close to the god of death. The man in front of her only needed to exert a little force and she would definitely die. She was already hovering on the edge of life and death!
Why didn't father save her! Why didn't Xi Xiaojie do anything! Why were the Xi Family Elders indifferent? Xi Youqin finally panicked. In this situation, her survival instinct suddenly rose.
"Father … save me!"
She even forgot to cry. Because of fear, her elegant and clean voice became very sharp.
But Xi Xinghuai was indifferent, as if he didn't hear it.
The evil spirit released by Luo Zheng was still growing. At the same time, he also released a part of his soul pressure. Xi Youqin definitely couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's soul pressure. If the pressure was too great, she might directly faint. So this pressure wasn't very strong, but it was enough to make her feel the threat was constantly increasing!
"Are you sure you still want to choose death?" Luo Zheng stared at the girl in front of him. To be honest, he didn't like to be a bad person. This Xi Family Miss was elegant and quiet. Ordinary men would have a feeling of pity and love when they saw her. Luo Zheng was no exception, but now his behavior was completely opposite.
Xi Family Miss' lips were pale. When Luo Zheng's evil spirit and soul pressure slightly reduced, she immediately said, "I, I choose to go with you!"
All the evil spirit was instantly stored in the Slaughter Sword Mountain by Luo Zheng. At the same time, the soul pressure also disappeared without a trace. At this time, Xi Youqin almost involuntarily took a deep breath, and then gasped for breath.
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, many Xi Family Elders, including Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai, felt very distressed, but they were indeed helpless.
Xi Youqin was like a frightened bird, staring at Luo Zheng with a face full of fear. When facing death, Xi Youqin chose to retreat, but at the same time, she hated Luo Zheng to the bone.