Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression, then she asked, "Tell me your name!"
Although Xi Youqin stayed in her room, she knew a lot about the young geniuses in the Central Domain. Although she didn't participate in the Martial Dao Competition two years ago, before Xi Youqin left, she had helped Xi Youqin analyze all his potential opponents.
The man in front of her had broken through to the Void Tribulation realm at such a young age, Xi Youqin knew he wasn't a nobody.
Just now, when Xi Xinghuai had sent a servant to fetch Xi Youqin, of course, the servant wouldn't tell Xi Youqin who she had met today. Xi Youqin had just met Luo Zheng, and she had immediately caused a ruckus. Xi Xinghuai didn't even have the chance to introduce Luo Zheng to her.
"After I tell you my name, I'll find a chance to take revenge?" Luo Zheng stared at Xi Youqin and asked with a smile on his face.
"That's right!" Xi Youqin didn't try to hide anything. Xi Youqin was only an Early Divine Core warrior, but she had the Extreme Purple Yin Body. When the Extreme Purple Yin Body was cultivated to a very high level, it would be extremely frightening! When the Extreme Purple Yin Body broke through to the Divine Core realm, it would be able to stay in the Extreme Purple Realm for a short period of time, and when it broke through to the Void Tribulation realm, it would be able to stay in the Extreme Purple Realm for a long period of time. Not only were there 99 billion gigantic swords in the Extreme Purple Realm, there were also True Spirits! However, the price of summoning a True Spirit was extremely high.
Si Miaoling had tried to summon a True Spirit during the Martial Dao Competition, and according to Qinglong, once Si Miaoling succeeded, Luo Zheng would definitely die.
Hearing Xi Youqin's threat, Luo Zheng replied with a faint smile on his face, "I hope that day will come. My name is Luo Zheng."
"Luo Zheng?" When Xi Youqin heard this name, her brows furrowed slightly. After a moment, her expression suddenly changed and she looked at Xi Xiaojie. "Xiaojie, he's the Luo Zheng you've been talking about all the time!"
Although Xi Youqin had never left Void Sky City, she had heard of Luo Zheng's name more than a thousand times!
Ever since the Martial Arts Conference, every time Xi Xiaojie returned home from the Void Spirit Sect, he would always talk about Luo Zheng. It seemed that not being able to fight with Luo Zheng in this life was a very regrettable thing.
Later on, there were more and more legends about Luo Zheng. It was said that his talent was even higher than Cui Xie's, and he had even used his own rune technique to arrange an incredible Sect Protecting Array, which had forcibly blocked the insufferably arrogant Cui Xie!
Everyone commented that even Feng Guanyu's attainments in rune technique were far inferior to Luo Zheng's.
Feng Guanyu started his career in the Void Spirit Sect, so his name was the most famous in the Void Sky City and the Void Spirit Sect. This legendary figure had a huge statue erected in the south of the Void Sky City. When Xi Youqin was very young, every time she went to the south of the city, someone would tell her how amazing Feng Guanyu was. The Sect Protecting Array that he had set up was still protecting the Void Spirit Sect even now.
However, Luo Zheng had easily surpassed Feng Guanyu!
When Xi Youqin heard that Luo Zheng's talent was greater than Xi Xiaojie's, she felt that it was incredible. After all, in Xi Youqin's eyes, her younger brother was the most talented person in the Central Domain, a god-level genius! As long as he didn't die, he would definitely be able to enter the Divine Sea Realm! He was completely treated like a treasure in the Void Spirit Sect, but there was actually a young elite in the Central Domain who was even more amazing than her younger brother.
In the end, not only was this person's talent in cultivation powerful, even his attainments in rune technique were rarely seen in the world. No, it should be said that he was unparalleled in the world because no one in the Central Domain had ever displayed rune technique to such a high level. What was even more difficult to accept was that Luo Zheng was merely a youth who hadn't even reached 18 years of age at that time …
Therefore, Xi Youqin, who lived in her boudoir, was filled with curiosity towards this person. She thought that if she had the chance, she would like to meet this Luo Zheng and see what kind of person he was. However, after the trip to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng had directly disappeared.
Even Xi Xiaojie, who had participated in the trip to the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb, guessed that Luo Zheng had most likely died in the immortal tomb.
Regarding this, Xi Youqin had always felt regretful. After all, Xi Xiaojie had been nagging at her for a long time, but she hadn't been able to meet this person.
Now, Xi Youqin sized up Luo Zheng. Two years ago, Luo Zheng was 18 years old. Now, Luo Zheng looked to be in his early twenties. Their ages were indeed very similar, but wasn't Luo Zheng dead? Why was he standing in front of her, perfectly fine?
Xi Xiaojie blinked and said helplessly, "Sister, he's that Luo Zheng."
At this moment, Xi Youqin understood why Luo Zheng only gave her two choices. Luo Zheng's sister, Luo Yan, had fallen into the hands of Cui Xie. Everyone in the Central Domain knew about this. When Xi Youqin heard about this, she was very touched. This man was willing to sacrifice everything for his sister.
Now, Xi Youqin naturally understood that if she fell into the hands of Cui Xie, her sister would also be implicated!
But even so, this man was too hateful! He actually dared to treat her like this. Xi Youqin was shocked, but her face didn't change much. This was her personality. Xi Youqin still gritted her teeth and said, "Even if you're Luo Zheng, I will still have my revenge one day!"
"I'll be waiting," Luo Zheng replied with a smile on his face.
Xi Xinghuai, who was next to him, breathed a sigh of relief and said, "Since you've made the decision, it's good. In fact, the Cloud Hall Master of your Cloud Hall has also invited Xi Youqin to temporarily stay, but this child is too stubborn and refuses to go to the Cloud Hall. It's already noon now, and the servants have already prepared lunch. After lunch, we can set off."
Void Sky City and Cloud Sea City were connected by a transmission array, so it was very convenient to go to the Cloud Hall.
Luo Zheng nodded and said politely, "Then I'll have to trouble you."
Only then did everyone move and go to eat. Xi Youqin walked towards another exit and said, "I'm not going to eat with this guy! I'll come out after lunch! "
A trace of a bitter smile appeared on Xi Xinghuai's face. He could only smile at Luo Zheng and said, "There's nothing I can do about it. My daughter is like this."
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care. However, he hadn't expected that because of this lunch, there would be a huge change in the situation!
The transmission array of Void Sky City was built in the west, and this was the most prosperous area of Void Sky City. The two transmission arrays were built in the open space by the Celestial Silkworm River to the west of Void Sky City. One of the two transmission arrays was used to teleport to Cloud Sea City, and the other to Tianqi City!
The cost of constructing a teleportation formation was huge. Even though such teleportation formations couldn't be compared to large-scale teleportation formations, they could still traverse a small portion of the central territory. Moreover, these 3 cities were the largest cities in the central territory, and they had the most cultivators as well. So, countless cultivators utilized these teleportation formations to head to Ocean of Clouds City or Heavenly Awakening City every single day.
Even some ordinary merchants would pay a high price to transport some valuable goods. Similarly, they also needed to use these transmission arrays.
The frequency of use of these transmission arrays was extremely high, so the cost of maintenance was even higher.
Today, there was a long line by the Celestial Silkworm River.
During this month, the two transmission arrays had become even busier. Many people had heard that Cui Xie was going to lead the cultivators of the Tian Xie Sect to attack Void Sky City, so they had no choice but to leave and head to either Tianqi City or Cloud Sea City to avoid being caught in the crossfire.
The cost of using the transmission arrays had risen along with it, and it had doubled. Even then, many people were willing to pay a high price. After all, money was just a mere worldly possession when compared to their lives.
All the cultivators were waiting patiently in line. Right at this moment, two cultivators had started to cut in line.
Some of the cultivators had been waiting for around half a day. When they saw those two cultivators cut in line, the other cultivators couldn't stand it any longer, and one of them criticized, "Hey! Hey! Why are you cutting in line!?"
"Yeah! Even if it's an emergency, it should be first come first served, right?"
"That fellow is really lacking in manners!"
The two cultivators turned around when they heard the others criticizing them, and one of them laughed coldly, "I'm cutting in line today. So what? Do you want to fight me? "
His words caused all the cultivators who were criticizing them to shut their mouths. Most of the cultivators in line were Xiantian realm warriors, and only a few of them were Divine Reflection realm warriors. The two cultivators in front of them were Divine Core warriors, and the gap between them was huge. How could these cultivators afford to offend them?
Seeing that the crowd had fallen silent, the two cultivators revealed mocking smiles on their faces. "All of you have such big mouths, why don't you take a look at yourselves?"
The entire line slowly approached the Teleportation Array in silence. White lights rose up into the sky, indicating that someone had entered the dimensional tunnel. Right when the two Divine Core warriors were approaching the Teleportation Array, one of them said in a lazy manner, "Alright, let's do it!"