There were some guards from the Void Sky City standing next to the Teleportation Formation, but everything happened too quickly. These guards were only at the Divine Reflection realm, so there was no way they could react in time.
Besides, destroying a Teleportation Formation was something that would harm others without benefiting oneself. Under normal circumstances, no one would intentionally destroy a Teleportation Formation. After all, destroying a Teleportation Formation wouldn't bring any benefits to oneself.
When all the warriors saw the two Divine Core warriors throwing the black beads into the Teleportation Formation, they immediately backed off. Then, they saw a purplish black bead appear in the middle of the Teleportation Formation, and tiny lightning bolts were shooting out from the bead.
After that, the lightning bolts suddenly exploded, emitting a blinding light and a powerful Spatial Energy. At the same time, loud explosive sounds could be heard.
"Clap, clap!"
When the ear-piercing explosive sounds were heard, everything within a 30 meter radius from the Teleportation Formation was devoured by the bright light. All the warriors who were lining up and the guards who were guarding the Teleportation Formation were instantly killed by the bright light. They didn't even have the chance to scream before they were turned into ashes.
"Those two men destroyed the Teleportation Formation!"
"That's a Dimensional Thunder Bead! It contains the Law of Lightning and the Law of Space, and it can completely destroy the spatial tunnel! "
"Why did they destroy the Teleportation Formation?"
Some warriors who were standing further away from the Teleportation Formation had already identified the purplish black bead, and they couldn't help but shout out in shock.
It wasn't an easy task to destroy a Teleportation Formation. Once a Teleportation Formation was built, the entire spatial tunnel would be extremely stable. Even if the foundation of the Teleportation Formation was destroyed, the spatial tunnel wouldn't be damaged. All they had to do was rebuild the foundation.
However, the Spatial Quaking Thunder Bead was different. This kind of weapon was originally developed to deal with teleportation arrays. The power of lightning contained in the bead would destroy the foundation of the teleportation array, and the power of space contained in the bead would stir up the space channel in the teleportation channel, rendering the channel useless.
Right after the two Divine Core warriors destroyed the Dimensional Thunder Bead, another Teleportation Formation that led to Heavenly Awakening City was destroyed at the same time. Right now, both the paths leading to Cloud Sea City and Heavenly Awakening City were completely blocked.
"What, what is going on?"
"I think I know what's going on! These people are most likely from the Lascivious Sect! "
"By destroying the portal, the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance won't be able to help. Most likely … Cui Xie is going to make his move …"
Some people quickly guessed the truth of the matter.
In fact, it was not that the Void Sky City did not prepare in advance. The Void Spirit Sect had sent many martial artists to patrol the Void Sky City. The guards of these two teleportation arrays were only ordinary Divine Illumination Realm martial artists, but now, there were several Divine Illumination Realm martial artists!
It could only be said that if the Tian Xie Sect wanted to take action, it was really impossible to guard against it. Even if the Void Spirit Sect sent False Tribulation Realm martial artists to guard it, the Tian Xie Sect would very likely send False Tribulation Realm martial artists to destroy the teleportation array. After all, protecting something was much more difficult than destroying it.
Just now, some people guessed that the Tian Xie Sect was going to make their move, but in fact, the Tian Xie Sect had already made their move.
The entire Void Spirit Sect was built on top of a tall mountain, and it was adjacent to the Void Sky City. Right now, the entire Void Spirit Sect was covered in a light purple barrier, and within the Void Spirit Sect, there were several thousand runes that formed a circular Eight Trigrams symbol.
This Sect Protecting Formation was Feng Guanyu's legacy, and it was called the Thousand Illusionary Formation.
Before the Sect Protecting Formation created by Luo Zheng, the Thousand Illusionary Formation was the strongest Sect Protecting Formation in the Central Domain!
Outside of the Sect Protecting Formation, over ten thousand martial artists were floating in the air. Most of these martial artists were at the Divine Illumination Realm, and a small portion of them were at the Divine Core realm. There were also a few dozen False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
All these martial artists were wearing black robes, and two words were drawn on their chests, "Tian Xie".
These martial artists were the Tian Xie Sect's "Divine Kingdom Army"!
Other people referred to the Tian Xie Sect as the Tian Xie Sect, but the people of the Tian Xie Sect called themselves the Kingdom of Evil Deities.
All the martial artists in the Kingdom of Evil Deities were once independent martial artists.
The world of martial artists was extremely cruel. Compared to those martial artists who grew up in sects, the path of independent martial artists was much more difficult, and they were often bullied by the disciples of sects. Therefore, these independent martial artists more or less hated those big sects!
The reason why Cui Xie was able to successfully build his Divine Kingdom was because he had grasped the thoughts of these independent martial artists. He claimed that he would unite all the independent martial artists and overthrow all the sects in the Central Domain. Once his Divine Kingdom was completed, he would then divide the entire domain!
It was worth mentioning that Cui Xie's plan was perfect. Not only had he grasped the appetite of the independent martial artists, he had also promised them great benefits. Therefore, in just a short period of time, Cui Xie had won over a large number of followers.
When the sects saw that the situation was not right, they finally reacted and began to block the independent martial artists!
But it was too late. Cui Xie's "Kingdom of Evil Deities" expanded at an extremely fast speed and quickly grew into the largest force in the entire Central Domain!
If it was purely based on the sects' ranks, the Kingdom of Evil Deities was already qualified to be a sixth-rank sect. Of course, this "Kingdom of Evil Deities" lacked one or two Divine Sea Realm cultivators.
It was not so easy to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. Now, Cui Xie was also stuck at that bottleneck. Therefore, he was also in a hurry to find the third woman with the Extreme Purple Yin Body so that he could break through to the Divine Sea Realm one day. Only then would his Kingdom of Evil Deities be worthy of its name!
This was also one of the reasons why Cui Xie wanted to attack the Void Spirit Sect!
And if he attacked the Void Spirit Sect, his Kingdom of Evil Deities would become even more famous. At that time, the number of independent martial artists seeking refuge with Cui Xie would increase exponentially. Even the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance would not be able to stop them!
"Brothers, this is the number one sect in the world, the Void Spirit Sect! Has anyone been bullied by the Void Spirit Sect in the past? "Cui Xie suddenly shouted as he stood at the front of the Kingdom of Gods' army.
"Yes!"
Tens of thousands of martial artists, the lowest cultivation level was at the Divine Reflection Realm. The aura from this roar could really shake the earth and mountains.
In fact, although the Void Spirit Sect was the number one sect in the world, it was impossible for its power to spread to the entire Central Domain. It was impossible for all of these independent martial artists to have been bullied by the Void Spirit Sect.
However, as independent martial artists, they were more or less suppressed by the martial artists of the sect. For example, when they went to explore a dangerous place, independent martial artists would often travel alone. At most, they would travel in groups of two or three. However, the martial artists of the sect would often travel in groups of dozens. In the end, when they found opportunities and treasures, the independent martial artists would definitely be at a disadvantage!
However, the world of martial artists was like this. Whoever was stronger would get the treasures. It was just the law of the jungle. Thinking about it from another perspective, these independent martial artists would also do the same.
Of course, Cui Xie was stirring up their passion like this, so why would they think about it carefully?
"Very good. Then today is the day the Void Spirit Sect is destroyed!" Cui Xie said coldly.
At this moment, a figure flew out from the Kingdom of Gods' army. It was a fair-skinned scholar. This scholar was a middle stage False Tribulation Realm expert!
The scholar held an ancient folding fan in his hand. When the fan was opened, the word "Xuan" was written on it.
This person was the military advisor of the Kingdom of Gods' army, Xuan Chen. This person was once an independent martial artist and had some fame in the southern part of the Central Domain. However, because he had offended the people of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, his entire family had been killed by the Mysterious Yin Mansion.
Xuan Chen had been living in seclusion all these years. When he heard that Cui Xie had established a Kingdom of Gods, he realized that his opportunity had come.
In Xuan Chen's opinion, whether Cui Xie could really establish a Kingdom of Gods was not important. What was important was that he could borrow Cui Xie's strength to destroy the Mysterious Yin Mansion. Therefore, he and Cui Xie could be said to be using each other.
"I just received news that the young lady of the Xi family is not in the Void Spirit Sect, but in Void Sky City," Xuan Chen said indifferently.
"Oh?" Cui Xie's eyes flashed. "It seems that Taoist Priest Qing Xu really doesn't take me seriously. Haha, so I really should go to Void Sky City!"
"The two transmission arrays in Void Sky City have been destroyed, but I'm afraid that the Xi family would rather die than live in dishonor …" Xuan Chen said.
Cui Xie frowned, and a cautious look appeared on his face. This was indeed a possibility. How could the Xi family be willing to hand over the woman with the Extreme Violet Yin Body to him?
＝＝＝＝＝