Seeing Cui Xie's expression, Xuan Chen immediately said, "In addition to Miss Xi, there is another piece of news that you should be interested in."
"What news?" Cui Xie asked.
"Luo Zheng is back," Xuan Chen immediately said.
"Luo Zheng! Hmph, he really is back! "When Cui Xie heard this name, a murderous look flashed across his face!
There were rumors in the Central Domain that Luo Zheng was dead, but only Cui Xie didn't believe it.
Luo Zheng's performance in the Wheel of Providence was very clear. Cui Xie didn't believe that Luo Zheng would die! Unless Luo Zheng was personally killed by Cui Xie, he wouldn't believe that Luo Zheng was really dead.
"What do you plan to do now?" Xuan Chen carefully asked when he saw the murderous look on Cui Xie's face.
"Stop attacking the Void Spirit Sect and station everyone 100 miles away. Wait for Wu Zhanhe's troops to gather before attacking! Wait for me to arrive before attacking! "Cui Xie instructed.
Poison King Wu Zhanhe had also joined Cui Xie's Kingdom of Evil Deities. Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie were originally not on the same side. It could even be said that there were conflicts between him and Cui Xie!
However, in the face of benefits, Wu Zhanhe still stood on Cui Xie's side. Under Cui Xie's invitation, Wu Zhanhe chose to cooperate with Cui Xie in the grand scheme of the Kingdom of Gods.
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe was rushing over with another group of independent warriors.
Cui Xie did not dare to be the slightest bit careless. The Void Spirit Sect was not called the number one sect in the Central Domain for nothing. Although Feng Guanyu's Sect Protecting Formation could not compare to the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Formation, this "Thousand Illusion Maze Array" would still cause considerable trouble for the God Nation's army.
Moreover, the Void Spirit Sect also had Taoist Priest Qing Xu, whose strength even Cui Xie did not dare to underestimate. In addition, the strength of the Void Spirit Sect's Seven Sons was comparable to a Life and Death Realm expert.
To Cui Xie, the Void Spirit Sect was a hard bone to chew, but once he did, then the Kingdom of Evil Deities would benefit greatly!
Cui Xie asked Xuan Chen to pass down the order to postpone the attack on the Void Spirit Sect. Then he sneered, "That brat is so lucky. Let's see how he can escape this time!" After saying that, Cui Xie turned into a stream of light and went straight to the Void Sky City.
Within the Void Spirit Sect, Taoist Priest Qing Xu was standing in the middle of a huge Eight Trigrams, staring at the sky with a complicated expression.
The Seven Sons of Void Spirit Sect had formed a unique formation according to the Seven Stars Formation. With solemn expressions, they were also staring at the countless warriors in the sky.
Most of these warriors were at the Divine Reflection Realm, and they posed no threat to the Void Spirit Sect. In front of the Thousand Illusionary Formation, no matter how many warriors below the Divine Core realm came here, they would all die. However, there were many Divine Core warriors among them, and the number of Void Tribulation warriors was a few times more than the Void Spirit Sect!
It was hard to determine the outcome of a battle.
One month ago, Taoist Priest Qing Xu had a premonition that Cui Xie would attack the Void Spirit Sect. In fact, many people had guessed it, but Taoist Priest Qing Xu didn't expect Cui Xie to come so soon. Facing the strongest sect in the Central Domain, Cui Xie had attacked without hesitation. His ambition and courage made Taoist Priest Qing Xu feel ashamed of his inferiority!
Right when all the Sect Elders and disciples of the Void Spirit Sect were preparing for the battle, Cui Xie had turned into a beam of light and left!
At the same time, all the warriors of the Tian Xie Sect had started retreating in an orderly manner!
"Sect Chief, Cui Xie is flying towards the Void Sky City." One of the Seven Sons of Void Spirit Sect reminded.
Taoist Priest Qing Xu's expression changed. "Cui Xie, he must be heading towards the Xi family! Sigh, that child is so willful, and being spoiled like this is actually harming her … "Taoist Priest Qing Xu really wanted to rush out and stop Cui Xie. Although his overall strength was weaker than Cui Xie's, he wasn't much weaker than Cui Xie in the Void Sky City.
But now, he had to stay in the Void Spirit Sect and take charge of the situation!
Although the Xi family was important to Taoist Priest Qing Xu, the Void Spirit Sect was even more important. The entire Xi family, or even the entire Void Sky City, was built under the protection of the Void Spirit Sect. Taoist Priest Qing Xu could still distinguish which was more important.
"They are retreating. Should we rush out?" One of the Seven Sons of Void Spirit Sect asked.
Now that Cui Xie had just left, it was a chance for the Void Spirit Sect to counterattack and achieve an unexpected effect. However, Taoist Priest Qing Xu still shook his head. Who knew if this was a trap or not?
"No, we will defend to the death." Taoist Priest Qing Xu said in a deep voice, and his eyes were filled with determination. From the moment he became the Sect Chief of the Void Spirit Sect, his life had been firmly tied to the entire sect!
A beam of light flew towards the Void Sky City. When the beam of light approached the Void Sky City, it was immediately blocked by an invisible force. This force was the no-fly restriction in the Void Sky City.
This kind of restriction was very popular a thousand years ago, but due to the opposition of many cultivators, many cities removed the no-fly restriction one after another. Only the Void Sky City maintained the old rule and still kept the no-fly restriction.
"Hmph." Facing this no-fly restriction, Cui Xie snorted coldly and broke the restriction with a casual punch. He came to the sky above the Void Sky City, glanced around, and went straight to the Xi Family Castle.
The lunch in the Xi Family Castle lasted for half an hour. Xi Xinghuai, the patriarch of the Xi Family, still attached great importance to Luo Zheng. Although he said it was a simple meal, in fact, every dish was very particular. Of course, it took a long time.
During the meal, Xi Xiaojie was still thinking about it. He said to Luo Zheng across the table, "Brother Luo Zheng, if there is a chance, I will go to the Cloud Hall to challenge you. You must accept the challenge!"
This Xi Xiaojie was so persistent that Luo Zheng showed a helpless smile on his face. In the end, he still agreed.
Xi Xinghuai next to him also smiled. He also knew his adopted son's temper. Xi Xiaojie was not afraid of losing. Even if he lost, he would lose with peace of mind.
Just as Xi Xiaojie was about to say something, his face suddenly changed. He reached out and took out a token from his spatial ring. The color of the token turned blood red!
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Even Xi Xinghuai's face became very ugly when he saw the blood-red token.
The Void Spirit Sect's token had a total of three colors. Usually, the token was emerald green. If the Void Spirit Sect entered a state of alert, it would turn yellow. Once a battle started or was about to start, it would turn red. During this period of time, the Void Spirit Sect's token had remained yellow. Now that it suddenly turned red, how could Xi Xiaojie not be anxious?
"Oh no, the Void Spirit Sect is under attack! I have to go! " After Xi Xiaojie entered the False Tribulation Realm, he was also the top battle force of the Void Spirit Sect. At this time, how could he still stay here?
Hearing that the Void Spirit Sect was under attack, Luo Zheng's face suddenly sank. He immediately got up and cupped his hands towards Xi Xinghuai, saying, "I'll take your Miss out of Void Sky City!"
If he didn't eat this lunch, Luo Zheng would have already taken Xi Youqin out of Void Sky City. Now, it was precisely because of this lunch that they were delayed. He didn't expect that there would be a change in the situation. This was indeed something that Luo Zheng never expected.
Xi Xinghuai also knew that this matter was of great importance. He nodded with a dignified expression. "I'll take you to find Xi Youqin!"
Xi Xiaojie rushed to the Void Spirit Sect, while Luo Zheng went straight to Xi Youqin's residence under Xi Xinghuai's lead.
Xi Youqin was alone in her small courtyard. Because she was about to leave the Xi Family Castle, she wasn't even in the mood to eat. Looking at the table full of light and exquisite food, Xi Youqin's eyes drifted, and no one knew what she was thinking.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng almost directly smashed into Xi Youqin's small courtyard, smashing the door and breaking the screen!
These two screens were both made of Spirit Bone Jade. Not to mention that they were expensive, the key was that Xi Youqin liked them very much. She spent a lot of effort to get them two years ago. She didn't expect that they would be directly smashed by Luo Zheng!
"You, you compensate me for my screens!" Xi Youqin furrowed her brows and said angrily.
This guy was really abominable. He didn't put her in his eyes at all.
"Youqin, you still care about this pair of screens at a time like this!" Xi Xinghuai didn't know how to educate his daughter, not to mention now was not the time to educate her.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to talk to her. He grabbed Xi Youqin and spat out a word, "Let's go!"