Luo Zheng soared into the sky and smashed the beam. As soon as the beam of the house broke, the whole house began to collapse. Everything in the small garden was smashed to the ground.
"My, my Yu Hua Yuan …" Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin wanted to cry but had no tears.
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. This rich young lady didn't seem to understand her situation, but he really didn't have the mood, nor did he have the time to sit down with her and analyze the situation and the danger she was in. If this matter wasn't related to Luo Yan, why would he care about this idiot woman's death?
Dragging Xi Youqin along the way, Luo Zheng rushed in the direction of the transmission array. Although the Void Sky City was huge, with Luo Zheng's current flying speed, it wouldn't take long!
However, at this time, a powerful aura suddenly descended from the sky. After Luo Zheng felt the aura, his face suddenly changed.
"Cui Xie!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
When Xi Youqin saw Cui Xie, her face suddenly turned pale. Just a moment ago, Xi Youqin didn't understand what was going on. Now, she finally understood. She didn't expect that the thing that the Xi Family's elders had been worried about all these years would actually happen!
"Luo Zheng!" Cui Xie roared at Luo Zheng from the sky, "Your actions are quite fast! However, if you didn't come to the Xi Family, your life might have been longer. Now, you are really courting death, haha! Today, I will kill you! "
In the past, Luo Zheng really made Cui Xie feel aggrieved. However, Luo Zheng had been hiding outside the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array. Cui Xie couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
However, that was then and this is now. Now, there was no Sect Protecting Array to protect Luo Zheng!
Cui Xie was well aware of how terrifying Luo Zheng's luck was. He wouldn't feel at ease unless he personally got rid of such a person!
What was more, in two years, Luo Zheng had reached the False Tribulation Realm. Although he was only at the early stage, Cui Xie was still afraid of his speed of progress. If Luo Zheng could live for another three or five years, wouldn't he be able to break through to the Spirit Sea Realm? At that time, killing him would be as easy as an eagle catching a chick!
Cui Xie's grand plan was to establish the Divine Kingdom. How could he allow such a great threat to remain in this world?
Therefore, today, Cui Xie's killing intent was the strongest, and it was to kill Luo Zheng. Even a major event like attacking the Void Spirit Sect had been postponed. It could be imagined how much importance Cui Xie attached to Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng wasn't willing to listen to Cui Xie's nonsense. He grabbed Xi Youqin and quickly rushed towards the Heavenly Silkworm River of the Void Sky City. Cui Xie followed closely behind Luo Zheng. They were only a few li apart.
"I hope I can make it in time!" Luo Zheng frowned.
Xi Youqin was tightly dragged behind by Luo Zheng. She could only hear the wind blowing past her ears. Her mind was also in a mess. Just as Luo Zheng arrived at the Heavenly Silkworm River, he saw two columns of black smoke rising into the sky not far away. His heart immediately sank.
Even though he didn't see the Transmission Array, Luo Zheng had already guessed what had happened. When he flew past the two Transmission Arrays, Luo Zheng just lowered his head slightly and saw that the Transmission Arrays were already black and burnt. He didn't slow down at all and continued to fly forward!
"Want to escape through the Transmission Arrays? Wishful thinking! " In order to prevent the support of the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, cutting off the two Transmission Arrays was the most important thing in attacking the Void Spirit Sect. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng was trapped now!
At this time, Cui Xie didn't use his speed. Luo Zheng was already the prey in his hands. The process of chasing him was also a kind of enjoyment for Cui Xie!
Luo Zheng had no way to solve the current situation. Even if Luo Zheng had great luck, Cui Xie didn't believe that anyone could save Luo Zheng's life, unless Taoist Priest Qing Xu came personally! Taoist Priest Qing Xu didn't dare to walk out of the Void Spirit Sect. As the sect master, how could he dare to leave the sect at this time?
How could Luo Zheng not know what Cui Xie knew?
If he were to fully erupt with his astral essence, then with Luo Zheng's current cultivation and strength, he was confident he could escape from Cui Xie. But right now, he was dragging a burden down, and this burden couldn't be easily shaken off!
With a gloomy expression, he suddenly pulled Xi Youqin's hand over!
"Ah!" Xi Youqin screamed. Luo Zheng directly pulled Xi Youqin into his arms.
A man's breath rushed over. Even in this situation, Xi Youqin still blushed. She immediately said angrily, "What are you doing!"
Luo Zheng ignored Xi Youqin. He immediately reached out and grabbed Xi Youqin's waist, carrying her on his back. The Vital Essence in his body instantly erupted. The innate talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion was mixed with the Vital Essence. In an instant, Luo Zheng's speed doubled!
Cui Xie originally maintained a steady speed, following behind Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's speed was fast enough, it was nothing to Cui Xie. What's more, this guy was dragging a burden?
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng suddenly turned into a thin line and shot forward. His speed increased by several levels. Even Cui Xie was a little stunned by his speed.
"Damn it!" Realizing that he had once again underestimated Luo Zheng, Cui Xie angrily cursed. The Vital Essence in his body flickered, and he began to increase his speed while following Luo Zheng!
At that moment, Luo Zheng's speed was indeed unparalleled. Even Cui Xie was somewhat inferior. However, the eruption of Vital Essence was very short. It was far from lasting as long as Vital Essence. Therefore, it could only be used for a short period of time.
Now, Luo Zheng had used the eruption of Vital Essence to increase the distance between him and Cui Xie. However, the situation was still not optimistic. Cui Xie was still firmly locked onto him. The Central Domain was not small. Whether it was going to Tianqi City or the Cloud Hall, there was still a considerable distance to travel.
Once Luo Zheng's Vital Essence was exhausted, it was only a matter of time before Cui Xie caught up to him.
Xi Youqin was lying on Luo Zheng's shoulder. The whistling wind made her unable to hear anything. Their speed was too fast. They had left Virtual Sky City in almost an instant.
She had never left Virtual Sky City since she was a child. She had never traveled outside. She did not expect that the first time she left Virtual Sky City would be in such a situation.
After Luo Zheng's first wave of Vital Essence was exhausted, Cui Xie's flying speed also slowly increased. The distance between the two quickly narrowed.
"Cui Xie is catching up!" Xi Youqin, who was lying on Luo Zheng's shoulder, reminded him.
"Shut up, I don't need you to remind me." How could Luo Zheng not know that Cui Xie was rapidly approaching? Purely relying on Vital Essence to fly, Luo Zheng's speed was still not as fast as Cui Xie's.
"Luo Zheng, I advise you to surrender. Today, you can't escape no matter what. Don't waste time!" Cui Xie said coldly.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest. Instead, he instilled Vital Essence into his voice and replied to Cui Xie, "Since I'm going to die whether I escape or not, I have to try. In any case, you are the Sect Master. Don't talk nonsense!"
"I am the Monarch of the Heavenly Evil Deities Kingdom, not the Sect Master you speak of." The outside world believed that the Tian Xie Sect was a Sect Master. However, no one dared to mention the Tian Xie Sect in front of Cui Xie. Generally, they said the Heavenly Evil Deities Kingdom!
"Hmph, self-proclaimed Monarch of the Divine Nation. You are so shameless," Luo Zheng sneered.
"You are about to die, yet you still want to provoke me? You will only die more miserably! " Cui Xie suddenly increased his speed. The fist in his hand was already flickering. A great power was brewing in Cui Xie's body. As long as there was an opportunity, Cui Xie would make his move.
Feeling this power, Xi Youqin's face was drained of blood. Her face was filled with grief. Today, she was afraid that she would really die here, die on this man's shoulder …
However, to Xi Youqin's surprise, specks of red light suddenly drilled out from Luo Zheng's side. It was Luo Zheng's sword spirit.
After Xun's body completely condensed, she was very close to Xi Youqin. The two women looked at each other. Xun revealed a mocking expression towards Xi Youqin. Then, she took a mid-grade Sage Ranked Spear from Luo Zheng and turned around to charge towards Cui Xie!
"This is Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit." Xi Youqin had heard that Luo Zheng had a very special Sword Spirit. However, a Sword Spirit was a Sword Spirit. Why did it have an expression? Moreover, that Sword Spirit seemed to be mocking her?
Xi Youqin felt that she was hallucinating.