Xun's figure flashed, and the long spear in her hand shot towards Cui Xie in the opposite direction, thrusting her spear forward!
"A middle-grade sacred tool!"
Cui Xie's eyes flashed. There were only a few low-grade sacred tools in the Central Domain. Seeing Luo Zheng's sword spirit holding a middle-grade sacred tool, how could Cui Xie not be envious?
But at the same time, Cui Xie's eyes flashed with a trace of doubt. Wasn't Luo Zheng's sword spirit using a huge sword? How come it was now a long spear?
Luo Zheng's luck was really heaven-defying. After not seeing him for two years, not only had his cultivation broken through to the False Tribulation Realm, but he had also obtained a middle-grade sacred tool.
"Not bad, but unfortunately, this middle-grade sacred tool is still mine. All your luck and all your secrets will belong to me!" In Cui Xie's eyes, there was no doubt that Luo Zheng was hiding a huge secret. As long as he obtained this secret, not only would he be able to become an emperor in the future, but he would also be able to seek greater hegemony. Cui Xie's vision was not limited to the Central Domain. There were also the four Divine Kingdoms on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. The world was so vast, and Cui Xie had been unhindered for thousands of years. In the end, he would stand at the highest point of the world.
And Luo Zheng in front of him was the most crucial step!
Facing Xun's spear, Cui Xie did not hesitate at all. He shot out an earth-yellow fist aura.
"Humph, break for me!"
However, there was no trace of fear on Xun's face. Her long spear trembled, and a formless wave of energy flew out. An astonishing power erupted from the wave of energy, and instantly shattered Cui Xie's fist light.
Seeing this scene, Cui Xie's face revealed a look of shock!
How could Luo Zheng's sword spirit be so powerful?
Although Cui Xie did not use his full strength in this punch, Luo Zheng's sword spirit was able to block his fist aura? How could Cui Xie not be shocked?
Xun looked at Cui Xie with an indifferent expression and sneered, "Are you surprised?"
"You can talk?" Cui Xie's surprised expression became even more obvious. How could a sword spirit talk? Cui Xie had witnessed Luo Zheng's sword spirit before. Although the sword spirit's sword dance was exquisite, it was nothing to Cui Xie's eyes.
How could Cui Xie not be surprised by the Sword Spirit's exquisite spear technique?
However, the surprise on Cui Xie's face quickly dissipated. His expression became incomparably serious. Cui Xie realized that Luo Zheng was not as easy to deal with as he had imagined. He could not treat Luo Zheng as a cultivator who had just entered the Virtual Tribulation Realm! Luo Zheng was just a Divine Reflection warrior, but he was still able to defeat Early Divine Core warriors, and even a Mid Divine Core warrior was no match for him!
"You've really surprised me!" Cui Xie said with a serious expression. An extremely confident and domineering expression emerged on his face, "As the strongest man in the Central Domain, it has been a long time since I've felt this way! But too bad, Luo Zheng, you've come back too early. If you were two or three years later, I might really be no match for you! Haha! "
The domineering aura spread out, as if countless invisible rocks were falling down from the sky, and then falling down from the sky.
Many warriors in the Void Sky City felt their hearts tremble. Fear emerged in their eyes as they raised their heads and stared at the sky.
As for the thousands of mortals in the Void Sky City, they felt as if their heads had been hit by a heavy blow. Their vision turned black, and they couldn't get up from the ground. They only opened their eyes a few hours later, and their faces were filled with absent-minded expressions. They had no idea what had just happened.
For Luo Zheng, Cui Xie's words were just nonsense. Of course, he knew that his best choice was to return to the Central Domain after he had cultivated to the peak of Combat Sovereign realm. If he returned to the Evil Tower, he wouldn't be in such a difficult situation when facing Cui Xie. He might even be able to kill Cui Xie!
But, time waits for no man. If Luo Zheng hadn't returned in time, Cui Xie would have captured the young lady of the Xi family. By the time Cui Xie finished setting up the Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, it would have been too late!
What's more, at that time, Cui Xie would most likely have broken through the Life and Death Realm and become a powerhouse of the deep sea. Luo Zheng might not necessarily be Cui Xie's opponent.
"A mere Life and Death Realm warrior dares to claim to be the strongest person in the Central Domain? What a joke!" While sneering, Xun suddenly revealed a supreme aura. Her aura wasn't deliberate, but was naturally formed by someone who had been in a high position for a long time.
Although Xun's aura wasn't as majestic as Cui Xie's aura, at this moment, Cui Xie unconsciously felt that he was inferior to her!
"You're just a Sword Spirit. How dare you be so rampant in front of me!"
Cui Xie sent out another punch. Xun sneered and also sent out a spear!
Cui Xie was now a fourth layer Life and Death Realm warrior. A year ago, he had passed the fourth tribulation of the Life and Death Realm, and his strength had increased slightly.
According to the division of realms on the Sea God Continent, Cui Xie was now a fourth step Battle-Saint. However, Cui Xie's strength was extremely strong, and he couldn't be regarded as an ordinary Battle-Saint. He was naturally much stronger than Meng Chong, who Luo Zheng encountered in the Mysterious Underworld Cave.
Cui Xie sent out this punch with all his strength. That earthy yellow fist light was sent out, and the rich power of the law of earth contained within it made people feel that this fist light was incomparably heavy, as if it was real.
Seeing this, Xun turned into specks of red light and dissipated. Together with the spear, she shot back towards Luo Zheng.
Xun's purpose was only to slightly obstruct Cui Xie. After returning to Luo Zheng's side, the specks of red light once again condensed and formed her tall body. The spear was naturally held in her arms.
Luo Zheng was already running, but his path was very strange. Originally, he was running towards the outside of the city, but at this moment, he deviated to the other side and began to circle around the periphery of the Void Sky City!
Xun hugged the spear, and her sharp eyes unscrupulously fell on Xi Youqin's face. There was still a faint mocking expression on her face.
She had been unhappy with this woman for a long time. She was a delicate young lady from a wealthy family, but she had no sense of propriety and was opinionated. With Xun's personality, she would have killed this woman the moment she saw her. Why would she become a burden to Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng's strength might be inferior to Cui Xie's, but if Luo Zheng went all out, it wouldn't be difficult for him to escape from Cui Xie. However, he had to carry this burden and escape.
However, Xun understood Luo Zheng's personality. He wouldn't kill the innocent, and he was soft-hearted towards women. Therefore, she couldn't kill this woman, so as to avoid angering Luo Zheng.
"You, why are you looking at me like that?" Being stared at by Xun like that, Xi Youqin suddenly felt a burst of panic.
Xun sneered coldly and said, "Aren't you not afraid of death? Why are you still holding on to Luo Zheng so tightly? "
Although Xi Youqin was very reluctant to be held by Luo Zheng, she still held on to Luo Zheng's shoulders tightly while flying at high speed.
"I …" Xi Youqin's expression darkened. She didn't know how to respond to Xun's words. However, she suddenly thought of something and her stubborn temperament suddenly came up. Then, Xi Youqin said coldly, "Luo Zheng, let go of me."
"Let go of you?" Xun blinked her eyes. "If I let go of you, Cui Xie will catch you and set up the Great Formation of Heavenly Demon Joyous Union? You are indeed not important, but Luo Yan is a hundred times more important than you! "
From Luo Zheng's point of view, this was indeed the case. Xi Youqin's life or death was not important to Luo Zheng. The reason why he wanted to take Xi Youqin away was for his sister.
"Then, then just kill me …" Xi Youqin finally understood that there was no other way in front of her. There was no other way for her to choose, except for death!
"Xun, forget it," Luo Zheng said lightly.
How could he not know Xun's purpose? It was nothing more than to squeeze Xi Youqin and use Xi Youqin's temper to make him give up on her, or even kill her. However, Luo Zheng would not choose to do so.
Although the world of martial artists was cruel, Luo Zheng could choose to do something or not do anything. Xun's choice was indeed the safest and most convenient, but Luo Zheng did not want to easily lose something!
While carrying Xi Youqin and circling around Virtual Sky City, the distance between Cui Xie and Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer. However, just as Luo Zheng flew over a palace-like building in Virtual Sky City, he suddenly stopped and faced Cui Xie with a strange smile on his face!
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly stop, Cui Xie's expression changed and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face. It was impossible for this kid to be captured without putting up a fight. His actions must be a trap!
＝＝＝＝＝