Previously, Luo Zheng had run towards the outside of the city. Cui Xie also had other plans. After Luo Zheng left the city, he would use the True Essence Talisman to send a message to Poison King Wu Zhanhe so that Wu Zhanhe could surround Luo Zheng.
However, he didn't expect that not only did Luo Zheng not escape from the city, but he was also circling around in the sky above the Void Sky City. How could Cui Xie not be on guard against this strange behavior?
"What are you worried about?" Luo Zheng asked with a faint smile across the distance of several hundred feet.
Cui Xie's expression sank, and he looked around even more vigilantly. Looking around, Cui Xie didn't find anything wrong. However, looking at Luo Zheng's smile, Cui Xie became even more suspicious!
The two of them faced each other from several hundred feet away.
"In that case, I'm leaving!" Luo Zheng smiled and turned around to leave.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to leave, Cui Xie suddenly became angry. Who knew that Luo Zheng would use the empty city tactic?
Cui Xie had no choice. He circulated his True Essence and suddenly accelerated, shooting towards Luo Zheng!
"Attack!"
Seeing that Cui Xie had arrived above the palace, Luo Zheng shouted.
The palace below Cui Xie suddenly bloomed with rays of light. These rays of light connected from dots to lines, and the streets within a radius of hundreds of mu bloomed with red light. It was as if a sun had fallen to the ground. The streets were directly connected to each other and evolved into a huge rune!
At the same time, the power of the Law of Space suddenly fluctuated in the palace. After several blazing white rays of light flashed, Xi Xiaojie, Xi Xinghuai, and the Seven Void Spirit Masters appeared!
"Xiu Xiu Xiu Xiu …"
From the huge rune formed by the streets, small dragons of light emerged. These small dragons rushed into the sky and wrapped around Cui Xie at lightning speed. Some of the small dragons wrapped around Cui Xie's limbs, while others wrapped around his body. In the blink of an eye, these small dragons tightly trapped Cui Xie!
"I've long heard that in addition to the Thousand Illusion Maze Formation, Feng Guanyu also had a peerless masterpiece hidden in the Void Spirit Sect. Today, I've seen this Dragon-trapped Rope. It's really extraordinary!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Luo Zheng had not seen the power of the "Thousand Illusion Maze Formation" of the Void Spirit Sect, but the power released by this Dragon-trapped Rope still made Luo Zheng sincerely admire it!
After all, the Central Domain was not the Upper World. Unlike Luo Zheng, Feng Guanyu could not obtain the inheritance of the Divine Rune Technique. Therefore, Feng Guanyu had no predecessors to learn from and could only rely on himself to explore and create. But even so, Feng Guanyu could exert the rune technique to this extent. Luo Zheng could feel that the power of this Dragon-trapped Rope was not inferior to some three-star Divine Runes.
Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai suddenly broke through the void and came to Luo Zheng.
The Seven Void Spirit Masters also slowly flew into the sky. They had maintained vigilance, holding long swords and facing Cui Xie.
In addition to Xi Xiaojie and the Seven Void Spirit Masters, there were also two Void Spirit Sect disciples escorting a servant girl in green clothes.
Xi Youqin suddenly broke free from Luo Zheng's body, retreated a few steps, and fiercely glared at Luo Zheng before flying towards the two Void Spirit Sect disciples. "What are you doing? Why are you capturing Li Hua! Let her go! "
Xi Xiaojie's face revealed a bitter expression, and he said to Xi Youqin, "Sister, this servant girl of yours is someone that Cui Xie and the others placed by your side …"
"Impossible! Li Hua has been with me since young, and we are very close. We are inseparable. How can she be one of Cui Xie's people! "Xi Youqin's face was full of disbelief.
Hearing Xi Youqin's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh, and his face was full of a bitter smile. Xun rolled her eyes and said in a low voice, "It's best to kill this kind of idiot. Living in this world is a waste of food!"
Li Hua had indeed grown up with Xi Youqin, and they were like sisters, but although she was a servant girl, she was also a Xiantian life form. If Cui Xie wanted her to betray Xi Youqin, it would be too easy. In fact, this kind of thing didn't need Cui Xie's help, but was arranged by Xuan Chen.
"Sister, don't make trouble!" At this time, even Xi Xiaojie couldn't bear it and said coldly to Xi Youqin.
"But Li Hua, she …" Xi Youqin still seemed unwilling.
"Xiu!"
An invisible spear light suddenly shot out. Even the Void Spirit Seven and Xi Xinghuai were very afraid of this spear light, and this spear light was shot towards Xi Youqin!
This spear light almost brushed past Xi Youqin's cheek, and immediately cut off a strand of hair near her ear. At the same time, it left a thin scar on her face, and a little bit of blood seeped out.
"If you speak any more nonsense, I will kill you," Xun said in a deep voice, and her eyes revealed a faint killing intent.
When such killing intent was released, it was as if Xun was really a terrifying True God who controlled slaughter. At this time, Xi Youqin immediately shut her mouth.
Xi Xinghuai saw that his daughter's face had been cut, and although he felt distressed, he couldn't say anything.
"Hahahaha, so you had already planned this! Good, good! The number one sect in the world shouldn't be so weak. Interesting, interesting … Hahaha! "Cui Xie, who was firmly bound by the Dragon-trapping Rope, suddenly began to laugh wildly.
Since Cui Xie led tens of thousands of Godly Nations troops to surround the Void Spirit Sect, Daoist Qing Xu had been guarding the sect with his life, appearing extremely weak.
In fact, Cui Xie's movements and goals had long been known by the Void Spirit Sect, so they chose to beat him at his own game!
If it was to protect Xi Youqin, the Void Spirit Sect would definitely not leave her in the Xi Family Castle. At least, they would let Xi Youqin enter the Void Spirit Sect to temporarily hide. Therefore, Xi Youqin was just a bait, and the goal was to lure Cui Xie!
Originally, Daoist Qing Xu planned to let Xi Xiaojie escape with Xi Youqin and lure Cui Xie to the Dragon-trapping Rope. However, Xi Xiaojie had just entered the Void Tribulation Realm. Although he was proficient in the Law of Space, he might not be able to successfully complete the mission.
Coincidentally, Luo Zheng appeared at this time!
However, when Luo Zheng had just entered the Xi Family Castle, he did not know about the Void Spirit Sect's scheme. When Xi Xinghuai and the others put on a show and finally forced Xi Youqin to leave with Luo Zheng, Li Hua, as Xi Youqin's personal maid, naturally knew about this news!
When everyone was eating lunch, although they were laughing on the surface, they were secretly communicating with each other using true essence sound transmissions. Although Xi Youqin and Li Hua did not eat together, it was very likely that Li Hua was not the only spy in the Xi Family, so everyone was still very careful!
After Li Hua secretly burned the sound transmission talisman, Luo Zheng had already agreed to this matter. Therefore, he directly rushed into Xi Youqin's small courtyard and took Xi Youqin away in a "hurry". At this time, Cui Xie had already received the news and rushed over from outside the Void Sky City.
From the beginning to the end, only Xi Youqin was kept in the dark in the Xi Family.
No matter how stupid Xi Youqin was, at this time, she completely understood that from the beginning to the end, she was just bait …
She thought that she was highly valued in the Xi Family and was doted on by everyone. Whether it was her grandfather, father, or the other elders of the Xi Family, they all held her in their hands. She did not expect that in the end, she would actually play such a role.
"Is this how you treat me …" Xi Youqin's eyes blurred and her expression was miserable. However, everyone's attention was now focused on Cui Xie, so who would pay attention to Xi Youqin?
"Cui Xie, you're about to die and you're still so arrogant. My Void Spirit Sect is known as the number one sect in the world, do you really think it's just an exaggerated title?" The leader of the Void Spirit Seven pointed his sword at Cui Xie and shouted in a stern voice.
There was no trace of fear in Cui Xie's eyes, and they were still full of ridicule. "Indeed, you're a little smarter than I thought, but unfortunately, it's still far from enough!"
When Cui Xie's voice fell, a black mist suddenly erupted from between his eyebrows. The black mist instantly wrapped around him and the Dragon-trapping Rope, and the mist seemed to be constantly corroding the Dragon-trapping Rope!
"Isn't this Dragon-trapping Rope able to seal off vital essence? Why can Cui Xie still operate vital essence? "
"That's not vital essence, it should be some kind of secret method that doesn't need vital essence!"
"We can't let him destroy the Dragon-trapping Rope, kill, kill him quickly!"
The Void Spirit Sect had been planning for a long time, and their purpose was to rely on Feng Guanyu's Dragon-trapping Rope to kill Cui Xie. Although this move was extremely risky, once Cui Xie was killed, the Void Spirit Sect could be considered to have made a supreme contribution! On that day, the Kingdom of Evil Deities would inevitably collapse!
It was because of this reason that Luo Zheng agreed to cooperate with the Void Spirit Sect. After all, Luo Zheng's goal was the same as the Void Spirit Sect's.
This Dragon-trapping Rope was extremely powerful. It was said that if a Life and Death Realm martial artist was trapped inside, even a Life and Death Realm martial artist wouldn't be able to escape. However, Cui Xie was still able to use this secret method!
This scene caused everyone's expressions to change greatly. The Seven Voidspirit Masters' expressions were grave as they raised their swords one after another. Six of them retreated while one of them charged forward. This was the Seven Voidspirit Masters' most powerful formation.