For the Void Spirit Sect, this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
How could the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect dare to be negligent at this time?
Although the Dragon-trapping Rope was a trump card of the Void Spirit Sect, Cui Xie was the strongest person in the Central Domain. Who knew what would happen if they delayed? Moreover, the black fog was indeed corroding the Dragon-trapping Rope. If Cui Xie really broke the Dragon-trapping Rope, the Void Spirit Sect's previous scheme would be in vain. How could they miss such a heaven-sent opportunity?
The overall strength of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect had improved a lot, and the leader had reached the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
Moreover, the "Seven Voids Into One" they set up could combine the strength of seven people. This sword strike was bound to take Cui Xie's life!
"Whoosh!"
The sword light in the hand of the leader of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect soared, and it directly disappeared into the black fog!
Everyone stared at the black fog nervously. Cui Xie was locked by the Dragon-trapping Rope, and at this moment, he couldn't even operate his Genuine Essence. If this sword strike hit him, he would definitely not be able to block it!
Luo Zheng stared at the black fog, and a bad premonition suddenly rose in his heart. From the day Luo Zheng stepped into the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had blocked Cui Xie as his opponent and the biggest obstacle in his martial arts. Luo Zheng didn't believe that this obstacle could be eliminated so easily.
However, compared with Luo Zheng, the others seemed to be very confident. For example, Xi Xinghuai, the head of the Xi Family, could help the Void Spirit Sect eliminate Cui Xie, and his Xi Family would definitely be famous in the world!
"Ding … Ding ding ding!"
However, just after the joint attack of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect, everyone suddenly heard the sound of metal breaking, and then they saw several beams of light flying out of the black fog!
"Puff puff puff puff!"
The beams of light contained great power, and they instantly hit the chests of four of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect. The beams of light didn't stop at all and directly penetrated the four of them. Blood burst out in front of their chests and behind their backs, leaving a horrible hole in their chests. Then the four of them fell from the sky!
At this time, everyone saw clearly that the beams of light were fragments of the sword. Not only did the sword strike fail to kill Cui Xie, but it also shot back after it shattered, it instantly killed four of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect!
"Third Brother!"
"Fifth Brother!"
"Sixth Brother …"
Everyone's expression changed drastically, and the remaining three of the Seven Void Spirit Masters cried out in grief.
The Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect ate and slept together, and they had long been connected with each other. They had been in the Central Domain for so many years, and none of them had died. But today, four of them had died in the blink of an eye, and the remaining three were devastated.
The black fog gradually dispersed, and the Dragon-trapping Rope that originally bound Cui Xie had broken layer by layer, and the light dissipated little by little. At this time, Cui Xie's body exuded a violent aura, and layers of scales appeared on his skin.
"It's really good that you can force me to this point. In return, I will crush the entire Void Spirit Sect, hahahaha!" Cui Xie laughed wildly. At this moment, the wind and clouds changed color, and the entire Void Sky City was shrouded under his momentum. Except for him, there seemed to be nothing else.
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng did not think much, but rushed to Xi Youqin immediately. After grabbing Xi Youqin again, the Zhen Qi in his body began to circulate crazily, and the Vital Spirit burst out at the same time. His figure turned into a black line!
His hunch was indeed correct. Since Cui Xie had the confidence to establish a Divine Kingdom and dared to attack the Void Spirit Sect, then his means were definitely not limited to this!
"I, I'll kill you!"
The Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect were like one person. The other four had died, and the remaining three could not live alone!
At this time, the others did not have the impulse to fight. In the face of Cui Xie in such a state, they were simply courting death if they rushed up. Therefore, when Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai saw Luo Zheng take away Xi Youqin, they did not stop them. In contrast, it was safer for Xi Youqin to follow Luo Zheng than to follow them!
Xi Xiaojie and Xi Xinghuai, however, fled in two different directions.
It was also because three of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect had bought time for them to escape. Although the remaining three were no match for Cui Xie, they were still Virtual Tribulation Realm powerhouses after all!
Luo Zheng's face was very ugly. He had expected that Cui Xie would not be killed so easily, but he did not expect that Cui Xie's strength would suddenly increase to such an extent! If it was before, Luo Zheng could resist Cui Xie's strength, and with his speed, he could even escape from Cui Xie's hands. But now, Luo Zheng might not be a match for Cui Xie.
Rushing forward, Luo Zheng had rushed out of the Void Sky City in just a short while. Outside the Void Sky City was a vast mountain range. After Luo Zheng chose a direction, he did not stop. Once again, the vital essence in his body erupted, and he transformed into a stream of light and flew through the air.
If he did not use the Transmission Formation, with Luo Zheng's flying speed, it would only take him about three days to arrive at Cloud Sea City!
However, would Cui Xie not chase after him?
Luo Zheng was originally Cui Xie's target, and he had Xi Youqin with him. This woman was also something Cui Xie had to get his hands on. After dealing with the remaining three of the Seven Masters of the Void Spirit Sect, Cui Xie would definitely chase after him.
Sure enough, after an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng saw a black dot appear behind him. That black dot was Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, but that black dot was not slow either!
As long as Luo Zheng stopped circulating his vital essence, that black dot would be closer to Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng's vital essence could not be released all the time. This was the limitation of a body cultivator. Even Luo Zheng could not avoid this. When Luo Zheng had just entered the Sea God Continent, he was also chased by three Demon Race War Sages like this. In the end, they almost caught up with him because he could not replenish his vital essence in time.
"This is troublesome!"
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows deeply.
He did not notice that from the beginning to the end, Xi Youqin was lying on Luo Zheng's shoulder expressionlessly like a piece of wood.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking about how to deal with it, Xi Youqin suddenly said, "Luo Zheng, kill me."
If he killed Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng would not need to carry such a big person to escape. His speed would inevitably increase, and the probability of escaping would naturally be higher.
If it were someone else, Luo Zheng could just let them go. He believed that Cui Xie would not find trouble with other people in order to chase Luo Zheng. However, Xi Youqin had the Extreme Purple Yin Body. She was also someone that Cui Xie must catch. Being in such a situation was indeed very unfavorable for Luo Zheng.
"Kill you?" Xun, who was flying at the same speed as Luo Zheng, sneered, "Aren't you afraid of death?"
Xi Youqin's face revealed a resolute expression, "I was very afraid before, but now … I'm not."
Today was indeed a sad day for Xi Youqin. She suddenly felt that she was a fool in everyone's eyes. Although everyone in the Xi family flattered her, no one trusted her. Even Xi Xiaojie, who grew up with her, was the same.
Under such circumstances, Xi Youqin's mood suddenly became extremely depressed.
As soon as her voice fell, Xun suddenly pointed her spear. Xun really intended to stab this time. The tip of the spear had already pierced Xi Youqin's forehead. In Xun's opinion, only by killing this woman could Luo Zheng escape with all his strength. She had wanted to kill Xi Youqin for a long time.
"Stop," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"If she dies, we will have a chance to escape," Xun said lightly.
"I know," Luo Zheng replied, staring ahead.
"Why don't you let me kill her?" Xun asked again. She felt that it was unwise to drag this burden down in this situation.
Luo Zheng took a breath and his Vital Spirit erupted again. After his speed suddenly increased, Luo Zheng said, "I have another way."