There were countless fierce beasts lurking in the Cloud Dream Swamp. So far, the warriors of the Central Domain had not been able to fully explore the Cloud Dream Swamp.
In the sky, Luo Zheng was locked onto by Cui Xie. It was difficult for him to shake off Cui Xie. However, the Cloud Dream Swamp was extremely complicated. Luo Zheng could shake off Cui Xie!
Luo Zheng headed straight for the Cloud Dream Swamp. At this time, a cold smile appeared on Cui Xie's face. "Enter the Cloud Dream Swamp? That's a good idea. However, Luo Zheng, luck doesn't seem to be on your side this time! "
Then, Cui Xie took out a sound transmitting talisman and pinched it lightly. The sound transmitting talisman began to burn. "Wu Zhanhe, a rat has entered the Cloud Dream Swamp. The Void Spirit Seven have been killed by me. We can take down the Void Spirit Sect at any time. Tell Xuanchen to retreat 150 kilometers. Bring your men over!"
Cui Xie was very clear that Wu Zhanhe had been hiding in the Cloud Dream Swamp all these years. In the entire Central Domain, there was probably no one who knew the Cloud Dream Swamp better than Wu Zhanhe.
Why couldn't Luo Zheng hide anywhere? Why did he have to hide in the Cloud Dream Swamp?
After a while, a flame appeared beside Cui Xie's ear. Wu Zhanhe had burned the sound transmitting talisman. A voice came from the sound transmitting talisman. "Haha, the Cloud Dream Swamp is like my back garden to me. Let me help you catch the rat!"
Wu Zhanhe's strength was only slightly weaker than Cui Xie's. The two of them did not have a subordinate relationship. It was just that Wu Zhanhe had the ambition to establish a Holy Land, while Cui Xie dreamed of establishing his own Divine Kingdom. The two of the most powerful people in the Central Domain chose to join forces.
However, Cui Xie was very clear that the two of them were using each other. However, once they succeeded, there would definitely be a battle between them. Wu Zhanhe was definitely hiding a trump card that Cui Xie did not know about. However, Cui Xie was also confident that he could take down Cui Xie.
No matter what, there were no cracks in this seemingly united alliance for the time being. After all, their goals were shockingly similar, and their ambitions were also shockingly great!
After Luo Zheng entered the Yunmeng Swamp, he immediately lowered his altitude and flew close to the ground.
The terrain of the Clouddream Swamp was extremely complicated. There were shallow depressions everywhere. Some of the depressions looked incomparably clear, but in fact, they contained fatal toxins. Even the most powerful creatures would die immediately after licking them!
Luo Zheng was almost flying close to the ground, trying to restrain his aura as much as possible. In order to reduce the True Essence fluctuations and the leakage of his imposing manner, Luo Zheng even let Xun transform into a little red light that entered his body. Because of this, Luo Zheng's flying speed also slowed down.
After entering the Clouddream Swamp, Luo Zheng did not sense Cui Xie's aura. Perhaps Cui Xie had also concealed his own aura. At this moment, Luo Zheng was unable to determine Cui Xie's position. Then, Cui Xie would also find it difficult to lock onto Luo Zheng. This was also the result that Luo Zheng wanted.
The Clouddream Swamp was very vast, and the terrain was also extremely complicated. As long as he retracted his aura and slowly stealthily increased the distance between him and Cui Xie, then carefully left the Clouddream Swamp, it would not be difficult to get rid of Cui Xie.
"It's useless, you can't get out." At this moment, Xi Youqin suddenly opened her mouth and said.
Just as she finished speaking, Luo Zheng covered her mouth with one hand and said with a ruthless expression, "Shut up, do you want to die?"
Her mouth and nose were covered by Luo Zheng, so she could no longer speak. Her pair of brown eyes coldly stared at Luo Zheng. Now, she really did not seem to know what fear was.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a great power being released!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng covered Xi Youqin's mouth and quietly approached a quagmire. Then, his whole body sank into the quagmire.
Cui Xie's perception was very sharp. In order to avoid the perception released by Cui Xie, Luo Zheng did not dare to use Zhenqi to protect his body. He was afraid that Cui Xie would sense the fluctuations of Zhenqi, so the two of them were immediately covered by wet mud.
Xi Youqin's natural disposition was to be clean. If she did not circulate her Zhenqi, her whole body would be covered with a layer of black mud. How could she be willing?
At this moment, she twisted her body and made a fuss in Luo Zheng's arms.
"You're not even afraid of death, yet you're afraid of being dirty?" Luo Zheng lowered his voice and sneered.
Hearing this, Xi Youqin suddenly stopped resisting. Then, Luo Zheng dragged her down to the bottom of the mud!
The two of them were completely wrapped in mud and were immersed in the bottom of the quagmire.
Just as they entered, Luo Zheng felt a perception sweep over them and then slowly leave. Obviously, the owner of this perception was Cui Xie.
The two of them quietly lay at the bottom of the quagmire, motionless. After about the time it took to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng dragged Xi Youqin out. However, he still did not dare to make too much noise and carefully moved to the shore of the quagmire.
At this time, the white-clothed Xi Youqin had completely turned into a "black person". In a situation where she could not use Zhenqi to protect her body, her face, nose, and ears were all covered in mud!
She had never been so dirty in her life!
The black mud was like crawling worms, making her feel uncomfortable. At this moment, she wanted to immediately find a place to clean herself.
Xi Youqin was about to speak when she heard Luo Zheng say, "Don't move! Don't use Zhenqi! "
She followed Luo Zheng's gaze and saw a small black snake in the grass beside her!
The small snake's entire body was pitch black. Because its surface was too smooth, it flickered with a faint luster.
"Black Feathered Snake!"
Xi Youqin saw the feather-like crown on the small snake's head and immediately recognized the origin of the small snake.
It was not that Xi Youqin was knowledgeable, but the Black Feathered Snake was too famous. Therefore, Xi Youqin was able to recognize it in an instant.
The Black Feathered Snake was one of the most famous poisons in the Central Domain. The price of the Black Feathered Snake's poison was very high. It was a rare poison in the world and also a precious material.
Even the most powerful martial artist would die within a breath of time after being bitten by the Black Feathered Snake. This small snake's poison was extremely overbearing. Therefore, every year, many martial artists would lose their lives trying to catch the Black Feathered Snake!
The moment Xi Youqin saw the Black Feathered Snake, she wanted to use Zhenqi to resist the Black Feathered Snake. However, Luo Zheng stopped her at this time.
"Hiss!"
The Black Feathered Snake probably sensed that the two of them had discovered it. It suddenly jumped out of its body and bit towards Xi Youqin.
At this moment, Luo Zheng quickly stretched out his hand and blocked in front of Xi Youqin. However, the Black Feathered Snake bit Luo Zheng's arm.
The moment the Black Feathered Snake bit Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin wanted to scream. However, before she could scream, Luo Zheng's other hand covered her mouth. Luo Zheng had expected this woman to scream!
Then, Xi Youqin looked at the Black Feathered Snake with fear in her eyes. "You, it bit you …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and grabbed the Black Feathered Snake in his hand. He casually tore the Black Feathered Snake into several pieces and threw them into the grass. With a calm expression, he said, "I'm fine."
Xi Youqin suddenly looked at Luo Zheng as if she was looking at a monster. Although she had heard about all kinds of incredible things that had happened to Luo Zheng, the Black Feathered Snake's venom was so strong. How could he be fine just like that?
"Follow me." Luo Zheng parted the grass in front of him and motioned for Xi Youqin to follow him.
Xi Youqin stood in place and hesitated for a while. She stared at Luo Zheng's back, which was not particularly broad. Although she knew that Luo Zheng was just afraid that she would use Zhenqi, he did not hesitate to stretch out his hand and let the snake bite him. This made her feel very complicated.
After thinking about it, Xi Youqin stepped forward and followed Luo Zheng.
But, her body was covered in a layer of mud, and she felt very uncomfortable.
She had never lacked any cultivation resources since she was young. Also, she was a Heavenly rank genius, and she had great talent, which allowed her to break through to the Divine Core realm without going through any training. Naturally, she couldn't imagine how difficult it was for cultivators in the outside world, and she couldn't imagine how some cultivators would risk their lives just for a low rank Spiritual Weapon, and work hard for a few years just for a single pill!
She had never experienced how difficult it was to walk the path of cultivation, but she had never experienced it.
In a way, this could be considered her first time venturing out into the outside world …
Both of them walked slowly in the Dreamcloud Swamp. Because they were afraid that they would be discovered if they circulated their Zhenqi, they didn't dare fly.
After walking for a while in the swamp, her eyes suddenly lit up. She saw a crystal clear pool, and she wanted to wash off the mud on her body in the pool.
She walked up to Luo Zheng and patted on his shoulder. After that, she said, "I, I want to take a bath …"
Luo Zheng looked at the black Xi Youqin, then he looked at the crystal clear pool. With a grin on his face, he picked up a green Reed Grass and threw it into the pool.
"Sizzle … sizzle … sizzle …"
When the Reed Grass was thrown into the pool, it immediately turned black, and at the same time, a faint smoke emerged from it. Clearly, the clear water in the pool contained a deadly poison.
"Do you still want to take a bath?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
＝＝＝＝＝