The entire Yunmeng Marsh was shrouded in a faint mist.
Of course, this kind of mist was different from the dense fog in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. The dense fog in the Mysterious Underworld Cave was arranged using a formation. If one couldn't get the formation plate, they would be trapped and unable to walk out of the fog.
The fog in the Yunmeng Marsh might be a little troublesome for ordinary people and warriors with low cultivation. However, for warriors at Luo Zheng's level, they needed to pay more attention to the complex environment and ferocious beasts.
When Xi Youqin saw the highly toxic pond water, her expression changed dramatically. She didn't have an abnormal body like Luo Zheng's that could resist the poison. If she jumped in like this, her whole body would be corroded by the poisonous water until not even dregs would be left!
"But I want to take a bath …" Xi Youqin really couldn't stand being so dirty.
"Bear with it," Luo Zheng shook his head. He pushed aside the grass at the side and continued to move forward.
The direction he was moving in was the direction Cui Xie's perception had just swept over. According to general logic, Luo Zheng should choose to move in the opposite direction from Cui Xie instead of following Cui Xie because they weren't deep into the Yunmeng Marsh at the moment. Since Cui Xie had already entered, Luo Zheng could escape as long as he left the Yunmeng Marsh in the opposite direction.
However, Luo Zheng didn't do so. According to Luo Zheng's judgment, Cui Xie had released his perception so ostentatiously just now to let him discover him, making him think that Cui Xie had already entered the Yunmeng Marsh. In the end, Cui Xie would come back and kill him.
If that was the case, Luo Zheng would become extremely dangerous.
As Luo Zheng moved forward, he was also thinking about how to deal with it. Suddenly, Luo Zheng's expression changed. He suddenly lowered his body and pulled Xi Youqin into the grass at the same time.
In mid-air, a human figure turned back in the thick fog and shot out of the Yunmeng Marsh at an extremely fast speed.
"Sure enough, I guessed right." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. If he had just left the Yunmeng Marsh, Cui Xie would have caught up with him sooner or later.
In mid-air, Cui Xie was flying at high speed. This density had a great restraining effect on perception. Even though Cui Xie's perception could not extend too far, it could only cover a small area. The most troublesome thing was that although the Yunmeng Marsh looked very desolate, in fact, there were countless creatures lurking in this desolate marsh. If Luo Zheng was lurking among them, Cui Xie would not be able to distinguish them one by one.
Therefore, Cui Xie could only use this method to create an illusion for Luo Zheng, making him think that he had entered the depths of the marsh. But soon, Luo Zheng turned back and rushed out of the marsh. His speed was like a meteor!
If Luo Zheng had avoided his search, he should have chosen to escape from the Yunmeng Marsh because this was an excellent opportunity. Therefore, if Cui Xie returned like this, it was very likely that he would catch up with Luo Zheng. As long as he locked onto Luo Zheng's figure, that brat would not be able to escape his pursuit even if he flew up to the sky or escaped underground.
However, after Cui Xie left the Yunmeng Marsh, he did not find Luo Zheng's figure. Then, he landed on an open space outside the Yunmeng Marsh. Cui Xie placed a thin, long stick shaped object on the open space. The top of the stick shaped object was inlaid with a purple crystal. Zhenqi was flickering in the crystal.
This object was a simple letter tablet. Cui Xie had placed it here before entering the Yunmeng Marsh. If Luo Zheng really left the Yunmeng Marsh, there would be a record in this letter tablet.
Cui Xie checked for a while, but did not find Luo Zheng's figure in the letter tablet. His face revealed a trace of a grim smile. "That cunning brat is still hiding in the Yunmeng Marsh!"
At this time, Cui Xie was not in a hurry to enter the marsh to find Luo Zheng. Instead, he waited for Wu Zhanhe's arrival. Wu Zhanhe had been lurking in the Yunmeng Marsh for so many years. In the Central Domain, there was probably no one more familiar with the Yunmeng Marsh than Cui Xie!
Before this, Cui Xie had already burned the Sound Transmitting Talisman to inform Wu Zhanhe. Therefore, he did not have to wait for long. Suddenly, dozens of escape lights appeared not far away and shot straight towards Cui Xie. The leading escape light was the fastest. That person was no doubt Wu Zhanhe.
After Wu Zhanhe arrived, he only nodded towards Cui Xie, while the other more than 20 people respectfully cupped their hands towards Cui Xie and shouted, "Greetings, Your Majesty!"
Cui Xie nodded and said to Wu Zhanhe, "Zhanhe, that Luo Zheng brought that girl from the Xi family into the Yunmeng Marsh. Do you have a way to find him?"
A confident smile appeared on Wu Zhanhe's face and he chuckled, "I am very familiar with every area of the Yunmeng Marsh. As long as that brat is still in the Yunmeng Marsh, there will be no place for him to hide! Cui Xie, come with me! " Wu Zhanhe then turned back and said to the False Tribulation Realm warriors, "Also, you guys search the area according to my plan! The Yunmeng Marsh is huge and finding a person in it is as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack. In fact, it is not so. Because there are different types of fierce beasts in each area. Once Luo Zheng passes through these areas, he will definitely provoke those fierce beasts. As long as a battle breaks out, I … will be able to sense his location! "
Hearing Wu Zhanhe's tone, Cui Xie's forehead unconsciously wrinkled. He had once asked Wu Zhanhe to address him as Country Lord. Wu Zhanhe had only agreed to it face to face, but he still called him by his full name.
This meant that Wu Zhanhe did not acknowledge his identity as Country Lord.
The reason why the two of them could work together and plan for the Divine Kingdom was because they had the same goal. However, as Life and Death Realm experts, neither side was willing to submit to the other!
"Forget it, after my Great Demonic Joyous Union Array is completed, it won't be too late to suppress you. At that time, if you still don't listen to me, don't blame me for being ruthless," Cui Xie thought indifferently.
Cui Xie thought this way, but how could Wu Zhanhe not have the same thoughts?
For the Kingdom of Evil Deities to be able to develop to its current state, how could it not have Wu Zhanhe's contribution? Asking him to address Cui Xie as Country Lord, there was no way!
Why was Wu Zhanhe so proactive this time?
Luo Zheng might have to die, but that Xi Youqin would also have to die. Wu Zhanhe also did not wish for Xi Youqin to fall into Cui Xie's hands. The moment Cui Xie's Great Demonic Joyous Union Array was completed, Wu Zhanhe's end would not be much better! The best fate for him would be to become Cui Xie's vassal. If Cui Xie was a little more ruthless, he would probably be the first person that Cui Xie would kill after breaking through.
The two of them seemed to be united on the surface, but they were divided at heart. But together, they were indeed the strongest power in the Central Domain!
Under Wu Zhanhe's orders, everyone entered the Cloud Dream Swamp and used voice transmission talismans to communicate with each other.
Wu Zhanhe was extremely familiar with the Cloud Dream Swamp. The Cloud Dream Swamp was vast, and even Cui Xie had not entered the deepest part of the swamp. Or it could be said that since ancient times, only Wu Zhanhe had lived here before. Thus, he was extremely familiar with every part of the Cloud Dream Swamp.
When Wu Zhanhe entered the Dreamy Cloud Swamp, his body suddenly emitted streaks of green poisonous fog. The moment this poisonous fog was released, it spread rapidly within the thick fog. He slowly floated in mid-air, his eyes closed as though he was trying to communicate with something!
Because they were walking, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin's speed was not fast. After such a long time, they had only walked less than 10 li.
How difficult was it to walk through the swamp? There was mud and puddles everywhere. Xi Youqin frowned along the way, using her hands to hold up her black skirt. Every time she took a step, she would pout. Looking at her sleeves sinking into the black mud, she could not help but feel disgusted.
Of course, this expression was seen by Luo Zheng, but he was too lazy to educate this arrogant young lady.
The difference in personality between people was too big. Xun's status was thousands of times higher than the young lady of the Xi family. In the upper realm, Xun was also the king of the peak. It could be said that she was born noble and could stand at the highest level of life to look down on all living things.
However, after Xun understood her situation, she quickly determined her position. She was very decisive, almost without any hesitation, and placed all her hopes on Luo Zheng! And this Xi Youqin still did not understand the situation …
When the two of them passed through a patch of low grass, there was a large stretch of swamp in front of them. This swamp was not deep, and the water in the swamp was only waist high. However, the two of them did not dare to use their true essence to fly, so they could only wade through the swamp.
"There's no poison here, right?" Xi Youqin glanced at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng stepped into the swamp and nodded, "There's no poison."
Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of joy. At least now she could take a good bath!
The two of them slowly waded through the swamp. As Xi Youqin walked, she used the clear water to wash the dirt on her body. After bleaching her plain white clothes, the clothes stuck to her body, outlining her slim waist and proud twin peaks.