Underneath the ripples were numerous crocodiles with grey scales all over their bodies.
The full name of this crocodile was the Fine-Scaled Orange Toothed Crocodile. Its skin could be used to make a Spiritual Weapon armor, but not many warriors were willing to hunt this Orange Toothed Crocodile.
The reason was that this Orange Toothed Crocodile was extremely ferocious, and it had an incredible defensive ability. Even ordinary Divine Core warriors would find it hard to hunt it down. Even if they spent a lot of effort and killed this Orange Toothed Crocodile, they would only get a piece of crocodile skin in return. It was a huge difference between the investment and the reward. Therefore, no warriors would want to hunt this Orange Toothed Crocodile.
Within this swamp, there were over a hundred Orange Toothed Crocodiles quietly approaching Luo Zheng.
Not only did Luo Zheng restrain his True Yuan, he didn't even dare expose his Divine Sense. Therefore, he didn't notice these Orange Toothed Crocodiles.
Both he and Xi Youqin were moving forward through the water, and the faint ripples were getting closer and closer.
"Splash!"
When an Orange Toothed Crocodile got close to Xi Youqin, it suddenly opened its huge mouth and bit toward Xi Youqin.
This Orange Toothed Crocodile was an expert at camouflage. If one didn't look closely, they would think it was just a piece of rotten wood floating in the water. However, once it started moving, its speed wasn't slow at all.
Hearing the sound of water behind her, Xi Youqin abruptly turned her head, only to see a bloody mouth in front of her. She was stunned for a moment. This Orange-toothed Crocodile had two rows of orange-red teeth on its upper and lower jaws. Even if it bit pig iron, it would leave a bite mark!
In fact, ordinary Divine Core warriors weren't afraid of this Orange Toothed Crocodile. Although Xi Youqin was a Divine Core warrior, she had almost zero experience, and she didn't know how to deal with this situation.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly moved. He lightly tapped his feet on the surface of the water, then he jumped forward and stomped on the Orange Toothed Crocodile's lower jaw. The upper jaw of the Orange Toothed Crocodile was like a door filled with nails as it slammed down toward Luo Zheng. It was determined to crush this man in its mouth.
However, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate and simply punched toward the upper jaw.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's punch directly tore apart the crocodile's mouth. Bright red blood immediately soaked the clear water surface. The Orange-toothed Crocodile was in so much pain that it couldn't help but roll on the water surface, splashing out waves.
"Ah!"
Xi Youqin screamed again. Six Orange-toothed Crocodiles appeared around Xi Youqin at the same time. In the eyes of the Orange-toothed Crocodiles, Xi Youqin was clearly a good meal!
Luo Zheng frowned.
These Orange-toothed Crocodiles posed no threat to Luo Zheng. Even if Luo Zheng just stood there and let these Orange-toothed Crocodiles bite him, they wouldn't be able to swallow Luo Zheng. However, it wasn't easy to kill so many Orange-toothed Crocodiles either. If Luo Zheng used his True Yuan, he could easily kill these Orange-toothed Crocodiles. But, the problem was, he was afraid that the ripples produced by his True Yuan would be sensed by Cui Xie.
But, if he killed these Orange-toothed Crocodiles with his bare hands, it would also cause a huge commotion. The Dreamcloud Swamp was as quiet as a tomb, and even the slightest movement could be heard from far away!
"This is troublesome!"
Luo Zheng floated past, and the True Yuan in his body began to slowly circulate. Then, Luo Zheng grabbed the frightened Xi Youqin and sped forward, sticking close to the surface of the water.
Those Orange-toothed Crocodiles couldn't fly, so naturally, they couldn't catch up. When they reached the edge of the swamp, Luo Zheng dispersed his True Yuan. Luo Zheng grabbed Xi Youqin and said, "Quickly, leave this place!"
At the same time, Wu Zhanhe, who was quietly floating in the air, revealed a trace of a smile. "Very good, I found you! In the southeast region, Luo Zheng should be near the crocodile pool. Be careful of the Orange-toothed Crocodiles in the water! "
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
In mid-air, several Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists heard Wu Zhanhe's words and immediately turned into several streaks of light, flying towards the southeast. They didn't have the misgivings of Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin. How fast was their speed when they ran like this?
Wu Zhanhe wasn't slow either. Not only did he want to kill Luo Zheng, but he also wanted to kill the young lady of the Xi Clan! Therefore, he had to be one step ahead of Cui Xie.
In less than half an hour, those Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists had already arrived at the swamp that Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin had just passed by. They saw an Orange-toothed Crocodile with its mouth wide open and its white belly floating on the water.
"Chase, Luo Zheng should have just passed by here!"
"Killing Luo Zheng is a great merit. The Monarch will definitely reward you handsomely!"
Why were these independent martial artists so dead set on following Cui Xie? It was because Cui Xie's rewards were extremely generous. Moreover, after uniting the independent martial artists, these independent martial artists felt a sense of belonging. At least, if anything happened, the Monarch of the Gods would step in and help them solve it.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Those several escape lights scattered in several directions, searching for Luo Zheng inch by inch.
At this time, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin continued to advance into the depths of the Yunmeng Swamp. Suddenly, Luo Zheng felt a Zhen Yuan fluctuation behind him. Then, a shallow escape light passed through the fog.
"Get down!"
Luo Zheng grabbed Xi Youqin and hid in the grass.
That escape light was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it passed over Luo Zheng's head.
"A False Tribulation Realm martial artist." Luo Zheng blinked. It seemed that Cui Xie had ordered his subordinates to hunt him down. In other words, Cui Xie was definitely not the only martial artist in the Yunmeng Swamp. In order to hunt him down, this Cui Xie didn't even attack the Void Spirit Sect. He really thought too highly of himself!
The two of them hid in the grass. Naturally, the False Tribulation Realm martial artist didn't discover them. Luo Zheng originally planned to leave with Xi Youqin after the martial artist left. However, at this time, a small spider quietly crawled along the grass towards Xi Youqin.
On the spider's back was a small ghost face. Luo Zheng had encountered this kind of ghost face spider on the road of the Trial Challengers. It wasn't considered a fierce creature.
However, this ghost face spider jumped up and jumped onto Xi Youqin's arm.
Xi Youqin felt something on her arm. When she raised her hand to look, she was immediately shocked. Although she knew that she couldn't make any noise at this time, she still couldn't help but let out a sharp cry.
"Ah!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed. He grabbed Xi Youqin's mouth. As for the ghost face spider, Luo Zheng casually flicked it, shattering it into pieces.
The two of them were still hiding in the shadows, motionless.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the False Tribulation Realm martial artist in front of him. However, once he attacked, he would definitely expose his position and attract Cui Xie's attention.
The False Tribulation Realm martial artist above him had already left. How fast was a False Tribulation Realm martial artist? He flew over Luo Zheng's head. By the time Xi Youqin screamed, he had already flown over a mile.
But at this moment, he suddenly heard a woman's scream.
The False Tribulation Realm martial artist had a strange expression on his face. He floated in the air and thought for a moment. Then, he changed direction and flew towards Luo Zheng.
The sound just now was very sharp, sounding like a woman's scream. In this quiet swamp, it could travel a long distance, but the sound was very sharp, and it was maintained for a very short period of time, causing the Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artist to be suspicious.
He wasn't sure if it was a woman's scream or the cry of a bird.
Since he had doubts, he decided to go back and carefully search this area.
The False Tribulation Realm martial artist slowly floated in the air. He used his perception to sweep the ground inch by inch. After sweeping the swamp, he slowly began to sweep the grass. At this time, he was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng pressed Xi Youqin against his body, revealing only his eyes. He stared at the approaching martial artist who was slowly floating in the air. His calm eyes were filled with pressure. With this method, it was almost certain that he would be able to find Xi Youqin and Luo Zheng.
"I hope you're lucky enough to miss this place." Luo Zheng thought to himself.
As long as this False Tribulation Realm martial artist found him, Luo Zheng would definitely kill him!
But, the False Tribulation Realm martial artist had no idea that he was walking towards the edge of death. In this False Tribulation Realm martial artist's eyes, Luo Zheng was just a new False Tribulation Realm martial artist, and he had an Early Divine Core warrior with him. An opponent like this wasn't difficult to deal with. As long as he could capture Luo Zheng, it would definitely be a great contribution!
Similar to a sect, the martial artists in the Divine Kingdom would compete with each other. If he could stand out from the other False Tribulation Realm martial artists, then in the future, when Cui Xie's Divine Kingdom was completed, as long as he could get a share of the soup, it would definitely bring him endless benefits.
Fifty meters …
Thirty meters …
Twenty meters …
Ten meters …