The Void Tribulation Realm cultivator was only about ten feet away from Luo Zheng. The moment the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator's perception swept over and discovered Luo Zheng, the Astral Essence within Luo Zheng's body suddenly erupted!
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng shot towards the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator like an arrow released from a bow. Before the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator could react, Luo Zheng had already arrived in front of him.
"You!" The Void Tribulation Realm cultivator didn't know how to react at all. He only blurted out one word. In a moment of desperation, he wanted to ask if Luo Zheng was Luo Zheng …
However, he forgot that since he had discovered Luo Zheng here, Luo Zheng would definitely fight to the death. Why would he waste time talking nonsense with him?
Peng!
Luo Zheng's fist landed directly on the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator's chest. After receiving Luo Zheng's thunderous punch, the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator's chest deflated like a deflated balloon. He didn't even have the chance to howl in grief as he fell limply into the grass!
From the moment Luo Zheng gathered his strength, to the moment he attacked, and then to the moment he killed the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator, everything was done in one go without any hesitation.
Xi Youqin was also a cultivator, and her cultivation wasn't low either. However, this scene shocked her to the core!
Ever since she was young, Xi Youqin had watched many battles between cultivators. Within the Xi Family, the various large families of Void Sky City, and the Void Spirit Sect, there were battles almost every year. As the Young Miss of the Xi Family, Xi Youqin always had the highest seat reserved for her. Xi Youqin boasted of her sharp and unique vision. Whenever she watched the cultivators fight in the arena, she would often comment on them. Every time, her estimation would be seventy to eighty percent accurate.
But now, Xi Youqin discovered that the battles in the arena were simply child's play compared to the current battle.
She didn't expect that Luo Zheng, who had just entered the Void Tribulation Realm, would be able to kill a middle stage Void Tribulation Realm cultivator so easily. The Void Tribulation Realm cultivator didn't even have the time to react …
How could Luo Zheng care about Xi Youqin's inner thoughts? He flew down, grabbed Xi Youqin, and coldly said, "Let's go!"
Then, Luo Zheng took Xi Youqin and ran away. At this time, Luo Zheng no longer concealed his True Essence. True True Qi and Astral Essence erupted simultaneously, transforming into a beam of light, and headed straight for the Cloud Dreamy Swamp...
.. Although Cui Xie had been deliberately ordered by Wu Zhanhe to search for another area, he was also rushing in this direction. His speed was also the fastest!
Bits of Sword Spirit's light flickered around Luo Zheng. Since their location had already been exposed, there was no need for Xun to hide. After Xun appeared, she coldly stared at Xi Youqin, and then said to Luo Zheng, "I've already said that this woman is a nuisance. Killing her is the best choice!"
If it weren't for Xi Youqin's scream, they naturally wouldn't have been discovered by the Void Tribulation Realm cultivator. Perhaps Cui Xie and the others would have searched for Luo Zheng for a while, but they couldn't find him and would eventually choose to give up. Now, they had returned to the beginning and were being chased by Cui Xie. The problem was that there wasn't just one Cui Xie, there were other Void Tribulation Realm cultivators!
Everyone was shuttling through the dense milky white fog. They couldn't see each other's figures, but they could feel each other's aura and Zhen Yuan fluctuations.
Luo Zheng didn't speak, and just focused on circulating his Zhen Yuan. The swamp on the ground rapidly receded in Luo Zheng's field of vision, and the surrounding scenery gradually changed.
When Luo Zheng had just entered the Cloud Dream Swamp, the surroundings were still emerald green, but as he continued to enter the depths of the Cloud Dream Swamp, the swamp and plants gradually turned dark brown, and the surrounding aura became more and more lifeless.
While fleeing, Luo Zheng felt that the Zhen Yuan fluctuations behind him were becoming more and more intense. In addition to the weaker Zhen Yuan fluctuations, Luo Zheng also felt two relatively powerful Zhen Yuan fluctuations!
"One should be Cui Xie, but who is the other? His speed is actually not much slower than Cui Xie's! Is he also a Life and Death expert? "Luo Zheng's brows wrinkled. For him, this was definitely not good news.
Luo Zheng was carrying a person, and his Astral Essence couldn't be used for a long time, so the distance between him and the two behind him was getting closer and closer. From the initial forty to fifty li to thirty li, they were now only ten li away from each other!
"Hehe, Luo Zheng, I already said that you can't escape. In the end, you're still wasting your strength!" A steady voice suddenly resounded behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face sank. He naturally wouldn't respond to Cui Xie, and continued to move forward. However, if this continued, Luo Zheng couldn't see the slightest chance of turning the situation around, and didn't know what to do next.
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that at this moment, a strange voice suddenly sounded in his ears, "Kid, run to the right!"
Hearing this voice, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he immediately sent a Zhen Yuan sound transmission, "Who are you?"
"Who am I? Hehe … "That person didn't answer.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. This Zhen Yuan sound transmission had come from behind, so it should have come from one of the two martial artists behind him. Separated by the fog, Luo Zheng couldn't tell which one was Cui Xie, but the owner of this voice was definitely one of the Life and Death experts!
Who was it? Why did they give him such a suggestion?
This voice, it was somewhat familiar …
Luo Zheng's memory wasn't bad. He seemed to have heard this voice two years ago, but in his anxiety, Luo Zheng couldn't remember who it was.
"Why do you want to help me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Help you? Hehe, I just don't want that woman on your body to fall into Cui Xie's hands, "the voice laughed mischievously.
"It seems that no one wants Cui Xie to become stronger," Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a sneer. He was also very hesitant in his heart, because Luo Zheng couldn't completely believe this person's words. If this person was playing tricks and led Luo Zheng into a trap, wouldn't Luo Zheng be walking right into a trap?
Then, the voice once again sounded in Luo Zheng's ears, "You're right, I don't want Cui Xie to become too strong. Presumably, you don't want that either. The simplest way is to kill the woman in your hands. What do you think?"
"If I kill her, I will indeed satisfy you, but I will be in danger, right? Poison King Wu Zhanhe! " Luo Zheng finally remembered the owner of this voice. At that time, Luo Zheng had seen this person in the Wheel of Fortune. It was the warrior known as the Poison King.
At that time, Luo Zheng had been cursed in the Wheel of Fortune, but in the end, Wu Zhanhe gave a chance to dispel the curse to his opponent, a warrior from Divine Kingdom, and dispelled the curse for the Saintess of Divine Kingdom.
After Luo Zheng knew that this person was Wu Zhanhe, he actually believed his words!
From Wu Zhanhe's point of view, there was no need to remind him, because Luo Zheng was almost certain to die under the joint pursuit of Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie. There was no need to remind him at all. It seemed that Wu Zhanhe had indeed joined forces with Cui Xie, but the two of them didn't seem to be on good terms!
This wasn't difficult to understand. How could experts at their level be willing to share benefits with others? As the saying goes, how could one allow others to snore beside one's bed? For the vast majority of warriors, what they hoped for was to be supreme.
It was impossible for someone like Wu Zhanhe to submit to Cui Xie, and it was even more impossible for Cui Xie to tolerate Wu Zhanhe. Although the two of them had joined forces, there was an irreconcilable conflict between them.
If Xi Youqin fell into Cui Xie's hands, and Cui Xie broke through, how could Wu Zhanhe's days be any better?
"Right!" Luo Zheng's figure turned, and he quickly turned to the right. Then, he sent a voice transmission, "What about now?"
"Ten miles ahead, there is an underground palace. Once you enter the underground palace, I can't guarantee that you will be able to get rid of Cui Xie, but I can delay him for a while!" Wu Zhanhe sent a voice transmission. Then, he coldly said in his heart, "But that underground palace will also take your lives!"
Below the Cloud Dream Swamp, there was a large underground palace. In the entire Central Domain, only he knew of this secret!
However, even though this underground palace was a dangerous place, there didn't seem to be any opportunities in it. Instead, it was extremely dangerous. Wu Zhanhe had explored it twice, but he didn't find any treasures. Instead, he almost died in it. Hence, Wu Zhanhe gave up on exploring this underground palace.
Now, sending Luo Zheng into this underground palace and letting him die inside was the best choice.
＝＝＝＝＝