Between cultivators, they all had their own schemes.
Luo Zheng wanted to escape with Xi Youqin, while Cui Xie wanted to kill Luo Zheng and capture Xi Youqin. As for Wu Zhanhe, his goal was to kill Xi Youqin. As for Luo Zheng … even if he died, he would not gain anything. Everything that belonged to Luo Zheng would be obtained by Cui Xie. Therefore, whether Luo Zheng died or not did not matter much.
With Luo Zheng's current speed, ten li could be traversed in an instant.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw a large karst cave below. This karst cave was surrounded by moss and plants. Due to the lush growth of the surrounding plants, there was almost no light that could shine through. There was only a dark cave entrance.
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng brought Xi Youqin into the cave.
"Eh?" Cui Xie suddenly could not sense Luo Zheng's True Essence, and a look of doubt appeared on his face. Wu Zhanhe sneered in his heart, but his face was also filled with surprise. Soon, the two arrived above the cave.
"This brat actually broke into the underground palace!" Wu Zhanhe pretended to be surprised.
Cui Xie's eyes flashed. He stared at Wu Zhanhe and asked, "How did this brat know that there was an underground palace here?"
Wu Zhanhe shook his head, "This underground palace is very dangerous. I don't know how he knew. Perhaps he knew that he could not escape and discovered that there was an underground palace here, so he entered."
Hearing Wu Zhanhe's words, the suspicion on Cui Xie's face deepened. Just now, Luo Zheng had been rushing in one direction, but now he suddenly changed directions and entered the underground palace. This indeed made Cui Xie feel very strange.
Cui Xie was originally a very suspicious person. He also suspected that Wu Zhanhe had secretly warned Luo Zheng. However, he did not have any evidence to prove it. Furthermore, this was not the time for him to argue with Wu Zhanhe, so he nodded and said, "Even if he entered the underground palace, he would not be able to escape!"
At this moment, the Void Tribulation Realm martial artists also rushed over.
Cui Xie glanced at them and asked, "Why are you two missing?"
There were indeed two people missing among the False Tribulation Realm cultivators. One of them said, "One was killed by Luo Zheng. The other accidentally entered the nest of a water flood dragon and was devoured by it."
There were also some extremely powerful ferocious beasts residing in the Cloud Dream Swamp. As everyone went deeper into the Cloud Dream Swamp, the ferocious beasts they encountered would naturally become more powerful.
"Water Serpent?" Cui Xie's interest was piqued. "I'll deal with it later! Now, let me enter the underground palace and take Luo Zheng's life first! "
After that, Cui Xie took the lead and entered the entrance of the underground palace. Wu Zhanhe and the other False Tribulation Realm cultivators also entered.
There was almost no light in the underground palace. Luo Zheng had to rely on his perception to move forward!
This underground palace might have been built by some ancient sect. The paths inside were winding and spiraling, making it a huge maze.
Wu Zhanhe definitely wouldn't be so kind as to point out the path for him. However, Luo Zheng really didn't have a choice. Just now, Luo Zheng really couldn't shake off Cui Xie while running away!
There were countless paths in this complex underground palace. Almost every path had three or four forks. Luo Zheng wasn't sure if there were any dangers. At this moment, he could only rush forward step by step. The more forks there were, the lower the possibility of Cui Xie finding him.
Luo Zheng's face was gloomy. He was extremely unhappy. It wasn't easy for him to come back from the Sea God Continent. His luck was so bad that he was chased all the way here by Cui Xie. It would be strange if he was in a good mood.
However, at this moment, Xi Youqin started acting up again. "It's so dark here. I don't like it."
Unexpectedly, Xun didn't mock Xi Youqin at this moment. In the darkness, Xun stared at Xi Youqin quietly, sneering in her heart.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He just kept moving through the underground palace. It could be said that he didn't know where to go.
"Can you think of a way to get out? I don't want to stay here! "Xi Youqin said again.
Xun sneered in her heart. She could already feel that Luo Zheng was extremely irritated. As a woman, Xun was indeed very smart. She understood that Luo Zheng was already extremely irritated. This idiotic young lady of the Xi family was still causing trouble for Luo Zheng like a fly. If this continued, Luo Zheng would explode sooner or later!
It would be best if Luo Zheng killed this woman in anger. Xun thought bitterly in her heart.
"Take me out! Luo Zheng! " Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Xi Youqin's stubborn temper flared up once again. She had completely forgotten that it was all because of this woman that Luo Zheng was chased all the way to the underground palace!
Bam!
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly threw Xi Youqin away.
He threw her with a great force, causing Xi Youqin's soft body to slam onto the ground.
But, Xi Youqin was an Early Divine Core warrior, so she wasn't injured by such a great force.
However, after being thrown to the ground by Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin was dumbfounded. After that, she suddenly screamed out, "What are you doing?!"
Slap!
Right after Xi Youqin's words left her mouth, Luo Zheng immediately slapped her across the face!
How powerful was his strength?! If Luo Zheng had used all his strength, this slap would have been enough to smash her head into pieces. But, Luo Zheng controlled his strength, and the slap only left a clear palm print on her face.
"If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have come here!" Luo Zheng said furiously. Not many people were able to anger him. Aside from those who had a grudge that couldn't be resolved like Cui Xie, Luo Zheng rarely got angry.
Actually, the situation today was nothing to Luo Zheng. The life and death crisis Luo Zheng had experienced in the past was ten times more troublesome than this! He knew there was a gap between him and Cui Xie, but in a fight between warriors, there was never a 100% chance of winning. If he fought with all his strength, Luo Zheng might have a chance!
But, Luo Zheng's anger had been successfully ignited by this stupid woman. He had to admit, Xi Youqin's ability to anger others was an unexpected "talent".
Xi Youqin covered her face and glared at Luo Zheng. "You, you dare to hit me!"
When they were at the Xi Family, Luo Zheng only used his killing intent to suppress Xi Youqin. In fact, he didn't make a move.
Without waiting for Xi Youqin to speak, Luo Zheng directly said, "Since you were a child, no one has ever hit you, right?"
"Yes! Since I was a child, no one has ever dared to hit me! "Xi Youqin's face showed a trace of hysteria.
"Pa!"
Just as Xi Youqin finished speaking, Luo Zheng slapped her again.
This slap made Xi Youqin's hair messy. Under the dim light, a pair of brown eyes stared at Luo Zheng. She gritted her teeth and said, "Luo Zheng! I, I … I'll fight you! "
Xi Youqin just got up and was about to fight with Luo Zheng.
"Let's see how you spell it!"
Luo Zheng suddenly rushed forward and grabbed Xi Youqin's neck with one hand. With a bang, he pushed her against the wall. His other hand gently patted her lower abdomen and injected a stream of Zhenqi into her body!
Her cultivation was far lower than Luo Zheng's. After Luo Zheng's Zhenqi was injected into Xi Youqin's lower abdomen, it immediately messed up Xi Youqin's Zhenqi and made it unable to circulate.
Then, with a flip of his hand, Luo Zheng grabbed Xi Youqin's collar. With a gentle pinch, he tore her white clothes to the side, ripping them to shreds.
"What do you want to do!" Xi Youqin's eyes widened and her face was full of disbelief!
"Zi — —"
"What? I'm going to take your Primordial Yin! " Luo Zheng sneered. He stretched out his hand and tore again. Suddenly, there was the sound of cloth tearing. Her clothes were instantly torn clean by Luo Zheng.
Xi Youqin wasn't married yet, and she had never seen anything like this before. Her naked body was exposed in front of a man. Her blood instantly rushed to her head, and her fair face was now completely red. Half of it was due to anger, and the other half was due to embarrassment!
"Luo Zheng, you're a beast!" Xi Youqin screamed out.
Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to Xi Youqin's words. Xi Youqin's struggle was futile for Luo Zheng. She was weak to begin with, and she was only a Divine Core warrior. To put it bluntly, when Luo Zheng was still a Xiantian realm warrior, he even had the chance to defeat her!
Besides, her Zhenqi was sealed by Luo Zheng, and she didn't even have the strength to fight back.
After that, Luo Zheng put his arm around Xi Youqin's shoulder and pushed her to the ground. The underground palace was cold and damp, so it was impossible for it to be clean. But, Luo Zheng didn't care about that at this moment.
Xun hugged his spear and hovered nearby like a ghost. He had a cold smile on his face.