Xi Youqin didn't expect that things would come to this!
She was proficient in zither, chess, calligraphy, and painting since she was young, and her talent in martial arts was envied by the disciples of other sects. Every time she followed Xi Xiaojie to the Void Spirit Sect to cultivate, those men's eyes were always on her.
Whether it was in the Void Sky City or the Void Spirit Sect, she was like a goddess high above. It was not easy for ordinary people to see her smile. Even so, there were still countless young elites who wanted to curry favor with her, doing everything they could to make her happy!
There was once a Heaven-grade genius in the Void Spirit Sect. In order to celebrate Xi Youqin's birthday, he collected sixteen Radiance Grass seeds from thousands of miles away and strung them together into a bracelet for her.
The seeds of the Radiance Grass were extremely difficult to pick and could only be found in the snowy mountains in the far west. The seeds of the Radiance Grass emitted a faint glow day and night and were extremely beautiful. It was indeed an ingenious gift, but very few people in the central region would make it into a bracelet as a gift.
This was because the Radiance Grass seeds were originally very valuable. The value of a single seed was almost equivalent to the value of an immortal tool. A bracelet strung with sixteen seeds could be considered an extremely precious item.
However, when Xi Youqin saw the bracelet, she casually threw it on the ground.
At that time, everyone in the Xi family doted on her. When the elders in the family saw Xi Youqin's willful behavior, they could only helplessly smile. As for that Heaven-grade genius, although he was very angry, Xi Youqin was the descendant of Daoist Qing Xu after all, so he couldn't flare up.
In the past, she was so arrogant. Who would have thought that in the blink of an eye, she would be trapped in this dark underground palace and her clothes would be torn apart by the man in front of her and she would be naked in front of him!
To Xi Youqin, how humiliating was this?
She tried to resist. Her smooth jade-like legs kicked hard, and she directly grabbed Luo Zheng. Finally, she directly used her mouth to bite him!
However, with her little strength, how could she hurt Luo Zheng? Not to mention that her True Essence was sealed, even if she could circulate her True Essence, she still wouldn't be able to break through Luo Zheng's High Grade Immortal Artefact Body.
When her nails ruthlessly scratched Luo Zheng's skin, she only felt that his skin was extremely tough. Her nails were about to break, but they couldn't even leave a mark on his skin. When her teeth fiercely bit down on Luo Zheng's shoulder, she felt as if she was biting a piece of iron. Her pearly white teeth almost broke!
"Let, let me go!" When Luo Zheng put his hand on her chest, her whole body trembled and she groaned. An extremely strange feeling suddenly spread throughout her body. She was a virgin, how could she have experienced such a feeling? It was as if all the power had been drained away at this moment.
"I … If I'm lucky enough to escape this time … I'll definitely kill you!" Xi Youqin said through gritted teeth.
"Since I've seen you, I've said this three times," Luo Zheng replied coldly.
What Xun said was right. This was indeed the safest way. Even if Luo Zheng was lucky enough to leave the underground palace, it would be difficult for him to take this woman with him. As long as he took away her Primordial Yin, her Extreme Purple Yin Body would be useless to Cui Xie! At that time, even if Luo Zheng gave this woman to Cui Xie, Cui Xie would probably not be interested!
With Cui Xie's strength as the strongest person in the Central Domain, Cui Xie didn't lack women. Especially for warriors who were determined to reach the peak, they wouldn't be overly greedy for lust. Only those evil cultivators who used women as Cultivation Furnaces would indulge in lust.
Luo Zheng was also relying on his anger to rush forward. He was also a virgin and had no experience!
Xi Youqin soon discovered this fact. She twisted her snake-like waist, but refused to cooperate. As a result, it was even more difficult for Luo Zheng to enter the underground palace.
Seeing this scene, Xun was completely speechless. Although she didn't shy away, she was still a woman after all. She couldn't help Luo Zheng. She could only tilt her head and float to one side with the long spear in her hand, guarding Luo Zheng.
"There are no less than a few hundred forks in this underground palace. Cui Xie and the others won't be able to find this place in a short period of time. However, Luo Zheng, it's better to end this quickly." Xun curled her lips. Her astonishingly long legs were crossed. The scene that was playing out in front of Xun's eyes was a shock to her soul. However, as a Sword Spirit, she did not have any physical reaction.
"Ah!"
Accompanied by Xi Youqin's scream, Luo Zheng finally moved.
At this moment, purple rays of light constantly gushed out. Those rays of light were like silk spat out by silkworms. They constantly spread, condensed, and entangled. Finally, they formed a purple cocoon of light, tightly wrapping the two of them.
These purple rays of light were a kind of Primordial Yin unique to the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Cui Xie wanted to gather the three of them and use the Great Demonic Acacia Formation to completely activate this Primordial Yin.
However, even if he didn't use the Great Demonic Acacia Formation, after absorbing the Primordial Yin, whether it was Luo Zheng or Xi Youqin, it would be greatly beneficial!
After the initial painful scream, Xi Youqin didn't make a sound. Her eyes were like a dead fish as she stared at the man in front of her. Looking at Luo Zheng's firm chest, Xi Youqin's heart was filled with despair and bitterness!
Her proud heart had been forcibly shattered by Luo Zheng and then trampled on by this guy. How big was the contrast in Xi Youqin's heart?
Amidst this despair, Xi Youqin felt a strange sensation. Her nostrils flared slightly and her breathing became heavy. Her powerless hands, which were originally hanging on the ground, seemed to want to grab onto a point to attach themselves to!
Although Xi Youqin was constantly suppressing herself, the sound of her breathing still became louder and louder. Her body couldn't help but twist and turn. Finally, her jade-like hands, which were naturally suited for playing the zither, finally climbed onto Luo Zheng's arm!
After feeling Xi Youqin's pandering, Luo Zheng's strength also became stronger and stronger. That strength returned to Xi Youqin's body. Finally, Xi Youqin couldn't help but cry out.
During this process, the purple cocoon of light, mixed with the sweat on their bodies, slowly seeped into Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin's bodies. The Extreme Purple Yin Body was the best body for dual cultivation. After the Primordial Yin was absorbed in this way, it would greatly affect the two's bodies!
When Xun heard Xi Youqin's gradually increasing volume and saw the undulating cocoon of light surrounding the two of them, she couldn't help but curl her lips. Her pair of slender and tough legs were twisted together at an unbelievable angle. Her thin and sexy lips couldn't help but curl …
After a long time, accompanied by Luo Zheng's deep roar, Xi Youqin's originally soft moan suddenly increased by an octave. Then, the cocoon of light completely dissipated, revealing the two's entwined bodies.
Xi Youqin lay on the ice-cold ground. Her entire body was covered in fine beads of sweat. Her eyes stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Her originally dim and unfocused eyes were now filled with a trace of doubt.
In Xi Youqin's heart, there was still an endless desire to kill Luo Zheng. However, Xi Youqin discovered that this man wasn't as hateful as she had imagined!
This was also the reason why Xi Youqin was so confused.
After Luo Zheng got up, he tidied himself up and took out a set of loose clothes from his spatial ring. He turned his face to the side and threw the set of clothes to Xi Youqin.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xi Youqin was immediately angered by Luo Zheng's actions. You even took my primordial yin. Now you're embarrassed to even look at me?
Xi Youqin had guessed correctly!
Luo Zheng was indeed a little embarrassed. Just now, he pushed Xi Youqin down in anger. The key point was that he was now forced into this desperate situation by Cui Xie. He was afraid that Xi Youqin would fall into the hands of Cui Xie. For the sake of the bigger picture and for his sister, Luo Zheng had no choice but to play it safe.
Although there were so many reasons, Luo Zheng was still a virgin. After this incident, Luo Zheng would naturally feel a little uncomfortable!
However, from Xi Youqin's point of view, it was different. Luo Zheng's actions could be described with a common saying. It was as if he didn't recognize anyone after putting on his pants …
"Put on your clothes. Let's find a way to leave this underground palace," Luo Zheng said with his back facing Xi Youqin.
For some reason, Xi Youqin blurted out, "Not wearing it!"
After saying that, Xi Youqin's face suddenly turned red. Even she herself couldn't imagine that she would one day be so shameless in front of a man naked.