In this kind of environment, the effect of acting shamelessly was very poor!
Luo Zheng didn't even turn his head and walked forward. Xun, who was holding her spear, looked back at Xi Youqin.
Being stared at by Xun, Xi Youqin felt as if she had been bitten by a poisonous snake. She quickly curled up her body and grabbed the clothes to cover her body. In the Xi family, even her personal maidservants had never seen her naked body!
Xun smiled coldly and turned to follow Luo Zheng.
In this dark underground palace, waves of cold wind blew. Xi Youqin suddenly became very nervous. She hurriedly put on the clothes that Luo Zheng handed to her. These clothes were Luo Zheng's spare clothes. How could they fit?
Her waist and legs were empty, and her chest was tightly wrapped by the clothes. It was very uncomfortable.
When she put on these clothes, she remembered that she also had spare clothes in her sumeru ring. But in the panic, she had forgotten. Seeing Luo Zheng walk away, she didn't have time to change. She could only clench her teeth and follow closely behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't turn his head and walked forward along the road in the underground palace. Xun, who was beside him, looked at Luo Zheng faintly. There was always a faint smile on her face.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked unnaturally.
"How do you feel?" Xun asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and then said, "I feel that my dantian is running more smoothly. My true essence is also faintly purer."
Xun's face showed a strange smile. Of course, she didn't ask this question. Luo Zheng had taken Xi Youqin's primordial yin. Luo Zheng's cultivation should have improved, but Xun knew that Luo Zheng was shy. Naturally, she didn't ask.
This was the biggest difference between Xun and Xi Youqin. In contrast, Xun had been in a high position for a long time and was born noble, but she didn't have the slightest arrogance. Instead, she was very tactful and never embarrassed people.
She followed Luo Zheng's words and said, "Yin and Yang are in harmony. If one is missing, nothing will be born. In fact, there are some secret dual cultivation methods in the upper realm that are very powerful!"
"Secret dual cultivation method, isn't it evil?" Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment before asking.
Xun smiled faintly. "That's just the standard of your Central Territory. There has never been such a thing as evil in this universe. What's more, the Dual Cultivation of Man and Woman harmonizes the Yin and Yang Qi, which is the source of the universe. How can there be such a thing as evil and good?
Luo Zheng was silent...... Xi.......
. Xi Youqin was very obedient. She followed Luo Zheng closely and didn't say anything else …
Xi Youqin was not stupid. It was just that her past experience had affected her greatly, causing her to have an unusually annoying personality.
Xi Youqin understood very well that Luo Zheng didn't need to take her away!
It didn't matter even if she was abandoned in this underground palace. After all, her primordial yin had been taken by Luo Zheng. Even if it fell into the hands of Cui Xie, it wouldn't cause any trouble.
After understanding this, their positions began to reverse. Now, Xi Youqin was begging Luo Zheng to take her away. Otherwise, with her strength, she wouldn't be able to leave the underground palace. Even if she left the underground palace, she wouldn't be able to walk out of the Yunmeng Swamp.
In this situation, Xi Youqin was very obedient.
In the underground palace, Luo Zheng's heaven-defying luck finally showed its effect!
This underground palace was originally an extremely dangerous place. When Poison King Wu Zhanhe lived in seclusion here, he almost lost his life when exploring the underground palace. In other words, if a Life and Death Realm expert wasn't careful, they could also die here.
However, Luo Zheng just kept his head down and sprinted forward. He did not encounter any danger and proceeded abnormally smoothly!
On the contrary, when Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe stepped into the underground palace, they encountered one trouble after another. For this reason, three False Tribulation Realm experts had died. Even Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe were slightly injured. Along the way, they bumped and bumped, but they didn't find Luo Zheng's figure. Cui Xie's temper also became more and more irritable. In his fury, Cui Xie smashed the underground palace layer by layer. However, he didn't expect to alarm a powerful Vicious Beast in the underground palace!
A few years ago, Wu Zhanhe had fought with that Vicious Beast and almost died at its hands. Cui Xie attacked in anger, but he still couldn't beat that Vicious Beast. A group of False Tribulation Realm experts and two Life and Death Realm experts were chased by that Vicious Beast for a long time. In the end, they had no choice but to withdraw from the underground palace …
At this time, Luo Zheng had already found another exit in the underground palace. Seeing the light in front of him, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he immediately rushed out.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips and also rushed out of the underground palace with Luo Zheng.
After coming out of the Underground Palace, Luo Zheng naturally would not linger around any longer. To think that he would be reminded by Wu Zhanhe in such a desperate situation, allowing him to escape from Cui Xie's pursuit through the Underground Palace. This was a double manifestation of strength and luck.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to fly away, Xi Youqin, who was following Luo Zheng, finally spoke. At this moment, she said timidly, "Luo Zheng, you, you want to leave me here?" Her eyes, which were originally filled with stubbornness and pride, were now filled with limpid autumn water. Her expression faintly contained a pitiful look.
"What? Do you still want to follow? " Xun sneered. "Didn't you keep asking Luo Zheng to let go of you? Didn't you say you weren't afraid of death?"
In the depths of the Clouddream Swamp, even ordinary Divine Core warriors would have a hard time surviving, let alone Xi Youqin who only had a strong cultivation base. How could she possibly walk out of the Clouddream Swamp? And Luo Zheng's speed was incredibly fast. With her flying speed, there was no way she could keep up with Luo Zheng.
Hearing Xun's question, Xi Youqin clenched her teeth and said, "Luo Zheng, if you leave me here, I'll definitely die!"
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then he turned around and grabbed Xi Youqin. After that, he said, "Fine, I'll bring you out of the Clouddream Swamp!"
He wasn't a cold-hearted man. If not for Xi Youqin forcing Luo Zheng into a corner, he wouldn't treat her like this.
Luo Zheng dragged Xi Youqin and flew at high speed. In just two hours, they had left the Clouddream Swamp. During the journey, Luo Zheng had encountered some ferocious beasts in the Clouddream Swamp. For example, a ferocious bird that was hiding in the clouds, and a 300 meter long Swamp Python. But, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all, he just used his speed to avoid them. Although he could obtain some precious materials by killing these ferocious beasts, Luo Zheng was still running for his life, so he didn't have the time to care about these things.
Luo Zheng had entered the Clouddream Swamp from the east, and now, he was leaving from the west. He was now much closer to Cloud Sea City.
In the evening, Luo Zheng finally arrived at another medium-sized city, Sunfire City.
This city couldn't be compared with large cities like Cloud Sea City, Heaven Awaken City, and Void Sky City. There were only a few Second Grade Sects around Sunfire City. Moreover, because the Tian Xie Sect was constantly expanding, the cultivators in Sunfire City were also in danger. Several Sects had begun to move towards the south. More than half of the cultivators had left, and a lot of mortals had left as well.
After flying above Sunfire City, Luo Zheng let go of Xi Youqin's hand and said indifferently, "Okay, let's stop here. Head south from Sunfire City. You can go around the Clouddream Swamp and return to Void Sky City."
All along the way, Xi Youqin was lying softly on Luo Zheng's back, and she was stunned when she suddenly heard Luo Zheng ask her to leave.
Void Sky City and the Void Spirit Sect were deeply involved in the war between the Sects. Cui Xie was unable to capture Luo Zheng, so he would definitely lead the cultivators to attack the Void Spirit Sect once more. Now that the Seven Void Spirit Disciples had been killed, even though the Void Spirit Sect still had numerous Void Tribulation Realm cultivators and Daoist Priest Qing Xu, it was impossible for the Void Spirit Sect to resist the attacks of the Tian Xie Sect by relying on the Sect Guarding Grand Formation left behind by Feng Guanyu.
So, what could she do if she returned?
"I …." Xi Youqin wanted to say something, yet she didn't know how to start.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at Xi Youqin and didn't say anything. If Cui Xie noticed that he'd left Clouddream Swamp, then it was very likely that Cui Xie would chase after him. The journey to Cloud Sea City was still very long, so it wasn't convenient for him to bring Xi Youqin along.
In the end, Luo Zheng didn't say anything, and he still chose to turn around and leave!
Xi Youqin floated in midair and stared blankly at the streak that was ceaselessly disappearing into the distance. She bit her lips forcefully, and she didn't even notice that blood seeped out from her lips in the end. After that, her gaze slowly became extremely icy cold and resolute, and her emotions gradually became agitated as a strand of extremely strong obsession surged incessantly into her mind.
After floating silently in midair for the time for an incense stick to burn, Xi Youqin suddenly felt as if flames were burning within her Dantian.
"Boom!"
In practically an instant, strands of violet flames emerged from her Dantian and enveloped her!
Those flames weren't formed from Xi Youqin's True Essence because Xi Youqin didn't cultivate a fire attribute cultivation technique.
The flames were emanating from the Extreme Violet Realm ….
＝＝＝＝＝