The purple flames that erupted from Xi Youqin's dantian wrapped around her, and then her body began to fall downwards!
"A big fireball fell from the sky!"
"Heavens! It smashed into Old Wang's house … "
"There's someone in that fireball, could it be that martial artist?"
Most of the people in Sunfire City were ordinary mortals. The martial artists with higher cultivations had already left Sunfire City with their sects.
To these mortals, the sect wars between martial artists didn't have much to do with them. If it was any other day, they would still live. No matter who ruled this continent, they wouldn't make things difficult for these mortals.
Xi Youqin smashed a tile-roofed house, but the purple flames continued to burn. The people outside were unable to approach.
But there were still some martial artists left in Sunfire City. After a while, three Xiantian realm martial artists rushed over. But when they saw the purple flames, their expressions changed.
The purple flames were too fierce. These Xiantian realm martial artists didn't dare to approach. They could only watch helplessly as the flames continued to burn until the tile-roofed house was completely burned down.
"There's another person in the flames!"
"The purple flames can't burn him to death. This person must be a peerless powerhouse!"
"That's right, but I wonder where he came from. Why did he fall into our Sunfire City?"
These Xiantian realm martial artists didn't have much experience to begin with, so how could they distinguish the situation in front of them?
After a short period of unconsciousness, Xi Youqin slowly regained consciousness. Then, she entered a very strange state. Her Extreme Purple Yin Body's innate talent was rapidly activated!
Those who possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body could communicate with the Extreme Purple Realm and even cultivate there!
But every Extreme Purple Yin Body's activation time was different. For example, Si Miaoling had also activated her Extreme Purple Yin Body. It was just that Si Miaoling hadn't kept her primordial yin with Cui Xie. She had activated her Extreme Purple Yin Body because Cui Xie had found a secret method for her to forcefully activate it!
On the other hand, Xi Youqin's Primordial Yin was naturally opened after it dissipated. The effect was completely different!
The Extreme Violet Yin Body itself was divided into different grades. Although the number of Extreme Violet Yin Bodies was rare, there were countless living beings in the universe. Just the Central Domain alone could find a few of them. Therefore, there would be a considerable number of Extreme Violet Yin Bodies in the entire universe. The Extreme Violet Yin Body itself was divided into six grades.
The humans of the Upper Realm categorized these six ranks according to their colors. They were Light Purple, Green Purple, Red Purple, Azure Purple, Bright Purple, and Black Purple.
Among them, black-purple was the highest grade, while light-purple was the weakest. Xi Youqin possessed the black-purple grade, which was the best grade, the Extreme Purple Yin Body!
The higher the grade of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, the easier it would be to communicate with the Extreme Purple Realm, and the more resources one would be able to obtain from the Extreme Purple Realm. Only when a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body was opened would one be surrounded by purple flames, and no one would be able to get close to them!
These purple flames were extremely powerful. Not only those Xiantian realm warriors, even those Divine Core and False Tribulation realm warriors couldn't get close to them. Even those Life and Death realm warriors had to use all of their strength to barely resist these purple flames!
These purple flames burned for an entire day and night ….
In the Fire Sun City, this was no small matter. At first, it had attracted countless civilians, then some Xiantian Secret Realm martial artists and a few Divine Reflection Realm martial artists to investigate, but none of them could find out anything.
Finally, the remaining three Divine Core warriors in Sunfire City arrived, but they still didn't dare get close to the purple flames.
After 24 hours, one day and one night, the purple flames finally began to dissipate. Xi Youqin who was sitting cross-legged within the purple flames slowly opened her eyes. In just one day and one night, her temperament had undergone a tremendous change!
During this period of time, Xi Youqin had been cultivating in the Extreme Purple Realm. Not only did she learn about the rules of the Extreme Purple Realm, she also learned about all sorts of secrets, and she finally understood how frightening her innate talent was!
The Extreme Purple Yin Body was a special martial art. This martial art was very different from the normal martial arts. It was a shortcut, but the first step would be limited by the innate talent of the Extreme Purple Yin Body. For example, a normal Extreme Purple Yin Body with a "Light Purple" Sixth Grade would never be able to reach the height of a "Blue" Fifth Grade in their lifetime no matter how high their cultivation was!
However, Xi Youqin possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body, a First Grade Dark Purple Yin Body!
"I didn't expect there to be such a pretty little girl inside the purple flames!"
"What a pretty little girl! She has broken through to the Divine Core realm at such a young age! Could she be from some big family?"
Everyone was trying to guess Xi Youqin's identity.
Three Divine Core warriors standing not far away from her blinked their eyes. They looked at each other, then a strange smile emerged on their faces.
In the eyes of those Divine Reflection and Xiantian realm warriors, this girl was someone they couldn't afford to offend. However, in the eyes of these three men, she was nothing.
Although this girl in front of them was an Early Divine Core warrior, and although her foundation was solid, her True Yuan was extremely weak! This meant that her actual combat strength was extremely weak!
Judging from the looks of it, this girl must be from some big family, and she must be very wealthy!
According to the information they received, Cui Xie was attacking the Void Spirit Sect, and this girl might be a warrior who escaped from some Third Grade Families in the Void Sky City. Perhaps she had some treasures from those big families?
Even if she didn't have any treasures, just her pretty body alone was a treasure in their eyes!
The Divine Core warrior with a mustache walked over and asked politely, "Young lady, is there anything I can help you with?"
Xi Youqin didn't have much confidence in front of Luo Zheng. How could she possibly be nice to an ordinary warrior? She only threw a cold glance at the mustache man, then she was about to fly up to him.
However, the other two Divine Core warriors were one step ahead of her, and they blocked Xi Youqin's path.
"Young lady, why are you in such a hurry? Since you're here in the Fiery Sun City, you should rest well before you leave! "
"You're right, why don't you accompany us for a drink?"
If it was before the awakening of her Extreme Purple Yin Body, it would have been very difficult for Xi Youqin to get rid of these three men. Although these three warriors were only Early Divine Core warriors, and they were all from Second Grade Sects, so their actual combat strength was nothing to worry about. However, at that time, Xi Youqin was much weaker than them.
However, because of that one day and night, Xi Youqin had undergone a complete transformation.
"Get lost!" Xi Youqin said coldly.
"Don't be so fierce!" One of the Divine Core warriors said.
Another mustache man laughed and said, "It's okay to be fierce, I like fierce girls! Especially when a beauty is fierce, it's a totally different flavor! "
Right at this moment, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes, and the three Divine Core warriors suddenly felt a gust of wind blowing past them. After that, some dark shadows appeared in the sky.
When the three Divine Core warriors raised their heads, they immediately saw an ancient looking huge sword appearing in the sky. There were more than a hundred huge swords! Each huge sword was a few dozen meters long, and they were hanging in the sky, as if they were going to fall down at any moment.
"What, what is this?!"
"Why are there so many swords all of a sudden?!"
Xi Youqin coldly harrumphed, then the hundred huge swords all smashed towards the Divine Core warriors at the same time!
"Bam bam bam bam bam …"
The huge swords smashed onto the ground, leaving deep trenches in the ground. The Fiery-Sun City wasn't a big city, so when these huge swords smashed onto the ground, the entire city began to tremble. Those who didn't know what was going on might even think that an earthquake had occurred!
With over a hundred huge swords smashing onto the ground, how big was the area they covered? Even if these Divine Core warriors wanted to dodge, it was too late. They didn't even have the time to let out a miserable shriek before they were instantly turned into meat paste by these huge swords!
With a cold expression, Xi Youqin flew up into the sky. Although she was a warrior, this was her first time killing someone!
After flying up into the sky, a hesitant expression emerged on Xi Youqin's face. She didn't know whether she should return to the Void Sky City or Cloud Sea City. She stared at the direction where Lu Zheng disappeared, and a sad expression emerged on her face. In the end, she decided to fly back to Cloud Sea City.
Right now, Xi Youqin was very confident in her own strength. The experience she had in the Extreme Purple Realm had allowed her to understand her potential and true strength.