All the other warriors in the Fiery Sun City stared coldly at the scene in front of them.
After the gigantic swords disappeared, they left behind a huge crater on the ground, and countless sword marks could be seen within the crater.
Looking at the miserable state of the three Divine Core warriors, all the other warriors felt a lingering fear in their hearts.
After the woman left, those Xiantian realm warriors started discussing with each other with fear still lingering in their hearts.
"That woman is really ruthless, she turned three Divine Core warriors into minced meat with just a single strike …"
"Luckily I ran away when I realized the situation wasn't right. If not, I would have been dragged into this as well! Don't be fooled by that woman's pretty face, she's really ruthless! "
"Sigh … this is a chaotic world, I think it's better for us not to get involved."
For one day and one night, Luo Zheng maintained a high speed as he flew back to Cloud Sea City. He was eager to return home, and he didn't want to stop for even a second. Along the way, he had replenished countless True Origin Stones.
Luo Zheng had returned from the Sea God Continent, and he wanted to return to the Cloud Hall as soon as possible. However, he didn't expect to encounter so many obstacles along the way.
A bright red glow began to shine from the horizon, and the morning sun dyed the clouds golden. Looking at Cloud Sea City in front of him, a faint smile finally emerged on Luo Zheng's face. After a long journey, he had finally returned to Cloud Sea City.
"Eh?"
When Luo Zheng approached Cloud Sea City, a doubtful expression emerged on his face.
The sky above Cloud Sea City was empty, and he couldn't see any sign of the Cloud Hall.
The Cloud Hall leaned on a huge floating rock and floated above Cloud Sea City. It was shrouded in clouds all year round, and occasionally, the Cloud Hall would change its position. But, it would always circle above Cloud Sea City.
But now, Luo Zheng realized that the entire Cloud Hall had disappeared!
Could it be that something had happened to the Cloud Hall?
That shouldn't be the case. While flying back to Cloud Sea City, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
In the Central Domain, there weren't many forces that could threaten the Cloud Hall. After Luo Zheng arranged the Sect Protecting Great Array, apart from the Tian Xie Sect, no other force could take down the Cloud Hall.
What's more, the Tian Xie Sect was attacking the Void Spirit Sect right now. Cui Xie couldn't take care of both sides at the same time. If the Cloud Hall had been attacked before, the Xi family would have definitely told him.
It was useless to think too much about it. After Luo Zheng entered the city, he headed straight for the Cloud Sect.
The Cloud Sect was one of the 5 great 2nd Rank Sects under the Cloud Hall. However, when compared to the 2nd Rank Sects like the Blue Cloud Sect and the Misty Cloud Sect, the Cloud Sect's status was slightly higher. After all, the Cloud Sect was closely connected to the Cloud Hall. Moreover, the various clans in Ocean of Clouds City would ceaselessly send their disciples to the Cloud Sect, and the elites of the Cloud Sect were slightly more numerous than the Blue Cloud Sect and the Misty Cloud Sect.
Right after Luo Zheng entered the cave, two Divine Core warriors immediately came up to him from below.
"Who are you from the Cloud Sect?" One of the Divine Core warriors asked Luo Zheng. When he discovered that Luo Zheng was a False Tribulation warrior, a fearful expression emerged on his face.
The Sect Chief of a 2nd Rank Sect was only a Late Divine Core warrior. However, since the Cloud Sect was supported by the Cloud Hall, the Divine Core warrior wasn't worried about this man causing trouble. But, now that something had happened in the Cloud Hall, he was worried that this man would take advantage of the situation and loot it!
"Where is the Cloud Sect's Sect Chief?" Luo Zheng asked in an indifferent manner.
"Who are you? Why are you looking for our Sect Chief? "The Divine Core warrior asked again.
"Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng." Luo Zheng told them his name.
The two Divine Core warriors looked at each other. When they heard Luo Zheng's name, a panicked expression emerged in their eyes. "Luo Zheng! You're back? "
Their panicked expressions couldn't escape Luo Zheng's eyes. He was puzzled as well, why did these two men panic when they heard his name? Could it be that someone didn't want to see him back? Although he was thinking about this, his expression didn't change at all.
"That's right, where is the Cloud Sect's Sect Chief? Ask him to come see me! "Luo Zheng asked again.
"Sect Chief, Sect Chief went to the Cloud Hall …" The Divine Core warrior replied.
"Why did the Cloud Hall leave Cloud Sea City? Where is the Cloud Hall now? "Luo Zheng asked again.
The Divine Core warrior stuttered, "I, I don't know!"
Perhaps this Divine Core warrior didn't want to tell Luo Zheng where the Cloud Hall was, but he couldn't think of a way to lie to Luo Zheng. Therefore, he could only say he didn't know.
Seeing the warrior's reaction, Luo Zheng became even more suspicious. With a swoosh, he flew in front of the warrior and said with a cold voice, "You don't know? Or you don't want to tell me? Tell me, where is the Cloud Hall? "While speaking, Luo Zheng stared at the warrior. A faint killing intent emerged on his face.
The other Divine Core warrior said, "Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall is located 30 miles northwest of Cloud Sea City! You'll find the Cloud Hall if you head northwest! "
"En." Luo Zheng replied with an indifferent tone. He had guessed that something must have happened in the Cloud Hall, but he didn't want to waste his time on these two warriors. Everything would be clear once he returned to the Cloud Hall.
After Luo Zheng turned into a beam of light and left, the Divine Core warrior glared at him and said, "Why did you tell him? Now that this fiend is back, our family's plan is going to be ruined! I'm afraid we'll all be implicated! "
The other Divine Core warrior sneered, "Why didn't you tell him? Are you kidding me? It's fine if Luo Zheng didn't die in the outside world, but now he's back, and he's even broken through to the Void Tribulation realm! He was able to defeat a Divine Core genius when he was just a Divine Reflection warrior! If you didn't tell him just now, I bet he would definitely attack you, and you wouldn't even be able to withstand a single attack from him! "
The warrior fell silent, then he murmured to himself, "This is troublesome, now that Luo Zheng is back, we'll be in big trouble!"
After Luo Zheng received the news, he immediately started flying northwest. 30 miles was just a blink of an eye for Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng's heart was in his throat.
The two Divine Core warriors were definitely hiding something from him. They clearly knew the relationship between him and Ning Yudie, and if the Cloud Hall was in trouble, they wouldn't have such an expression when they saw him. Since they didn't want to see him return, then Ning Yudie must be in trouble!
Soon, Luo Zheng saw a huge floating palace in front of him. It was the Cloud Hall, and right at this moment, the barrier on the surface of the Cloud Hall was flickering with faint ripples. It was the Light of Water Barrier from the Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation that Luo Zheng had set up.
This barrier was able to withstand a full force attack from a Life and Death warrior, and even with Luo Zheng's current cultivation, he could break it apart with just a single strike.
Standing outside the barrier, Luo Zheng looked around. He didn't see any guards at the entrance of the Cloud Hall, and Luo Zheng couldn't find anyone to open the barrier for him!
Bam!
Right at this moment, a bright light flickered from deep within the Cloud Hall, followed by a violent energy fluctuation.
"Someone is attacking me inside the Cloud Hall?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
With that thought in mind, Luo Zheng circled around the Light of Water Barrier and arrived at the bottom of the barrier.
This Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation was set up by Luo Zheng himself, and he knew exactly where the eye of the formation was located.
The entire Light of Water Barrier was like a huge eggshell. It covered the entire Cloud Hall from top to bottom and from front to back. When Luo Zheng arrived at the bottom of the Cloud Hall, he gently twisted his body in midair. After circling around a few times, he easily entered the barrier. After that, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it, he simply rushed into the depths of the Cloud Hall.
Luo Zheng had guessed half of what had happened in the Cloud Hall.
Right now, the entire Cloud Hall was in a state of internal strife.
In fact, compared to other Sects in the Central Domain, the Cloud Hall's defense was the most stable. Even the Tian Xie Sect wouldn't be able to break through the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array. However, this time, the trouble came from inside the Cloud Hall!
After Ning Yudie cultivated the Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra, she quickly recovered all her strength. After nine times of dissipating her cultivation, Ning Yudie could finally break through to the Life and Death Realm!
Breaking through to the Life and Death Realm wasn't difficult for Ning Yudie. The difficult part was dealing with the Life and Death Tribulation!
Warriors who entered the Life and Death Realm had to go through the Life and Death Tribulation. The difficulty of the Life and Death Tribulation varied from one warrior to another. However, there were still certain rules to follow.
The greater a warrior's potential and strength, the more terrifying the Life and Death Tribulation would be. For example, Yun Luo's Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra was extremely troublesome to cultivate. However, once she succeeded in cultivating it, her strength would be far greater than other warriors of the same level. After she broke through to the Life and Death Realm, the Life and Death Tribulation she would face would naturally be extremely terrifying!
It was at this critical juncture that the Zhuo Family of Cloud Sea City joined forces with several other third-grade families to launch a sudden attack.