The rapid rise of the Cloud Hall wasn't just due to Ning Yudie alone. The strength of all the cultivators in the Cloud Hall had steadily increased.
After obtaining the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, the Cloud Hall was already ranked as a quasi fifth-grade sect. However, in the eyes of the Central Domain cultivators, the Cloud Hall was already a fifth-grade sect that wasn't inferior to the Void Spirit Sect. Even if it was inferior, it was only inferior to the Void Spirit Sect in terms of foundation.
Once Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death Realm, the Cloud Hall's status as a fifth-grade sect would be unshakable. Once Ning Yudie broke through, she would take advantage of the Cloud Hall's soaring momentum and lead the Cloud Hall to become a sixth-grade sect, giving birth to the first Holy Land in the Central Domain!
Who would have thought that when Ning Yudie was breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, the Cloud Hall would have such a serious internal strife!
The seeds of this internal strife had been sown a few decades ago.
The Cloud Hall slowly developed from the Cloud Hall. At first, the prototype of the Cloud Hall was the Cloud Sect. As the Cloud Sect continued to develop, it joined forces with the Zhuo Family, Chen Family, Fei Family, Wu Family, and other third-grade families to form the Cloud Hall.
No matter how the Cloud Hall developed, the position of the Cloud Hall's Hall Master had always been occupied by the descendants of the major families.
At that time, Granny Yu didn't come from any of these major families. Instead, she was a genius disciple from the Cloud Hall's Rosy Cloud Sect.
However, Granny Yu's cultivation was powerful and her talent was extremely high. Although the major families in the Cloud Sea City had some criticisms about Granny Yu's birth, the genius disciples of the major families were useless and couldn't compete with Granny Yu at all!
However, when it came to Ning Yudie's generation, it was different. Everyone knew about Ning Yudie's birth. Although she grew up in the Cloud Sect, she was born as an outsider. Moreover, at this time, there were many people who could shoulder the burden of the Cloud Hall. For example, Mister Zhuo and the others had the strength to compete for the position of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall!
In the end, Granny Yu passed the position of Palace Master to Ning Yudie. This made the other aristocratic families very confused, especially the Zhuo family led by Mister Zhuo!
From the Zhuo family's point of view, Ning Yudie was indeed more outstanding than Mr. Zhuo in certain aspects. Under Ning Yudie's leadership, the Cloud Hall had indeed undergone considerable changes. For example, Ning Yudie had generously treated Luo Zheng and brought an unparalleled protective array to the Cloud Hall.
However, those aristocratic families were not as far-sighted as Granny Yu. Even if Ning Yudie's existence was indeed beneficial to the Cloud Hall, they should not let an outsider take charge of the Cloud Hall!
This was especially true for Mister Zhuo, who had seized every opportunity to topple Ning Yudie from her position as Hall Master. Unfortunately, Mister Zhuo had never been able to seize this opportunity.
However, Mister Zhuo now saw an opportunity.
Granny Yu, in order to find an opportunity to pass through the next life and death calamity, had gone on an expedition to Heavenly Star with the independent martial artist Venerable Nanhua. Once Granny Yu left, there was no one in the Cloud Hall to support Ning Yudie. Now, Ning Yudie wanted to break through to the Life and Death Realm.
At this time, Ning Yudie was facing a terrifying life and death calamity. She herself was facing a considerable test. Perhaps, with just a little bit of pressure from the side, she would fail the calamity!
How could Mister Zhuo let go of such a good opportunity?
Granny Yu was getting closer and closer to her life and death calamity. Since ancient times, how many people had returned from exploring the sea in search of opportunities?
Once Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death Realm and passed through the calamity, Mister Zhuo would no longer have a chance. Therefore, after scheming for a long time, Mister Zhuo finally chose to make his move.
Ning Yudie's Ice Palace was filled with slender ice spikes. The entire Ice Palace looked like a huge hedgehog!
And within the Ice Palace, there were dozens of martial artists resisting with all their strength!
Not all martial artists stood on Mister Zhuo's side. Currently, the entire Cloud Hall was divided into three factions. The first faction was led by Mister Zhuo. They were striving to seize the position of Hall Master. If they didn't succeed, they would die trying!
Once Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death Realm, the third rank families that supported Mister Zhuo would be implicated. They might even be wiped out by Ning Yudie!
The second faction was the neutral faction led by Fei Han. These elders of the Cloud Hall weren't willing to overthrow Ning Yudie, but as members of the third rank families of Cloud Sea City, they could only be said to be in a dilemma. They simply didn't help either side. Even so, Fei Han and the others were under great pressure. Take Fei Han as an example. This time, the Fei Family of Cloud Sea City fully supported Mister Zhuo. As a member of the Fei Family, Fei Han refused to help. Naturally, he was under great pressure.
As for the third faction, it was those who stood on Ning Yudie's side.
Of course, the third faction was led by Daoist Dameng. Many disciples of the younger generation were part of this faction as well. After all, these disciples of the younger generation didn't have much of a relationship with the families of Cloud Sea City. On the contrary, after joining the Cloud Hall, they had always regarded Ning Yudie as the core of the Cloud Hall.
For the past few days, Mister Zhuo had led many martial artists to attack Ning Yudie's Ice Palace. However, wave after wave of attacks were resisted by Daoist Dameng and his men.
However, the strength of the martial artists on Daoist Dameng's side wasn't very strong. After all, they didn't have the advantage in numbers. Furthermore, the younger generation of martial artists hadn't fully matured. Apart from Daoist Dameng and a few other Void Tribulation Realm elders, most of the other martial artists were only at the Divine Core realm, and some were even at the Divine Reflection realm.
It was a miracle that they were able to resist the attacks for so many days, and the person who created this miracle was none other than Hua Tianming!
Right at this moment, Hua Tianming was sitting on the square in front of the Ice Palace. He was holding a dark green longsword in his hand, and blood was flowing out from both of his eyes. The bloodstain was about 6 meters long on the square.
Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and a few other men were standing guard beside Hua Tianming. As for Daoist Dameng and the other martial artists, they had completely surrounded them!
During the past two years, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and a few other men had made great progress in their cultivation. All three of them had broken through to the Divine Core realm, and Hua Tianming had broken through to the Mid Divine Core realm.
Originally, a Mid Divine Core warrior alone wouldn't be able to change the situation.
After all, no matter how talented Hua Tianming was, it would still be difficult for him to fight a False Tribulation warrior. However, Hua Tianming had unintentionally comprehended a higher level of the Heavenly Sword!
He had comprehended the 'Sword Eye' of the Heavenly Sword, which allowed him to absorb the Force of the Heavens into his sword, allowing him to store an unlimited amount of sword intent!
As long as he was given enough time, he could even kill a Life, Death, or Divine Sea warrior with just a single thrust!
Of course, this was only in theory. Although the Force of the Heavens was powerful, Hua Tianming had a limit to how much he could absorb. If he kept using the Force of the Heavens for a long time, it would cause great damage to Hua Tianming's body. Therefore, blood was flowing out from both of his eyes!
But, because Hua Tianming was guarding the entrance of the Ice Palace, no one dared to attack him!
Hua Tianming could only unleash a single thrust with his sword, and anyone who dared to attack him would die. But, as long as anyone could withstand this attack, Hua Tianming would no longer be a threat.
But, who would be willing to withstand this attack?
The last time Hua Tianming attacked with his sword was three days ago, and he had killed the Fei family's Patriarch, Fei Longyang!
Fei Longyang was a late-stage False Tribulation Realm cultivator who cultivated the Laws of Earth, so he was probably the cultivator who was most skilled in defense in the city. Especially his Earthen Dullness technique, it even utilized the Laws of Earth to its limits. It was capable of spreading the attacks he suffered to the ground, allowing the ground to bear the brunt of the damage.
When Fei Longyang unleashed the Earth Art of Foolishness, even Daoist Dameng's attack couldn't withstand it!
It was at that exact moment that Hua Tianming unleashed the Heavens Shaking Sword.
No one had expected this disciple of the Cloud Hall, who was only a Divine Core warrior, to be able to unleash such a powerful attack!
The speed of the sword was incredibly fast, and it carried a tremendous force. Although Fei Longyang was crazily unleashing the Earth Art of Foolishness and spreading the force of the sword across the ground, with Fei Longyang as the center, the ground within a 30 meter radius was instantly turned into dust, and it still couldn't withstand Hua Tianming's sword attack.
In the end, the sword attack still pierced through Fei Longyang's defense, killing him with a single strike!
Even Fei Longyang, who was a Late Void Tribulation warrior, was killed by Hua Tianming with a single strike. So, which Void Tribulation warrior still dared to step forward? Whoever stepped forward would die!
Therefore, Mister Zhuo had no choice but to launch some meaningless attacks at the Ice Palace from afar.
"This can't go on like this!" Originally, Mister Zhuo wanted to take down Ning Yudie in a short period of time, but he didn't expect it to drag on for so long. If Ning Yudie really broke through to the Life and Death realm, all his efforts would be in vain.
"You, go up there!" Mister Zhuo pointed at a Void Tribulation warrior standing next to him. The Void Tribulation warrior was from the Shen family.
As long as they could force Hua Tianming to attack with his sword, they would be able to swarm him. In other words, they were looking for a scapegoat!
＝＝＝＝＝