When the Void Tribulation warrior from the Shen family heard this, his expression immediately changed.
Hua Tianming's sword was incredibly sharp, anyone who went up against him would die. Wasn't asking him to go up there seeking his own death?
Which Void Tribulation warrior didn't cherish their own lives?
The reason why these few big families had joined hands was to push Mister Zhuo to the position of Palace Master, but at the same time, these big families had their own motives. If they pushed Mister Zhuo to the position of Palace Master, these big families would also benefit from it.
But, it wasn't worth it for others to pay with their own lives.
"I'm not going, if you want to go, then you go!" The Void Tribulation warrior from the Shen family shook his head.
Mister Zhuo gritted his teeth and said with a cold voice, "If all of you are afraid of death, how are we going to break into the Ice Palace?!"
All the Void Tribulation warriors looked at each other, then one of them said in a low voice. "If you're not afraid of death, then you go …"
"That's right, Mister Zhuo, you can go! You'll be the first to go, and we'll follow behind you! "
"As long as you take the lead, there's no reason for us not to go!"
Mister Zhuo became even angrier when he heard their words. I was the first to rush up and get killed by that brat Hua Tianming. I'm afraid the Zhuo Clan won't get the position of Hall Master. You Shen Clan, Fei Clan, and Wu Clan are trying to take advantage of me?
"Dad, I'll go!"
The man who spoke was Mister Zhuo's eldest son, Zhuo Feiling, who was also Zhuo Bufan's older brother.
"You?" Mister Zhuo was startled, then he shook his head and said, "It's useless!"
Zhuo Feiling was just a Divine Core warrior, and even if he went up, Hua Tianming wouldn't do anything. With Zhuo Feiling's strength, he would be instantly killed by Daoist Dameng and the others.
"If none of you go up, then what do you think will happen when that bitch Ning Yudie breaks through to the Life and Death realm?" Mister Zhuo said with a cold voice.
His words caused everyone to fall silent. Since ancient times, those who failed in a rebellion always had a miserable ending. Not only would they suffer, all the big families would be severely punished as well. Although the Cloud Hall couldn't remove the names of these big families, these big families had taken root in the Cloud Hall, and once they were punished by the Cloud Hall, it would have a great impact on their families.
"Then … should we attack together?" Finally, one of them revealed a ruthless expression. This time, they had indeed thrown caution to the wind. There was no way out. It was only because no one was willing to be the first scapegoat that they had been stuck here for so long.
Mister Zhuo nodded. "Alright, we've been delayed for so long. Let's attack together. We'll definitely be able to take down the Ice Palace and kill that little b * tch, Ning Yudie!"
He had been planning this for a long time, and he had waited so long for this opportunity. Of course, he had to grasp it firmly in his hands!
"The Cloud Hall belongs to the clans of our city, not Ning Yudie!"
"Victory or defeat depends on this!"
"No, we should win! But Daoist Master Big Dream alone can't stop us! "
As long as all of them attacked at the same time, Hua Tianming would only be able to kill one of them. After Daoist Dameng was killed, everything would be settled. The remaining Void Tribulation Sect Elders were nothing to be afraid of. As for those Divine Core juniors, although they weren't afraid of death, the difference in their cultivation levels was too great.
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
After finishing their discussion, Mister Zhuo and the other men finally took the first step and charged towards the Ice Palace.
On the platform in front of the Ice Palace, Hua Tianming's eyes were still closed. Blood kept flowing out from his eyes, and he looked horrified.
"They're coming up!" With a gloomy expression, Pei Tianyao reminded Hua Tianming.
"I know." Hua Tianming took out the longsword from his chest and gripped the hilt. Although his Heavenly Sword was powerful, he could only unleash a single strike. After unleashing that strike, he would need to charge up again. Obviously, Mister Zhuo and the other men wouldn't give him the chance to charge up again.
Therefore, Hua Tianming was hesitant about who to kill with this strike. How to unleash the full power of this strike was a huge challenge for Hua Tianming.
Daoist Dameng and the other Sect Elders were standing on the side with serious expressions on their faces. They knew that if Mister Zhuo really led all of his men and charged towards the Ice Palace, their chances of winning would be very small.
However, the people standing here were all people who had pledged their lives to follow Ning Yudie!
Since they had chosen to stand here, they were prepared to give up their lives!
"Draw your weapons!"
"Zeng, zeng, zeng!"
On the platform, everyone had already made their preparations to welcome the slaughter below.
The air was filled with killing intent, and the distance between the two sides was constantly closing. At this moment, Hua Tianming suddenly moved.
It looked like Hua Tianming was sitting on the ground, but in reality, he was two inches off the ground. At this moment, Hua Tianming was sliding along the ground, constantly adjusting his position.
Seeing Hua Tianming move, Mister Zhuo and the other False Tribulation Realm experts' expressions changed. With Hua Tianming's strike, someone would definitely die! As for who would die, it would depend on who Hua Tianming chose to attack!
"Charge, stop him from thrusting his sword!" someone shouted.
All of the False Tribulation Realm experts charged towards Hua Tianming with extreme speed. At this moment, Daoist Dameng and the other Sect Elders also stood in front!
After Hua Tianming adjusted his angle, his eyes, which were constantly bleeding, suddenly opened!
In his pitch-black eyes, there were two faint sword shadows. These sword shadows were brewing in his eyes, causing his gaze to be unusually sharp. If anyone met his gaze, they would feel an unbearable pain, as if their eyes were being pierced by needles!
After opening his eyes, Hua Tianming suddenly attacked!
"Scatter!"
When Mister Zhuo saw Hua Tianming facing him, he was immediately scared out of his wits. He had planned for a long time and was about to obtain the Palace Master's position. If he were to be assassinated by Hua Tianming at this moment, he would truly be wronged. Even if he were to become a ghost, he wouldn't be willing!
Just as Mister Zhuo was desperately dodging, Hua Tianming's sword had already pierced out!
Suddenly, a strange aura spread out from Hua Tianming's eyes. This aura was majestic and spirited. Anyone who stood in front of him would feel insignificant!
This kind of feeling was produced when a Sect Elder was alone and looked up at the heavens!
Hua Tianming's accumulated aura of the heavens erupted at this moment. Everyone suddenly felt as if the heavens and earth had been turned upside down. At this moment, Hua Tianming represented the heavens and everything!
Although everyone knew that this was only an illusion caused by Hua Tianming's attack, their minds were still affected by Hua Tianming's aura.
"Whoosh!"
An extremely sharp sword light pierced through the air!
This sword ray was extremely fast, and there was no time to dodge. Everyone only felt a flash of light in front of their eyes, and then three sounds rang in their ears.
"Pu pu pu!"
These were the sounds of bodies being pierced by the sword ray!
It was as if time had frozen at this moment. No matter if it was Daoist Dameng or Mister Zhuo, they were all frozen on the spot. All the other Sect Elders were frozen on the spot as well.
After a short while, the bodies of the three Void Tribulation Realm warriors swayed. Their eyes were filled with unwillingness and anger.
"Why, why is it me …"
Plop, plop, plop …
A single thrust of the sword had killed three Void Tribulation Realm warriors! Hua Tianming was only a Mid Divine Core warrior. One had to admit that the Heavenly Sword cultivated by Hua Tianming was extremely heaven defying! Even Luo Zheng, who had just broken through to the War Reverend realm, was unable to do this!
"Fei, Fei Cheng!"
"Wu Xiaoran!"
A few angry roars sounded out from Mister Zhuo's group.
Looking at this scene, Mister Zhuo let out a long sigh of relief. Luckily, Hua Tianming's attack wasn't aimed at him, or else he would be a corpse lying on the ground right now …
"Charge! Kill that guy! "Mister Zhuo gritted his teeth and shouted out.
All the remaining Void Tribulation Realm warriors were enraged. They were all warriors from third rank families, and the man who was killed was their brother. How could they not be angry at this moment?
Most importantly, after Hua Tianming unleashed the attack, he needed a long time to gather his strength. After unleashing the attack, he would only be an ordinary Divine Core warrior, and he posed no threat to a Void Tribulation warrior.