Hua Tianming's attack just now was meant to kill Mister Zhuo!
Mister Zhuo was their leader, and it was because of his ambition that all third ranked families in Cloud Sea City had gathered together.
However, right before he attacked, Hua Tianming changed his mind.
Even if he killed Mister Zhuo, it wouldn't change the entire situation. If he lost this battle, even if he went to Mister Zhuo, there would be someone else who would take his place!
That was why Hua Tianming chose a tricky angle to kill the three Void Tribulation warriors. But even so, the effect wasn't great.
Daoist Dameng and Mister Zhuo's strength were on par with each other, and they quickly engaged in a fierce battle. However, the number of Void Tribulation warriors on their side was still much greater than Hua Tianming's.
As for Pei Tianyao, Red Maple, and the other Divine Core warriors, they were no match for the Void Tribulation warriors. In just the blink of an eye, they were defeated.
Swoosh!
A Void Tribulation warrior finally broke through the line of defense. He was holding a green blade in his hand as he charged towards Hua Tianming.
"You killed my little brother, so you can die as well!"
After saying that, the Void Tribulation warrior swung his blade at Hua Tianming's head with an extremely powerful aura.
Hua Tianming lightly drew a line on the ground, then he struck out with his sword once again.
With a "ding" sound, this sword was easily blocked by the other party.
Hua Tianming's strength came from the Sword Eye of the Heavenly Sword. Without the Sword Eye, he was no match for a Void Tribulation warrior.
Just as his sword was blocked by his opponent, the opponent turned around and punched Hua Tianming right in the chest.
"Boom!"
The Void Tribulation warrior's punch landed on Hua Tianming's chest, causing it to cave in. He was thrown backwards, and only stopped after rolling a few dozen times on the ground. Hua Tianming laid on the ground, gasping for breath. His eyes were filled with stubbornness.
Choosing this path was the result of a discussion between him, Pei Tianyao, and Red Maple.
The main reason why he chose to support Ning Yudie was because of Luo Zheng.
They knew about the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. At first, the three of them were hesitant, but even the timid Red Maple stood up. Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao had no reason not to do so!
As for whether their choice was right or wrong, Hua Tianming did not know. Perhaps, as a martial artist, one did not necessarily have to weigh everything in terms of benefits. As the saying goes, there are some things to do and some not to do. This was the logic behind it.
"A young Divine Core warrior is actually able to kill a False Tribulation warrior? What a pity, I wonder how far you'll grow in the future!" The False Tribulation warrior slowly walked towards Hua Tianming, the blade in his hand was flickering with a cold light.
At this moment, an agile figure rushed out. That figure was so fast that it was dazzling.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Because it was moving so fast, it created countless clones that surrounded the False Tribulation warrior. This man was Red Maple!
A strange movement skill like this could be considered outstanding amongst all Divine Core warriors, but for a False Tribulation warrior, it was just a piece of cake. Just as Red Maple was moving around the False Tribulation warrior, the False Tribulation warrior suddenly punched out.
"Bang!"
The punch accurately located Red Maple among all the clones!
With just a single punch, Red Maple was sent flying away.
A faint smile emerged on the False Tribulation warrior's face. "A strange movement skill indeed. Even when I was a Divine Core warrior, I couldn't have such a strange movement skill. Too bad, your cultivation base is too weak!"
Right after he finished speaking, a huge palm suddenly appeared above his head. The palm was so huge that it looked like a real palm, and it forcefully slapped downward.
"Hmph!"
The False Tribulation warrior didn't even raise his head. He simply slashed upward with his blade. A massive blade beam formed from True Yuan instantly shattered the palm!
Pei Tianyao's attack couldn't stop the False Tribulation warrior from moving forward.
Soon, the False Tribulation warrior arrived in front of Hua Tianming. He stepped on Hua Tianming's hand, and placed his blade on Hua Tianming's neck. "Too bad, if you didn't choose to stand on Ning Yudie's side, you would have become a powerful warrior of the Cloud Hall in the future! Since you've chosen to die, don't blame me for granting you death! "
The current Hua Tianming could be considered as a Divine Realm genius. Killing Hua Tianming would be a great loss to the Cloud Hall. After all, they were only here to obtain the position of Palace Master, not to destroy the Cloud Hall!
However, since Hua Tianming had chosen to stand on Ning Yudie's side, they couldn't be blamed for this.
A determined expression emerged on Hua Tianming's face. However, he had a resolute heart. Since he had taken this step, he had already mentally prepared himself for failure.
Looking at the rapidly descending blade, Hua Tianming closed his eyes.
But after a short moment, the blade still didn't descend …
Hua Tianming furrowed his brows. 'Is this guy going to mock me before killing me?'
Just as Hua Tianming opened his eyes, he saw a hand grabbing the edge of his saber. The saber was only a few inches away from him, but it couldn't move any further.
"Who is it? Who can grab the blade of a False Tribulation Realm expert with their bare hands? "
Hua Tianming turned his head to look. His eyes suddenly emitted a bright light, and a faint smile appeared on his face. He had imagined that Luo Zheng would come back, but he didn't expect Luo Zheng to appear at this juncture. Hua Tianming smiled faintly and said, "You're back."
Luo Zheng nodded. The hand that grabbed the blade slightly exerted force, and the high-grade immortal tool bent in Luo Zheng's hand. The tough blade was as fragile as a piece of paper. "Yes, I'm back!"
Everyone was still immersed in the battle, so they didn't notice the movement here. Only Red Maple's face revealed an ecstatic smile. Pei Tianyao let out a long breath and said faintly in his heart, 'Hua Tianming, we made the right choice!'
As for the False Tribulation Realm expert in front of him, he was completely stunned. He stared blankly at the bent blade in his hand, and then at Luo Zheng, as if he couldn't react.
"I'm Luo Zheng, I'm back!" This time, Luo Zheng suddenly roared at everyone. With the infusion of True Essence, Luo Zheng's voice was immediately heard clearly by everyone.
When the martial artists who were still fighting heard this fierce roar, they stopped one after another.
Even Daoist Dameng and Mister Zhuo pushed each other away. Their eyes gathered on Luo Zheng's face.
Of course, the two's expressions were completely different. When Daoist Dameng saw Luo Zheng, a smile suddenly appeared on his face. At the same time, he said, "Luo Zheng! You … are already in the False Tribulation Realm! "
Mister Zhuo's face was unsightly at this moment.
Just now, Hua Tianming made a move and killed three False Tribulation Realm experts with one sword. However, he himself was safe and sound. He knew that the position of Cloud Hall's Hall Master was already his! As long as he entangled Daoist Dameng and waited for the others to clean up these experts, he could break into the Ice Palace and kill Ning Yudie!
Everything was going according to plan. In a few days, the entire Cloud Hall would be his! With the protection of the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation, Mister Zhuo wasn't afraid even in the face of the Lascivious Sect. After becoming the Cloud Hall's Hall Master, he used the Cloud Hall's resources to make a breakthrough. His future prospects were almost limitless!
But at this time, that damned Luo Zheng actually came back at this critical moment?
Wasn't he dead?
Although most people in the Cloud Hall believed that Luo Zheng wasn't dead, Mister Zhuo stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng was dead without a doubt. There was absolutely no possibility of him coming back.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng standing not too far away and had even broken through to the False Tribulation Realm, how could Mister Zhuo not be shocked?
The expressions of many third-rank aristocratic families' experts were also uncertain. This Luo Zheng suddenly came back to kill them. How should they deal with him?
"Hmph, Luo Zheng! So what if you're back? You're only in the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Do you think you can turn the tide by yourself? What a joke! Attack, kill him! "Mister Zhuo ordered.
"That's right, it's just another False Tribulation Realm warrior! They're no match for us! "
"Let's join forces and kill him first!"
Mister Zhuo's words were very useful. There were too few warriors standing on Ning Yudie's side, and most of them were just Divine Core juniors. Now that Luo Zheng was here, they couldn't turn the situation around.