Four Void Tribulation Realm warriors were attacking Luo Zheng at the same time, and two of them were Mid Void Tribulation Realm warriors. This was enough to show how much importance they attached to Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng was still at the Divine Reflection realm, he was able to suppress those Divine Core geniuses. Now that he had broken through to the Void Tribulation realm, no one knew how strong he had become.
However, in their minds, no matter how strong Luo Zheng was, with four Void Tribulation Realm warriors attacking him at the same time, he wouldn't be able to fight back.
Daoist Great Dream's expression changed. He lifted his leg and his figure became erratic. Just as he was about to use the Phantom God Steps to help Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo stabbed out with his spear. It was this spear that forced Daoist Great Dream back!
Everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and the others had worried expressions on their faces. Even if Luo Zheng's cultivation had skyrocketed in the past two years, there was no way he could fight back against four Void Tribulation Realm warriors by himself.
Facing the four Void Tribulation Realm warriors, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. His body was like a fallen leaf floating on water, constantly stretching and drifting in the air!
"Is this an illusion?"
"Or is this some kind of special movement skill?"
Various thoughts flashed through the minds of the four Void Tribulation Realm warriors.
But since they had already attacked, and Luo Zheng wasn't dodging, how could they let go of this opportunity?
For a moment, all sorts of attacks were thrown at Luo Zheng!
However, something strange happened. It was as if none of the attacks could touch Luo Zheng!
It looked like the weapons in their hands were either slashing or stabbing at Luo Zheng's body, but it was as if Luo Zheng's body didn't exist. It was as if their weapons were slashing at the air.
Although Daoist Dameng was being held back by Mister Zhuo, when he glanced around, a shocked expression emerged on his face.
"This is the Law of Space! Daoist Master Dameng couldn't help but exclaim in surprise. Where did Luo Zheng go these past two years?
Although Mister Zhuo was entangled with Daoist Master Dameng, his mind was also on Luo Zheng. Seeing Luo Zheng's inconceivably strange movement technique, how intense was the shock in his eyes?
"This kid …" Mister Zhuo suddenly had a bad premonition. He seemed to have underestimated this kid.
From the first time he saw Luo Zheng, Mr. Zhuo realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng!
At that time, Mr. Zhuo had thought that Luo Zheng was just a little guy who had climbed up from the Blue Cloud Sect. At the entrance of the Road of Trials, he had wanted to take action against Luo Zheng.
Who would have thought that Ning Yudie would directly slap him in the face and tell him to get lost!
At that time, Mr. Zhuo had already wanted to kill Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng had risen like a comet in the Central Domain. This kid's strength had grown at a speed ten times faster than he had imagined! When Luo Zheng had been in the Divine Reflection Realm, he had already made Mr. Zhuo feel a sense of crisis.
He hadn't expected that after disappearing for two years, he would return as a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. Plus, with this strength … Could Mr. Zhuo defeat Luo Zheng?
Mr. Zhuo didn't have an answer in his heart. However, after a breath, the answer floated clearly in his mind!
Bang, bang, bang, bang!
In an instant, Luo Zheng threw out four punches, sending the four False Tribulation Realm martial artists flying!
These False Tribulation Realm martial artists didn't have the strength to fight back in front of Luo Zheng. After they fell heavily to the ground, they either sat or lay down. Their faces were as white as paper. Clearly, their injuries weren't light!
When Luo Zheng was still a general, he was already able to fight against the peak war elder in the Sin Tower. Furthermore, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the Nihility Tribulation Realm, and was also a war elder expert. It was not too difficult for him to deal with these early and middle stage Nihility Tribulation Realm warriors.
However, what Luo Zheng thought was normal was abnormal in the eyes of others!
Everyone on the platform was stunned. They felt that they were not facing a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, but a Life and Death Realm peerless powerhouse! Only a Life and Death Realm martial artist could easily crush a False Tribulation Realm martial artist.
Hua Tianming said with a faint smile on his face. "Luo Zheng's strength is still normal …"
In the beginning, when Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian warrior, he was able to fight with Divine Reflection Realm martial artists. But, after breaking through to the Divine Reflection Realm, he was able to suppress Divine Core warriors. In fact, the higher one's cultivation level was, the harder it was to maintain this advantage. After all, all the martial artists who could cultivate to the False Tribulation Realm were geniuses amongst geniuses.
This was also the reason why Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Daoist Dameng were so worried.
But now, they understood that Luo Zheng was still able to maintain this huge advantage. According to their calculations, Luo Zheng did indeed have the strength to fight with Life and Death Realm martial artists!
Life and Death Realm martial artists … they were the strongest existences in this continent. Even Ning Yudie was still trying to break through to the Life and Death Realm. No one expected that after missing for two years, Luo Zheng would possess such frightening strength.
Everyone sighed in their minds.
As for Mister Zhuo, the answer in his mind had finally become clear. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could easily crush him!
His heart sank, and the hearts of all the martial artists who came with him sank as well.
Luo Zheng looked at Mister Zhuo and said, "Give up resisting, and you'll be given a lighter punishment. If you resist again, you'll be killed without mercy!"
Many False Tribulation Realm martial artists were hesitating. Just now, Luo Zheng had casually shown his strength, and it had planted a seed of fear in their hearts. Many of them were slightly shaken.
"Even if you give up resisting, he won't let you go!" Mister Zhuo's words made all of them tighten their grip on their weapons. They were plotting a rebellion, and any rebellion in a sect was punishable by death! It was the same as a rebellion in a mortal's Imperial Palace. You've already decided to overthrow someone, and you're expecting them to let you go?
Hearing Mister Zhuo's words, Luo Zheng sneered. He took a step forward, crossing layers of space and heading straight for Mister Zhuo. This person was the source of the chaos!
The current situation was different from before. Just now, Hua Tianming didn't kill Mister Zhuo because even if he did, he wouldn't be able to change the situation. But now, Luo Zheng could completely suppress the current situation, so as long as Mister Zhuo was killed, it would be difficult for the others to resist!
Seeing Luo Zheng chasing after him, Mister Zhuo shot backwards!
"Escape? Let's see where you can escape to! "
The Abundant Light enveloped the entire Cloud Hall, so it was impossible for Mister Zhuo to escape from the barrier. Mister Zhuo had just entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and was only equivalent to a War Reverend of the eighth or ninth stage! How could he be Luo Zheng's opponent!
Being chased by Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo's face was full of regret. He thought that he had calculated everything, but he had missed this guy.
As a member of the Cloud Hall, how could Mister Zhuo not know how terrifying Luo Zheng was?
As long as this guy didn't fall, in the future, who in the Central Domain could be his opponent?
But Mister Zhuo wasn't an immortal. It was impossible for him to calculate that Luo Zheng would return, and at this critical juncture!
"Luo Zheng, let me go! I will change my name and never set foot in the Central Domain again! "Mister Zhuo fled while begging Luo Zheng behind him.
"You wish. Actually, I've wanted to kill you for a long time, but as an elder of the Cloud Hall, I can't do it. Today, you pushed yourself into a desperate situation. What's the use of begging for mercy now?" Luo Zheng said coldly. His figure constantly shuttled through space. Every time he shuttled through space, he got closer to Mister Zhuo!
"If you kill me, my Zhuo Family and the Cloud Hall will be irreconcilable! All the aristocratic families in the Cloud Sea City will become enemies with the Cloud Hall! "Mister Zhuo threatened again.
"You're just a small third-rank aristocratic family. How could the other aristocratic families in the Cloud Sea City be like your Zhuo Family? Dream on! "Luo Zheng retorted. At this moment, he was only three meters away from Mister Zhuo.
"Die!" Seeing that he couldn't escape, Mister Zhuo suddenly turned around and pulled out a black spear. He turned around and stabbed it at Luo Zheng. "Sun Extinguishing Spear!"
When this spear stabbed out, the spear tip emitted a light that seemed to be able to steal the radiance of the sun and moon. Its might was extremely shocking. As one of the strongest elders of the Cloud Hall, Mister Zhuo's strength was unquestionable.
Facing Mister Zhuo's full strength spear, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. He sneered and directly grabbed the spear tip with his palm. He pushed hard. This high-grade immortal artifact instantly bent under Luo Zheng's push, and at the same time, it started to break into pieces.
Seeing this scene, Mister Zhuo's heart sank into the abyss. The difference in strength between him and Luo Zheng was even greater than he had imagined.
＝＝＝＝＝