With his weapon broken by Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo's eyes flashed with a hint of pleading. He immediately said, "Luo Zheng, I am an elder of the Cloud Hall. Even if it is a rebellion, Ning Yudie will be the one to deal with it! I … surrender! You can't kill me! "
Hearing Mister Zhuo's words, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of hesitation.
Strictly speaking, this was true. After all, Mister Zhuo was one of the pillars of the Cloud Hall. His status and identity were higher than Luo Zheng's. In fact, Luo Zheng was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall and had not been promoted to a position like a deacon.
Mister Zhuo also understood that as long as he was not killed by Luo Zheng, he could let the entire Zhuo family influence Ning Yudie and save his life. As long as he did not die, there was still a chance for him to rise again. After all, the lifespan of a martial artist was too long. Who knew what the situation would be like in a few hundred years?
Many people of the Cloud Hall were watching this scene from various windows and corners of the Cloud Hall.
In this rebellion, most of the disciples of the Cloud Hall chose to be neutral. After all, this rebellion involved the internal strife between the higher-ups and had little to do with the lower-level martial artists of the Cloud Hall.
"Oh my god, Luo Zheng is back, and he is chasing Mister Zhuo with his bare hands!"
"This kid is really a monster. He disappeared for two years and just came back, and he can actually fight with Mister Zhuo!"
"Are you blind? Mister Zhuo has no power to fight back. This is not a fight, this is a crushing, understand? "
For most of the people of the Cloud Hall, the ownership of the Cloud Hall was not important. So at this time, they were watching this with the mentality of watching a show.
Of course, some of the children of aristocratic families were not in a good mood, especially some of the children of the Zhuo family. When they saw Great Master Zhuo being beaten back by Luo Zheng, their faces were as ugly as they could be. However, their cultivation was too low, and the difference in strength was too great, so they could not participate in this.
Zhuo Bufan, who was in the Elite Hall, watched in a daze as his father was chased by Luo Zheng and even begged for mercy. His face was extremely gloomy!
The way he looked at Luo Zheng was also extremely complicated!
How arrogant was Zhuo Bufan when he was on the path of the trial-takers?
At that time, who else could Zhuo Bufan be but me? Among the younger generation of disciples, who could rival him? At that time, Zhuo Bufan did not take Luo Zheng seriously at all!
But two years had passed. In just two years, Luo Zheng had grown to a level that even his father found difficult to contend with, while he himself was still lingering in the Divine Reflection Realm. Even Hua Tianming and the others were far inferior to him...
How could Zhuo Bufan not hate him?
In fact, Zhuo Bufan had a Heaven-grade talent, and his cultivation speed should not have been so slow. However, at that time, one of his hands was crippled by Luo Zheng in the Cloud Hall, and his martial arts heart was greatly damaged. Under the double psychological and physical blow, Zhuo Bufan was depressed for a long time!
At this time, Zhuo Bufan wanted to rush up and stand in front of his father. Unexpectedly, a member of the Zhuo family next to him held him down from behind and shook his head at Zhuo Bufan, indicating that he should not act rashly. Luo Zheng's strength had already exceeded their imagination. Zhuo Bufan would only be asking for humiliation if he went up.
In mid-air, Luo Zheng thought for a moment. The hesitation in his eyes disappeared in a flash, and then a murderous look appeared on his face. "You're right. I can't kill you, but I can kill you on behalf of Ning Yudie!"
After that, Luo Zheng sneered and rushed toward Mister Zhuo again.
Luo Zheng knew very well that raising a tiger would only invite calamity. Mister Zhuo was very cunning. He had been the one who had targeted him several times in the Cloud Hall.
What's more, this time, his goal was to kill Ning Yudie!
There was no problem in seizing the position of the Cloud Hall. With Luo Zheng's current vision, a mere Cloud Hall was not very attractive to him. However, if this person wanted to kill Ning Yudie, he was courting death!
There were not many women in the world who were worthy of Luo Zheng's attention, but Ning Yudie was one of them. If anyone touched her, it would be tantamount to touching Luo Zheng's reverse scale.
When Cui Xie captured Luo Yan, Luo Zheng was no match for him, but he did not show any mercy. Moreover, Mister Zhuo was far inferior to Cui Xie.
Seeing Luo Zheng rushing toward him, Mister Zhuo's heart sank. He said with grief and indignation, "Luo Zheng, you're ruthless!"
"You're right. Since you dared to have designs on Ning Yudie, you should be prepared to die!" Luo Zheng had already taken out the long sword in his hand.
Seeing the sword light shining from the treasured sword, Mister Zhuo's face was full of despair. "Who is Ning Yudie to you? Is she worthy of your protection? Whatever she can give you, I can give you too! "
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng slashed out with his sword. His sword intent spread out in the shape of a crescent and covered Mister Zhuo. Then Luo Zheng said with a faint smile, "Sorry, I'm not interested!"
Mister Zhuo took out another spare long spear from his sumeru ring and blocked Luo Zheng's sword intent. Realizing that he could not persuade Luo Zheng, Mister Zhuo's face was full of madness. He roared, "Luo Zheng, you're nothing but Ning Yudie's exclusive property. The Cloud Hall is unfair, Ning Yudie is unfair!"
Knowing that he could not escape death, Mister Zhuo could only roar unwillingly. Now, he was doing his best to smear Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's reputation.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face showed surprise. At the same time, he said with a faint smile, "It seems that you were the one who spread the rumors in the Cloud Hall early on?"
When Luo Zheng first entered the Cloud Hall, because of Ning Yudie's special care, rumors slowly spread among the disciples, deacons, and elders. Some Cloud Hall disciples made groundless accusations that Luo Zheng was Ning Yudie's exclusive property and that Ning Yudie had taken a fancy to him.
"Yes, it's me. Am I wrong? You're a pair of adulterers! "Mister Zhuo brandished his long spear and counterattacked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng raised his hand and easily blocked Mister Zhuo's spear. Then, he slashed out three times in a row. His long sword was a high-grade sacred tool. How could Mister Zhuo's high-grade immortal tool block it? In an instant, Luo Zheng cut his sword into several pieces.
"You're wrong." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Mister Zhuo threw away the broken long spear and took out another long spear. He said coldly, "You dare to do it, but you don't dare to admit it. Luo Zheng, you're just so-so!"
This was Mister Zhuo's last resort. He couldn't defeat Luo Zheng in a direct confrontation, so he could only use such words to force Luo Zheng to distract him. Maybe he could give himself a chance to defeat Luo Zheng!
But how strong was Luo Zheng's state of mind?
He casually stabbed out with his sword. Mister Zhuo couldn't see through this move, "No Style", let alone block it. The long sword hit Mister Zhuo's chest and penetrated his heart. "I'm not Ning Yudie's exclusive property. I should put it another way. Ning Yudie is my woman."
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng pulled out the long sword, and blood spurted out from Mister Zhuo's chest. Then his body fell down like a kite with a broken string.
A heart-wrenching cry came from below. "Father!" That person was Zhuo Bufan, who was watching the battle below.
Luo Zheng glanced at Zhuo Bufan indifferently, and then flew toward the Ice Palace, leaving the people in the Cloud Hall still in shock.
They were not shocked because Luo Zheng had killed Zhuo Bufan. They were shocked because of Luo Zheng's last words. Ning Yudie was his woman?
Not to mention whether this was true or not, he dared to say this in front of so many people. This was …
Everyone could no longer describe their feelings at this time. Ning Yudie's reputation was not only in the Cloud Hall, but also in the entire Central Domain. First of all, she had a peerless appearance, unparalleled talent and status. She was an absolutely perfect woman. In their hearts, she would always be the high and mighty Hall Master, but she had actually become Luo Zheng's woman?
This sounded unbelievable to them.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng heard Xun's voice. "Hey, since when did Ning Yudie become your woman?"
Luo Zheng replied with a faint smile, "Who doesn't know how to boast?"
The Ice Palace was located at the highest point in the Cloud Hall. Although many Divine Core Sect Elders didn't leave the platform, they could see the result of the battle. Zhuo Bufan had been killed by Luo Zheng. As for the other Sect Elders who participated in the rebellion, they had completely given up on resisting.