Luo Zheng didn't care about these things. Pei Tianyao and Red Maple were recuperating, so Luo Zheng didn't want to disturb them. He walked towards Daoist Dameng and asked, "How is Palace Master?"
Daoist Dameng nodded at Luo Zheng. He knew why Luo Zheng was worried, so he said, "Palace Master should be fine."
"If she's fine, why did these guys dare to act rashly?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
If Ning Yudie was fine, even if Mister Zhuo was given a hundred guts, he wouldn't dare to rebel. Something must have happened to Ning Yudie, and this was what worried Luo Zheng the most.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Daoist Master Dameng Dream realized that Luo Zheng had misunderstood. Thus, he hurriedly explained, "The Hall Master is undergoing a life and death tribulation. That's why these guys are taking advantage of him!"
"Life and death tribulation!" Luo Zheng was shocked, then asked, "What about Grandma Yu?"
Even if Ning Yudie was trying to break through to Life and Death Realm, with Grandma Yu overseeing the Cloud Hall, how could Mister Zhuo have a chance?
"Grandma Yu went out to look for opportunities …" In fact, Daoist Dameng had also advised Ning Yudie not to try to break through to Life and Death Realm at this time. Not to mention Mister Zhuo's rebellion, this Cloud Hall didn't have a pillar to oversee the situation. If she encountered any trouble, it would be difficult to deal with it.
However, Ning Yudie insisted on breaking through at this time. The Tian Xie Sect was growing stronger day by day. She wanted to enter Life and Death Realm as soon as possible. Perhaps, she would have a chance to fight against Cui Xie!
He didn't expect that Ning Yudie's attempt to break through to Life and Death Realm would lead to such a big dispute. If not for Luo Zheng's sudden appearance, Mister Zhuo might have already led his people into the Ice Palace.
"I want to go in and take a look." Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of worry. He himself hadn't gone through a life and death tribulation, but he already knew that the death rate was very high. Every life and death tribulation was like walking around the gates of hell. If one's strength wasn't strong enough and rashly tried to pass the tribulation, there was a high chance of dying.
"This … Palace Master strictly ordered that no one is allowed to enter the Ice Palace while she's undergoing tribulation," Daoist Dameng said.
Luo Zheng shook his head and walked towards Ning Yudie. Daoist Master Dameng originally wanted to stop him, but looking at Luo Zheng's back, he didn't dare to say anything. If it weren't for Luo Zheng, the one walking in at this time would probably be Great Teacher Zhuo. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to harm Ning Yudie, so since he wanted to go in, Daoist Master Dameng would let him.
The Ice Palace was filled with dense ice mist. After pushing open the door and entering, Luo Zheng couldn't see anything. Immediately, Luo Zheng operated his Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils and could see the scene not far away.
Ning Yudie was sitting cross-legged on the ground, wearing only a thin layer of clothing. Her entire body was encased in an icicle!
Two years …
Luo Zheng stared blankly at Ning Yudie, a trace of pity appearing on his face. In two years, Ning Yudie's appearance hadn't changed in the slightest. She still retained her incomparably beautiful appearance.
After circling around the ice pillar, Xun quietly came out of Luo Zheng's body and condensed behind him. She glanced at Ning Yudie and said indifferently, "She's already at the final juncture of breaking through to Life and Death Realm. Once she breaks through, a life and death tribulation will descend."
Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and asked, "What exactly is a life and death tribulation? Is it really as terrifying as the legends say? "
"Actually, life and death tribulation is also what you Central Domain call it. In the previous session, we called this tribulation minor tribulation," Xun explained.
"Minor tribulation?"
"Yes, after Life and Death Realm, you'll face a minor tribulation. A martial artist's cultivation is originally going against the heavens, breaking through the limits of life and creating a supreme true body. Since it's going against the heavens, after cultivating to a certain point, you'll face the punishment of the heavens! The stronger the cultivation, the heavier the punishment. That's why there's a difference between minor tribulation and major tribulation! "Xun said slowly.
"Every tribulation in Life and Death Realm is a minor tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Xun sized up Ning Yudie, but suddenly shook her head, "This Ning Yudie's minor tribulation will be extremely terrifying. I'm afraid it'll be difficult for her to pass!"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
If it were someone else, Xun would definitely say that this person was overestimating himself. His talent was not strong enough, yet he still dared to cultivate this kind of technique. He was simply courting death.
Xun knew Luo Zheng's character very well. He was actually most concerned about Ning Yudie, so naturally, Xun would not say it so sarcastically. However, after thinking about it, she came up with the right words and said, "The technique she's cultivating is a technique that focuses on dispersing one's cultivation. This technique is very heaven-defying. Once it's cultivated, her strength will be far stronger than martial artists of the same level."
Luo Zheng nodded, "She's cultivating the 'Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra'. This technique is also very powerful, but it's difficult for ordinary people to cultivate."
"Difficult to cultivate is only one of the problems," Xun shook her head, "In the Upper Realm, very few people cultivate techniques that require dispersing one's cultivation. This is because this type of technique will bring about a more powerful tribulation, so many martial artists choose to avoid it."
Xun's words puzzled Luo Zheng. Back then, Qinglong had also noticed that the 'Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra' was not ordinary, but he did not tell Luo Zheng about it. "Qinglong, you didn't mention it back then!"
Qinglong, who had been silent for a long time, thought about it, then said, "Actually, there's a way to eliminate the negative effects of dispersing one's cultivation nine times … but …"
"But she's already started to break through to Life and Death Realm, so there's no chance." Xun suddenly laughed.
"Little girl, don't keep us in suspense. If that's the case, Luo Zheng has a solution too," Qinglong said again.
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "What solution? How come I don't know about it? "
When Luo Zheng asked, Qinglong and Xun fell silent again. Xun only said, "Although this minor tribulation is powerful, Ning Yudie's cultivation technique is not ordinary. It's not necessarily impossible for her to withstand the power of the minor tribulation. If she really can't withstand it, I'll tell you the solution!"
Since Xun said so, and Qinglong looked very confident, Luo Zheng did not pursue the matter. It was not the first time these guys had been so secretive. Luo Zheng had long been used to it …
Standing in the ice fog, Luo Zheng accompanied Ning Yudie for more than twenty hours. Unknowingly, a day and a night had passed. Ning Yudie still maintained the same sitting posture, sitting upright in the icicle.
At this moment, cracks finally began to appear on the huge icicle. These cracks spread rapidly. Soon, the icicle began to disintegrate little by little, turning into countless flying ice shards and falling down rapidly.
When the icicle disappeared, the sky outside the Ice Palace suddenly flashed with dazzling light, followed by deafening thunder. In the blink of an eye, the sky was covered by dark clouds!
"Is the minor tribulation coming?" Hearing the thunder outside, Luo Zheng could not help but ask.
Xun nodded and replied, "Yes, this is the vision of heaven and earth brought by the minor tribulation!"
"A minor tribulation is already so terrifying. What about the major tribulation?" Luo Zheng felt the great power coming from the sky. Even Luo Zheng felt frightened.
Xun said with a smile, "If you are powerful enough, you can trigger nine minor tribulations. Each minor tribulation will be more powerful than the one before. After passing the nine minor tribulations, you will have to face the major tribulation when you enter the Spirit Sea Realm. As for the power of the major tribulation," Xun suddenly pouted and said, "You can't imagine it for now."
The major tribulation was still far away from Luo Zheng, but the minor tribulation was approaching. As long as Luo Zheng continued to improve his cultivation and entered the peak of the False Tribulation Realm, he would also have to face the minor tribulation.
"Boom!"
At this moment, a dragon-shaped lightning struck the roof of the Ice Palace directly!
This Ice Palace was originally built like a fortress, and now the top of the Ice Palace was covered with thick icicles. However, this lightning directly blasted a big hole in the roof of the Ice Palace. Gravel, ice, broken wooden beams and other debris immediately fell into the Ice Palace.
Of course, these things could not cause any harm to Ning Yudie. She closed her eyes tightly, and streams of cold air escaped from her body. At this moment, she was facing the major tribulation of life and death from above.
She was so focused that she could not be distracted. She did not even notice that Luo Zheng was there.
Through the big hole in the roof, Luo Zheng stared at the electric dragons hovering in the sky with a serious expression and asked, "How can these electric dragons penetrate the Bounded Domain?"