The lightning dragons spiraled and slowly descended from the sky, emitting a tyrannical aura that covered the entire Cloud Hall.
After experiencing the internal strife, all the warriors in the Cloud Hall were in a state of panic. Now that they were facing such an imposing aura, it was as if the whole world was in the midst of a storm!
"The Hall Master's life and death tribulation is coming!"
"I wonder if she can survive it!"
"If the Hall Master can break through to the Life and Death Realm, it will be a good thing for our Cloud Hall!"
The Life and Death Realm was the barrier between the top experts in the Central Domain and the ordinary experts!
Judging by the current number of warriors in the Central Domain, many third grade Sects had False Tribulation Realm experts, but almost none of them had Life and Death Realm experts.
As long as there was a Life and Death Realm expert, no matter if it was a family or a Sect, it could definitely enter the ranks of fourth grade Sects. However, there were very few fourth grade Sects in the entire Central Domain. In the past, there were only Cloud Hall, Blood Wood Cliff, Mysterious Yin Mansion, and a few other Sects.
Moreover, a sect like Blood Wood Cliff indeed had a Life and Death expert in the past. However, after the Life and Death expert overseeing the sect fell during the tribulation, it was difficult for the sect to give birth to a new Life and Death expert.
From this, it could be seen that a Life and Death Realm expert had a great influence on a Sect.
Of course, a Sect's grade also needed to be measured by its comprehensive strength and foundation, but the number of experts was the most direct standard.
Luo Zheng raised his head and watched the white lightning dragons slowly descending, his face full of solemnity. The lightning dragons were so powerful, could Ning Yudie resist?
Luo Zheng was very nervous, but Xun seemed to be used to this kind of scene. She slightly looked at Luo Zheng's stiff face and said with a smile, "Don't be too nervous. Since she chose to undergo the tribulation at this time, she must be fully prepared and have great confidence."
Luo Zheng nodded and his eyes fell on Ning Yudie.
In front of the slowly descending lightning dragons, Ning Yudie's originally petite body seemed particularly small.
When the lightning dragon was less than ten feet away from her head, Ning Yudie's fair hands suddenly flipped over and a small jade tablet appeared in her hand.
She gently flipped the jade tablet, and ice phoenixes shot out from the jade tablet. Then, the cold light began to expand inch by inch, spiraling into the sky!
"What a pure Power of Law!" Looking at the Ice Phoenix in the jade token, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The Ice Phoenix contained pure Law of Ice, and Luo Zheng found the Law of Ice very unfamiliar. This meant that the Law of Ice didn't just contain the first layer of Law, but also the second layer of Law of Ice.
When the Ice Phoenixes rose into the air, they converged with the Lightning Dragons!
"Bang!"
When these two impossible Laws collided with each other, the light that erupted was extremely intense!
People in Ocean of Clouds City who were 15km away suddenly saw a dazzling ray of light appear on the horizon, and those who weren't aware of the situation would think that an enormous star had risen in the sky!
Only a very small portion of cultivators understood that it was a phenomenon of the heavens and the earth caused by the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall overcoming her life and death tribulation.
They were even more clearly aware that once Ning Yudie successfully overcame her life and death tribulation, then the situation in Ocean of Clouds City would probably be settled ….
Actually, the internal strife within the Cloud Hall didn't affect the Cloud Hall the most, and it affected Ocean of Clouds City instead.
Because most of the members of the Cloud Hall maintained a neutral attitude, and the cultivators who chose to rebel were practically the members of the various clans of Ocean of Clouds City.
They were very well aware of Ning Yudie's character. At first glance, Ning Yudie seemed like a delicate little girl. She wasn't tall, and she seemed petite and lovable. But in reality, this woman was extraordinarily forceful. Perhaps she wouldn't really remove all the clans from the list.
After all, there were too many connections between these clans and the Cloud Hall. If Ning Yudie did that, then the impact on the Cloud Hall would be too great.
But she would definitely eliminate the rebels. When it came to this, any Sect Master would be merciless.
It was exactly because of the connections between these Third Rank Clans and the Cloud Hall that some clans couldn't even flee. Not to mention that they were in troubled times now. Instead of fleeing, it was better to obediently pay for the mistakes they'd made. At the very least, these clans would still be under the protection of the Cloud Hall.
"Crack!"
Violent explosions resounded in Luo Zheng's ears. Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all, and he still stared at Ning Yudie with extreme caution.
Even though these lightning dragons were extremely formidable, it was just as Xun had said. Ning Yudie had made ample preparations. The cold light emanated from the small jade token was ceaselessly weakening the might of the lightning dragons!
Every time a layer of cold light was emitted, it would intertwine with another lightning dragon. Both sides simultaneously released the power of Law, and they melted each other!
Even though there were many lightning dragons, Ning Yudie's jade token also released a large number of ice phoenixes. Every time a lightning dragon fell, an ice phoenix would rise to meet it.
From beginning to end, not a single lightning dragon fell on Ning Yudie's body. They were all offset by the ice phoenixes.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the number of lightning dragons in the sky began to decrease. After a few sparse lightning dragons were offset by the ice phoenixes, Luo Zheng asked, "That's it?"
Xun shook her head, "Not necessarily. There are many types of Heavenly Tribulations, and their might is also different. Almost every martial artist encounters a different Heavenly Tribulation. Some martial artists only face a single wave of Heavenly Tribulation, while others often face several waves of Heavenly Tribulation. However, there is only one rule. The stronger one is, the stronger the Heavenly Tribulation!"
There were some legends among the people that believed that Heavenly Tribulation was a punishment sent down by the Heavens. In fact, this rumor was very absurd.
In fact, Heavenly Tribulation was a method of resistance by the Heavens!
As long as a powerhouse was born in this world, they would attract the attention of the Heavens. This was because the Life and Death Realm was a boundary in the path of cultivation. Breaking through the Life and Death Realm and opening the Spirit Sea, one would truly have the qualifications to threaten the Heavens!
And Heavenly Tribulation was precisely because the Heavens felt this threat that it would descend and eliminate this threat while it was still in its infancy!
There were big and small threats sensed by the Heavens. Some martial artists had amazing talent, and their strength was also extremely powerful. Naturally, the Heavenly Tribulation that descended would be extraordinarily powerful. However, some martial artists' talent was average. Relatively speaking, the Heavenly Tribulation wasn't that great.
In Xun's opinion, although Ning Yudie's 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》 was very powerful, this cultivation method itself also set up a huge obstacle for herself! Compared to other martial artists, the difficulty of her Heavenly Tribulation was much greater!
This was also one of the reasons why there were very few people in the Upper Realm who cultivated powerful cultivation methods like the 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》.
Sure enough, after Ning Yudie extinguished those lightning dragons, a new wave of power began to appear in the sky!
The rolling dark clouds slowly changed color, from black to red. The clouds in the sky were like burning clouds, as if there was a huge flame burning in the sky.
When the red clouds appeared, an invisible heat was suddenly transmitted. All the martial artists in the Cloud Hall felt the heat in the sky, and their faces changed greatly.
"This flame will not burn down the entire Cloud Hall, right?"
"I think the Hall Master shouldn't choose to undergo the Heavenly Tribulation in the Cloud Hall. The power of this Heavenly Tribulation is too great. After she passes it, the entire Cloud Hall will be destroyed!"
"If it's not in the Cloud Hall, where should it be? The martial artists outside are covetously watching. If it's targeted by the Lascivious Sect, it'll be over if it's even a little bit distracted during the Heavenly Tribulation! "
Everyone in the Cloud Hall channeled their True Essence, forming a thin layer of True Essence to resist the heat from the sky.
The power in the fire clouds was powerful, but after all, it was directed at Ning Yudie. The residual heat did not have much impact on the Cloud Hall.
This time, Luo Zheng did not speak. Xun was right. He really underestimated Ning Yudie. After all, he had been away for two years. How could Luo Zheng know what happened in these two years?
At this time, the rolling red clouds also circled down, tilting toward Ning Yudie's head.
Ning Yudie's expression remained the same, and with a slight flip of her finger, this time in addition to activating the jade tablet, her own True Qi also began to overflow little by little, and as soon as her finger gently pointed upwards, the entire ice palace began to tremble.
＝＝＝＝＝