As the Ice Palace continued to tremble, the ice pillars covering the Ice Palace all disintegrated, revealing thousands of palm-sized crystal stones.
Those crystal stones refracted a cold light at the same time, converging towards Ning Yudie's head.
At this time, a small Ice Phoenix shot out from the jade tablet. The Ice Phoenix began to devour the cold light. Amidst the cold light, the Ice Phoenix began to grow rapidly, eventually turning into a huge monster above Ning Yudie's head.
"Yo!"
The Ice Phoenix let out a cry and rushed towards the rolling red clouds with its head held high.
"Zi … …"
How terrifying was the power of the flames in the red clouds?
As the Ice Phoenix rushed into the red clouds, it began to melt and steam began to rise.
Although the Ice Phoenix was rapidly melting, the thousands of crystal stones in the Ice Palace continued to replenish its cold energy!
As the Ice Phoenix continued to wander in the red clouds, the cultivators in the Cloud Hall suddenly felt the heat slowly recede, and the feeling of being roasted slowly dissipated … …
Xun smiled faintly, "She was more prepared than I thought. The second wave of the Heavenly Tribulation was more violent than the first wave, but I didn't expect her to resolve it so quickly and easily!"
Indeed, this Heavenly Tribulation was much simpler than Luo Zheng imagined, "If this Heavenly Tribulation can be passed so easily, then this life and death tribulation is nothing more than this. It's not as terrifying as I imagined! Although the power of this Heavenly Tribulation is not small, even I can withstand it! "
"Pfft!" At this time, Xun suddenly covered her mouth and laughed, "You? Hehe, when it's your turn to face the minor Heavenly Tribulation, I'm afraid it will be ten times more powerful than this! "
After Xun finished speaking, she saw Luo Zheng staring at her blankly, so she asked, "What? You don't believe me? "
"I believe you," Luo Zheng replied.
"Then why are you looking at me like that?" Xun asked.
"I didn't expect you to smile like this. Your smile is very beautiful," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Ever since Luo Zheng obtained the Sword Spirit, Xun had been expressionless. Although she had an almost perfect appearance, her expression was very mechanical.
Later, when Smoky began to speak in the Tower of Sin, she began to emit a dominating aura. It was as if nothing in the world could enter her eyes. Anyone who stood in front of Smoky would feel short of breath. Those with a weaker aura would not even be able to raise their heads in front of her.
However, in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, Luo Zheng saw her agitated side. She was cursing at another King of the Demon Night Clan, and this was an eye-opener for Luo Zheng.
Today, Luo Zheng saw Xun's smile, and he suddenly felt a lot closer to her.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xun glared at him fiercely. Fortunately, she was now a Sword Spirit, so she didn't blush.
While the two of them were conversing, the weather in the sky changed again!
When Xun raised her head slightly, her expression changed abruptly. "The third wave is actually the Nightmare Tribulation! Why is there a Nightmare Tribulation!? "
Ever since Ning Yudie began her tribulation, Xun's expression had been very calm and relaxed. In Xun's opinion, Ning Yudie's tribulation wasn't very difficult. However, when she saw the third wave, her expression changed. Naturally, Luo Zheng's expression changed as well.
"Nightmare Tribulation?"
Xun said with a complicated expression, "There are many different types of Heavenly Tribulations. According to the statistics of the Upper Realm, there are all kinds of Heavenly Tribulations. The first wave of Heavenly Tribulation that Ning Yudie just experienced was an ordinary Thunder Dragon Tribulation, which is a very common type of Heavenly Tribulation. It's just a bit more difficult than ordinary Thunder Dragon Tribulation. The second type of tribulation is the Fire Cloud Tribulation. Ning Yudie cultivates the Law of Ice. Although the Fire Cloud Tribulation is a bit more difficult than the Lightning Dragon Tribulation, Ning Yudie has an innate advantage in her cultivation method. It won't be difficult for her to go through it! "
"But the Nightmare Tribulation is an extremely rare type of tribulation …" Xun said with a sullen expression. "I don't know what kind of fate Ning Yudie has to bear. How did she attract the Nightmare Tribulation?"
Xun said a lot in one breath, but this only made Luo Zheng even more anxious. "What's so terrifying about this Nightmare Tribulation?"
"I don't know about the Human Race. According to the statistics of the Demon Night Clan, the Nightmare Tribulation has only appeared a little over a thousand times," Xun said.
A little over a thousand times sounded like a lot, but when a cultivator entered the Life and Death Realm, they had to undergo tribulations. After the Life and Death Realm, some cultivators had to undergo tribulations three or four times, while others had to undergo tribulations seven or eight times. The Demon Night Clan controlled a vast and boundless world. How many Life and Death Realm cultivators were there in the Upper Realm? Just the number of cultivators who underwent tribulations every year was unknown. However, according to the statistics, there were only a little over a thousand Nightmare Tribulations. This was already a very small number.
"How many people have survived the Nightmare Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
Xun pursed her lips and said, "One person. This person encountered the Nightmare Tribulation when he was in the Divine Sea Realm. Of course, his cultivation was different, so the Nightmare Tribulation was a hundred times more powerful. Later, this person became a Celestial Venerable!"
Xun's words immediately caused Luo Zheng to suck in a breath of cold air. Originally, the number of martial artists who encountered the Nightmare Tribulation was already quite rare, but in these thousand over Nightmare Tribulations, there was only one person who survived? The probability was too small.
Green petals began to bloom in the sky. Those petals kept circling, slowly rolling toward Ning Yudie.
"Didn't you just say that I have a way to break the Heavenly Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked immediately.
Xun nodded and said, "If Ning Yudie can successfully pass the Heavenly Tribulation, she won't have to use that thing. If she can't, she will have to use it."
Luo Zheng immediately guessed what Xun was referring to. "You mean the Fragment of the Heavenly Way?"
"Yes." Xun nodded.
"How do I use it?" Luo Zheng wanted to take out the Fragment of the Heavenly Way and go up now to help Ning Yudie share the pressure of the Heavenly Tribulation.
However, Xun stopped him. "Let's wait and see. Don't worry. Although the Heavenly Tribulation is a cultivator's tribulation, it is also a way to temper oneself. If Ning Yudie can't withstand it, you can go up …"
"Is the Fragment of the Heavenly Way used to resist the Heavenly Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
He knew that this thing was very important, but Luo Zheng still didn't understand.
Xun smiled faintly. "If the Fragment of the Heavenly Way is only used to resist the Heavenly Tribulation, it's overkill. This Fragment of the Heavenly Way is actually not the Fragment of the current Heavenly Way."
"The current Heavenly Way? What do you mean? "This statement was really new, and Luo Zheng didn't understand.
Xun said faintly, "The current Heavenly Way is the Firmament, and the Fragment of the Heavenly Way in your hand is the Fragment of the previous Heavenly Way, which is the Winning Heaven!"
"These Heavenly Ways are different?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
At this moment, those petals floated down one by one. Luo Zheng didn't have time to ask about this. Instead, he looked at Ning Yudie, who was in the center of the ice palace, with a face full of concern.
Ning Yudie also felt the power of this Life and Death Tribulation, and her face was full of caution. She gently spread her hands, and the huge Ice Phoenix let out a long cry, turned around, and rushed toward Ning Yudie!
In the blink of an eye, Ning Yudie and the Ice Phoenix merged into one. Luo Zheng also knew that this was Ning Yudie's most complete form. The Ice Phoenix turned into layers of close-fitting armor that covered her body!
After the two merged, Ning Yudie's figure suddenly flashed, and then she soared into the sky, heading straight for the petals.
"These petals don't look scary?" Compared to the previous two Heavenly Tribulations, Luo Zheng didn't feel any power from these petals. Instead, the petals that filled the sky were like rain. What power did these petals have?
"Each petal is a Nightmare Tribulation, and the reason why this Nightmare Tribulation is so difficult to resolve is because it does not target a cultivator's physical body, but rather the soul itself," Xun frowned as she looked at Ning Yudie in the sky.
Just like what Xun had said, those petals looked like ordinary petals, and with just a light touch from Ning Yudie, the petals broke apart. However, after each petal was broken, it was like a nightmare, forming a series of illusions that rushed straight into Ning Yudie's mind!