A martial artist's soul was the most difficult part to cultivate. Very few martial artists were like Luo Zheng, who could cultivate their body and dantian while simultaneously cultivating their soul.
Ning Yudie's soul was slightly stronger than an ordinary martial artist's, but it was far from Luo Zheng's.
If there were only a few dozen Nightmares attacking Luo Zheng's soul, she could still withstand it. However, there were hundreds, or even thousands of Nightmares in front of her. How could Ning Yudie withstand it?
After a few breaths of time, Ning Yudie's face was as pale as paper, and her body began to stagger. It was difficult for her to resist.
"It's time to make a move!" Seeing Ning Yudie's appearance, Luo Zheng began to worry. Once the soul was injured, it would have a great impact on a martial artist. It could even cause irreversible damage.
"Wait a little longer," Xun still tried to stop him. "Although this Nightmare Tribulation is attacking Ning Yudie, it is also tempering her. This kind of tempering is also beneficial for her."
All martial artists grew through tempering, but Xun understood how to grasp the propriety of it.
How could Luo Zheng not understand this? However, as the saying goes, 'Concern leads to confusion'. He was concerned about Ning Yudie, so how could he bear to see her get hurt?
Just as the petals continued to hit Ning Yudie, she suddenly took out a bronze-colored medicinal pill and swallowed it. Then, Ning Yudie's face flashed with a touch of red!
Before breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, Ning Yudie had repeatedly reminded herself that she could only succeed in breaking through to the Life and Death Realm.
Now that the Tian Xie Sect was rising in the east, it had become the biggest threat in the Central Domain. The entire Central Domain had fallen into chaos because of this. And because her master was facing a life and death calamity, she had no choice but to go overseas to look for opportunities!
Ning Yudie and Granny Yu knew this very well, so did Granny Yu. Therefore, when Granny Yu left, she explained everything about the Cloud Hall before leaving.
When Granny Yu left, she let out a long sigh. She knew that this sigh was for herself, and also for Luo Zheng.
If only that little guy was still here …
Ever since the trip to the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb and Luo Zheng's strange disappearance, Ning Yudie had gone to the Chaotic Astral Ocean to search for him several times, but every time she failed.
However, she firmly believed that Luo Zheng would definitely not fall. This brat would definitely return one day!
Unfortunately, two years had passed in the blink of an eye, and Luo Zheng was nowhere to be found. She couldn't find any news about Luo Zheng in the vast central region. It was as if he had completely vanished into thin air. Even though she believed it, she was still worried.
Now that Granny Yu was missing in the Central Domain, Ning Yudie's choice to break through to the Life and Death Realm was actually a gamble!
In order to break through to the Life and Death Realm, Ning Yudie had made ample preparations. She had used almost all the resources in the Cloud Hall. For example, the jade token in her hand was borrowed from the World Business Alliance at a great cost.
If it were any other time, no matter how much Ning Yudie paid, it would be impossible for her to receive this jade token. This kind of jade token could increase the chances of passing the Life and Death Tribulation by 20%. It was a fatal attraction to any late stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist.
When Granny Yu wanted to borrow it, she was flatly rejected by the World Business Alliance.
However, with the rise of the Tian Xie Sect like a comet, the World Business Alliance became anxious. Clearly, in the entire Central Domain, only the fourth grade and above Sects could resist the Tian Xie Sect. The first to bear the brunt were the Void Spirit Sect, the World Business Alliance, and the Cloud Hall.
Normally, the competition between these three Sects was quite fierce. However, when they faced the same powerful enemy, they could only choose to band together.
One more Life and Death Realm martial artist meant one more chance to fight against Cui Xie. Even a child would understand this principle, so how could the ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance not understand it?
After obtaining this jade token, Ning Yudie finally had the confidence to break through to the Life and Death Realm.
When facing the first and second waves, Ning Yudie was indeed very successful. It was so successful that she found it hard to believe. Generally speaking, after breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, the first test of the Life and Death Tribulation wouldn't be too difficult. Some Life and Death Realm martial artists would only face one wave before passing the test.
However, Ning Yudie had to face two waves of the Life and Death Tribulation, which already exceeded the difficulty of ordinary Life and Death Tribulations. She didn't expect that she would face the third wave of the Life and Death Tribulation!
However, the third wave of the Life and Death Tribulation was actually a soul attack!
From an outsider's point of view, the petals that hit her body didn't seem to cause any harm. However, to Ning Yudie, it was a great torture!
Every time a petal hit her body, an illusory nightmare would appear in her mind. The nightmare would corrode her soul, bringing her a heart-wrenching pain.
"This, why is the third wave of the Life and Death Tribulation so difficult?" Ning Yudie's face was full of confusion!
However, although she was a woman, her heart of martial arts didn't lose to any male martial artist. Since she had chosen to break through to the Life and Death Realm, there was no turning back. Right now, she could only endure it bit by bit!
However, the pain brought about by the corrosion of the soul wasn't something that an average person could endure.
The physical pain would slowly become numb, and a person might even faint from the pain. In fact, this was also a kind of self-protection ability.
However, the pain of the soul couldn't be avoided. This pain was very subtle, but also incomparably real!
In a moment of desperation, Ning Yudie swallowed a "True Soul Pill". This pill was refined from the brain of a Shadow Beast. It could double the strength of the soul for a short period of time! The effect of this pill was heaven-defying, but it was also very precious. This "True Soul Pill" was the ancestral treasure of the Cloud Hall. It had been passed down for hundreds of years, and Ning Yudie swallowed it in one gulp.
Ever since Ning Yudie stepped into the Cloud Hall Hall Master's position, she had indeed squandered a lot of the Cloud Hall's resources. For example, when Luo Zheng was on the Rising Dragon Arena, Ning Yudie had used the Ci Lie Beast's Law Eye to block Cui Xie's punch.
However, the resources that Ning Yudie had consumed also brought many things to the Cloud Hall. Now, the Cloud Hall was a fifth-grade Sect. Moreover, because of Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall had an indestructible Sect Protecting Array.
If Ning Yudie could break through to the Life and Death Realm this time, the Cloud Hall might even become a sixth-grade Sect in the future, becoming the first Holy Land in the Central Domain.
Therefore, Ning Yudie swallowed the "True Soul Pill" without hesitation.
Just as she swallowed the "True Soul Pill", a powerful medicinal power immediately poured into her body. She suddenly felt her soul become a lot stronger, and her perception of her surroundings also became a lot clearer.
However, Ning Yudie didn't want to waste the slightest bit of soul power to perceive her surroundings. If she did so, she would discover that Luo Zheng was already standing in her Ice Palace.
Facing a life and death calamity, Ning Yudie didn't dare to be careless. She completely ignored everything in the outside world and focused all her attention to resist these damned petals.
After Ning Yudie swallowed the "True Soul Pill", the corrosive effect of the flower petals on Ning Yudie was indeed weakened. Her eyes, which were already on the verge of collapse, regained their luster as she endured the attack of the flower petals.
At this time, Ning Yudie had already endured the attacks of a hundred Nightmare Demons.
However, the petals in front of her seemed endless, and she wasn't sure if she could really endure it.
After an incense stick's worth of time, Ning Yudie's originally rosy cheeks turned pale bit by bit.
"I still can't endure it?" A trace of sorrow appeared on Ning Yudie's face. She could feel the medicinal effect of the True Soul Pill slowly fading away, but the petals in front of her were endless and didn't show any signs of weakening.
Of course, Ning Yudie didn't know how hard it was to endure this Nightmare Demon Calamity. At this time, she only thought that her strength wasn't enough.
Following the attacks of the Nightmare Demons, Ning Yudie gradually couldn't endure it anymore. She felt as if her head was stuffed with balls of fire, as if her entire head was about to be burnt.
"Did I still fail?" A sad expression appeared on Ning Yudie's face. She was very clear about the consequences of failure. The vast majority of the Life and Death Realm martial artists in the Central Domain didn't die from the exhaustion of their lifespan, but from the great calamity of life and death.