Ning Yudie narrowed her eyes slightly. At this time, her mind was already in a mess. Everything she saw was a blur.
This was what happened after the soul was damaged. Like a drunk person, it was easy to hallucinate.
She actually saw Luo Zheng …
That little sweetheart. Did she miss him too much? She actually saw such a hallucination at the moment of her death.
Ning Yudie felt very unreconciled. She felt that she had been too confident. She originally thought that she had a 70% chance of surviving this life and death tribulation. But now, it seemed that it was impossible for her to survive this life and death tribulation.
Unfortunately, she couldn't see Luo Zheng before she died. But seeing Luo Zheng's hallucination felt pretty good.
After being attacked by countless Nightmares, countless hallucinations had already appeared in her mind. Those flower petals looked like flower petals to others, but in her eyes, they were all kinds of grotesque Ominous Beasts. But now, among these grotesque Nightmares, there was one more Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng's hallucination appeared, it quickly approached her.
Ning Yudie took the initiative to stretch out her hands and hug him.
In the past, Ning Yudie had always been proud of her status. After all, the difference between her and Luo Zheng's status was too big. Although she had a good impression of Luo Zheng since the Trial Taker's Road, she was still the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. How could she express too much?
At this time, Ning Yudie didn't think so much. It was just a hallucination after all …
Luo Zheng's figure wasn't tall and sturdy, but he was very tall. What's more, Luo Zheng had grown one or two inches in the past two years. He was a head taller than the petite Ning Yudie.
She took the initiative to hug Luo Zheng like this, but her face revealed a miserable smile. Relying on a hallucination to comfort herself before her death was indeed too useless. But she still felt satisfied.
At this time, Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face. When he saw that Ning Yudie couldn't hold on any longer, he flew straight over with the Heavenly Dao fragment in his hand. He didn't expect that as soon as he approached, Ning Yudie would dive into his arms.
Luo Zheng held Ning Yudie in his arms and activated the Heavenly Dao fragment according to the method taught by Xun.
According to Xun, the characteristics of this Shard of Heavenly Axiom were very strange. It could absorb as much True Essence as there was. She asked Luo Zheng to try not to cause too big of a fluctuation, and only poured a trace of True Essence into it.
After Luo Zheng poured a trace of true essence into it, the Heavenly Dao fragment began to absorb the petals like a giant whale!
Just now, Xun had told Luo Zheng that the Heavenly Tribulation was actually sent down by the Heavens, and this fragment of Ying Tian could easily absorb it. The two different Heavenly Axioms also reinforced and restrained each other.
The effect was even better than Luo Zheng had imagined. It was almost instantaneous!
Those petals were like a whirlwind, and in the blink of an eye, they disappeared completely. As for the sky, there was no longer any power. This life and death calamity seemed to have ended.
Ning Yudie still had her eyes closed and leaned on Luo Zheng's chest. She had a faint smile on her face, but there was a faint trace of misery between her eyebrows. From time to time, she would shake her head.
Luo Zheng landed on the ground of the Ice Palace and sat down cross-legged. He placed Ning Yudie on his lap and quickly took out an emerald green medicinal pill and stuffed it into Ning Yudie's mouth. Luo Zheng had also prepared some medicinal pills for soul healing. When he left the Sea God Continent, Situ Haotian and the others also gave him a lot of good things.
This medicinal pill came from the Sea God Continent. It didn't have a grade, but it was said that the recipe was found in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. Its effect was definitely better than the medicinal pills in the Central Domain.
When Luo Zheng stuffed the medicinal pill into Ning Yudie's mouth, she frowned slightly. For a moment, she wanted to spit out the medicinal pill, but Luo Zheng forced it back. After she swallowed it, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand. There was a slight hesitation on his face, but he immediately patted her flat belly.
High-grade medicinal pills required the use of True Essence to dissolve their medicinal power.
At this time, Ning Yudie was almost in a semi-conscious state. She couldn't use True Essence to dissolve the medicinal power of the medicinal pill, so she could only let Luo Zheng do it for her.
Luo Zheng's hand poured into Ning Yudie's flat belly. Then, he gently released True Essence. Ning Yudie didn't resist. If she did, with her strength, she could completely block Luo Zheng's True Essence.
With Luo Zheng's infusion of True Essence, the medicinal pill gradually dissolved, and the medicinal efficacy began to take effect. A faint fragrance began to emanate from her body.
After a while, Ning Yudie's head gently tilted. She leaned against Luo Zheng's chest and fell into a deep sleep.
Luo Zheng was most worried that her soul wouldn't be able to recover after being damaged. Now, it seemed that the problem wasn't that big. He believed in Xun's vision. No matter what, Xun's timing was very accurate.
Just as Ning Yudie fell asleep, three people broke into the Ice Palace.
It was Daoist Master Dameng leading two Cloud Hall Elders to investigate the situation.
Since the life and death tribulation had disappeared, the result was naturally out. Whether Ning Yudie could survive the life and death tribulation was related to the fate of the entire Cloud Hall. It was impossible for Daoist Master Dameng and the others to not care.
Previously, when Ning Yudie was undergoing her tribulation, she had given a strict order. Under any circumstances, no one was allowed to enter the Ice Palace. At that time, Daoist Master Dameng didn't even want to let Luo Zheng in.
After all, one couldn't be distracted during the tribulation.
Now that the tribulation was over, they naturally rushed over.
When Daoist Master Dameng and the two Elders saw Ning Yudie sleeping in Luo Zheng's arms, they were immediately stunned. Their faces revealed strange expressions. But when they thought of some rumors in the Cloud Hall, it seemed that they weren't groundless.
However, this was other people's private matter. They didn't have the qualifications to interfere. Moreover, the feelings of a dignified Hall Master was something that subordinates like them could interfere with.
Daoist Master Dameng was just about to speak when Luo Zheng raised his finger and made a silent gesture.
The three of them understood tacitly and nodded slightly before withdrawing.
In any case, Ning Yudie had already passed through her life and death tribulation and was already a Life and Death expert.
Although Ning Yudie had only passed through her life and death tribulation once, her cultivation method was extremely special. When Ning Yudie was at the initial stage of False Tribulation, her strength wasn't any weaker than Daoist Master Dameng's. Even if Ning Yudie had just entered the Life and Death realm, her strength shouldn't be much weaker than other Life and Death experts.
Luo Zheng let Ning Yudie sleep in his arms. Her soft body seemed weightless to Luo Zheng.
Twelve to fourteen hours later, it was already the morning of the second day. The sky was just beginning to brighten. Ning Yudie's fine eyelashes faintly trembled, and her brows furrowed deeply.
Her muddled mind slowly became clear. She gently pinched her fingers and found that she seemed to be tugging on someone's clothes. Soon, her mind was filled with confusion.
'Didn't I die?'
When she realized that she was still breathing evenly, her beautiful eyes suddenly opened. She was greeted by a handsome face, and her petite body suddenly trembled!
Sensing that Ning Yudie had woken up, Luo Zheng also opened his eyes. He maintained this posture and was cultivating. Seeing Ning Yudie staring at him in a daze, Luo Zheng faintly smiled, "Awake?"
Ning Yudie pursed her lips, as if she still couldn't believe the scene before her eyes. Or perhaps, she was afraid that this was still an illusion, an incomparably realistic illusion.
She didn't hate illusions. At least, this kind of illusion gave her a very good feeling. She only hoped that even if this was an illusion, she would be able to stay in it forever. However, illusions often only lasted for a moment, and would disappear before long …
"Why aren't you speaking?" Luo Zheng asked strangely. There was even some worry on his face. Could it be that her soul was really injured and her brain was damaged?
Ning Yudie looked at the big hole in the ice palace above her head. The clouds above floated by, and the dazzling rays of the morning sun shone down on her. The morning air was mixed with slightly frantic Qi of Heaven and Earth …
This wasn't an illusion.
The previous Luo Zheng wasn't an illusion. He really did come back!
After realizing this, the corners of Ning Yudie's mouth suddenly curled up, and a burst of heartfelt joy filled her heart. Just as she was about to laugh out loud, her eyes suddenly turned red, and she burst into tears.
When Ning Yudie cried, Luo Zheng was at a loss. Why was she crying all of a sudden? Luo Zheng was even more worried. Ning Yudie's head wasn't really damaged, right? Why was she crying and laughing at the same time?
＝＝＝＝＝