Back then, after Ning Yudie was rescued and sent to the Cloud Sect to be nurtured, she carried the hatred of her entire family being annihilated. However, Ning Yudie had never cried.
In her little head, the only thought she had was to avenge her family.
Compared to the Blue Cloud Sect, the competition in the Cloud Sect was much more intense.
After all, the Blue Cloud Sect was located in a corner of the Cloud Sect. Those who competed with Luo Zheng were only children of landowning households. Those so-called great landowning households were not worth mentioning in the Central Domain.
The Cloud Sect, on the other hand, consisted of children from various third-rank aristocratic families. Although Ning Yudie was able to stand out in the Cloud Sect due to her outstanding talent, more importantly, Ning Yudie's perseverance.
At that time, she was just a little girl. Moreover, she was much smaller than the other disciples. Not to mention, she was also a foreigner. Naturally, she was constantly ostracized in the Cloud Sect.
However, Ning Yudie relied on her perseverance, gritted her teeth, and took one step at a time. Without anyone's support, she stood out among the millions of disciples in the Cloud Sect. At the same time, she also obtained the first place in the Road of Trials!
After entering the Cloud Hall, she became a dazzling star. She became Grandma Yu's disciple and was taught the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》. After dispersing her cultivation eight times, Ning Yudie was able to sit on the position of Temple Master.
Ning Yudie was not a particularly strong person. In fact, she still had the mentality of a little girl. However, she firmly suppressed all her grievances, fear, and laziness, these negative emotions deep in her heart. She had never once vented them in front of others!
Even in the face of death, she was still calm and composed.
However, even though she had such self-control, after seeing Luo Zheng, she suddenly burst into tears, unable to control herself.
As early as when competing for the Rising Dragon Platform, Ning Yudie had already secretly given her heart to Luo Zheng. This young man suddenly broke into her heart. However, at that time, Ning Yudie still had many misgivings in her heart. It was because of these misgivings that she was unable to recognize her true feelings.
Later, after igniting the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb and entering the tomb, although she obtained abundant treasures, Luo Zheng disappeared.
At that time, Ning Yudie realized how important Luo Zheng was to her.
In only two years, there was no news of Luo Zheng. Ning Yudie once sent people from the Cloud Hall to search the entire Central Domain. She even issued several missions to find Luo Zheng........ the rewards of these missions were shocking..... it was said that many disciples of the Cloud Hall shared these missions to other sects.... and even disciples of the World Business Alliance and Void Spirit Sect. and even the disciples of the World Business Sect and the other sects and even the disciples of the World to the Cloud Hall.........
Because of these missions, Ning Yudie had been criticized by many Elders of the Cloud Hall.
. but Ning Yudie made them shut up with one sentence.
First of all, those rewards were paid by Ning Yudie. Moreover, Luo Zheng's importance to the Cloud Hall was self-evident. He had the strongest sect protection array in the entire Central Domain. This kind of talent would be worshipped like an ancestor in any sect. The Cloud Hall had no reason to not value him.
But even after mobilizing countless warriors to search for Luo Zheng, there was still no news. Luo Zheng seemed to have disappeared into thin air. A year later, Ning Yudie had no choice but to cancel this mission.
Even if she couldn't find Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie firmly believed that he would appear in front of her one day.
She just didn't expect that Luo Zheng would appear so suddenly and in such a timely manner …
"Are you done crying?" Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie's jade-like face and asked.
Ning Yudie's eyes were like pear blossoms with water. After her emotions were released like a floodgate, she gradually returned to her normal state. Thinking that she had lost her composure in front of Luo Zheng, her face suddenly became embarrassed. Her face blushed, and she turned away from Luo Zheng's embrace. She pursed her lips and asked, "Luo Zheng, where have you been these two years?"
Seeing Ning Yudie instantly return to her normal state with a serious and hurried look, Luo Zheng felt funny. However, he knew that Ning Yudie was thin-skinned. Perhaps speaking to him as the Hall Master was in line with her behavior.
Luo Zheng nodded, but then he smiled mischievously. "I went to a place you don't know."
Looking at Luo Zheng's mischievous smile, Ning Yudie's small mouth twitched. "Be serious! As a disciple of the Cloud Hall, you left the Cloud Hall without permission. According to the Cloud Hall's rules, you will be punished. "
Not far away, Xun heard Ning Yudie's words and couldn't help but roll her eyes. Compared to Ning Yudie, Xun's character was more straightforward. If she were Ning Yudie, she would definitely not talk to Luo Zheng like this. Why bother suppressing her innermost thoughts?
She should just hug Luo Zheng properly. She suppressed herself, but in the end, she was the one who suffered. She deserved it, Xun thought in her heart.
To put it bluntly, Xun thought that Ning Yudie was a little "pretentious".
However, Xun didn't understand Ning Yudie's experience growing up. Two equally outstanding women had completely different experiences growing up. Ning Yudie had almost become used to suppressing her innermost feelings. Just now, she was on the verge of collapse because she was too happy, so she broke down the fence that was suppressing herself. Now that she had calmed down, she naturally returned to her original self.
However, in Luo Zheng's eyes, Ning Yudie's "pretentious" behavior was a little cute. He still smiled and replied, "Then how will you punish me?"
Ning Yudie smiled. "I haven't thought about it yet! When I think about it, I will punish you! "
However, at this moment, Xun slowly floated over from the side and said to Ning Yudie, "How about I think about it for you?"
It wasn't that Ning Yudie didn't notice Xun's existence, but she was too far away to notice Xun's movements. She thought that Xun was just Luo Zheng's sword spirit. Now that Xun floated over and spoke, Ning Yudie was shocked.
After looking at Xun, she turned to Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng, what's the matter with your sword spirit?"
Luo Zheng shrugged. "As you can see, there is a soul in my sword spirit. You can say that she is the body of the sword spirit. Her name is Xun."
"Xun? Are you an alien? "Ning Yudie stared at Xun and asked. There was a hint of vigilance in her eyes.
Ning Yudie had been very curious for a long time. Why would Luo Zheng turn his sword spirit into such a beautiful woman? This woman, from her hair to her footsteps, from her face to her figure, was perfect except for a pair of pointed ears. Even Ning Yudie couldn't be compared with her. After all, Ning Yudie's height was a shortcoming.
Xun's height was almost the same as Luo Zheng's, so Ning Yudie was also a head shorter than Xun.
Xun glanced at Ning Yudie indifferently. How could she not feel a hint of hostility from Ning Yudie?
Ning Yudie had watched Luo Zheng enter the Cloud Hall and rise rapidly. She considered herself to be Luo Zheng's Hall Master, mentor, and guide. Moreover, she had already developed feelings of love for Luo Zheng. Therefore, when a strange woman suddenly appeared by Luo Zheng's side, even though she was only his sword spirit, she still felt some fear and vigilance.
Xun stood at a very high position, so she could see everything clearly. She had lived for a very long time, so she understood human nature better than Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. Facing Ning Yudie's question, Xun smiled faintly. "Yes, I am from the Yao Ye Clan."
The Demon Clan and the Yao Clan had appeared in the Central Domain before, but the Yao Ye Clan had never appeared before. Ning Yudie was completely unfamiliar with this clan. Seeing Xun's smile, Ning Yudie felt a wave of displeasure. Therefore, she asked again, "Why are you staying by Luo Zheng's side?"
Xun blinked, a mischievous look in her eyes. Since you like to suppress your feelings, then I'll let you suppress it a little more. She giggled. "I am Luo Zheng's sword spirit. We were originally one."
Originally one … …
These words sounded very ambiguous, as if they were a conversation between lovers. Before Luo Zheng found a new body for Xun, Xun would always exist in the form of a sword spirit. Moreover, she would always reside in Luo Zheng's body.
Xun's words were indeed correct.
Ning Yudie frowned and stared at Luo Zheng. Clearly, she wanted Luo Zheng to explain the reason.
At this time, Luo Zheng said to Xun, "Xun, don't talk nonsense. It's a long story. I'll explain it to you later. Right now, you still have to deal with the Cloud Hall."