"Something about the Cloud Hall? What's the matter? "Ning Yudie's eyes flashed.
"You'll know when we get out." Luo Zheng turned and walked towards the entrance of the ice palace.
At this moment, Ning Yudie and Xun looked at each other. Xun looked at Ning Yudie deeply. They seemed to understand something from each other's eyes.
Then, Xun turned into sword spirits and merged into Luo Zheng's body. Her consciousness was hidden in Luo Zheng's body. Her consciousness was curled up like a baby lying in Luo Zheng's body. Her face was slightly disappointed.
At this moment, Qinglong's consciousness secretly communicated with Xun. "Little girl, what are you disappointed about?"
Xun replied coldly, "Don't talk to me!"
The Azure Dragon was rebuffed and could only chuckle. On the other hand, the Red Dragon laughed and said, "This little girl also has something on her mind!"
"You keep calling me a little girl. Even if you're true dragons, you might not be older than me!" Xun replied coldly.
Xun was a half-step Sector Lord in the upper realm. Moreover, she was the ruler of the demon night clan. She was the spiritual totem of the entire demon night clan. With her experience, she really didn't care about the old dragons in Luo Zheng's mind.
Xun also knew about the true dragon world and the origin of the nine true dragons. However, they lived in Luo Zheng's mind while Xun was Luo Zheng's sword spirit. Everyone relied on Luo Zheng and didn't interfere with each other's business.
Now that Xun was in a bad mood, she wouldn't have anything good to say to them.
"You warriors don't measure your age by age. That's what mortals say. With your current attitude, if you're not a little girl, what are you? "Red Dragon didn't mind.
Xun closed her eyes and didn't say anything. She was still very depressed.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what had happened inside his body. Speaking of which, Luo Zheng's body was quite crowded. Not only were there nine true dragons, but there was also Smoke. As for the black fire in the mysterious furnace, it seemed to have its own consciousness, but its intelligence was relatively low …
Daoist Master Big Dream and the other two False Tribulation elders were still waiting outside the ice palace. The scene just now had truly frightened them.
However, Ning Yudie was finally alright, which was enough to make them feel gratified. As for the relationship between the Palace Master and Luo Zheng, they didn't need to guess. They could just pretend that they didn't see anything!
Fortunately, Ning Yudie didn't know that Daoist Master Big Dream and the others had already entered. Otherwise, she would have a psychological burden.
After strolling out of the Ice Palace, she faintly glanced at Daoist Dameng and immediately said, "Dameng, Luo Zheng said something happened in the Cloud Hall when I was attacking the Life and Death Realm. What happened? Was it serious? "
Daoist Master Big Dream hurriedly came forward and bowed before saying, "Replying to the Palace Master, a few days ago when you were attacking the Life and Death Realm, Mister Zhuo led the Zhuo, Fei, Shen, and other aristocratic families in a rebellion!"
"What!" Ning Yudie's expression changed. She didn't expect that a rebellion would happen when she was attacking the Life and Death Realm.
Although Ning Yudie already knew that Mister Zhuo wasn't convinced and was brooding over Ning Yudie's position, this had never happened in the Cloud Hall before.
However, such a thing had never happened in the history of Cloud Palace. One had to admit that Ning Yudie was too naive and inexperienced. If it were the previous Palace Masters of Cloud Palace, they would not have chosen to break through to Life and Death Realm at this time.
"However, the rebellion has already been quelled. Mister Zhuo was personally killed by Luo Zheng, and the other rebels have already been captured!" Daoist Master Big Dream reported.
Ning Yudie took a deep breath, and her expression gradually turned cold, "Looks like those third rank aristocratic families aren't convinced. Then let's make them understand who the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall is!"
Before long, the entire Cloud Hall slowly floated towards Cloud Sea City. The Cloud Hall floated above Cloud Sea City all year round, and it would only leave Cloud Sea City temporarily when something major happened.
Many third rank aristocratic families in Cloud Sea City were looking forward to it!
Although the rebellion was led by Mister Zhuo, it was also the result of the support of many third rank aristocratic families. All the third rank aristocratic families in Cloud Sea City were extremely disappointed that Ning Yudie had taken the position of Palace Master. This position originally belonged to the Zhuo Family, Chen Family, Fei Family, and Wu Family!
Now, it had fallen into the hands of an outsider, and it was even a little girl. How could these third rank aristocratic families swallow this insult?
So, as soon as Mister Zhuo stepped forward, he quickly obtained the support of the other third rank aristocratic families. The Patriarch of the Fei Family, Fei Longxiang, even personally stepped forward and participated in the rebellion. However, the dignified Patriarch of the Fei Family was instantly annihilated by Hua Tianming!
However, news of what happened in the Cloud Hall hadn't spread to Cloud Sea City. After the Cloud Hall left Cloud Sea City, all information about it had been completely sealed off. For the sake of avoiding any accidents, Mister Zhuo didn't allow any cultivators to enter or leave after he activated a barrier!
So, the news of Fei Longxiang's death and Mister Zhuo's death at the hands of Luo Zheng hadn't spread from the Cloud Hall, and many aristocratic families in Cloud Sea City weren't aware of it as well.
"Look! The Cloud Hall is back! "A cultivator from the Zhuo Family said.
"Looks like Mister Zhuo has probably succeeded. That little bitch Ning Yudie has probably been executed, right?" It was a cultivator from the Fei Family who spoke. He smacked his lips and said, "What a pity. Such a tasty beauty has fallen just like that. It's quite a waste!"
The Patriarch of the Chen Family said worriedly, "But the two deacons of the Cloud Sect reported that Luo Zheng went to the Cloud Hall a few days ago. Has Luo Zheng really returned?"
"Hmph! Luo Zheng? Even if he has returned, he might not be able to enter the Cloud Hall. That Sect Protecting Formation … "Another cultivator was halfway through his sentence when the Patriarch of the Chen Family interrupted him," The Sect Protecting Formation was set up by Luo Zheng himself. I presume Luo Zheng has a way to break it! "
At this moment, the Patriarch of the Wu Family said, "So what if he can break it? Mister Zhuo has led so many False Tribulation Realm experts. How can a mere Luo Zheng resist them? "
The Patriarch of the Chen Family shook his head, "I'm just slightly worried. I keep having a bad premonition."
"Don't worry. Once our Zhuo Family takes control of the Cloud Hall, our four great families won't be left behind!" A cultivator from the Zhuo Family said complacently. Once Mister Zhuo succeeded, his Zhuo Family would be the biggest beneficiary!
While they were speaking, the Cloud Hall had already floated to the sky above Cloud Sea City.
The Cloud Hall that had disappeared for a long time had returned. Many mortals walked out and looked up at it.
Even though these mortals lived in Cloud Sea City and there were countless cultivators around them, they didn't care much about the disputes, wars, and killings in the world of cultivators. In their eyes, the Cloud Hall would always be a lofty existence. Those who could enter the Cloud Hall were immortals who had been reborn and were worthy of their worship. As for the Cloud Hall itself, it was a miraculous existence and the most beautiful scenery in Cloud Sea City!
"Let's go up!" A cultivator from the Fei Family said with a smile.
"Let's go!"
"What's wrong with Mister Zhuo? Could it be that he doesn't even want to show his face after becoming the Hall Master?"
Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!
Swoosh! Over 10 figures flew towards the Cloud Hall. But just as they were halfway there, they suddenly felt a dense cold energy envelop them.
That cold energy contained waves of killing intent, and it instantly caused their hearts to palpitate. Fear instantly transformed into sharp claws that grabbed their hearts.
Even those slow-witted mortals felt an extremely powerful aura emanate from the Cloud Hall.
There was an independent platform built at the edge of the Cloud Hall. That independent platform was extended by a stone pillar that was a few feet wide. Ning Yudie was standing on that small platform. She wore her Mystic Ice Armor, and her long Ice Phoenix Plume Pendant was about 10 meters long. It hung down from behind Ning Yudie and swayed in the air. Her straight and well-proportioned legs were pressed together.
Ning Yudie's cold gaze looked down at Cloud Sea City. At the same time, she suddenly released her aura. That extremely cold aura wasn't inferior to any male cultivator!
"This aura … It's a Life and Death Realm expert!"
"This is Ning Yudie's aura. She has succeeded in breaking through to the Life and Death Realm!"
"Oh no! Oh no! Did Mister Zhuo fail? Or did he not make a move? "