As the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie already had absolute control over the Cloud Hall when she was at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
The position of Hall Master was just an empty title. If she wanted to subdue the Elders, Deacons, and disciples of the Cloud Hall, she needed her own strength.
Ning Yudie's strength was only below Granny Yu's.
The great clans' calculations were very good. Taking advantage of Ning Yudie's tribulation to launch an attack, they chose the right time.
Because Ning Yudie chose to undergo tribulation at this time, the great clans even mocked Ning Yudie when they were plotting the rebellion. In the end, she was only a little girl. Although her talent was outstanding, she couldn't calculate the complexity of the human heart.
Unfortunately, luck wasn't on their side. Luo Zheng being able to appear at the right time was Luo Zheng's luck, and also Ning Yudie's luck!
Now that Ning Yudie had stepped into the Life and Death Realm, it was difficult for anyone in the Cloud Hall to have any thoughts of rebellion!
How complicated were the feelings of the great clans' Clan Heads at this moment? How fearful were they?
Ning Yudie's body gently tilted forward, her entire body falling head first towards the ground. Her long Ice Phoenix feathers trailed behind her, making her look like a Phoenix descending from the sky.
Soon after, Luo Zheng, Daoist Dameng, and the group of False Tribulation Realm Elders followed closely behind. They left the Cloud Hall one after another and flew towards the martial artists of the great clans.
After landing to a certain distance, Ning Yudie suddenly froze in mid-air, staring coldly at the Patriarchs and said, "Mister Zhuo has already been executed, I don't know what the Patriarchs have to say about the rebellion. What explanation do you have for the rebellion? Don't tell me that you didn't know about it? "
The Cloud Hall was above the Cloud Sea City, and it also protected the great clans' steady development. The two sides complemented each other, and now it had come to this.
The Family Heads of the third rank families all stared blankly at Ning Yudie. They were all speechless!
The heads of these aristocratic families all had families and mouths to feed. If it wasn't for the fact that they had absolute confidence, they wouldn't have tried to overthrow Ning Yudie. But now, they realized that this so-called "absolute confidence" was nothing more than a joke.
"I know that all of you feel that the Cloud Hall is in my hands, and it has always been a thorn in your hearts." Ning Yudie continued, "But today, I want to say that the Cloud Hall doesn't belong to your Fei Clan, nor does it belong to the Shen Clan. The Cloud Hall is the Cloud Hall. It's a fifth-grade sect in Cloud Sea City!"
In the eyes of these aristocratic families, the Cloud Hall had to belong to them. Indeed, in the early days of the Cloud Hall, these aristocratic families had made great contributions to the Cloud Hall. But when these aristocratic families promoted the Cloud Hall, they obtained considerable benefits as well!
However, they'd forgotten that they weren't the only people in the Cloud Hall. There were many cultivators from other regions as well. If a sect wanted to flourish, it absolutely couldn't rely on just a few aristocratic families. It had to rely on tens of thousands of cultivators, countless elites, and geniuses to develop bit by bit!
The expressions of the Family Heads dimmed. They didn't even have the chance to escape, and they could only be at Ning Yudie's disposal. They'd developed in Cloud Sea City for so many years, and their foundations were deeply rooted in the city. How could they leave so easily?
Not to mention that they were in troubled times now, and they could still preserve their lives under the protection of the Cloud Hall. If they left Cloud Sea City, it would be impossible for a third rank family to find a place to stay.
It didn't take long for the Family Heads to lower their heads. Among them, the Chen Family Head said, "I'm at your disposal, Hall Master."
Ning Yudie grunted coldly, "Since it's like that, then your four aristocratic families will be removed from the Cloud Hall! Exterminated!"
As soon as Ning Yudie spoke, the expressions of the cultivators from the Zhuo, Chen, Fei, and Wu Families changed drastically.
Not only that, but the expressions of Daoist Dameng, Luo Zheng, and the Void Tribulation Realm cultivators behind them changed drastically as well. Never had they imagined that Ning Yudie would actually be so ruthless!
The Chen Family Head knew that he would face severe punishment from Ning Yudie. Rebellion was unforgivable in any sect. However, he thought that since the four aristocratic families were the pillars of the Cloud Hall, they were inextricably linked to the Cloud Hall. Most of the cultivators from the four aristocratic families were in the Cloud Hall. From disciples to Deacons to Elders, there were people from the four aristocratic families!
Even among the Elders behind Ning Yudie, there were people from the four aristocratic families, such as Fei Han and the others. However, although Fei Han belonged to the Fei Family, he strongly opposed the rebellion. In the end, he chose a neutral position and didn't want to help.
Even if Ning Yudie wanted to punish them, it was impossible for her to truly exterminate the four aristocratic families. That would implicate too many people.
They never imagined that Ning Yudie would directly make such an announcement. Naturally, they were frightened.
Seeing the dark faces of these Family Heads, Ning Yudie sneered and said, "Now, do you know fear?"
"Hall Master, our four aristocratic families …" The Wu Family Head was about to speak.
Ning Yudie simply interrupted the Wu Family Head's words, "Shut up! When you rebelled, you naturally wanted to take my life, so why can't I take your lives today? Could it be … you think that because I, Ning Yudie, am a woman, you can bully me? "
Ning Yudie's words hit the nail on the head. They really thought that she was a little girl, too easy to bully!
Only now did they understand that Ning Yudie's methods weren't inferior to any of the previous Hall Masters.
"Hall Master, now that the Tian Xie Sect is closing in step by step, the Cloud Hall is in need of people. Isn't this too …" Daoist Master Dameng stood up and pleaded for leniency on behalf of the four aristocratic families.
There were too many people who wanted to move against the four aristocratic families. If Ning Yudie really did this, the entire Cloud Hall would be in chaos. He was afraid that Ning Yudie would really throw a tantrum and ignore the big picture.
Ning Yudie sneered and continued, "Big Dream is right. Since that's the case, your heads will be put on my tab. Also … those elders who were captured, your four aristocratic families can redeem them with ransom. One thousand top-grade true essence stones per person!"
Ning Yudie naturally wouldn't do such a stupid thing. She also calculated that someone would come out to stop her. Throwing out such ruthless words was just to scare people. When Daoist Master Dameng came out, she would use Daoist Master Dameng's words as a way to step down and then take the opportunity to extort them.
Under this kind of carrot and stick, the effect was really surprisingly good.
It had to be said that at this time, even Luo Zheng and Daoist Master Dameng admired Ning Yudie. They also admired Grandma Yu's vision even more. Ning Yudie indeed had the ability to take charge of the Cloud Hall. This ability wasn't just worthy of Ning Yudie's talent.
When the several family heads heard Ning Yudie's words, they immediately breathed a sigh of relief. The Hall Master intended to let them go, but when they heard that one thousand top-grade true essence stones would be used to redeem one person, their faces suddenly revealed a bitter expression.
Top-grade true essence stones were the largest currency in the Central Domain. Even when these Patriarchs passed through their hands, they would only use medium-grade and high-grade true essence stones to settle their transactions. A single top-grade true essence stone was equal to a million low-grade true essence stones, and a thousand top-grade true essence stones were equal to a billion low-grade true essence stones!
In the past, the Cloud Hall had spent several thousand top-grade true essence stones in order to cooperate with Luo Zheng in drawing up the Sect Protecting Great Array. It had almost taken away half of the Cloud Hall's wealth. The entire Cloud Hall only had a little over ten thousand top-grade true essence stones!
However, the four great families were different from the Cloud Hall. Each family had their own businesses and businesses. Under the protection of the Cloud Hall, their annual income was quite rich. However, if one person was worth one thousand top-grade true essence stones, then twenty Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists would be worth over twenty thousand top-grade true essence stones!
Even if the four great families emptied their pockets, it would still be difficult to gather this much!
"Hall Master … this, this is too expensive! I'm afraid our Wu Family won't be able to gather this much! "The Wu Family Head said with a bitter expression.
Ning Yudie coldly snorted, "Whether you can gather enough or not, you can think of a way. If you can't gather enough, then kill the rest!"
The family heads exchanged glances, not knowing what to say. Ning Yudie's action seemed benevolent, but in fact, she was taking advantage of the opportunity to seize all of the savings of the four great families!
Martial artists also recognized money. After their family's wealth was emptied, the impact the four great families would suffer was unimaginable.
Seeing the bitter expressions of the family heads, Luo Zheng floated in front of Ning Yudie and said with a grin, "If you can't gather enough, I have a way to help you!"
"What way?" The Wu Family Head stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng chuckled, "Pay in installments."
＝＝＝＝＝