The Cloud Hall's main purpose was to nurture stronger martial artists, and its main source of income was the issuance of various missions.
Disciples would receive rewards after accepting missions, but the bulk of the rewards would fall into the hands of the Cloud Hall. However, this method of earning money was obviously not as fast as those aristocratic families.
The various clans and clans had their own mines, ticket companies, and even the teleportation formations in Ocean of Clouds City were built by them. For example, the teleportation formation between Ocean of Clouds City and Heavenly Awakening City had to pay a toll for every single person who entered it.
Moreover, Cloud Sea City had tens of millions of mortals. Although these mortals couldn't compare to martial artists, and the currency they used to trade with was gold and silver, it was still an astronomical figure. This gold and silver could be slowly converted into low-grade true essence stones during the process of trading with martial artists, and then converged into mid-grade true essence stones, and finally fell into the hands of the aristocratic families.
These aristocratic families really couldn't take out so many top-grade true essence stones in a single breath. Even the Cloud Hall couldn't take out 20,000 top-grade true essence stones in a single breath, but it didn't matter. Luo Zheng's plan was very simple. If they couldn't take it out, they would owe it and pay a portion of it every year.
"Remember, there's still interest!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
When the several Family Heads heard Luo Zheng's words, the corners of their mouths twitched. Ning Yudie was already fierce enough, and this Luo Zheng wasn't much worse. How could the younger generation be so fierce? Their cultivation speed was terrifying, their talent and strength were frightening, and all of them were ruthless masters!
But today, they had to accept it even if they didn't want to. How could they have a choice?
After reaching an agreement, these Family Heads hurriedly returned home to gather true essence stones. Luo Zheng didn't stay, but went straight to the Cloud Hall. Before this, he didn't have much time to gather with Hua Tianming and the others. A few days ago, he was worried about Ning Yudie, so he didn't say a word to Hua Tianming and the others. Now that he was back, he naturally had to have a good chat.
Ning Yudie originally wanted to call out to Luo Zheng, but when the words reached her mouth, she swallowed them back down.
When Daoist Big Dream saw Ning Yudie's expression, he naturally didn't dare to speak. Personal feelings, personal feelings, as subordinates, it wasn't good for them to get involved.
In a small pavilion in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Baili Hongfeng were gathered together. The table was filled with exquisite dishes and strong liquor. With their cultivation, even if they drank a hundred barrels of strong liquor, they would not get drunk, but they had not seen each other for a long time, so they had to drink to liven things up.
Hua Tianming downed the wine in his cup and wiped it with his sleeve. He smiled bitterly and said, "I thought I might be able to fight you after I opened my Sword Eye. Now, it seems like I was thinking too much."
This was Hua Tianming's personality, he would never admit defeat!
When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, Hua Tianming treated Pei Tianyao and Luo Zheng as his biggest rivals. But, after he left the Blue Cloud Sect and entered the Cloud Hall, Hua Tianming gradually surpassed Pei Tianyao. But, during the Martial Dao Competition in Heavenly Awakening City, Hua Tianming realized that the gap between him and Luo Zheng was getting bigger and bigger. They were no longer on the same level.
Even so, Hua Tianming didn't give up. He still focused on comprehending the Heavenly Sword he was cultivating.
This continued until Hua Tianming awakened his Heavenly Eye, allowing him to gather the Force of the Heavens!
With this, Hua Tianming's overall strength had skyrocketed!
How many people in the Central Domain could kill three Void Tribulation warriors with a single strike? What was even scarier was that Hua Tianming was only at the Mid Divine Core realm! A Mid Divine Core warrior was equivalent to a fifth to sixth rank warrior. Even Luo Zheng couldn't do this when he was at his current level!
At this moment, Hua Tianming felt that he could fight Luo Zheng. But, Luo Zheng had been missing for a long time, and he had no idea what level Luo Zheng had reached.
But, two years later, Luo Zheng had reappeared, and his cultivation had reached the Void Tribulation realm. The gap between him and Luo Zheng wasn't shrinking, it was growing.
"Brother Hua Tianming, don't underestimate yourself. With your Heavenly Eye, as long as you have enough time, let alone a Void Tribulation warrior, even a Life and Death warrior won't be able to withstand it, right?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Hua Tianming shook his head, "I know my own strength. Besides, there are too many restrictions when using the Heavenly Eye, and I can only unleash a single strike. When fighting a warrior, I won't have enough time to unleash a second strike. You, can you dodge my first strike?"
There was a limit to everything in the world. Hua Tianming's Heavenly Sword was indeed a heaven-defying skill, but it was impossible for it to be perfect. If a Divine Core warrior could really kill a Life and Death warrior, then the world would be thrown into chaos.
As long as his opponent could dodge Hua Tianming's first strike, his strength would only be equivalent to an ordinary Divine Core genius. Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng nodded his head. It was useless to be modest with Hua Tianming, Luo Zheng was confident that he could dodge his first strike.
"I, I can dodge it too!" At this moment, Baili Hongfeng who was standing aside spoke. He was quite confident in his movement skill.
Hua Tianming gazed at Red Maple coldly. "Indeed, you can dodge my first strike, but so what?"
Red Maple's movement skill was indeed strange. Even some False Tribulation Realm warriors couldn't unleash such a powerful movement skill. However, rather than describing it as a movement skill, Red Maple's movement skill was more like an escape skill. His strength was far weaker than Hua Tianming's, so even if he could dodge Hua Tianming's first strike, he still had no chance of winning if he fought Hua Tianming head on.
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Red Maple immediately shut his mouth. On the other hand, a faint smile emerged on Pei Tianyao's face, as if he was used to their conversation.
"Oh right, I have some gifts for you guys." Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"What is it? What is it?!" Hearing this, Red Maple immediately stared at Luo Zheng with his eyes lit up.
"You don't have a share!" Hua Tianming coldly said.
Red Maple revealed a pitiful expression. "Why don't I have a share …"
Luo Zheng immediately took out a longsword from his spatial ring. This was a low-grade saint rank longsword. This longsword wasn't the one Luo Zheng obtained in the True Dragon World, but rather from the Purple Heart Holy Land.
On the Sea God Continent, saint artifact level weapons weren't too rare. In the Sin Tower, almost all of the geniuses were equipped with saint artifacts. Of course, they were all low-grade saint artifacts. There were a few martial artists that were equipped with medium-grade saint artifacts, but high-grade saint artifacts were still very rare. In comparison, the martial artists of the Central Domain were a bit shabby.
In the entire Central Domain, there weren't many saint artifacts. There were only a few low-grade saint artifacts, but they were still treasures among treasures. They could almost become the most precious treasures of a sect. It was even believed that saint artifacts could bring great fortune to a sect.
So when Luo Zheng took out this low-grade saint rank longsword, Hua Tianming and Red Maple's eyes widened. Even the usually calm Pei Tianyao's eyes were wide open!
"Luo Zheng, you aren't planning on giving this sword to Hua Tianming, are you? Giving it to him is too wasteful! "Red Maple quickly said.
"What did you say!" Hua Tianming coldly glared at Red Maple, a faint sword shadow condensing in his eyes.
Red Maple's figure suddenly flashed and disappeared from his position, hiding behind Pei Tianyao. "That's right! Giving you a saint artifact is a waste! It's better to give it to me! "
"Luo Zheng, is this the gift you were talking about?" Pei Tianyao asked cautiously.
"Give this sword to Hua Tianming. What a swordsman needs the most is a good sword." Luo Zheng was also a swordsman, so he was very clear about the importance of a sword to a swordsman.
Hua Tianming took a deep breath, his eyes full of fanaticism. He firmly stared at the low-grade saint artifact, but in the end, he shook his head. "Luo Zheng, I can't accept it. A saint artifact is too precious!"
Even the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance only had one or two saint artifacts. But this saint artifact was going to be given to Hua Tianming. In Hua Tianming's eyes, this couldn't be described as precious, but he couldn't think of any other words to describe it.
Looking at Hua Tianming's eyes, he couldn't wait to swallow the sword. Luo Zheng smiled. "Don't refuse. A saint artifact may be precious in your eyes, but it's nothing to me."
"Nothing to you …" Red Maple felt his jaw drop to the ground. "Luo Zheng, where have you been for the past two years?!"
Pei Tianyao was also speechless.
After Luo Zheng took out the low-grade saint artifact, he also took out a pair of short swords. There were a total of four short swords, but they were a pair of mother and child swords. So normally, there were only two mother swords, and the other two child swords were sheathed in the mother sword.
"This pair of short swords is also a low-grade saint artifact." Luo Zheng finished speaking and glanced at Red Maple.
"It can't be, it can't be for me, right?" Red Maple looked at the pair of short swords, his whole body trembling.