There were only three people in front of Luo Zheng. Hua Tianming was a swordsman, so he definitely didn't use this kind of short sword. Pei Tianyao didn't use a sword at all.
The only person who was suitable to use this kind of short sword was Red Maple.
How could he not be excited when he saw this pair of short swords?
Red Maple was most proud of his elusive movement technique. However, his strength wasn't strong enough. In the end, his elusive movement technique could only be used as a means to escape.
If he had a pair of sacred tools, he could make up for his weakness in attack.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded to Red Maple.
Red Maple's hands stretched out like lightning. Even Luo Zheng didn't see it clearly before the pair of short swords fell into his hands. Such speed made Luo Zheng and the others feel ashamed. Hua Tianming stared at Red Maple.
Pei Tianyao was the most steady. He had a faint smile on his face. His cultivation technique focused on cultivating Buddha's nature. When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, his strength was higher than Hua Tianming's.
However, the inheritance of Buddhism wasn't prosperous. Even the most famous Ten Thousand Law Temple could barely be considered a third grade sect. It lacked a way to improve, so Pei Tianyao could only rely on his Buddha's nature to comprehend. Relatively speaking, his speed of improvement was slower than Hua Tianming's.
Pei Tianyao didn't use any weapons. Instead, Luo Zheng had prepared a low-grade sacred artefact defensive artefact for him. This defensive artefact could be used in tandem with his Indestructible Body, allowing his defensive power to reach a terrifying level.
However, even if the three of them obtained low-grade sacred tools, they didn't dare to use them in front of others.
The Central Domain wasn't like the Sea God Continent. There were pitifully few sacred tools. Only Life and Death Realm experts or late False Tribulation Realm experts were qualified to possess sacred tools. If they took these sacred tools out to carry out missions, others would probably shift their attention to them.
While the 4 of them were having a small gathering here, a woman with an elegant expression was slowly descending into the city.
After Luo Zheng left Xi Youqin in Sunfire City, she hesitated for a long time before flying towards Ocean of Clouds City.
It just so happened that the world was in chaos. Along the way, people saw that she was a delicate girl who didn't have the slightest bit of Jianghu habits and didn't know much about the rules. Naturally, she was targeted by many martial artists.
If it was the previous Xi Youqin, then it would be practically impossible for her to arrive safely at Ocean of Clouds City. However, after she fully activated the Extreme Violet Yin Physique, her strength was extremely formidable.
Those warriors who had their eyes on Xi Youqin were out of luck. Initially, they thought Xi Youqin was an inexperienced warrior, and even if she was a Divine Core warrior, she wouldn't pose a threat to them. However, when she attacked, she immediately unleashed hundreds of gigantic swords, instantly turning them into minced meat. They didn't even have a chance to escape!
The most exaggerated thing was when she passed by Wild Goose City a day ago.
Wild Goose City was a very small city, and there wasn't even a single sect around it.
The situation in the Central Domain had been very unstable for the past two years, and some independent warriors didn't want to join any big sects or Seductive Sect. Therefore, they settled down in some small cities, and some even formed their own sects. However, these small sects weren't recognized by any of the big sects in the Central Domain.
These independent warriors weren't restricted by any sects, and most of them weren't good people. Instead of calling Wild Goose City a city, it was more accurate to call it a bandit's nest, and they specialized in robbing warriors who passed by.
If it was in the past, some fourth or even fifth grade sects would come and clean up these bandit's nests. With the overall strength of the Cloud Hall and Void Spirit Sect, cleaning up these bandit's nests was just a simple task. But now, these big sects couldn't even take care of themselves, so how could they have the time to do something like this?
Xi Youqin didn't know what was going on, so she just barged into the city. She wanted to take a short rest before continuing her journey to Ocean of Clouds City.
Just like before, no matter where she went, there would be people eyeing her. She instantly killed dozens of independent warriors in Wild Goose City!
After killing these independent warriors, Xi Youqin could only set off in a panic. Even though she had killed many people along the way, she was still not used to such slaughter. It was said that the world of warriors was cruel, and she was well aware of that. But after experiencing it for herself, she finally understood that this cruelty was practically unbearable for her.
However, Xi Youqin didn't expect that she would stir up a hornet's nest by killing those warriors. Most of the warriors in Wild Goose City were independent warriors who had gathered here. When they heard the commotion, they rushed over one by one. When she saw that more and more people were surrounding her, Xi Youqin had no choice but to summon over a million giant swords!
The might of a single giant sword was already so shocking. Over a hundred giant swords were enough to annihilate everything within 300 meters of her! The might of over a million giant swords that suddenly slashed down was almost unimaginable!
The entire Wild Goose City was obliterated by the giant swords she summoned, and the tens of thousands of independent warriors in Wild Goose City were obliterated along with them!
The Extreme Violet Yin Physique really did possess the might to destroy the world.
When she saw this scene, even Xi Youqin was shocked. She staggered out of Wild Goose City and ran madly towards Cloud Sea City. Her flying speed was too slow, so Xi Youqin only arrived at Cloud Sea City now.
After arriving at Cloud Sea City, Xi Youqin didn't really want to enter the city. She couldn't understand why every single warrior was targeting her.
After observing Cloud Sea City for a while, Xi Youqin discovered the Cloud Hall above the city.
"If Luo Zheng wants to return to Cloud Sea City, then he should naturally be in the Cloud Hall right now!" Xi Youqin's eyes flashed, and she circulated her True Essence and flew towards the Cloud Hall.
However, she had just flown halfway when she discovered that she seemed to be blocked by a transparent barrier.
"Is this barrier the Great Sect Protection Array set up by Luo Zheng?" Although Xi Youqin had never left Void Sky City, she was still quite knowledgeable. She could speak eloquently about the various Sects in the Central Domain, but she lacked the necessary experience.
When she thought of Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin's expression became complicated. Then, she circled around the barrier and arrived at the entrance of the Cloud Hall.
There were several guards standing at the entrance. When those guards discovered that there was someone outside the Cloud Hall, one of them flew over and asked in a stern voice, "Who is loitering outside the Cloud Hall? Leave immediately!"
Xi Youqin faintly felt wronged when she was scolded like this. Even when she went to the Void Spirit Sect, who would dare to scold her like this to her face? Ever since she left Void Sky City, she suddenly discovered that everything had changed.
It was just that along the way, Xi Youqin had suffered a lot. If it were in the past, she would have taught this guard a lesson on the spot. Naturally, there would be someone around her who would stand up for her. However, she was all alone now, and she didn't know what to do.
"I, I'm here to find Luo Zheng," Xi Youqin replied timidly.
"Looking for Luo Zheng? Hasn't Luo Zheng been missing for a long time? He's not in the Cloud Hall! "The guard replied.
Although the Cloud Hall was in an uproar during this period of time, most of it was concentrated in the middle and upper levels. This guard was just an ordinary warrior in the Cloud Hall. He didn't know that Luo Zheng had returned to the Cloud Hall. In the past two years, there were indeed many people who visited Luo Zheng, such as those from the Runic Tower. They were mainly rune masters who came because of Luo Zheng's reputation. This guard would always use the same excuse to drive them away.
"What? Luo Zheng isn't in the Cloud Hall? "Xi Youqin's expression changed, and she frowned deeply.
Luo Zheng had been pursued all along the way, and his objective was to return to Ocean of Clouds City. He'd even been able to escape Cui Xie's pursuit, so was there anything in the central territory that could obstruct him? It was impossible that Luo Zheng hadn't returned to the Cloud Hall. This guard must be deceiving her!
Thinking of this, Xi Youqin's voice gradually turned cold. "Don't lie to me. Tell Luo Zheng to come out!" However, she was wrong. She thought that Luo Zheng had told these guards that Luo Zheng didn't want to see her.
Why would Xi Youqin follow him all the way here?
Although she hated Luo Zheng to the core, she was still a traditional woman. Deep down, she felt that Luo Zheng owed her something. But, Xi Youqin couldn't figure out what she wanted from Luo Zheng.
"I told you, Luo Zheng is missing, he isn't in the Cloud Hall!" The guard didn't fall for Xi Youqin's trick. Although Xi Youqin was a Divine Core warrior, with this barrier, even a Life and Death warrior wouldn't be able to break in, let alone a mere Divine Core warrior. What can you do to me?
Xi Youqin approached the barrier and said with a gloomy expression, "I'll say it again, tell Luo Zheng to come out! Tell him to come see me! "