Xi Youqin floated outside the boundary, her eyes constantly flashing, and she seemed to be in a daze. No one knew what she was thinking.
"Second Brother Zhao, that woman is so beautiful. Why don't you talk to her more?" A guard asked.
The previous guard snorted, "We don't have that blessing. That woman is obviously from a big family. She came here to look for Luo Zheng. How can we get close to her? I just don't know what Luo Zheng owes her. She actually came to the Cloud Hall alone. "
"Should we inform the higher-ups about this?" Another guard asked.
"I don't think so. The Hall Master is busy these days! Let's guard the entrance and not let anyone enter the Cloud Hall! "Another guard said.
The guards discussed in low voices, but their eyes were focused on Xi Youqin. Standing guard here was indeed a tedious job, and it wasn't bad to have such an elegant and clean beauty to feast their eyes on.
Xi Youqin lowered her head. After a while, she suddenly raised her head. With a wave of her hand, a crack appeared in the sky. A giant sword appeared from the crack and slashed towards the Cloud Hall's barrier!
"Dong!"
When the huge sword hit the barrier, a muffled sound rang out, and then a layer of shallow water ripples appeared on the barrier of Abundant Light.
"F * ck!"
The guards were shocked by this sudden scene. They didn't expect this woman to be so bold. They didn't let her in and she directly attacked the Cloud Hall's barrier!
No matter what, the Cloud Hall was still a fifth-grade sect. She broke in here and attacked the Cloud Hall's barrier. Wasn't she courting death?
"Hey, I said, hurry up and leave! Let me give you a piece of advice. Don't cause trouble in my Cloud Hall. I'm just reminding you out of kindness. Later, you won't be able to leave even if you want to! "A guard warned Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin ignored the guard's warning. She gently pointed her finger. This time, ten cracks appeared in the sky. Then, ten giant swords drilled out from the cracks and heavily slashed towards the barrier!
"Dong Dong …"
When these ten giant swords slashed down at the same time, the force of their attacks increased by tenfold. Not only were the guards frightened, it had also alerted everyone in the Cloud Hall.
Soon, two Divine Core deacons rushed out from the Cloud Hall's entrance. They threw a cold glance at Xi Youqin. "Who's causing trouble here?"
Xi Youqin didn't listen to them. This time, she summoned more than a hundred giant swords and fiercely slashed them at the barrier.
"Bang!"
The force of these swords were slashes, causing the barrier to ripples on the surface of the barrier!
What's more, Xi Xi Youqin's, and her's attack was and's in a war's between the sects! For example, if she summoned a million giant swords to slash down together, she might be able to destroy the entire city, but she wouldn't be able to kill Luo Zheng.
If this was a sect war, with so many giant swords slashing down at the same time, the other side would probably only have a few top experts left. The rest would all be chopped into meat paste by the giant swords.
"Stop!"
"You're courting death!"
"Do you know where you are?!"
Hearing the deacons' shouts, Xi Youqin didn't show any signs of stopping. This time, more than a thousand giant swords slashed down at the barrier!
When these thousands of giant swords slashed down at the same time, the force of their attack was extremely frightening. It was almost as powerful as Cui Xie's punch. However, Cui Xie's punch was focused on a single point, while these thousands of giant swords were scattered across the barrier in front of Xi Youqin!
However, the barrier was originally meant to disperse the force, allowing the entire barrier to bear the brunt of the attack. Therefore, Xi Youqin's attack wasn't any weaker than Cui Xie's punch. The entire barrier's' surface suddenly rippled with raging waves. At the same time, the top grade true essence stones maintaining the 'Abundant Light's' barrier were rapidly consumed.
Luo Zheng was originally chatting with Hua Tianming. In these two years, Hua Tianming and the others had experienced many things. Among them, they had narrowly escaped death twice. At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly saw ripples appear on the barrier above the Cloud Hall!
To be able to make the 'Abundant Light's' ripples spread to such an extent, perhaps a Life and Death expert was attacking the barrier. Could it be Cui Xie?
Luo Zheng's expression changed, and he rushed towards the direction of the ripples.
At the same time Luo Zheng rushed over, Ning Yudie, Daoist Big Dream, and a group of Cloud Hall's elders also rushed over.
"Luo Zheng, what's going on?" On the way, Ning Yudie asked Luo Zheng.
"I'm also not sure. In the Central Domain, only a Life and Death expert could make the Abundant Light react this violently!" Luo Zheng said with a cautious expression.
There were only a few Life and Death Realm experts in the Central Region. In fact, one could count them with two hands. But, if it was Cui Xie, someone would have informed the Central Region a long time ago. But, who was the one who attacked the barrier?
Just as Luo Zheng arrived in front of the Cloud Hall's entrance, he saw over ten thousand huge swords appear out of thin air outside the barrier!
When Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng, and Daoist Big Dream saw over ten thousand huge swords, their complexions changed greatly. With so many huge swords falling at the same time, they might really be able to cut through the Abundant Light!
"Who dares to attack my Cloud Hall!" Ning Yudie said angrily with a sullen face. They had already seen a woman in plain clothes outside the barrier.
When Luo Zheng saw those huge swords, he immediately thought of Si Miaoling. In the blink of an eye, he also saw Xi Youqin, and his complexion changed greatly. At this time, he couldn't care less and immediately roared at Xi Youqin, "You, stop!"
When Xi Youqin heard Luo Zheng's voice, her face lit up with joy. However, when she saw Luo Zheng's angry appearance, her face immediately darkened. This man had never treated her well!
However, she still stopped. With a light flick of her finger, all the huge swords dissipated in the air.
Ning Yudie had already planned to attack. She just wanted to kill this woman before the huge swords fell! No matter who this woman was, she dared to destroy the Cloud Hall's barrier, she was courting death!
Although these huge swords were powerful and could destroy the Cloud Hall's barrier, they couldn't hurt Ning Yudie. At least she had enough time to go around these huge swords, find an opening, and kill this woman.
However, after hearing Luo Zheng's roar, the woman actually stopped. Ning Yudie was also somewhat surprised. Luo Zheng knew this woman?
Xi Youqin bit her lips, stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "You're willing to come out to see me?"
"If you wanted to see me, why didn't you let me pass the message?" Luo Zheng angrily stared at the woman in front of him. "Are you so stupid that you don't even have a brain?"
Xi Youqin pointed at the guards. "They said you weren't in the Cloud Hall. I thought you were hiding and didn't want to see me …"
Luo Zheng turned around and stared at the guards. The guards immediately said with a bitter face, "Luo Zheng, Lord Luo Zheng, we didn't know you were back! Naturally, we answered that way! " These guards were scared to death just now. If this matter really caused the Cloud Hall's barrier to be destroyed, their sins would be great.
Luo Zheng snorted. Then, he stared at Xi Youqin and asked, "Why are you looking for me?"
Everyone was also curious. Why was this woman looking for Luo Zheng?
Xi Youqin thought for a moment, then she shook her head and said, "I don't know …"
Daoist Dameng and the other Sect Elders of the Cloud Hall had interesting expressions on their faces. They had all lived for many years, and they could roughly guess what was going on. Luo Zheng had been flirting with women, and now, his woman had come looking for him! Not long ago, Daoist Dameng had witnessed Luo Zheng hugging Ning Yudie, and he had no idea how this was going to end.
Of course, the one who had a headache wasn't them, it was Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie looked at the woman with a complicated expression, then she asked, "Are you the young lady from the Xi family?"
The huge swords Xi Youqin summoned just now were exactly the same as when Si Miaoling fought with Luo Zheng a few years ago. Therefore, Ning Yudie had guessed that this woman possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body. However, this woman was only an Early Divine Core warrior, but she was able to summon so many huge swords. She was much stronger than Si Miaoling.
Currently, there were only three people with the Extreme Violet Yin Body in the Central Domain. Two of them were in the hands of Cui Xie, and the last one was the great-granddaughter of Daoist Qing Xu. That was why Ning Yudie had made such a guess.
Hearing that Ning Yudie had guessed her identity, Xi Youqin quickly said, "That's right, I'm Xi Youqin!"
She thought by telling her name, everyone would believe her. However, Ning Yudie just looked at her with a strange expression and asked, "You don't know why you're looking for Luo Zheng, and why you're here in the Cloud Hall?"
＝＝＝＝＝