As a woman, how sensitive was Ning Yudie in this aspect?
Actually, when she saw Xi Youqin's eyes, she already had some clues.
Because she was busy dealing with the Cloud Hall's affairs, she did not have time to talk to Luo Zheng in detail. Where did Luo Zheng go for the past two years? Why did he suddenly appear? What exactly happened in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb?
She was prepared to have a good talk with Luo Zheng after she finished dealing with the matters.
Unexpectedly, at this time, the eldest daughter of the Xi Family suddenly came to the Cloud Hall to look for Luo Zheng. It seemed that something must have happened between the two of them …
Ning Yudie had more or less heard about the Xi Family's eldest daughter. Some time ago, she even suggested to the Void Spirit Sect to quickly let this woman get married. She had the Extreme Purple Yin Body. If she fell into Cui Xie's hands, the consequences would be unimaginable. Moreover, Luo Yan would probably suffer as well.
But why did Luo Zheng know this woman? And when Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall, this woman followed Luo Zheng back …
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Xi Youqin's face revealed a bashful expression. Although she had a bad temper and was willful, she was still a daughter of a respectable family. How could she say such things in front of so many people?
Xi Youqin's bashfulness deepened Xi Youqin's guess. Suddenly, Ning Yudie's voice turned cold. "Remove the barrier and let her in!"
Under Ning Yudie's command, the Cloud Hall's barrier was temporarily removed. After Xi Youqin entered the barrier, the barrier once again enveloped the Cloud Hall.
After Xi Youqin entered the barrier, she flew directly towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's scalp instantly went numb. He did not know how to deal with this matter at all.
In the underground palace, Luo Zheng did such a ridiculous thing in a fit of anger! Moreover, at that time, he was being pressured by Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe. He was afraid that Xi Youqin would fall into the hands of Cui Xie, and the consequences would be unimaginable. In the end, he chose to take away this woman's primordial yin.
Luo Zheng's motive was correct, but it was unfair to this woman.
What's more, Luo Zheng couldn't deny that Xi Youqin was Luo Zheng's first woman!
Xi Youqin didn't care about other people's expressions. She gently floated over and leaned against Luo Zheng's side. Her head was also lowered, like a child who had done something wrong.
When Ning Yudie saw this, a trace of anger suddenly emerged in her eyes, and her face was suddenly covered with a layer of frost!
It's just that as the Hall Master, she didn't dare to express her emotions too strongly. What's more, Ning Yudie had very little control over her emotions. She forcibly suppressed her unhappy mood. Instead, there was a faint smile on her face, but she seemed to be gritting her teeth as she asked, "Miss Xi, you still have to tell me, why did you follow me to the Cloud Hall?"
Daoist Master Dameng and the other Elders looked at each other. The expression on Ning Yudie's face changed unpredictably, but how could they not understand?
It was reasonable to say that Luo Zheng, as a member of the Cloud Hall, even if he brought Xi Youqin into the Cloud Hall, it wouldn't be considered breaking the rules. What's more, Ning Yudie had just asked. It turned out that this Miss Xi was the woman with the Extreme Violet Yin Body. No wonder she could summon so many giant swords.
Now that the Tian Xie Sect was wreaking havoc in the north, out of protection for Xi Youqin, it was normal to let Xi Youqin temporarily live in the Cloud Hall. Why did the Hall Master bother to ask again?
Needless to say, she was definitely jealous.
The Hall Master had now become a volcano, but she suppressed the fire in her heart. If this volcano erupted, they were afraid that they would be implicated. It was better to leave first, so a group of Cloud Hall Elders silently returned to the Cloud Hall.
"I, I have nowhere to go," Xi Youqin replied.
The Void Spirit Sect was being attacked by the Tian Xie Sect. Because the transmission array was destroyed, there was no news yet. But at this time, Xi Youqin's choice to return to Void Sky City was obviously not a good idea.
"Why do you want to follow Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie stared at Xi Youqin and asked.
Xi Youqin blinked. Being stared at and asked by Ning Yudie again and again, she suddenly had a sense of vigilance. She didn't answer Ning Yudie's question and instead said, "You, you are the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, right?"
"Yes, I am the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall," Ning Yudie replied.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips and then said, "I am willing to follow Luo Zheng. As the Hall Master … do you also have to ask?"
"…"
Hearing Xi Youqin's question, Ning Yudie was suddenly speechless …
Xi Youqin was right. Although she was the Hall Master and Luo Zheng was also a member of the Cloud Hall, she was meddling too much. Even the extremely strict Mysterious Yin Mansion wouldn't meddle to this extent, right?
Ning Yudie was stunned for a while, and a trace of loneliness appeared on her face. Then, she sighed, looked at Luo Zheng faintly, and said softly, "Yes, I meddled too much. Luo Zheng has the Extreme Purple Yin Body. She can't fall into the hands of Cui Xie. Let her stay in our Cloud Hall for the time being!"
After saying that, Ning Yudie turned around and left.
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng felt as if there were countless little bugs crawling on his scalp. He was very uncomfortable right now. It seemed that Ning Yudie didn't know why he had already taken Xi Youqin away.
At this moment, a little red light escaped. It was Xun leaving Luo Zheng's body.
Xun had been feeling down for the past two days, so she didn't show up. After seeing what happened today, her mood suddenly seemed to improve a lot. After she appeared, she stared at the direction Ning Yudie left and said with a smile, "She already has such a big reaction. I wonder how she will react when she finds out about your matter."
Of course, Xi Youqin knew what Xun meant by "your matter". Her face turned red in an instant.
Luo Zheng's face was full of bitterness. For Luo Zheng, dealing with this kind of thing was no less difficult than dealing with Cui Xie. On the contrary, Xun was in a good mood. She just wanted to see how long Ning Yudie could suppress her anger!
When Luo Zheng left Xi Youqin in Huoyang City, he didn't think too much about it. Because of Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng did bring a lot of trouble. At that time, Luo Zheng was determined to get rid of Cui Xie's tracking. He just wanted to get rid of this trouble.
However, Xi Youqin came to the Cloud Hall. How should Luo Zheng deal with it?
"I'll arrange a place for you first. Come with me." Luo Zheng's face sank. Then he took Xi Youqin to find a deacon of the Cloud Hall to arrange a place for her.
There were many female disciples in the Cloud Hall. For example, the disciples who were promoted to the Cloud Hall in Caiyun Sect were all female warriors. It was not difficult to arrange a place for Xi Youqin. The problem was how to deal with Xi Youqin in the future. What kind of role would she play by Luo Zheng's side?
Luo Zheng himself couldn't figure it out. Luo Zheng may have planned his path well, but when it came to feelings, Luo Zheng was a mess. What's more, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin had no feelings at all.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know, but Xi Youqin didn't think so.
Although the living conditions that Luo Zheng arranged for Xi Youqin were not bad, at least much better than the living conditions of the vast majority of female disciples, Xi Youqin was still not used to it.
Her environment since childhood was so superior. Even the size, height, and material of the bronze mirror hanging on the wall had to be carefully chosen. The position of the bed and the material of the pillow were also carefully selected. Even if this was the first time she could sleep soundly after leaving the Xi family, she still couldn't sleep.
Sitting on the bed, Xi Youqin hugged her knees and stared blankly at the deep dark sky outside the window. Her face suddenly revealed a smile. Even if she wasn't used to this kind of life, she should at least try to endure it. She should endure it for him!
This picky and stubborn young lady seemed to have found a noble reason to complete an arduous task …
If others knew that the slightly simple environment of the Cloud Hall made her feel so embarrassed, they would probably be speechless.
And this night, she wasn't the only one who couldn't sleep.
Ning Yudie sat upright in the ice palace and continued to consolidate her cultivation. She had just entered the Life and Death Realm and still needed time to cultivate her Zhen Yuan. After entering the Life and Death Realm, her Zhen Yuan began to slowly liquefy. The entire Life and Death Realm was a process of constantly liquefying Zhen Yuan. Only after reaching the Divine Sea would there be a space where she could transform her Zhen Yuan into a Divine Sea and create a world within her body!
Although Ning Yudie was cultivating, she felt incomparably restless. From time to time, Xi Youqin's words would appear in her mind.