When True Essence was condensed to the extreme, it would liquefy little by little. For a Life and Death martial artist, this was a very smooth process.
But tonight, Ning Yudie had failed again and again, her state of mind was not stable.
Generally speaking, cultivating in this kind of situation was a very dangerous thing. It was very likely that one would suffer from Cultivation Deviation and damage themselves. Most martial artists would choose to temporarily stop cultivating.
However, Ning Yudie was incomparably stubborn. As her mind wandered, she suddenly felt a stabbing pain in her lower abdomen. She had lost control of a wisp of True Essence and was suddenly rushing upwards! As this wisp of True Essence went out of control, it also caused the other True Essences in her dantian to become violent.
Ning Yudie was suddenly startled. She calmed her mind and tried to stabilize her True Essence, but it was already too late.
The True Essence that had gone out of control shot up and penetrated her dantian!
"Puff!"
She spat out a mouthful of blood. Even though only a wisp of True Essence had penetrated her dantian, the damage it caused was very small. However, the dantian was a martial artist's core and also their most fragile place. Even if it was damaged, it would still cause a lot of damage.
Ning Yudie suppressed the True Essence in her dantian and swallowed a pill. After a while, when the pill completely dissolved, she slowly recovered, but her complexion was still deathly pale.
Ning Yudie, who had stopped cultivating, was still in a bad mood. She walked to the window. Tonight, the moon was bright and the stars were sparse. However, she was surprised to see a star on the horizon blooming with an orange light.
"What is that star?" Ning Yudie frowned. She felt the light of that star come from the distant horizon and directly shoot towards the Cloud Hall. It seemed that someone in the Cloud Hall had attracted the power of the star. How was this possible? Surprised, Ning Yudie's lithe figure gently floated and disappeared from the Ice Palace.
Luo Zheng didn't have as many complicated thoughts as Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. At this time, he was still releasing his sense, rushing into the universe to communicate with the stars. Before this, Luo Zheng had tried to communicate with the stars many times. But besides the first time, he had failed almost every time.
The number of failures was too many, and even Luo Zheng felt a bit depressed.
Compared to other cultivation methods, the difficulty of the 'Transcendent Divine Might' was far greater than Luo Zheng had imagined.
But tonight, Luo Zheng's consciousness had successfully attracted the attention of a star. This was an orange star. This star was very beautiful, and the orange light on its surface was gentle and tranquil. More importantly, it didn't resist Luo Zheng at all!
With every additional star, the power of the 'Stellar Battle Body' would increase by a bit. Currently, there was still a certain disparity between Luo Zheng's strength and Cui Xie's. Although Luo Zheng hadn't directly fought with Cui Xie, he believed that the difference between them wasn't too great. If he could attract several more stars, then the day of killing Cui Xie wouldn't be too far off!
When Luo Zheng cultivated the 'Stellar Battle Body', his body would be bathed in a faint purple light. This was because Luo Zheng had established a connection with the first purple star. Now that Luo Zheng had successfully attracted the attention of a second star, there was a second orange light that covered Luo Zheng's body. These two different lights wove together, causing a layer of illusionary colors to appear on his body.
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng on the roof from afar. "It really is him!"
Ning Yudie didn't know how Luo Zheng was able to attract the power of the stars. It must be an extraordinary cultivation method, so Ning Yudie guessed that it was most likely Luo Zheng. Now that her guess was confirmed, Ning Yudie was even more curious.
Looking at Luo Zheng's thin face from afar, Ning Yudie's heart was also moved.
In just two years, this youth had forcefully jumped from the Divine Reflection Realm to the False Tribulation Realm. Now, although Luo Zheng was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, even Mister Zhuo was easily killed by Luo Zheng. He was probably not much weaker than her.
These two years, he must have suffered a lot, right?
Ning Yudie wanted to go forward and have a long talk with Luo Zheng, but when she thought of the Xi Family's young miss, she finally suppressed her impulse. She sighed and murmured, "Let's talk about it later." Then she quietly retreated into the night.
Early the next morning, Xi Youqin was actually pacing back and forth in front of Luo Zheng's residence. When Luo Zheng appeared, she greeted him with a smile.
Now that Xi Youqin's state of mind had undergone a drastic change, she was like a completely different person from before.
Before, Xi Youqin was aloof and arrogant. She had an arrogant attitude towards everyone, but in front of Luo Zheng, she seemed to have removed all her arrogance.
Perhaps in her heart, she had already regarded Luo Zheng as her home. It was a pity that Luo Zheng had not clearly recognized this point. After seeing Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng just glanced at her indifferently, and then walked towards the depths of the Cloud Hall.
Xi Youqin was a bit troublesome for Luo Zheng. If it were not for the incident in the underground palace, Luo Zheng would definitely be determined to drive her away. However, in the Fire Sun City, he had already thrown her away once. Luo Zheng could not drive her away again.
It was just that at this stage, Luo Zheng could only temporarily not hate her.
Seeing that Luo Zheng ignored her, Xi Youqin pursed her lips, but her face did not show any anger. Instead, she smiled foolishly, and then silently followed Luo Zheng. She knew that Luo Zheng did not like her to talk too much, so she simply did not say a word.
As soon as they arrived at the meeting hall of the Cloud Hall, they heard many Cloud Hall Elders in the hall sighing.
"It's too miserable. Cui Xie is really crazy. He doesn't even let off those mortals who don't know how to cultivate!"
"Those independent warriors are not good people! They are just a bunch of mobs. Naturally, they will vent their anger when they have the opportunity! "
"It's just a pity for the warriors who stayed in the Virtual Sky City. They are completely implicated!"
While they were discussing, they saw Luo Zheng come in with Xi Youqin. Everyone's voices suddenly quieted down.
After Luo Zheng walked in, Daoist Master Dameng's gaze fell on Xi Youqin. He originally wanted to say something to Luo Zheng, but after seeing Xi Youqin, his face showed hesitation.
"What happened?" Seeing Daoist Master Dameng's expression, Luo Zheng asked.
Daoist Master Dameng then said, "The Virtual Spirit Sect has been captured by the Tian Xie Sect!"
Although this news didn't surprise Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng couldn't help but frown. When Xi Youqin heard this news, she was completely dumbfounded.
That day, Luo Zheng cooperated with the Seven Void Spirit Masters to set up a trap to kill Cui Xie. However, they didn't expect that Cui Xie's true strength was far beyond their imagination, leading to the annihilation of the Seven Void Spirit Masters. With two Life and Death Realm powerhouses, Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, it was only a matter of time before the Tian Xie Sect defeated the Virtual Spirit Sect. After all, Qing Xu Daoist was alone.
In fact, it had been some time since the Virtual Spirit Sect was captured. It was just that the transmission array was destroyed. It took some time for the news to be transmitted from the Virtual Sky City, so they only received the news today.
Xi Youqin stood in place and stared blankly at Daoist Master Dameng. "Then, then what about the Virtual Sky City? Is there any news about the Virtual Sky City? "
Daoist Master Dameng glanced at Luo Zheng again. Luo Zheng nodded. "Daoist Master, please speak directly."
"In order to repay those independent cultivators, the Tian Xie Sect massacred and looted the entire Virtual Sky City. The Seven Great Families were annihilated," Daoist Master Dameng said concisely.
"Seven, Seven Great Families? Are you sure it's the Seven … Families? "Xi Youqin asked with a trembling voice.
There were seven third-grade families in the Virtual Sky City. They were the Lin, Huang, Chang, Xu, Xiao, Chen, and Xi Families. Among them, the Xi Family was the leader. Xi Youqin didn't dare to ask what happened to the Xi Family, so she asked this question.
Unexpectedly, Daoist Master Dameng's answer was even more direct. "The Xi Family was also among them. Moreover, I heard that the Xi Family was the target of the Tian Xie Sect. The Xi Family was completely massacred and the entire Xi Family Castle was burned to the ground!"
Hearing Daoist Master Dameng's words, Xi Youqin's legs suddenly went soft and she knelt on the ground. Her gaze was unfocused as she stared ahead. Two lines of tears gushed out and flowed down her cheeks.
Although Xi Youqin was also worried in her heart, she never thought that such a big Xu Ling Sect would be so easily breached! In Xi Youqin's eyes, her great-grandfather, Daoist Master Qing Xu, was an invincible existence. However, this sect that had stood tall for tens of thousands of years, known as the number one sect in the world, was breached just like that …
Looking at this fair and clean little girl's miserable appearance, several Cloud Hall Elders couldn't help but shake their heads in their hearts. At this time, Ning Yudie also walked in and said coldly, "I just received news that there's a group of Xi Family people rushing towards my Cloud Hall."
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, a glimmer of hope flashed in Xi Youqin's eyes. "There's still someone from the Xi Family alive?"
Ning Yudie made an "En" sound and said, "They'll arrive today. I might need your cooperation."
"Cooperate with what?" Xi Youqin asked again.
Ning Yudie felt that this answer was a bit cruel. It was better to let the Xi Family's young miss face it herself, so she said faintly, "When they arrive, you'll know."