It was bad news for all the sects in the Central Domain that the Void Spirit Sect was so easily defeated.
The most terrifying thing was that the Tian Xie Sect actually slaughtered the entire Void Sky City!
Generally, the battle between martial artists would not hurt civilians, so before the war began, most of the people who left the Void Sky City were martial artists, but the mortals who did not cultivate did not leave.
In the eyes of those mortals, whether it was the Void Spirit Sect or the Tian Xie Sect, it was the same. The change of the flag on the city wall had little to do with them. For those mortals, they were not sensitive to the war between sects. Instead, it was the martial artists who stayed in the Void Sky City who were worried.
But this time, they were wrong.
The Void Sky City had a very deep foundation, and so many independent martial artists followed the Tian Xie Sect. Since the Void Spirit Sect was defeated, the Void Sky City was naturally in their pocket. The purpose of slaughtering the city, burning and looting was also a kind of reward, and it was also a kind of deterrence to the sects in the world.
The elders who received the news in the Cloud Hall were also worried, and everyone's mood was not very good.
Luo Zheng looked at Xi Youqin, and a little pity appeared in his heart. It was just that she happened to have such a drastic change, so Luo Zheng did not know how to comfort her.
At this moment, a deacon entered the meeting hall and reported, "The Xi Family of the Void Sky City requests an audience!"
Ning Yudie responded faintly, "Let them enter the Cloud Hall and bring them to the meeting hall."
Xi Youqin wiped away her tears and stood up. She didn't know how many people of the Xi Family survived. What about Xi Xiaojie? Or her father?
After a while, several people walked in from outside the meeting hall. The person in the lead was wearing the black robe of the Void Spirit Sect. After entering the Cloud Hall, he cupped his hands towards Ning Yudie, "Greetings to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall."
Xi Youqin's gaze swept over those people one by one, but she did not find the person she was looking for. She asked suspiciously, "Didn't you say that the people of the Xi Family would come? You … are just the elders of the Void Spirit Sect. Where are the people of my Xi Family? Where is my father? Second Uncle, Third Uncle, and the others! Qiu Cheng, how are Xi Xiaojie and the others?! "
These cultivators were not from the Xi Family. Almost all of them were from the Void Spirit Sect!
Qiu Cheng had a good relationship with the Xi Family and often traveled between the Void Spirit Sect and the Xi Family. He had already reached the False Tribulation Realm in his thirties, so it was only a matter of time before he entered the Elder Hall of the Void Spirit Sect.
Qiu Sheng was also one of Xi Youqin's suitors!
He was the one who had visited all the famous mountains and great rivers in the Central Domain and collected the seeds of the Radiance Grass before giving them to Xi Youqin.
However, Xi Youqin had received such a precious gift, but she had casually thrown it away. One could imagine how angry Qiu Cheng was, but because of the Sect Master's face, he could not flare up.
Cui Xie glared coldly at Xi Youqin and sneered, "Thanks to you, the Xi Clan was annihilated, and your father was killed by Cui Xie himself! Xi Xiaojie is also missing! "
Xi Youqin staggered. After a moment of silence, she stared blankly at Qiu Sheng and asked, "Make it clear! Why do you say it's thanks to me … "
"If it wasn't for you, the Tian Xie Sect might not have attacked the Void Spirit Sect! Cui Xie doesn't want the Void Spirit Sect's inheritance the most, but you! "Qiu Sheng snorted coldly.
"No, it's not like that …" Xi Youqin cried even harder, as if she was about to collapse.
"It's you. If it wasn't for the fact that you bitch relied on the Sect Master to protect you and refused to get married, the Tian Xie Sect might not have attacked the Void Spirit Sect!" Qiu Sheng did not care about Xi Youqin's emotions at all and continued to sneer.
Qiu Sheng looked at Xi Youqin's miserable appearance, and he enjoyed it very much.
He was also a heaven grade genius! Even in the Void Spirit Sect, how proud was he? Before Xi Xiaojie showed his amazing talent, Qiu Sheng was the number one genius of the Void Spirit Sect! However, this woman dared to humiliate him in public and destroyed all his face. He became the joke of the entire Void Spirit Sect for a while.
Now that the Xi family was in trouble and the Void Spirit Sect was destroyed, he wanted to see how this woman could continue to be arrogant in front of him!
"No, it's not because of me …" Because she alone harmed the Xi family, Void Sky City, and Void Spirit Sect. How could she bear this kind of pressure? At this moment, Xi Youqin's thoughts were not organized at all. She could only deny Qiu Sheng's words mechanically.
Luo Zheng looked at Xi Youqin from the side. He didn't know if he should say something …
At this moment, Qiu Sheng continued to sneer. "The Sect Master has fallen into Cui Xie's hands. He wants to use you to exchange!"
"Great-grandfather, great-grandfather didn't die … He wants me to exchange?" Xi Youqin asked.
"Yes! This is your last bit of value, and your only value! "Qiu Sheng sneered maliciously.
Although the Void Spirit Sect was destroyed, most of the disciples fled. As long as Daoist Qing Xu survived, he could rebuild the Void Spirit Sect with his rallying power. However, the sect's overall strength would naturally be greatly reduced. The Void Spirit Sect, which was originally a fifth-grade sect, would probably fall to fourth-grade!
However, the only way to exchange for Daoist Qing Xu was Xi Youqin. This was why Qiu Sheng and the others came to the Cloud Hall.
"Exchange for great-grandfather …" Xi Youqin nodded foolishly, but then she seemed to think of something. Her soft body suddenly trembled, and she quickly shook her head. "No, I can't!"
"Haha, you're still afraid even at a time like this!" Qiu Cheng pressed Xi Youqin further.
"I really can't, I can't …" Xi Youqin cried again. Her face was full of despair.
"At this time, it's not up to you to say no!" Qiu Sheng reached out to grab Xi Youqin. In fact, Qiu Sheng had another plan in mind. In Qiu Sheng's opinion, although Xi Youqin could be exchanged for the Sect Leader, the Void Spirit Sect's power was gone. So what if Cui Xie kept his promise and released Daoist Qing Xu? It would probably be the Tian Xie Sect's world in the future!
It would be a waste to give Xi Youqin to Cui Xie. He, Qiu Cheng, had been infatuated with this body for a long time. This time, he might as well go all the way. Wasn't the Extreme Purple Yin Body greatly beneficial to martial artists? The Central Domain was so big. No matter how far Qiu Sheng went, he would have a place to go if he took Xi Youqin away.
However, just as Qiu Sheng was about to grab Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng took a step forward and appeared in front of Qiu Sheng in a flash. Luo Zheng said indifferently, "I'm afraid it really won't work."
Qiu Sheng frowned and stared at Luo Zheng. "This is my Void Spirit Sect's business. Does the Cloud Hall want to interfere?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "First, Xi Youqin is not from your Void Spirit Sect. She's only from the Xi Family. If I didn't hear wrong, your surname isn't Xi, right? Second, if Xi Youqin is given to Cui Xie, all the warriors in the world will suffer. Most importantly … this will indirectly harm my sister. "
"You're Luo Zheng?" Qiu Sheng guessed Luo Zheng's identity.
Luo Zheng nodded.
Qiu Sheng then said resolutely, "Even so, we must save the Sect Master!"
"Yes, we must save the Sect Master first! Luo Zheng, isn't our Sect Master's life more precious than your sister's? "
"Besides, that Luo Yan will only lose her own life. Cui Xie may not kill her!"
"Yes, the Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Formation is also very beneficial to women. She won't lose a piece of flesh!" a Void Spirit Sect warrior said.
As soon as the Void Spirit Sect warrior finished speaking, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly floated out like a ghost. He reached out with one hand and grabbed the warrior's neck. "To you, the Sect Master is very important. To me, my sister is the most important. Your Sect Master is worthless. Do you understand?"
After saying that, Luo Zheng punched out and hit the warrior's chest. This warrior had the cultivation of the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, but he couldn't withstand a single blow from Luo Zheng. When this punch hit his chest, he instantly flew out and crashed into the wall of the Conference Hall. Half of the wall immediately collapsed.
The faces of the Void Spirit Sect's people darkened.
Qiu Sheng laughed wildly and said, "Haha, such a big Cloud Hall is too domineering and unreasonable! Is this how the Cloud Hall bullies people? "
Ning Yudie and the elders of the Cloud Hall didn't speak. Luo Zheng had a sneer on his face. It was related to his sister's safety. Luo Zheng didn't intend to be reasonable, and there was no reason to be reasonable.
Seeing Luo Zheng step forward at the critical moment, Xi Youqin suddenly felt a trace of warmth in her heart. She really had no reason to retreat now. With her eyes flickering, Xi Youqin said, "Qiu Sheng, in fact, Luo Zheng has more than two reasons. There is a third reason!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng knew he was in trouble. Just as he was about to stop her, Xi Youqin said, "My Primordial Yin is gone!"
＝＝＝＝＝