Admitting this kind of thing in public still made Xi Youqin blush instantly.
The expressions of the Cloud Hall elders became even more strange, and they all looked at Luo Zheng.
Qiu Cheng and the others were stunned. If Xi Youqin was telling the truth, then she was worthless to Cui Xie!
"Hahaha, Xi Youqin, you pretended to be as noble as a Saintess in the Xi Family! I didn't expect you to have already fooled around with another wild man! " As soon as he said this, Qiu Cheng's purpose was naturally ruined, but he felt very unbalanced in his heart. He boasted that he didn't lose to any man, but this woman didn't even look at him from beginning to end!
"He is not a wild man!" Xi Youqin stared at Qiu Cheng with burning eyes and replied.
"Who is it?" Ning Yudie suddenly asked.
Originally, this matter had nothing to do with Ning Yudie. This was a matter between the Xi Family and the Void Spirit Sect. Ning Yudie's inquiry seemed a bit gossipy.
However, Daoist Master Dameng and the other elders of the Cloud Hall had already seen through the clues. It was most likely Luo Zheng, so Ning Yudie was so concerned.
The elders of the Void Spirit Sect didn't know the inside story. They all looked at the master of the Cloud Hall with strange expressions, but they muttered in their hearts. Why is the master of the Cloud Hall asking about this?
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly replied frankly, "It's me. Xi Youqin is already my woman. It's impossible for me to let you give her to Cui Xie."
When he said this himself, the entire Conference Hall suddenly quieted down.
Luo Zheng wasn't a dishonest person, but admitting it in front of Ning Yudie still made Luo Zheng a little embarrassed. However, things had already reached this point. He couldn't deny it. He had to bear the consequences of what he did!
Hearing Luo Zheng admit it himself, Ning Yudie's eyes flashed with a dim luster, and she turned her face to the side. She almost suffered from Qi Deviation while cultivating last night. Her face was already pale, and now there was no color on her face, just like a piece of white paper.
"So, please go back. My Cloud Hall doesn't have a good way to save your sect master," Luo Zheng said.
Qiu Cheng gritted his teeth and stared fiercely at Luo Zheng. At this moment, they were in someone else's territory. It was impossible for him to take Xi Youqin away by force..... not to mention the master of the Cloud Hall was here, Luo Zheng's strength was unfathomable............ they were....
......... of Luo Zheng........ of Luo Zheng.
The group of people from the Void Spirit Sect did not stay for long and left quickly.
After they left, the Conference Hall suddenly fell silent.
Xi Youqin lowered her head and slowly leaned against Luo Zheng. In her opinion, Luo Zheng might be her only pillar of support.
Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and asked with concern, "Sect Master, are you not feeling well?"
"I'm fine," Ning Yudie replied coldly. She looked directly past Luo Zheng and asked the many elders of the Cloud Hall, "Elders, do you have anything else to report today?"
The group of elders secretly glanced at Ning Yudie's face. They were all well aware that if they spoke at this time, they would be looking for trouble. So, they simply remained silent.
In fact, the Cloud Hall had already received the news of the Tian Xie Sect's war today. Originally, they should have discussed the countermeasures of the Cloud Hall. There were too many things that needed to be formulated. However, looking at Ning Yudie's face, it was indeed not the time to discuss these things.
"If there's nothing else, we'll discuss it another day." After Ning Yudie finished speaking, she left the Conference Hall without looking back. It was as if she had forgotten the existence of Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin.
Many of the elders looked at each other and left the meeting hall as well.
On the contrary, Xi Youqin noticed that the atmosphere was not right. She carefully asked Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, your Cloud Hall Sect Master's face doesn't look good. What's wrong with her?"
Luo Zheng's expression was very interesting. How could he explain it to Xi Youqin? After taking a deep breath, Luo Zheng faintly looked at Xi Youqin in front of him. Suddenly, he reached out and touched her hair that was hanging on one side. He smiled and said, "It's nothing!"
Xi Youqin was like a docile kitten as she nestled next to him and let Luo Zheng stroke her hair. Although Luo Zheng said it was nothing, she still felt that something was wrong.
Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall this time. He did not relax at all and seized the opportunity to cultivate.
For Luo Zheng, time was becoming more and more pressing. Not to mention Luo Yan, Luo Zheng and Cui Xie would have a battle in the end. Looking at the Tian Xie Sect's development momentum, it was very likely that they would attack either the Cloud Hall or the World Business Alliance.
For the Tian Xie Sect, in the entire Central Domain, only the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance could hinder their progress. After these two Sects were wiped out, the Mysterious Dark Mansion, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and other Sects were nothing to be afraid of!
Luo Zheng was not the only one who felt a sense of urgency. With the precedent of the Xu Ling Sect, many warriors in the Cloud Hall, from top to bottom, were surrounded by an atmosphere of urgency. During this time, many disciples rarely accepted the tasks distributed by the Cloud Hall. Most of them were in closed-door cultivation and began to break through their bottlenecks.
Once the Tian Xie Sect launched a Sect War against the Cloud Hall, they would at least have the ability to protect themselves.
In addition to this tense atmosphere, there was another strange atmosphere in the Cloud Hall. Of course, this atmosphere could only be felt by the Elders.
Ning Yudie's temperament suddenly became very strange. As long as Luo Zheng was in an occasion, Ning Yudie would either not say a word or turn around and leave. It seemed that she completely ignored Luo Zheng. The relationship between the two seemed to have fallen to a freezing point.
Many Elders were also discussing this matter behind their backs.
"Luo Zheng has made such a great contribution to our Cloud Hall. At this time, he has already stepped into the False Tribulation Realm. His strength is unfathomable. He is a sharp weapon for our Cloud Hall to fight against the Tian Xie Sect. Why are the two of them giving each other a cold war?"
"Alas, Hall Master is still too young. How can he let his emotions affect his decisions? Logically speaking, when Luo Zheng returns this time, he should be given the position of Elder! With his contributions, it's more than enough! "
"Young people can't escape the word 'love'. I think Hall Master is deeply in love. I'm afraid she is very sad. In fact, it's normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines. Even if she is the Hall Master, she can't deal with this matter like this!"
"Yes, yes …"
Just as several Elders were discussing this matter in private in a corner, Ning Yudie floated out like a ghost. Her face was as pale as a corpse, and her cold eyes fell on several Cloud Hall Elders. She asked, "What's right?"
Several Cloud Hall Elders were shocked. "Hall Master, no, nothing's right …"
Ning Yudie blinked her eyes. She had obviously lost a lot of weight in the past few days. Then she floated away like a ghost.
After the Hall Master left, several Elders stroked their chests and sighed. "This can't go on. Let's find Dameng and let him talk to Hall Master!"
In contrast, Xi Youqin's life seemed to be much better.
Although she couldn't help but feel sad when she thought of the Void Sky City, Xi Youqin finally found her home. Even if she knew in her heart that Luo Zheng might not like her that much!
Because of this, Xi Youqin's performance was completely different from before. Now, she almost didn't have any thoughts. She would even go to the market of the Cloud Hall to carefully buy some rare ingredients and borrow the kitchen of the Cloud Hall to show her exquisite cooking skills.
Xi Youqin was arrogant, but after all, she came from a big family. Since she was a child, in addition to practicing martial arts, she was also very proficient in playing the zither, flower arrangement, tea ceremony, calligraphy and painting, and cooking.
In the past, she was the Young Miss of the Xi Family. Everything was served by servants. How could she do it herself? But now, she had a place to use her skills. Every day, she would make exquisite dishes and wait for Luo Zheng outside the cultivation room.
However, Luo Zheng didn't cultivate for a day or two. He often went into closed-door cultivation for five or six days in a row. Those dishes were naturally eaten by her after the time limit, and the rest were thrown away. Even if she didn't see Luo Zheng for several days in a row, she didn't complain. She still made different dishes and waited for Luo Zheng at the door of the secret cultivation room.
Many disciples of the Cloud Hall were borrowing the secret cultivation rooms. Everyone who came and went was watching.
Now, in addition to the Elders, the entire low-level martial artists of the Cloud Hall more or less knew about it.