Many disciples of the Cloud Hall were talking about this matter, but most of them were envious of Xi Youqin. When they walked past her, they would glance at her from time to time.
"Sigh, this Luo Zheng's luck is really good. After wandering outside for two years, his cultivation has improved by leaps and bounds, and he has brought back a woman who is so loyal to him …"
"Envious? If you're so capable, why don't you set up a Sect Protecting Formation as well? Let us be envious of him! That's called strength! "
"Have you all forgotten some rumors? I heard that there was a story between our Palace Master and Luo Zheng, I wonder how our Palace Master is feeling right now. "
"Keep dreaming! Who do you think our Palace Master is? How could he possibly fall in love with Luo Zheng?"
"Not necessarily, my source of information is much better than yours. This was admitted by one of the Sect Elders. Recently, the relationship between Luo Zheng and the Palace Master has been strained! I heard it's because of this woman. "
Some rumors would eventually spread through different channels, and for those well-informed warriors, it wasn't difficult for them to get hold of such information. Because of this, it had deepened everyone's speculations. If what the rumors said was true, how would Luo Zheng deal with this?
"Creak!"
Luo Zheng pushed open the door to the secret cultivation room. He glanced around with his bright eyes, then he saw Xi Youqin standing not far away from him. She was smiling brightly at him.
Xi Youqin wasn't a diligent cultivator. The reason she was able to break through to the Divine Core realm was because of pills and all sorts of resources. Therefore, she didn't spend much time on cultivation. However, she was very particular about her lifestyle.
As long as one was a martial artist, they would devote most of their time to cultivation, lest they fall behind and waste their time. Even female martial artists were no exception. But for Xi Youqin, an exquisite life was clearly more important than cultivation.
After settling down in the Cloud Hall, she would appear in front of Luo Zheng almost every day in a different outfit. Even if she was wearing ordinary home clothes, after a unique combination, it still had its own charm.
Putting aside her original disgusting personality, perhaps she is the perfect woman in the eyes of many martial artists. This is also the reason why many disciples of the Cloud Hall envy Luo Zheng.
"You're out," Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"Didn't you say that you don't have to wait here?" Luo Zheng had been in the secret cultivation room for three days, but she still spent most of her time here.
"Okay." Xi Youqin nodded meekly.
It sounded like she agreed. Luo Zheng also knew that she would still be waiting here in two days. This woman's stubbornness was engraved in her bones, but she didn't show the same arrogance as before in front of Luo Zheng.
She carried the fragrant dishes and held Luo Zheng's hand as they walked through the long corridor in the air. Then, she brought out the dishes bit by bit. The steaming hot dishes were placed on the table.
Days like this were hard to come by for Luo Zheng. After the meal, Luo Zheng asked around for information regarding the Central Domain. After gathering some necessary information, he returned to his secret cultivation room and began his endless cultivation. During this period of time, he had a feeling that he was about to break through to the Mid Divine Core realm, and perhaps it wouldn't be long before he broke through to the Mid Divine Core realm.
After he broke through to the Mid Divine Core realm, his chances of fighting Cui Xie would be higher.
However, Luo Zheng still needed to find an opportunity to fight Cui Xie, and he just needed to know when this opportunity would come. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng occasionally came out to gather information.
Aside from Luo Zheng who was busy with his cultivation, Ning Yudie was also busy with her cultivation.
Even though all kinds of news had piled up like a mountain in Cloud Palace, and Daoist Great Dream had passed them to her, she had thrown them all to one side, as if she wasn't too interested in learning about the movements in the Central Region.
As a Palace Master, this kind of action was very irresponsible.
After the Tian Xie Sect defeated the Void Spirit Sect, its influence was like the sun in the sky, and it was experiencing changes every single day. Even those independent warriors who had joined the other big sects had 'disappeared', and were now joining the Tian Xie Sect. In the hearts of these independent martial artists, it was impossible for them to have a sense of belonging to a sect. Whoever could give them benefits, whoever was strong, they would submit to that person. And the "Heavenly Evil Divine Kingdom" clearly had both of these conditions!
Even the number one sect in the Central Domain had been defeated by them, so which other sect could stop the Kingdom of Evil Deities?
Right now, the Kingdom of Evil Deities was slowly expanding towards the center of the Central Domain, and they had swallowed all the second and third ranked sects. How could those third ranked sects have the strength to resist? Without wasting a single soldier, they all declared their allegiance to the Kingdom of Evil Deities, and became the vassals of the Kingdom of Evil Deities.
The situation was getting more and more dangerous, and the pressure on the Elders of the Cloud Hall was getting greater and greater. But, as the Palace Master, Ning Yudie had no idea about this, and she didn't even leave her Ice Palace.
"This can't go on like this, the Heavenly Awakening City has sent people here, but none of them have met the shop owner!"
"Right now, the Cloud Hall can only join forces with the World Business Alliance to fight against the Tian Xie Sect, but the Palace Master hasn't made any moves, what should we do?"
"Sigh, although the Palace Master has outstanding strength, she is now troubled by her personal affairs, but the Cloud Hall can't … Big Dream, why don't you go and persuade the Palace Master?"
These days, Ning Yudie had announced that she was going into seclusion and wouldn't see anyone. If it was in the past, it wouldn't have mattered. In history, it was common for the Cloud Hall Palace Master to go into seclusion for eight to ten years, but it also depended on the timing. Now that the world wasn't peaceful, how could the Cloud Hall be without a leader?
Daoist Big Dream was the person closest to Ning Yudie, and at the same time, he understood Ning Yudie's feelings the most!
Daoist Big Dream was much older than Ning Yudie. Although Ning Yudie was the Palace Master, Daoist Big Dream still treated Ning Yudie as a little girl. He understood Ning Yudie's character, and if she was stubborn, no one would be able to persuade her. It was this stubbornness, combined with her talent, that allowed her to ascend to the position of Palace Master.
Under the advice of many Elders, Daoist Big Dream clenched his teeth and charged into the Ice Palace.
Inside the Ice Palace, there was an azure frost energy everywhere. This was condensed from the true essence that Ning Yudie released when she was cultivating. When Ning Yudie was still in the False Tribulation realm, the frost energy she released didn't have much of an effect on Daoist Big Dream. But now that Ning Yudie was a Life and Death realm master, even the frost energy she released was a great threat to Daoist Big Dream!
Therefore, after entering the Ice Palace, Daoist Big Dream had to carefully avoid the constantly flowing aura. Not only that, but he also had to circulate his true essence to resist the biting cold of the Ice Palace.
When he bypassed the layers of frost energy and found Ning Yudie, Daoist Big Dream's face revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. Ning Yudie was actually lying here, asleep!
When a martial artist's cultivation reached this level, it was very rare for them to be so tired that they fell asleep. They could only meditate to adjust their spirit. Daoist Big Dream didn't know how hard she cultivated to be able to tire herself to this extent.
There were only a few small Ice Phoenixes curled up beside her. When they saw Daoist Big Dream come in, those Ice Phoenixes spread their wings and vigilantly stared at Daoist Big Dream.
Then, Ning Yudie also vigilantly opened her eyes. She coldly glanced at Daoist Big Dream and spat out two words, "What's the matter?"
Daoist Big Dream hesitated for a moment, then said, "The World Business Alliance's Alliance Master, Shi Kefan, has already sent people to request an audience with Palace Master several times. They said they have important matters to discuss with my Cloud Hall!"
Ning Yudie slightly nodded and said indifferently, "I know." Then, she crossed her bare feet and raised her head to ask, "What does the World Business Alliance want to do now?"
"What they mean is that we can't just sit and wait for death." Daoist Big Dream had communicated with the World Business Alliance before.
In fact, after it escalated to a sect war, the situation was very clear. When large sects fought against large sects, there was only a fist to the flesh confrontation. Any schemes and tricks would be useless.
Now that the Tian Xie Sect was rapidly expanding, the ones who should be anxious shouldn't be the Tian Xie Sect, but the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance. Therefore, biding their time was the worst choice.
Ning Yudie thought for a moment, then nodded and said, "I understand."
"Then how does Palace Master plan to deal with this matter?" Daoist Big Dream asked.
"We'll discuss a strategy with the World Business Alliance. We'll join forces to suppress the Tian Xie Sect!" Ning Yudie seemed to have made some kind of decision.
Daoist Big Dream nodded, "I'll notify the World Business Alliance."
Right now, the one who was most anxious wasn't the Cloud Hall, but the World Business Alliance.
The Cloud Hall still had the Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation to rely on. Although the Tian Xie Sect would choose to attack Cloud Sea City and the Cloud Hall sooner or later, it was still much more difficult to deal with than Tianqi City. In comparison, the World Business Alliance was located in the richest city in the world, Tianqi City. It was very likely that they would choose to attack the World Business Alliance before then!
Although the World Business Alliance had that ancient giant and three fat alliance masters with unfathomable strength, the power hidden under the World Business Alliance was comparable to that of a Rank 6 Sect.
But when facing the Cui Xie and the Tian Xie Sect, it was still difficult to deal with them alone. It would be strange if they weren't anxious.
Fortunately, the teleportation formation between Cloud Sea City and Tianqi City was still in good condition. Although the two cities were thousands of miles apart, they were only separated by a single teleportation formation.
One month later …
Ning Yudie's figure floated past the right side of the Cloud Hall. Her gaze inadvertently fell on Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin was still patiently sitting at the door of Luo Zheng's secret cultivation room. She supported her face with one hand and stared blankly at the gray door.
"Xi Youqin is my woman …" This sentence kept lingering in Ning Yudie's ears.
Ning Yudie's small face sank slightly. Then, her eyes revealed some envy. If she could put aside her identity as the Hall Master and wait bitterly for Luo Zheng, it would also be a great happiness.
At this moment, Xi Youqin felt the gaze from above. She raised her head slightly and saw Ning Yudie not far away.
When the two women's gazes met, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and smiled at Ning Yudie, revealing her white teeth.
Ning Yudie felt uncomfortable in her heart. She snorted coldly and floated away.
Xi Youqin turned her head and continued to look at Luo Zheng's secret cultivation room. Her face revealed a faintly discernible smile. It was the smile of a victor.