In the Conference Hall, many Elders had already gathered, waiting for Ning Yudie's arrival.
Ning Yudie hadn't even stepped into the Conference Hall when a fierce cold wind blew in. The Conference Hall suddenly became like a world of ice and snow, and a dense killing intent immediately enveloped everyone. Several Elders couldn't help but lift their lapels.
When Ning Yudie walked in with a dark face, several Elders looked at each other in dismay.
"What's wrong with the Hall Master?"
"Did she suffer some kind of shock?"
"Shh, everyone, lower your voices …"
During this period of time, Ning Yudie's mood wasn't good. No one dared to speak too much. Offending her wouldn't end well.
Daoist Master Dameng bowed to Ning Yudie and said, "Hall Master, the Cloud Hall is ready. Everyone can set off now."
Ning Yudie nodded and carelessly said, "Mm."
Seeing her worried expression, Daoist Master Dameng couldn't help but remind her, "Hall Master, Luo Zheng hasn't arrived yet."
Many Elders uniformly stared at Ning Yudie.
Ever since Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall, many Elders in the Cloud Hall had a new evaluation of Luo Zheng's strength. Although Luo Zheng was only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he had easily killed Great Teacher Zhuo. His combat strength was probably above Daoist Master Dameng's. He was also an indispensable high-end combat strength for the Cloud Hall.
Although a Sect war involved millions of Martial Artists, it was often the top powerhouses who decided victory or defeat.
After a month of discussion, the Cloud Hall and Tian Qi Sect finally reached a consensus. As the two top Sects in the Central Domain, they couldn't sit still and wait for death. They decided to join forces and actively attack the Tian Qi Sect.
Daoist Master Dameng originally planned to inform Luo Zheng, but in the end, Ning Yudie said she would go by herself. However, after circling around, Ning Yudie returned to the Conference Hall with a murderous aura. Only Luo Zheng wasn't there.
Daoist Master Dameng naturally didn't understand. Many Cloud Hall Elders also didn't understand.
"No need to call him. Gather all Divine Realm Martial Artists and above. Let's set off!" Ning Yudie's aura suddenly skyrocketed. The Secret Art she cultivated was already extremely powerful, and after stepping into the Life and Death Realm, her strength had increased by several folds. As such, when her aura erupted, the hearts of many Elders trembled!
Countless disciples had formed independent groups in the sky above Cloud Hall, and they were flying towards Ocean of Clouds City.
When one looked up into the sky from afar within the city, one could see an expanse of dense black dots descending incessantly. Every single one of them was a cultivator, so how magnificent was such a scene in the eyes of the mortals of the city?
"I heard the Cloud Hall is about to set off!"
"Sigh, the Tian Xie Sect's influence is expanding. I think the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance are about to launch their final counterattack."
"I'm afraid this war will decide the ownership of the Central Domain! That Cui Xie is indeed an incredible man. If he really succeeds, he will be able to unify the entire Central Domain! "
Since ancient times, no single power had been able to unify the entire Central Domain. If Cui Xie succeeded, he would be the number one man in the history of the Central Domain.
After the Cloud Hall's Martial Artists entered the city, they all flew toward the Teleportation Formation. The first to enter were the Divine Realm Martial Artists, followed by the Divine Core Martial Artists, and then the False Tribulation Realm Elders in the Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie, Daoist Master Dameng, and the others were the last to enter.
Standing next to the Teleportation Formation, Ning Yudie turned around and looked at the Cloud Hall floating in the sky.
At this moment, Daoist Master Dameng said. "Palace Master, we should bring Luo Zheng with us."
No matter what, Ning Yudie shouldn't leave Luo Zheng behind.
There was a huge grudge between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie. Even if it wasn't because of the Tian Xie Sect, Luo Zheng and Cui Xie would still have to fight. Furthermore, ever since Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall, he hadn't shown his true strength. Luo Zheng had contributed a lot to the Cloud Hall, but he wasn't involved in the most important matters of the Cloud Hall. It was a bit too much.
"I think it's more suitable for him to stay behind in the Cloud Hall." Ning Yudie suddenly said with a smile. This time, the Cloud Hall didn't send out all its Martial Artists, they just left a small group of Martial Artists behind. "Besides, he seems to like this kind of life. He has beauties by his side every day, and he enjoys it very much. There's no need to bring him along!"
"This … Palace Master, I think we're facing a great enemy. Shouldn't we put these personal matters aside first?" Daoist Master Dameng's words were more straightforward. What he meant was, 'Are you jealous because of Palace Master? If you're jealous, then be jealous, but don't joke about the fate of the Cloud Hall. '
Ning Yudie snorted, turned around, and walked into the Teleportation Formation.
Daoist Master Dameng and the other Elders looked at each other and smiled bitterly. Then, they also entered the Teleportation Formation.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already entered a meditative state. He felt that his cultivation was only a thin line away from the middle stage of the Void Tribulation Realm. As long as he broke through the last layer, he would be able to steadily break through!
Although Luo Zheng didn't know much about the situation in the Central Domain, he was able to analyze it thoroughly. The day of his battle with Cui Xie was getting closer and closer. Therefore, breaking through to the middle stage of the Void Tribulation Realm had become a matter of necessity for him!
In the secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng could no longer sense the passage of time. During this period of time, Qinglong and Chi Long rarely spoke. Previously, Xun would secretly leave Luo Zheng's body, but now, she seemed to be in a deep slumber and rarely appeared.
After all, it was Luo Zheng's time to break through a bottleneck. Although it shouldn't be too difficult for Luo Zheng to break through to the middle stage of the Void Tribulation Realm, breaking through any bottleneck was very important. It couldn't be affected in the slightest.
Xi Youqin was still sitting quietly at the entrance of the secret cultivation room. Occasionally, she would enter Cloud Sea City to collect some rare flowers and carefully trim them. Then, she would arrange them into exquisite shapes according to a certain pattern.
Right now, there were six to seven pots of flowers placed at the entrance of the secret cultivation room. The flowers were arranged in a row, and they were colorful and beautiful.
During this period of time, the number of warriors in the Cloud Hall had obviously decreased. In the past, there would always be groups of warriors entering or leaving the secret cultivation room. But now, there were only a few people in the secret cultivation room, and all of them were Xiantian realm warriors. There were very few Divine Reflection and Divine Core warriors in the secret cultivation room.
The entire Cloud Hall was deserted.
Although Xi Youqin could clearly sense the changes in the Cloud Hall, she was too lazy to think about it. In Xi Youqin's mind, Luo Zheng had become her world. As for what happened outside of this world, she didn't want to know.
Therefore, even those common people in Cloud Sea City knew about the Cloud Hall's expedition, but she, a Divine Core warrior, didn't know about it!
"I've been in secluded cultivation for so long!" Xi Youqin pouted as she stared at the entrance of the secret cultivation room. She broke off a green root with her fair fingers, then with a gentle twist of her fingers, she accurately inserted the root into the pot.
The number of flowers placed at the entrance of the secret cultivation room kept increasing. Every day, she would place a pot of flowers in the secret cultivation room. At first, there were only seven to eight pots of flowers, but it slowly increased to a dozen pots, then twenty pots …
Unknowingly, the number of flowers placed at the entrance of the secret cultivation room had increased to 35 pots.
On this day, a powerful aura suddenly erupted from the secret cultivation room! This secret cultivation room was the highest level secret cultivation room in the Cloud Hall. The walls of the secret cultivation room were made with a special metal, but they couldn't stop the aura from leaking out.
A faint smile emerged on Xi Youqin's face. "Has he broken through? Will he come out from secluded cultivation today? "
She looked at the entrance with an expectant expression. Her clean and elegant face suddenly blushed. When she thought about what she was going to say to Luo Zheng, she felt shy and conflicted.
"Creak …"
The door of the secret cultivation room was pushed open. Luo Zheng's figure flashed out with a faint smile on his face. At this moment, he had stepped into the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
"Sure enough, he has broken through!" Xi Youqin stood up and walked towards Luo Zheng.
"Sorry to keep you waiting! How long has it been? "During this time, Luo Zheng was almost completely immersed in meditation. He had completely forgotten the passage of time.
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and said gently, "You can count these flowers and you'll know how many days have passed."
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over the flowers, and his expression changed. "35 days. I've been in secluded cultivation for so long this time …"
"It doesn't matter!" Xi Youqin still had a faint smile on her face. She brushed her black hair to one side and suddenly whispered, "Luo Zheng, can I sleep at your place tonight?" When she said this, her voice was as soft as a mosquito, almost inaudible. Her cheeks were also flushed.
Luo Zheng stared blankly. He hesitated for a moment, but then he nodded.
Both of them were still young, and this was the first time they had experienced the intimacy between a man and a woman, so it was inevitable that there would be some longing for them, but Luo Zheng still had Ning Yudie in his heart. What he did not know was that Ning Yudie was no longer in Cloud Hall.
(Sorry, I was too busy at the end of the year! It's too late! I'm sorry, everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝