Luo Zheng, who left the secret cultivation room, also felt that something was wrong. There were fewer disciples in the Cloud Hall, but Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it.
He couldn't imagine that no one in the entire Cloud Hall had informed him about such a big event.
How could Xi Youqin know what Luo Zheng was thinking? She had just said such shameful words. At this time, she was so embarrassed that she buried her whole head in his chest. She didn't even dare to look at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng then took her hand and returned to his room.
The two of them, who had their first taste of being a man and woman, spent another night together. Last time in the underground palace, the two of them were chased by Cui Xie, so they didn't have time to stop and taste this wonderful feeling.
After a night of pleasure, the two of them had surprisingly good physical strength. They didn't fall asleep until the early morning of the next day.
It wasn't until the next day that Luo Zheng really felt that something was wrong in the Cloud Hall. The Cloud Hall seemed to be too deserted, as if there were a lot of people missing.
He wanted to find Hua Tianming and the others to ask about the situation, but he found that the three of them weren't there. Helpless, Luo Zheng went to the Conference Hall, but it was also empty. During this period of time, most of the elders gathered in the Conference Hall every day. How could there be no one?
Just as he left the Conference Hall, Luo Zheng bumped into Fei Han.
As an elder of the Cloud Hall, Fei Han was already old. This time, he was the one who stayed behind and didn't accompany Ning Yudie to the battle.
After all, several elders still needed to stay in the Cloud Hall to preside over the Cloud Hall's Minor Heavenly Cycle Triple Kill Formation. This was to prevent Cui Xie from bypassing the World Business Alliance and attacking the Cloud Hall.
However, when the elites of the Cloud Hall were all out, even if they really attacked the Cloud Hall from the sky, it wouldn't make much sense. After all, all of the main forces of the Cloud Hall had gone to Tianqi City. Even if the Tian Xie Sect really attacked the Cloud Hall, it would only be destroying an empty shell. The Tian Xie Sect wouldn't have much interest in tormenting the Cloud Hall.
"Elder Fei Han, why are there so many people missing in the Cloud Hall?" Luo Zheng asked with a face of suspicion.
When Luo Zheng asked this question, Fei Han was also baffled. "Didn't the Hall Master inform you? Now, most of the martial artists of the Cloud Hall have already entered Tianqi City and are cooperating with the World Business Alliance to fight against the Tian Xie Sect. They set off a month ago. "
As soon as Fei Han said this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly changed. "No one informed me."
Fei Han more or less knew about the cold war between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. Fei Han touched his nose and shook his head with a strange expression. "I don't know what the Hall Master is thinking."
"What's the situation now?" Luo Zheng asked with concern.
Fei Han nodded. Although he stayed behind to guard the Cloud Hall, news of the war between the World Business Alliance and the Tian Xie Sect was reported every day. Luo Zheng asked the right person.
It turned out that when Ning Yudie chose to go to war and entered Tianqi City, she immediately declared war on the Tian Xie Sect. At the same time, the World Business Alliance also declared war on the Tian Xie Sect!
With these two Sects joining hands, the Tian Xie Sect had no choice but to pay attention to them!
The Tian Xie Sect didn't fear the Cloud Hall at all. After all, in the eyes of Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, there was only one person who was difficult to fight against in the Cloud Hall, and that was Ning Yudie. She cultivated the 《Empyrean Fairy Heart Sutra》, which was several times more difficult than other cultivation methods. After entering Life and Death Realm, although she had only gone through one life and death calamity, she could fight against experts who had gone through two or even three life and death calamities.
However, the influence of the Cloud Hall was far less than that of the World Business Alliance!
The development of the Cloud Hall was exactly the same as that of the Void Spirit Sect. For the Tian Xie Sect, the Cloud Hall was at best another Void Spirit Sect. As long as they besieged the Cloud Hall, they would be able to take it down sooner or later.
However, the World Business Alliance was different. This alliance, which was originally formed by a group of businessmen, had now developed into a colossus. In terms of pure strength, the World Business Alliance was actually a quasi-sixth-grade Sect. However, the World Business Alliance was neither a Holy Land nor a Divine Nation. It was very low-key, but it was a hidden force. Even the Tian Xie Sect had to be careful.
After the Tian Xie Sect defeated the Void Spirit Sect, they only moved around the eastern part of the Central Domain. They didn't act too fiercely. It seemed that they wanted to rest and recuperate. When they grew to a certain extent, they would attack the World Business Alliance.
However, the World Business Alliance wasn't stupid. Those businessmen were the smartest. How could they just sit there and wait for their doom?
Since the Tian Xie Sect didn't declare war, the World Business Alliance took the initiative to do so. After communicating with the Cloud Hall, the two most powerful Sects in the Central Domain declared war on the Tian Xie Sect on the same day.
As a result, the biggest Sect war in the Central Domain in the past thousand years began.
More than a month after the declaration of war, both sides had their victories and defeats. However, the war only happened locally. The World Business Alliance destroyed two outpost cities of the Tian Xie Sect, while the Tian Xie Sect continued to slowly advance towards the Central Domain.
Everyone in the Central Domain understood that no matter if it was the Tian Xie Sect or the allied forces formed by the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall, there would definitely be a real decisive battle between the two sides. The result of this battle would directly determine the direction of the entire Central Domain!
Whether Cui Xie succeeded in the challenge and integrated the Central Domain into the Country of Evil Deities, or whether the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall won and became the Holy Land, it would all depend on the result of this battle.
However, no one knew when this battle would break out. However, looking at the current situation, both sides had tested each other to a certain extent. Eventually, one side would lose patience. Once that happened, the final battle wouldn't be too far away.
"In other words, Ning Yudie is still in Tianqi City?" Luo Zheng asked.
However, Fei Han said earnestly, "Luo Zheng, the Cloud Hall needs you."
"Yes, I understand." At this point, Luo Zheng naturally didn't have the slightest intention of shirking his responsibilities. However, Ning Yudie was too much. She actually isolated him from such an important matter!
"The Hall Master is in a bad mood recently. It's good," Fei Han said again.
How could Luo Zheng not understand what Fei Han was hinting at? He smiled helplessly, but he didn't know where to start talking to Fei Han.
Unexpectedly, Fei Han muttered, "It's normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines. In the past, I had more than twenty women. Women just need to be coaxed." Fei Han only dared to say these words to Luo Zheng alone. When Ning Yudie was in the Cloud Hall, he didn't dare to say these words.
Hearing Fei Han's words, Luo Zheng almost fainted on the ground. It must be said that Elder Fei Han was really a playboy when he was young.
However, for a martial artist, marrying a wife was a simple matter. In the Central Domain, the status of a martial artist was as high as that of an immortal. Even the poorest martial artist was countless times richer than a rich mortal! Therefore, no martial artist would lack women.
After Fei Han left, Luo Zheng stood in the corridor and looked at the rolling clouds above the Cloud Hall. He muttered, "Do women really need to be coaxed?"
After leaving the corridor, Luo Zheng returned to his residence. Xi Youqin had just finished bathing. Her black hair was wet and tied up behind her head. She was wearing undergarments and her body was brimming with a healthy luster.
"Come with me," Luo Zheng said after seeing Xi Youqin.
"Where to?" Xi Youqin asked.
"Tianqi City," Luo Zheng said again.
"Okay!" Xi Youqin smiled. She didn't even ask Luo Zheng why he wanted to go to Tianqi City. If it was in the past, she would definitely interrogate him in detail.
In fact, Xi Youqin's personality hadn't changed. It was just her state of mind that had changed.
No matter what, Xi Youqin had already regarded Luo Zheng as the only home in her life. Moreover, she was also clear that her position in Luo Zheng's heart wasn't high. In the underground palace, she and Luo Zheng had sex once, and it was even forced by Luo Zheng.
This man didn't love her.
Xi Youqin was very clear about this point in her heart.
The only reason he was with her was because of his inherent sense of responsibility.
Xi Youqin, who was aware of this point, carefully maintained this relationship. Therefore, she didn't have any requests for Luo Zheng. She didn't dare to have any requests. She was afraid that after Luo Zheng's sense of responsibility disappeared, she would lose everything.
Women were indeed strange creatures. In just a few short months, her relationship with Luo Zheng had undergone such a huge reversal. She was now treading on thin ice, but she still enjoyed it.
After the two of them made some preparations, they quickly left the Cloud Hall and entered Cloud Sea City. Then, they stepped into the teleportation formation in Cloud Sea City. Under the blazing white light, Xi Youqin held Luo Zheng's hand and the two of them instantly disappeared into the spatial tunnel.
The situation in Tianqi City wasn't optimistic.
Ever since the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall declared war on the Tian Xie Sect, merchants were leaving Tianqi City one after another.
There was no lack of merchants in Tianqi City who were as rich as countries!
These merchants weren't cultivators. Even if they were cultivators, they were only in the Xiantian Realm. However, the wealth they controlled was much richer than most cultivators. Even False Tribulation Realm cultivators weren't as rich as them.
The entire World Business Alliance was formed by these merchants.
These merchants did very well in business, but they were helpless against the Sect war. Now that the war had been declared, many merchants chose to temporarily leave Tianqi City and seek refuge in other cities in order to preserve their lives.
The World Business Alliance was happy to cooperate with them. For the World Business Alliance, money was their foundation. The World Business Alliance, which controlled the economic lifeline, knew very well that as long as there was money, there would be cultivators willing to risk their lives for the alliance. This was the fundamental reason why the World Business Alliance was able to become a Rank 6 Sect.
As the light of the teleportation formation continued to flicker, Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin appeared in Tianqi City.
At this time, many merchants were lining up to leave Tianqi City through the teleportation formation. Suddenly, they saw a group of talented men and beautiful women appear here. Many people's gazes gathered on them.
"Luo Zheng!"
Before Luo Zheng and Xi Youqin stepped out of the teleportation formation, a voice immediately sounded out.
The voice sounded familiar, but Luo Zheng couldn't remember who it was. He turned his head towards the source of the voice, and saw a handsome young man looking at him with a smile on his face.
"Ao Xiang?" Although it had been two years, Luo Zheng could still recognize the man in front of him.
This Divine Realm genius from the Hulun Grassland had participated in the Martial Dao Competition with him. Both of them had the same goal; to stop Cui Xie's Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Formation and kill Si Miaoling.
But in the end, Ao Xiang's efforts were in vain. He was defeated by Si Miaoling, and he was nearly crippled by her.
But now, Luo Zheng noticed that Ao Xiang had broken through to the Late Divine Core realm, and he was only one step away from the False Tribulation realm!
Ao Xiang's talent wasn't bad either. Although he was an independent cultivator, no matter if it was luck or opportunity, he was one of the top cultivators in the Central Domain. Perhaps he was only slightly weaker than Luo Zheng and Xi Youjie. If not for his sister, perhaps he would have become a powerful independent cultivator in the future.
"You've joined the World Business Alliance?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ao Xiang nodded his head, then he smiled and said, "You've broken through to the Mid False Tribulation realm!"
Up until now, both men still had the same goal. One was to save his sister from Cui Xie, and the other was to save his lover from Cui Xie.
After seeing Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang seemed to be in a good mood. He hurriedly said, "Come with me, you've just arrived in Tianqi City, so you don't know the current situation!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head, then he grabbed Xi Youqin's hand and left the Teleportation Formation with Ao Xiang. After that, they flew towards the Merchant Alliance's headquarters in Tianqi City.
"Are all the people from the Cloud Hall in the Merchant Alliance's headquarters?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Although Fei Han had told Luo Zheng the general situation, Luo Zheng didn't know the details.
Ao Xiang's eyes lit up, then he said, "All the warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance have been mixed together. Only a few of them are still in the headquarters, and most of them have left the city."
This war between the sects was even more intense than Luo Zheng had expected. In fact, the battle between the upper echelons of the sects had yet to start, but the battles between the sects were extremely intense.
Just two days ago, in order to break free from Nine Tripod City, both the Tian Xie Sect and the World Business Alliance had lost several thousand warriors, and most of them were Divine Reflection warriors. Furthermore, the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had lost a Void Tribulation Sect Elder!
"Aren't both sides fighting between the Divine Reflection and Divine Core warriors? Why did a Void Tribulation warrior die? "Luo Zheng furrowed his brows and asked.
A helpless smile emerged on Ao Xiang's face. "This is also the biggest problem that has been bothering us!"
Warriors were divided into different realms, and the gap between realms was huge. Therefore, during the war between the sects, Void Tribulation warriors would only die in the hands of Void Tribulation warriors. But this time, two Void Tribulation warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had died in the hands of a group of Divine Reflection warriors.
Normally, a Divine Reflection warrior wouldn't pose much of a threat to a Void Tribulation warrior. Of course, except for an abnormal genius like Luo Zheng.
After all, no matter how many Divine Reflection Realm martial artists there were, it was very difficult for them to join forces and fight against a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. It might be very difficult for a False Tribulation Realm martial artist to kill a thousand Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, but if they couldn't win, a False Tribulation Realm martial artist could escape! Relying on the advantage of speed, he was able to forcefully wipe out the thousand Divine Reflection Realm martial artists one by one!
But this time, the Tian Xie Sect had invented a very strange tactic.
This kind of array was similar to a formation, but the Central Domain's warriors usually only had a few people working together to set it up. For example, the Void Spirit Seven had seven people working together to set it up.
However, the Heavenly Evil Sect had combined several hundred Divine Reflection Realm martial artists together. The power of this strange battle tactic was enough to instantly kill even a False Tribulation Realm martial artist if they were not careful.
If one were to simply count the number of peak experts in this sect war, the two sides were actually about the same. The World Business Alliance had that ancient giant whose strength was unfathomable, and now they had Ning Yudie. The Tian Xie Sect also had Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, two Life and Death warriors.
As for the number of Void Tribulation warriors on both sides, the difference was still about the same.
Originally, it was these few peak experts who decided the outcome of the sect war. But when the Tian Xie Sect had this strange tactic, the situation had been reversed!
Those Divine Reflection disciples, who were originally just bystanders, could erupt with a huge effect in the sect war, and this effect was enough to break the balance.
"This tactic is so mysterious. It's definitely not something Cui Xie could come up with. How did they do it?" After hearing Ao Xiang's words, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Ao Xiang sighed and said, "We also think so. This tactic is very mature. The Alliance Master is guessing that it might have been passed down from the four Divine Kingdoms."
"Four Divine Kingdoms!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "Could it be …"
"Yes, it's very likely that there's a Divine Nation behind the Heavenly Evil Sect," Ao Xiang said with certainty.
Luo Zheng immediately thought of the Saintess and the Divine Kingdom Prince in the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb. When Luo Zheng had killed the Divine Kingdom Prince, the Saintess had vowed to take revenge on him.
Moreover, the old man behind the Saintess had promised to give Wu Zhanhe the inner copy of the Five Poison Scripture because Wu Zhanhe had helped the Saintess dispel the curse on her.
The Central Domain and the four Divine Kingdoms were separated by the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Could it be that they really had people enter the Central Domain?