From a geographical point of view, although the Chaotic Astral Ocean was like an insurmountable moat, the history of God Nation was much longer than that of the Central Domain, and there were countless powerhouses there.
From the trip to the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb, it could be seen that Life and Death Realm powerhouses were the top existences in the Central Domain, but in God Nation, they were only followers of the Saintesses and Princes.
If God Nation really intervened, who in the Central Domain could resist the Tian Xie Sect?
Luo Zheng's face suddenly showed a cautious expression. "Did you come to this conclusion yourself?"
Ao Xiang shook his head. "Everyone in the World Alliance basically agrees with this point of view. Even the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall agrees!"
"Am I, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, still in Tianqi City?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's sudden question, Xi Youqin's ears immediately perked up, and a faint smile appeared on her face. Of course, Luo Zheng and Ao Xiang were talking, so they didn't notice her expression.
Ao Xiang asked suspiciously, "Why don't you, Luo Zheng, know about the Cloud Hall's actions?"
In Ao Xiang's opinion, Luo Zheng was definitely a core figure in the Cloud Hall. Now that the Cloud Hall was cooperating with the World Business Alliance to attack the Tian Xie Sect, it was very strange that Luo Zheng didn't know about it …
Luo Zheng laughed dryly. How could he explain the matter between him and Ning Yudie to outsiders? Moreover, did he really have a conflict with Ning Yudie? It probably couldn't be considered a conflict. It was just that Ning Yudie's attitude suddenly became cold, and Luo Zheng was somewhat helpless about it.
This time, all the elites of the Cloud Hall had come out, and only Luo Zheng had been left behind. How could he not have some thoughts?
However, after experiencing the matter with Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng roughly understood that crazy women were completely unreasonable. Although he was annoyed by Ning Yudie's actions, he wouldn't bicker with her. There was a saying that was quite good: only women and villains were difficult to raise …
Ning Yudie wasn't difficult to raise, she was just difficult to serve.
"At that time, I was in seclusion and didn't know about this matter. I hope brother Ao Xiang can tell me," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Ao Xiang also smiled and said, "The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall isn't in Tianqi City. During this time, she seems to have gone crazy, killing all the martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect. She rarely returns to Tianqi City …"
According to the original plan, the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance would join forces to declare war on the Tian Xie Sect. Ning Yudie, as the only remaining Life and Death Realm martial artist of the Cloud Hall, should have stayed behind to guard Tianqi City.
Tianqi City and the Tian Xie Sect would have a decisive battle sooner or later. Before that, the Life and Death Realm martial artists of both sides generally wouldn't make a move. Once the Life and Death Realm martial artists made a move, it meant that the real decisive battle had begun.
However, Ning Yudie broke this rule. From the beginning, she fought alone and slaughtered all the martial artists in the big cities occupied by the Tian Xie Sect. With regards to Ning Yudie acting alone, the Tian Xie Sect and the World Business Alliance were somewhat caught off guard.
The World Business Alliance was worried about Ning Yudie's safety. Ning Yudie's strength was unquestionable, but she couldn't resist both Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe at the same time. If the Tian Xie Sect set a trap for Ning Yudie and killed her, it would be a devastating blow to the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall.
That ancient giant of the World Business Alliance would find it difficult to deal with the Tian Xie Sect alone. Their hopes of resisting the Tian Xie Sect would be even slimmer.
However, it was also because of Ning Yudie attacking everywhere, which gave the Tian Xie Sect a headache!
The Tian Xie Sect's battle strategy could gather hundreds and thousands of Divine Reflection Realm martial artists together. However, this battle strategy wasn't without flaws. As long as one's strength was strong enough, they wouldn't necessarily have the opportunity to join forces. This battle strategy was effective against False Tribulation Realm martial artists, but against Life and Death Realm martial artists like Ning Yudie, it wasn't enough.
Ning Yudie didn't abide by the rules. She took the lead and often took the lives of hundreds and thousands of martial artists. This greatly slowed down the pace of the Tian Xie Sect's expansion.
The Tian Xie Sect also didn't seem to be ready for a decisive battle. The two Life and Death Realm martial artists in the sect had been biding their time and didn't plan to attack Ning Yudie for the time being.
As a result, the situation between the two sides continued in this ambiguous manner …
Relatively speaking, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall's worries were far greater than the Tian Xie Sect's. Ning Yudie's attack seemed to have taken a lot of advantages and defeated many of the Tian Xie Sect's forces. However, the martial artists at the bottom wouldn't affect the battle too much. The ones who really decided the outcome of this battle were those at the top.
Once the Tian Xie Sect began to counterattack, Ning Yudie would be in danger. Everything she had done before would not be worth it.
Because of this, many people came forward to persuade Ning Yudie, but she didn't listen at all.
The Elders of the Cloud Hall were her subordinates, so they naturally couldn't persuade her. The World Business Alliance was only her ally, so they couldn't order Ning Yudie around. She still did things her own way. She quietly left the Tian Xie Sect and stayed outside for five or six days. After killing several martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect, she returned to Tian Xie City and resupplied before leaving the Tian Xie Sect again. Over the past month, Ning Yudie had stayed in Tian Xie City for no more than four days …
After listening to Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng asked, "In other words, the Temple Master isn't in Tian Xie City?"
Ao Xiang faintly smiled, "It's hard to say, but she's most likely not in Tian Xie City …"
If a Life and Death Realm martial artist didn't deliberately inform others of their movements, who could track them?
"Too capricious," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Hearing Luo Zheng's evaluation, Xi Youqin, who was beside him, suddenly let out an "En" sound.
"You … en what?" Luo Zheng looked back at Xi Youqin and asked.
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes, and her lotus-like elegant face suddenly smiled and said, "Too capricious!"
How could Luo Zheng not understand that Xi Youqin's words actually had a hidden meaning? He could only sigh and follow Ao Xiang straight to the headquarters in Tian Xie City.
After entering the Merchant Alliance's headquarters, Ao Xiang had just reported the news of Luo Zheng's arrival in Tian Xie City. Immediately, someone came to invite Luo Zheng to the Merchant Alliance's Conference Hall.
In the past, the Merchant Alliance had a strong commercial aura, making it difficult for martial artists to associate it with the most powerful force in the world. Therefore, the World Business Alliance had always given people the impression that it was big but not strong. When some martial artists mentioned the World Business Alliance, they would use one sentence to describe it: After all, it was a group of profit-seeking businessmen.
But this time, after the World Business Alliance declared war on the Tian Xie Sect, the entire Tian Xie City had undergone earth-shaking changes!
The Merchant Alliance's headquarters was filled with a desolate aura, and the entire Tian Xie City was covered with hundreds of thousands of runes, forming a super large Spirit Array! This Spirit Array was far inferior to the Cloud Hall's Xiao Zhou Tai Energy Triple Kill Array, and it was even inferior to the Void Spirit Sect's Sect Protecting Array, but it won in terms of quantity!
After all, the Runic Tower in Tian Xie City was the gathering place of all the Rune Masters in the world. Moreover, with the wealth of the World Business Alliance, other Sects simply could not compare. These runes were set up as if they did not cost money, and their power would not be too small!
Under Ao Xiang's lead, Luo Zheng entered the Merchant Alliance's Conference Hall. As soon as Luo Zheng entered, he saw several familiar figures. In addition to Daoist Master Dameng and the other Elders of the Cloud Hall, there were also the three fat leaders of the World Business Alliance. As for the ancient giant in Tian Xie City, he was not among them.
"Luo Zheng! You're finally here! "Shi Kefan's round face was flushed red. After seeing Luo Zheng, everyone was pleasantly surprised.
"Greetings to the three leaders." Luo Zheng bowed to Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others.
In fact, after the World Business Alliance knew that Luo Zheng had returned to the Cloud Hall, they had reminded Ning Yudie several times to let Luo Zheng come to Tian Xie City. However, every time, Ning Yudie would use the excuse that Luo Zheng was in closed-door cultivation as an excuse to refuse. After all, Luo Zheng was a member of the Cloud Hall. Although the two Sects had joined forces at this time, they could not directly intervene in the matters of the Cloud Hall.
After a simple greeting, Shi Kefan immediately said, "Luo Zheng, since you are willing to appear in Tian Xie City, I presume you will also fight against Cui Xie with our World Business Alliance, right?"
Shi Kefan's words were very clever. He knew that there was an irreconcilable conflict between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie, so after he spoke, he did not say that he would fight against the Tian Xie Sect, but directly said that he would fight against Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "Of course."
"Then please move to the Runic Tower. With the help of your runes, our chances of fighting against Cui Xie will increase by 20%!" Shi Kefan said quickly.
Increase by 20% …
Hearing Shi Kefan's words, everyone was shocked. However, on second thought, if Luo Zheng could arrange a formation more powerful than the Cloud Hall's Sect-Protecting Formation, coupled with the strength of the World Business Alliance, it was really possible!