Everyone's gazes were focused on Luo Zheng, especially Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan.
Although Luo Zheng had entered the False Tribulation Realm and was a great supplement to the combat power of the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng's rune technique was more outstanding compared to the strength he had shown. Therefore, everyone felt that Luo Zheng should join the Runic Tower!
Moreover, Luo Zheng had no reason to refuse. Everyone was on the same side now. The World Business Alliance might need Luo Zheng's help to fight against the Tian Xie Sect, but Luo Zheng also needed to rely on the World Business Alliance to fight against Cui Xie.
Just as everyone was looking forward to it, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "Alliance Master Shi, I'm sorry, but I can't enter the Runic Tower now."
"Why?" Shi Kefan was also a little surprised by Luo Zheng's rejection.
"The current situation doesn't give me enough time to set up a large formation," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng was drawing divine patterns, not runes. The time and experience it took far exceeded that of ordinary runes. When Luo Zheng set up the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Killing Formation for the Cloud Hall, it took Luo Zheng nearly two months.
Moreover, the Cloud Hall was merely equivalent to a tenth of the size of Ocean of Clouds City. As for Heavenly Awakening City, it was more than 3 times larger than Ocean of Clouds City. Setting up a grand formation to protect such an enormous city? There was no time at all.
Luo Zheng immediately said, "But don't worry, Alliance Master Shi. I will choose to participate in the battle."
It was time to resolve the conflict between him and Cui Xie. Before that, Luo Zheng still had one thing to worry about. Since the last Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng had not received any news from Luo Yan.
However, based on Cui Xie's judgment that Luo Yan should still be fine when he wanted to take Xi Youqin away. However, where was Luo Yan now? Where did Cui Xie hide it? Luo Zheng knew nothing about it.
Shi Kefan knew he couldn't change Luo Zheng's mind, but in the past, this young man was able to fight against a Divine Core warrior when he was just a Divine Reflection warrior. And now, Luo Zheng was already a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist. Would he be able to cross a realm and fight against a Life and Death Realm martial artist?
If possible, then Luo Zheng's strength was likely to be above Shi Kefan and the others …
"Since Luo Zheng has made his own choice, I won't force you. You can form a small team with the others and listen to the orders of the allied forces," Shi Kefan said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded and prepared to register.
Unexpectedly, just as Luo Zheng left the chamber, he saw a white figure shoot down like a meteor and smash the dome of the chamber.
"Bam!"
Broken pieces of rock flew in all directions. Xi Youqin who had been quietly following behind Luo Zheng shrunk her head and hid behind him like a little kitten.
Actually, as a Divine Core warrior, she could easily block all the flying debris with her protective Zhen Yuan. However, she didn't have the intention to do so, she just hid behind Luo Zheng.
Everyone looked over and saw that the white figure was indeed Ning Yudie!
Ning Yudie looked really pitiful right now.
Her long black hair, which had always been draped behind her, was now tied into a ponytail. This outfit made her look much livelier, but at this time, half of the ponytail was burnt and scattered on her shoulders.
Ning Yudie's body was covered with wounds as well. A few parts of her clothes were burnt, and there were even a few bruises on her face.
"Palace Chief!"
"Palace Chief! Are you alright? "
Seeing Ning Yudie in such a state, Daoist Dameng and a few Sect Elders from the Cloud Hall immediately went up and surrounded her.
Shi Kefan asked with concern, "Palace Chief Ning, were you attacked by the Tian Xie Sect?"
Ning Yudie replied with a relaxed expression, "I'm fine, I accidentally walked into their trap and suffered some minor injuries!"
It turned out that Ning Yudie had decided to launch a sneak attack on the Tian Xie Sect's campsite, which was located a thousand miles away. There were over 4000 independent warriors gathered in this campsite, and the weakest of them was at least at the Divine Reflection realm. There was only one Void Tribulation warrior among them.
When these Divine Reflection realm warriors joined forces and used Cui Xie's battle techniques, their power was truly astonishing. However, if Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie weren't there, Ning Yudie would still be able to take them down. However, this time, Ning Yudie had underestimated the enemy, because the only Void Tribulation warrior was called Xuan Chen.
From the start, Ning Yudie had planned to take the life of the only Void Tribulation warrior first, so that she wouldn't be restricted later. As long as she killed that Void Tribulation warrior, the rest of the motley crew would be like a dish on a plate to Ning Yudie.
However, what Ning Yudie didn't expect was that this warrior called Xuan Chen was a bait from the start!
Yes, Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe still hadn't made a move against Ning Yudie, but they had sent Xuan Chen. This person was the chief military advisor of the Kingdom of Evil Deities! This Xuan Chen had always been resourceful. This time, he had purposely led thousands of Divine Reflection realm warriors to set up a trap here, waiting for Ning Yudie.
The result was very smooth. Ning Yudie had indeed pounced into the trap he had set up.
From the moment Ning Yudie had prepared to assassinate Xuan Chen, she had already walked into one trap after another that Xuan Chen had set up.
Under Xuan Chen's command, the more than four thousand Illuminating Spirit Realm cultivators worked together in an orderly manner. These Illuminating Spirit Realm cultivators were nothing more than ants in Ning Yudie's eyes, but when they merged into a single entity, even Ning Yudie could not avoid them!
So Ning Yudie immediately fell into this trap. That Xuan Chen didn't panic. On one hand, he blocked her attacks, and on the other hand, he directed those Divine Reflection realm warriors to strangle Ning Yudie.
It could be said that Ning Yudie's strength was outstanding. Even though she had fallen into the trap set up by Xuan Chen, under her full strength, she had forcibly torn open a gap and escaped!
This was also the reason why Ning Yudie looked so miserable. Thousands of Divine Reflection realm warriors had joined forces to attack. There were all kinds of methods, wind, fire, lightning, poison. They greeted her uniformly. How could she not be miserable?
"Hall Master, please don't act on your own again!"
"Hall Master, this time the Tian Xie Sect set up a trap. Next time, I'm afraid they will personally take action. Please reconsider!"
A few Sect Elders were trying their best to persuade Ning Yudie. But, they had repeated the same thing countless times, and it didn't work at all.
Right at this moment, Ning Yudie suddenly saw Luo Zheng. At the same time, she also saw Xi Youqin who was standing behind Luo Zheng. She immediately raised her brows. That woman was still lying on Luo Zheng's back? Looking at her posture, it seemed like she was just trying to avoid the stones that flew out from the roof. Why would a Divine Core warrior be afraid of these things?
This woman was really pretentious!
Ning Yudie commented in her mind. After venting her dissatisfaction, she let out a cold snort and prepared to leave.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng stood in front of Ning Yudie. Fei Han's words suddenly echoed in his mind. Women were meant to be coaxed, but how?
"What are you doing?" Ning Yudie raised her head and stared at Luo Zheng. Her phoenix eyes were filled with a ferocious killing intent. During this period of time, Ning Yudie had killed too many people, and naturally, she had absorbed a lot of killing intent.
However, aside from the killing intent, there was also a trace of panic in her eyes as she stared at Luo Zheng.
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, and everyone from the Cloud Hall were all looking at Luo Zheng. No matter what, if Luo Zheng could persuade Ning Yudie, it would be a good thing. But, they had no idea how Luo Zheng could persuade her to stop leaving Heaven Awaken City alone.
"Xiao Die, don't be so stubborn …" Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie and said with a gentle voice.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, many Void Tribulation Realm warriors in the meeting hall nearly fell to the ground.
This Luo Zheng really didn't treat himself as an outsider, nor did he treat Ning Yudie as a Hall Master!
Hearing Luo Zheng's tone, Ning Yudie's heart rippled slightly. However, from the corner of her eyes, she suddenly glanced at Xi Youqin behind Luo Zheng. When she saw the faintly discernible expression on Xi Youqin's face, the ripples in her heart were immediately covered by anger. Then, her voice rose an octave. "What did you call me? Is Xiao Die something you can call? You are a member of the Cloud Hall, and I am the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. Then, I am the ruler, and you are only the subject! Luo Zheng, please understand your position clearly! "
When Shi Kefan saw this situation, he knew it was bad. He wasn't a member of the Cloud Hall, so he didn't know much about the relationship between Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng. Although the Elders of the Cloud Hall knew about it, they couldn't spread this matter outside. Could it be that Daoist Master Dameng had told Shi Kefan that his Hall Master was being so stubborn because of jealousy?
So, Shi Kefan hurried over and prepared to mediate.
＝＝＝＝＝