However, before Shi Kefan could step forward, Luo Zheng got angry first.
Luo Zheng's personality had always been like this. Perhaps he didn't understand Elder Fei Han's words. Women were meant to be coaxed …
Originally, he wanted to gently persuade Ning Yudie, but he was slapped in the face by Ning Yudie. His face suddenly turned ugly.
Seeing the change in Luo Zheng's expression, Ning Yudie raised her head and sneered, "What? Am I wrong? "
"Right? That's right! "Luo Zheng chuckled, his face cold." You're right! You are the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, a high and mighty figure. But now you are wrong! From now on, I am no longer a member of the Cloud Hall! "
This time, not only Shi Kefan felt bad, but everyone else also felt bad. It seemed like a fight was about to break out!
Ao Xiang couldn't get a word in this meeting hall, so he had been hiding in the corner and didn't speak. When he saw Luo Zheng daring to talk to the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall like this, he was stunned. This Luo Zheng was too fierce …
"Not a member of the Cloud Hall?" Ning Yudie sneered, "Do you think you can enter and leave the Cloud Hall as you wish? Those who leave the Cloud Hall without permission will be hunted down by the entire Cloud Hall! "
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan finally squeezed in front of the two and separated them. Shi Kefan also made a "shh" gesture, indicating that the two should stop talking. Unexpectedly, it didn't work at all.
"I want to see how the Cloud Hall will hunt me down!" Luo Zheng didn't give in at all.
As soon as Luo Zheng spoke, he suddenly saw that Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with tears. Her face was full of sadness, and she was about to cry. She didn't quarrel with Luo Zheng anymore. Instead, she gritted her teeth and released her True Spirit. Her figure suddenly turned into an escape light, flying out of the Tianqi City!
"Hall Master!"
"Hall Master!"
When the several Elders saw this, they were shocked. Although Ning Yudie's injuries weren't serious and she only had some external injuries, she still needed to rest in Heavenly Awakening City for two days. How could she run away like this? As for Daoist Greatdream, he transformed into a streak of light, chasing after Ning Yudie.
Luo Zheng also seemed to be angry. He snorted coldly and left in a huff! Xi Youqin followed closely behind him.
As for Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others, they exchanged glances.
"What do you think is going on with their quarrel? What kind of conflict is there between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie? " Shi Kefan shook his head, puzzled. The dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall was actually crying in front of so many people. This was an inconceivable thing in itself.
"I don't feel it. I feel that the two of them are quarreling like children …" Yan Yueshan said.
Mo Haishan also didn't say anything. He stood to the side silently.
"Yes, you're right. The two of them aren't quarreling like children! It seems like they're quarreling with a couple! " When Shi Kefan said this, the three Alliance Masters' faces immediately revealed a certain expression. Shi Kefan's last guess seemed to be the most consistent with the truth of the matter.
This wasn't something that was very difficult to guess. It was just that no one in the Merchant Alliance knew about it. From the beginning, Ning Yudie didn't bring Luo Zheng with her. When the two of them met, they quarreled in a childish and boring tone. Other than this, there was no other possibility.
However, the three Alliance Masters shook their heads helplessly. Now that they were facing a powerful enemy, what were these two doing? Quarreling at this critical juncture was really too … capricious.
Luo Zheng walked in front, panting with rage. Xi Youqin followed closely behind him.
Before long, they arrived at the residence that the Merchant Alliance had arranged for Luo Zheng. It was an exquisitely decorated courtyard.
After entering the courtyard, Luo Zheng sat down angrily. Xi Youqin quickly helped Luo Zheng brew a pot of tea. She filled the teacup to the brim and placed it in front of Luo Zheng.
Seeing Luo Zheng's distressed appearance, Xi Youqin suddenly leaned over to Luo Zheng's back and shouted, "Luo Zheng!"
"Hm?" Luo Zheng stared blankly at the ceiling before responding.
"You're not magnanimous enough," Xi Youqin said.
Luo Zheng smiled helplessly and nodded silently.
Xi Youqin was right. He was indeed not magnanimous enough. Or rather, he was not magnanimous enough towards Ning Yudie.
In fact, Luo Zheng was only 20 years old. He had just passed the juvenile stage and entered the youth stage. Judging from the heart of martial arts, Luo Zheng was indeed a qualified warrior. It could even be said that he was a natural warrior!
But from another perspective, he was still a young man. When it came to relationships, his mentality was not good and he was not mature. Just like what Xi Youqin said, he was not magnanimous enough in front of Ning Yudie!
At this moment, Xun suddenly appeared beside Luo Zheng. She looked at Xi Youqin with a hint of ridicule. "Isn't this the result you wanted?"
Xi Youqin had always been afraid of Xun. What she was afraid of was not Xun's strength, but her words. She often made Xi Youqin feel at a loss.
But now, Xi Youqin nodded and said resentfully, "This is indeed the result I wanted, but Luo Zheng is not happy."
"How do you know if Luo Zheng is happy or not?" Xun asked again.
Xi Youqin shook her head and said, "He definitely won't be happy."
Indeed, just like what Xi Youqin said, Luo Zheng was very depressed for the next two days.
In the past, no matter what time it was, Luo Zheng would speed up his cultivation as long as he was free. But these two days, he spent all his time in a daze and sighed from time to time.
Sitting in the room, Luo Zheng stared blankly at the window. From time to time, Ning Yudie's face appeared in his mind. Does this woman like to cry so much? Isn't it just a sentence?
Thinking back and forth, Luo Zheng felt more and more irritable. He drank twenty jars of wine in one breath.
However, with his physique, let alone twenty jars, even if he drank two hundred or two thousand jars, he still wouldn't get drunk. Instead, the entire courtyard was filled with the smell of wine.
Xi Youqin was extremely fond of cleanliness. When she smelled the strong smell of wine, she frowned. She originally wanted to go to Luo Zheng's room, but in the end, she hesitated. After all, she wasn't the cause of his irritation. She also knew that she wasn't important to Luo Zheng. She couldn't untie the knot in his heart.
Two days later, Luo Zheng left Xi Youqin in Tianqi City. After registering with the World Business Alliance, they quickly formed a small team and accepted the mission issued by the Alliance. They left Tianqi City and went straight east.
The Tian Xie Sect expanded from east to west, step by step.
According to the previous Sect wars, the lower level warriors from both sides would fight each other until they gained the upper hand. Then, the middle level warriors would be dragged into the fight, and finally, the upper level warriors would be dragged into the fight. At that point, the Sect war would come to an end.
Of course, some Sects had conducted a 'blitzkrieg' before. When the Sect war had just begun, all the mighty warriors from the Sect would come out and 'kill' the top warriors from the opposing Sect.
Similar to the Sect wars, all kinds of strategies were used.
But this Sect war was different.
The Tian Xie Sect had used a strange strategy. They rarely used their top warriors, and even if they didn't use any of their top warriors, they would still be able to suppress the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall.
Therefore, Tianqi City had no choice but to use their top warriors to fight against the Tian Xie Sect's bottom warriors.
No matter if it was the Divine Core warriors, Void Tribulation warriors, or Divine Core warriors, all of them were divided into small groups and sent out in batches to ambush the Tian Xie Sect's army. They were constantly trying to break down the Tian Xie Sect's invasion. This was a method Tianqi City had come up with after they had no other choice.
In the beginning, this method was indeed effective. The top warriors were able to suppress the enemy, and the Tian Xie Sect was still in the stage of accumulating their strength. Therefore, they couldn't send out any more top warriors to fight back.
But recently, a few warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance had died one after another. Most of them were Mid Void Tribulation warriors, and some were even Late Void Tribulation warriors.
When Luo Zheng went to accept a mission, he bumped into Hua Tianming and the others who had just returned.
Half a month ago, Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao, and Red Maple had all accepted a mission. But now, after completing their mission, they had to accept a new one.
Therefore, under Luo Zheng's request, the four of them formed a new team.
After learning that Luo Zheng had joined their team, Red Maple was so happy that he almost jumped up and down. Luo Zheng's heroic performance was still fresh in Red Maple's mind.
The three of them had come to a consensus. Luo Zheng's current strength was equivalent to an ordinary Life and Death warrior. With such an abnormal monster in their team, perhaps any problem they faced would be easily solved! Perhaps, their team's survival rate had also increased by a lot! How could they not be happy?
"Now that Luo Zheng has joined us, our team's name has to be changed! I think we should be called the Red Maple Team! "Red Maple said with a proud smile on his face.
Hua Tianming glared at Red Maple and said with a cold voice, "I don't agree, it sounds awful."
"Awful? How is that possible? Since we don't want to be called the Red Maple Team, then let's call it … the Bai Li Team! "Red Maple said with a grin on his face.
"It's still awful!" Hua Tianming shook his head.
The four of them kept flying at a low altitude, but Luo Zheng suddenly interrupted and said, "If that's the case, why don't you say it's called the Jia Lan Team?"
"Jia Lan … good name," Pei Tianyao suddenly nodded and praised. These two words were originally taken from Tantric Buddhism, meaning a guardian deity. However, Red Maple was still somewhat unhappy, "This name is inexplicable, I don't understand it at all. It's obviously not as domineering as I was before …"
Before he could speak, he heard a "whoosh" sound. Hua Tianming had already unsheathed his sword, so Red Maple tactfully shut his mouth.
Three days later, the Jia Lan Team appeared one thousand four hundred li east of Apocalypse City.
The Tian Xie Sect had originally started to expand from the east, but mainly from the northeast. However, since they had broken through Void Sky City, the entire east of the Central Domain had now been included in their expansion.
The four of them stood on a hillside and looked at a city not far away.
Hua Tianming took out the map in his hand and said while comparing it, "This city is called Tian Yun City. It's just a small city with a population of less than four hundred thousand."
The population of the central territory was truly too huge. For example, an extraordinarily large city like Heavenly Awakening City had a population that was counted in the hundreds of millions. On the other hand, even large cities like Void Sky City and Ocean of Clouds City had a population of a few tens of millions.
Therefore, a city with a population of only a few hundred thousand was indeed a small city.
"Although the population is small, this is a strategic military location. The Tian Xie Sect is building a Transmission Array here because it is located in a strategic location," Pei Tianyao said immediately.
Their mission this time was not to defeat the Tian Xie Sect's army, but to destroy the Transmission Array in Tian Yun City. Building a Transmission Array was not something that could be completed in a day or two. However, since the Tian Xie Sect planned to build a Transmission Array, there must be a lot of powerful martial artists guarding it.
"Only the four of us, can we complete it?" Red Maple's face showed a timid expression.
Pei Tianyao and Hua Tianming seemed to have gotten used to Red Maple's appearance and simply ignored him. This kid was naturally timid, but he still kept accepting missions. They didn't know if this kid was pretending to be timid or not!
"Let's go!" Hua Tianming ordered. Luo Zheng and the others had already rushed out.
Although this Sky Rhythm City was under the control of the Heavenly Evil Sect, most of the population were mortals. Basically, it was rare to see any cultivators. The construction of the Transmission Array was probably done in secret. The Heavenly Evil Sect couldn't send too many cultivators into the Sky Rhythm City with great fanfare. After all, that would arouse the suspicions of the Heavenly Awakening City.
However, what the Tian Xie Sect didn't know was that their news had already spread. Therefore, Luo Zheng led everyone to complete the mission of destroying the Transmission Array.
As soon as they entered the small city, someone tried to sell some specialties to Luo Zheng's group. Luo Zheng's group wasn't here for a tour, so they didn't care about these mortals. They directly explored the interior of Tian Yun City.
Luo Zheng suddenly spread out his perception. Tian Yun City wasn't big, so Luo Zheng used his perception to explore. If he could detect spatial fluctuations, he would naturally be able to find the location of the Transmission Array.
The problem was that the four of them had completely explored Tian Yun City, but there were no spatial fluctuations at all. This made Luo Zheng very puzzled!
"Something's wrong," Luo Zheng suddenly said vigilantly.
"I also feel that something's wrong!" Red Maple quickly said. Since entering Tian Yun City, he had been very nervous. It was said that timid people had an innate ability to escape. Red Maple was very timid, and his innate ability to escape was also very amazing. As long as Red Maple felt that something was wrong, there would always be a big crisis.
Hua Tianming looked back and forth. When they had just entered Tian Yun City, they could still see many mortals on the streets.
These mortals were still indifferent to the Sect wars between martial artists. Whether it was the Tian Xie Sect, the Cloud Hall, or the World Business Alliance, who controlled this small city had nothing to do with them.
"The people have disappeared," Hua Tianming's face showed a cautious expression.
Pei Tianyao also looked around vigilantly. He suddenly pointed at the city wall not far away. On the originally low city wall of Tian Yun City, a light blue barrier suddenly began to appear. It was this barrier that enveloped the entire small city!
At this time, the mortals who had disappeared opened their doors one by one and walked out.
"These people, what's wrong?" Red Maple looked at the mortals and asked strangely.
More and more people appeared on the streets of this small city. These people's eyes were lifeless, but they kept walking back and forth. Although they still had vitality, they looked like zombies without the slightest spirit.
"Trouble is coming," Luo Zheng's face sank and said to Hua Tianming, "You guys stay here!"
Although their team didn't appoint anyone as the leader, it was obvious at this time that only Luo Zheng was the core existence.
Hearing Luo Zheng's order, Hua Tianming drew his sword, sat cross-legged, hugged his sword, closed his eyes tightly, and began to accumulate power.
Hua Tianming was very clear that with Luo Zheng's current strength, if he was cautious, it was definitely an unprecedentedly strong enemy. Of course, Hua Tianming didn't dare to be negligent.
Like Hua Tianming, Pei Tianyao and Red Maple also had cautious expressions. They vigilantly stared at the mortals around them, even though these mortals were no threat to them.
Luo Zheng suddenly soared into the sky, turned into an escape light, and rushed towards the blue barrier. Before Luo Zheng could get close, he heard a faint laughter.
"Ahahaha! I didn't expect my luck to be so good today. The cage I set up in Tian Yun City actually captured a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm cultivator! "At this time, a sharp voice suddenly sounded.
The voice even had a trace of childishness, like a three or four year old child. The voice was loud and sharp.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng stared at the blue barrier and asked.
After a while, a faint silhouette appeared above the blue barrier. The silhouette gradually became clearer, revealing the appearance of a real person. However, Luo Zheng felt that this wasn't a real person, but a soul, or a projection of a soul.
Even on the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng had never seen such a secret technique that could project one's soul.
Of course, in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, Xun once talked to the Demon Night Clan's King. That was also a kind of soul projection, but it was beyond the scope of the Sea God Continent.
"Who are you? Answer me! "Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
As the silhouette became clearer, Luo Zheng saw a small boy. The boy looked delicate and cute, but his eyes were filled with ruthlessness.
"You don't need to know who I am. Once you enter my Mental Goblet, only death awaits you. Just like those guys, obediently die!" The boy's face was filled with childishness, but his words were filled with viciousness.
"Mental Goblet?" Luo Zheng asked unhurriedly.
The boy sneered, "There's no harm in telling you. I only need to gather the soul energy of the several hundred thousand mortals in this small city to project my soul! As for me, I have a Battle Soul Realm soul! "
Hearing the boy's words, Luo Zheng was speechless. It seemed like most of the False Tribulation Realm Elders who had died recently had died at the hands of this boy. Not to mention False Tribulation Realm Elders, even Life and Death Realm experts would find it hard to resist the soul of a Battle Soul Realm expert.
"You're not from the Central Domain, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"So what if I am, so what if I'm not? You should die first! I'll tell you later! " The boy sneered and suddenly drilled into Luo Zheng's mind. Obviously, he wanted to use the advantage of his Battle Soul Realm to directly erase Luo Zheng's soul.