Luo Zheng didn't know what method the boy used to project his soul into this small city.
But when he connected the dots to the strange scene in this small city with a population of several hundred thousand, and the boy mentioning something like the Spirit Cup, Luo Zheng guessed that he must have controlled the souls of these several hundred thousand mortals to allow the boy's soul to descend here.
Not only was this method inconceivable, but it was also extremely cruel.
Although the Sect Wars in the Central Domain were huge, and once a Sect War broke out, millions of disciples from both sides would be involved. It was truly a disaster with corpses strewn all over the place. However, it was rare for the common people to be involved.
Firstly, the combat strength of ordinary mortals in front of martial artists was close to zero. Secondly, the meaningless slaughter of mortals would attract too much baleful aura. The gains did not make up for the losses.
Moreover, these mortals were the foundation of the entire Central Domain. Countless geniuses were slowly born from these mortals. They were the cornerstone of the entire Central Domain's development. After all, the Central Domain didn't have a super cultivation holy land like the Sin Tower like the Sea God Continent. It could only rely on the accumulation of time and steadily develop.
If it weren't for the Seductive Sect, in another hundred years, one or two holy lands might have been born in the Central Domain. In another thousand years, there might be a seventh-rank holy land and several almighty Divine Sea Realm experts …
But this time, the Seductive Sect had broken the bottom line. They had no scruples at all.
Seeing the boy enter his mind, Luo Zheng didn't resist at all. Instead, he allowed the boy's soul to enter his mind.
"Have you given up resisting? The False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Central Domain are too weak. Not only are they weak, but their souls are also weak beyond my imagination! " The boy sneered. The other False Tribulation Realm martial artists he had killed before had more or less put up some resistance. However, this martial artist in front of him didn't put up any resistance. According to the boy's estimation, Luo Zheng's soul was even weaker than the previous False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
Luo Zheng's soul floated quietly in his mind, its entire body glowing with a green luster. Luo Zheng's soul was only a step away from the Blue Soul Realm, but Qinglong had asked Luo Zheng to stop cultivating his soul and wait for his soul seed to be completed before he could break through to the Blue Soul Realm.
Creating a Soul Seed seemed to be a very complicated task. Even with Qinglong's vast knowledge, the progress was extremely slow.
But even so, the strength of Luo Zheng's soul far surpassed other warriors. Whether it was the Sea God Continent or the Central Domain, Luo Zheng had never met a second warrior with a Battle Soul Realm soul. Similarly, there were no Life and Death Realm warriors or Battle Saints on the Sea God Continent.
Luo Zheng estimated that only the Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Purple Heart Sacred Land and the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land could possess a Battle Soul Realm soul.
As for the cultivation of this boy's body, Luo Zheng didn't know, but it shouldn't be too far off …
Soon, the boy appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
When the boy saw Luo Zheng, the sneer on his face suddenly froze. When the boy saw Luo Zheng's body glowing with a green luster, his voice trembled, "Blue, Blue Soul Realm?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "My soul is indeed weak, but your soul is even weaker, just like an ant!"
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the boy flew out of Luo Zheng's mind with a "swoosh"! A battle between souls often happened in an instant. When the boy saw that Luo Zheng's soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm, how could he stay any longer?
"Since you're here, don't think you can leave!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Then, from Luo Zheng's mind came a roar full of majesty!
"Roar!"
It was Qinglong's roar.
"What's that!"
The boy's face showed an extremely frightened expression. He saw that in the depths of Luo Zheng's mind, there seemed to be a huge dragon appearing. From the dragon's mouth, a ray of light rolled out. The ray of light emitted a great attraction, firmly nailing the boy's soul to the ground, unable to move at all.
Luo Zheng's soul floated in the void. He didn't intend to attack, but said to the boy indifferently, "I forgot to say, your opponent is not me, but it."
As soon as he finished speaking, the huge ray of light suddenly engulfed the boy, and then rolled him away …
Even if it was the powerful Evil Spirit of the Owl Beast, Qinglong had a way to capture it, not to mention that the boy was just a War Soul. How could he be Qinglong's opponent?
After Qinglong took the boy's soul away, he said to Luo Zheng, "This person's soul is very mixed. It should be formed by the souls of countless people gathered together. There's only a wisp of his soul in it."
"A wisp? Then the other souls must be the souls of the hundreds of thousands of ordinary mortals in this Sky Charm City. "Luo Zheng frowned.
"Yes, this boy seems to have used a kind of Soul Extraction Technique. He extracted a wisp of each person's soul and gathered it through his own soul," Qinglong said slowly.
Luo Zheng nodded, then opened his eyes and slowly descended towards Hua Tianming and the others.
"Luo Zheng, what happened? I think I just saw a soul enter your mind. "Hua Tianming's eyes were the sharpest, and there was a faint trace of worry on his face. A battle on the soul level was extremely dangerous, and he didn't know if Luo Zheng could deal with it properly.
"I've already killed it," Luo Zheng replied with a faint smile.
At this moment, the mortals in this small city opened their eyes one by one. However, most of them were holding their heads, and their spirits were dispirited. Some of them had even fainted on the ground.
A wisp of their souls had been extracted and used by the boy. After being swallowed by Qinglong, their souls were damaged at the same time, so they were naturally in pain.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng arrived in time. If this continued for a long time, the boy would have extracted the souls of these hundreds of thousands of mortals bit by bit. At that time, these hundreds of thousands of mortals would have become a group of walking corpses in their muddle-headedness.
At the same time, in the Void Spirit Sect, 10,000 kilometers away from Sky Charm City.
After the Tian Xie Sect conquered the Void Spirit Sect, they set the Void Spirit Sect as the temporary headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect!
In the center of the Void Spirit Sect's main hall, there was an eight-immortal offering table, and in the center of the table was a small Eight Trigrams Mirror. At this moment, a cracking sound came from the Eight Trigrams Mirror, and a crack appeared in the center of the Eight Trigrams Mirror!
At the same time, a painful scream came from the Eight Trigrams Mirror.
What appeared in the Eight Trigrams Mirror was the boy's face!
"Heartless Master! What happened to you? "
"Heartless Master, wait a moment, I'll go and invite the Monarch here!"
Several Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors who were waiting in the hall hurriedly flew away. This Heartless Master was extremely strange. Even though he was only projecting a soul in the hall, with such a perverted guy around, every breath was more dangerous. These Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors were nominally going to find Cui Xie, but in fact, they were taking the opportunity to escape.
After a while, Cui Xie's figure appeared in the hall.
Seeing a crack on the Eight Trigrams Mirror on the table, Cui Xie's face revealed a strange expression. He cupped his hands towards Heartless Master and asked, "Master, what's wrong?"
"Hmph, the wisp of soul I projected through the Eight Trigrams Mirror was destroyed!" The boy in the Eight Trigrams Mirror said coldly.
Cui Xie's face also revealed a surprised expression. He then asked, "Even if it's just a projected soul, it still has the strength of a Battle Soul Realm warrior. Who in the Central Domain can destroy your soul?"
"This person's soul is not only extremely powerful, but I also discovered a great secret!" The boy's face revealed a cold smile.
"Oh? What secret did you discover? "Cui Xie also revealed a look of interest.
"You don't need to know this. When the Astral Sea Storm is over, I will personally come to the Northern Heaven Region! Leave that boy to me! " The boy's face revealed a trace of an evil smile, and then his face gradually disappeared from the Eight Trigrams Mirror.
Hearing Heartless Master's words, Cui Xie's face darkened. Cui Xie could guess who Heartless Master was referring to. In the younger generation of the Central Domain, only Luo Zheng had such a powerful soul.