Cui Xie was very clear about the origin of this Heartless Sweetheart.
On the other side of the Chaotic Astral Sea was a vast continent. There used to be seven Holy Kingdoms on this continent, as well as some other races.
Compared to that continent, the vast Central Domain could only be regarded as a large island.
Three of the seven Holy Kingdoms had been destroyed because of the war with the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Thus, the current situation of the four Holy Kingdoms was formed.
This Heartless Sweetheart was from the same Holy Kingdom as the Saintess he had met in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Yu Da's Holy Kingdom!
After the last trip to the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, the Life and Death Realm "Elder Gong" from Yu Da's Holy Kingdom had indeed fulfilled his promise. He had passed the inner jade slip of the Five Poison Scripture to Wu Zhanhe through a secret method. Over the past two years, Wu Zhanhe had spent most of his time comprehending the inner jade slip of the Five Poison Scripture.
As for the Saintess, although she had vowed in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb that she would lead the experts of the Holy Kingdom to crush the Central Domain, it was impossible.
However, it was extremely difficult to cross the Chaotic Astral Sea.
In the sky above the depths of the Chaotic Astral Sea, there was an unusually violent Astral Sea Storm all year round. The Northern Heaven Domain and the four Holy Kingdoms were separated by this storm.
However, according to the Heartless Sweetheart, although this storm was continuous, it would weaken every few years. As long as the Astral Sea Storm weakened, the Saintess of Yu Da's Holy Kingdom would definitely go out and crush the Northern Heaven Domain.
From this point of view, Cui Xie and Yu Da's Holy Kingdom were not on the same side. With Cui Xie's character, he would never be willing to be a vassal. His ambition was not just the Central Domain. Even the four Holy Kingdoms were not his end. He, Cui Xie, was destined to set foot on a higher level!
However, for now, Cui Xie was cooperating with the Great Yu Divine Nation. Both sides were getting what they needed. Cui Xie had benefited a lot from the Great Yu Divine Nation. Therefore, he wouldn't refuse their help.
Earlier, Cui Xie had speculated that Luo Zheng's body must be hiding a huge secret. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng was too cunning. Last time, Luo Zheng was trapped in the Yunmeng Swamp, but he still managed to slip away. What was even more infuriating was that he even took away the Xi Family's young miss!
After that, Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe joined forces and attacked the Void Spirit Sect. After that, they sent their men to the Cloud Hall and exchanged the Void Spirit Sect's Sect Chief, Daoist Qing Xu, for the young lady from the Xi family. In Cui Xie's opinion, this was a deal that was set in stone. The Void Spirit Sect's Sect Chief would be exchanged for a Divine Core junior, not to mention the young lady from the Xi family was the great granddaughter of Daoist Qing Xu.
What was even more unexpected was that Luo Zheng had actually taken away the young lady's Primordial Yin.
Because of this, Cui Xie's plan to set up the Heavenly Fiend Joyous Union Formation had failed. He had no idea how many years it would take before the next Extreme Purple Yin Body appeared and was found by Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng was too ruthless, as if he was Cui Xie's nemesis. Not only did Cui Xie want to get rid of that young man, he also wanted to take away the secret in Luo Zheng's body, and take away Luo Zheng's luck!
Besides, he couldn't afford to be slow. If those mighty warriors from the Great Yu Divine Nation arrived here, Cui Xie wouldn't have the chance to do so.
Thinking of this, Cui Xie also felt that he had to speed up his plan. As for Wu Zhanhe, it would be best if he told him not to go into seclusion!
In Sky Rhythm City, Luo Zheng and the others had completed their first mission. However, they didn't find the so-called "Transmission Array" here. This Sky Rhythm City was originally a trap set up by the Tian Xie Sect to lure and kill the False Tribulation Realm warriors of the alliance.
Luo Zheng didn't care if he could complete the task or not. In fact, he had rushed out in such a hurry because he was worried about Ning Yudie.
Although Ning Yudie had already broken through to the Life and Death Realm, when she went out alone, no one could find her. That day, Daoist Big Dream rushed out with Ning Yudie, but with Daoist Big Dream's speed, how could he track her? In the blink of an eye, they had disappeared into the horizon. Until now, there had been no news of Ning Yudie.
What if she became dizzy and directly charged into the headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect? With her strength alone, she definitely wasn't a match for Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie …
"Since we didn't find the Transmission Array, we have to go back and report," Hua Tianming said to Luo Zheng.
Although their trip this time seemed to be very smooth, and they even broke the Spirit Cup set up by the boy, if it weren't for Luo Zheng, how could Hua Tianming, Red Maple, and Pei Tianyao break the Spirit Cup? Facing such a powerful soul attack, they would have most likely fallen by now.
"Wait," Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of hesitation.
"What's the matter?" Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao's faces were suddenly filled with vigilance. Could there be something else in Sky Rhythm City?
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly took out a white nameplate in his hand. This nameplate originally belonged to Ning Yudie. She had given it to Luo Zheng in the Road of Smelting Trial. This way, the two of them could directly use the nameplate to transmit sound.
Generally speaking, there were three ways for a martial artist to transmit sound. The first way was to directly transmit sound through True Essence. This method of transmitting sound was suitable for relatively short distances, at most a few hundred feet. The second way was to use a Sound Transmitting Talisman. The range of a Sound Transmitting Talisman was relatively long. There were Sound Transmitting Talismans hundreds of miles away, but the cost of making them was relatively expensive.
As for a Sound Transmitting nameplate, it had a range of about one or two hundred miles. Within this range, one could directly use the nameplate to transmit sound.
Holding Ning Yudie's nameplate, Luo Zheng poured a wisp of True Essence into it and tried to transmit sound, but the nameplate didn't respond in the slightest …
Luo Zheng's face showed a dim luster. It seemed that Ning Yudie wasn't within a hundred miles.
"Let's go back. We'll take another mission!" Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
Seeing Luo Zheng's neurotic appearance, Hua Tianming and the others looked at each other in dismay. They had no idea what Luo Zheng was up to.
On the way back, Luo Zheng poured True Essence into the nameplate every once in a while. The white nameplate didn't respond, but Luo Zheng didn't give up.
Halfway back, Luo Zheng once again poured True Essence into the nameplate. At this time, he suddenly discovered a trace of fluctuation coming from the nameplate!
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. He hesitated for a moment, then asked, "Little Die … is that you?"
There was no response from the other side of the nameplate.
"She heard me." Luo Zheng was absolutely certain. Ning Yudie should be within a hundred miles of him, but in which direction?
Luo Zheng suddenly stopped.
"Boss, what's wrong?" Red Maple looked at the neurotic Luo Zheng and couldn't help but ask. Ever since Luo Zheng gave him a pair of low-grade sacred tools, Red Maple had been calling him boss non-stop.
"Are there any big cities around here?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hua Tianming also approached Luo Zheng with a strange expression and said, "To the southeast is River Wave City, but it's a stronghold built by the Tian Xie Sect. Most of the Tian Xie Sect's forces are gathered there, but it's easy to defend and hard to attack. Therefore, the Alliance has no plans to take River Wave City for the time being."
The Alliance and the Tian Xie Sect's forces were intertwined like canine teeth, and River Wave City was the Tian Xie Sect's sharpest tooth, ruthlessly nailed there. It was also an extremely important outpost of the Tian Xie Sect. It was said that the unpredictable military commander of the Tian Xie Sect, Xuan Chen, was guarding River Wave City!
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. "It's there!"
Then, Luo Zheng turned into a streak of light and rushed towards River Wave City.
"Boss, what's going on?" Red Maple shrugged his shoulders.
"Follow him!" Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao didn't hesitate and rushed forward. Now, they had almost unconditional trust in Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng maintained a high speed in the sky. At the same time, he used the sound transmission nameplate to communicate with Ning Yudie. However, Ning Yudie didn't say a word …
"Hall Master!"
"Ning Yudie!"
"Xiao Die!"
"Can you say something?"
No matter what method Luo Zheng used, the other side still turned a deaf ear.
This deepened Luo Zheng's worries. When she was angry, who knew what unwise things she would do?
So what if she had the strength of a Life and Death Realm expert? Since Cui Xie had the support of the four Divine Kingdoms, their methods weren't something the Cloud Hall could resist. Even a Life and Death Realm expert wouldn't be enough in front of a Divine Kingdom.
After rushing for sixty to seventy li, Luo Zheng stared at River Wave City in front of him, his eyes suddenly bursting with rage!
＝＝＝＝＝