Below the River Wave City, several tens of thousands of Divine Reflection warriors were sitting together neatly. All of them were wearing the Lascivious Sect's uniform, and they were sitting in meditation while constantly releasing their True Yuan.
Many of them would occasionally take out low grade True Yuan Stones and crush them, absorbing the True Yuan contained within. After that, they would release the True Yuan through their own bodies.
Above these tens of thousands of Divine Reflection warriors, there were several hundred Divine Core warriors flying back and forth. They gathered all their True Yuan together, forming a few thick True Yuan beams and sending them upwards.
Above these Divine Core warriors, there were six Void Tribulation warriors wearing green outfits. These six Void Tribulation warriors were the ones controlling the True Yuan beams and forming a huge rune. Within the rune, there was one person, Ning Yudie herself!
No one in River Wave City was a match for Ning Yudie.
If it was in the past, no Sect would have been able to gather all the cultivators in their Sect together and display their full strength. Under such circumstances, Ning Yudie alone could slaughter all the cultivators in River Wave City.
But now, this Heavenly Evil Sect had such a strange battle tactic. The Zhen Yuan of tens of thousands of Divine Illumination Realm disciples were gathered together, forming a great formation that could cover the sky and cover the sun. This great formation was controlled by six False Tribulation Realm cultivators, and it actually trapped the Life and Death Realm Ning Yudie in the air above River Wave City!
A tired expression emerged on Ning Yudie's face, but she didn't give up. Instead, she kept attacking the huge rune.
No one dared to underestimate the strength of a Life and Death warrior. Every time Ning Yudie started accumulating her True Yuan, a frightening cold energy would shoot out from Ning Yudie's body. Under the extreme cold energy, the rune that trapped Ning Yudie suddenly dimmed down.
But, she still couldn't escape from the rune.
When the True Yuan in the rune became scarce, the Divine Reflection warriors took out True Yuan Stones to replenish their True Yuan, then continued sending their True Yuan up.
These Divine Reflection warriors didn't need to be responsible for attacking, they only needed to use their True Yuan.
From this point of view, this tactic was similar to the Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation deployed by Luo Zheng. This was the principle behind the Minor Universal Triple Slaughter Formation. It used more than a thousand small runes to provide energy to a huge rune, and with a clear division of labor, the efficiency was greatly increased.
The six Void Tribulation warriors kept controlling their True Yuan and using the rune to attack Ning Yudie.
The space within the rune was about 300 meters. Ning Yudie was dodging their attacks, trying her best to avoid them. It wouldn't be easy for them to kill Ning Yudie.
For a moment, the two sides actually confronted each other like this.
Luo Zheng didn't know how long they had been facing each other, but now that he had suddenly rushed over and saw Ning Yudie's miserable state, how could he not feel heartache?
From the bottom of his heart, how could Luo Zheng not care about Ning Yudie?
Compared to Xi Youqin, Ning Yudie's position in Luo Zheng's heart was much more important. However, Luo Zheng was angry and contradicted Ning Yudie. How could he have known that she would run away in anger?
Not only did she run away, she even dared to rush into such a dangerous place by herself. This River Wave City was almost half of the Heavenly Evil Sect's forces. Even the entire Alliance avoided River Wave City. Did Ning Yudie really intend to take River Wave City by herself? Wasn't she taking her own life as a joke?
After a while, Hua Tianming, Red Maple, and Pei Tianyao also rushed over. Seeing the scene in front of them, their expressions changed greatly.
"Hall Master! The Palace Lord was actually trapped inside! Hurry back to Heaven Awaken City and call for reinforcements! "Seeing this, Red Maple immediately revealed his true nature … …
"It's too late." Hua Tianming said with a serious expression.
Pei Tianyao's eyes lit up as well. As members of the Cloud Hall, how could they just watch their Hall Master die in front of them?
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng turned to Hua Tianming and the others and said, "Don't attack them for now, just wait here."
These warriors from the Tian Xie Sect were using a unique combat tactic, and the force they unleashed was enough to trap even Ning Yudie. If Hua Tianming and the others rushed forward, they would just be cannon fodder. Luo Zheng's mind was spinning rapidly. How should he deal with the current situation?
Without saying anything, Hua Tianming hovered in the air and drew his longsword. He closed his eyes and began accumulating strength.
Although his combat strength was weak right now, when facing these disciples from the Tian Xie Sect, he could only barely suppress a Late Divine Core warrior. As for ordinary Early False Tribulation warriors, Hua Tianming was no match for them.
Unless he could use the Sword Eye to accumulate strength, only then would he have the strength to fight them. As for Pei Tianyao and Red Maple, they could only stand behind Hua Tianming and protect him. A battle at this level was not something warriors at their level could interfere with.
Luo Zheng hovered in the air and slowly approached River Wave City. He was only a few miles away from River Wave City. At the same time, he raised the message token and said with a low voice, "Xiao Die, I can see you."
While speaking, he stared at Ning Yudie who was trapped in the rune. She was trapped in the huge rune, and she had just dodged a scorching flame. Then, she raised her head and looked in Luo Zheng's direction. However, she didn't say anything, she just continued attacking the rune.
"You can hear me." Luo Zheng said again.
It looked like Ning Yudie could hear Luo Zheng's voice from the very beginning, but she didn't want to respond.
"Still not saying anything? If you don't want to talk, I'm leaving. "Luo Zheng suddenly said in a half-joking manner.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng noticed that Ning Yudie had started attacking the rune. However, the rune was very stable, and Ning Yudie's attack didn't affect it at all. At the same time, Ning Yudie said, "You can leave now. You're no longer a disciple of the Cloud Hall. My life and death has nothing to do with you."
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng sighed in his mind. This woman was really stubborn. After thinking for a moment, Luo Zheng decided to restrain his temper. Then, he suddenly said, "I'm sorry, Xiao Die."
"Sorry for what?" Ning Yudie replied with an expressionless face.
"I shouldn't have spoken to you like that." Luo Zheng suddenly began to admit his mistake.
Ning Yudie pursed her lips. The zhenyuan in her hand turned into a blue frost wall, blocking in front of her. Suddenly, a circle of raging fire appeared in the rune. As soon as the circle of raging fire appeared, it tried to bind Ning Yudie.
Although the raging fire was powerful, it still couldn't break through Ning Yudie's frost wall.
"You shouldn't have done anything wrong. Aren't all the things you men do right?" Ning Yudie suddenly asked.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. It looked like Ning Yudie still cared about Xi Youqin's matter …
At this critical moment, Ning Yudie still had the interest to bring up this matter. Luo Zheng really admired her.
"I admit that I was wrong, okay?" Luo Zheng suddenly said pitifully.
"Too late," Ning Yudie replied.
"Then how do you want to forgive me?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I'll forgive you if you die." The frost wall around Ning Yudie melted bit by bit. She suddenly sent out a stream of zhenyuan and began to reinforce the frost wall.
"Then I'll go die." Luo Zheng smiled and suddenly flew towards River Wave City!
"Ah!"
Seeing Luo Zheng madly rushing down, Ning Yudie couldn't help but cover her mouth and cry out softly. Was this guy crazy?
Although Ning Yudie was in a difficult situation, it wasn't certain that she would die. Even if others didn't act, she might still be able to escape!
She was trapped inside and was also looking for a way to break out. This kind of battle method that combined the power of tens of thousands of people was not without flaws. The zhenyuan gathered together was very heterogeneous. Not to mention the zhenyuan of tens of thousands of people, even the movements of six False Tribulation Realm martial artists could not be unified. As long as Ning Yudie had enough time, she believed that she could find a flaw using this.
If it was in the past, Ning Yudie would definitely warn Luo Zheng not to come over. Even if she couldn't break out of this battle method, it wouldn't be difficult for her to escape unscathed by using her trump card.
Now that Luo Zheng suddenly joined in, things became much more troublesome. Luo Zheng didn't know how terrifying this battle method was. How could Ning Yudie not be nervous now?
Xuan Chen, who was the most important person in River Wave City, suddenly revealed a cold smile when he saw a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist rush out from not far away. "Another headless fly has entered the birdcage?"
Birdcage …
This kind of battle method that combined the power of tens of thousands of people was indeed passed down from the Great Yu Divine Nation. However, it seemed like Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe weren't good at commanding. On the contrary, Xuan Chen was a natural commander. Under his command, the actions of tens of thousands of people were highly unified.
This kind of battle method had its own name, but Xuan Chen liked to call it the 'Birdcage'. Setting up a cage and waiting for the birds outside to break in, using the word 'Birdcage' to describe it was a more appropriate way to describe it.
Even the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall was trapped by Xuan Chen. As for that False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he should just kill him! Xuan Chen thought for a moment, then he extended his hand and took out a black war flag. After that, he waved it in the air and drew a special shape.
The Divine Reflection Realm martial artists on the ground didn't do anything, they were still sending their True Yuan up. On the other hand, the Divine Core martial artists in the middle started flying back and forth, changing the direction of their True Yuan and shooting it towards one of the False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
Originally, there were six False Tribulation Realm martial artists who had formed the huge talisman and trapped Ning Yudie within it. But now, three of them had split up and used the True Yuan sent up from the ground to attack Luo Zheng.
In other words, among these tens of thousands of martial artists, about half of them had turned their attention to attacking Luo Zheng.
With this, the pressure on Ning Yudie was greatly reduced, but Luo Zheng didn't show any fear on his face.
If Xuan Chen knew that this man was Luo Zheng, he wouldn't have just sent half of his strength to Luo Zheng. In Xuan Chen's opinion, this was more than enough. With the combined strength of tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm martial artists, there was no way a False Tribulation Realm martial artist could resist them!
Seeing this, Ning Yudie became anxious. Although she could protect herself within the talisman, it would take her a long time to break through it.
"Die!" Xuan Chen let out a cold laugh. He waved the black war flag in his hand once again, and at the same time, a yellow war flag appeared in his other hand. He lightly twirled it around his hand.
Zzz zzz zzz zzz …
The True Yuan of tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm martial artists turned into a huge blue electric net, wrapping around Luo Zheng. At the same time, the electric net started shrinking violently. The power it unleashed was far stronger than any ordinary False Tribulation Realm martial artist's attack.
In the distance, Hua Tianming's eyes were tightly shut. He knew that Luo Zheng was in great danger, so he was rapidly accumulating power. However, although the power of the "Sword Eye" was terrifying, it still needed a long time to activate.
As for Pei Tianyao and Red Maple …
Apart from acting as Hua Tianming's guards, the two of them could only watch from the sidelines!
"Boom!"
When the electric net shrank to its limit, it suddenly burst out with a blazing white light. After it completely condensed, its aura and power were comparable to a Life and Death Realm martial artist's full strength attack!
Ning Yudie's heart suddenly trembled, and a strong sense of regret spread through her heart.
"Luo Zheng!"
Even if it was Ning Yudie herself, if she was hit by this attack head-on, without any defense, she wouldn't be able to escape.
Although she knew that Luo Zheng's physique was extraordinary, and that he had already broken through to the False Tribulation Realm, could he really block it?
"You really want to die because of a sentence? Do you have to be so stupid?" Ning Yudie stared at the ball of light, her face full of worry!
After a while, the blazing white light slowly dissipated. Many martial artists' eyes were focused there. Xuan Chen's face had a cold smile. He should have turned into ashes, right?
However, when the light completely dissipated, he saw Luo Zheng's figure standing there unscathed, with a faint smile on his face. Seeing this, Xuan Chen's face suddenly became gloomy.
"Am I stupid?" Luo Zheng said to the Sound Transmission Nameplate in his hand.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was safe and sound, Ning Yudie's hanging heart immediately relaxed, but then her face darkened, and she said in a cold voice, "You'd better die!"
To be honest, the True Essence of tens of thousands of martial artists in the Divine Reflection Realm was indeed terrifying. Even if Luo Zheng had the body of a High-Grade Immortal Weapon, he still couldn't resist such a terrifying power. If Luo Zheng had taken that blow with his body, he would have been seriously injured even if he didn't die.
However, before the power suddenly erupted, Luo Zheng took the initiative to operate the power of the Law of Space, allowing himself to float outside the space!
This was the horror of the Law of Space. The Law of Space and the Law of Time were the two most mysterious laws among all the laws. It was not easy to control these laws, but once it was mastered, it had a very terrifying effect.
Now that Luo Zheng had comprehended the second level of the Law of Space, he was like a fish swimming in the space. No matter how stormy the waves were, Luo Zheng could be like a fish in water. It was very difficult to injure him unless the opponent was also proficient in the Law of Space!
Facing this brat who had suddenly appeared, Xuan Chen realized that he was in big trouble.
Previously, Xuan Chen relied on the "birdcage" to guard River Wave City safely. Occasionally, he would even lead thousands of martial artists out to gain experience. Ordinary martial artists in the False Tribulation Realm were no match for Xuan Chen. He only needed to wave the battle flag to easily kill those martial artists in the False Tribulation Realm.
This time, as soon as Xuan Chen returned to River Wave City, he suddenly encountered the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. That woman attacked River Wave City like a madman.
In a hurry, thousands of people in River Wave City died in her hands. Even Xuan Chen himself almost lost his life in front of Ning Yudie. Fortunately, he ran fast and quickly organized all the martial artists in River Wave City to quickly set up his "birdcage"!
This time, Xuan Chen realized that he had caught a big bird. A Life and Death Realm expert was actually going to be killed by him. How could Xuan Chen not be excited?
It was only a matter of time. As long as Ning Yudie could not break out of the "birdcage", her Zhen Yuan would eventually be exhausted. At that time, wouldn't she be at the mercy of others?
Moreover, Xuan Chen had other plans!
That woman was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. She was probably the most powerful woman in the Central Domain. What was commendable was that she was still astonishingly young. She should not be married yet! If he could capture this woman alive, Xuan Chen had already begun to fantasize.
However, Xuan Chen was very confident that he could turn his fantasies into reality. As long as he exhausted this woman's Zhen Yuan, he had many methods in his hands to make her lose the ability to resist. He could even make her lose her spirit and become a slut …
Therefore, Xuan Chen was very patient in this battle. Under that patience, there was a soul that was as hungry as a wolf.
He never expected that a False Tribulation Realm martial artist would appear at this time.
River Wave City was the outpost of the Tian Xie Sect. For the time being, Heaven Awakening City would not send troops to attack River Wave City. However, why did this guy suddenly appear?
When Xuan Chen saw this False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he immediately used the power of the "birdcage" and prepared to kill him instantly.
However, he never expected that the False Tribulation Realm martial artist's strength would be far beyond Xuan Chen's imagination. With Xuan Chen's experience, he did not know what method Luo Zheng had used to avoid his attack.
He only knew that he was in danger now.
However, at this juncture, Xuan Chen would not easily retreat, let alone escape. River Wave City was a solid fortress. How could he escape? Could he outrun the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall?
Right now, Xuan Chen could only fight to the death.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Xuan Chen quickly waved the flag. The six False Tribulation Realm elders also quickly changed their positions. On one hand, they extracted Zhen Yuan to support the rune in the sky. On the other hand, they formed another huge rune at the same time. As soon as the rune appeared, it suddenly enveloped Luo Zheng.
How could Luo Zheng do as Xuan Chen wished? He did not stop at all. He flew directly towards the Divine Reflection Realm martial artists below River Wave City. As long as these Divine Reflection Realm martial artists continuously supported the False Tribulation Realm martial artists above, this formation could not be broken.
Luo Zheng saw the problem at a glance. He sneered at the Divine Reflection Realm martial artists. Since these independent martial artists had chosen to rely on the Tian Xie Sect, they had to be prepared to die.