All the Divine Reflection Realm warriors were sitting upright in rows. When they saw Luo Zheng diving down from the sky, their expressions changed dramatically.
They didn't know who Luo Zheng was, but just now, three Void Tribulation warriors and over ten thousand Divine Reflection Realm warriors couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng, so how could they possibly fight back?
Furthermore, Xuan Chen had given out a strict order, no one was allowed to retreat without permission. Even if they had to die, they had to die on the spot, and those who disobeyed the order would be killed without mercy!
Therefore, with Luo Zheng's incredible speed, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors became Luo Zheng's targets. With Luo Zheng's current strength, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors were no different than ants.
Luo Zheng was in River Wave City. Wherever he went, broken limbs and blood would fly all over the sky, forming a clear trail of blood.
At first, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors were able to hold their ground, as the Tian Xie Sect's deterrence was still very strong for these temporary independent warriors. But, as Luo Zheng kept slaughtering, the murderous aura unleashed from his body became stronger and stronger. Finally, these Divine Reflection Realm warriors who were sitting still couldn't hold on any longer.
None of them were willing to be killed like ants by Luo Zheng.
"That guy is crazy!"
"Staying here will only lead to death!"
"Run!"
At first, there were only a few warriors running for their lives. The Military Governors who were standing on both sides of the street were waving the huge blades in their hands, stopping these warriors from running away. Those who dared to run away were all killed by the Military Governors.
However, the number of warriors who chose to run for their lives was like an avalanche. More and more warriors were running away, and eventually, all the warriors in River Wave City were flying away in all directions …
Tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm warriors were running away in all directions. Even Xuan Chen couldn't control them all. There was no way he could kill all these Divine Reflection Realm warriors. Besides, Xuan Chen himself didn't have the ability to do so.
When the middle ranked Divine Core warriors saw that the situation was getting worse, they didn't want to stay put any longer. They immediately joined the fleeing army.
These independent cultivators did not have much loyalty to begin with. They chose the Tian Xie Sect because the Heavenly Evil Deities Nation was powerful. In the future, when the Heavenly Evil Deities Nation ruled the Central Domain, they would be able to get a share of the profits. However, to independent cultivators, their own lives were the most important.
Without a supply of true essence, how could the six Nihility Tribulation Realm cultivators trap Ning Yudie?
The huge rune covering Ning Yudie gradually began to dissipate. Then, Ning Yudie slightly raised her hand, and a little bit of snow-white light condensed in her hand, quickly forming a Profound Ice Halberd.
She looked coldly at Xuan Chen and said coldly, "Die!"
When Xuan Chen saw that the situation was getting worse, he immediately retreated out of River Wave City. But, how could Xuan Chen escape from Ning Yudie?
Ning Yudie gently waved the Profound Ice Halberd, and with a sway of her body, a long Ice Phoenix feather was dragged behind her, and it kept fluttering in the air.
"Huff … huff … huff …"
When Ning Yudie was a few dozen meters away from Xuan Chen, she immediately felt that her movements had slowed down. Not only was her flying speed slowed down, even the rotation of her true essence within her Dantian had slowed down.
As Xuan Chen's speed slowed down, Ning Yudie arrived in front of him in an instant. She stared at Xuan Chen with her cold eyes, then she gently blew at him.
In the blink of an eye, Xuan Chen's body was covered by a layer of frost, and his entire body was frozen into a pile of ice!
Before Xuan Chen could fall to the ground, Ning Yudie had already waved the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand and smashed it onto the human-shaped pile of ice.
"Clang!"
Xuan Chen's entire body was instantly smashed into pieces of ice.
On the other side, Luo Zheng was constantly chasing after the six Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors. When the six Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors saw that the situation was not good, they complained incessantly in their hearts. Naturally, they also chose to escape, and they fled in different directions. They flew in six different directions.
After Luo Zheng chased after two people, he stopped. He was afraid that Ning Yudie would run away again. Otherwise, with Luo Zheng's current speed, he could at least chase after three or four Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors.
Sure enough, just as Luo Zheng expected, after Ning Yudie killed Xuan Chen, she glared fiercely at Luo Zheng in the distance, then turned into a white light and flew towards the south!
Seeing this, the vital essence in Luo Zheng's body suddenly erupted, and he also increased his speed to the extreme, chasing after Ning Yudie.
As for Hua Tianming and the others, they could only stare blankly at the two people flying away, looking at each other in dismay.
"What should we do?!" Red Maple asked with his eyes wide open.
"No need to chase. Let's go back and report. The fall of River Wave City is probably the best news in a while!" Hua Tianming immediately said. It seemed that there was some conflict between the Palace Master and Luo Zheng, but the situation should not be too bad. Besides, with their speed, it was impossible for them to catch up with Luo Zheng, so they might as well go back and report truthfully.
Although Ning Yudie's speed was also extremely fast, Luo Zheng was not slow at all. The two lights, one in front and one behind, drew an arc on the boundary of the Central Domain.
Seeing that she could not get rid of Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie suddenly stopped in mid-air and pointed her Profound Ice Halberd at Luo Zheng, pointing it directly at Luo Zheng. "Why are you following me?"
Seeing that Ning Yudie had stopped, Luo Zheng immediately approached her slowly and said indifferently, "As a Palace Master, you don't have the slightest awareness and act so recklessly on the battlefield! Have you ever thought about the Cloud Hall? "
Faced with Luo Zheng's questioning, Ning Yudie gritted her teeth. "What does it have to do with you what I do?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and continued to approach Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie's Profound Ice Halberd shook. "Don't come any closer!"
How could Luo Zheng listen to Ning Yudie's warning? He continued to walk slowly towards Ning Yudie, and his eyes gradually became gentle.
Seeing that Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were getting closer and closer, she suddenly waved the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand and fiercely smashed it on Luo Zheng's body.
"Bang!"
When the Profound Ice Halberd smashed on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng immediately smashed down like a meteor.
Even though Ning Yudie did not use her Quintessential Essence in this attack, the power of a Life and Death Realm warrior's subsequent attack was not the slightest bit inferior.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's entire body plunged into the ground.
If other False Tribulation Realm warriors were hit by Ning Yudie's attack, even if they did not die, they would probably be seriously injured.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's body, apart from the strands of Primordial Chaos Dipper, there was naturally no harm done to him.
After Luo Zheng climbed up from the big pit, he immediately flew towards Ning Yudie again with a very persistent expression on his face. This time, just as Luo Zheng approached, Ning Yudie suddenly waved the Profound Ice Halberd in her hand and smashed Luo Zheng down again!
"Don't come any closer!" Ning Yudie sternly shouted at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng remained unmoved and continued to rush towards Ning Yudie.
In this way, Luo Zheng was repeatedly smashed into the ground by Ning Yudie. Gradually, one big pit after another appeared on the spacious and flat ground around him.
After repeating this more than ten times, more than ten big pits appeared on the ground …
In the end, Ning Yudie could no longer smash Luo Zheng down. The Profound Ice Halberd hung weakly to the side as she stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng continued to fly towards Ning Yudie unhurriedly, slowly passing by her Profound Ice Halberd. This time, Ning Yudie finally did not smash Luo Zheng down.
The distance between the two grew closer and closer. Then, Luo Zheng reached out towards her and hugged her in his arms. He said faintly, "Don't be willful anymore."
Ning Yudie's petite body suddenly tensed up and a loud explosion sounded in her head. Her pair of beautiful eyes faintly glistened with tears. Then, she heard Ning Yudie nod and let out a soft "En".
The two of them did not say anything else and just hugged each other like this.
Three days later, Ning Yudie finally returned to Tianqi City.
The news of Jiangbo City being destroyed by Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng had already spread throughout Tianqi City. Ever since the Tian Xie Sect started fighting, Jiangbo City had been like a wedge nailed to a strategic location. Tianqi City was not willing to send troops to Jiangbo City because of various considerations. The biggest concern was that they were afraid that Cui Xie would directly start a decisive battle with the Alliance.
Now, the Tian Xie Sect was very powerful. Even if the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance joined forces, their strength was still slightly inferior. Both sides were currently accumulating their strength.
However, after Jiangbo City was forced to retreat, this concern finally came true.
As expected, Cui Xie lost his patience. He led the Tian Xie Sect's army out in full force and headed straight for Tianqi City.
In the eyes of the World Business Alliance, the main reason why Cui Xie chose to make a move at this time was probably because Jiangbo City had been destroyed.
What they did not know was that Cui Xie chose to make a move in advance because of Luo Zheng. He wanted to make a move before Heartless Sweetheart crossed the Chaotic Astral Ocean and intercept Luo Zheng's secrets for himself.