The entire Apocalypse City was making preparations for this decisive battle.
Every day, hundreds of runes would be sent out from the Runic Tower and placed in every corner of Apocalypse City.
All the martial artists had already given up on cultivating. With the decisive battle before them, no matter how crazily they cultivated, it would be useless and wouldn't play a decisive role.
Every day, over a hundred scouts from the General Commerce League would return from the frontlines. The Heavenly Evil Sect had chosen to march into Tianqi City with great momentum. They didn't care about their whereabouts being exposed at all. Cui Xie was very confident in this battle. What he wanted to do was to crush them, to crush Tianqi City completely!
As for the people from the Cloud Hall … If Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng were holed up in the Cloud Hall, it would be troublesome for Cui Xie. Since they had chosen to join forces with the World Business Alliance, then the Tian Xie Sect would destroy them all in Apocalypse City!
As long as he defeated the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall, no one in the entire Central Domain would be able to stop Cui Xie. Fourth grade sects like the Mysterious Yin Mansion, Black Mountain Sect, and Blood Wood Cliff could only bow their heads and let Cui Xie slaughter them. They had no other choice!
"Reporting! The Tian Xie Sect's army has appeared 1,800 li south of Apocalypse City! "
"Reporting! The Tian Xie Sect's army has appeared 1,000 li south of Apocalypse City! "
"Reporting … 600 li south of Apocalypse City!"
"Reporting …"
The Tian Xie Sect's army didn't advance quickly. However, as they slowly approached Apocalypse City, the pressure on the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall was increasing!
In the past few days, Ning Yudie's mood had calmed down a lot.
On the way back to the city with Luo Zheng, the two of them were deeply entangled with each other. Luo Zheng told Ning Yudie that if he could survive this battle and save Luo Yan, he would hold a Dual Cultivation Ceremony with Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie coquettishly refused. How could she, a Hall Master, marry a disciple of the Cloud Hall? Wouldn't that mess up the seniority?
Luo Zheng was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall, but how could Luo Zheng let her do as she pleased?
After returning to Apocalypse City, the two of them rarely met. However, when the Elders of the Cloud Hall saw Ning Yudie's condition, they gradually relaxed. The final battle was imminent. The Alliance's side was originally inferior to the Tian Xie Sect. As the Hall Master, Ning Yudie couldn't be in a situation like this.
One day later, Luo Zheng left the courtyard. The Tian Xie Sect was approaching Apocalypse City. If there were no accidents, today would be the day of the battle.
Xi Youqin was wearing casual clothes. She calmly looked at Luo Zheng, but there was a faint trace of worry on her face. Like an ordinary woman, she helped Luo Zheng tidy up his clothes and then warned him, "Be careful …"
"En!" Luo Zheng nodded and immediately rushed towards the Conference Hall in Apocalypse City.
After Luo Zheng left, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and faintly looked in the direction Luo Zheng left. "Don't worry, I won't let you die …"
Soon, the tenderness in her eyes disappeared and was replaced by a serious expression. Soon, she took out a black Taoist robe from her Sumeru Ring.
This Taoist robe was the disciple robe of the Void Spirit Sect. She wasn't a disciple of the Void Spirit Sect. When she was fourteen years old, she argued with her father and insisted on this robe. After a few years, her figure had become much slimmer and straighter. Now, it didn't fit her well, especially when her chest was tight, which made her feel a little uncomfortable.
But today, she also had to fight!
Perhaps it was for Luo Zheng, for her Xi Family, and for the destroyed Void Spirit Sect.
After a while, Xi Youqin, who had changed into the Void Spirit Sect's disciple robe, quietly rushed towards the side door of the Void Spirit Sect.
The army of the Tian Xie Sect had appeared directly opposite Void Sky City. The black mass of independent martial artists formed one square formation after another. In addition to the numerous independent martial artists, there were many Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artists in the sky, as well as two Life and Death Realm martial artists, Wu Zhanhe and Cui Xie!
The army quietly stood ten miles in front of the Apocalypse City Gate.
Aside from the martial artists, there were also some strange things in the army. For example, there was a huge lampstand held up by more than a hundred Divine Core warriors. In the center of the lampstand was a huge wick. The wick was dark, and it was extinguished.
On the other side of the lampstand were two huge coffins. One was black, and the other was white. No one knew what was inside the coffins.
As for the army of the Tian Xie City, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan were standing at the top of the city wall. The three fat men had solemn expressions on their faces. As for the tycoon of the World Business Alliance, he was sitting cross-legged on a rattan chair, meditating with his eyes closed.
Ning Yudie led all the Nihility Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Cloud Hall and stood on the other side, looking at the Tian Xie Sect with an indifferent expression.
Not long after that, a beam of light suddenly flew over from the Tian Xie City. It was Luo Zheng.
As soon as Luo Zheng arrived, he exchanged a glance with Ning Yudie. Both of their eyes were filled with tenderness. Luo Zheng shifted his gaze and stared straight at Cui Xie in the distance. Even if the two of them were separated by ten miles at this moment, they still quickly noticed each other.
Cui Xie's figure suddenly moved towards the Tian Xie City. Facing all the martial artists in the city, he let out a wild laugh and said, "The Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities will unify the Central Domain! As the saying goes, the Heavenly Dao is vast, and its power is limitless! Those who follow it will prosper, and those who go against it will perish! The Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities represents the Heavenly Dao. If any martial artist is willing to submit to the Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities, I, Cui Xie, will not refuse them. Those who resist are destined to bring about their own destruction! "
Cui Xie poured his Quintessential Essence into his voice and spread it towards the Tian Xie City. His voice was as loud as thunder, and the entire Tian Xie City, from the martial artists to the commoners, felt their ears hurt from the vibrations!
Many of the martial artists in the Tian Xie City fell silent. At this point in time, naturally, no one would really submit to Cui Xie. However, Cui Xie did not expect his words to be useful. It was just that before the start of the war, his words could greatly suppress the enemy's morale and increase his own.
"Ha!"
"Ha!"
"Ha!"
As soon as Cui Xie's voice fell, the independent martial artists behind him suddenly roared.
Facing Cui Xie's provocation, Shi Kefan was about to speak when Luo Zheng spoke first. He also poured his Quintessential Essence into Cui Xie and coldly said two words to him. "Bullshit!"
His two words were like a clap of thunder, no less loud than Cui Xie's. Although these two words were vulgar, they were simple and powerful. They completely despised the Heavenly Kingdom of Evil Deities!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Cui Xie's face flashed with anger. However, that anger instantly dissipated and was replaced by a trace of greed. In Cui Xie's eyes, Luo Zheng was like a moving treasure trove!
In just a few years, this boy had risen to his current level. If Cui Xie were to obtain all of Luo Zheng's secrets, who in this world would be able to stop him?
"Luo Zheng! Do you dare to fight me head-on? Last time, I chased you all the way across half of the Central Domain. Do you still want to be a coward this time? "Cui Xie sneered at Luo Zheng, his body shrouded in a black aura.
Before the Sect War started, it was very common for experts from both sides to challenge each other to a duel.
This kind of thing often happened even among mortals. When the generals of both sides challenged each other to a duel, the winning side's morale would naturally soar, while the losing side's morale would plummet!
From Cui Xie's tone, it was obvious that he wanted to challenge Luo Zheng …
After all, Cui Xie was a Life and Death Realm martial artist. Moreover, he was the strongest person in the Central Domain with the highest cultivation base. Even if he were to challenge Luo Zheng, he would usually choose Ning Yudie or that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance.
At this time, challenging Luo Zheng to a duel seemed somewhat shameless.
The ancient tycoon opened his eyes and gently floated up from the rattan chair. He said to Cui Xie with an extremely old and hoarse voice, "The dignified number one person in the Central Domain is challenging a junior to a duel. You really don't have a bottom line. How about this old man play with you?"
The ancient tycoon's voice was hoarse, but just like Luo Zheng and Cui Xie, everyone inside and outside the Heaven Awakening City heard him clearly.
Ning Yudie also floated up and faintly smiled at Cui Xie, "Cui Xie, I, the Hall Master, am here, yet you're challenging a disciple of my Cloud Hall. Aren't you afraid of lowering your status?"
Cui Xie coldly snorted. His gaze was like a knife as he stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng, do you dare?"
＝＝＝＝＝