Luo Zheng clenched his fists tightly. Although he maintained a calm expression, he was extremely excited in his heart.
When he was still in the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng had listed Cui Xie as one of his must-kill targets. Even if he managed to save Luo Yan, he would still kill Cui Xie. This man had become an obstacle in Luo Zheng's path of cultivation, and the only way to destroy this obstacle was to kill Cui Xie!
After waiting for so long, Luo Zheng had finally arrived.
Luo Zheng moved his feet and stepped on the edge of the city wall. His body moved without any wind, and he slowly drifted away from the city wall. The more excited he was, the calmer his expression became.
Seeing Luo Zheng leaving the city wall, Ning Yudie shouted, "Luo Zheng? You want to fight? "
Luo Zheng turned around and smiled at Ning Yudie, "Don't worry!"
"But …" Ning Yudie furrowed her brows, and was about to say something.
Luo Zheng immediately said, "Don't worry, I won't die, I still want to marry you!"
His voice wasn't loud, but everyone in the Cloud Hall, including Daoist Dameng and the Void Tribulation Warriors and Divine Core warriors, could clearly hear what he said. Daoist Dameng and a few other Sect Elders who knew what was going on had a knowing smile on their faces. As for those Divine Core warriors who didn't know what was going on, such as Hua Tianming, Red Maple, and a few others, they had strange expressions on their faces.
Especially Red Maple, his eyes were wide open as he poked Hua Tianming who was standing next to him. "Tianming, am I hearing this right?"
Hua Tianming had his eyes closed. His eyes were slightly bloodshot. For the past two days, he had been using the Sword Eye to accumulate the Force of the Heavens. Only by doing so could he unleash all of Hua Tianming's strength.
"Is it strange?" Hua Tianming hugged his sword and replied with his eyes closed. A faint smile emerged on his face.
"Of course it's strange!" Looking at Hua Tianming's confident expression, Red Maple said disapprovingly.
Hua Tianming shook his head, "It's not strange for something like this to happen to Luo Zheng …"
As for Ning Yudie, when she heard Luo Zheng mention this in front of everyone, her face immediately blushed.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he turned his head and stared at Cui Xie. Using his Quintessential Essence, he said slowly and clearly, "Two years ago, when I was still in the Divine Reflection Stage, I warned you that I would spare your life if you let Luo Yan go. Unfortunately, you didn't take advantage of this opportunity. Now … your chance is gone!"
After he finished speaking, Luo Zheng slowly pulled out a long sword. The long sword blossomed with a faint light. He gently waved the long sword, and a sharp sword hum was transmitted. The sword hum was very soft, but it was very pleasing to the ear.
"It's a high-grade sacred artifact!" Shi Kefan's eyes flashed as he suddenly shouted.
"Where did Luo Zheng get a high-grade sacred artifact?"
"A high-grade sacred artifact doesn't exist in the Central Domain, and no refiner can forge one. Where did this boy get it?"
In fact, most people couldn't recognize the grade of Luo Zheng's long sword. Only Shi Kefan and the others could. Of course, the two sides were about to fight, and Luo Zheng seemed to intend to accept Cui Xie's challenge. The battle between the two of them would directly determine the morale of the martial artists on both sides.
Since Luo Zheng had obtained a high-grade sacred artifact, Shi Kefan naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity. He had to let everyone know!
"Hahahaha!" At this time, Cui Xie suddenly burst into wild laughter, "Luo Zheng, two years ago, I had a taste of your mouth! I didn't expect that after two years, you still haven't made any progress. Your mouth is still so fierce! Unfortunately, it's a pity that you forgot that when martial artists fight, it's not just their mouths that matter, but their fists and their own strength! "
Luo Zheng faintly looked at Cui Xie and took a deep breath. Faint starlight began to appear on the surface of his body. Two different colors of starlight shone upon his body, shrouding him in a special luster.
"Hey, everyone look! Two stars have appeared on the horizon!"
"It's daytime, how can there be stars?"
"Those two stars seem to be shining on Luo Zheng. How did he do it? He's directly borrowing the power of the stars! "
Even during the day, the stars could still be seen. It was just that the light of the sun completely covered the starlight. However, after Luo Zheng activated the Stellar Battle Body, the purple star and the orange star suddenly burst out with light, shooting towards Luo Zheng, who was hundreds of millions of miles away. The sun couldn't cover the light of the stars, so everyone could see the two stars on the horizon during the day.
After the Stellar Battle Body was condensed, Luo Zheng said coldly, "You're right. I'll show you what a fist is and what strength is!"
After noticing the starlight on Luo Zheng's body, Cui Xie's face revealed a trace of surprise, but it was quickly replaced by a serious expression. Indeed, the cultivation method that Luo Zheng practiced made Cui Xie feel unimaginable. Since ancient times, the stars had been an extremely mysterious existence for human beings.
Even if you opened your mind and visualized, it was difficult to obtain the power of the stars. On the other side of the distant starry sky, the stars were completely incomprehensible to human beings. If you couldn't even understand them, how could you visualize them?
However, Luo Zheng seemed to be directly absorbing the power of the stars! What kind of cultivation method was this?
With a serious expression, Cui Xie also took out the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand. In the past, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade had been the best weapon in the Central Domain. Among the few remaining low-grade sacred weapons in the Central Domain, this nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade was the most suitable for fighting enemies.
However, compared to Luo Zheng, Cui Xie now looked a little shabby.
In terms of value, a high-grade sacred weapon could be exchanged for many low-grade sacred weapons …
Luo Zheng waved his longsword and didn't say anything else. With a sway of his body, he unleashed his Vital Energy and turned into a beam of light, shooting toward Cui Xie who was a few miles away.
All the Divine Illumination warriors could only see a blur in front of their eyes. In an instant, Luo Zheng and Cui Xie had turned into two beams of light. The two beams of light kept crossing each other, colliding into each other, separating from each other, then colliding into each other again …
As for the Divine Core warriors, their eyesight was slightly better, but they still couldn't see their movements clearly. They could only vaguely distinguish them.
As for the Void Tribulation warriors from both sides, all of them had nervous expressions on their faces. This fight was too important for both sides.
Ao Xiang stared into the distance. His face was filled with excitement. Compared to the others, he had a much more complicated feeling right now. Luo Zheng's victory not only meant that the morale of Heavenly Awakening City had increased, his lover and Luo Zheng's younger sister were going to share the same fate!
Both men were moving at high speed, and Ao Xiang couldn't see them clearly. But, he still clenched his teeth and stared at both men, trying to identify Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with killing intent!
He had been waiting for this fight for so many years, and he had to win no matter what. Therefore, right from the beginning, Luo Zheng didn't hold back at all. While charging toward Cui Xie at high speed, his longsword had already pierced toward Cui Xie.
"Formless!"
Luo Zheng's sword seemed crooked, but his target was Cui Xie's chest. He was trying to pierce through Cui Xie.
Cui Xie held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber horizontally. Luo Zheng's sword was a high-grade sacred weapon after all. Relying on the strength of the weapon, Cui Xie was indeed at a disadvantage. At least, he didn't dare to use the nameless Buddhist Commandment Saber to meet Luo Zheng's sword head-on!
Clang!
Cui Xie's Buddhist Commandment Saber gently brushed Luo Zheng's longsword, using a skillful force to push Luo Zheng's longsword away.
However, just as Cui Xie pushed Luo Zheng's sword away, Luo Zheng said faintly, "It's useless!"
The tip of the sword casually drew a circle in the air and still pierced toward Cui Xie's chest like a shadow. Formless wasn't really without moves. This was a move created by Luo Zheng himself. There was only one move, but it could evolve into countless moves!
However, Luo Zheng was more willing to call this move an unbreakable move!
Seeing that he couldn't break Luo Zheng's sword, Cui Xie's expression suddenly changed, and he was about to retreat.
Luo Zheng had a strange smile on his face. He gently thrust the sword in his hand forward, and the originally light sword suddenly underwent an earth-shattering change!
The sword suddenly pierced out, followed by a swift and fierce sword light. The tip of the sword extended and continued to shoot toward Cui Xie's chest. Luo Zheng's Formless was a combination of all the basic swordsmanship, and it had reached the point where it could be used at will.