A joyful expression emerged on the faces of all the warriors in Heavenly Awakening City.
Before Luo Zheng entered the battlefield, everyone had their own concerns, and the biggest concern was the gap between their cultivation bases.
Cui Xie was now a fourth life and death tribulation warrior. Every time he went through a life and death tribulation, it was the same as escaping from death, and his overall strength would become stronger!
As for Luo Zheng, although he was a Mid Void Tribulation warrior, there was still a huge gap between them.
Indeed, when Luo Zheng was still a Divine Reflection warrior, he was able to challenge Divine Core warriors, and even Mid Divine Core geniuses.
However, the gap between the Divine Reflection realm and Divine Core realm was far smaller than the gap between the Void Tribulation realm and Life and Death realm!
This was also the reason why when Cui Xie challenged Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie and that ancient tycoon stepped forward to stop him.
Only Life and Death warriors were qualified to fight with Life and Death warriors.
In the Central Region, only martial artists who had stepped into the Life and Death Realm could be considered peak martial artists! Below the Life and Death realm, there were countless Void Tribulation warriors, and none of them could fight with a Life and Death warrior.
This was the reason why everyone was worried about Luo Zheng. They were worried that he would be killed by Cui Xie right away, and that would be the worst case scenario.
Of course, that ancient tycoon and Ning Yudie wouldn't let this happen either. Once Luo Zheng was in a disadvantageous position, they would definitely take action. Although it was a one on one duel, since both sides had declared war, they were now mortal enemies, and there was no reason for them to be reasonable.
In fact, this was how most wars between sects usually unfolded. Both sects would send out a warrior to fight, and as the fight went on, everyone would join the fight … this tradition had been maintained for tens of thousands of years, and it was still the same today.
If Cui Xie was in a disadvantageous position, Wu Zhanhe would still lead his men and attack Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng's first attack had hit Cui Xie, the World Business Alliance's people were naturally happy. This sword attack was effective, which meant that Luo Zheng still maintained his strength, the strength to challenge those of a higher realm!
"This Luo Zheng is too abnormal. Two years later, not only did he break through to the middle stage of False Tribulation Realm, but he was also able to fight against a Life and Death Realm expert!"
"Don't forget, Cui Xie is not an ordinary Life and Death expert. This means that a martial artist who has just broken through Life and Death realm might not be his opponent!"
"You're right. I think that the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is not as good as Luo Zheng!"
"If this kid breaks through the Life and Death Realm, he will be able to fight against Spirit Sea Realm warriors!"
Hearing these voices, Ning Yudie's gaze was very complicated. Although she was not convinced, she had to admit that she was not Luo Zheng's opponent.
As for the many martial artists from the Country of Evil Deities, they were still standing in place. Wu Zhanhe turned a blind eye to Cui Xie's wound. Such a small injury was nothing to Cui Xie. 'But Old Cui seems to be a bit careless. This is not a good sign,' Wu Zhanhe thought indifferently.
Wu Zhanhe did not want Cui Xie to obtain the Extreme Violet Yin Body, which was why he helped Luo Zheng escape. However, he also did not want Cui Xie to be defeated. If Cui Xie was defeated, Wu Zhanhe's own plans and ambitions would also be in danger.
Cui Xie looked at the wound under his ribs, then exerted some strength. Under the pressure of the muscles on his back, the wound instantly healed. "Not bad, you can actually injure me. This is worthy of praise, but it's far from enough!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Just injure you? Aren't you afraid of being poisoned? "
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Cui Xie's face suddenly changed. Except for Luo Zheng's abnormal physique, which martial artist was not afraid of poison? If it was an ordinary poison, it probably wouldn't affect Cui Xie at all. However, it was hard to say for Luo Zheng. He could even get his hands on a high-grade saint artifact. Who knew if he would smear some unimaginable poison on his sword?
Seeing Cui Xie's nervous expression, Luo Zheng sneered, "I lied to you! The dignified number one martial artist in the Central Domain turns out to be a cowardly rat! "After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly flashed, waved his long sword again, and slashed at Cui Xie.
Having suffered a loss in front of Luo Zheng's strange swordsmanship once, how could Cui Xie be willing to suffer a loss a second time?
He also flashed, and the momentum in his body suddenly skyrocketed. He held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in one hand and clenched his other hand into a fist. Under the flickering dark golden fist radiance, he grinned hideously, "It's over, boy!"
After he finished speaking, Cui Xie's fist suddenly slammed down heavily!
At the same time, a huge golden fist also appeared in the sky very suddenly. This golden fist was as tall as a city wall, and the golden light it emitted was like a huge sun. Most people could not even open their eyes at this moment.
"Human Emperor's Ultimate Fist!"
Cui Xie's fist smashed down fiercely at Luo Zheng, as if an entire city wall was smashing down.
However, with Luo Zheng's current strength, even if he was crushed under a city wall, he would not be injured at all. However, the power of this "Human Emperor's Ultimate Fist" was many times greater than that of a section of the city wall!
"Boom!"
Fortunately, the area at the gate of Tianqi City was spacious. When the fist smashed down, a huge pit several miles wide was formed in the ground in front of the city gate. This pit was also more than 30 meters deep!
As for Luo Zheng's small figure, he was lying in the middle of the deep pit, deeply embedded in the soil. From afar, he was just an inconspicuous little black dot.
"Mighty, our Emperor!"
"Mighty, our Monarch!"
"Mighty, our Emperor!"
Many warriors of the Tian Xie Sect began to clamor.
In fact, only those who had reached the Divine Sea Realm were qualified to call themselves Emperors. However, Cui Xie had established his Divine Kingdom in advance, so he could be regarded as an Emperor. After all, his strength was not qualified yet.
Ning Yudie stood on the city wall, but there was a faint trace of worry on her face. Facing Luo Zheng's terrifying body, Cui Xie should be able to withstand this blow. However, she was not sure whether he would be injured or not.
At the west corner of Tianqi City, Xi Youqin looked at the huge pit in the distance. Her expression could no longer remain calm. Cui Xie was so powerful. Could Luo Zheng … withstand it?
"Cui Xie's punch is probably able to smash a mountain into a flat cake …"
"I don't know if Luo Zheng can withstand it. I think it's a bit difficult!"
"Under this punch, everything will be smashed into powder. It's said that Luo Zheng's body is special and almost invulnerable. However, I don't believe that he can withstand it!"
"With the cultivation of the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he can injure Cui Xie. I'm afraid this is already his limit. It's normal that he can't defeat Cui Xie!"
The warriors on both sides were also discussing in low voices.
However, Luo Zheng quickly pulled himself out of the huge pit. He shrugged his shoulders and raised his head. A trace of blood flowed out of the corner of his mouth. He sneered at Cui Xie and said, "You're just so-so!"
Seeing Luo Zheng get up, the warriors who were discussing immediately shut up. They suddenly realized that their judgment was pale and powerless in front of Luo Zheng …
Cui Xie coldly snorted and said, "Stubborn! Then let's do it again! "
After saying this, Cui Xie once again waved his fist and smashed it towards the ground. At the same time, a huge fist appeared in the air and smashed towards Luo Zheng's head.
This time, Luo Zheng did not allow this fist to smash down. He waved his hand, and the Vital Spirit in his body suddenly burst out. The starlight on the surface of his body suddenly circulated rapidly and slowly flowed towards Luo Zheng's hand.
"I've already said that you're just so-so. You don't know your own limits. Hahaha!" Luo Zheng sneered and punched towards the sky.
"Stars Sink and Earth Quake!"
"Boom!"
Under the surging starlight, the huge fist began to shatter layer by layer. Luo Zheng's figure turned into a stream of light and shot towards Cui Xie along the shattered fist radiance.
While Cui Xie was still in shock, Luo Zheng was already in front of him. Luo Zheng said coldly, "Now, it's your turn to go down!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng's fist also smashed down towards Luo Zheng's head!