Facing Cui Xie, Luo Zheng didn't show any mercy, nor did he have much killing intent.
In order to fight against Cui Xie, Luo Zheng had adjusted his mentality to the best state. He was neither excited nor sad.
His fist suddenly smashed out, and the power of Vital Spirit and dragon scales instantly broke out.
Compared with Cui Xie's "Emperor's Ultimate Fist", Luo Zheng's fist didn't seem to have much power, but it was much more deadly than Cui Xie's!
Just as Luo Zheng's fist hit Cui Xie, black smoke suddenly emerged from Cui Xie's body and wrapped him up.
"Bang!"
The moment Luo Zheng's fist landed on Cui Xie's body, he felt as though he was not punching a human body. Instead, he felt as though he was punching a thick layer of cotton wool. This unstoppable punch was like a stone ox that fell into the sea, disappearing without a trace!
"What's going on?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The black smoke that emerged from Cui Xie's body was very strange. Last time in Virtual Sky City, the Seven Voidspirits used Dragon-trapping Rope to bind Cui Xie, and then used their strongest attack, but it didn't cause any harm to Cui Xie!
Now Luo Zheng understood why the Seven Voidspirits were so shocked at that time.
However, Luo Zheng still had no expression on his face. Facing Cui Xie, strange things could happen. What he needed to do was to stabilize his mind and exert his strongest combat strength!
After being shrouded by the black smoke, Cui Xie seemed to be unharmed, but Luo Zheng didn't stop there. The second round of attacks followed!
"Get down!"
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng grabbed Cui Xie in the black smoke, and once again broke out the Vital Spirit in his body, pressing Cui Xie down!
"Boom!"
In this way, Luo Zheng pressed Cui Xie from a high altitude all the way to the big pit on the ground. Even so, Luo Zheng didn't stop, and kept pressing Cui Xie all the way to the surface of the big pit.
Hundreds of thousands of warriors from both sides saw Luo Zheng rubbing Cui Xie on the ground. Smoke and dust billowed all the way, and the two figures were completely buried in it.
One lap, two laps, three laps …
Luo Zheng still pressed Cui Xie on the ground and kept running, plowing gullies after gullies in the big pit!
In the end, Luo Zheng stopped, and a faint killing intent flashed in his eyes. He once again waved his fist at Cui Xie, and then everyone heard a dense burst of explosions!
"Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …"
It was as if many children had lit firecrackers at the same time to welcome the New Year. In the corner of the big pit, smoke and dust sputtered up like mushroom clouds, blooming one after another. How could anyone see the situation of the two people clearly?
On the city wall, when the people from the World Business Alliance and Cloud Hall saw this scene, they all felt their blood boil!
Why was the Tian Xie Sect so powerful? It wasn't because of the hundreds of thousands of independent warriors, nor was it because of Wu Zhanhe. It was because of Cui Xie, who was truly the number one person in the Central Domain.
In recent decades, no one had been able to shake Cui Xie's position, and no one had been able to test out Cui Xie's true strength.
Therefore, Cui Xie was like a nightmare, floating above the many Sects in the Central Domain. His deterrence alone was stronger than that of the Cloud Hall and the Void Spirit Sect. It was almost on par with the World Business Alliance!
This was also why the Minor Heavenly Cycle Three Kills Array that Luo Zheng had set up in the Cloud Hall had caused a commotion in the entire Central Domain!
The Cloud Hall had such a terrifying array that even Cui Xie could block it. Who else in the Central Domain could shake the Cloud Hall? The Sect Protection Array had already placed the Cloud Hall in an invincible position.
However, the Sect Protection Array was ultimately only a "shield" of a Sect. All along, everyone had thought that the Cloud Hall's overall strength was still inferior to the Void Spirit Sect and the World Business Alliance. Therefore, the Void Spirit Sect was still the number one Sect in the world at that time.
Now, everyone discovered that Luo Zheng had once again subverted their understanding. A disciple of the Cloud Hall had actually beaten Cui Xie to the ground. Wasn't this too exaggerated?
"Cui Xie doesn't seem to be able to fight back at all! This Luo Zheng's true strength is probably already above the Cloud Hall's Hall Master and the ancient giants! "
"Two years ago, he was still a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. The speed of his rise … is hard to accept!"
"This is too demoralizing! However, watching him beat up Cui Xie like this, I feel very good! "
This scene greatly boosted the morale of the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall's warriors! On the contrary, the morale of the more than 100,000 warriors of the Tian Xie Sect began to plummet.
"Can the King really do it? He's the number one person in the Central Domain, but he's being beaten up by a junior with a bone age of only 20 years. If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it even if you beat me to death!"
"Bone age of only 20 years old? You've underestimated that Luo Zheng! When he was just a Divine Reflection Realm warrior, he was able to defeat all ordinary Divine Core geniuses! I'm afraid a man like this has gone beyond the concept of geniuses! There's no place for a man like this in the Central Domain! "
"If the King is really defeated, or even killed by that young man, what should we do?"
"Hmph, not necessarily! If the King only has this little strength, our Kingdom of Evil Deities will become a joke! Don't worry, the King won't lose!"
Many warriors of the Tian Xie Sect had worried expressions on their faces. As their leader, Cui Xie was being beaten up like this, it was hard for them to accept. After all, most of them had joined the Tian Xie Sect because of Cui Xie's name. They had never expected that they would be beaten up by Luo Zheng in just a single round …
Although Luo Zheng's attacks were concentrated, and his strength was pouring onto Cui Xie's body, it was as if every single punch had landed on a piece of broken cotton. Cui Xie's body was shrouded by the black smoke, and it was as if he had entered a strange state. All the attacks that landed on his body were completely neutralized!
In the end, Luo Zheng decided to stop. He was panting heavily as he stared coldly at the black smoke in front of him.
In this round, Luo Zheng had used almost all of his strength. If he had concentrated all of his strength, he might have been able to destroy ten giant mountains.
However, the Cui Xie in front of him was still shrouded by the black smoke. He lay motionless on the ground, and his face and expression couldn't be seen clearly.
"Hahahaha …"
After a while, Cui Xie's muffled laughter came out from the black smoke. His laughter went from low to high, from gentle to hurried, and became louder and louder!
Hearing Cui Xie's laughter, Ning Yudie's expression turned solemn. She shook her head and said, "Cui Xie isn't injured."
"Under such an attack, he's actually unscathed. This Cui Xie … is really unfathomable!" Daoist Master Dameng frowned as he looked at the movement below the city wall.
As for the ancient giants and the three leaders of the World Business Alliance, although they knew that Luo Zheng's attack wouldn't be able to kill Cui Xie, at this moment, their expressions were still somewhat unnatural. Cui Xie's strength was still beyond their imagination.
On the other side, Wu Zhanhe's face was expressionless. Wu Zhanhe's mood was rather conflicted. Cui Xie's strength was too strong for him, and too weak was also not a good thing for him.
As for the many independent warriors of the Tian Xie Sect, their originally unsightly expressions slowly recovered. The person they worshipped as their king couldn't be so weak!
The black smoke surrounding Cui Xie's body gradually dissipated, and Cui Xie's tall and sturdy figure slowly appeared. Now, Cui Xie's entire body was covered in a layer of black scales, and a slender horn grew out of his head!
"It's really admirable that you can threaten my existence in just two years. It turns out that there is such a genius in the Central Domain!" Cui Xie said, and his body slowly floated up again. His eyes revealed a trace of danger. "However, it's still not enough!"
Luo Zheng's eyes were as calm as water. Instead, he asked, "Not enough? How much do you need? "
"Far from enough!" Cui Xie roared, and the bones in his body made cracking sounds. It was as if his bones had shifted positions in an instant. His entire body underwent an astonishing change. For example, the lower half of his legs protruded forward, like the legs of some kind of animal. The muscles on his body began to expand, and his entire body swelled to twice its original size!
At this moment, Cui Xie didn't look like a human at all. His entire body was as big as the Demon Race on the Sea God Continent.
Watching the changes in Cui Xie's body, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. "This Cui Xie seems to have a special bloodline. What race is it? The Demon Race? Or even the Dragon Race? Or other races … "
At this moment, a faint voice sounded in Luo Zheng's mind. It was Qinglong. "You guessed right, but Cui Xie didn't awaken the bloodline of the Hundred Races of the Upper Realm. This is the bloodline of the Underworld Devil."
"Devil!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat, and his calm eyes stared at Cui Xie not far away.
(Chapter 4 Before 12)
＝＝＝＝＝