Hell, the Yellow Springs, demons, ghosts …
There were many records of these things in the Central Domain, but they were all legendary existences, and no one had ever seen them with their own eyes.
It was precisely because of these legends that they were described in all kinds of strange stories, gossip, and anecdotes that people added all kinds of unimaginable conjectures and conjectures.
Whether or not these things really existed was another matter, but now, according to Qinglong's tone, Cui Xie indeed had the bloodline of a demon. In other words, the current Cui Xie was a living demon!
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know how Cui Xie had obtained the bloodline of a demon. However, the low-grade sacred tool in his hand had the ability to summon a Yaksha from the Yellow Springs. Perhaps Cui Xie had obtained it through the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, or through other means. Luo Zheng could only guess.
No matter what, the current Cui Xie that Luo Zheng was facing could only be more terrifying than before!
If it was the Luo Zheng of the past, his state of mind would have been greatly affected. But now, there wasn't much of a change in his expression. Not to mention that Cui Xie was a demon, even if he were a god or a Buddha, Luo Zheng would still risk his life to kill him!
"It's far from enough. How much is missing? I'll make up for it!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng's figure flickered, and the power of the dragon scales suddenly poured out of his body. This fist once again smashed into Cui Xie.
"Bang!"
Cui Xie's hand shot out like lightning, forcibly blocking Luo Zheng's fist, and then squeezing Luo Zheng's fist in his own hand!
If it were any other Life and Death Realm expert or Battle-Saint expert, they wouldn't be able to take Luo Zheng's fist head on. The consequence of taking Luo Zheng's fist head on would be to be directly smashed by Luo Zheng's terrifying strength! However, Cui Xie squeezed the fist in his hand, and at the same time, a strange rune appeared in his eyes. It was the symbol of the Demon Clan. When the demon bloodline in his body was stimulated, a steady stream of Demon Force crazily flowed through his body!
Being stared at by such a pair of strange eyes, anyone would feel their hair stand on end. Luo Zheng also felt a great pressure, but this pressure didn't change in the slightest on his face.
"Heh," Cui Xie held Luo Zheng's fist tightly, then raised it high, and threw it towards the city wall in front of him!
The moment Cui Xie threw Luo Zheng towards the city wall, his tall and sturdy body followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed, and she couldn't hold back anymore. She jumped down from the city wall and shouted, "Do it!"
Cui Xie's goal wasn't hard to see. If he threw Luo Zheng like this and smashed him on the city wall, it would probably collapse!
He wanted to use the opportunity of fighting Luo Zheng to directly break through the city wall!
On the city wall, all the warriors flew out. At the same time, all kinds of runes on the city wall bloomed at the same time. The runes that the Runic Tower had drawn over the years were instantly activated.
Most of these runes were defensive runes. In addition to most of the defensive runes, there were also some runes that increased a warrior's speed, strength, and Zhen Yuan recovery speed …
At this moment, this unprecedented decisive battle had finally begun.
When the warriors from Heavenly Awakening City rushed out, the warriors from the Tian Xie Sect also took action.
Under Wu Zhanhe's command, all the independent warriors formed into square formations and started advancing steadily!
All the Divine Reflection warriors moved in a uniform manner. They stood about 10 to 20 meters above the ground, the Divine Core warriors maintained a height of about 100 meters, and the Void Tribulation warriors maintained a height of about 34 to 400 meters.
Obviously, their strategy was exactly the same as the one in River Wave City!
In this way, the combined strength of tens of thousands of independent martial artists in each square formation was equivalent to a Life and Death powerhouse. On the battlefield, hundreds of thousands of independent martial artists formed a dozen square formations, which was equivalent to a dozen Life and Death powerhouses!
The battle between the two armies was on the verge of breaking out, and Luo Zheng was already charging towards the city wall at an incredible speed!
But before he could reach the city wall, a white figure flashed by and floated next to Luo Zheng, trying to support his body. However, just as Ning Yudie was about to support Luo Zheng, her expression suddenly changed. Ning Yudie's strength wasn't her forte, and Luo Zheng's force was not something she could support. By doing this, it meant that Luo Zheng was pushing her behind him, and he was going to continue crashing into the city wall!
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng turned around and pulled Ning Yudie in front of him. After that, he crashed into the city wall.
"Bang!"
The impact created a huge hole in the city wall, and a large portion of the glowing runes on the city wall were destroyed.
The most important thing was that Cui Xie was right behind him!
Cui Xie's face was filled with a cold, evil grin. He emitted an aura of supremacy, and rushed into Tianqi City alone. He didn't put Ning Yudie and that ancient giant in his eyes at all!
"Die, Luo Zheng! Earth Emperor's Ultimate Fist! "
A fist as big as a mountain suddenly condensed in the air. Compared to the previous "Human Emperor's Ultimate Fist", this huge fist was even bigger and more solid, as if it could shatter the void. Just as that huge fist appeared, it suddenly smashed towards Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng!
On the ground, Luo Zheng turned around and was about to intercept it, but Ning Yudie pressed Luo Zheng down. "Let me!"
Then Ning Yudie waved her hands gently, and a white cold air spread out. In this cold air, everything became incomparably slow. Even the shining golden fist became incomparably slow. In the end, it stopped in mid-air, unable to descend!
Ning Yudie's figure flickered, and she waved the Black Ice Halberd in her hand, hitting the huge fist.
"Bang …"
This fist was completely neutralized by Ning Yudie …
"Haha," Cui Xie didn't care at all. "Ning Yudie, your strength has also improved very quickly. If you can obediently surrender, I can consider making you the Crown Princess of my Kingdom of Evil Deities!"
In the past, Luo Zheng had destroyed his son Cui Yun's martial arts heart. Although Cui Xie helped Cui Yun recover, there were still some aftereffects! He knew that his son couldn't forget Ning Yudie. If he could make this woman his son's Crown Princess, it would be of great help to his son.
"Your Kingdom of Gods hasn't even started yet, and now you even have a Crown Prince? Don't tell me it's that useless son of yours, Cui Yun? "Luo Zheng said coldly.
Cui Xie said with a grim smile, "My son is useless, but you are about to become a dead man!"
Ning Yudie smiled sweetly at Cui Xie. "I'm afraid I don't have the fortune to enjoy the title of Crown Princess. You'd better find someone else!" After saying that, Ning Yudie stretched out her hand, and icicles, hundreds of feet long, stood erect and stabbed toward Cui Xie.
"Insignificant skill!" Since Cui Xie dared to barge into the Heaven Awakening City alone, he had absolute confidence that he could crush all of them. Cui Xie's fist shot out, instantly shattering all of Ning Yudie's ice spikes. The ice spikes fell to the ground like broken jade, reflecting a dazzling light.
"In that case, I'm afraid I'll have to destroy a flower today!" Cui Xie stretched out his hand and waved it. The True Essence in his body emerged like a tide in the sea. He held the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand again and gently pointed it at Ning Yudie.
A feeling of extreme danger welled up in Luo Zheng's heart. "Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng grabbed Ning Yudie and began to escape at full speed. However, Cui Xie's face showed a faint grim smile. The Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand moved slowly with Ning Yudie's movement.
"You can't escape, Luo Zheng. Ning Yudie must die! As for you, you'll be accompanying her very soon! " Immediately, the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in Cui Xie's hand suddenly trembled. It seemed that something had suddenly appeared in this world, but then it suddenly drilled into the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade!
That thing was extremely special. It only stayed in this world for a breath's time, but the hearts of all the warriors, mortals, and peerless experts in Tianqi City beat wildly for a while. Everyone was stunned in an instant!
Even the warriors who were fiercely fighting each other stopped. It was as if they would be the next to die if they did not stop. This was an instinctive fear that came from life!
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were no exception. Their hearts seemed to be grasped by a strange little monster. What was hidden in the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade? How terrifying was Cui Xie's attack?
There was not much time for Luo Zheng to guess. Cui Xie's target was Ning Yudie. At this moment, he only wanted to take Ning Yudie and escape as quickly as possible!
"Tremble in the Netherworld!"