However, just as Cui Xie was about to swing his saber, a great power came from above the city wall, and an old voice was heard.
"Cui Xie, your opponent is here!"
A person who lived for a thousand years would become a demon. The person who spoke was the stabilizing force of the World Business Alliance, the ancient magnate! He was also the only old demon who was over a thousand years old in the Central Domain.
This ancient magnate had been holding back, but he did make a move at this critical moment.
Two years ago, this ancient magnate was the only person Cui Xie feared. At the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng killed Si Miaoling, and Cui Xie wanted to kill Luo Zheng instead. Ning Yudie could not stop him, the three leaders of the World Business Alliance could not stop him, and Granny Yu could not stop him either. Only this ancient magnate could stop him.
This showed that this ancient magnate's strength was at least on par with Cui Xie's!
The ancient magnate put his palms together, and his wrinkled skin was pulled like a sail. Then, he reached out a withered palm toward Cui Xie and slammed it down.
However, before this ancient magnate could attack, Cui Xie suddenly said in a cold voice, "Old man, I've long found you an eyesore. If it weren't for you, I would have killed Luo Zheng two years ago. Since you want to die so much, I'll send you to hell first!"
In this way, Cui Xie, who had been preparing to use the Trembling of the Netherworld on Ning Yudie, changed its target. The nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand changed direction and was swung directly toward the ancient magnate.
"Whoosh …"
A bright yellow wind blew out from Cui Xie's nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade and swept toward the ancient magnate.
The moment the yellow wind left the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade, that special feeling came again. Whether it was inside or outside Heavenly Awakening City, all the living beings were seized by fear at the same time. They did not even dare to move or breathe!
Luo Zheng pulled Ning Yudie back frantically. Although he did not want to see the ancient magnate face Cui Xie alone, he did not want Ning Yudie to be in danger. While retreating, Luo Zheng asked, "Qinglong, what the hell is that? Why is it so terrifying? "
Before Qinglong could answer, the bright yellow wind had already swept toward the ancient magnate.
That wind wasn't very powerful. It was like a gentle breeze, which only made the overlord's clothes flutter slightly. Closely after that, the overlord's eyes lost their luster as his vitality was cut off. After that, he silently fell to the ground …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face...
At the same time, Shi Kefan, who was fighting fiercely with the ancient magnate, roared, "Elder Qin!"
Yan Yueshan and Mo Haishan's faces darkened when they heard Shi Kefan's roar. How could they have imagined that the ancient magnate could not even last one round against Cui Xie?
The three of them had been single-handedly supported by this ancient giant called "Elder Qin". The relationship between the three of them and Elder Qin was naturally abnormally deep. It was easy to imagine how they felt when they saw Elder Qin suddenly fall …
. A faint sneer appeared on Cui Xie's face. "Don't worry. I'll send you to hell one by one …"
Then, Cui Xie turned his head and stared at Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. He raised the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand again, and then a strange thing drilled into it. "Now, it's your turn!"
Ning Yudie's and Luo Zheng's hearts sank.
Cui Xie's means were obviously far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. The power and momentum of this blade were not fierce. It was just a light breeze. However, when the wind blew gently, their vitality was immediately cut off. What kind of means was this? It was unimaginable!
What kind of person was the ancient magnate?
Even Ning Yudie, who had broken through the Life and Death Realm, might not be his match. However, this ancient magnate did not even have time to attack Cui Xie before he was killed. How could Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie fight against Cui Xie? They were not even on the same level!
"Qinglong, what was that?" Luo Zheng asked urgently while retreating.
Qinglong's tone was very cautious. He immediately told Luo Zheng, "Cui Xie must have used the Wind of Life and Death on the Yellow Spring."
"Wind of Life and Death? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked.
"As you can see, this kind of Wind of Life and Death will only blow on the Yellow Spring River. Even the evil creatures living outside the Yellow Spring River will avoid this kind of wind. As long as they are blown by this wind, their life will be cut off immediately!" The Azure Dragon explained.
"Can't this Wind of Life and Death be stopped?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Qinglong sighed, "This thing, it shouldn't be … … this thing can't be controlled. Even Evil Demons have to carefully avoid it when walking on the Yellow Spring. How can Cui Xie control this thing?"
Qinglong did not directly answer Luo Zheng's question. However, it could be considered as an answer. Qinglong did not have a way to break it.
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were shuttling back and forth in Tianqi City. Cui Xie was too lazy to pay attention to the battle on the city wall. It was as if the outcome of the battle had nothing to do with him!
In fact, Cui Xie's strategy was correct. There were only two or three people in Tianqi City who could pose a threat to him. That ancient giant had already been killed by him. Only Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were left in front of him. As long as he killed these two people, even if he lost the battle on the city wall, he could still control the overall situation. Who else in the Virtual Tribulation Realm could stop him?
He could kill those Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors with a flick of his finger. Even those three fat men were not difficult for Cui Xie.
Fortunately, Tianqi City itself was huge. The distance between the two sides could not be closed for a while. At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a trace of irritation in his heart!
Indeed, Cui Xie had always been on top of him. When he was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he had a huge impact on Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts. Then he went to the Cloud Hall, and then to Tianqi City. In the end, after Luo Zheng returned from the Sea God Continent, Cui Xie continued to pursue him.
Today, Luo Zheng finally made up his mind to fight Cui Xie head-on and kill him. However, Cui Xie's methods once again suppressed him, forcing him to retreat!
Even though Luo Zheng had mentally prepared himself and stabilized his heart of martial arts to the extreme, he still could not help but feel agitated. Could it be that Cui Xie was his nemesis?
In fact, from Cui Xie's point of view, Luo Zheng was also his nemesis. Ever since he, Cui Xie, became the strongest independent warrior in the Central Domain, Cui Xie had never felt so troubled by anyone. Luo Zheng had made him suffer again and again, even making him a laughingstock in the eyes of the Central Domain's warriors. It was all thanks to this brat in front of him. He had never been so eager to kill someone because he could always kill the person he wanted to kill. Only Luo Zheng was an exception.
Therefore, this time, he was determined not to let Luo Zheng go!
Ning Yudie could also feel Luo Zheng's agitation. This little guy, who was always calm at any time, was finally agitated …
The most important thing for a warrior was to maintain their state of mind. However, Ning Yudie understood Luo Zheng very well. If he could control his state of mind to be as calm as water at this time, then he was not a human, but a statue, a dead object.
After all, humans were animals with emotions. With emotions, there would be fluctuations in their state of mind. They just needed to learn to control their own fluctuations.
Thinking of this, Ning Yudie's body slightly tilted, and one of her lily-white hands drilled into Luo Zheng's robes, covering Luo Zheng's chest.
At the same time, her true essence circulated, and an ice-cold aura spread out.
"Calm down, Luo Zheng," Ning Yudie said softly.
Luo Zheng felt the cooling sensation, and his thumping heart gradually slowed down. His originally tense face gradually relaxed, and that agitated look disappeared without a trace.
"Yes, calm down!"
A good state of mind had always been Luo Zheng's pride. But today, he had almost lost it.
Luo Zheng had encountered countless dangers, but he had always been able to maintain a steady state of mind and calmly escape danger. He never thought that today, when he faced Cui Xie, his state of mind would almost fall apart!
At this time, Luo Zheng softly called out, "Xun!"
A little red light instantly condensed around Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and a light erupted from his spatial ring. The medium-grade saint artifact spear spun twice before falling into her hand.
"Do you want me to kill him?" Xun smiled.
"You are not his match." Luo Zheng shook his head. "Stall him!"
Xun nodded, "No problem."