Because Smog was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Smog's strength increased along with Luo Zheng's strength. If Smog were to fight alone, even a warrior who had just stepped into the Life and Death Realm wouldn't be her opponent. However, it would be too difficult for her to fight against Cui Xie alone.
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't expect Cui Xie to defeat Smog. Even if Smog could really defeat Cui Xie, Luo Zheng wouldn't let Smog fight!
Luo Zheng pursued the Ultimate Martial Dao all his life. He already had a perfect start, stepping into the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm when his bone age was only 20 years old. However, Cui Xie had now become his archenemy.
If he wanted to go further on the Martial Dao, he had to personally eliminate Cui Xie. Otherwise, Cui Xie would very likely become his inner demon. In the future, he would never be able to go far on the Martial Dao, and it would be even more impossible for him to climb to the peak of the Martial Dao!
When he returned from the Sea God Continent, the simplest way was to ask Situ Haotian or even Liu Yu, who was a powerful expert from the deep sea, to personally make a trip!
Since Luo Zheng had spoken, neither Situ Haotian nor Liu Yu could refuse!
With their Divine Sea Realm strength, they could only steamroll their way through the Central Domain. Even a Life and Death Realm warrior like Cui Xie couldn't resist a Divine Sea Realm warrior, let alone a genius like Liu Yu, who was an outstanding Divine Sea Realm warrior …
However, in the end, Luo Zheng chose to fight against Cui Xie himself. His purpose was to personally eliminate this obstacle.
Now, it was the most critical moment.
The moment Smog entangled Cui Xie, Luo Zheng circled around Tianqi City with Ning Yudie, then rushed towards the city wall again.
At this time, the battle between the two sides was in full swing!
Although the Tian Xie Sect's army was powerful, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall's allied forces were not weak either. Especially the World Business Alliance, which was known as a sixth-grade sect. Its foundation was not something that the Cloud Hall could match!
Hundreds of gigantic puppets appeared on the battlefield. These puppets were made of steel and were as large as mountains. Under the control of the Puppetry Technique, they charged toward the Lascivious Sect's phalanxes. Each puppet could take away thousands of lives!
On the Tian Xie Sect's side, two huge coffins, one black and one white, had already been opened. Two huge zombies came and went like the wind from the coffins. In the short time it takes for an incense stick to burn, these two zombies had already killed five or six Void Tribulation Realm warriors in succession.
In addition to these two zombies, the huge lampstand had also been ignited. Under the raging flames, a phoenix formed from raging flames was born!
However, this phoenix was not a true Super Divine Beast. It was similar to Ning Yudie's Ice Phoenix, which was also formed from visualization. However, this Fire Phoenix's might was not ordinary. As soon as it was born, it let out a sharp phoenix cry and flew towards Tianqi City. The Fire Phoenix's strength was far beyond that of ordinary Void Tribulation Realm experts. Ordinary warriors could only dodge.
As for the three fatties of the World Business Alliance, although they were extremely sad because of Old Qin's death, they did not have much time to spare in the face of the World Business Alliance's life and death battle. At this time, the three fatties were fighting with another Life and Death Realm expert of the Tian Xie Sect, Wu Zhanhe!
Overall, Tianqi City's side was slightly weaker. However, the most crucial battle was between Cui Xie and Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng returned to the battlefield, many people's gazes fell on Luo Zheng.
However, whether it was the Tian Xie Sect or the Alliance's warriors, none of them interfered in the battle between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie. They could only watch a battle of this level.
"Whoosh!"
A little Sword Spirit wrapped around the spear and flew towards Luo Zheng. It was Xun, who had been defeated by Cui Xie, and returned to Luo Zheng's body.
"Where's Cui Xie?" Luo Zheng asked Xun.
After rushing out of Tianqi City, Luo Zheng did not see Cui Xie following him. Instead, he asked Xun with vigilance.
"The moment Cui Xie defeated me, he drilled into the ground. Be careful," Xun said cautiously.
Luo Zheng nodded. The two starlights on the surface of his body began to slowly separate and jump …
Luo Zheng had already tried before. Even if he erupted with all his strength, he still could not cause any harm to Cui Xie!
Even the demons, whose bodies were far stronger than humans, could not bear Luo Zheng's strength. However, Cui Xie was unscathed after taking so many punches from Luo Zheng. This demon's body was really too strong.
Against Cui Xie, I'm afraid I can only use that move, and the chance … is only one!
After the starlights separated, they rushed towards Luo Zheng's hands. An orange light appeared on one of Luo Zheng's hands, and a purple light appeared on the other hand. The space between his eyebrows was shrouded in a faint light, making him look dignified!
In addition to the general principles recorded in the upper part of the 《Stellar Battle Body》, there were eight moves.
Among them, the first move, "Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth", was the easiest to cultivate. It simply condensed starlight, and then condensed the starlight into the fist intent to strike. Just by relying on the power of the stars, one could erupt with extraordinary power. When Luo Zheng was undergoing the test in the Sin Tower, the original owner of the Sin Tower could not withstand Luo Zheng's punch.
But now, "Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth" had no effect on Cui Xie!
According to the 《Stellar Battle Body》, after communicating with the second star, one could begin to cultivate the second move.
Luo Zheng had just successfully communicated with the second star. During this period of time, he had been meditating in seclusion. He also had some comprehension of the second move, but he was not proficient in it …
However, the power of the second move was far stronger than "Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth". Now, he had no choice but to use this move.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and stared at the ground. He didn't know which direction Cui Xie would come out from!
However, just as Luo Zheng was looking for Cui Xie's figure, two bright yellow winds suddenly drifted over from not far away. It was the Wind of Life and Death released by Cui Xie using the nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade!
Cui Xie's face revealed a sinister smile. "Now, both of you can die!"
"Dodge!"
When Luo Zheng saw the bright yellow winds, his expression suddenly became startled. He grabbed Ning Yudie beside him and sank down.
However, when the Wind of Life and Death appeared, it seemed to have a life of its own. It actually followed Ning Yudie and drifted over.
The Wind of Life and Death was extremely peculiar. Any life form would instinctively fear the wind. Therefore, every time the Wind of Life and Death appeared, everyone's hearts almost stopped. Everyone stared blankly at the two bright yellow winds.
Daoist Master Dameng's face suddenly sank. The faces of many martial artists in the Cloud Hall also sank.
When the three leaders of the World Business Alliance saw this scene, their faces were also full of sadness. Even Elder Qin couldn't block this strange wind and instantly lost his life. How could Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie resist it?
As for Wu Zhanhe, there was a trace of a sneer on his face. Luo Zheng was destined to not be able to escape death …
At this moment, the light in Luo Zheng's hands began to shine. He put his hands together and the two starlights of completely different colors suddenly merged into one. In an instant, the entire world suddenly underwent a great change!
It was as if day and night had instantly changed in the sky. In the dark sky, everyone could only see two bright stars. One was orange and the other was purple. The two stars bloomed with a strange light. This light bloomed between Luo Zheng's hands!
"The Glory of Two Stars!"
Luo Zheng's expression was calm. His hands, which were originally together, instantly separated as he spoke indifferently.
＝＝＝＝＝