The Stellar War Body was a transcendent divine might. Whether it was practicing it or not, it was far more difficult than an ordinary martial skill!
Just having one's perception roam the great void was enough to stop 99% of martial artists. Then, communicating with the stars was even more difficult.
But once one succeeded in practicing it, they could use the power of the stars to fight in conjunction with astral essence. The power they could erupt with far surpassed the imagination of an ordinary martial artist.
In the past, Empyrean Stellar had relied on this Stellar War Body to become nearly invincible in the upper realms.
However, the first style of the Stellar War Body, Sinking Stars and Shaking the Earth, was only the most basic application of the Stellar War Body. It was the most primitive level. Even so, Luo Zheng was able to deal with those peak war saints when he was at the general level.
The second style was much more complex. It required the user to completely fuse the power of several stars together in order to erupt with an even greater strength. But, the characteristics of many stars were completely different. Some stars were abnormally gentle, and some stars were wild and restless. When these strengths fused together, they would repel each other. But once one succeeded in practicing it, the power would multiply!
Currently, Luo Zheng had only fused two stars together. In the future, the more stars Luo Zheng opened, the greater the power of the second style would be.
In truth, just the second style alone was enough to become an independent martial skill. Thus, just the first half of the Stellar War Body was enough for Luo Zheng to practice for a long time.
After Luo Zheng separated his hands, the purple and orange starlight intertwined. The two different powers of the stars were like boiling water, forming a small luminous sphere that emitted a faint multicolored smoke. The strength contained within seemed as if it would erupt at any moment!
When Luo Zheng cultivated, he had superimposed these two powers together. But at that time, the power of the stars Luo Zheng extracted was miniscule, only the size of a grain of rice. Even so, the power that erupted from this tiny grain of rice was hard to imagine. Luo Zheng found it difficult to fully control this power, and several times he had almost injured himself in the explosion.
But this time, the two types of starlight merged together, forming a small ball that was constantly boiling. It was the size of a fist! If it exploded in his hands, even if Luo Zheng had the body of a low-grade celestial artifact, he would probably be blown into nothingness in an instant!
Overall, the success rate of the "Glory of Two Stars" was only about 40%. Luo Zheng hadn't completely mastered it, so this was a risk for him.
Luo Zheng carefully stabilized the starlight in his hand, while the two bright yellow winds of life and death slowly blew towards him.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he suddenly threw the fist-sized ball at Cui Xie.
"Huff huff huff …"
Time seemed to have stopped at this moment. The light in the sky dimmed, and all the battles stopped at this moment.
Everyone watched as the small ball instantly intersected with the two bright yellow gusts of wind without the slightest hindrance!
Cui Xie and Luo Zheng's complexions changed greatly at the same time!
Luo Zheng was afraid of the Wind of Life and Death. He didn't know what kind of strange thing this Wind of Life and Death was. It didn't seem to have great power, but with a gentle blow, it could cut off all life!
Cui Xie was afraid of the small ball that was rapidly flying towards him. The small ball that Luo Zheng had thrown out contained a power that Cui Xie couldn't imagine. Even if Cui Xie had transformed into a demon and his body was extremely tough, he still wouldn't be able to resist it.
If he was hit by this small ball, he would probably die!
When this thought flashed through Cui Xie's mind, how could he dare to stay in the slightest? He began to retreat rapidly!
After three breaths of time, the small ball finally split open …
Several years later, the cultivators of the Central Domain would call this battle the Battle of Heavenly Awakening City. Any cultivator who participated in this Sect War would inevitably mention the moment when Luo Zheng and Cui Xie fought. This was a moment that hundreds of thousands of cultivators couldn't erase. Even time couldn't forget this moment. This was because this moment had become a legend that had been passed down in the Central Domain for tens of thousands of years!
Everyone watched as the small ball that was emitting a dual-colored light suddenly split open. Two different kinds of starlight soared into the sky. It was as if a pot of boiling oil had been poured into a pot of boiling water. A huge ball of fire appeared in the pitch black world!
With Cui Xie as the center, everything within several thousand feet of him disappeared, including a section of Heavenly Awakening City's city wall!
It was as if a giant had suddenly drilled out of a different space and erased a piece of space out of thin air.
When this horrifying scene entered everyone's eyes, everyone heard a dull sound transmitted over. Almost all the martial artists at the same time had blood flowing out of their ears!
Compared to the terrifying power of Cui Xie's side, almost no one noticed Luo Zheng's side …
The two gusts of Wind of Life and Death were like real death gods, blowing in front of Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. These gusts of Wind of Life and Death couldn't be blocked, couldn't be erased, and could penetrate everything, including space and time …
At this moment, thousands of thoughts flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. What should he do? How could he break this Wind of Life and Death? Did Xun have a solution? Did the knowledgeable Qinglong have a solution?
Amidst these chaotic thoughts, the two gusts of Wind of Life and Death entered Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's bodies.
"Pu, pu," the tiny sound was almost negligible.
There was no solution …
When the gusts of Wind of Life and Death entered Luo Zheng's body, he suddenly felt a deep sense of powerlessness. He turned his head and looked at Ning Yudie, only to see that Ning Yudie was also staring at him in a daze.
Luo Zheng felt his vitality drain away at an alarming rate. Ning Yudie was the same.
She was no longer able to maintain the dignity of a Temple Master. Her face was full of panic, like a lost little girl looking for her home. She staggered towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, a faint voice was transmitted into Luo Zheng's mind. Qinglong suddenly said, "I've thought about it. This Wind of Life and Death contains a trace of the Law of Karma. That's why it's so powerful. I wonder if the Heavenly Dao fragment can unravel it."
Qinglong was clearly speaking in his mind, but to Luo Zheng, it sounded so distant, as if it were on the horizon.
"What is the Law of Karma …"
Luo Zheng silently asked this question. But he found that his consciousness could not be transmitted to Qinglong. He could only stand there in vain, watching Ning Yudie throw herself into his arms. The two of them then fell to the ground.
"The Law of Karma. If there is a cause, then there is an effect. Life is the cause, death is the effect. So when the Wind of Life and Death touches you, you die." Xun's voice also floated out. Then she said, "Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, you need to use your true essence to open your Sumeru Ring … take out the Heavenly Dao fragment …"
Xun's voice was still incomparably distant, and it sounded a bit unreal. Luo Zheng felt his body become numb and rigid. He should be slowly "dying".
Xun could not use her Sumeru Ring because Luo Zheng's mark was on it. If she forcibly opened it, the entire Sumeru Space would explode. But how difficult was it for Luo Zheng to revolve his true essence at this time? He just felt sleepy and tired, and wanted to fall into a deep sleep.
His father gave him the single name "Zheng", which meant that the journey of his life was endless. Could it be that his life's journey had come to an end?
He struggled to open his eyelids, holding Ning Yudie in his arms. She had closed her eyes, and her face was full of serenity, as if she had fallen asleep. Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of relief. Maybe this was good?
"True essence … just a little bit!" Xun's voice came again. "Do you want to die with Ning Yudie? Where is your sister? She is still in Cui Xie's hands! Even if Cui Xie dies, others will still use her. Do you have the heart to … "
Luo Yan!
Luo Zheng's heart had already stopped beating, but when he heard Xun's voice, it suddenly twitched, and then weakly began to beat again. In the end, there was still someone he couldn't let go of!
At the same time, a wisp of true essence escaped from Luo Zheng's dantian, followed Luo Zheng's meridians, and directly poured into the Sumeru Ring. It erased the mark on the Sumeru Ring, and the Sumeru Ring became an ownerless ring.
Xun quickly took out a small fragment from the Sumeru Ring engraved with a phoenix, and cautiously stimulated the power of the fragment.
The law of cause and effect was a power above the Laws. Compared to the various Origin Laws of this world, the law of cause and effect was even more unreasonable and overbearing.