Everything in this world had a cause and effect.
Because walking in this world was destined to be difficult …
Because of hard work in cultivation, there would be success in martial arts.
Because …
Compared to the power of laws, the law of karma was purer and more direct.
However, all karma was built around the Heavenly Dao. When a Heavenly Dao was formed, all the karma had already been set. Therefore, the power of the law of karma was the top power of the Heavenly Dao.
No one in this world could fully comprehend all the laws of karma, unless they became the Heavenly Dao itself.
Xun looked at Luo Zheng nervously. Although the fragment of the Heavenly Dao contained a lot of karma, it was only a fragment of the Heavenly Dao. Even she and Qinglong didn't know much about the law of karma, so they didn't know if the fragment of the Heavenly Dao would have any effect.
If Luo Zheng died, the Sword Spirit Body would gradually dissipate, and the last wisp of Xun's soul in this world would lose its place to rely on. It would also dissipate between heaven and earth.
As for Qinglong and the others, they would probably be sealed in the mysterious furnace again.
However, at this time, everyone's attention wasn't focused on Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. More people were looking at Cui Xie on the other side!
The power of Luo Zheng's attack had exceeded everyone's imagination.
The power of a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist was much stronger than that of a Life and Death Realm martial artist …
Under this attack, how could Cui Xie survive?
As long as Cui Xie died, the Tian Xie Sect would only have Wu Zhanhe left. As a Life and Death Realm martial artist, Wu Zhanhe was difficult to deal with, but the Tian Xie Sect alone couldn't do much. The other martial artists weren't worth mentioning. The World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall might be able to turn the tables!
Both sides were aware of the importance of Cui Xie. Their fight was meaningless. Cui Xie's life or death directly affected the overall situation!
The two intertwined starlights gradually dissipated. The rocks, yellow soil, trees, and the city walls were also blown away by the wind.
As the smoke and dust gradually dissipated, everyone saw a person lying in the huge crater …
That person's entire body was pitch black, like a sweet potato that had been completely charred. His entire body was wrapped in charcoal, and he lay on the ground, motionless.
"It's Cui Xie!"
"He should be dead, right?"
"Lying there motionless, he's most likely dead. It's impossible for him to survive that kind of attack!"
Many martial artists discussed in low voices.
Many warriors on the city wall naturally hoped that Cui Xie would die. If Cui Xie died, it would mean that they had won this battle.
However, under everyone's watchful eyes, Cui Xie's body suddenly moved.
After seeing Cui Xie move, everyone from the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall felt their hearts twitch. Everyone's hearts sank.
Immediately after, Cui Xie moved his limbs and stood up from the ground!
Although Cui Xie was in a sorry state, he was still alive …
"This, this … Luo Zheng's terrifying attack was already unimaginable. However, this Cui Xie is even more exaggerated. He took that attack head-on and still didn't die!"
"This is too exaggerated. This Cui Xie's life is actually so tough!"
The warriors from Apocalypse City were in low spirits, but the warriors from the Tian Xie Sect were in high spirits. Cui Xie was indeed a powerhouse worthy of their trust!
"Our King is mighty! Our King is mighty! Our King is mighty! "
Many independent martial artists roared once again. Their roars shook the heavens and the earth.
"He should be almost there! Kill him while he's down! I'll kill him! "Daoist Master Big Dream looked at Cui Xie in the crater and suddenly charged toward him!
Daoist Master Big Dream naturally understood that only by killing Cui Xie could they end this war. After taking such a heavy blow, Cui Xie was now an arrow at the end of its flight. Daoist Master Big Dream didn't believe that Cui Xie still had room to resist.
Just as Daoist Master Big Dream charged toward Cui Xie, Cui Xie's originally sluggish body suddenly became nimble. His charcoal-like arm suddenly punched toward Daoist Master Big Dream.
Daoist Master Big Dream's expression changed. How could he dodge when he was caught off guard?
"Bang!"
This punch directly smashed Daoist Master Big Dream out of the crater. It was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
Everyone saw Cui Xie's charcoal-like face split open and reveal a sinister smile. Two rows of white teeth were exposed on his pitch-black face, looking extremely terrifying.
"It's over …"
Everyone understood that this sect war had most likely ended prematurely.
Cui Xie was still alive. It looked like he had suffered a very serious injury, but his combat strength didn't seem to be affected too much …
Where was Luo Zheng? Where was Ning Yudie?
Only at this moment did everyone remember the two of them.
The two of them were already hugging each other and lying on the ground.
When Luo Zheng and Cui Xie had fought, the two bright yellow winds were still fresh in everyone's minds. Those two winds hadn't been extinguished by Luo Zheng's attack. Most likely, they had already blown Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie away.
They didn't know what those winds were, but that ancient powerhouse of the World Business Alliance had been blown to death by them. How could Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie resist?
Cui Xie slowly walked out of the crater. The edges of the crater were covered in fine dust. With every step he took, a cloud of dust rose up.
He quickly walked out of the crater and walked towards Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie.
Originally, Xun had activated the Heavenly Dao fragment and placed it beside Luo Zheng. When she saw Cui Xie walk over, she took out a spear from her spatial ring and pointed it at Cui Xie!
Xun's expression was incomparably serious. She pointed her spear at Cui Xie and coldly said, "Stop."
Cui Xie once again grinned and said, "I don't know what kind of existence you are. Perhaps you are Luo Zheng's greatest secret? Luo Zheng is already dead. How about you follow me! "
"Hehe." A contemptuous smile appeared on Xun's face.
"What? Am I not qualified? In the future, I will be the strongest in the Central Domain. The entire Central Domain will be under my control! I will be the ruler and king here! "Cui Xie shouted.
His words were not only for Xun to hear, but also for all the martial artists present.
"What a joke … a small Central Domain, a small lower realm, an ant-like existence, yet you are so arrogant." Xun stared at Cui Xie contemptuously and continued, "A Life and Death Realm martial artist is no better than a speck of dust in my eyes. Back then, with just a glance, I only needed a millionth of my strength to kill you. You want me to follow you? Do you think you are qualified?"
Xun's words stunned everyone.
What kind of existence was this Sword Spirit beside Luo Zheng? A millionth of its strength was enough to kill Cui Xie?
If Xun was not bragging, then she was probably an existence that they could not understand …
Xun's words made Cui Xie's expression freeze. He knew that this foreign race woman had an extraordinary background, but he did not expect to hear such words from her. What level of strength did this woman once possess? What kind of power did she come from?
Cui Xie's gaze continued to shift to Luo Zheng, who was lying on the ground, and said, "It's strange. Logically speaking, Luo Zheng's vitality should have been completely extinguished, but now he seems to be hanging on by a thread?"
After saying this, he ignored Xun's spear and continued to walk toward Luo Zheng.
Seeing Cui Xie move, Xun did not hesitate. With a shake of her spear, an invisible wave of energy fiercely pierced toward Cui Xie.
"Puff!"
The power of Xun's spear was actually comparable to Luo Zheng's all-out attack, but when it pierced Cui Xie's body, it was as if it had pierced a broken piece of cotton, and was distorted by a strange power on the surface of his body.
Then Cui Xie grabbed Xun's spear, and with a shake of his hand, immediately scattered Xun into countless Sword Spirits. These Sword Spirits immediately gathered inside Luo Zheng's body.
As for the spear in Cui Xie's hand, after appreciating it for a moment, he stuffed it into his spatial ring and continued to walk toward Luo Zheng.
Ten zhang …
Fifty zhang …
Thirty zhang …
Cui Xie's gaze fell on a fragment on Luo Zheng's chest, and his eyes revealed a strange luster.
"This fragment …"
Of course, he did not know the origin of this fragment, nor did he know how much it weighed. However, he discovered that Luo Zheng's life was being continued by this fragment, so he naturally believed that this fragment was not ordinary!