Cui Xie didn't understand the principles behind the Wind of Life and Death, but that didn't mean he couldn't use the Wind of Life and Death to kill.
In fact, using the Wind of Life and Death was very risky for Cui Xie, and it would have a negative effect on his body. But, for the sake of this battle, he had no choice but to fight with everything he had!
The shard in front of him flashed with a color that made his heart skip a beat. With just a glance, Cui Xie was sure that this was no ordinary item. But, he didn't know if this item was the 'great secret' that Master Heartless had mentioned.
In Cui Xie's opinion, Luo Zheng had too many secrets. Perhaps, killing this guy would bring him unimaginable benefits!
Just as Cui Xie continued walking towards Luo Zheng and was about to take the shard, an extremely sharp sword beam suddenly shot out from the city wall!
"Swoosh!"
The sword beam contained an extraordinary aura, as if it represented the entire heavens, and it was here to punish Cui Xie!
The speed of the sword beam was so fast that no one had time to react. Even Cui Xie was slower by a beat!
"Puff!"
The sword beam accurately cut through Cui Xie's wrist, cutting off Cui Xie's hand!
Then, a young man holding a sword in his hand fell onto a green brick on top of the city wall. Next to him, there were two dark bloodstains.
In order to accumulate enough energy for this sword beam, Hua Tianming had nearly overdrawn his own life.
"Too bad … I didn't manage to hit his vital points." Hua Tianming thought to himself regretfully as he fell onto the green brick.
Even though he had only cut off one of Cui Xie's hands, it was enough to make Hua Tianming proud. After all, he was only a Divine Core warrior. The power of the Heavenly Sword was comparable to that of a transcendent divine might!
In fact, this Heavenly Dao was the Heavens itself! The Heavenly Sword that Hua Tianming cultivated also secretly catered to the power of the Heavens itself, and it followed the Heavenly Dao! If he followed the Heavens, Hua Tianming's future achievements might not be any lower than Luo Zheng's.
"That sword beam just now came from a young Divine Core warrior …"
"Yes, Hua Tianming from the Cloud Hall. I heard that the Heavenly Sword he comprehended could instantly kill a Void Tribulation warrior. Looks like the rumors are true!"
"What a pity, there are so many amazing geniuses from the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall, but they're all going to be destroyed. Losing one of Cui Xie's hands won't help him."
Cui Xie looked at his severed arm, then glanced at Hua Tianming, who was on the city wall. A trace of killing intent appeared on his face. At his level, there was indeed a way to regenerate a severed limb. However, the regenerated limb often had to be cultivated again. Otherwise, it would become a flaw in his body.
But, Cui Xie didn't have the time to find trouble with Hua Tianming. The most important thing right now was to find out Luo Zheng's secret!
Cui Xie stretched out his hand and pointed at the wound, stopping the blood from flowing out. After that, he stretched out his other hand.
Right at this moment, he suddenly sensed a black shadow flying above his head. He stretched out his hand and grabbed it. What he saw was a thick and heavy sword! It was a sword from the Extreme Purple Realm!
After that, huge swords kept appearing in the sky, forcing Cui Xie to back off!
A figure as elegant as a lotus flower rushed over from the edge of the battlefield. Xi Youqin was wearing a white dress. Her skin was as white as snow. She pounced on Luo Zheng like a leopard. She touched Luo Zheng's skin and felt a chill coming from his body. She couldn't feel the life force in Luo Zheng's body …
Cui Xie was forced back several feet by the huge swords. He felt agitated for no reason. Luo Zheng was almost completely dead. Why were there still so many irrelevant people coming to kill him?
Luo Zheng's luck was so heaven-defying! Even if he died, he wouldn't let him kill him so easily!
Xi Youqin suddenly raised her head. Her eyes were slightly red. Compared to the others, she didn't know much. She couldn't tell that Luo Zheng had suffered many injuries. She also didn't know what the fragment in Luo Zheng's chest was for or whether Luo Zheng was still alive …
She only knew that the person in front of her was the one who caused Luo Zheng to become like this.
Since the Xi Family was destroyed, Luo Zheng had become her sky. Xi Youqin understood that perhaps Luo Zheng didn't value her too much. She didn't even have the thought of asking for a status from Luo Zheng …
However, she still regarded Luo Zheng as her husband and the person she could rely on in this life.
Xi Youqin's eyes slowly became cold. Her eyes were filled with killing intent. She was like an angry leopard, staring at Cui Xie who wasn't far away.
Cui Xie glanced at this woman indifferently. He didn't care about her eyes. If it were before, Cui Xie might have been interested in Xi Youqin. However, this young lady of the Xi Family had lost her Primordial Yin. She was of no use to Cui Xie.
As for this woman's strength, Cui Xie wasn't afraid of her at all …
Si Miaoling's Extreme Violet Yin Body was awakened by Cui Xie using a secret technique. Although the Extreme Violet Yin Body was powerful, it was still limited by one's cultivation base. This young lady of the Xi Family was only an Early Divine Core warrior, there was nothing to be afraid of.
"There are many things between you and me that need to be settled." Xi Youqin suddenly said, "My Xi family, my great grandfather, and the millions of warriors in the Void Spirit Sect!"
A faint smile emerged on Cui Xie's face, then he casually asked, "What are you going to do?"
Xi Youqin's eyes became misty, then she said with a cold voice. "Of course I'm going to kill you!"
"With just you?" After saying that, Cui Xie glanced around. There were still many warriors from the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, but none of them dared to charge at her. Those Void Tribulation warriors still had some self-awareness, but this stupid woman in front of him didn't know anything …
"That's right, with just me." After saying that, Xi Youqin suddenly waved her hand.
In the next moment, Cui Xie's expression changed, and his expression became gloomy.
Numerous huge swords suddenly appeared in the sky …
One, ten, a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand, a million …
These huge swords covered the entire sky, and once again, the outside of Heaven Awakening City was plunged into darkness.
When the people from the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall saw this, their eyes went wide!
Many people had witnessed the might of the Extreme Violet Yin Body. When Luo Zheng fought against Si Miaoling, huge swords appeared one after another. The battle was even more dazzling, too much for the eyes to take in.
But, from the beginning to the end, there were only a few dozen huge swords!
How many were there in front of them?
They were densely arranged in the sky, as if the entire sky was made up of these huge swords!
How many people from the Tian Xie Sect would be able to survive if these huge swords slashed down?
Only then did Cui Xie realize that he was really wrong. He stared at Xi Youqin and asked, "You, how did you do it?"
Xi Youqin smiled brightly and shook her head. With a light wave of her finger, millions of huge swords slashed down from the sky at the same time.
She had the best physique in the Extreme Violet Realm, the first-grade Extreme Violet Yin Body. The huge swords she could use were far from what an ordinary Extreme Violet Yin Body could compare to …
Millions of huge swords were not her limit! If she could, as long as she paid a certain price, she could summon all 99 billion huge swords. With so many huge swords, it was enough to destroy the entire Central Domain.
Of course, this was not the result she wanted.
"Retreat!"
"Run!"
"We can't run away. There are huge swords everywhere!"
"Pfff, pfff, pfff, pfff, pfff …"
One by one, the huge swords slashed down, turning all the warriors below into minced meat.
Over a hundred thousand independent martial artists belonging to the Heavenly Evil Sect had been annihilated by Xi Youyou's zither in the span of a few breaths … Only a few Hollow Tribulation Realm martial artists and Wu Zhanhe had survived under the giant swords.
The battlefield outside Heaven Awakening City was like hell on earth. After the huge swords disappeared, the ground was covered in brown mud, which was a mixture of flesh and blood …
At this moment, Cui Xie's expression was as ugly as it could be.
＝＝＝＝＝