The ones who decided the victory of a war between the sects were usually the few top cultivators.
As long as Cui Xie didn't die, he alone would be able to win this war between the sects.
But, winning was one thing, controlling the city was another …
Even if he killed Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and those ancient giants, who was going to help him take over Heaven Awakening City?
Besides, there were hundreds of thousands of cultivators in Heaven Awakening City, was he going to kill them one by one?
Top cultivators against top cultivators, middle cultivators against middle cultivators, and bottom cultivators against bottom cultivators …
Cui Xie had won the battle between the top cultivators, but now, a strange woman had appeared out of nowhere and slaughtered all the middle and bottom cultivators from the Kingdom of Evil Deities. Cui Xie's mood was as bad as it could get!
"Woman, you're courting death!" Cui Xie's face was filled with anger.
This time, he didn't hesitate. He reached out his hand and grabbed Xi Youqin. This fair and clean woman could be crushed into pieces with just one hand!
However, Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and furrowed her brows. Underneath her angry expression, there was a hint of disdain. She reached out her hand and grabbed Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie, then all three of them disappeared in an instant.
"Extreme Purple Realm? What a petty trick! "
Cui Xie was the one who helped Si Miaoling activate her Extreme Purple Yin Body. However, the huge swords Xi Youqin summoned were completely out of Cui Xie's expectation.
After all, Si Miaoling's limit was only a few hundred huge swords. But, this woman was only an Early Divine Core warrior, and she was able to summon huge swords that were several tens of thousands of times stronger than Si Miaoling's. This was something that Cui Xie didn't expect!
After Cui Xie finished speaking, he reached out to grab the place where Xi Youqin had disappeared. According to Cui Xie's judgment, Xi Youqin should be hiding in the Purple Extreme Realm. No matter what, there was still a special node between her and this world. As long as he attacked that node, this woman would have nowhere to hide!
During the Martial Arts Conference, Luo Zheng was also forced by Si Miaoling to hide everywhere. In the end, it was because Luo Zheng relied on the Law of Space to find the location of the node that Si Miaoling was chased out of the Extreme Purple Realm.
Cui Xie originally had a hundred percent confidence, but with this grab, he frowned. His hand was empty!
"How is this possible?!"
Cui Xie clearly saw Xi Youqin disappear into the void. The node must be here. How did this woman do it?
Xi Youqin's faint voice drifted over. "Didn't you say that I was courting death? Haha … Then let me die! "
At this time, how could Cui Xie give up? He had to take down Tianqi City, but his Tian Xie Sect's army had been completely destroyed by this woman. More than a hundred thousand independent warriors, and they were the best among the independent warriors in the Central Domain. This was not a force that could be gathered in a short period of time!
He had paid such a huge price to attack Tianqi City today. How many independent warriors would dare to seek refuge with him in the future?
This time, he could not return empty-handed. Luo Zheng was his biggest gain. How could Cui Xie be willing to let Luo Zheng be taken away like this? He would never allow it!
"Hmph!"
Cui Xie snorted coldly and shot out a punch. With a wave of spatial fluctuations, his sharp eyes searched for the node.
It was still empty …
Then, Cui Xie threw out dozens of punches in one breath. Suddenly, his eyes lit up. He finally found a spatial node in the front left!
But just as he rushed over, the node suddenly disappeared.
"Idiot," Xi Youqin sneered.
Cui Xie did not say a word. He did not want to bicker with this woman at all. It was just that he could not find the node in front of him, and his mood gradually became impetuous.
Extreme Purple Realm …
This was a grotesque and variegated realm.
Dense giant swords were suspended in the sky. They were arranged neatly one by one, and they looked endless, extending to the edge of the world …
Compared to the True Dragon Realm, the Extreme Purple Realm was indeed very different. After all, the True Dragon Realm was a complete realm, and it was one of the largest independent realms among the hundred thousand realms.
The Extreme Purple Realm, on the other hand, was a broken realm with its own set of rules that were completely different from the outside world.
Xi Youqin put Luo Zheng to the side and pulled Ning Yudie away from Luo Zheng. She was not a generous woman. Even though Ning Yudie's body was cold, when she saw the two of them hugging each other, jealousy slowly rose in her heart.
After laying Luo Zheng flat on the ground, Xi Youqin knelt beside him. She held Luo Zheng's cold hands, but there was nothing she could do.
"That … Xun …" Xi Youqin awkwardly called out, "Sister Xun."
After a while, spots of red light began to condense. Xun coldly glanced at Xi Youqin, then turned to look at Luo Zheng. Her face was full of concern, and she immediately asked, "What is it?"
"What happened to Luo Zheng?" Xi Youqin murmured, anxiety appearing on her face.
"He's dead," Xun coldly replied.
Hearing Xun's straightforward answer, Xi Youqin opened her mouth slightly. She wanted to say something, but she stuttered and didn't know what to say. She was so sad that she was in a mess.
Seeing Xi Youqin's expression, Xun snorted and said, "I lied to you. It's hard to say now. We can only wait."
Xi Youqin held Luo Zheng's hand tightly and continued to ask, "Luo Zheng won't die, right? Sister Xun! "
Xun shook her head. "I'm not sure either. I hope so …"
The Heavenly Dao fragment released a strange light. Even after it was activated, the power it released only occupied a very small part of it. The Heavenly Dao fragment was not a panacea. It just happened that the wind of life and death contained a trace of the law of karma.
If one wanted to break the law of karma, they had to use another law of karma to fight it!
Because of life, death …
For many ordinary people, this law of karma was indeed very powerful.
However, it was not the most powerful law of karma.
For example, another law of karma could be easily broken.
"Because of death, nirvana rebirth."
This sort of law of karma could only be controlled by the legendary super God Beast, the Phoenix!
The Phoenix was a Super Mythological Beast, but it was not its attack power that was feared. In comparison, the True Phoenix Clan was generally weaker than the True Dragon Clan, but the Phoenix's life was controlled by the Karma Law of "Nirvana". Death was Nirvana, the beginning of their new life. Therefore, the True Phoenix Clan was almost an indestructible existence. Only by using a more powerful Karma Law could they be truly exterminated.
Compared to all sorts of karma laws, these were all relatively low level karma laws.
Now, they could only rely on Luo Zheng's good fortune. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to comprehend any sort of law of karma. They only needed Luo Zheng to use some sort of law of karma to break the law of karma in the wind of life and death!
A faint trace of energy from the Heavenly Dao fragment flowed into Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's consciousness gradually came into contact with this energy …
At this time, Luo Zheng was immersed in a special state. He was analyzing the information within this energy.
For Luo Zheng, this information was too massive.
The Heavenly Dao recorded the vicissitudes of 3.6 billion years, the vicissitudes of an era. There were 100,000 great worlds, millions of boundless worlds, the stars of the heavens, and the various foreign domains.
Too many things could happen in 3.6 billion years. Even a boundless world couldn't record the events that happened in 3.6 billion years.
Take Luo Zheng's boundless world as an example. The history of this boundless world was only tens of thousands of years old. The history before that was completely blank. This was only tens of thousands of years, let alone 3.6 billion years.
However, the Heavenly Dao fragment wasn't the entirety of the Heavenly Dao. Not to mention, Luo Zheng had only absorbed a trace of energy from the Heavenly Dao fragment.
What do I need to comprehend?
Why do I need to comprehend?
With no one to guide Luo Zheng, he couldn't communicate with anyone, including Qinglong and Xun. He could only rely on himself.
As he continued to analyze, he gradually realized the emotions hidden within the Heavenly Dao fragment.
The Heavenly Dao had emotions?
An inexplicable thought suddenly popped into Luo Zheng's mind …
Xun once told him that this fragment wasn't a fragment of the firmament, but a fragment left behind by the previous Heavenly Dao, "Ying Tian".
From this small fragment, Luo Zheng felt a trace of helplessness and grief from Ying Tian.