The Heavenly Dao also had emotions. Could it have originally been transformed from a living being?
The Heavenly Dao was the ruler of the universe. If it could transform itself into the entire Heavenly Dao, just what kind of powerful being was it?
The emotions that escaped from this fragment made Luo Zheng understand the helplessness of Ying Tian when it was shattered!
After Ying Tian was shattered, a new Heavenly Dao had to be established. As Xun had said, the current Heavenly Dao was Heaven. In the universe, after countless martial artists broke through to the Life and Death realm, they would encounter life and death tribulations. In other words, minor heavenly tribulations and major heavenly tribulations were sent down by Heaven.
In other words, after Ying Tian was shattered, it was completely replaced by Heaven. Then, how did Heaven accomplish this?
To Luo Zheng, these things were unsolved mysteries. But since he had already obtained a fragment of the Heavenly Dao, he might have a chance to participate in this in the future. It was just that Luo Zheng didn't know just what sort of magnificent secret he was about to face.
As Luo Zheng analyzed the fragment, besides the memories and emotions of the fragment, Luo Zheng also discovered some special things.
Those things were reflected in Luo Zheng's mind. They were made up of characters, arranged in rows and densely packed together.
Above each row were two characters. The upper characters were golden and the lower characters were dark gold. It seemed to be a question and an answer …
Luo Zheng didn't know that these characters were the Karma Laws recorded in the Heavenly Dao fragment!
The first row of characters was cause and the second row of characters was effect.
In the entire universe, if a martial artist wanted to cultivate Karma, they could only choose the Karma Laws that existed in the Heavenly Dao. Thus, these characters were the general outline of the universe. All the Karma Laws were written in them!
Because a seed was planted, flowers and trees could grow.
Because a person worked hard to irrigate and irrigate, they could harvest …
Because a person cultivated a special cultivation method, they could make a breakthrough at a specific time …
Every living being, every martial artist, and even every plant were included in the Karma Laws. Thus, the Karma Laws were the superior Laws of the universe!
As for the so-called inferior Laws, such as the Fire Laws, Water Laws, Time Laws, and Space Laws, they were all inferior Laws.
The operation of the entire universe was supported by the Superior Laws and the Inferior Laws. Only then could it operate freely.
Of course, the laws recorded in the Heavenly Dao fragment of Ying Tian were not the laws below the firmament. The current Heavenly Dao was the ruler of the firmament. This fragment of Ying Tian contained the laws of the Heavenly Dao from 3.6 billion years ago.
Just as Luo Zheng scanned the rows of characters, one of them suddenly shone brightly with golden light!
Luo Zheng's consciousness seemed to have understood the row of characters!
"Because of the eternal cycle of reincarnation, it will never perish …"
Eternal reincarnation, eternal immortality …
Luo Zheng was completely immersed in these words. He was even more unaware that his body was undergoing an astonishing change!
Xi Youqin accompanied Luo Zheng and quietly looked at Luo Zheng's face. This guy who had created countless miracles wouldn't die so easily, right?
At this moment, her heart was filled with regret.
In fact, because she had a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, she had paid a price. Not only did she have the ability to destroy the world, but she could also summon the infant true spirits of the Extreme Purple Realm.
Although those true spirits were only in their infancy, they should have been more than enough to deal with Cui Xie.
However, Luo Zheng had told her more than once that he didn't need anyone to interfere in his battle with Cui Xie. He needed to resolve it by himself. This was his destiny.
This was also why Xi Youqin hadn't made a move when she saw Luo Zheng retreating step by step. Luo Zheng's personality was too stubborn. If she rashly made a move, she would instead anger Luo Zheng. Xi Youqin was now afraid of offending this arrogant guy.
Seeing Luo Zheng's current state, Xi Youqin was naturally filled with regret. If she had another chance, she wouldn't hesitate to sacrifice her lifespan and summon her true spirit to kill Cui Xie.
Even if it had an impact on Luo Zheng's heart of martial arts, it was still much better than his current half-dead state.
Of course, Xi Youqin didn't understand that if Luo Zheng wanted to kill Cui Xie, he didn't even need to use Xi Youqin's ability. He only needed to invite the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Sea God Continent.
Luo Zheng was now walking on an impartial and brilliant path of martial arts. He was moving forward in an almost perfect manner towards the peak. On this path, he didn't allow any flaws. It wasn't that Luo Zheng's mentality couldn't get over Cui Xie, but if he used external forces, Cui Xie would definitely become his inner demon in the future. This demon would erupt at a critical moment and bring him unpredictable results.
"Eh?"
Xi Youqin suddenly had a strange expression on her face.
Next to her, Xun coldly stared at this woman and asked, "What's the fuss about?"
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's body seems to have become smaller!" Xi Youqin blinked. Her clear eyes were filled with disbelief.
"What nonsense are you talking about!" Xun suddenly looked at Luo Zheng and was shocked. "It has indeed shrunk!"
Luo Zheng's body suddenly became smaller. His appearance changed as well. The vicissitudes and murderous aura on his fair face were gone. Instead, he looked more childish. His hair also became shorter. It was as if he had suddenly turned from 20 years old to 14 or 15 years old!
"What on earth happened?" Xi Youqin asked curiously.
Xun shook her head. Even Xun had never seen such a strange thing. She had heard of things like regaining one's youth, and it wasn't difficult for the Yao Ye Clan to do so. However, it definitely wouldn't happen under such circumstances!
The two women stared at Luo Zheng. His body continued to shrink. Soon, he turned from 14 or 15 years old to 11 or 12 years old.
Luo Zheng's green clothes also became loose. He looked like a child wearing clothes that didn't fit his body!
"He became smaller again!" Xun said in surprise.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng turned back to 7 or 8 years old.
3 or 4 years old …
1 or 2 years old …
In the end, Luo Zheng turned back into a baby …
Xi Youqin's eyes flickered. She looked at the baby on the ground and suddenly said, "Did Luo Zheng look like this when he was a child?"
The baby looked very cute. He had a round face and long lush eyelashes. If it weren't for the fact that she was worried about Luo Zheng's safety, Xi Youqin would have hugged him and kissed him.
Xun didn't have the same thoughts as Xi Youqin. She was also deep in thought. This was the first time she had seen such a strange thing. If she guessed correctly, it should be because of the Heavenly Dao fragment that caused Luo Zheng to undergo such a shocking change.
What did Luo Zheng comprehend from the fragment? Or did he trigger some kind of karmic law?
While Fuming was pondering, Luo Zheng's body suddenly began to expand. He gradually grew from the appearance of a baby to that of a boy!
"This is!" Xun's eyes suddenly flickered. A strange idea suddenly flashed in her mind. "Is this the reconstruction of the body or the reincarnation of the body?"
Even Xun and Qinglong knew very little about the karmic law!
The karmic law was the purest rule of the Heavenly Dao. Even Celestial Masters couldn't control it. The Celestial Masters who could control the karmic law were the best of the best.
In Xun's impression, the reconstruction of the body and the reincarnation of the body could achieve this effect. However, Xun couldn't tell. After all, she hadn't seen this kind of karmic law with her own eyes!
"Does it matter which kind it is?" Xi Youqin asked with concern.
Xun smiled, shook her head, and said, "It doesn't matter. If it's the reconstruction of the body, it can make Luo Zheng's body purer. If it's the reincarnation of the body, it won't have any effect on him. But I believe he can wake up!" Xun thought of Luo Zheng's body, which had been soaked in the Hong Meng Dipper, and was much purer than ordinary warriors. His body was a freak in the whole universe. The reconstruction of the body was a great adventure for other warriors, but for Luo Zheng, it might not be a good thing.
The reconstructed body might not be stronger than his current body.