Luo Zheng's body was expanding at a visible speed, but Xi Youqin had already put away his clothes when he became smaller. Now Luo Zheng was naked and smooth.
Xun looked at the scene in front of her expressionlessly, while Xi Youqin glanced at Xun quietly and blushed slightly. Although Xi Youqin was no stranger to Luo Zheng's body, she was still not used to admiring her man's body with another woman.
But on second thought, Xun was originally in Luo Zheng's body, so she probably knew Luo Zheng better than she did.
Xi Youqin had not thought of this aspect before. In this way, didn't Xun hear the words she said when she and Luo Zheng were entangled? Thinking of this, Xi Youqin's face became even redder.
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Xun felt puzzled. But this woman was strange, so Xun did not bother to pay attention to her.
As Luo Zheng's body continued to grow, he quickly returned to a seven- or eight-year-old child, an eleven- or twelve-year-old teenager …
Slowly, Luo Zheng's body shape completely recovered, and he returned to the appearance of a 20-year-old young man.
Both women looked at Luo Zheng on the ground anxiously. Would he wake up?
After waiting for a long time, Luo Zheng's body suddenly trembled, and he opened his eyes abruptly.
The sky in the Purple Extreme Realm was dark purple, and purple-black auroras were constantly circulating in the sky. A huge purple sun in the sky was emitting a charming purple light.
Luo Zheng looked at this strange environment, and only then did he notice that Xun and Xi Youqin were beside him. "Where is this?"
Xun immediately replied, "The Purple Extreme Realm. Xi Youqin pulled you in."
Xi Youqin ignored everything and threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms, not hiding the joy on her face.
Luo Zheng hugged Xi Youqin and continued to ask, "Where's Cui Xie?"
Cui Xie's life was very important, and Luo Zheng was most concerned about it.
"He's not dead," Xun replied simply.
"He's not dead …" Luo Zheng lowered his head and murmured, showing a trace of regret. Out of the corner of his eye, he glanced at Ning Yudie next to him, and his face suddenly changed. He pushed Xi Youqin aside and stretched out his hand towards Ning Yudie's small nose.
Cui Xie shot two gusts of the Wind of Life and Death, one, hit Luo Zheng, and the other hit Ning Yudie.
Luo Zheng knew very well how dangerous the Wind of Life and Death was. Even that ancient giant had no power to resist the Wind of Life and Death. He had relied on the Heavenly Dao fragment to recover, but what about Ning Yudie?
Luo Zheng could feel Ning Yudie's slightly cold breath, which meant that Ning Yudie's body was still "alive", but the life force coming from Ning Yudie's body was very weak …
Seeing Luo Zheng's gradually darkening face, Xun said, "The Wind of Life and Death directly devours life force, and it contains the law of karma. Touching it means certain death, so there's no way to resist it. Her life force is now almost exhausted …"
Luo Zheng nodded silently. Even that ancient giant had died immediately after being hit by the Wind of Life and Death. He and Ning Yudie could survive mostly because of the Heavenly Dao fragment, which offset part of the law of karma between life and death. However, Ning Yudie was now in a state of near death, so how could she recover?
He had used the law of karma of reincarnation in the Heavenly Dao fragment to fully recover to his current state.
The reincarnation of his physical body was equivalent to him skipping 20 years of his life, allowing him to grow to his current state.
But what about Ning Yudie? Should he let her comprehend the laws in the Heavenly Dao fragment?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng did not hesitate and placed the Heavenly Dao fragment on Ning Yudie's chest.
The three of them waited quietly for a while, but Ning Yudie did not respond at all. The Heavenly Dao fragment also did not respond …
"Is it useless?" Looking at Ning Yudie's serene face and her petite body lying on the ground as if she had fallen asleep, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly ached.
Xi Youqin and Xun were also silent. Although Luo Zheng did not speak, they were very clear about Ning Yudie's position in Luo Zheng's heart. He would never allow Ning Yudie to die like this.
"Vitality … Xun, when you went to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land, didn't the Sacred Tree inject vitality into you?" Luo Zheng asked, a glimmer of hope in his eyes. Even if he could not awaken Ning Yudie now, as long as he could get enough vitality, he might be able to save Ning Yudie.
When Luo Zheng and Xun went to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Land had injected the vitality of the entire Sacred Tree into Xun. If that vitality could save Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng could take Ning Yudie to the Sea God Continent.
However, Xun shook her head and said, "It's useless. The Sacred Tree's vitality is very special. That Sacred Tree is connected to the hearts of all the members of the Demon Night Clan. The vitality of the Sacred Tree can only be used by members of the Demon Night Clan. Other clans cannot bear it. If Ning Yudie was a member of the Demon Night Clan, this method would work."
After Xun finished speaking, Luo Zheng fell silent again.
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng's face was filled with killing intent. He suddenly stood up and clenched his fists tightly. The veins on the back of his hands bulged as he said coldly, "I will think of other methods. No matter what method, Ning Yudie cannot die! However, Cui Xie … I must kill him! Xi Youqin, take me back! "
Seeing Luo Zheng's murderous expression, Xi Youqin's heart began to beat rapidly. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt like a complete stranger to her.
She nodded slightly. She felt a bit sad in her heart. He was willing to be so angry for Ning Yudie. What if it was her?
Xi Youqin didn't have much confidence in facing the question that suddenly popped up in her heart. She had always believed that she wasn't that important in Luo Zheng's heart …
Cui Xie was still searching the surroundings!
The person who understood you the most was often your enemy. Cui Xie also regarded Luo Zheng as his most important enemy. Therefore, he was very clear about how powerful Luo Zheng's fate was. As long as he didn't kill Luo Zheng with his own hands, this brat would always have a heaven-shaking fate to reverse his predicament.
Although the hundreds of thousands of independent martial artists of his Tian Xie Sect had been killed, those martial artists were nothing more than cannon fodder. Even if he was alone, he could still crush the entire Tianqi City. Not to mention that the Tian Xie Sect still had Wu Zhanhe, but there wasn't a single Life and Death Realm martial artist in Tianqi City!
The key problem was to kill Luo Zheng. However, that damned woman was actually hiding in the Extreme Purple Realm. He had been searching for so long, but he still couldn't find that node!
It was true that one wrong step led to trouble at every step!
If he had taken the initiative to snatch Xi Youqin, this wouldn't have happened today, and his Heavenly Demon Joyous Union Array would have been completed.
What Cui Xie didn't expect was that when this Xi Youqin was forcibly taken away by Luo Zheng, he had chased her all the way without success. Later, Luo Zheng had even taken away that woman's Primordial Yin. But today, this woman had taken such a great risk to save Luo Zheng …
This Luo Zheng's fate was much stronger than his. Cui Xie was also incomparably depressed. If it weren't for this series of karma, Luo Zheng would have already been a dead man. Moreover, the hundreds of thousands of disciples of his Tian Xie Sect wouldn't have been killed by that woman's giant sword.
On the city wall, many False Tribulation Realm warriors coldly watched this scene. As for the three fat alliance leaders, they were confronting Wu Zhanhe. At this time, they no longer had the heart to continue fighting.
In the eyes of the many warriors in Tianqi City, as long as Luo Zheng was still alive, then all hope still existed. If Luo Zheng really died, then everything would be over …
"I think it's better to surrender," a False Tribulation Realm warrior said indifferently as he sat powerlessly on the broken city wall of Tianqi City.
"We are warriors of the World Business Alliance. We would rather die than submit. Why should we surrender to the other party?" A stubborn warrior replied unwillingly.
"But facing Cui Xie, we don't even have the strength to fight back. Why should we throw away our lives for nothing?"
"Rather than drag out an ignoble existence, it's better to fight it out with him …"
Every warrior had a different mentality at this time, and their reasons were also different. However, the vast majority of warriors didn't express their opinions. In their hearts, there was still a last glimmer of hope.
At this time, Cui Xie finally discovered that a node had appeared in the air. His face immediately revealed a happy expression as he grinned maliciously, "Luo Zheng, let's see how you dodge!"
＝＝＝＝＝