Everyone was paying close attention to Cui Xie's movements. When the martial artists in Tianqi City heard Cui Xie's words, their hearts sank.
Cui Xie must have discovered Luo Zheng's hiding place!
This meant that their last hope was about to be extinguished.
Cui Xie didn't hesitate at all. He took a step forward, and his fist flashed. He punched out with unparalleled power and hit the spatial node!
"Bang!"
The moment Cui Xie's fist hit the spatial node, his expression suddenly changed!
A sharp sword suddenly appeared from the spatial node and instantly shattered Cui Xie's fist. The tip of the sword pierced deeply into Cui Xie's fist!
Luo Zheng was holding a high-grade sacred artifact! Even though Cui Xie's fist was covered in a layer of sturdy black scales, it still couldn't block the sharpness of the sacred artifact.
The long sword pierced through Cui Xie's fist and embedded itself into the bones of Cui Xie's hand. A huge force immediately pushed Cui Xie back!
The long sword completely left the spatial node. Next, Luo Zheng's right hand that was holding the sword was pushed back, followed by his entire body!
The ten fingers were linked to the heart. The pain in the hand was the most real and intense. Even Cui Xie's charred face showed a pained expression …
His other hand had been cut off by Hua Tianming's sword. At this moment, he could only continuously retreat.
Luo Zheng didn't give Cui Xie any chance. He firmly held the sharp sword in his hand and pushed forward. He wanted to use the long sword in his hand to nail Cui Xie to the city wall!
After Luo Zheng appeared, Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie also returned from the spatial node. However, Ning Yudie was carried out by Xi Youqin.
"It's Luo Zheng! He really didn't die! "
"I already said that this brat's luck is heaven-defying. No matter how dangerous the situation is, he can still escape with his life. I really don't know how he recovered. It seems like he didn't suffer any injuries!"
"But the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall seems to still be lying on the ground without any movement. Could he have died?"
Atop the broken walls of Heavenly Awakening City, numerous martial artists began to seethe with excitement!
They had already given up hope just now. There was no one in the Central Domain who could stand up to Cui Xie.
Previously, Luo Zheng's "Glory of Two Stars" had completely convinced them. If there was anyone who could defeat Cui Xie, then that person must be Luo Zheng!
But now, Luo Zheng had indeed returned, and he looked like a dragon and a tiger, as if he hadn't suffered any injuries at all.
"Kill Cui Xie! Luo Zheng! Good luck! "
"Luo Zheng, we support you!"
"Luo Zheng, I support you spiritually …" This was shouted by Red Maple.
Hearing this, Pei Tianyao smiled helplessly. Fortunately, Hua Tianming had fainted, otherwise, he was afraid that he would have to teach this brat a lesson.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng and Cui Xie, one in front and one behind, flew towards the city wall. The two of them were separated by a long sword, and the upper half of the long sword was still firmly nailed to Cui Xie's arm. Cui Xie's blood splattered all the way.
"You're really lucky. Even the Wind of Life and Death can't do anything to you!" Cui Xie said coldly.
In fact, the Wind of Life and Death was something that even Cui Xie himself couldn't completely control. Today's battle was not only related to the fate of the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, but also the fate of Cui Xie and the Tian Xie Sect. That was why he used such a terrifying thing!
Cui Xie had never heard of the law of causality. Even Cui Xie himself couldn't figure out how the Wind of Life and Death could kill the opponent. He only knew that the creatures that were blown by the Wind of Life and Death would undoubtedly die. There were no exceptions. No matter how powerful the creatures were, they would take a detour.
Although Cui Xie was desperately looking for the space node, he thought that Luo Zheng's luck was too heaven-defying. As long as he didn't see Luo Zheng die in his hands, he wouldn't feel at ease until he confirmed that his vitality was completely extinguished!
But in fact, Cui Xie thought that Luo Zheng was 99% dead.
The result was completely different from what he had imagined. The Wind of Life and Death didn't seem to cause any harm to Luo Zheng. Looking at Luo Zheng's vigorous appearance, how could Cui Xie not be shocked? It could be said that he was extremely shocked!
What kind of freak was this guy! How could he not die like this?
A sense of powerlessness rose from Cui Xie's heart. He, Cui Xie, was able to develop to this point as an independent warrior. His martial arts heart was as strong as an iron wall. If he couldn't achieve his goal, he would never give up. He was cold-blooded, cruel, decisive, and never hesitated!
But at this moment, he suddenly found that he seemed to have lost his confidence in facing Luo Zheng.
When martial artists fought, especially martial artists with similar strength, it was a competition of one breath. As the saying goes, when two rivals meet on a narrow path, the brave will win. The best mentality for a martial artist was to always maintain an unbelieving belief!
Previously, when Luo Zheng was being chased by Cui Xie, his martial arts heart was somewhat shaken. It was Ning Yudie who used her frost aura to calm Luo Zheng down. Under Ning Yudie's comfort and encouragement, he quickly recovered. But at this time, who could help Cui Xie?
Cui Xie had prepared many methods for Luo Zheng. The Wind of Life and Death was the enemy of all life, but it couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
Now, Cui Xie couldn't figure out how he could kill Luo Zheng!
How sharp was Luo Zheng's perception?
The trace of sadness that flashed through Cui Xie's eyes was caught by Luo Zheng's sharp eyes.
Cui Xie was Luo Zheng's greatest enemy and also someone he had to kill. Any flaw that Cui Xie revealed would be grasped by Luo Zheng!
Now that a flaw had appeared in Cui Xie's martial arts heart, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let it go!
"Cui Xie, you're not qualified to kill me!" Luo Zheng sneered.
"Is that so? You're just a False Tribulation Realm martial artist. Do I need to be qualified to kill you? "Cui Xie wasn't a fool. At this time, he quickly adjusted his mentality.
But Luo Zheng immediately said, "That's right! It's a pity that people like you are too arrogant. You want to call yourself an emperor and establish a Divine Kingdom, but you don't know that both a sacred ground and a Divine Kingdom need a Divine Sea Realm cultivator to guard it. What do you have to open the Divine Sea and call yourself an emperor with your talent? "
In order to build a Divine Kingdom or Sacred Land, it required a Divine Sea warrior to guard it. Just like the Purple Heart Sacred Land on the Sea God Continent. Although it was ranked at the bottom of the Sea God Continent, it still had Situ Haotian and two other Divine Core warriors guarding it.
Of course, if the entire Central Domain was united, they might be able to build a Divine Kingdom. But, as the King, he wasn't qualified to build one!
As long as a Divine Realm martial artist didn't die, he or she would be able to steadily break through to the Divine Sea realm!
Divine Realm geniuses weren't rare in the Sea God Continent, but in the Central Domain, their numbers were very small. However, in recent years, Cui Xie's son, Cui Yun, Xi Xiaojie from the Void Spirit Sect, and a few others had shown up.
As for Cui Xie, his talent couldn't be rated as a Divine Realm warrior. At most, he could only be rated as a Heavenly Realm warrior.
Of course, it was possible for him to break through to the Divine Sea realm with a Heavenly Realm warrior's talent, but it would be much more difficult. That was why Cui Xie's talent had always been his sore spot. When he found out that his son had a Divine Realm warrior's talent, he had spent a lot of effort in training him!
"It's just talent, I'm not limited by such a trivial matter. Once I set up the Great Heavenly Devil Joyous Union Formation, I'll definitely …" Before Cui Xie could finish his sentence, Luo Zheng clenched his fist, and the tip of his sword rotated in Cui Xie's hand. Cui Xie's face instantly turned pale.
"You won't have the chance. I've said it before. Since you dared to take Luo Yan away, you must be prepared to die!" Luo Zheng's voice had just faded away when the two finally crashed into the city wall.
"Boom!"
A large part of the city wall had already collapsed. Under this collision, a large hole was smashed open, and bricks one zhang wide fell down one after another.
At the moment of impact, Luo Zheng suddenly pulled his long sword out of Cui Xie's hand, and once again fiercely stabbed towards Cui Xie's chest!
Now, one of Cui Xie's hands had been chopped off, and the other hand had been crushed by Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact. He had completely lost the ability to fight back. Facing Luo Zheng's long sword, he could only choose to retreat. He shot backwards, and escaped along the inside of the city wall!
The inside of the city wall was built with all kinds of boulders and beams. Under this collision, the row of city walls began to collapse along the direction of Cui Xie's escape.