The warriors outside could see that the ten li wide city wall was quickly collapsing like tofu.
The warriors watching the battle on the city wall quickly left to avoid being caught in the crossfire.
"Pu!"
In the process of dodging, Luo Zheng stabbed his sword again. Cui Xie couldn't dodge in time, and the sword directly cut a slender wound on his chest, causing blood to flow out.
If it was before, when Cui Xie stimulated his demon bloodline and a layer of special scales appeared on his body, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been able to do much to him.
After all, Luo Zheng exhausted all his means of attack and still couldn't break Cui Xie's defense!
But now … …
Luo Zheng's "Glory of Twin Stars" directly carbonized Cui Xie's skin. Under the charred skin, there was only new flesh that had just grown out. If he wanted to completely recover his previous defense, he would need time to recuperate. How could a layer of newly grown flesh block Luo Zheng's high-grade Sage Grade sword?
If Cui Xie knew that Luo Zheng was still alive and could still chase after him, he would've left early and hid in a corner to recuperate. He would've waited for his body to completely recover before coming back.
But now, he had to fight against Luo Zheng with his incomplete body, which made him complain incessantly.
"Rumble … …"
Luo Zheng chased him from one end of the city wall to the other. From time to time, the figures of the two would appear from the broken walls. Everyone who saw this scene was also stunned.
"This Luo Zheng is really a fierce person. At the beginning, he was pressing Cui Xie down and beating him. Seeing that he was about to be killed by Cui Xie, he suddenly jumped up and pressed him to the ground again … …"
"This guy is already an existence that we can't understand. His strength can't be measured by his cultivation base. It can't even be measured by his eyes!"
"He's going to win! I can't believe that he can really kill Cui Xie! "
Seeing this inconceivable scene, the morale of many martial artists in Heavenly Enlightenment City soared. From the looks of it, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall should be saved!
"Boom!"
Cui Xie finally made it out of the city wall and dashed towards Wu Zhanhe. "Old Wu, help me!"
As the dignified number one master of the Central Domain, he had been chased down by a 20 year old youth and had even called out to other martial artists for help. This loss of face was far too great. It was easy to imagine how this matter would spread throughout the entire Central Domain, to all the tea houses and wine shops, to the point where it would be repeated over and over again. It would become the topic of conversation for many martial artists and even mortals. It would even become a story told by storytellers!
When Wu Zhanhe heard this, he naturally wanted to help. Cui Xie's death was not a good thing for Wu Zhanhe!
However, how could the three leaders of the World Business Alliance allow Wu Zhanhe to help Cui Xie? The moment the three fatties saw Wu Zhanhe move, the three of them surrounded Wu Zhanhe.
Who knew that Wu Zhanhe would give Shi Kefan a strange smile, "Do you really think that you can stop me?"
Previously, Wu Zhanhe was indeed entangled with Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan. However, at that time, Wu Zhanhe was waiting for Cui Xie to make a move. He did not put in any effort, preserving his own strength!
Even if the Kingdom of Evil Deities was really taken down, it would belong to Cui Xie. Wu Zhanhe was a Life and Death Realm martial artist. He was not so magnanimous as to be willing to hand over the Central Domain to Cui Xie.
He was also preserving his strength. If he chose the right time, he would naturally turn against Cui Xie and seize everything he had!
However, right now, Cui Xie could not die …
"Si si …"
After Wu Zhanhe revealed a strange smile, traces of pitch black Quintessential Qi swirled out. The Quintessential Qi transformed into hundreds of small black snakes that shot towards the three Merchant Union Heads.
Those small snakes were like real snakes, coiling in the air. Revealing their poisonous fangs, they bit towards Shi Kefan and the rest.
Transforming True Yuan into snakes was something that any martial artist who had stepped into the Xiantian realm could do. They only needed to catch a snake and visualize it. Most martial artists could do it vividly.
However, the danger of these small snakes was not their fangs, but the poison they contained!
Wu Zhanhe could be called the "Poison King". His standard of using poison was something that ordinary martial artists could not hope to reach. Furthermore, he had cultivated the inner version of the "Five Poison Scripture", and his standard of using poison had improved greatly.
The three leaders carefully dealt with these black poisonous snakes. As for Wu Zhanhe, he rushed towards Cui Xie. Colorful lights began to emit from his body. At this time, the colors on Wu Zhanhe's body were abnormally bright!
"Careful! Luo Zheng! Don't come into contact with this guy! "Shi Kefan was unable to get rid of these small black snakes and could only warn Luo Zheng.
The brighter the color, the stronger the poison!
Luo Zheng glanced at Wu Zhanhe indifferently. His gaze was still fixed on Cui Xie. Wu Zhanhe's "Five Poison Scripture" was an absolutely fatal existence to other martial artists. Even Cui Xie would be wary of it. However, to Luo Zheng, it was completely futile.
His high-grade Immortal tool body was not invulnerable to poison because he would not react to any poison at all!
With a wave of Wu Zhanhe's hand, a huge colourful net flew towards Luo Zheng's head. Before the net could cover Luo Zheng, there was already a fishy smell wafting over.
"Let's see if you'll retreat or not!" Wu Zhanhe stared at Luo Zheng with a sinister smile.
His poison net was made from 81 types of poisonous substances in the Central Domain. Moreover, it was refined using the secret method in the "Five Poison Scripture". Not to mention the False Tribulation Realm Luo Zheng, even Cui Xie would not dare to be enveloped by this poison net. Moreover, according to the "Five Poison Scripture", even if a Divine Sea Realm expert was enveloped by this poison net, they would still die.
This was the terrifying part of cultivating poison techniques. As long as one could collect fatal poisons, they could still kill those experts above their realm!
In the end, Wu Zhanhe saw Luo Zheng crash into the poison net. Moreover, it seemed that Luo Zheng did not hesitate or fear. His gaze was fixed on Cui Xie and he did not even look at his poison net …
"Is this guy crazy?!" Wu Zhanhe's expression changed. Then, a large hole appeared in his poison net. Part of the colorful poison net was still hanging on Luo Zheng's body.
"Ignoring my poison net, you will pay a painful price!" Wu Zhanhe stared at Luo Zheng. The poison of this poison net acted up very quickly. Moreover, when Luo Zheng circulated his True Essence, the poison could quickly spread throughout his body. If nothing unexpected happened, Luo Zheng could only live for another ten breaths of time!
"Fall for me!"
"Fall!"
"That's true!"
"Fall …"
Ten breaths, twenty breaths, thirty breaths …
The corner of Wu Zhanhe's mouth twitched. Only now did he unwillingly admit that his poison net seemed to have no effect on Luo Zheng!
What kind of monster was this kid! Wu Zhanhe lamented in his heart. After all, in his heart, Wu Zhanhe's poison net was on par with Cui Xie's Wind of Life and Death. But now, it had no effect at all. The degree of shock in his heart was almost the same as that of Cui Xie.
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others were resisting the small black snakes while paying attention to the movements below. They looked at each other and saw smiles in each other's eyes!
Luo Zheng really had the ability to turn the tide!
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng stabbed his sword into Cui Xie's back.
Cui Xie was an arrow at the end of its flight, while Luo Zheng had just undergone a physical reincarnation and obtained a new life. Whether it was in terms of mentality or body, the two were completely different.
When the sword pierced through, Luo Zheng's Vital Spirit suddenly erupted and pushed the long sword down. The long sword directly pierced through Cui Xie's chest and nailed him to the ground. The sword hilt was still shaking on the ground.
How could Cui Xie be willing to be tied up without a fight?
The moment he was nailed to the ground, he was about to turn over and get up. Luo Zheng had already taken a step forward and stepped on Cui Xie's chest, stomping him into the mud.
"It's over." Luo Zheng pressed his hand on the hilt of his sword and stared indifferently at Cui Xie.
Cui Xie raised his head to look at Luo Zheng, a look of panic finally appearing in his eyes. To him, this war between the sects was almost a sure-win battle, and it was also a crucial moment for him to establish his Divine Kingdom. But thanks to this boy, the situation had taken a sudden turn. Hundreds of thousands of independent martial artists had been wiped out, and he had fallen into this predicament in an instant!
How could Cui Xie be willing to accept this?
At this moment, a strange smile suddenly appeared on Cui Xie's face. "Over? Hahahaha! It's still far from over! "
＝＝＝＝＝