Luo Zheng looked at Cui Xie coldly with calm eyes. In fact, Luo Zheng had already guessed what was going on.
"The Central Domain will be purged by the Yu Dynasty sooner or later, and you … Hahahahaha!" Cui Xie's smile was crazy and ferocious. His scorched face looked as abominable as a demon's.
As Cui Xie spoke, he took out an Eight Trigrams Mirror from his Sumeru Ring with trembling hands and threw it at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng casually blocked the Eight Trigrams Mirror. The Eight Trigrams Mirror rolled a few times on the ground and faced up. The broken mirror slowly condensed into a human figure.
Everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. The battle between Luo Zheng and Cui Xie was what they were most concerned about. They all wanted to know what tricks Cui Xie, an ambitious and ruthless person, had up his sleeve when he was at the end of his rope.
The human figure slowly condensed. It was the boy that Luo Zheng had encountered before.
Luo Zheng looked at the boy indifferently with contempt on his face. He asked Cui Xie, "Is this your last trick? You're just a defeated opponent. "
The boy suddenly spoke, "You're Luo Zheng, right?"
"So what if I am?" Luo Zheng replied coldly.
"Yes, I did lose to you in Tianyun City last time, but I only lost a wisp of my soul. The Astral Storm has already stopped. Hahaha, you just need to sit and wait for your death. When the time comes, the entire Central Domain will be my, Heartless Sweetheart's, fiefdom! As for the secret in your mind, it belongs to me as well! "The boy laughed wildly.
Cui Xie also laughed, "Luo Zheng, I advise you to give up resisting! There are countless warriors of the Divine Sea Realm in the Yu Dynasty. They can totally crush you. If you choose to surrender now, I can consider leaving your corpse intact! "
Hearing Cui Xie and Heartless Monk's words, the hearts of many martial artists in Heavenly Enlightenment City trembled. Now, the Central Territory had truly fallen into troubled times. They had finally forced Cui Xie into a dead end and victory was right in front of them. But now, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom had suddenly appeared!
Divine Sea Realm warriors …
With the strength of the warriors in the Central Domain, a Divine Sea Realm warrior could sweep the entire Central Domain!
There was a huge Astral Storm in the sky above the Chaotic Astral Ocean, so it was very difficult to travel between the Divine Kingdoms and the Central Domain.. Only a few warriors had been to the Divine Kingdoms, but there was not much communication between them..
For the Central Domain, the four Divine Kingdoms were too powerful. The Astral Storm was also a big barrier to protect the Central Domain.
For the four Divine Kingdoms, the Central Domain could only be regarded as a barren land. The four Divine Kingdoms were not very interested in the Central Domain. Therefore, the two continents had maintained peace for so many years and minded their own business.
Judging from Heartless Sweetheart's tone, what he cared about was not the Central Domain, but the secret in Luo Zheng's mind. What on earth existed in Luo Zheng's mind? Even the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms were so interested in it?
"The secret in my mind?" Hearing Heartless Sweetheart's words, Luo Zheng's face darkened.
The secret of the mysterious furnace and the nine real dragons in Luo Zheng's mind had never been known to outsiders. Last time, when Luo Zheng fought against Heartless Sweetheart's soul in his mind, Qinglong directly swallowed his soul. He did not expect Heartless Sweetheart to know his secret!
Seeing Luo Zheng's face change, Cui Xie thought Luo Zheng was scared. He sneered and said, "Have you thought it through? If you are willing to give me all your secrets, I will consider sparing your life! "
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He said coldly, "Childish!"
Then he pulled out the long sword in his hand. A sword light shot out and immediately cut the Eight Trigrams Mirror into pieces.
The moment the Eight Trigrams Mirror was cut into pieces, Heartless Sweetheart's shadow slowly became blurred. Finally, his whole figure gradually disappeared, leaving only a strange smile.
The moment Luo Zheng pulled out his sword, Cui Xie suddenly rose from the ground. With his character, even in this situation, he would not give up.
However, Luo Zheng did not give Cui Xie any chance. He slashed out with his long sword. The sword light was like a silver snake, entangling Cui Xie's body. In an instant, his body was cut into pieces. His demon-like head rolled on the ground. In addition to unwillingness in his eyes, there was also a smile on his face. He wanted to say something, but how could he speak when his head was separated from his body? His shriveled mouth opened and closed weakly a few times. His vitality completely dissipated.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt relaxed after killing his old enemy with his own hands.
Since the beginning of the Blue Cloud Sect, Cui Xie's shadow was like a brand on his martial heart. And now, Luo Zheng had finally expelled this brand, removing the biggest stone in his heart!
Many martial artists in Tianqi City heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts. Even though the words of the boy had made them feel even more pressured, today's battle should be over. The only troublesome one was Wu Zhanhe!
Wu Zhanhe, who was floating in the air, saw this scene. His face suddenly changed. His black Zhen Yuan suddenly revolved, turning into a stream of light and speeding away!
Although Wu Zhanhe was a Life and Death expert, he mainly cultivated poison arts. His poison arts were incomparably sharp. Even if Cui Xie was stronger than him, he was still wary of Wu Zhanhe. The problem was that he had seen Luo Zheng break through his poison net with his own eyes. He did not put his poison arts in his eyes. How could he resist Luo Zheng?
This kid was completely immune to poison!
What's more, Cui Xie was already dead. His defeat was already set. If he continued to fight, he would only lose his life. There was no other meaning!
It seemed like he would have to live a life of concealing his identity again …
As for the remaining False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect, they also scattered and fled. Some of them were chased by the martial artists of Apocalypse City, but the three Alliance Masters and Luo Zheng did not chase after them.
Although Wu Zhanhe was a False Tribulation Realm martial artist, he was only a loner. In the Central Domain, he did not have much fame. The backbone of the Tian Xie Sect was Cui Xie. Now that the number one person in the Central Domain was dead, the entire Tian Xie Sect was scattered. These independent martial artists could only live a life of concealment in the future. Otherwise, if they went to any other sect, they would be punished!
With a long sword in hand, Luo Zheng slowly walked towards Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, who were not far away.
Within a radius of dozens of li, Ning Yudie's huge sword had plowed through the ground. The ground was filled with a mixture of mud and blood. As he walked forward, he left behind footprints.
The setting sun was dyed red with blood, and the rays of sunlight reflected on the broken tiles of Apocalypse City. Every martial artist felt a sense of sadness and joy. They had won this battle by a great margin, but they had still won in the end!
When Xi Youqin saw Luo Zheng walking towards her, a trace of joy appeared on her face. She pursed her lips and smiled. When she smiled, her faint appearance gave people a gentle and tranquil feeling. She reached out to hold Luo Zheng's arm, but Luo Zheng gently avoided her and continued walking towards Ning Yudie.
Xi Youqin's hand froze in mid-air. She looked at Luo Zheng's back in disappointment. However, her bright eyes turned and she immediately cheered up. She followed Luo Zheng. She knew that Luo Zheng was in a bad mood. Now was not the time to throw a tantrum.
Walking to Ning Yudie's side, Luo Zheng held her petite body in his arms and then flew towards the sky. After floating in the air, he glanced indifferently at the remaining martial artists.
The martial artists of Apocalypse City hadn't suffered too many losses. Of the hundreds of thousands of martial artists, only about a third had been lost. After all, almost all of the martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect had been killed by Xi Youqin's giant sword …
All of the martial artists' eyes were shining. It wasn't known who shouted first, "Luo Zheng! Mighty! "
The shouting wasn't loud, but it was very loud. Soon, more than a dozen martial artists joined in.
"Luo Zheng! Mighty! "
Immediately after, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands …
All of the martial artists followed the rhythm and roared towards Luo Zheng in the sky!
Today, Luo Zheng had become the savior of Apocalypse City. Or rather, the savior of all the sects in the Central Domain …
As long as they poured true essence into their voices, their voices could be transmitted far away.
All of the martial artists held their breaths. Now that they had won, how astonishing would their roars be? Hundreds of thousands of martial artists roared together with their true essence. That sound was terrifying to the extreme.
In the entire Apocalypse City, tens of millions of mortals could hear it clearly. That sound drifted far, far away.