Looking at Ning Yudie's serene face, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of sadness.
He wasn't a pretentious person. Most of the time, he could control his emotions. However, the sadness he felt at the moment made it difficult for him to control himself.
The battle with Cui Xie ended with his victory. However, he paid such a painful price. Most of Ning Yudie's vitality was taken away. She was like a dead person.
This was also a result that Luo Zheng didn't expect.
Many warriors were roaring and shouting Luo Zheng's name. However, Luo Zheng was moving forward slowly, flying towards Tianqi City.
The three leaders of the World Business Alliance looked at each other and followed Luo Zheng. In fact, the three of them were most concerned about what the boy said. Would the Yu Da Divine Kingdom really send people to the Central Domain?
If so, this would be the biggest crisis in the history of the Central Domain!
Throughout the history of the Central Domain, there were constant battles. This time, the Sect War launched by the Tian Xie Sect swept across more than half of the Central Domain. However, it wasn't unprecedented in the history of the Central Domain. During the most chaotic period of the Central Domain, all the Sects fought for themselves and attacked each other. It was completely chaotic.
However, these Sect Wars were ultimately internal conflicts within the Central Domain!
On the other hand, the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great had come from another continent, and it had entered the central territory as an invader!
As long as a powerful warrior of the Divine Sea Realm entered the Central Domain, it was enough to sweep the entire Central Domain.
Luo Zheng was powerful, but he was only a warrior of the False Tribulation Realm. It was impossible for him to fight against a powerful warrior of the Divine Sea Realm. By then, who could resist the Yu Da Divine Kingdom?
This wasn't a hidden worry. Just now, everyone heard clearly that the Astral Sea Storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea had stopped. Those powerful warriors of the Divine Sea Realm could easily pass through the Chaotic Astral Sea and arrive in the Central Domain.
However, this imminent crisis didn't have the slightest possibility of turning into a crisis …
Three days later.
Luo Zheng stood at the entrance of a palace like a statue, quietly looking at the sky.
Heavenly Awakening City was the most prosperous city in the Central Domain. It was home to all the artificers, alchemists, runemasters, and of course, all the famous doctors in the world.
An old man in a white robe came out of the palace and sighed towards Luo Zheng. There was a look of regret on his face.
This old man's name was Xue Xi. Even in the Central Domain, where famous doctors gathered, he was considered a first-rate miracle doctor.
"Doctor Xue, how is it?" Luo Zheng asked softly.
In fact, Luo Zheng already knew the answer from Xue Xi's expression.
Even the knowledgeable Qinglong was helpless. How could the doctors in the Central Domain compare to Qinglong's knowledge?
However, people who were about to drown would always grab onto some life-saving straws. Luo Zheng couldn't tell right now, so he could only try.
Xue Xi was indeed a knowledgeable man. He said, "The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall isn't sick!" Xue Xi didn't know anything about the law of causality, nor did he know that Ning Yudie was hit by Cui Xie's Wind of Life and Death. He said according to his own understanding, "Since we were born, when we absorbed the first breath of Innate Fetal Qi, the life force in our body is constant! That's why the little guy gives people a feeling of vitality! "
"Our fleshly bodies are like buckets filled with vitality. However, as time passes, the vitality in the buckets will be slowly depleted! When a warrior cultivates, he will constantly expand the bucket, increasing the life force in the bucket by ten times, a hundred times, a thousand times. Therefore, a warrior will have a lifespan that is ten times, a hundred times, a thousand times longer than a mortal! "
"As a person gradually grows older, the bucket will slowly decay, and the life force in the bucket will gradually dry up. For example, when a mortal reaches the age of eighty or ninety, even if they don't suffer from any pain or illness, they will still die. This is the so-called dying without illness! In fact, the life force in the bucket will dry up … "
"The Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is like this. 99% of the life force in the bucket has already disappeared. Only a faint trace of life force is hanging on to her body. Fortunately, the bucket of the Hall Master is much larger than the other warriors. Gradually, the remaining trace of life force is enough to keep her body from dying. However, her current state, to put it bluntly, is not much different from a dead person!"
Xue Xi was very patient as he explained to Luo Zheng.
In Tianqi City, Xue Xi was considered a very old and famous doctor. In addition to his great fame, his temper was also very bad. As the saying goes, a person with talent is arrogant. Even if he was the Alliance Master of the World Business Alliance, Xue Xi would rarely give him a good face.
However, today, he was very patient and patiently explained so much to Luo Zheng.
"Is there a solution?" Luo Zheng asked.
In fact, Luo Zheng knew what Xue Xi said. He didn't want an explanation, but a solution. No matter how much he said, it was useless to Luo Zheng.
"No," Xue Xi replied firmly, "In the Central Domain, there are indeed many medicinal pills that can prolong life. However, these medicinal pills don't really replenish life force! Those medicinal pills only repair the 'bucket' and slow down the loss of life force. However, the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall is not facing this problem! "
Luo Zheng frowned, but in the end, he nodded. "I understand!"
After Xue Xi left, Luo Zheng entered the palace. Several maidservants were waiting on the side. Ning Yudie was lying on a brown wooden bed. She still hadn't changed at all. It was as if she had fallen asleep and stubbornly refused to wake up.
Luo Zheng quietly looked at her for a long time. He remembered that on the way back from River Wave City, Luo Zheng had vowed that if he survived this crisis, he would hold a Dual Cultivation Ceremony with her.
The crisis had passed, and Cui Xie had been killed by him. However, he still ended up in this situation.
When Luo Zheng walked over, the maidservants obediently stepped aside. He originally had some words to say, but when they reached his mouth, he swallowed them back down. A firm look appeared in his eyes again. However, in his heart, he said, "I won't let you die."
Then, Luo Zheng turned around and walked out of the palace. He arrived at the main entrance of the World Business Alliance's headquarters. The three Alliance Masters and many False Tribulation Realm martial artists had been waiting here for a long time.
On the side of the main entrance, Ao Xiang was dressed in martial arts attire. An emerald green scimitar was strapped to his waist. He was ready to go.
Although Cui Xie was dead, the remnants of the Tian Xie Sect had not been completely eradicated. In the past few days, the martial artists of the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall had spread to the eastern cities one after another to clean up the independent martial artists.
However, most of the martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect had already scattered like birds and beasts. Their defeat was like a landslide. The backbone of the Tian Xie Sect was dead. The other martial artists simply had no power to resist.
As for this group of people, they were heading to the Void Spirit Sect. It had become the temporary headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect. All the important things of the Tian Xie Sect had been moved to this place.
On the day Cui Xie was killed, Ao Xiang couldn't wait to go to the Void Spirit Sect. He had heard that after Cui Xie made the Void Spirit Sect his headquarters, he had imprisoned his lover there.
Although Cui Xie was dead, there should still be many False Tribulation Realm martial artists guarding the Void Spirit Sect. With his Divine Core cultivation base, it was impossible for him to save Cui Xie's life if he went there alone. He had no choice but to wait for the main group in Tianqi City.
After this group of people gathered together, they started marching towards the Void Spirit Sect.
A few days later, Luo Zheng and his group appeared in the sky above the Void Spirit Sect. When they arrived at the Void Spirit Sect, all the defensive formations in the sect had been activated.
Although the Void Spirit Sect had been occupied by the Tian Xie Sect, the defensive formation left behind by Feng Guanyu wasn't completely destroyed. Although Cui Xie was dead, there were still many martial artists with great ambitions in this world.
Obviously, these martial artists hadn't given up yet. They wanted to rely on the defensive formation of the Void Spirit Sect to resist.
In the eyes of some False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Tian Xie Sect, the Tian Xie Sect's backer was the Yu Divine Kingdom. Once the people of the Yu Divine Kingdom arrived, the entire situation would be reversed.
This was also the reason why they still wanted to protect the Void Spirit Sect.
"Although Feng Guanyu's Thousand Illusionary Formation is very exquisite, it can only defend against False Tribulation Realm martial artists. Break the formation." Luo Zheng said with an indifferent tone.
The strength of the three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance was comparable to a Life and Death Realm martial artist. With the addition of Luo Zheng and many other False Tribulation Realm martial artists, it wasn't difficult for them to break this defensive formation.
Furthermore, many False Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Tian Xie Sect were either dead or injured. Most of them had fled in all directions and concealed their identities. There weren't many martial artists who were willing to stay in the Tian Xie Sect and fight to the death.
* Boom * * Boom * * Boom * * Boom * *
Under the continuous attacks of the group, the Thousand Illusionary Formation was finally broken.