The Void Spirit Sect was in chaos right now.
Back then, when they attacked the Void Spirit Sect, just how arrogant were they?
In front of the Void Spirit Palace, the plaque with the words' Void Spirit Sect 'was destroyed by them, and replaced with a plaque made from pure gold. The words' Tian Xie Sect 'were engraved on the plaque. This plaque made from pure gold weighed over 5,000 kilograms, and it shone brightly as it hung in front of the Void Spirit Palace. It was an extraordinary sight.
But too bad, this plaque had only been hung for a few months …
These independent warriors thought that if they followed the Tian Xie Sect, they would be able to secure their position in the entire Central Domain. But in the end, the Tian Xie Sect rose like a shooting star, and fell like a shooting star …
These independent warriors weren't trained by the Tian Xie Sect, and they weren't loyal to the Tian Xie Sect. During this period of time, more than one or two warriors had fled from the Void Spirit Sect. In the beginning, the Sect Elders of the Tian Xie Sect had tried to restrain them, but soon, even those Sect Elders had fled, leaving only a small number of warriors behind.
Within the Void Spirit Palace, Cui Yun was alone. Next to him were two girls who had sealed their senses. One of them was Luo Yan, and the other was Ao Xiang's lover. Both of them possessed the Extreme Violet Yin Body.
Because there weren't enough women, Cui Xie had sealed their senses. Through this secret cultivation method, their cultivation had reached the Mid Divine Core realm.
Cui Yun was lying on the spacious Dragon Throne without any energy left in his body. He stared blankly at everything in front of him, and there was a crazed look in his eyes.
A few months ago, he was still having a beautiful dream. When the Kingdom of Evil Deities reclaimed the entire Central Domain, his father would become the King of the Kingdom, and he would become the Crown Prince. Once the Kingdom of Divine Deities was established, he would unify the entire Central Domain, and no one in the Central Domain would be able to fight against him.
Unfortunately, this dream was too short, as if it was really a dream. After waking up, he was shocked to realize how childish he was.
At this moment, Cui Yun had also comprehended something. He realized that everything was destined. Luo Zheng wasn't just his nemesis, he was his father's nemesis as well ….
But so what if he comprehended it? The Central Domain was huge, but he had nowhere to go. Those independent warriors could still hide their identities. After all, there were too many independent warriors in the Tian Xie Sect. It would be difficult for the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall to find them one by one.
On the other hand, Cui Yun was Cui Xie's son. As a God-level genius, everyone understood the principle of eliminating the source of trouble. Not to mention that Luo Zheng would not let him off, those fatties from the World Business Alliance looked simple and honest, but they were all extremely shrewd. They would probably dig three feet into the ground to find him.
He no longer had a place to hide, so he might as well face it head-on.
He had to avenge his father's death.
"Luo Zheng, since you killed my father, I'll kill your sister in front of you." Cui Yun's face revealed a trace of ruthlessness. If he lost this war, he would lose everything. However, since you made me suffer, I won't let you have an easy time either!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Several escape lights appeared at the entrance of the Spirit Void Hall at the same time. Luo Zheng was in the lead, and Ao Xiang was more anxious than anyone else. He also followed closely behind Luo Zheng and entered the Spirit Void Hall.
When Cui Yun saw Luo Zheng, she couldn't help but feel afraid. That kind of fear came from instinct, like a mouse meeting a cat.
During the fight for the Rising Dragon Platform, Luo Zheng shattered Cui Yun's martial arts heart, leaving Cui Yun with an indelible memory for the rest of her life.
However, Cui Yun had already thrown caution to the wind. She forcibly suppressed her fear and pretended to be calm as she sneered at Luo Zheng. "Luo Zheng, you're here!"
Luo Zheng looked at Cui Yun coldly. This person in front of him was not qualified to say this to him. He looked at Luo Yan and the other woman next to him, and then said coldly, "Let them go, and I'll leave your corpse intact!"
"Let them go?" Cui Yun's face revealed a crazed look. "In your dreams!"
Cui Yun suddenly stood up from the wide dragon throne. Streams of True Essence flickered in her hands, and the True Essence transformed into thin threads that surrounded Luo Yan and the other woman's necks.
The thin threads of True Essence were extremely sharp. As long as she pulled them gently, she could separate the two women's heads!
Luo Zheng was still able to keep calm, but Ao Xiang couldn't stand it anymore. "Stop!" Ao Xiang roared and suddenly rushed toward Cui Yun.
Cui Yun smiled evilly. She gently twisted her fingers, and the thin threads suddenly tightened a little. They immediately cut the skin on Ao Xiang's lover's neck, and a trace of blood immediately flowed down from the wound.
Seeing this scene, Ao Xiang immediately stopped in his tracks.
"Come on, I promise I can separate her head from her body before you come here!" Cui Yun smiled faintly, her eyes full of madness. Since she was going to die anyway, she wanted to make herself happy.
Ao Xiang gritted his teeth and clenched his fists so tightly that blue veins were exposed. He stared at Cui Yun and asked, "What do you want?"
Cui Yun smiled faintly and said, "I don't want anything. I just want you … to pay a little price."
Luo Zheng stared coldly at Cui Yun and suddenly said, "Let them go, and I'll spare your life!"
"Hahahaha," Cui Yun suddenly sneered again, "Just now you wanted to leave my corpse intact, but now you want to spare my life! You gave in so quickly. Luo Zheng, you disappoint me! "
Luo Zheng didn't speak. He didn't completely figure out Cui Yun's thoughts.
In fact, during this period of time, if Cui Yun had enough time to kill the two women, and only took Luo Yan hostage after Luo Zheng's arrival, what was his purpose?
"What on earth do you want?" Luo Zheng asked coldly.
"I'm a god-level genius. If you just spare my life, how will you compensate me for everything I've lost?" Cui Yun continued, the madness in her eyes growing stronger and stronger, "Let me tell you, Luo Zheng, I don't need anything! I only want their lives! "
"My father is dead, and the Tian Xie Sect has been defeated. I have nothing, and it's boring to live." Cui Yun pointed to the distance, "All of this is thanks to you! Thanks to you, Luo Zheng! "
Luo Zheng's eyes were cold, and he didn't speak.
The faces of Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others also darkened. They knew very well that they had encountered the most difficult situation now.
They were not afraid of Cui Yun's request. As long as they could do it, they could promise to spare Cui Yun's life. After all, the Tian Xie Sect had lost its power. Leaving him alone couldn't make any waves, and it was impossible to reverse the situation.
However, Cui Yun was almost crazy now. He didn't even care about his own life. Everything was for revenge.
As the saying goes, one can be strong without desires. This kind of crazy guy was the most troublesome. The most troublesome thing was that Luo Zheng's sister was still in his hands. What should they do?
Luo Zheng's mind was also spinning rapidly. If Shi Kefan and the others could understand, Luo Zheng could also understand that the guy in front of him simply wanted revenge. He wanted to kill Luo Yan in front of him!
How could he save Luo Yan's life?
Kill Cui Yun as quickly as possible?
Luo Zheng didn't have the confidence to do so. Even if his speed was extremely fast, and if he used his astral essence to erupt, combined with the innate talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion, he could take Cui Yun's life in the blink of an eye. The problem was that the true essence thread in Cui Yun's hand was completely wrapped around Luo Yan's neck. With just a slight movement of his finger, he could decapitate Luo Yan!
No matter how fast he was, he couldn't be faster than this guy!
"You look very calm," Cui Yun stared at Luo Zheng and said with a faint smile, "But this calmness is forced. I can see that you are very scared!"
Hearing Cui Yun's words, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled faintly and continued, "You are right! I am indeed scared. I am afraid that you will kill my sister, but … "
"But what?" Cui Yun asked.
"But …" The moment Luo Zheng spoke, he was about to take a step forward. His Vital Spirit had already been activated.
However, Cui Yun was more vigilant than Luo Zheng imagined. Luo Zheng's figure only swayed for a moment. His fingers suddenly tightened slightly, and the Zhenqi filament directly strangled the two women's necks. In the Zhenqi filament, a trace of blood seeped out, and the two women's necks were blood-red.
"Luo Zheng!" Seeing this scene, Ao Xiang was also anxious and quickly stopped Luo Zheng's action.
Cui Yun had a faint smile on her face, "Do you think I am a fool? Luo Zheng! "
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and stared at Cui Yun. It seemed that attacking the Void Spirit Sect this time was a mistake. If he had known earlier, he would have found a way to sneak into the Void Spirit Sect secretly. However, Luo Zheng was not an immortal. He couldn't calculate this at all. Along the way, he was worried about the safety of his sister, so he could only break into the Void Spirit Sect first.
In contrast, Cui Yun was waiting for Luo Zheng to come and planned to kill Luo Zheng in front of Luo Yan.
This was the effect Cui Yun wanted.
＝＝＝＝＝