Blood continued to flow from the necks of the two women, slowly drenching their clothes. The stalemate in front of him was simply impossible to break. Luo Zheng's heart gradually sank, countless thoughts of what to do appearing in his mind!
As the blood continued to flow from Luo Yan's neck, hundreds of millions of miles away from the Central Domain …
Under the seemingly endless deep sky, there was a desolate mountain. Strange birds were circling around the mountain.
When each strange bird spread its wings, they were as wide as a great world.
In fact, there were countless creatures living on these strange birds, peacefully living their lives. There were even cultivators cultivating on the wings of these strange birds, hoping to one day ascend.
Just a single strange bird was already so large. Compared to the mountain behind these strange birds, they were nothing. Compared to the mountain behind these strange birds, these strange birds were just small black dots.
The height of this mountain was difficult to measure. It exceeded the limits of people's imagination. Standing at any angle on the mountain, it was impossible to see the full picture of the mountain.
On the summit of this mountain, there were several people quietly sitting there, overlooking the chaotic space in the distance …
These people had been sitting here for who knows how many tens of thousands of years.
For them, time sometimes stood still, sometimes it flew forward rapidly. For them, a thousand years was just the blink of an eye …
A young man wearing a feathered crown suddenly said, "There seems to be a problem. I'm afraid the needle is about to fall."
"I feel it. If we don't intervene, this move will be a dead end," Another white-haired old man nodded slightly.
"Second Brother, can you intervene?" The young man suddenly said.
"I'm not going! That guy doesn't have any ability at all. He can't even protect the people he's supposed to protect. I think you're all blind. He's not the only one participating in the Battle of the Great Worlds! Can't we just pick another one? " A fat guy stood at the edge of the mountain, shaking his fat head as he rejected the young man's proposal.
The young man muttered, "You don't know, but he's very special. Not to mention, the Heavenly Dao fragment has already fallen into his hands …"
"If you want to go, then go by yourself. I'm too lazy!" The fat man still refused.
"Alright, I'll go by myself!" After the young man finished speaking, he immediately disappeared from the mountain peak.
In the Spirit Void Palace, time passed one breath after another. For Luo Zheng and Ao Xiang, each breath was extremely painful. How could they not feel heartache when they saw the blood flowing out of the two girls' necks?
But the stalemate in front of him was unsolvable!
However, for Cui Yun, he felt extremely happy!
He stared at Luo Zheng with interest. He could clearly feel the pain in Luo Zheng's heart. The more Luo Zheng was in pain, the happier he was. This was the effect he wanted!
"Don't worry. These two women will definitely die. It's just a matter of time." Cui Yun sneered. Cui Yun didn't need anything except Luo Zheng's pain. That was enough!
Shi Kefan and the others were also at their wits' end. Who knew that they would encounter such a lunatic on their trip to the Spirit Void Sect? They couldn't do anything at all …
Just as the two sides were in a stalemate, a faint light suddenly bloomed in the sky above the Spirit Void Sect. It enveloped the Spirit Void Sect. The power contained in the light had already exceeded the scope of this Vast Thousand Domains.
Just a trace of the power contained in it was enough to destroy the entire Central Domain …
When this gentle light enveloped them, everyone was surprised to find that they couldn't move …
This feeling of being unable to move was extremely strange. At this moment, they couldn't blink, couldn't breathe, and even their blood … froze.
Whether it was Cui Yun, Luo Zheng, or the other people in the Spirit Void Palace, they were all like statues. They stood still on the spot and didn't move at all.
Then, a person suddenly appeared in the void.
That person looked like a young man in his early twenties. He wore an exquisite feathered crown on his head, but he gave off the feeling that he had experienced the vicissitudes of life for thousands of years.
Seeing that person, Cui Yun's face revealed a trace of fear. However, she couldn't move at all, so it was even more impossible for her to kill Luo Yan.
After that young man appeared, he walked toward Cui Yun. Then, he stretched out a finger toward Cui Yun and gently tapped Cui Yun's forehead. It was just a casual tap, and it didn't seem like he used any strength.
What happened next stunned everyone. In the blink of an eye, Cui Yun turned into ashes and completely dissipated before everyone's eyes. As for the threads of vital essence that were originally strangling Luo Yan and Cui Yun's necks, they naturally disappeared along with Cui Yun.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, and he was greatly shocked. Who was this person! How could he be so powerful?
After Cui Yun disappeared, that young man suddenly revealed a warm smile to Luo Zheng. Then, Luo Zheng, Ao Xiang, Shi Kefan, and the others found that their hands and feet had suddenly recovered!
"Who, who are you …" Shi Kefan asked with a face full of horror.
The three fat alliance masters also felt the strength of this person!
This young man with a feathered crown was neither in the Life and Death Realm nor the Spirit Sea Realm. He should be a more powerful existence that they couldn't understand.
That person didn't intend to answer Shi Kefan's question at all. He didn't even look at Shi Kefan, but at Luo Zheng. His face was still full of smiles, "I'm going to take Luo Yan away."
"Impossible!" Luo Zheng said coldly.
"I'm already breaking the rules by taking her away." That person shook his head, "There's no other way. If I didn't show up, Luo Yan would have already died. Next time, there won't be such a chance."
Even if this person was so powerful that he couldn't understand, Luo Zheng wouldn't let him take Luo Yan away. He had worked so hard to defeat Cui Xie, and finally had the chance to reunite with Luo Yan. He hadn't even said a word to her. How could he let this person take Luo Yan away?
Seeing Luo Zheng's persistent eyes, that young man was still full of smiles, "I understand how you feel, but Luo Yan won't be in danger if she follows me …"
"It's not a matter of danger. Luo Yan is my sister. I won't allow anyone to take her away," Luo Zheng answered coldly.
The young man smiled, "Can you stop me?"
"How would I know if I don't try?" Luo Zheng insisted on walking towards Luo Yan. Although her neck was injured, with her senses sealed, she couldn't feel any pain.
At this moment, a red light bloomed. Xun's figure appeared beside Luo Zheng. She looked at the young man in shock, then said to Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, don't go over!"
As the king of the Yao Night clan, when had Xun revealed such an expression?
Although she was a half-step Sector Lord, she had interacted with countless experts. Let alone someone above the Divine Sea realm, even an Empyrean wouldn't make her reveal such an expression!
"You're the little girl who controls slaughter in the Yao Night clan." The young man smiled and nodded towards Xun.
Xun was the King of Slaughter. Who knew how long she had lived in the Yao Night clan. However, to the young man, she was still a little girl. The amount of time this young man had lived wasn't something Luo Zheng could imagine.
Xun glanced at the young man and begged, "Luo Yan is Luo Zheng's guide. The two of them complement each other. It's not good for you to take her away like this."
"Rather than letting her suffer, why don't we take the final step and take her away. If Luo Zheng has the strength, she will still guide Luo Zheng up the mountain." The young man replied.
Xun didn't say anything. She knew she didn't have the ability to change the young man's mind. Although she had a high status in the Yao Night clan, this young man was still an existence she couldn't even look up to!
Luo Zheng didn't believe it. He couldn't be bothered with the conversation between the young man and Xun Shen. He continued walking towards Luo Yan. Seeing Luo Yan's six senses sealed, he felt a pang of heartache. He wanted to remove the seal on Luo Yan.
"Don't go any further." The young man stopped in front of Luo Zheng and extended a finger. "I don't want to leave a shadow on your martial heart. If you continue, I will let you feel my strength!"
"Your strength?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and stared at the young man.
"Yes, one millionth of my strength." The young man smiled. He extended a finger and circles of light spread out from the tip of his finger.
Seeing the circles of light, Luo Zheng's expression became serious. This … was this really one millionth of his strength?