Luo Zheng didn't know what this power was formed from, and he couldn't even feel the fluctuations of true essence within it.
No matter what kind of power this young man was using, Luo Zheng could only go all out!
As the rings of light spread towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. All of the power of the stars opened at the same time, including all of the power of the dragon scales!
When this power erupted, it was enough to destroy a mountain range or even cut off a river's flow.
But when Luo Zheng touched the rings of light, he finally understood the disparity between him and this young man …
These rings of light looked very calm, and one couldn't even feel the power contained within them. But the moment Luo Zheng touched them, he felt an unshakable power escape from them!
Even if Luo Zheng's strength increased by ten times, he still wouldn't be able to shake these rings of light!
Bang!
The first ring of light suddenly exploded, followed by a second, a third, a fourth …
Logically speaking, if the power within these rings of light exploded, it would be enough to destroy the entire Void Spirit Sect. But the direction in which the power spread out was very strange. The power didn't spread out in all directions, but instead completely poured onto Luo Zheng's body.
Peng!
There was another muffled sound …
Luo Zheng's entire person was directly sent flying, shooting wildly towards the rear! He flew past Void Spirit Hall, past the Void Spirit Sect, past the plains, past Void Sky City …
Pushed by this power, Luo Zheng's flying speed in the air was over twenty times faster than when he erupted with astral essence and true essence. In just a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng had already crossed several hundred miles!
Finally, Luo Zheng crashed into a lush forest. After smashing through several hundred trees, he finally came to a stop.
The forest was a complete mess. If one were to look down from above, they would see a path extending from the edge of the forest. On this path, there seemed to be fallen tree trunks scattered all over the ground.
This path was forcefully plowed out by Luo Zheng's body!
A tiger-headed weasel quietly skimmed through the forest. Its agile figure didn't make any sound. This skinny and ferocious third-level vicious beast only looked at Luo Zheng for a breath's time before quietly hiding in the depths of the forest. The aura emitted by Luo Zheng wasn't something it could provoke.
Lying in the forest, Luo Zheng still couldn't suppress the shock in his heart. Was this just one ten-millionth of his power? If he used all of his power, wouldn't he be able to destroy this world with a wave of his hand?
Even the power of the halos had only sent Luo Zheng's body flying. If the power had not hit his body evenly, even with his Immortal Artifact body, he would not have been able to withstand it. He would have probably exploded and died.
Why would such a person appear here? .... Why did he have to take Luo Yan?
Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out …
The Spirit Void Hall was silent. Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others were stunned. This guy who came out of nowhere was simply a super monster!
Warriors could only be intimidated by the strong. The young man in front of them was far beyond their imagination. Just like those mortals who were raised in captivity when Luo Zheng first came to the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng was like a true god in the hearts of Tuturu and the others.
The young man in front of them was the same. In the eyes of Shi Kefan and the others, he was like a true god!
Therefore, when they looked at the young man, all the warriors in the Spirit Void Hall had awe in their eyes. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly, let alone speak.
On the contrary, the young man was very easy-going. He smiled at the crowd, but shook his head and said, "I accidentally used too much power. Just now, it was about three-ten-millionth of my power. It's quite difficult to control the power within such a range …"
Hearing the young man's words, everyone's hearts couldn't help but twitch. What kind of monster was this?
Seeing that no one spoke, the young man turned to Shi Kefan and said, "You all seem very nervous?"
Shi Kefan squeezed out a smile and shook his head, "No, no!"
"That's good. I knew it. I'm such an amiable person. How could I make people nervous?" the young man said to himself again.
Shi Kefan didn't know whether to laugh or cry. In his heart, he thought, 'Amiable my ass. This is like a huge Vicious Beast being tiny to a human child. How could a human child feel amiable?'
"This won't do. I've pushed that boy too far away. Come back … for me!" The young man stretched out his hand towards the entrance of the Spirit Void Hall and gently grasped at the air. An invisible suction force spread out in front of him!
Luo Zheng, who was hundreds of miles away, had just gotten up when he felt himself being enveloped by an invisible force. Then, he floated in the air and rushed towards the Spirit Void Sect. After a few breaths of time, he stood firmly in the Spirit Void Hall.
In the blink of an eye, he was hundreds of miles away. In the blink of an eye, he was back in the Spirit Void Sect. Luo Zheng had an extremely unreal feeling …
The young man smiled faintly at Luo Zheng and asked, "How do you feel?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and said, "Very good!"
"In that case, I'll take Luo Yan away." After saying that, the young man walked towards Luo Yan.
"Wait!" Luo Zheng said anxiously.
The young man looked back at Luo Zheng and asked, "What's the matter? You can't stop me … "
"I've been separated from Luo Yan for a long time. Can you help me break the seal on Luo Yan? I want to talk to her!" Under the huge gap in strength, Luo Zheng finally chose to give in. Even if Luo Zheng's strength increased by a hundred times, or even a thousand times, it was still impossible for him to compete with this young man. Luo Zheng knew his own limits.
More importantly, Luo Zheng didn't feel any malice from this young man. If he wanted to kill him, Luo Zheng would have died thousands of times in this short period of time. However, he only showed his powerful strength and even saved Luo Yan's life.
As for the reason, he would ask Xun about it later.
After thinking for a while, the young man said, "I'll give you 30 minutes." After saying that, he reached out and gently tapped between Luo Yan's eyebrows. Luo Yan's mouth, nose, eyes, ears, and other parts all emitted a faint light. The seal on Luo Yan was broken by this young man in an instant.
Seeing him break the seal on the six senses so easily, the three leaders couldn't help but raise their eyebrows.
[This technique is too unimaginable …]
The Great Seal of Six Senses was a secret cultivation skill. Cui Xie had mastered this secret skill, and so did the World Business Alliance. However, this secret skill would have an unexpected effect on the cultivator's heart of martial dao, and it was very troublesome to use. Therefore, the World Business Alliance rarely used it.
Using this method to bring a few Divine Core warriors to the World Business Alliance was meaningless. However, because of the Heavenly Fiend Joyous Union Formation, this secret skill was very suitable for Cui Xie.
The process of sealing the six senses was extremely troublesome, and breaking the seal on the six senses was extremely complicated as well. If they were the ones who brought Luo Yan back, they would have to spend a lot of effort, and it would take at least a few months before they could break the seal.
This young man had just casually waved his hand, and easily broke the seal. This was incredible.
Luo Yan's eyelids twitched, then she suddenly opened her eyes. A puzzled expression could be seen within her pupils.
She had been sealed for more than two years. Although she had been constantly cultivating during these two years, her entire body and mind had been sealed. If it had been a cultivator who was over a hundred years old, it probably wouldn't have affected her too much. After all, in the long years of a cultivator's life, it was very common for them to cultivate in seclusion for ten years or even a hundred years.
But, Luo Yan was still young, and in her short life, she had spent nearly one-ninth of her life in a seal. This would definitely have some negative effects on her body and mind.
She was startled with a puzzled expression. Looking at the unfamiliar environment in front of her, as well as the unfamiliar faces around her, her mind was filled with questions.
All of a sudden, a familiar figure entered her sight. Immediately after, her small oval face was filled with pleasant surprise. Finally, she opened her mouth and called out softly, "Brother …"
(Thank you for the 13000 coins tip! I'll work hard after the 10th!)