This brother and sister pair's short life could also be considered full of misfortune.
Ever since the two of them grew up, they were separated more than they met together. Moreover, each time they met, they would break through layers of resistance.
Only, when a martial artist matured, apart from being blessed by the heavens with luck and advantages, what they couldn't escape from the most was their own fate.
It was just like what those people said, Luo Yan was their guide, as well as the pointer in their words. Every step they took in life always had an ultimate goal in mind.
When he was in Luo Family, Luo Zheng's goal was to head to Blue Cloud Sect to find his younger sister. After finding his younger sister, his goal was to rescue his younger sister. In the end, Luo Zheng relied on his stunning achievements to bring his younger sister away from Purgatory Mountain.
Who would have thought that after this short reunion, they would be separated for several years, only now did they meet again.
Because her six senses were sealed, Luo Yan couldn't sense the passage of time. Her memories were still from two years ago.
Just how much despair did Luo Yan feel at that time? She only had one thought in her mind. Could her older brother really save her from Cui Xie's hands?
Even though she carried hope, she understood Cui Xie's strength and status. Her older brother was undoubtedly stunning, but that was the Eastern Domain after all. Her older brother could compete against many geniuses in the Eastern Domain, but when placed in the Central Domain, he wasn't much. How could her older brother's strength contend against Cui Xie?
She never expected that the instant she opened her eyes, she would see her older brother appear in front of her. Within her pitch-black pupils, spirals were currently slowly spinning, releasing a strange type of joyous radiance. She stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. He slowly walked towards Luo Yan, reaching out his arms, wrapping the thin and slender Luo Yan in his embrace.
Luo Yan buried her head into Luo Zheng's chest. She still couldn't believe that she had returned to her brother's side like this. She even had some guesses in her heart. Perhaps her brother had reached some kind of agreement with Cui Xie to allow Luo Zheng to see her. However, she was even more puzzled. Why was Luo Zheng able to appear here?
"Brother, where's Cui Xie …" Luo Yan didn't dare to ask this question. She was afraid of the answer. Maybe Luo Zheng just met her and her fate didn't change?
However, Luo Yan was also a strong warrior. She was very clear that there were some problems that she had to face.
Luo Zheng whispered in Luo Yan's ear, "I killed him."
Luo Yan suddenly raised her head. Her face was full of disbelief. She asked Luo Zheng in a trembling voice, "Brother …"
"It's true. I killed him with my own hands." Luo Zheng stroked Luo Yan's hair. He didn't know if it was because of the Six Senses Seal Technique, but her figure had grown a lot taller in the past two years. However, her figure was even thinner and her hair was a bit withered and yellow. How could Luo Zheng not feel heartache when he saw his sister like this?
Luo Yan pursed her lips. Her eyes revealed a trace of disbelief.
As Luo Zheng's sister, she had unconditional trust in her brother's words. However, Luo Zheng's words were too shocking and hard to believe.
If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, most people wouldn't have believed it.
Three years ago, Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian warrior. Two years ago, he stepped into the Divine Reflection Stage. However, in just two short years, Luo Zheng had personally killed the number one person in the Central Domain. This wasn't inconceivable. This was already hard to understand.
In comparison, those warriors who had lived for hundreds of years, or even hundreds of years, had all their time been wasted? As for that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance, had he also lived for more than a thousand years?
This was the reason why Luo Yan didn't dare to believe it.
This was the Central Domain, not the Eastern Domain!
Seeing Luo Yan's expression, Luo Zheng smiled. However, his eyes were very serious. "Brother won't lie to you. Cui Xie is really dead. I killed him with my own hands."
"I believe you!" Since Luo Zheng said so, how could Luo Yan show any doubt? However, she still asked worriedly, "Then … brother, can you take me away from here?"
Since Cui Xie was dead, she could naturally return to her brother's side safe and sound. Although Luo Yan's six senses were sealed, her mind was still operating. When she was immersed in her own consciousness, she had been looking forward to this day the most.
However, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I can't."
Luo Yan's expression changed. Her voice rose a notch. "Why?!"
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and asked, "Can you give me a bit more time?"
The young man was very patient. He just smiled and said, "To me, time is just dust …"
The ancients said that an inch of time was worth an inch of gold. However, to people like them who had lived for countless years, millions or even tens of millions of years, time was really just dust.
"Thank you." Luo Zheng glanced at the young man indifferently. Then, he took Luo Yan's hand and walked out of Xu Ling Hall.
Although the Xu Ling Sect had been attacked by the Tian Xie Sect, since the Tian Xie Sect had chosen it as their temporary headquarters, the surrounding environment was still intact. It was not like Xu Ling City, which had been plundered by independent martial artists. Those that could not be taken away were burned to the ground.
Walking out of Xu Ling Hall, they were surrounded by lush greenery. The scenery was picturesque.
The brother and sister walked side by side on a tree-lined path. Luo Zheng's face was indifferent, but Luo Yan was full of depression. There was only one question in her mind that kept echoing. Why couldn't her brother take her away?
"Why can't you take me away?!" After walking for a short distance, Luo Yan stopped. Her eyes were full of reproach, but her tone was a bit more coquettish.
Luo Zheng thought about this question, then answered, "The young man in the hall wants to take you away."
"I don't want to." Luo Yan shook her head. After waiting for so long, her brother had even killed Cui Xie, but he still couldn't take her away. How could Luo Yan be in a good mood?
Facing Luo Yan, Luo Zheng was very patient. This was his only sister.
He smiled bitterly and said, "But I can't beat him. He's very powerful …"
"So what if he's powerful? Is he more powerful than Cui Xie? "Luo Yan asked.
Luo Zheng sighed. "Yes, he's much more powerful than Cui Xie. Much, much more …"
"Then we can run away now!" Luo Yan curled her lips. That young man didn't tie their hands and feet. She couldn't understand how big the gap was between Luo Zheng and that young man!
Run away …
Luo Zheng still shook his head.
In the face of a powerhouse of this level, he had no chance of escaping at all.
Besides, where could he escape to with Luo Yan?
He didn't know where that young man came from, but he definitely couldn't be a powerhouse hidden in the Central Domain. It was very likely that he was from the Upper Realm.
According to Luo Zheng's knowledge, if a powerhouse from the Upper Realm wanted to descend to the Lower Realm, they would be subjected to many restrictions. Only powerhouses from the Upper Realm could enter and leave at will. Otherwise, they would be rejected by the entire Upper Realm!
Therefore, martial artists from the Upper Realm were called the enemies of all living beings!
After forcefully descending, they would almost become the enemy of all living beings, and they would also face many restrictions …
However, that young man wasn't rejected by the Upper Realm at all. It was very likely that the entire Upper Realm didn't dare to treat him as an enemy. It was even possible that the entire Upper Realm was afraid of him!
Even if he escaped to the Sea God Continent, that young man would be able to track him down in the blink of an eye.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng proposed to go out with Luo Yan, that young man didn't care at all. He wasn't afraid that Luo Zheng would run away with Luo Yan.
"Luo Yan, do you want to hear about what I've been through in the past two years?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"Yes!" Although Luo Yan was very unhappy, she was indeed very concerned about what Luo Zheng had been through in the past two years. How could he kill Cui Xie in such a short time!
"Actually … I've already seen you once two years ago. It was at the Martial Arts Conference in Tianqi City. Unfortunately, your six senses were already sealed at that time," Luo Zheng said.
"Ah …" Luo Yan was shocked. She didn't expect that her brother had actually seen her during this period.
Therefore, on this forest path, Luo Zheng talked tirelessly about how he passed the Trial Taker's Path, entered the Cloud Hall, participated in the Martial Arts Conference, fought for the Rising Dragon Platform, killed Si Miaoling, lit the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb, and went to the Sea God Continent …
He didn't hide or hide anything from Luo Yan.
＝＝＝＝＝