Luo Zheng didn't hide anything from his loved ones, including Luo Zheng's fate of the "Battle of the Ages", as well as the fact that Luo Yan might be his guide. Luo Zheng was a little confused about these things. He only heard and guessed, but he wanted to let Luo Yan understand that their fates were like this …
If he wanted to completely control his own fate, he must have enough strength. Unfortunately, he wasn't strong enough, far from it!
He couldn't change his own fate, nor could he change Luo Yan's fate. Therefore, he could only watch as Luo Yan was taken away, without the slightest ability to resist.
Luo Zheng slowly narrated, while Luo Yan listened quietly. When Luo Zheng talked about all kinds of thrilling places, her eyes widened from time to time, and she used her small hands to cover her mouth. Her face was full of worry.
Luo Yan couldn't imagine that her brother had gone through so much during this period of time, and all of this was for her.
After Luo Zheng finished, Luo Yan let out a long sigh of relief. She faintly understood the fate between her and Luo Zheng.
The two of them were destined to go on a life of struggle, but compared to Luo Zheng, Luo Yan was still a little happier.
At least … she only needed to stand in one place, and quietly wait for her brother.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was fighting with blood and life. On this journey of fate, one wrong step would lead to eternal damnation.
"I'm sorry, I understand." Luo Yan's eyes were a little red, but she knew that she shouldn't blame her brother.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly: "I should be the one saying sorry. Brother is useless. If I had enough strength, not to mention that young man, even if it was the Heavens, I wouldn't listen!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Luo Yan suddenly smiled sweetly: "I believe! Brother will have this day in the end! "
At this time, Luo Yan's eyes were full of trust.
Because the time they were reunited was short, the brother and sister seemed to cherish it very much. After slowly turning back from the forest path, they reluctantly entered Xu Ling Hall.
After entering, Luo Zheng's eyes fell on the young man's face, and then he said coldly: "I can let you take Luo Yan away."
The young man smiled faintly: "You don't have the ability to refuse."
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly shot out a sharp light, and he stared fixedly at the other, "You're right, I don't have it now, but I will have it eventually. If anything happens to Yan, I won't let you go."
Luo Zheng didn't feel much hostility from the young man in front of him, and the force field that the young man used to take Luo Yan away was completely different, so Luo Zheng's words were relatively reserved.
Unexpectedly, the young man smiled faintly: "I'm looking forward to the day when you can fight with me."
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The gap between him and the young man was too big. He didn't know when that day would come, so it was meaningless to say more.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly thought of something. Others might not be able to solve this problem, but with the ability of the young man in front of him, he should have a way!
Ning Yudie's life force was exhausted, so it shouldn't be too difficult to restore her life force, right? It should be just a matter of raising a hand.
Luo Zheng had never been willing to open his mouth to ask others for help, but this matter was related to Ning Yudie, so he had to swallow his pride no matter what!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly said to the young man: "I have one more thing to ask."
"Speak," the young man said with a faint smile. His patience was indeed excellent.
Then, Luo Zheng told him about Ning Yudie.
"The wind of life and death, the law of karma, hehe," the young man said with a smile that deserved a beating, "I can indeed resolve this level of karma easily, but … I won't help you."
"Why?" Luo Zheng frowned and continued to ask.
"Because this is also your fate!" The young man said faintly: "I can't interfere too much. This is already against the rules. You have to work hard. As for Luo Yan, I'm taking her away!"
This is also my fate …
Luo Zheng lowered his head and pondered for a while. At this time, he felt a pair of cold little hands suddenly cover his neck. Luo Yan had kissed him on the face.
After understanding the fate of her brother and her brother, Luo Yan suddenly seemed to become sensible. Or rather, she had already understood her fate.
She knew that her brother had already spent too much energy and didn't want to bring any psychological burden to Luo Zheng, so she showed her positive side to Luo Zheng. She smiled and said: "Brother, you can do it!"
Looking at Luo Yan's confident smile, how could Luo Zheng not see through her thoughts? Although he was also depressed, he also smiled and nodded. Since Luo Yan wanted him to be happy, he had to be happy!
Just as the young man was about to leave with Luo Yan, Ao Xiang suddenly said: "Senior, can you help Xiao Yu unseal her six senses?"
Ao Xiang's lover's six senses were still sealed. This method of sealing six senses was very troublesome to unseal, and even had some risks. If the young man could unseal Xiao Yu, it would save them a lot of trouble. What's more, Xiao Yu could wake up a day earlier.
The young man didn't refuse Ao Xiang's request. He didn't want to interfere with Luo Zheng's fate. He didn't care about the others, so he waved his hand and unsealed Xiao Yu.
Seeing this scene, Ao Xiang was overjoyed and almost knelt down to the young man.
The young man didn't say anything. He grabbed Luo Yan's hand and smiled at Luo Zheng, then said: "Work hard, little guy. Don't let me down."
A moment later, Luo Yan and the young man disappeared from the hall of the Void Spirit Hall. The two disappeared in such a strange way. There was no spatial tunnel, no tearing of space, and not even a trace of the fluctuation of the Law of Space. It was even more unclear how the young man did it.
After the young man left, Luo Zheng still stood in the hall for a long time. Not far away, Ao Xiang was talking to his lover with a face full of joy.
As a god-grade genius, Ao Xiang's fate was also full of misfortune. Back then, he almost died at the hands of Si Miaoling at the Martial Arts Conference. Now, his wish was fulfilled and he was able to save his lover.
He had god-grade talent. In the future, he would be put in an important position by the World Business Alliance. Now that the hidden danger of the Tian Xie Sect had been removed, with his talent, it was very likely that he would become an important member of the World Business Alliance.
On this trip to the Void Spirit Sect, he saved his sister, but he still had to face separation. On the way back, Luo Zheng's mood was abnormally low.
The matter of the Tian Xie Sect had come to an end.
The sect war that had ravaged more than half of the Central Domain had also come to an end.
However, the crisis was actually not over. The threat from the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom was like a sharp sword hanging over everyone's head. Now, this sharp sword could fall at any time.
Before going to the Void Spirit Sect, Shi Kefan knew that Luo Zheng missed his sister, but it was not convenient to discuss this matter.
After returning to the World Business Alliance, Shi Kefan discussed this matter with Luo Zheng.
At that time, according to Luo Zheng's tone, he seemed to have a way to deal with it. However, Shi Kefan could not figure out how Luo Zheng would deal with the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom.
After learning about Shi Kefan's secret concerns, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Leader Shi, I naturally have a way to deal with this matter. The World Business Alliance's contacts are all over the Central Domain. Please help me look out for a miraculous person who can cure Ning Yudie."
Looking at Luo Zheng's confident expression, the three leaders were even more confused. Previously, he had spent so much effort fighting against Cui Xie. Now, he was going to face Divine Sea Realm experts, but he was still so confident. What was Luo Zheng up to?
Could it be that Luo Zheng still had the strength to fight against Divine Sea Realm experts?
That was impossible!
If that was the case, Luo Zheng would not have let Cui Xie use the Wind of Life and Death, which caused Ning Yudie to be in this state!
However, apart from this, what else could explain Luo Zheng's confidence?
The three leaders were puzzled. However, thinking that Luo Zheng had never let them down, maybe he really had a way?