Even so, Luo Zheng felt that there was little hope.
The World Business Alliance had originally gathered many famous doctors from the Central Domain. The famous doctor named Xue Xi had already clearly analyzed Ning Yudie's problem. Ning Yudie wasn't injured. She didn't have any illness, but her life force was exhausted. She was like a withered flower. How could they bring it back to life?
Even if there was little hope, Luo Zheng didn't give up.
Ning Yudie was also struggling to hold on. Luo Zheng didn't have any reason to give up.
Many warriors from the Cloud Hall had already returned to the Cloud Hall through the transmission array. Ning Yudie couldn't preside over the affairs of the Cloud Hall. Many elders agreed to recommend Luo Zheng to take charge of the Cloud Hall.
This suggestion was actually very suitable. After Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, he was now considered a person in the Central Domain. His strength was above all the warriors in the Central Domain. For the Cloud Hall to have such a person in charge, it was a great blessing for the Cloud Hall!
However, Luo Zheng refused.
He didn't want to take charge of the Cloud Hall. Now that the Tian Xie Sect had been destroyed, there were no forces in the Central Domain that could threaten the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance. Not to mention, he had other important matters to attend to.
However, it was impossible for the Cloud Hall to be without a leader. In the end, they needed a backbone.
In the end, Luo Zheng recommended Daoist Master Dameng.
On the day of the battle with Cui Xie, Daoist Master Dameng took a punch from Cui Xie. After recuperating for a few days, his injury was almost healed. Daoist Master Dameng had always been Ning Yudie's confidant. Therefore, he could rest assured that he would take charge of Luo Zheng.
After everyone from the Cloud Hall left, Luo Zheng stayed by Ning Yudie's side.
Ning Yudie was like a sleeping beauty. She was in a deep sleep and showed no signs of waking up.
Most of the time, Luo Zheng stayed by Ning Yudie's side to cultivate. The rest of the time, he just stared at Ning Yudie's face in a daze.
During this time, the World Business Alliance had already spread the news to the entire Central Domain!
The World Business Alliance's influence was very widespread. Even in remote areas, there were business alliance accounts. The entire Central Domain's true essence stone trade and circulation was completely controlled by them.
This news spread out, and within a few days, all the cities and teahouses in the Central Domain were discussing this matter …
"I heard that the reward is a low-grade saint artifact and a thousand top-grade True Origin Stones!"
"This reward is too terrifying. With these two items added together, I'm afraid it's even richer than an ordinary third-ranked faction!"
"The strength of a third-grade sect? Hehe, are you dreaming? Even a fourth-grade sect doesn't have a saint artifact. Spending so much just to save a woman? Is this woman worth so much? "
"What a joke, the Cloud Hall's Hall Master! A Life and Death Realm cultivator, this price shouldn't be too high, right? "
"My family has an ancestral pill recipe. It's said that it can bring the dead back to life and even extend one's lifespan by several decades. I want to try it …"
"Bah, don't take out your family's rubbish to show off, it's shameful! The World Business Alliance gathers alchemists from all over the world. Do you think your lousy alchemist will take a fancy to it? "
With the generous reward, all kinds of people flocked to the World Business Alliance. For a time, all kinds of "eccentrics" appeared and ran over to show off their treasures.
However, how many capable people were there in the World Business Alliance?
The vast majority of the so-called "eccentrics" were nothing more than charlatans. Even if they really had some miraculous pills and secret techniques, in the eyes of the World Business Alliance, they were nothing more than child's play. They were completely useless.
Of course, among these eccentrics, there was no lack of people with real ability. However, in the face of Ning Yudie's problem, they were still helpless and resentfully returned.
Half a month later, a beggar dressed in rags entered Heavenly Awakening City.
When the beggar entered the World Business Alliance's headquarters, he explained his purpose in coming to the entrance. He had a way to cure Ning Yudie.
During this time, all kinds of eccentrics came to give advice and offer treasures. They were like carps crossing the river, but not a single one was useful. When the people of the World Business Alliance saw this beggar, how could they show any kindness? Naturally, they waved their hands and drove him away.
However, this beggar didn't leave Heavenly Awakening City. Instead, he patiently inquired about Ning Yudie's residence.
This was really inquired by the beggar. The matter of Luo Zheng temporarily bringing Ning Yudie to Ning Yudie wasn't a secret. The World Business Alliance had specially allocated a palace to Luo Zheng.
After the beggar inquired about the location, he went to look for it. He found that there were guards at the entrance of the palace.
Helpless, he climbed over the wall and entered.
This beggar also had a cultivation base in the Xiantian realm. No matter how poor a cultivator was, it was impossible for them to be poor to this extent. Perhaps roaming around as a beggar was also a method of cultivation.
Not long after the beggar climbed into the palace, he was quickly discovered by other cultivators.
The palace was covered in runes, especially a kind of one-star rune. This rune didn't have any offensive properties, but when it was touched, it would erupt with a sharp cry. After the beggar trespassed, he naturally triggered these runes.
When the runes cried out, they immediately attracted a large number of guards!
Soon, the guards surrounded the beggar.
Luo Zheng was currently accompanying Ning Yudie in the palace. Ever since the World Business Alliance spread the news, there were probably tens of thousands of Eccentrics entering Heaven Awaken City. Although the World Business Alliance helped Luo Zheng screen and block 99% of the Eccentrics, there were still many people who entered the palace.
Every Eccentrics that entered the palace gave Luo Zheng a glimmer of hope, but in the end, it was an even greater disappointment.
However, Luo Zheng couldn't refuse. What if a blind cat bumped into a dead mouse? Luo Zheng didn't dare to take Ning Yudie's life as a joke. Even if the chances were small, he would still try.
"It's a pity that I disturbed your sweet dream," Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie with an apologetic smile. If he could really disturb Ning Yudie's sweet dream and wake her up, Luo Zheng was willing to give it a try. However, this was just Luo Zheng's own wishful thinking.
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly heard a clamor coming from the palace.
"En? What happened? "Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He didn't know who dared to intrude here.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and disappeared from the palace. Just as he left the palace, he heard a guard shout, "Intruding into the Heavenly Palace, you're courting death! Arrest this person and send him to prison to await trial! "
He saw a group of guards surrounding a beggar.
The beggar was only at the Xiantian realm. Suddenly being surrounded by so many guards, he stammered, "I, I came here to present a treasure to the Cloud Hall's Hall Master!"
"Present a treasure! You? What a joke! "A guard coldly said," Take him away! "
Seeing that there was no other way, the beggar took out a tattered sackcloth bag and took out an ancient jade. He immediately said, "This ancient jade was left behind by my family's Immortal. It can rejuvenate a person's vitality and restore a certain amount of life force. I heard that the Cloud Hall's Hall Master's life force has dried up. This ancient jade will definitely be useful!"
"Scram, scram, scram!" How could the guard listen to the beggar? Recently, there were too many people like this. Some "eccentrics" couldn't enter the World Business Alliance, so they came here to try their luck. Even these guards were tired of listening to this kind of talk.
However, most of the eccentrics lingered at the entrance of the Heavenly Palace. No one dared to sneak into the palace!
At first, Luo Zheng didn't care about this matter. He didn't intend to intervene. However, after seeing the ancient jade in the beggar's hand, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped.
The beggar was right. Luo Zheng did feel the life force in the ancient jade. Although he was holding an ancient jade in his hand, when Luo Zheng scanned it with his perception, he found that the ancient jade was like a living thing!
"Take him away! Put him in prison! See if he has any other intentions! "At this time, many guards had already grabbed the beggar and were ready to take him out of the palace.
At this time, Luo Zheng appeared in front of everyone and lightly said, "Wait!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng was alarmed, the guard leader's face revealed an embarrassed expression. He carefully apologized, "I'm sorry, Lord Luo Zheng, we …"
"It's none of your business," Luo Zheng waved his hand, but his eyes didn't leave the ancient jade in the beggar's hand. He then said to the beggar, "Take your ancient jade and follow me!"