Luo Zheng didn't know whether this ancient jade was useful or not. Desperate times call for desperate measures.
At least, Luo Zheng could feel the life force from this ancient jade. Whether it was useful to Ning Yudie or not, he had to try it to find out.
Ning Yudie's life force was originally very vigorous. However, because of the Wind of Life and Death, her life force was now in a state of near exhaustion. Luo Zheng didn't know how long the remaining life force could last Ning Yudie. If she could absorb the life force from this ancient jade, that would be the best news.
He led the beggar into the palace. Then, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand to the beggar and said coldly, "Give it to me!"
The beggar glanced at Luo Zheng and said, "If it's effective, the reward …"
"I won't give you less!" Luo Zheng replied indifferently.
Who knew that the beggar would shake his head and say, "I'm just a Xiantian warrior. Even if you give me the reward, I'm afraid I can't keep it. I want to join … the Cloud Hall or the World Business Alliance."
Luo Zheng coldly stared at the beggar and said, "If it's effective, I can help you. However, you have no room to bargain."
In the world of warriors, how could there be any consideration for feelings? Luo Zheng could directly snatch the jade from the beggar's hands. He could even kill the beggar to keep his mouth shut. Many warriors would do the same!
It was just that Luo Zheng wouldn't do that.
As a warrior from the Central Domain, the beggar certainly understood this. Since he chose to come and offer the treasure, he was prepared to gamble.
Therefore, he nodded and handed the ancient jade to Luo Zheng.
It was unknown whether this ancient jade was originally so warm or because of the life force, or because it had been on the beggar's body for a long time. When Luo Zheng touched it, it didn't have the cold feeling of ordinary ancient jade. Instead, it made him feel warm.
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. After picking up the ancient jade, he walked towards Ning Yudie. He was a bit hesitant. How could he inject the life force into Ning Yudie?
Seeing Luo Zheng's hesitation, the beggar said, "My ancestors said that this ancient jade can only be used if it is crushed. The life force inside will automatically dissipate."
More than one piece of ancient jade? Hearing the beggar's words, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He glanced at the beggar. This guy wasn't a fool. He probably didn't bring all the ancient jades.
"Let's see if it's useful." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng placed the ancient jade above Ning Yudie's head. Then, he gently pinched it with his fingers, causing a crack to appear on the surface of the ancient jade like a broken egg. At the same time, wisps of milky white light escaped from the crack.
"This is the life force!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He didn't know that this life force could be absorbed by Ning Yudie.
This life force was indeed very strange. After it dissipated, it actually drilled into Luo Zheng's hand. Seeing this, Luo Zheng felt as if he had been bitten by a scorpion. He quickly retracted his hand.
However, he was afraid that he would absorb the life force.
After Luo Zheng removed his hand, the life force hovered above Ning Yudie's head for a while. Then, it drilled into Ning Yudie's body!
"It worked?" Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched a little.
Then, Luo Zheng felt that Ning Yudie's aura seemed to have strengthened a little! Although it was only a little, Luo Zheng saw great hope. It was indeed useful!
This ancient jade could really replenish Ning Yudie's life force!
Luo Zheng suddenly turned his head. He stared at the beggar and asked, "Tell me, how many pieces of ancient jade do you have?"
"Many, many …" The beggar seemed to be a little nervous.
He did indeed have a lot of ancient jades. To be precise, he had seven pieces. This beggar's surname was Li, and his name was Li Hetai. His Li Family was also a third-grade aristocratic family. However, martial aristocratic families would eventually decline one day. His Li Family had declined three hundred years ago. After that, each generation was worse than the previous one. In his generation, his Li Family had directly collapsed.
However, these seven pieces of ancient jade had been preserved until today. They were the most precious treasures of his Li Family.
This time, the World Business Alliance announced to the world that Li Hetai had heard about the Cloud Hall's Hall Master's matter. In the announcement, life force was clearly stated. Li Hetai wanted to try his luck.
After all, according to his family's ancestral records, this ancient jade did indeed contain life force.
It seemed that it was indeed useful!
However, Li Hetai wasn't a fool. If he took them all in one go, he wouldn't be able to do anything if the World Business Alliance snatched them away.
Therefore, when he entered Tianqi City, he found several places and buried the remaining seven pieces of ancient jade in seven different places. However, Li Hetai didn't expect that Luo Zheng would see through his plan at a glance. At this time, he was a little flustered.
Seeing Li Hetai's hesitation, Luo Zheng was even more certain. He said in a stern voice, "How many pieces of ancient jade are left? Where are they?"
"I, I …" Li Hetai originally wanted Luo Zheng to swear on his Martial Heart that he would fulfill his promise if he took out the seven pieces of ancient jade. However, under Luo Zheng's stern voice, his tongue couldn't help but tremble. How could he speak?
This time, Luo Zheng was even more anxious. "I will definitely fulfill my promise! In the future, you will be a member of my Cloud Hall. The Cloud Hall will protect you. There will be no changes! "
Luo Zheng didn't want to dawdle with this guy. What he cared about the most was how many pieces of ancient jade this guy still had.
"Seven pieces. There are still seven pieces of ancient jade. I buried them outside Tianqi City!" Li Hetai quickly said.
Seven pieces …
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed disappointment. The amount was too little.
There was only a trace of life force in one piece of ancient jade. Seven pieces wasn't much. It couldn't replace the life force that Ning Yudie had lost.
However, Luo Zheng naturally wanted as much as there was. He grabbed Li Hetai's shoulder and said in a cold voice, "Take me there!"
After grabbing this person and flying out of Tianqi City, it only took an incense stick's worth of time. Under Li Hetai's guidance, Luo Zheng quickly dug out the seven pieces of ancient jade one by one. Then, he took Li Hetai back to the Tianchen Hall.
Then, Luo Zheng crushed the pieces of ancient jade one by one. A trace of life force was injected into them by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nervously looked at Ning Yudie. This life force was too little. Could it awaken Ning Yudie?
After waiting for a long time, Ning Yudie still didn't move. She was still like a sleeping child, lying there motionless.
Luo Zheng stood there in a daze for a long time. Then, he faintly sighed, "It's too little …"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Li Hetai suddenly became nervous. He also knew that his ancient jade didn't have any effect. However, he still asked, "You, you will fulfill your promise, right?"
"The World Business Alliance will pay you a thousand top-grade true essence stones." Luo Zheng lightly said, "However, this thing of yours didn't awaken Little Die. I can't give you a low-grade sacred tool."
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Li Hetai's face immediately lit up with joy!
A thousand top-grade true essence stones. Even if his Li Family was at its peak, they still wouldn't be able to escape. For any third-grade family, this was a large sum. Besides the third-grade families in the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, the third-grade families in the other cities didn't have much savings!
This sum of top-grade true essence stones was enough to make him a "nouveau riche" amongst martial artists! Li Hetai was only a Xiantian realm master. How could he dare to beg for a low-grade sacred tool? Even if that thing was given to him, it would only bring death upon him. Therefore, from the very beginning, Li Hetai had been aiming for a thousand top-grade true essence stones.
"However, you must tell me, where did this ancient jade come from?" Luo Zheng stared at Li Hetai and asked. This was the question that Luo Zheng was most concerned about.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng had seen many rare treasures of the Central Domain. However, this was the first time that Luo Zheng had seen this ancient jade that contained the power of life. If he could obtain some clues from Li Hetai, Luo Zheng would do everything in his power to find it.
"Speak." Luo Zheng stared at Li Hetai. "Give me some clues and the thousand top-grade true essence stones will be yours. You will also become an elite disciple of the Cloud Hall."
Now that the Tian Xie Sect and the Void Spirit Sect had been destroyed in the Central Domain, besides the World Business Alliance, the Cloud Hall was the largest sect in the Central Domain. Even when the Cloud Hall was only a fourth-grade force, all the martial artists in the Central Domain had scrambled to join, much less now.
Li Hetai was a Xiantian realm master with mediocre talent. In this lifetime, he had no hope of entering the Cloud Hall. However, now was his chance to change his destiny. How could Li Hetai hide anything?
(Sorry, it's late today. There will be four more updates before 12.)
＝＝＝＝＝