Li Hetai hurriedly nodded and said, "This, this ancient jade was left behind by my ancestor."
This guy in front of him was talking nonsense. Luo Zheng was also impatient and impatient.
"So I don't know where this ancient jade came from …" Li Hetai continued.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly filled with killing intent. He stared at Li Hetai and said coldly, "You tricked me!"
Shrouded by Luo Zheng's killing intent, Li Hetai was dumbfounded. His face was ghastly pale. His legs gave way and he actually knelt on the ground. "I don't dare. Please listen to me first!"
"Speak!" Luo Zheng stared at him coldly.
"This ancient jade was indeed left behind by my ancestor. However, our Li Family of the Western Desert saved a person 700 years ago. That person … was an expert from the four Divine Kingdoms!" Li Hetai hurriedly said, "Our Li Family was able to develop thanks to this expert from the Divine Kingdom! Although our ancestors didn't tell us the origin of this ancient jade, I guess that this ancient jade should have been left behind by that expert from the Divine Kingdom! "
"From the Divine Kingdom!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly twitched.
Li Hetai's guess was actually based on some evidence. This ancient jade contained such a miraculous life force. It had never been heard of in the Central Domain.
If this ancient jade was produced in the Central Domain, with the ability of the Central Domain, it would have been found long ago.
No matter what, now that Luo Zheng had found a clue, the life force in this ancient jade was far from enough to awaken Ning Yudie. Therefore, Luo Zheng had to go to the Divine Kingdom!
While Luo Zheng was thinking carefully, he saw Li Hetai looking at him eagerly. He naturally knew what this person was thinking, so he said to Li Hetai, "Follow me."
Li Hetai was delighted. He followed Luo Zheng and the two went straight to the World Business Alliance.
The atmosphere in the Merchant Union was still tense. Although Luo Zheng had promised that he could deal with the Divine Sea Realm warriors of the Yu Dynasty, Shi Kefan and the others were still preparing for this.
It was just that no matter how much the World Business Alliance thought about it, they couldn't think of a way to deal with it.
The Central Domain was not on the same level as the four Kingdoms. So far, the Central Domain had never given birth to a real Holy Land, while the four Kingdoms had a long history. Even the number of Spirit Sea Realm warriors was not small. They should be stronger than the Seagod Continent.
Cui Xie, who was only at the Life and Death Realm, almost destroyed the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall. It was all thanks to Luo Zheng alone that the situation was reversed. How could a powerful warrior at the Divine Sea Realm be mentioned?
There was a huge disagreement within the World Business Alliance on this matter.
Shi Kefan was inclined to trust Luo Zheng.
Although this kind of trust was somewhat blind, Shi Kefan believed that since Luo Zheng had agreed, he naturally had his own way to deal with it.
On the other hand, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, and some other elders were not willing to pin their hopes on Luo Zheng. Yan Yueshan believed that the target of the Yu Dynasty wasn't the Central Domain, but Luo Zheng!
The words of the Heartless Sweetheart's projection that day were clear. He seemed to know that Luo Zheng had a huge secret. It was this secret that attracted the warriors of the Yu Dynasty to the Central Domain.
Otherwise, why didn't the four Kingdoms show any interest in the "Tianbei Domain" after so many years?
Since it was Luo Zheng who caused this trouble, the World Business Alliance didn't need to share the burden with Luo Zheng.
It couldn't be said that Yan Yueshan and the others were burning bridges after crossing the river. People had the instinct to seek benefits and avoid harm. This time, Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, which was indeed a great favor to the World Business Alliance. However, that was another matter. When they felt that they couldn't defeat such a powerful opponent, they would inevitably choose a way to avoid it.
While many people were arguing, someone in the Conference Hall announced, "Luo Zheng requests an audience!"
Shi Kefan nodded and said, "Quickly, let him in!"
Luo Zheng led Li Hetai into the Conference Hall. When Shi Kefan saw the beggar behind Luo Zheng, he was slightly surprised. "Brother Luo Zheng, this is …" Now that Luo Zheng's strength was not weaker than anyone in the Central Domain, the three Alliance Masters and Luo Zheng addressed each other as equals.
"One thousand top-grade True Meta Stones. This money will be paid by the World Business Alliance," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Hearing this, the three fat men were shocked. The one thousand top-grade True Meta Stones were the reward for curing Ning Yudie's illness. Luo Zheng's words, could it be …
"He cured Ning Yudie?" Shi Kefan glanced at the ordinary-looking Li Hetai behind Luo Zheng and asked.
In the past few days, in addition to plotting against the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the most important thing for the World Business Alliance was to help Luo Zheng screen various eccentric people.
Eccentric people emerged one after another. Although most of these people were swindlers, in order to cure Ning Yudie, they would not let go of even the slightest hope!
There were many martial artists in the General Commerce League, but there were only a few hundred of them who could discern the situation. Many of the elders were extremely busy as well.
Unexpectedly, they could not find a way to cure Ning Yudie, but Luo Zheng found it himself?
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a smile, "Yes, and no."
"Brother Luo Zheng, what do you mean?" Yan Yueshan asked quickly.
When Luo Zheng saw the puzzled expression on everyone's faces, he told them about how Li Hetai had offered up the ancient jade. Only then did everyone's doubts were cleared.
"In that case, Brother Luo Zheng does not plan to go to the Divine Kingdom?" Shi Kefan guessed Luo Zheng's thoughts.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded without hesitation, "After dealing with those guys, I will go to the Divine Kingdom and look for this ancient jade!"
Deal with those guys …
Everyone's eyes flashed. This Luo Zheng was so arrogant! How could the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom be so easy to deal with?
But Luo Zheng had never let them down!
Why was Luo Zheng so confident?
Everyone looked at Luo Zheng in confusion.
Yan Yueshan had a hot temper and could not restrain himself, "Brother Luo Zheng! No matter what method you have, can you tell us first? "
"Yes, we are indeed curious. Does Brother Luo Zheng really have the strength to defeat a Divine Sea Realm expert?" Mo Haishan, who had always been a man of few words, asked.
Shi Kefan smiled faintly. In fact, his two brothers' doubts were reasonable. No matter how powerful Luo Zheng's trump card was, it was impossible for him to be a match for a Divine Sea Realm expert.
This was like a mystery that no one could figure out, and it was related to everyone's life and death. It would be unreasonable for Luo Zheng to keep silent!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and did not keep them in suspense. He said directly, "It's very simple! I don't have the strength to fight against a Divine Sea Realm expert, but since the Divine Kingdom of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom has sent a Divine Sea Realm expert, then we can also fight with a Divine Sea Realm expert! "
"What?" The faces of everyone in the meeting hall changed abruptly.
A Divine Sea Realm expert? Since when did the Central Domain have such a powerful expert?
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you kidding?" an Elder of the World Business Alliance said, shaking his head. He did not believe Luo Zheng's words at all.
"I'm not kidding," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Everyone looked at each other and felt that Luo Zheng's logic was completely wrong. Yan Yueshan was the first to question, "Since Brother Luo Zheng has the help of a Divine Sea Realm expert, why didn't you see him when you faced Cui Xie?"
Luo Zheng was almost killed by Cui Xie in the battle with the Tian Xie Sect. Ning Yudie was still in a coma because of Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He said loudly, "Because Cui Xie is someone I must kill! In order to stabilize my heart of martial arts, Cui Xie must be killed by me! This is my test, and also my first step to the whole world! "
Luo Zheng's words were powerful and resonant. An invisible majesty bloomed. This was Luo Zheng's domineering aura.
His domineering aura was completely different from that of Cui Xie. Cui Xie's domineering aura was very rude and unreasonable. He would not reason with anyone and would crush anyone who did not agree with him. However, Luo Zheng's domineering aura was very serious, to the extreme!
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would choose to fight with Cui Xie with his life in order to stabilize his heart of martial arts? He obviously had a better choice, but he chose the most difficult path at the risk of his life and pressed forward with indomitable will?
Everyone was silent for a long time.