Everyone looked at Luo Zheng.
Shi Kefan's question was also what everyone was most concerned about.
Since Luo Zheng said that we have the help of Divine Sea Realm experts, then where are they?
There were many hermits in the Central Domain.
There were some hermits who had never entered the world. The General Commerce Alliance knew quite a lot about some of these hermits. There were even two or three Life and Death Realm experts. It was just that these experts were not known to the public.
But there were absolutely no Divine Sea Realm experts!
Where was Luo Zheng going to find a Spirit Sea Realm warrior?
"Alliance Master Shi, I'll give you an answer in seven days. Please wait patiently," Luo Zheng said, cupping his hands.
Shi Kefan nodded. He trusted Luo Zheng the most. Besides, Luo Zheng had no reason to lie, because it wouldn't do him any good. Moreover, those experts of Yu the Great Divine Country were targeting Luo Zheng!
As for the others, they still didn't believe it. But seven days would pass quickly. At that time, they would be able to prove whether Luo Zheng was telling the truth or not!
Li Hetai followed Luo Zheng to get his reward. But after he followed Luo Zheng, he heard them talking about Divine Sea Realm experts. He suddenly felt dizzy.
But in this Conference Hall, almost all the people were False Tribulation Realm experts. He was just a Xiantian Realm expert. He would tremble in front of any of them. How could he interrupt?
Seeing that everyone had finished their discussion, he said in a low voice, "Well, my reward …"
Shi Kefan coldly glanced at Li Hetai. Then, he ordered someone to take Li Hetai away to get the top-grade True Meta Stones.
Li Hetai didn't dare to ask Luo Zheng about joining the Cloud Hall. But he was smart enough to understand the situation. Since Luo Zheng had agreed, he would go to the Cloud Hall and say Luo Zheng's name. The Cloud Hall wouldn't refuse him.
After Luo Zheng returned to the Heavenly Palace, he summoned Xun.
Smoky had been lurking in Luo Zheng's body, so she naturally understood why Luo Zheng summoned her.
When he had left the Sea God Continent, Liu Yu had connected a voice transmission talisman to Xun's king statue.
Xun's soul was too weak. He was unable to directly communicate with the Demon Night Clan's Sacred Land through the King Statue like the other Kings.
However, with the help of the special Sound Transmission Talisman and the King Statue, it was possible!
After Luo Zheng burned the Voice-transmitting Rune, Xun also closed her eyes. Her fine eyelashes quivered slightly as she soon entered a certain state …
Hundreds of thousands of miles away …
Crossing the boundless sea, the Sea God Continent, the Heavenly Feather Holy Grounds.
The Yao Ye clansmen of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land would pay their respects to the statue of the supreme king every day. This was something that they couldn't do in their entire lives.
To them, the King Statue was like a spiritual totem.
Liu Yu led the Yao Ye clansmen to kneel in front of the King Statue. Their faces were filled with sincerity. This kind of worship ceremony would last for the time it took three incense sticks to burn.
Today, during the worship ceremony, a voice transmission talisman suddenly burned on the third King Statue. This was the statue that controlled slaughter. Soon after, Xun's deep voice faintly rang out.
"Liu Yu," Xun said calmly. Although Xun appeared to be very clever and quick-witted in front of Luo Zheng, Xun was a supreme existence in front of the Yao Ye clansmen!
When they heard Xun's voice, all of the Yao Ye clansmen were shocked. Joy appeared on their faces.
"King!"
Liu Yu knelt on one knee and called out excitedly.
"I need all of you," Xun said calmly.
"Yes, King. Liu Yu will arrive today!" Liu Yu didn't hesitate at all. He didn't even think about it. All of the Yao Ye clansmen obeyed the King unconditionally.
However, Xun said coldly, "If you leave, what will happen to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land? What will happen to the Purple Heart Holy Land? "
The situation on the Sea God's Continent wasn't as stable as expected. If Liu Yu left the Sea God's Continent, the Twin Devil Holy Land would most likely become restless. That would be the best time for them to counterattack.
However, the Yao Ye clansmen viewed serving the King as the highest honor. In comparison, their Holy Land wasn't ranked first.
Xun naturally knew what Liu Yu was thinking. As such, she said calmly, "There's no need for you to come. Liu Yu, you have to guard the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. The Heavenly Feather Holy Land and the Purple Heart Holy Land can each send a few Divine Sea Realm experts."
A trace of disappointment appeared in Liu Yu's eyes.
However, how could he disobey the King's orders? He could only acquiesce.
Then, Xun gave instructions on how to get to Heavenly Awakening City through the teleportation formation.
After that, Liu Yu suddenly stood up. With his back to the three King Statues, he glanced at the Yao Ye clansmen and said calmly, "Who is willing to use the teleportation formation to go to the Central Domain and serve the King?"
Serving Xun was the highest honor for Liu Yu. How could it not be the same for the other Yao Ye clansmen?
"Liu Yu! I'm willing to go! "The one who spoke was another Divine Sea Realm expert of the Yao Ye clan.
"I'm willing as well," another woman in black said.
"Liu Yu, give me a chance!"
"Liu Yu …"
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had the most Divine Sea Realm experts out of all the Holy Lands on the Sea God's Continent.
For example, the Purple Heart Holy Land only had three Divine Sea Realm experts. The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had seven, and Liu Yu was one of the top Divine Sea Realm experts!
Now that Liu Yu had spoken, all of the Divine Sea Realm experts were willing to go!
Apart from the six Divine Sea Realm experts, many Life and Death Realm experts also wanted to go …
Life and Death Realm experts were the top experts in the Central Domain. However, there were many of them in the Sea God's Continent.
Liu Yu thought for a moment. Xun didn't want Liu Yu to leave the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, but she didn't limit the number of people. Since the Battle-Saints of the Holy Land were willing to go, she had no reason to stop them.
Liu Yu nodded. "Apart from you, the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land will go as well …"
The Holy Land's efficiency was extremely high. In just a day's time, a huge group of people had set off for the Heavenly Eagle Grassland!
The Twin Devil Holy Land naturally received news of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land and Purple Heart Holy Land's movements. However, with Liu Yu present, the Twin Devil Holy Land didn't dare to act rashly. However, once Liu Yu left, things would be different. Although the Twin Devil Holy Land couldn't fight against the Battle-Saints who broke through in the Sin Tower, they could directly attack the Holy Land. Those old monsters of the Demon Race wouldn't stay put.
This was also why Xun refused Liu Yu.
Three days later, in the skies above the Chaotic Astral Sea to the east of the Central Domain, a massive spatial storm suddenly appeared!
Following this, a massive transmission array appeared in the skies.
Pipa pipa …
Such a massive spatial storm was enough to crush an ordinary martial artist to pieces!
However, a group of over a hundred people appeared in the middle of this spatial storm. These people seemed to completely disregard the spatial storm, as if they had forcefully rushed out!
This group of over a hundred people was led by nine Divine Sea Realm powerhouses. The rest were all Battle-Saints.
"This is the Central Domain? Luo Zheng's hometown? "Situ Haotian looked down at the distant coastline of the continent, his heart filled with emotion.
Before Luo Zheng came to the Sea God Continent, the humans of the Purple Heart Holy Land were like orphans. Who would have thought that the continent Luo Zheng came from would be completely dominated by humans?
"Let's go." A Divine Sea Realm powerhouse from the Fiend Night Clan glanced over indifferently. She didn't feel as emotional as Situ Haotian. The only thing that drove the Fiend Night Clan was Xun, their king.
Thus, these hundreds of cultivators rushed forward in a mighty manner.
"Sect, Sect Master, something bad has happened!" In the easternmost part of the Central Domain, in the Fish Dragon Sect, a sharp cry suddenly rang out.
"What are you panicking for?" Sect Master Xiao's face darkened. He sternly shouted at the person who had shouted, "We cultivate the heart of martial arts. The most important thing is our temperament. You will never be able to handle anything if you panic like this!"
This Sect Master Xiao was quite shrewd!