"But, but …" The messenger stammered.
"You can't even speak properly. What a piece of trash!" The messenger was one of Sect Master Xiao's favored subordinates. He was usually calm, but today, he was panicking. Sect Master Xiao was furious and stood up to reprimand him.
However, Sect Master Xiao knew that something was wrong. He asked, "What happened?"
"Outside, there are many people outside. Many martial artists," the man stammered.
"Many warriors? How strong are they? "Sect Master Xiao asked again.
"I don't know. Sect Master, you should go out personally …" The messenger suggested.
Sect Master Xiao coldly snorted. He was even more confused. What kind of warriors could scare him like this?
Sect Master Xiao then walked out of his residence and looked up. He saw over a hundred people floating in the sky above him …
"What level of strength …" Sect Master Xiao checked for a moment and inhaled a breath of cold air. This breath of cold air caused him to cough violently.
"Cough, cough, cough …"
Sect Master Xiao was a middle stage False Tribulation Realm warrior, but when he saw the scene in the sky, he couldn't help coughing. His body didn't seem to listen to him.
"Life and Death Realm warriors …"
"Life and Death Realm warriors …"
"There are hundreds of Life and Death Realm warriors, right?"
"No, the ones in the front aren't Life and Death Realm warriors. They are much stronger than Life and Death Realm warriors! Could they be the legendary Divine Sea Realm warriors? " After Sect Master Xiao finally finished coughing, his eyes widened like copper bells. His gaze was filled with disbelief.
Oh my god …
After his mind went blank for a moment, Sect Master Xiao's brain began to work quickly.
These warriors definitely didn't come from the Central Domain. There was only one possibility. They came from the four Divine Nations on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
The news of the Tian Xie Sect joining forces with the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall in Tian Qi City had spread throughout the Central Domain.
The news of Yu Da Divine Nation invading the Central Domain had also spread.
However, Sect Master Xiao wasn't in a hurry. He was just a third-grade sect. Even if the Da Yu Divine Nation really occupied the Central Domain, he could just choose to submit.
When the Tian Xie Sect was wreaking havoc, the Fish Dragon Sect didn't have the slightest intention of resisting. Instead, they became a member of the Tian Xie Sect. Even he himself said that he wanted to join the Kingdom of Evil Deities and become a member of the Divine Kingdom.
When the Tian Xie Sect attacked Tian Qi City, Sect Master Xiao used sect affairs as an excuse and did not participate.
Cui Xie did not take his third-grade force seriously at all.
After the Tian Xie Sect was destroyed, the Fish Dragon Sect was not affected at all.
It was because of this that the Fish Dragon Sect was safe and sound. Therefore, this time, when the Yu Dynasty attacked, he did not panic.
However, he was still surprised by the strength of the four Divine Kingdoms. How could the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom send out more than 10 Divine Sea Realm warriors to battle so casually? How terrifying was the background of the four Divine Kingdoms?
Luo Zheng was probably going to be miserable. Last time, the World Business Alliance and the Cloud Hall escaped a disaster. This time, they might not be able to escape!
Sect Master Xiao had already determined their fate.
In the sky, hundreds of people stood there. Situ Haotian looked at the many humans below and smiled faintly. "Let me go and ask for directions! After all, they are of the same race as us! "
After that, Situ Haotian flew towards the bottom of the Fish Dragon Sect.
The Fish Dragon Sect also had its own Sect Protection Array. However, in the face of a Divine Sea Realm warrior, how could they resist?
Situ Haotian flew towards Sect Master Xiao casually and then asked lightly, "You, tell me, which direction is Tian Qi City?"
Sect Master Xiao's face was immediately filled with smiles. Sure enough, his guess was right. These fellows came from the four Divine Kingdoms and were heading towards Tian Qi City. He hurriedly said, "Tian Qi City is southwest!"
After he finished speaking, Sect Master Xiao's hand moved as fast as lightning as he took out a map from his spatial ring. This map was Sect Master Xiao's personal map. The map was very detailed, and the names of various places were even drawn with golden lines.
"Sir, this is a map of my Central Domain. If you follow the markings, you will be able to find Tian Qi City!" Sect Master Xiao said with a smile.
"Mm." How could Situ Haotian be polite to a War Reverend? Moreover, this fellow in front of him was only a fifth-order War Reverend. How could he enter his eyes? After putting away the map, Situ Haotian didn't even bother to say another word. He casually threw down an object and flew towards the sky.
The hundreds of people immediately turned into streaks of light and flew towards the southwest.
After the hundreds of people left, Sect Master Xiao immediately felt much more relaxed. The aura of the hundreds of experts was like a huge mountain, almost causing Sect Master Xiao to be unable to breathe.
After making sure that they were far away, Sect Master Xiao finally had the mood to look at the object. When he saw the ordinary-looking dagger, his eyes began to shine with a fierce light. Even his voice began to tremble as he said, "This, this, this … this is a Saint, Saint artifact!"
Hearing the Sect Master speak like this, the martial artist that informed him revealed an indignant expression. The Sect Master had even lectured him before. Didn't one have to pay attention to one's temperament when cultivating martial arts? If the Sect Master was so excited, how good could his temperament be …
However, he didn't dare to voice this thought out loud. He could only stare blankly at the ecstatic Sect Master.
Among these martial artists, the weakest was a Life and Death powerhouse. With over a hundred people flying together, just how fast was their speed?
However, with over a hundred streaks of light moving at high speeds, it caused a great stir in the Central Domain. There were even some martial artists that thought that a heavenly phenomenon was descending from the heavens and that some strange treasure was being born.
A day later, the hundreds of people finally arrived at Apocalypse City.
On top of Apocalypse City's huge city walls, countless craftsmen were working day and night to repair them. In the previous battle, the city walls had been completely destroyed. Repairing them like this was a huge project.
"Look, what's that!" On top of the city walls, a craftsman suddenly discovered that over a hundred streaks of light were shooting towards them from the horizon. At a glance, it was as if over a hundred meteors were falling towards them.
Hearing the craftsman's words, many martial artists raised their heads and looked towards the horizon.
When a city guard saw this scene, his expression changed. His figure flickered and he rushed towards the city gate tower. There was a large bell on top of the city gate tower. After the guard went up, he began to rapidly ring the bell!
This large bell was used as an alarm. Under the ringing of the bell, the other bells also began to ring. As the bells passed down one after another, the entire Apocalypse City was filled with alarm bells.
"What's going on?"
"It can't be those powerhouses from Scandinavia, right? So fast! "
"How should my Apocalypse City deal with them this time?"
All the martial artists in Apocalypse City were in a panic.
A Divine Core warrior stood on top of the city wall and looked at those martial artists in the sky. In the end, he murmured, "Over a hundred Life and Death warriors, what do we have to deal with them?! How are we going to deal with them?!"
Right when the alarm bells were ringing, the three Alliance Chiefs of the World Business Alliance, and over twenty Void Tribulation Elders flew out from Apocalypse City. They gathered together and stared at those mighty warriors in the distance. Their expressions were extremely unsightly.
Although Luo Zheng did say that he could ask for help from a Divine Sea warrior, it was still a fact.
But, Shi Kefan and the others had a preconceived notion, and they felt that it would be great if Luo Zheng could ask one or two Divine Sea warriors to help him.
After all, how much would it cost to ask for help from a Divine Sea warrior?
No matter what, just like what Luo Zheng had said, with a Divine Sea warrior in Apocalypse City, they would have more hope in dealing with Yu Da Divine Nation.
After all, Yu Da Divine Nation wouldn't send too many Divine Sea warriors to the Central Domain. Although the overall strength of the Divine Nation was much stronger than the Central Domain, Divine Sea warriors weren't as common as cabbages. They wouldn't send all their mighty warriors just to deal with a tiny Central Domain.
But, the Divine Sea warrior that Luo Zheng mentioned didn't come, but the mighty warriors from the Divine Nation did.
"Nine Divine Sea warriors, ninety Life and Death warriors, hehe …" Shi Kefan said with a bitter expression, "It doesn't matter whether the reinforcements Luo Zheng is waiting for are here or not …"
＝＝＝＝＝