In the Central Domain, any one of these super warriors would be an overlord!
Life and Death Realm warriors were equivalent to Battle-Saints on the Deep Sea Continent.
For example, Ning Yudie had just broken through the Life and Death Realm, so she was equivalent to a Battle-Saint.
Regardless of whether they were Life and Death Realm warriors or Battle-Saints, they all had to go through the Life and Death Realm, which was also known as the minor Heavenly Tribulation.
The minor Heavenly Tribulation was not only a life and death tribulation for warriors, but also a test.
After entering the Life and Death Realm, one could reach the Divine Sea Realm after going through several minor Heavenly Tribulations. The number of tribulations varied for every warrior, but to reach the Divine Sea Realm, one had to go through at least five or six minor Heavenly Tribulations.
Moreover, the higher the talent of a warrior, the more minor Heavenly Tribulations he had to go through, and the more powerful he would be after entering the Divine Sea Realm!
Therefore, the number of minor Heavenly Tribulations was also a measure of a warrior's future.
There were many Battle-Saints on the Sea God Continent, and this group of Battle-Saints was the elite among them. They were only one step away from reaching the Divine Sea Realm! Therefore, they were basically sixth or even seventh level Battle-Saints.
These Battle-Saints had already gone through six or even seven Life and Death Realms.
Any one of them was much more powerful than Cui Xie, who had gone through four Life and Death Realms!
In other words, any one of them could sweep through the Central Domain!
However, there were more than a hundred of such terrifying existences!
How frightened were the warriors of the World Business Alliance when they saw this scene?
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and Mo Haishan suddenly felt their scalps go numb and their backs turn cold. Last time, when they faced the Tian Xie Sect, they still had the courage to fight, but now, facing these super warriors, they didn't even have the courage to resist!
The difference in strength was too great, and any resistance was futile.
Even so, Shi Kefan still braced himself and flew forward, bowing to the many super warriors. "I am the leader of the World Business Alliance. Greetings to all the warriors from the Divine Nation!"
The leader, Situ Haotian, glanced at the fat man in front of him and asked, "Where is Luo Zheng?"
Although Shi Kefan's strength was good, that was only in comparison to the powerhouses of the Central Domain. In Situ Haotian's eyes, he was nothing more than a peak War Reverend. For a martial artist like Shi Kefan, the only use he had on the Sea God Continent was to fight for a seat at the top of the Sin Tower.
Furthermore, Situ Haotian silently evaluated Shi Kefan's strength in his heart. Even among the Peak War Reverends, this person's strength was considered to be at the bottom. He was probably inferior to Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuohe, much less the Peak War Reverends of the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Clan.
Hearing this mighty figure in the Spirit Sea Realm ask about Luo Zheng, Shi Kefan hesitated. To be honest, as the leader of the Business Alliance, he should give Luo Zheng away without any hesitation. For the survival of the World Business Alliance, this was the right thing for him to do. He should draw a clear line between the Business Alliance and Luo Zheng.
These powerhouses of the Divine Kingdom shouldn't be interested in a mere Business Alliance.
However, Luo Zheng had made great contributions to the World Business Alliance. Although Shi Kefan flaunted himself as a businessman, it was difficult for him to sell out Luo Zheng like this.
However, as the leader of the Business Alliance, he couldn't let down the World Business Alliance!
"Big Brother!"
Yan Yueshan roared at Shi Kefan.
How could they not see why Shi Kefan was hesitating?
In Yan Yueshan's opinion, these powerhouses weren't people they could resist. Even if they wanted to protect Luo Zheng, it would be like throwing an egg against a rock!
Shi Kefan sighed inwardly. He thought, "Forget it, forget it. Luo Zheng probably won't blame me. Besides, Luo Zheng was originally in Tianqi City. Even if he wanted to escape now, it would be impossible …"
However, before Shi Kefan could speak, a beam of light shot out from Tianqi City. This newcomer was Luo Zheng.
The many Elders of the World Business Alliance and the three fat Alliance Masters turned their heads to look. As they saw Luo Zheng's calm and composed appearance, they all revealed astonished expressions.
How could this fellow be so indifferent? It was as if he didn't place these hundreds of Divine Kingdom powerhouses in his eyes at all!
Did Luo Zheng really have a way to deal with them?
It wasn't just the upper echelons of the World Business Alliance that were astonished. In Tianqi City, countless Business Alliance Deacons and martial artists were secretly observing the situation in the sky. Every martial artist's face was covered in a layer of frost. Seeing this scene, even a blind man would know that Tianqi City was in grave danger!
Under the watchful eyes of everyone present, Luo Zheng floated in front of Situ Haotian. He faintly smiled and said, "The last time we parted at the Heavenly Eagle Prairie, I thought that it would take forever, but I never imagined that I would be able to summon all of you to help me. Luo Zheng is deeply ashamed!"
Situ Haotian faintly smiled. "Young Hero Luo Zheng's words are too exaggerated. The environment that you have created for our Human Race will likely be blessed for generations to come. Such a trivial matter is not worth mentioning."
Luo Zheng had single-handedly reversed the situation in the Tower of Sin. This had a profound and profound impact on the Purple Heart Holy Land. As long as the Human Race was given enough time, they would surely become one of the greatest clans of the Sea God Continent in the future. How could the Purple Heart Holy Land not be grateful to Luo Zheng?
It was also for this reason that Situ Haotian had personally come here.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. Specks of red light scattered from his body. These specks of light intertwined and condensed into a slender figure. It was Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, Xun.
The moment Xun appeared, the six Divine Sea Realm experts and dozens of Life and Death Realm experts of the Fiend Night Clan all knelt on one knee. They faced Xun and said in unison, "Greetings, King!"
Dozens of Life and Death Realm experts and several Divine Sea Realm experts were respectfully paying their respects … to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit?
In Heavenly Awakening City, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, many Elders, and countless Merchant Union cultivators were all dumbfounded. For a moment, they couldn't wrap their heads around what was happening …
This scene had completely overturned their worldview …
What the hell is going on?
These people didn't seem to be experts of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
Were these people the reinforcements that Luo Zheng had mentioned?
It was fine if they were reinforcements, but why were they so respectful to Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit? Was there a need to be so respectful?
There was no Divine Kingdom in the Central Domain. As for the cultivators, strength was the only thing that mattered.
Even Cui Xie didn't have the qualifications to make others kneel and pay respect to him.
After all, they were all cultivators. No one was willing to submit to another. Cui Xie was indeed powerful, but he wasn't powerful to that extent!
Making a group of False Tribulation Realm cultivators kneel and pay respect to Cui Xie? No way, not to mention the other Life and Death Realm experts …
Only after establishing a Divine Kingdom and establishing a monarch system would it be possible to make all the cultivators in the Central Domain submit to him. However, this would take a long time to consolidate the imperial power and make all the cultivators in the Central Domain recognize him as their monarch. He was someone who was qualified to be called an emperor …
Even so, a truly powerful expert still wouldn't be so courteous to you.
However, these Divine Ocean Realm experts were truly kneeling in front of Xun. The sincerity on their faces came from the bottom of their hearts. It wasn't an act!
Shi Kefan was speechless. If he could speak, he really wanted to shout, "Oh heavens, oh heavens, can someone tell me what is going on?"
Even if they racked their brains, they wouldn't be able to figure out that the Sword Spirit beside Luo Zheng was the king of the Demon Night Clan. He was the spiritual symbol of the Demon Night Clan. In the upper world, not to mention the Divine Ocean Realm experts, even the Realm Lords who were much stronger than Xun had to pay respect to him. In their eyes, this was something that couldn't be more normal!
Xun glanced at the Spirit Sea Realm warriors and said softly, "No need for formalities."
Only then did the Yao Ye clan experts straighten their backs and respectfully retreat to the side.
Shi Kefan hesitantly floated over to Luo Zheng's side and asked in a trembling voice, "Brother Luo Zheng, what, what is going on?"
Situ Haotian had addressed Luo Zheng as Young Hero Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng and Situ Haotian had addressed each other as equals. Shi Kefan suddenly felt that calling him "Brother Luo Zheng" was a bit overboard.
However, Luo Zheng was only 20 years old. Was Shi Kefan supposed to call him "Lord Luo Zheng"? That didn't seem right. Even Cui Xie wasn't worthy of Shi Kefan calling him that!
Shi Kefan was really conflicted.