How could Luo Zheng know that Shi Kefan was so entangled in his heart?
However, when he saw Shi Kefan's stuttering appearance, Luo Zheng knew that Shi Kefan was shocked by Situ Haotian and the others.
So, Luo Zheng comforted him, "Alliance Master Shi, don't worry. These people are friends that we have made in the past two years."
"Friends …"
Shi Kefan was indeed not worried. Not only was he not worried, but he was also overjoyed. With such a group of people, what was the Great Yu Divine Country?
But where had Luo Zheng been in the past two years? How could he have made such a group of "friends"?
How much face did he have to have to invite such a group of friends?
Yan Yueshan had always been impatient. He couldn't wait to grab Luo Zheng and ask Luo Zheng to tell him the whole story. However, with over a hundred powerhouses present, how could Yan Yueshan dare to speak?
As for Mo Haishan, he was a man of few words. His white and chubby face didn't have much expression. Now, he looked the most normal, but the degree of shock in his heart was no less than anyone else's.
"Friends, good, good friends!" Shi Kefan froze for a moment. Then, with a smile on his face, he said, "Since you are Luo Zheng's friends, the World Business Alliance will host a banquet to entertain you! Quickly, please enter Heavenly Awakening City! "
At this time, how could Shi Kefan dare to show the slightest neglect?
However, when Shi Kefan spoke, Situ Haotian and the others didn't have any expression on their faces. They didn't even smile politely.
Shi Kefan might be a famous figure in the Central Territory, and as the Alliance Master of the Merchant Union, his influence wasn't small. However, in the eyes of Situ Haotian, Shi Kefan was nothing more than a minor character that wasn't worth mentioning.
These hundreds of powerhouses of the Sea God Continent only wanted to give face to Luo Zheng and Xun.
Seeing their indifferent appearance, Shi Kefan scratched his head awkwardly. He didn't know what to say. He could only look at Luo Zheng with pleading eyes.
Luo Zheng didn't want to embarrass Shi Kefan too much, so he faintly smiled and said to Situ Haotian, "Senior Haotian, since you've come from afar, I, Luo Zheng, naturally have to entertain you well. Please come into the city for a chat."
Situ Haotian nodded. Many powerhouses followed Luo Zheng and flew towards Heavenly Awakening City.
In a dazzling hall in Heavenly Awakening City, over a hundred wide tables were arranged in a row. All kinds of beautiful women were shuttling back and forth, and exquisite dishes were hurriedly served.
How could the General Commerce League treat these experts with the slightest neglect? It could be said that this was the highest standard of reception in the history of the business league!
All kinds of exquisite food were served up like flowing water.
Most of these ingredients were treasures from the Merchant Union's warehouse. Some of them were the most precious parts of Level Seven and even Level Eight demonic beasts.
Heavenly Awakening City was filled with talented people. Not only were there alchemists and weapon refiners, but even the chefs were the best in the entire Central Domain. The quality of the dishes they produced was naturally top-notch.
However, a scene that made Shi Kefan and the others' jaws drop suddenly appeared.
Many of the Central Domain's martial artists didn't expect that these powerhouses' table manners would be so unsightly. On one side, they were praising all kinds of dishes, while on the other, they were gulping down huge amounts of food.
Shi Kefan didn't feel distressed. The World Business Alliance's wealth far surpassed any sect. How could they eat so much?
However, Shi Kefan could never have imagined that these powerful warriors of the Life and Death Realm and Spirit Sea Realm would be like farmers entering a city when they saw these dishes. It was as if they had never tasted such delicious food in their lives, which indeed confused them.
While Shi Kefan couldn't figure it out, Luo Zheng was very clear about the reason.
Situ Haotian looked down on the strength of the Central Domain's martial artists. In the Central Domain, it was already extremely difficult for a Life and Death powerhouse to be born. But in the Sea God Continent, Life and Death powerhouses were only Battle Saints. They couldn't even stand on their own. The two continents were simply not on the same level of strength.
However, the entire Sea God Continent had always been in chaos. More than a dozen Holy Lands attacked each other, and all kinds of conflicts erupted around the Tower of Sin. Every race faced the crisis of survival.
In such an environment, whether it was the Purple Heart Holy Land or other Holy Lands, the first priority was to develop martial skills and cultivate powerhouses. How could there be a culture of eating and drinking? For martial artists, as long as the food wasn't disgusting, it was fine. Even if it was disgusting, they had to force it down in order to survive.
In fact, apart from having many powerhouses, the Sea God Continent was far inferior to the Central Domain in other aspects, such as literature, music, and so on. Their first priority was survival and strength!
Compared to the Central Domain, the Sea God Continent was much luckier. The other races had no space to develop. After the Human Race occupied the Central Domain, at least there was no survival crisis. If there was, it would only be disputes between humans. Therefore, a rich and colorful culture could be born in the long river of history.
As the saying went, if one ate someone's food, one's mouth would be soft. As the powerhouses of the Sea God Continent ate happily, the atmosphere also became lively. Situ Haotian and Shi Kefan chatted and laughed, learning about the situation and development of the Human Race in the Central Domain.
Shi Kefan was also a good talker. Naturally, he answered all of Situ Haotian's questions.
After eating and drinking, another few hundred beauties wearing long dresses entered the hall. Along with the sounds of various instruments, the group of beauties also began to dance gracefully …
On this night, the people of the Commercial Union were extremely busy. In order to entertain these powerhouses, the Commercial Union had to exert all of their strength.
Although Luo Zheng sat in the seat of honor, he still had a smile on his face. His mood wasn't too high.
The one he was most concerned about was Ning Yudie. Although there were maids taking care of her, she was still lying quietly on the bed, unable to move.
After dealing with the powerhouses of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, he had to personally go to the four Divine Kingdoms to investigate the origin of the ancient jade. But before that, Luo Zheng first asked Situ Haotian and the others to help him. He wanted to see if they had a way to treat Ning Yudie.
A night of music and music.
For people with their cultivation, even if they didn't sleep for several months, their spirit would still be full.
In the Heavenly Palace Hall, after Situ Haotian reached out to take Ning Yudie's pulse, he shook his head and came to a similar conclusion. "This woman isn't seriously ill. It's just that her life force has been completely exhausted. If we want to treat her, we must find something to replenish her life force."
"Does such a thing exist on the Sea God Continent?" Luo Zheng eagerly asked.
Situ Haotian shook his head, "I haven't seen it on the continent, so I don't dare to say whether it exists in the Mysterious Underworld Cave. However, if such a thing exists in the Mysterious Underworld Cave in the future, my Purple Heart Holy Land will send someone to deliver it."
Luo Zheng reluctantly smiled. Although he believed that Situ Haotian would do as he said, Luo Zheng didn't know whether or not the Mysterious Underworld Cave really had such a treasure. He couldn't wait for too long.
After all, a person's life force was constantly being consumed. Although he had used Li Hetai's ancient jade to replenish Ning Yudie's life force, it was just a drop in the bucket. Who knew how long Ning Yudie could last?
It seemed that Luo Zheng still had to go to the four Divine Kingdoms to find clues about the ancient jade.
After these hundreds of powerhouses settled down in Tianqi City, Luo Zheng eagerly looked forward to the arrival of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom's Master Heartless in the Central Domain.
Only after solving this problem could Luo Zheng set off.
But after waiting for nearly a month, there was still no trace of the Master Heartless. Luo Zheng became somewhat anxious. He even regretted smashing the Bagua Mirror. Otherwise, he could have used the Bagua Mirror to provoke the Master Heartless, allowing him to cross the Chaotic Astral Ocean faster.
Luo Zheng waited anxiously, but Situ Haotian and the others weren't.
The Central Domain might not be suitable for cultivation, but it was very suitable for living. During their time in Tianqi City, their days were very leisurely. They also fully appreciated the Central Domain's delicious food and customs. After all, they were all from the Human Race, but their tastes and aesthetics were basically the same.
As for the powerhouses of the Demon Night Clan, they were even less anxious. Being able to accompany their King was their greatest honor. They were afraid that the smell would drive them away!
Just after Situ Haotian led the hundreds of powerhouses to the Central Domain 33 Heavens …
In the skies above the Chaotic Astral Ocean, six streaks of light were rapidly advancing.
Crossing the Chaotic Astral Ocean wasn't an easy task. Even after the Astral Ocean Storm stopped, they still had to face the endless Vicious Beasts of the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
Among them, there were some level 10 and even level 11 Vicious Beasts whose strength was comparable to Divine Sea Realm powerhouses!