Among the six escape lights, two were in the Divine Sea Realm, while the other four were in the Life and Death Realm.
Just as the warriors in the Central Domain had guessed, the four Divine Kingdoms did not take the Central Domain seriously.
In the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Divine Kingdoms were the center of the Great Thousand World. The opposite side of the ocean was almost a barren land.
As for the "North Heaven Territory", many warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms had gone there in the Middle Ages and Ancient Antiquity. However, there were no opportunities in that desolate place. Therefore, few warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms were willing to risk their lives to enter the North Heaven Territory, let alone pay a huge price to conquer the North Heaven Territory.
Therefore, since ancient times, the warriors who came to the Tianbei Domain were those who had offended the Divine Kingdoms and chose to flee. In desperation, they could choose to live in seclusion in the Central Domain.
But it was different this time.
Because of the Saintess's order, the Heartless Sage had to flatten the so-called "Cloud Hall", a small fourth-grade Sect …
Previously, the Heartless Sage did not understand why the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great would be angry with a small Sect in the Tianbei Domain, which was tens of thousands of miles away.
Later, the Heartless Sage understood that the guy named Luo Zheng had offended the Saintess.
If it was only for this reason, the Heartless Sage would not have come in person. As a Divine Sea Realm expert, he did not directly take orders from the Saintess.
The reason he came to the Tianbei Domain was naturally because of the secret in Luo Zheng's mind!
The moment the Heartless Sage's soul was devoured, he saw clearly what was in Luo Zheng's mind. It was a great temptation!
Every time he thought of this, the Heartless Sage could not suppress his excitement. If he took this secret for himself, his future would be bright. Even the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great would be trampled underfoot by him.
The four Divine Kingdoms were too far away from the Tianbei Domain, and they had to avoid some important places on the way. They tried not to provoke the powerful Fierce Beasts in the sea.
Several days later, the six warriors of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great finally appeared in the east of the Tianbei Domain.
"Heartless, there seems to be a small sect there. Let's … go and have a look." Another powerful warrior in the Divine Sea Realm who came with Heartless Monk was called Star Sword Venerable Master. He was a close friend of Heartless Monk. This time, he came with Heartless Monk because of Heartless Monk's invitation.
In the eyes of the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the trip to Tianbei Region was not dangerous at all. A place where even the Life and Death Realm warriors could dominate, they only needed to close their eyes and crush it. In comparison, the Chaotic Astral Ocean was much more dangerous than Tianbei Region.
The small sect that Master Xingjian had mentioned was naturally the Fish Dragon Sect, a third grade sect located in the easternmost lands.
Heartless Monk sneered and suddenly rushed into the Fish Dragon Sect. His strong body directly stepped on the open space of the main hall of the Fish Dragon Sect.
"Bang!"
Heartless Monk looked like a child on the surface, but in fact, he was an old monster who had lived for thousands of years. He was a veritable giant. As he stomped down, the open space in front of the main hall of the Fish Dragon Sect suddenly cracked with him as the center. Countless cracks appeared on the ground within a radius of a hundred acres!
"Who is it? Who broke into the Fish Dragon Sect!"
Sect Master Xiao of the Fish Dragon Sect was furious.
When Sect Master Xiao rushed out of the hall and glanced around, the angry expression on his face suddenly disappeared, and an extremely polite smile appeared on his face …
But Sect Master Xiao was cursing in his heart.
"Damn it, why is there another Divine Sea Realm warrior here?
Since when did the Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Central Domain become like cabbages, popping up every now and then? "
Although he was cursing in his heart, the smile on Sect Master Xiao's face was extremely warm. After encountering hundreds of super strong masters, Sect Master Xiao found that his heart had become stronger. At least when he met the six strong masters in front of him, Sect Master Xiao did not lose his composure.
"Master, I wonder what brings you to the Fish Dragon Sect?" Sect Master Xiao asked Heartless Monk with a bright smile.
The Heartless Sage glanced at Sect Master Xiao indifferently and said coldly, "How do I get to Tianqi City?"
Going to Tianqi City again!
Could it be that these people were also going to find Luo Zheng?
Some time ago, hundreds of super strong masters had already gone to the Divine Kingdom. Why was it still not enough?
But speaking of which, why was there no news of the hundreds of strong masters after they borrowed the path from the Fish Dragon Sect to Tianqi City? Sect Master Xiao was puzzled, but he did not dare to ask.
Sect Master Xiao knew very well that curiosity killed the cat. If he asked too much, he was afraid that he would be killed, or even destroyed. How could he dare to ask?
So Sect Master Xiao quickly took out a map and respectfully handed it to the Divine Sea Realm warrior. Then he said with a smile, "This is the map of the Central Domain. Tianqi City has been marked on the map. You can find it by following the map …"
The Heartless Sage took the map, shook it, and memorized it in his mind. Then he snorted. The six strong masters stopped talking and turned into escape lights, heading straight for Tianqi City.
This time, the Heartless Sage did not leave any reward …
After the six left, Sect Master Xiao spat at them. Last time, the hundreds of strong masters rewarded him with a low-grade holy weapon. These two Divine Sea Realm warriors were really stingy!
In less than a day, the six escape lights quickly approached Tianqi City.
Standing at the gate of the city wall, the Heartless Sage glanced indifferently. He had memorized the surroundings of Tianqi City in the Eight Trigrams Mirror. Although the World Business Alliance had cleaned up the battlefield during this period, the Heartless Sage's memory would not be wrong. This was Tianqi City.
"I just don't know if that kid is still in Tianqi City," the Heartless Sage said indifferently.
The Star Sword Venerable asked, "What secret does that kid have that you are so concerned about?"
The Heartless Sage chuckled. "What secret does that kid have? Am I not doing this for the Saintess? "
The Star Sword Venerable said coldly, "You can fool the Saintess with this, but don't fool me. You and I have been friends for many years. Do you still have to hide it from me?"
Seeing that the Star Sword Venerable was a little unhappy, the Heartless Sage finally said, "Well, since I am willing to invite you to the Central Domain, I naturally want to share that secret with you. I can only tell you that this secret is related to the Dragon Bloodline!"
"The Dragon Bloodline!"
Hearing the Heartless Sage's words, the Star Sword Venerable's face suddenly revealed a look of surprise. Then, it turned into an expression of disbelief. "Heartless, don't joke with me."
The secret of the Dragon Bloodline was the greatest secret of the four Divine Kingdoms.
The history of the four Divine Kingdoms was much longer than that of the Central Domain. On that land, various civilizations had existed for countless years.
Therefore, the history of the Divine Kingdoms could be summarized into the Ancient Times, the Middle Ages, and the Modern Times …
The Dragon Bloodline had been enemies with the Divine Kingdoms since the Ancient Times. In the Middle Ages, the Dragon Bloodline and the "seven Divine Kingdoms" of that time started an earth-shattering war. The True Dragon even appeared and helped the Dragon Bloodline to destroy the three Divine Kingdoms.
It was only in the Modern Times that the Divine Kingdoms finally gained the upper hand and completely destroyed the Dragon Bloodline. The Dragon Bloodline became a part of history and legend in the Divine Kingdoms.
Even though it was just a legend, there were still many inheritances and relics inside the Dragon Bloodline. These things were like gold mines, attracting the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms to excavate them.
Therefore, all the secrets related to the Dragon Bloodline were extremely precious in the Divine Kingdoms. After all, over the years, the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms had excavated too many benefits from the Dragon Bloodline …
"Why would I joke with you? When I catch this guy and search his soul, you'll know then!" The Heartless Sage revealed a confident smile.
Seeing that Heartless Monk was so convinced, Star Sword Esteemed Being also believed a little bit. Speaking of which, many warriors who had offended experts in the Divine Kingdom would find a chance to hide in the North Heaven Region. Those warriors who hid in the North Heaven Region would eventually die. Therefore, it was not impossible for the secret to be obtained by the warriors in the Central Region if those warriors brought it here.
"Since that guy has the secret of the Dragon Bloodline, his strength should not be weak. I wonder if he has any helpers?" The Star Sword Venerable's face revealed a hint of caution.
"Hahahaha …" Hearing the Star Sword Venerable's words, the Heartless Sage immediately laughed, "That guy's strength is indeed not bad. He killed a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior when he was only in the Middle False Tribulation Realm!"
"Oh?" The Star Sword Venerable's eyes flashed. No matter if it was the False Tribulation Realm or the Life and Death Realm, they were not worthy of his attention. However, according to the Heartless Sage's tone, that guy could actually kill a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior when he was only in the Middle False Tribulation Realm?
This was very powerful.
＝＝＝＝＝