Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, warriors who could kill Life and Death Realm warriors at the False Tribulation Realm only existed in the legends of the Divine Kingdoms.
At the very least, Star Sword Venerable could not do it back then.
Therefore, Star Sword Venerable was even more interested in Luo Zheng after hearing Heartless Monk's words. Since Luo Zheng was so powerful, maybe it was because of the secret inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline Clan?
"Don't worry, Star Sword. When have I ever lied to you?"
After saying that, Heartless Monk suddenly increased his altitude. Facing Tianqi City, he took a deep breath. A steady stream of Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi gathered toward him. For a moment, the wind and clouds surged in the sky!
Then, Heartless Monk suddenly roared.
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
"Come out! Come out! Come out! "
When he roared, everyone in Heavenly Awakening City could hear him clearly. His voice was like a clap of thunder that resounded in the ears of many cultivators.
It was a pity that the unlucky ones were the commoners in Tianqi City. Most of the commoners felt as if a few thunderbolts had exploded in front of their foreheads. Under the loud roar, they directly rolled their eyes and fainted!
Those weaker warriors also felt very uncomfortable. Under the vibration of the roar, they felt their Qi and blood surging. Their hearts were beating non-stop, and blood was flowing out of their ears.
This was Heartless Monk's intention to show off.
When an expert of the Divine Sea Realm showed off, how powerful was his aura?
Heartless Monk was also very pleased with himself. The warriors in Tianqi City were probably trembling in fear, right?
In the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great, they did not dare to be so reckless. It was like a rich man in a big city. He might not be much in his original big city, but when he came to a small rural place, he had to show off and show off.
In the world of warriors, it became "showing off and showing off!"
Seeing Heartless Monk like this, Star Sword Venerable smiled and also flew up. He also absorbed a part of the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi like Heartless Monk. "Heartless, you are in a good mood. Let me try too. Haha!"
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! "
"Come out! Come out! Come out! "
Behind the two experts of the Divine Sea Realm, the four experts of the Life and Death Realm looked at each other with faint smiles on their faces.
As followers, they did not dare to steal the limelight from Heartless Monk and Star Sword Venerable. However, the people of the Divine Kingdom had had a sense of superiority wherever they went. There should be a good show later........ Anyway, killing warriors of the Central Domain was as easy as cutting vegetables..........................
Heavenly Awakening City was completely silent.
Such a large city, yet not a single martial artist appeared. It was as if it was a dead city ….
"Are you a coward?" Heartless Sweetheart sneered. He looked like a little boy, but the expression on his face was ferocious. His expression did not match his appearance.
"You don't dare to come out, right?" Xingjian Venerable said with a faint smile, "The warriors of the Tianbei Region are not only weak but also cowardly."
However, as soon as Star Sword Venerable finished his words, a fleeing light appeared in Tianqi City. The fleeing light came from afar and went straight for Heartless Monk.
It was Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng wore a faint smile on his face, but he was very happy in his heart. He had been waiting for a long time, and finally, these guys had come!
Heartless Monk had fought with Luo Zheng once. How could he not recognize Luo Zheng's appearance?
Seeing Luo Zheng going alone, Heartless Monk also wore a smile on his face. He said to Luo Zheng, "You know what's good for you. You know you can't run away, so you took the initiative to show up. After I get the thing in your mind, I can leave your corpse intact."
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. "My corpse intact? Heartless Monk, I don't want to die! "
"What a joke. Do you think it's up to you to decide whether you want to die or not?" Star Sword Venerable said contemptuously. Luo Zheng was just a False Tribulation Realm warrior. Even if he was powerful enough to kill a Life and Death Realm warrior, how could Star Sword Venerable take him seriously?
Luo Zheng smiled indifferently. "It's up to me to decide whether I want to die or not. What do you think?"
Heartless Monk stretched out his hand and gently gestured toward Luo Zheng's body. "Your life is already in our hands, insignificant ant …"
"I'm not here to discuss this with you." Luo Zheng suddenly stopped smiling. "I'm here to ask you a question!"
The six experts of Yu the Great Divine Kingdom were a little confused when they heard Luo Zheng's words. Ask a question? What question? If he lost his life, he still planned to ask a question?
However, since Luo Zheng said so, Heartless Monk was really curious. He immediately asked, "What question do you want to ask?"
Luo Zheng took out a few broken pieces of ancient jade from his Sumeru Ring. The ancient jade had been broken and was not complete.
This ancient jade was the one Li Hetai gave to Luo Zheng. The life force in it had been absorbed by Ning Yudie. However, in order to find clues about the ancient jade, Luo Zheng naturally kept it.
When Luo Zheng took out the ancient jade, Heartless Monk, Star Sword Venerable, and the four Life and Death Realm warriors behind them were slightly stunned. Their faces revealed strange expressions.
"Hey, how did you get this thing?" Heartless Monk stared at the broken ancient jade in Luo Zheng's hand and asked.
Hearing Heartless Monk's words, Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped. Sure enough, Heartless Monk recognized the ancient jade in his hand. This ancient jade must have come from the Divine Kingdom. Moreover, there were more in the Divine Kingdom!
"What is this ancient jade? Where did you get it? Are there more in the four Divine Kingdoms? "This was what Luo Zheng cared about the most. Therefore, he asked in one breath.
Unexpectedly, Heartless Monk sneered. "Although I don't know where you got it, I don't need to tell you."
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. With a smile on his face, he said politely, "Please tell me, okay?"
"In the Divine Kingdom, this is not a great secret. However, it's meaningless to tell a dying man," Heartless Monk said coldly.
"No." Luo Zheng suddenly shook his finger and smiled. "It's very meaningful!"
Star Sword Venerable frowned. He was much more cautious than Heartless Monk. Seeing Luo Zheng's calm expression and tone, he felt that something was wrong. Therefore, he asked, "What's the meaning?"
Luo Zheng smiled proudly. The expression on his face was very pure, but also very cruel. "Among the six of you, I'll spare the life of whoever tells me first!"
Luo Zheng's sudden words stunned the six warriors of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. For a moment, they all doubted their ears.
Heartless Monk's face revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "What? Do you want to say it again? "
A little guy in the False Tribulation Realm said such words to a group of Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors. For a moment, they felt that there was something wrong with Luo Zheng's head.
"I'll say it again. I'll spare the life of whoever tells me the secret of this ancient jade first." Luo Zheng repeated and then added, "You can answer first!"
The Heartless Monk chuckled. "It's really the wrong choice to waste time with you. Xingjian, your Heavenly Astral Soul Search Technique can search through that guy's mind to the greatest extent. I'll capture him, and you can search his soul!"
Heartless Monk knew the secret in Luo Zheng's mind. At the same time, he also knew that the soul of the real dragon was not so easy to deal with. Last time, a soul that entered Luo Zheng's mind was destroyed. However, that soul was strengthened by the Spirit Goblet and was not weaker than his own soul.
Therefore, Heartless Monk did not dare to enter Luo Zheng's mind casually. If his soul was swallowed by the real dragon, the loss would outweigh the gain!
However, the Star-Sword Esteemed Being had been practicing a secret art of the soul, which happened to be able to overcome this situation. It was also the reason why the Heartless Monk brought the Star-Sword Esteemed Being here. Otherwise, no matter how close the Heartless Monk was to the Star-Sword Esteemed Being, how could he share such a secret with him?
Seeing that Heartless Monk was about to take action, Luo Zheng showed a regretful expression.