The speed of a Divine Ocean Realm warrior was unimaginable.
Even a Divine Ocean Realm warrior would have a hard time killing another Divine Ocean Realm warrior who was running away at full speed.
In order to prevent these warriors from escaping, hundreds of warriors from the Sea God Continent were hiding in the surroundings. They even used the secret treasure of the Night Demon Clan, the Jade Tree, to cover their presence.
The Jade Tree was a special secret treasure of the Night Demon Clan. As long as the tree was planted, it would grow into a small tree that was as tall as a human in three days. These small trees could blend in with other trees and didn't look out of place. As long as one stood under the Jade Tree, he or she would be able to cover his or her presence.
However, the Jade Tree could only be used for ambush, not for escape. After all, three days of growth was too slow. Of course, it wouldn't be useful when escaping.
As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, hundreds of powerful auras were suddenly released. These auras instantly enveloped Heartless Monk, Star Sword Venerable Master, and the other experts of the Yu Divine Kingdom.
The six Divine Sea Realm Almighties of the Night Monster Clan and Situ Haotian of the Purple Heart Sacred Land also released their own domains.
Only those who had reached the Divine Ocean Realm could have their own Domains!
Everyone's Domains were different, but they were mostly based on the elemental cultivation method they practiced.
These domains overlapped with each other and shrouded Heartless Monk and Star Sword Venerable!
Heartless Monk and Xingjian Venerable didn't expect this to happen.
Nine Divine Ocean Realm warriors …
Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, mighty figures in the Divine Sea Realm were not as common as cabbages. Heartless Monk and Xingjian Esteemed Master both held important positions in the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. Even the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great could not order them around.
Reaching the Divine Ocean Realm was equivalent to transcending the mortal world and becoming an immortal.
If it weren't for the abnormal changes in this world, they would have been able to ascend and become immortals long ago.
The Heartless Monk knew the strength of the warriors in the Central Domain very well. A Life and Death Realm warrior could stir up a storm on this continent. In fact, the Heartless Monk could defeat all the warriors in the Tianbei Domain by himself. If it were not for the fact that he was afraid of the real dragon in Luo Zheng's mind, the Heartless Monk would not have brought the Xingjian Esteemed Master with him!
In the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms' martial artists, this North Heaven Region was as safe as their own backyard.
From the moment they set foot on this land, they had the power to decide the life and death of all the cultivators on this land.
But how could they have known that they would run into so many Spirit Sea Realm warriors here?
For a moment, Heartless Monk and Star Sword Esteemed Cultivator were both in a daze. A Life and Death Realm expert from Yu the Great's Divine Kingdom even rubbed his eyes, wondering if he had seen through it. How could such an unimaginable thing happen?
With the resources in the Central Domain, even one or two Spirit Sea Realm warriors could barely be cultivated. Suddenly, so many of them appeared out of nowhere. The Heartless Monk really wondered if he was still in a dream.
Led by Situ Haotian, the Spirit Sea Realm warriors from the Sea God Continent tightly surrounded the six people from Yu the Great's Divine Kingdom. But none of them said a word. Only Luo Zheng said with a faint smile, "Last chance. Where did you get this ancient jade?"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he raised the ancient jade in his hand again and asked.
The Xingjian Esteemed Cultivator and the Heartless Monk were thinking about how to get out of the encirclement of these powerful warriors. How could they have the mood to answer Luo Zheng's question?
However, although the Xingjian Esteemed Cultivator and the Heartless Monk were unwilling to answer Luo Zheng's question, the Life and Death Realm warriors behind them did not think so.
Spirit Sea Realm warriors could fight against each other. In a battle of this level, the Life and Death Realm warriors could only be cannon fodder.
One of the Life and Death Realm warriors thought quickly and answered immediately, "I know. This is the Origin Stone of Life! It was dug out from the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm! "
"Feather Emperor's Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Staring at the Life and Death Realm warrior, he continued to ask, "Is the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm in the four Divine Kingdoms?"
The Life and Death Realm warrior suddenly answered. The Xingjian Esteemed Cultivator and the Heartless Monk turned around and glared at him. The Heartless Monk even sneered, "Do you think he will let you go if you tell him?"
A hint of fear appeared on the Life and Death Realm warrior's face. However, his survival instinct still prevailed. No matter what, it was a chance for him to survive. He continued to say to Luo Zheng, "The Feather Emperor's Secret Realm is in the center of the four Divine Kingdoms, in the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea!"
The Feather Emperor's Secret Realm, the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea …
It seemed that the Origin Stone of Life was quite famous in the four Divine Kingdoms. There should be a lot of them.
Luo Zheng could go to the four Divine Kingdoms and check for this information. Right now, Luo Zheng was only making a preliminary confirmation. If these ancient jades were unknown in the four Divine Kingdoms and were extremely rare and hard to find in the Divine Kingdoms, Luo Zheng could choose other options.
For example, Luo Zheng could choose to enter the Rising Dragon Platform to ascend to the True Dragon World.
With his current strength, he was still far from being qualified to ascend to the Upper World. However, for Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng would risk his life to get to the Upper World.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said to the Heartless Monk, "You are right. He has answered my question. Of course, I will let him go! Everyone, let's do it. Just leave that one alive! "
When the other Life and Death Realm warriors heard Luo Zheng's words, their hearts skipped a beat. A hint of regret appeared on their faces. The Origin Stone of Life was not a secret in the four Divine Kingdoms. It was just that ordinary warriors had no chance to come in contact with it. If they had known, they would have … answered first.
But it was too late to regret now. After cultivating to this level, which one of them was not a decisive person? No one would choose to wait for death. Under Luo Zheng's order, everyone took action at the same time!
Both the Heartless Monk and the Star Sword Master released their Domains in an instant. Among them, the Heartless Monk shrouded Luo Zheng in his Domains. Then, in a flash, he charged at Luo Zheng!
The Heartless Monk was also suspicious. How could Luo Zheng, a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, command these Life and Death Realm and Divine Sea Realm warriors? But he also understood that no matter what the truth was, if he wanted a chance to survive, he had to threaten Luo Zheng!
Therefore, after taking action, the Heartless Monk directly charged toward Luo Zheng.
Facing a Divine Sea Realm warrior, Luo Zheng had no choice but to retreat. With his current strength, he might be on par with a Life and Death Realm warrior of the fourth or even the fifth stage. In other words, he was a Life and Death Realm warrior who had gone through four or five Life and Death Tribulations.
He was still far from being a match for a Divine Sea Realm warrior.
As soon as Luo Zheng retreated, a figure appeared in front of Luo Zheng. That person had an immortal-like appearance. It was Situ Haotian.
Since they were helping Luo Zheng fight against a powerful enemy, how could they not have taken precautions?
Situ Haotian smiled faintly at the Heartless Master. "You should be my opponent."
The Heartless Monk gritted his teeth. A hint of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes. He clapped his hands, and a brown light swept out with him as the center!
A battle between Divine Sea Realm warriors was much more terrifying than a battle between Life and Death Realm warriors.
As a matter of fact, all the Life and Death Realm warriors here were just there for fun. Once they were dragged into the realm of a Divine Sea Realm warrior, they would end up in a miserable state. Therefore, those Life and Death Realm warriors kept a distance from each other and didn't make any moves.
As the brown light of the Heartless Monk spread out, he coldly roared, "Bewitching Realm!"
The brown light spread out in all directions at a visible speed!
All the warriors who were enveloped by the "Bewitching Realm" immediately felt their hearts beating wildly. They seemed to have fallen into some kind of frenzy and wanted to attack the warrior closest to them.
The Bewitching Realm of the Heartless Monk was also a very powerful Realm.
All the warriors who were drawn into the Bewitching Realm would lose their minds. Then, they would go berserk and attack the warrior closest to them!
If the Heartless Monk was given enough time to use this Bewitching Realm and cover the entire Tianqi City, in less than an hour, all the warriors in the city would kill each other!
However, today, the Heartless Monk was facing many Divine Sea Realm warriors! The minds of Divine Sea Realm warriors were firm. How could they lose their minds so easily?