Many Divine Sea Realm warriors only felt their hearts beating wildly, but they returned to normal in the blink of an eye.
Divine Sea Realm warriors had a different way of fighting compared to ordinary warriors. First, they would suppress and cancel each other out with their Domains. Then, they would clash with their True Essence and physical body.
Domains had a great influence on a warrior's strength, and each warrior's Domain was different.
Some warriors' Domains were overbearing and could even be described as shameless. Some warriors' Domains only had some auxiliary effects.
For example, Heartless Monk's "Confusion Domain" could disturb his opponent's state of mind. If he were to fight against a Divine Sea Realm warrior alone, he could change his opponent's state of mind. In a short period of time, he could make his opponent extremely irritable and unable to exert his strength steadily.
But now, the nine Spirit Sea Realm cultivators were in Heartless Monk's domain. These nine Spirit Sea Realm cultivators were sharing the pressure of Heartless Monk's Confusion Domain. Naturally, they weren't much of a threat to them.
Inside Heartless Monk's Domain, Situ Haotian waved his hands gently. Streaks of colors spread out like spirals. After those spirals circled around Situ Haotian several times, they suddenly flashed with dazzling lights. At this moment, Situ Haotian looked like a small sun. Everyone was blinded by the dazzling light.
"Confusion Domain … interesting, but it's still too weak, haha!"
Situ Haotian's voice came out from the light. His words contained a domineering confidence!
Although the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land was ranked at the bottom of the Sea God Continent, it didn't mean that the top warriors of the human race were weak. If they were weak, the Purple Heart Holy Land would have been destroyed long ago and the human race would have been removed from the Sea God Continent.
The reason why the human race could survive until now was because of these three top Divine Sea Realm warriors!
Situ Haotian's strength might not be as good as Liu Yu or the leader of the Twin Devil Holy Land, but his individual strength could definitely be ranked in the top 10 of the Sea God Continent!
"Mind Splitting Domain!"
The Domain of the Divine Sea Realm was to use one's own strength to carve out their own territory. With their own strength, they could change the rules of the Domain within a limited range!
This was also the so-called "competition" for territory with the Heavens.
Of course, the Divine Sea Realm's Domain had a limited range and the rules it could change were relatively limited as well.
If the influence of this domain could encompass the entire universe and the rules could be changed at will, then this person would be equivalent to the Heavenly Dao.
Situ Haotian's Divine Clone Domain was able to create countless divine clones within the range of light!
When the light shone out, countless Situ Haotian's appeared. At a glance, it looked like an army of Situ Haotian's!
After tens of thousands of Divine Clones appeared, they surrounded Heartless Lord and attacked him.
The Heartless Monk was shocked when he saw the aggressive Divine Clones rushing toward him. He patted his head, and an eye condensed on top of his head. Just by looking at the eye, it gave people a suffocating feeling.
"Heart Fire Evil Eye! Destroy, destroy, destroy! "
"Hualala …"
Wisps of colorful flames shot out. This Evil Eye was an object with a great origin. Normally, the Heartless Monk wouldn't use it to deal with the enemy. However, now was the most critical moment for the Heartless Monk, so how could he hesitate?
The flames were really powerful. The sea of flames seemed to be able to restrain the Divine Clones created by Situ Haotian. As the flames swept over, the thousands of Divine Clones were burned clean!
"Not bad, but unfortunately … it's still far from enough." Situ Haotian was certain that he could defeat the Heartless Monk. Since he had personally come to the Central Domain under Luo Zheng's invitation, how could he not show off his skills?
In the domain of the Divine Clones, Situ Haotian was an invincible existence. Unless there was a powerhouse that could kill all of the Divine Clones at the same time, only then could Situ Haotian's true body be forced out. The indifferent Master Heartless was clearly unable to do this!
A steady stream of Divine Clones rushed towards the Heartless Monk. All of the Situ Haotian clones had faint smiles on their faces. Then, they gently pinched their fingers together and an invisible aura spread out.
At this moment, Situ Haotian was like an ancient Holy Emperor, exuding an aura of supremacy between the heavens and the earth!
"Imperial Heavenly Calamity Destroying Finger!"
Only those at the Divine Sea realm could call themselves Emperors!
However, in the general sense, Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors only existed within the four Divine Kingdoms.
The Sea God Continent was a Holy Land and didn't have the tradition of calling themselves Emperors. But, this didn't mean that they didn't have the momentum to call themselves Emperors!
Tens of thousands of Situ Haotian clones suddenly erupted with an aura that seemed capable of extinguishing all life in the world as they shot towards the Heartless Monk. Every Divine Clone had a thousandth of the strength of Situ Haotian's true body. With these tens of thousands of Divine Clones shooting out, it was the same as multiplying Situ Haotian's strength by ten times!
In other words, within Situ Haotian's Domain, one had to deal with the simultaneous attack of 10 Situ Haotians. Such a powerful force was almost unimaginable!
Luo Zheng stood atop the city walls of Apocalypse City, watching this scene with shining eyes. To be able to observe a battle between Divine Sea realm powerhouses was a heaven-sent opportunity for Luo Zheng.
Was this the power of a Domain?
Luo Zheng was lost in thought …
If he could step into the Divine Sea realm in the future and give birth to a Domain, what kind of effect would it have? Would it be able to compare with Situ Haotian's Domain?
For Luo Zheng, this was a learning opportunity. For the many martial artists in Apocalypse City, wasn't it also a learning opportunity?
When Divine Sea realm powerhouses fought, it was possible that the aftershocks would spread far and wide. Although there were other Divine Sea realm powerhouses guarding the area, if they didn't control it well, a huge wave of aura would come out and evaporate the entire Apocalypse City …
However, the martial artists of the Merchant Union still braved the great danger to observe the battle in the sky.
This was a battle that they wouldn't be able to see in their entire lives!
Many martial artists watched this scene, their minds constantly trembling. Some martial artists whose hearts of martial arts weren't stable enough even began to resist. They believed that they wouldn't be able to reach such heights in their lifetime and felt a sense of defeat.
As for some martial artists with a positive mindset, their eyes shined. They hoped that one day they could break through life and death, enter the Divine Sea realm, and obtain such a powerful strength!
This was the effect of a heart of martial arts. It could make a positive person even more positive!
"Bang!"
Another small sun appeared in the sky. At the same time, there was a loud explosion. The sound was dull and distant, spreading out for thousands of miles.
As the light gradually dissipated, a small boy appeared again. The moment the Heavenly Calamity Destroying Finger arrived, the Heartless Monk hid in a small turtle shell.
The turtle shell was emerald green, as if it were made from a large piece of jade. It was extraordinarily beautiful.
However, this turtle shell was able to withstand a massive portion of Situ Haotian's attack. Even so, the Heartless Monk within the turtle shell was still in a distressed state. An unhealthy red color appeared on his face; it was clear that his injuries weren't light.
Situ Haotian was surprised to see the Heartless Monk withstand his strike. The strength of the Central Domain was far inferior to that of the Sea God Continent. But, the inheritances of this Divine Kingdom should be even stronger than those of the Sea God Continent!
If it weren't for this, the Heartless Monk would have been annihilated by Situ Haotian's strike.
"Humph! Today, there will be a victor between us!" The Heartless Monk clenched his teeth and said to Situ Haotian.
"With me?" Situ Haotian faintly smiled, "It should be with us!"
This Heartless Monk actually wanted to fight Situ Haotian one on one. Although Situ Haotian had full confidence that he could defeat this person, it was still difficult for a Divine Sea realm Supreme Elder to kill him in a one on one fight. Situ Haotian didn't want to let this Heartless Monk escape …
Thus, as soon as Situ Haotian's voice fell, the other Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders also released their domains, covering the Heartless Monk.
Seeing this, the Heartless Monk's heart sank. It was over …
He had set out from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and crossed the Chaotic Astral Sea. Just how high-spirited had he been at that time? How could he have imagined that the Central Domain would become the place where he would fall?
All the Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders attacked at the same time. All sorts of domains covered each other, firmly trapping the Heartless Monk and the Star Sword Esteemed Master. For a time, there were continuous explosions in the sky that made one's heart tremble.
The two dignified Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were finally beaten to death by nine people from the Sea God Continent. Shi Kefan and the others, who were watching the battle from Heavenly Awakening City, couldn't help but shake their heads. It was a bit pitiful for these people to fall like this …
＝＝＝＝＝