Shi Kefan naturally didn't pity Heartless Monk. It was just that Divine Sea Realm experts were born from tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of warriors. They needed countless resources and time to cultivate to the Divine Sea Realm. However, it only took a short time for them to die, which naturally made people sigh.
This was the world of warriors. Even if you stepped into the Divine Sea Realm and called yourself an emperor, you still couldn't escape the fate of being killed.
In fact, it was very difficult to kill a Divine Sea Realm expert. Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, the death of a Divine Sea Realm expert was an earth-shattering event.
This time, Heartless Monk and Star Sword Master were too careless. They were tightly surrounded by nine Divine Sea Realm experts and had no way to escape, which was why they ended up in such a miserable state.
This battle only lasted for a few incense sticks' worth of time before it returned to silence.
With his hands behind his back, Luo Zheng slowly floated towards the sky and arrived in front of the last Life and Death Realm expert.
This Life and Death Realm expert answered Luo Zheng's question, but Situ Haotian and the others spared his life.
Luo Zheng gazed at this person's face indifferently. This person was an expert who had passed five Life and Death Tribulations and was even stronger than Cui Xie. However, facing Luo Zheng, who was in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, his face revealed a trace of fear.
Luo Zheng certainly knew that this person wasn't afraid of him, but of the people behind him.
"You, you promised not to kill me …" The Life and Death Realm expert stammered.
Luo Zheng nodded and then said with a smile, "I did promise not to kill you, but I can't leave you in the Central Domain, and I can't let you go back to the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. You … think of a way?"
"This!" The Life and Death Realm expert's face froze. Wasn't this bullying? He originally intended to say this, but in the current situation, so what if Luo Zheng bullied him? Killing him was just a matter of a thought. After all, Luo Zheng didn't swear on his heart of martial arts.
After thinking for a while, the Life and Death Realm expert shook his head, "I can't think of a way!"
But at this time, behind Luo Zheng, Situ Haotian faintly smiled. "Isn't that simple? Can't you just cripple your own cultivation? "This suggestion was simple yet cruel.
A Life and Death powerhouse whose cultivation was crippled was equivalent to a dead man. There was a price to pay for fighting against the heavens. Breaking through the Life and Death Realm meant contending against the Heavenly Dao. After crippling one's cultivation, the minor heavenly tribulation wouldn't disappear!
Once the Heavenly Tribulation began, it would descend in an orderly manner according to a certain pattern. It would not fall on time, and there would be no mistakes.
It had been a hundred years since this Life and Death Realm expert had gone through his last Life and Death Calamity, and the sixth one would descend soon. He didn't have the confidence to resist the sixth Life and Death Calamity, so he followed Heartless Monk to the Central Domain. Firstly, he wanted to follow Heartless Monk to get some opportunities. Secondly, if Heartless Monk was willing to help him, his chances of surviving the next Life and Death Calamity would greatly increase.
If his cultivation was crippled, he would be nothing more than an ordinary person. How could he resist the next Life and Death Calamity?
Therefore, hearing Situ Haotian's words, the Life and Death powerhouse indignantly said, "Crippling my cultivation is no different from killing me!"
Situ Haotian coldly smiled, "This suggestion is good. Killing you is the simplest choice."
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he indifferently looked at the Life and Death powerhouse in front of him. As long as he said a word, Situ Haotian would take his life.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the Life and Death powerhouse suddenly became anxious. His words were pleasant to hear, but who wasn't afraid of death? Moreover, he had already crossed five Life and Death Calamities. If he could survive the sixth one, he would be able to start attacking the Divine Sea realm. There was still a bright future ahead of him!
The weather wasn't hot, and a Life and Death powerhouse could remain calm even in a sea of fire. But at this time, sweat dripped down from his forehead. After thinking for a moment, the Life and Death powerhouse clenched his teeth and said, "I have a way!"
"What way?" Luo Zheng curiously asked. In Luo Zheng's view, crippling this person's cultivation was imperative. If it really didn't work, then it would be safer to kill him.
After all, Situ Haotian and the others couldn't guard the Central Domain for a long time. They had to return to the Sea God Continent. Once Situ Haotian left, who would be able to suppress this Life and Death powerhouse?
"There is a secret method in our Divine Nation! Slave Imprint! Plant a slave imprint in me! "The Life and Death powerhouse anxiously said.
"Slave Imprint?" Luo Zheng's eyes slightly moved.
"Yes, anyone who plants a slave imprint will not be able to resist the orders of their master, let alone go against their master's will. They will be completely loyal to their master. Plant a slave imprint in me, and you will be my master!" The Life and Death powerhouse hurriedly said.
"Is this slave imprint so powerful?" Luo Zheng stared at the man and said.
"Yes!" The man said with certainty.
The slave imprint mentioned by this Life and Death powerhouse was indeed extremely tyrannical. However, after being planted, one would be able to retain their own thoughts, and would only obey their master unconditionally.
No martial artist would be willing to have a slave imprint planted in them. Some arrogant martial artists would rather die than have a slave imprint planted in them. Which Life and Death Realm martial artist would like to be treated like a slave and ordered around by others?
However, this Life and Death powerhouse was afraid of death. If his cultivation was crippled, he would die. Even if he was killed on the spot, he would still die. After being planted with a slave imprint, he would still be able to live.
Moreover, in the future, perhaps Luo Zheng would take pity on him and release his slave imprint?
Therefore, in a moment of desperation, this Life and Death powerhouse came up with such a method.
"You said that this slave imprint is so mysterious. How do you plant it?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Life and Death powerhouse hurriedly took out a small brown stone tablet from his spatial ring. On this stone tablet, there was an incomparably exquisite rune.
When Luo Zheng saw this rune, his eyebrows suddenly twitched. This was … a divine rune?
At this time, Qinglong's voice sounded, "Yes, this is a divine rune."
"Why haven't I seen this divine rune before?" Luo Zheng asked suspiciously.
While Luo Zheng was cultivating, he didn't stop studying the divine runes. Although he couldn't draw all of the divine runes that Qinglong passed to him, Luo Zheng had already firmly memorized the principles and shapes of each divine rune.
Luo Zheng had never seen this divine rune before.
The Azure Dragon smiled faintly, "It's normal that you haven't seen it before. Divine Inscriptions don't belong to my Dragon Clan. The Divine Inscriptions I imparted to you are all inherited from the True Dragon Clan. The Divine Inscription in his hand is an inheritance from the Human Clan. Speaking of which, only the Human Clan would be able to develop such Divine Inscriptions and enslave others.
Qinglong was an expert in the Dao of Divine Runes, and seemed to be somewhat disdainful of this kind of divine rune.
"Are you sure?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong again. Soon, he would definitely set foot in the four Divine Nations. If he had a Life and Death powerhouse as his guide, it would save him a lot of time and effort.
But if he was deceived by this guy, once Situ Haotian and the others left, wouldn't the Central Domain be turned upside down by him? Luo Zheng didn't want this kind of thing to happen.
Qinglong nodded with certainty, "This is a very common slave imprint. After enslaving someone, they can't resist. However, there's a strict requirement. Your soul must be stronger than the other person's. If your soul is weaker than the other person's, you'll suffer a backlash from the slave imprint."
"I understand." Luo Zheng was very confident in his own soul.
Even Heartless Monk's soul was only at the Battle Soul Realm. The soul of this Life and Death powerhouse couldn't be stronger than his own.
Therefore, Luo Zheng said to the Life and Death powerhouse, "Since it's like this, I can enslave you."
At this time, the Life and Death expert's face revealed a trace of reluctance. However, even though he was reluctant, he had no choice but to throw the brown stone tablet to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stroked the divine rune and immediately poured Zhen Yuan into it, instantly activating the slave imprint. Then, he threw the slave imprint at the other person.
The imprint instantly stuck to the Life and Death powerhouse's forehead and bloomed with a little light. When the light on his forehead completely disappeared, his eyes suddenly became lifeless. At the same time, he nodded to Luo Zheng and said, "My master, what are your orders?"