Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a look of admiration appeared on the faces of Situ Haotian and the others. Of course, they knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't let the other party commit suicide, but this was the most effective test.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Life and Death Realm expert's eyes gradually regained clarity, and he looked like a normal person. But under Luo Zheng's command, he suddenly stretched out his hand and condensed green Zhen Yuan. This Zhen Yuan condensed into sharp thorns and was about to hit his head.
If his hand hit his head, he would definitely die.
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng lightly ordered, "Stop!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's order, the Life and Death Realm expert's raised hand froze in the air. He looked at Luo Zheng with an inquiring gaze, as if waiting for Luo Zheng to give an order.
"Okay, you don't have to commit suicide. Tell me your name," Luo Zheng asked.
The Life and Death Realm expert nodded and replied, "My name is Cao Junfeng."
"Very good, follow me," Luo Zheng said, then flew down without looking back. Cao Junfeng nodded and followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
This slave imprint was very special. After being enslaved, he didn't lose himself and become a puppet. He still had his own consciousness. As long as he wasn't affected by Luo Zheng's orders, Cao Junfeng would still be like a normal person. Others wouldn't be able to see any clues.
It's just that he couldn't disobey Luo Zheng's orders.
In less than an hour, the biggest crisis in the history of the Central Domain was easily resolved.
Shi Kefan and the others felt a weight lifted off their shoulders.
However, they didn't have anything to worry about. From the moment Situ Haotian led this group of experts to the Central Domain, the fate of these people had already been decided.
In fact, Shi Kefan and the others knew that Luo Zheng had become the de facto leader of the Central Domain. Even if he didn't have the ambition to establish a Divine Nation, this fact had to be acknowledged.
Not to mention these hundreds of super experts, just Luo Zheng's strength alone was enough to make him undefeatable in the Central Domain.
This point was clear to all the cultivators in the Central Domain.
At the same time, they also felt lucky that Luo Zheng didn't have the ambition to unify the Central Domain. If Luo Zheng wanted to establish a Divine Nation, who would dare to disobey him?
But what they didn't know was that Luo Zheng wasn't without ambition. in fact, Luo Zheng's ambition was greater than anyone in the Central Domain. his goal wasn't limited to the Great world. He knew that his future lay was's' future!
However, this goal was only quietly in his heart.
After dealing with the martial artists of Yu Da Divine Kingdom, Situ Haotian and the other experts didn't seem to be in a hurry to return to the Sea God Continent.
Whether it was Situ Haotian or the cultivators of the Night Demon Clan, they were truly infatuated with the various delicacies and culture of Apocalypse City. With Liu Yu overseeing the Sea God Continent, it was rare for these powerhouses to enjoy such peace. This time, they naturally had to seize this opportunity.
However, Luo Zheng couldn't wait any longer. He didn't know how long Ning Yudie could last, but the sooner they set off, the more hope there would be. Therefore, Luo Zheng had already set a date for his trip to the four Divine Nations. The time was set to be seven days later.
When Situ Haotian heard Luo Zheng's plan, he originally wanted to send several powerhouses to follow Luo Zheng to the four Divine Nations.
However, Luo Zheng refused.
The four Divine Nations should be a continent even more powerful than the Sea God Continent. There were countless powerhouses there.
Leading a group of powerhouses to the four Divine Nations would only lead to greater trouble. This wasn't the result that Luo Zheng wanted to see. Right now, he only wanted to obtain enough Origin Life Stones to save Ning Yudie. As for fighting against the four Divine Nations? There wasn't any great enmity between him and the four Divine Nations. He would only do such a thing if he had nothing better to do.
Since Luo Zheng insisted on refusing, Situ Haotian and the others didn't propose any further. They decided to follow Luo Zheng back to the Sea God Continent.
Luo Zheng didn't send Ning Yudie back to the Cloud Hall. Although the Cloud Hall was safe, there were still some families that were ready to cause trouble. Now that Luo Zheng was in the Central Domain, he could still suppress them. No one dared to act rashly. However, if Luo Zheng left the Central Domain, it would be hard to say what would happen after a long time. People's greed always grew with the passage of time.
In contrast, Shi Kefan and the others didn't have any conflicts with Ning Yudie. With the current situation in the Central Domain, protecting Ning Yudie was more than enough.
Seven days later, in the Heavenly Hall.
Xi Youqin gently leaned against Luo Zheng's back. Her face was full of reluctance.
During this time, Xi Youqin also stayed with Luo Zheng in the Heavenly Hall. She watched as Luo Zheng looked at Ning Yudie and sighed. In her heart, she was jealous of Ning Yudie, but at the same time, she also felt sorry for Luo Zheng.
Unfortunately, she was powerless to change this. She could only accept that this man was about to go on an adventure for another woman …
The powerhouses in the Divine Nations were more than a hundred times stronger than those in the Central Domain.
Even Xi Youqin, who didn't care much about martial arts, was well aware of how dangerous Luo Zheng's trip was.
"Luo Zheng, can I go with you?" Xi Youqin said softly. She tried to make her voice as gentle as possible. Perhaps this way, Luo Zheng would be more likely to agree.
During this time, apart from serving Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin often went to the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate. She didn't like to cultivate. This kind of boring cultivation was a kind of torture for her, but she was very clear about her potential.
As long as Xi Youqin cultivated to a certain level and paid a certain price, she would be able to communicate with the True Spirit.
The True Spirits in the Extreme Purple Realm all had the ability to destroy the world. If Luo Zheng encountered danger in the four Divine Nations, she could at least help him!
"No." Luo Zheng resolutely refused without hesitation.
Xi Youqin had probably expected Luo Zheng's refusal. She didn't look angry at all. Instead, she continued to say in an incomparably soft voice, "Just promise me this time, okay?"
Luo Zheng exhaled. He turned his head and looked at Xi Youqin. He reached out and gently touched her soft face. He smiled and said, "Except this time!"
Xi Youqin curled her lips and muttered unwillingly, "I don't know when the next time will be …"
"It won't be long." Luo Zheng could only comfort her.
Facing Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng now felt a faint affection for her. This woman might not be as quick-witted as Ning Yudie or as quick-witted as Xun. In the beginning, she was even very depressed and disgusting. However, after her personality changed, she was very lovable.
Xi Youqin's eyes were a little dim. She lowered her head and seemed to be thinking about something. After a while, she seemed to have thought of something. She suddenly raised her head and said with a smile, "Okay, you must promise me next time!"
"Promise you what?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No matter what I ask, you must promise me!" Xi Youqin said with a smile. Her elegant face was full of seriousness.
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He then nodded silently.
All the warriors in Tianqi City, whether they belonged to the World Business Alliance or not, had already walked out and looked up at the sky. Today was the day that the hundreds of warriors left.
The three Alliance Masters of the World Business Alliance naturally had to personally send them off.
However, what left everyone speechless was that Situ Haotian and the others didn't take away any valuable gifts. The several treasures that the World Business Alliance gave them were all politely declined.
After all, low-grade saint artifacts that were considered treasures in the Central Domain were only ordinary treasures in the eyes of Situ Haotian. How could they possibly take a fancy to the things that the World Business Alliance gave them?
But what made everyone smile was that Situ Haotian actually took away a lot of ingredients from the Central Domain. He even asked the World Business Alliance for several famous chefs …
These chefs were also martial artists, but their cultivations were only at the Xiantian realm. The most powerful of them were only at the Divine Illuminating Realm.
When these chefs heard that they could go to another continent and serve these Divine Sea realm masters, they naturally agreed. They had worked hard in the World Business Alliance for their entire lives, and they were only chefs. If they could serve these Divine Sea realm masters well, then as long as they were happy, they might even have a chance to make a breakthrough. For them, this was a rare opportunity.
Before Luo Zheng left, he took a deep look at Ning Yudie lying on the bed. After he left the Heavenly Palace, all the sadness and loss on his face disappeared, replaced by a resolute and resolute expression!
Then, Luo Zheng took the enslaved Cao Junfeng and joined up with Situ Haotian and the others. Then, they headed straight to the easternmost part of the Central Domain.