The news of Luo Zheng quietly leaving the Central Domain was strictly controlled by the World Business Alliance.
Now, as long as the martial artists in the entire Central Region had a clear mind, they would understand that the General Commerce Alliance had firmly taken over the position of the Central Region's overlord, and the General Commerce Alliance now followed Luo Zheng's lead.
In fact, after Luo Zheng defeated Cui Xie, this situation had already taken shape. The other Fourth-Grade Sects had learned to collectively keep quiet, because they didn't have the courage and strength to compete with the World Business Alliance.
After Luo Zheng led a group of super experts out of nowhere and easily killed the experts of the Divine Kingdoms, the Blood Wood Cliff, Mysterious Yin Mansion, Black Mountain Sect, and other Fourth-Grade Sects could only choose to bow their heads. They were even more fortunate that Luo Zheng didn't intend to establish a Divine Kingdom.
If he really intended to establish a Divine Kingdom, incorporate all the Sects, and combine the influence of the Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance, who in the Central Domain could resist?
In any case, Luo Zheng's influence had become a signboard in the Central Domain, which was why the World Business Alliance kept Luo Zheng's whereabouts secret. As long as he was here, he would be a considerable deterrent to the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great.
Shi Kefan and the others certainly believed that if the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great came out in full force, even Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to resist.
However, the four Divine Kingdoms weren't necessarily monolithic. Of course, they wouldn't go through so much trouble for a small Central Domain.
In the sky above the Chaotic Astral Sea, two escape lights shot straight to the east. After bidding farewell to Situ Haotian, Luo Zheng and the warrior named Cao Junfeng traveled together across the Chaotic Astral Sea!
The storms in the Chaotic Astral Sea would stop for about three to six months. Luo Zheng wanted to take advantage of this period to rush all the way across.
During this time, Luo Zheng roughly understood the situation of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great and the other three Divine Kingdoms through Cao Junfeng.
It was completely different from the situation in the Central Domain. Everything on this continent was controlled by the four Divine Kingdoms, and there were no Sects of any kind.
Establishing a Sect was tantamount to establishing one's own force, and a Divine Kingdom absolutely wouldn't allow such a situation to exist, because once a Sect slowly rose, it would fight against the Divine Kingdom, and a new Divine Kingdom might even be born.
Therefore, after three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed, the structure of the four Divine Kingdoms had been extended from ancient times to the present, and no new Divine Kingdoms had been born. It could really be considered a great unification that lasted for thousands of years.
However, martial artists needed to cultivate, and the Divine Kingdoms also needed to nurture successors and successors. Thus, within the Divine Kingdoms, there was another type of sect that existed, and that was the Martial House.
Whether it was the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great or the other Divine Kingdoms, there were all kinds of Martial Houses. These Martial Houses were similar to the Sects of the Central Domain, but all the Martial Houses were controlled by the Divine Kingdoms. Large and small Martial Houses had become the cultivation holy lands of the Divine Kingdoms. If one wanted to cultivate, obtain more resources, and become more powerful, they had to join a Martial House.
"If you want to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, I'm afraid you have to join a Martial House," Cao Junfeng suggested as the two of them flew over the Chaotic Astral Sea.
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face showed a strange expression, and he immediately asked.
Cao Junfeng directly replied, "The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is a land of miracles. For so many years, it has been monopolized by the four Divine Kingdoms. No independent cultivator is qualified to enter, let alone enter to mine Life Source Stones."
Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose slightly, and he asked with even more confusion, "Since the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is a sea, it should be incomparably vast. How can the four Divine Kingdoms guard this sea?"
"You don't know. Although the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is a sea, it is in fact just an inland lake. It is a relatively large lake. In order to monopolize the many Secret Territories in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the four Divine Kingdoms have placed a large number of troops around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Not to mention … the many fortresses and large cities of the four Divine Kingdoms are built around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. About 70% of the entire Divine Kingdom's population and 90% of the powerhouses live near the sea. It is impossible to enter without permission," Cao Junfeng replied in full detail.
After being planted with the slave seal, Cao Junfeng would not deceive Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng could even perceive what Cao Junfeng was thinking in his mind. Naturally, he could tell that Cao Junfeng's words were not false.
This was a bit troublesome.
According to Luo Zheng's plan, he wanted to secretly enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. If he could excavate the Life Origin Stone in the so-called Feather Emperor Secret Territory, he could leave immediately after obtaining it. Then, he would find a chance to return to the Central Domain.
But now, it seemed that entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was a big problem.
"Does joining the Martial House guarantee that you are qualified to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Haha," Cao Junfeng smiled faintly, "Every year, the four Divine Kingdoms will send people into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. There are four Secret Territories in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, namely the Feather Emperor Secret Territory, the Divine Emperor Secret Territory, the Dream God Secret Territory, and the last one is the Heavenly Stellar Secret Territory."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. For the four Divine Kingdoms to be able to develop to such an extent, each Divine Kingdom must have several almighty Divine Sea Realm cultivators. Presumably, the resources in these Secret Territories would not be lacking. They might not be worse than the Sin Tower and the Mysterious Cave in the Sea God Continent.
However, Luo Zheng was most concerned about the Feather Emperor Secret Territory. After all, the Feather Emperor Secret Territory was the goal of Luo Zheng's trip. Once he obtained enough Life Origin Stones in the Feather Emperor Secret Territory, he could return home.
Then, Cao Junfeng said, "If you want to enter the first three Secret Territories, you must join a Martial House. Moreover, it must be a Martial House of at least the fifth rank. In the four Divine Kingdoms, all the Martial Houses of the fifth rank and above will have a certain number of quotas. If you want to enter the Feather Emperor Secret Territory, you must obtain these quotas."
"How do I obtain a quota?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Cao Junfeng said directly, "Join a Martial House and become the most outstanding warrior in the Martial House!"
Luo Zheng was still somewhat conflicted about joining other Martial Houses. Just like when he went to the Evil Tower, the human race of the Purple Heart Holy Land invited him to join, but he was rejected by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was a nostalgic person. Although the Cloud Hall could no longer accommodate him with his current strength, Luo Zheng was still determined to be a member of the Cloud Hall.
"Besides joining a Martial House, is there no other way?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"No, unless you can fight against those Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors of the Divine Kingdoms and kill your way into the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean …" Cao Junfeng said. Then, he looked at Luo Zheng strangely and said, "With your strength, it shouldn't be difficult for you to obtain a quota if you join a Martial House."
Before they left for the Central Domain, Cao Junfeng had heard about Luo Zheng from Master Heartless. Master Heartless had told them that a super genius had appeared in the Central Domain, and he was much stronger than those Divine Kingdoms' geniuses. He had even killed a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior with just a Mid False Tribulation realm cultivation base.
A Divine Reflection realm warrior killing a Divine Core warrior wasn't something rare. Many Divine Realm geniuses were able to do it.
However, when a warrior cultivated, the higher the cultivation level, the greater the gap in their strength would be. Therefore, a Mid False Tribulation realm warrior killing a fourth level Life and Death Realm warrior was unbelievable.
Cao Junfeng was a Life and Death warrior, and every time he survived a Life and Death Tribulation, he would feel as if he had been reborn. Luo Zheng was able to challenge a Life and Death Realm warrior, it wasn't hard to imagine what kind of monstrous talent he had.
After giving it some thought, Luo Zheng finally let it go. Whatever, joining the other Martial Palaces was just a temporary measure. Right now, Ning Yudie's life was the most important thing.
Therefore, Luo Zheng made up his mind. After he entered the Divine Kingdom, he would first join a Martial Palace. He couldn't possibly fight those Combat Emperors and Combat Emperors all the way to the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean …
Just as Luo Zheng was pondering, a huge whirlpool suddenly appeared on the ocean surface in front of him.
Even though the storms in the Chaotic Astral Ocean had stopped, waves as big as mountains were still rolling around in this ocean. When the whirlpool appeared, dozens of mountain-like waves immediately appeared.
"What a huge whirlpool!"
The whirlpool in this ocean of stars was about one-tenth the size of the Central Domain. Countless white bubbles were floating around the edges of the whirlpool, and the center of the whirlpool still retained its blue color. However, the bottom of the whirlpool was pitch black, as if the bottom of the whirlpool was connected to hell!
After seeing this huge whirlpool, Cao Junfeng's expression suddenly changed. He hurriedly said, "Quick, quick, fly up! Fly up to the sky!"
Although he was enslaved by Luo Zheng, he still had his own thoughts. He couldn't resist Luo Zheng's orders, but he was still afraid of death.
(First, I wish everyone a happy New Year. Thank you for the 13000 coins!!! Thank you for the 500 coins!!! Thank you for Lonely Snow and Fu Xingu!!! Although there are many things to do during the New Year, I don't need to rest! I still need to save up my manuscripts! Your support is my only and greatest source of motivation! Thank you!)
＝＝＝＝＝