Through the slave imprint, Luo Zheng could feel Cao Junfeng's inner feelings. Moreover, there seemed to be a ferocious Demonic Beast coming into being. Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he followed Cao Junfeng up into the sky.
The area of the ocean in this world was far larger than the land, and the number of Ferocious Beasts in the ocean was thousands of times more than the creatures on the land.
Humans were not the only dominators in this world. Even in the Sea God Continent, there were various kinds of intelligent races.
Under the ocean, there were all kinds of underwater races and Ferocious Beasts everywhere. The vast ocean gave these creatures more abundant resources and room for growth.
Just like when Luo Zheng had just entered the Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb, he had also encountered high-level Ferocious Beasts comparable to the Life and Death Realm. The Heaven Mist Immortal Tomb was not very far from the Central Domain …
As for the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there were Ferocious Beasts comparable to the Divine Sea Realm, and even creatures more powerful than the Divine Sea Realm.
"Hua …"
Just as Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng were flying up rapidly, a huge black shadow suddenly appeared from the bottom of the whirlpool!
With the sound of water flowing violently, Luo Zheng saw a huge creature emerge from the water and jump up into the sky!
"What is this?!" Seeing this huge creature, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of fear.
This Ferocious Beast was not much smaller than the "Ferocious Scorpion" in the Dark Abyss Cave!
However, Luo Zheng was now in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Compared to the vast ocean, it was not as shocking as when he saw the Ferocious Scorpion in the Dark Abyss Cave.
However, the level of danger was not low.
"This is a Captive Aqua Beast! Its body is huge, and there are four of them in the Chaotic Astral Ocean! We have to keep going up. This thing can reach a height of hundreds of thousands of feet when it jumps! " Cao Junfeng was very reluctant to answer Luo Zheng's question. Right now, escaping was the most important thing. However, he had to answer Luo Zheng's question.
"Four of them? You even know this?" Luo Zheng's state of mind was a little calmer. He was not as frightened as Cao Junfeng. Of course, he still maintained his high speed and flew upwards.
"Of course. Everyone in the Divine Kingdom knows that the four Divine Kingdoms once joined forces with many Divine Sea Realm experts to capture the baby of the Cang Qiu Water Eye Beast in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Later, one of the Cang Qiu Water Eye Beasts was so angry that it rushed all the way to the continent of the Divine Kingdom of Dayu. It didn't return to the ocean until it turned one-third of the territory of the Divine Kingdom of Dayu into ruins!" Cao Junfeng explained.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was speechless.
The warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were really crazy. A Ferocious Beast of this level was definitely not something a Divine Sea Realm warrior could fight against. They even dared to enter the Chaotic Astral Sea to capture their cubs!
However, although Cao Junfeng wasn't exaggerating when he said that the Great Yu Divine Nation had lost one-third of its territory, the Great Yu Divine Nation's losses weren't that great.
Just as Cao Junfeng had said before, the important cities of the four Divine Kingdoms were built around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean in the center of the continent of the Divine Kingdoms. They were all very prosperous places around the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Each Divine Kingdom occupied one-fourth of the coastline of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
However, the periphery of the continent of the Divine Kingdoms was basically a sparsely populated area. Even if one-third of the territory was destroyed, the loss to the Divine Kingdom of Dayu was not great.
However, this also meant that the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were even crazier and greedier!
Since then, whenever the Cang Qiu Water Eye Beasts found traces of humans, they would not hesitate to jump out of the water and attack.
After the huge Cang Qiu Water Eye Beast left the water completely, it rushed towards Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng.
"Go, go! Go again! "Cao Junfeng said hurriedly.
Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng's bodies kept rising. Soon, they broke through the clouds and flew towards the deep sky.
"This … Can that guy jump so high?" The thick clouds blocked the view below. Luo Zheng looked down and asked in a daze.
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, he saw the huge monster break through the clouds and continue to chase after Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng. Its huge body disturbed the airflow and even tore a big hole in the thick clouds!
"Good heavens! Continue to rise! "Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all.
As Luo Zheng continued to rise, he suddenly saw huge gusts of wind blowing towards them.
"It's astral winds!"
These astral winds were not colorless and invisible. Around the astral winds were inlaid golden lines. These were the astral winds in the deep sky. It was said that they could crush anything that got sucked into them!
Luo Zheng had seen these astral winds more than once.
In order to cultivate the Stellar Body, one must use the gravitational force of the stars to allow one's perception and physical strength to drift hundreds of millions of miles away. Every time Luo Zheng cultivated, he had to pass through these astral winds.
However, in the past, Luo Zheng had only used his perception to pass through. This time, however, he had used his physical body.
These astral winds could almost crush everything. Even if Luo Zheng had the body of a high-grade immortal tool, he might not be able to resist them!
Facing these huge astral winds, Luo Zheng twisted his body, drawing an astonishing arc in the air, and rapidly leaped towards the bottom of the astral winds.
Seeing this, Cao Junfeng also followed closely behind.
In fact, from Cao Junfeng's point of view, he could not wait for Luo Zheng to be killed by these astral winds. No one would bear a slave imprint and become someone else's slave. He could not even control his own life, let alone an expert of the fifth layer of the Life and Death Realm.
However, he did not dare to have such thoughts. After all, Luo Zheng controlled everything about him and had the power to take his life!
Luo Zheng's rapid change of direction allowed him to avoid the astral winds above him. At the same time, the huge Watcher Beast continued to charge upwards. The violent astral winds sliced into the Watcher Beast's back, instantly creating huge gashes!
"Roar!"
The back of the Watcher Eye Beast was suddenly badly mutilated. Blood splashed down like a huge waterfall.
The Aquarius Beast glared hatefully at Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng with its huge eyes. Then, it lowered its head and plunged into the clouds below … …
Fortunately, this Watcher Eye Beast could not fly. It only relied on the power of one leap to rush up. If it could fly, perhaps Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng would not be able to keep their lives.
Standing above the clouds, Luo Zheng still had a lingering fear. He glanced at Cao Junfeng beside him and said, "You four Divine Kingdoms have such a huge grudge with this Watcher Eye Beast. This huge beast actually wanted to kill people on sight …"
Cao Junfeng also touched the sweat on his forehead. He shook his head and guessed, "Maybe the cubs of this Watcher Eye Beast were stolen by those Divine Sea Realm experts."
The blood of the Watcher Eye Beast was like a waterfall, sprinkling in the sky. Many drops of blood had already merged with the clouds. In front of Luo Zheng, a huge blood-red cloud appeared. If this cloud drifted to the Central Domain or the Divine Kingdoms, it would probably rain blood.
"I think we should go above the clouds," Luo Zheng suggested.
Even though the storms in the Chaotic Astral Ocean had temporarily stopped, it was still full of dangers.
"Above the clouds? That's even more dangerous! "A trace of fear appeared on Cao Junfeng's face.
"There's also danger above the clouds?" Luo Zheng's eyes twitched.
Just as Luo Zheng finished speaking, a bitter smile appeared on Cao Junfeng's face. "Say it's dangerous and it's here. Let's go. It's safer for us to stay below the clouds."
At this moment, in the distance of the boundless sea of clouds, several erratic black shadows flew towards them. Although they looked very vague, they could still recognize that they were huge vicious birds.
Although they didn't know the strength of these vicious birds, they knew they couldn't fight against them.
The two of them stopped talking and plunged into the sea of clouds. They returned to the bottom of the Chaotic Astral Ocean and continued to fly towards the Divine Kingdom continent …
Above the huge waves of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there was a large patch of dark red blood. Needless to say, it must have been left behind by the Watcher Eye Beast.
On the way, Luo Zheng also encountered many dangers.
For example, on the surface of the ocean, there were several reefs covered in dense fog. From those reefs came an incomparably beautiful song. That song seemed to be able to touch people's souls, making people unable to help but approach it.
Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng almost fell for it. When Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng got close to those reefs and saw several rugged black shadows faintly standing on the reefs, Luo Zheng was awakened by the Qinglong in his mind. Although he didn't know what those terrifying black shadows were, Luo Zheng also knew that once he got close to them, he would definitely die.
However, Cao Junfeng still wanted to rush in with a smile on his face.
At this time, Luo Zheng could only use the slave seal to force Cao Junfeng to follow him. Only then could he drag him back from the gates of hell …