The continent before Luo Zheng's eyes was vast and boundless. He couldn't determine the size of this Divine Kingdom's continent.
However, Luo Zheng estimated that this continent of the four Divine Kingdoms should be much larger than the Sea God Continent and the Central Domain.
"Which Divine Kingdom's territory is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
Cao Junfeng nodded slightly and replied, "Crossing the Chaotic Astral Ocean from the Central Domain, one part of the Chaotic Astral Ocean is the Li Huo Divine Kingdom, and the other part is my Yu Da Divine Kingdom. This region should be the territory of the Li Huo Divine Kingdom. Which Divine Kingdom does Master want to enter?"
"I choose the Li Huo Divine Kingdom!"
Luo Zheng didn't intend to cultivate and develop in a Divine Kingdom. His goal was very clear, to obtain the Origin Stone of Life.
Since Luo Zheng couldn't enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, he had to choose a Martial House.
The four Divine Kingdoms were extremely strange existences to Luo Zheng. Similarly, no one in the four Divine Kingdoms knew Luo Zheng. It wouldn't be like when he first entered the Sea God Continent, when he was chased by the Demon Race.
However, Luo Zheng had to pay attention to the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom.
When Luo Zheng killed the Prince of Yu Da Divine Kingdom in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, the Saintess had vowed to kill him for revenge. Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't be stupid enough to choose the Yu Da Divine Kingdom.
Although there were many people in a Divine Kingdom, experts were rare. Even False Tribulation Realm experts couldn't be found everywhere in a Divine Kingdom. If Luo Zheng chose the Yu Da Divine Kingdom, it would be troublesome if he encountered the Saintess.
Cao Junfeng didn't have any opinion on Luo Zheng's choice. He just carefully followed behind Luo Zheng. No matter what, he had narrowly escaped death in the Central Domain. Although he was now Luo Zheng's slave, as long as Luo Zheng died or didn't need him, he would eventually regain his freedom.
Just as Cao Junfeng said, the area near the sea was extremely sparsely populated. The two had been flying at high speed for a long time, but they hadn't even seen a small city, let alone a large one. This place was even more desolate than the Central Domain.
However, as the two flew forward, the surrounding cities and towns gradually increased.
Luo Zheng casually looked around and found that most of the people in these towns were ordinary mortals. Even if there were martial artists, they were only at the Xiantian level.
Naturally, he didn't stay here and continued moving forward.
As they went deeper into the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, some medium-sized cities appeared one after another. Slowly, some large cities appeared.
The layout of this Divine Kingdom was completely different from the Central Domain. In the Central Domain, there were cities scattered all over the Central Domain like chess pieces. But in the Divine Kingdom, the deeper one went, the more people there were, and the bigger the cities.
Luo Zhengcai discovered a few Martial Houses in these cities, and some of them were third-grade Martial Houses, and some were even fourth-grade Martial Houses. However, Luo Zhengcai still didn't stay. Just like Cao Junfeng had said, only fifth-grade Martial Houses and above had the qualifications to explore the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
After a few days, a huge city finally appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
At the front gate of the city, there was a three hundred zhang tall stone statue. This statue was almost as tall as a small mountain.
Seeing Luo Zheng looking at this statue, Cao Junfeng immediately told Luo Zheng, "This is the first Divine Emperor of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, the Black Iron War Emperor! The Black Iron Divine Kingdom was built by him. "
"Is he dead?" Luo Zheng asked.
A Divine Core warrior could live for a few hundred years, a False Tribulation warrior could live for one to two thousand years, and a Life and Death warrior could live for several thousand years. As for a Divine Sea warrior, their lifespan was calculated in tens of thousands of years. There was no doubt that this Divine Kingdom had many legendary giants!
"He's dead. The Black Iron Divine Kingdom is one of the oldest Divine Kingdoms. This Black Iron War Emperor lived for 13,000 years, but he still died." A regretful expression emerged on Cao Junfeng's face when he said this.
There was an invincible curse above the heads of all warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms, and that was death. No one could escape from it.
Normally, once a warrior reached the Divine Sea realm, he would be able to ascend to the Heavenly Realm and become a stronger being. But, in this world, no one could ascend to the Heavenly Realm!
It was still fine in the Central Domain. Since the ancient times, almost no one had reached the Divine Sea realm. Therefore, it didn't matter if one could ascend to the Heavenly Realm or not. The strongest warriors were only at the Life and Death realm, and most of them had died in the Life and Death Tribulation.
But, in the four Divine Kingdoms, there were a large number of Divine Sea warriors. When these Divine Sea warriors gathered together and couldn't ascend to the Heavenly Realm, their lifespan would be exhausted, and they would wither away and die from the Heavenly Decay.
As the saying went, when a warrior was born, he had to fight against the Heavens. But, in this Heavenly Realm, the Heavens were not strong enough. How were they going to fight for their lives?
This was the reason why all the mighty warriors in the Divine Kingdoms couldn't do anything about it.
In fact, many mighty warriors from the Divine Kingdoms in the Sea God Continent, such as Liu Yu, were facing the same problem.
But, the Demon Night Clan was different from the other clans. They could communicate with the Heavenly Realm. If there was something important that could attract the attention of the Demon Night Clan, they had other ways to ascend to the Heavenly Realm. Just like how the True Dragon Clan had the Rising Dragon Platform, they were able to break through this restriction.
The city in front of him was called Solitary Crane City. It was the second largest city in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, second only to the capital.
Of course, such a large city had a restriction on flying. Luo Zheng wouldn't be so arrogant as to fly directly into the city.
It wasn't until Luo Zheng entered Solitary Crane City that he felt the aura of a Divine Kingdom!
In the Central Domain, even in Apocalypse City, there were only a few dozen False Tribulation Realm warriors. In the huge Apocalypse City, there were probably more than a hundred million mortals and warriors combined. This ratio was shockingly small.
But not long after Luo Zheng entered Solitary Crane City, he encountered two or three False Tribulation Realm warriors. Judging from the ratio, the number of False Tribulation Realm warriors wasn't much higher than in Apocalypse City, but the absolute number was much higher.
"The Profound Jade Martial House in Solitary Crane City has the strength of a sixth-rank sect. It's a famous Martial House in the four Divine Kingdoms. With your current strength and cultivation, you should be able to join it," Cao Junfeng said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded his head, but he still had some doubts. "Don't Martial Houses usually recruit disciples for those with lower cultivation?"
The Blue Cloud Sect in the Central Domain only recruited disciples for beginners. Even the Cloud Hall wouldn't recruit a Divine Core disciple. Those big sects even rejected independent warriors. After all, once a person reached a certain level of cultivation and joined another sect, it would be very difficult for them to maintain their loyalty.
Cao Junfeng shook his head and smiled, "Master, you're thinking too much. The Divine Kingdom is very different from the Central Domain. In the Divine Kingdom, as long as you're in it, you're considered a member of the Divine Kingdom. The Martial House doesn't want to cultivate its own disciples, it just wants to help the Divine Kingdom."
Luo Zheng was comparing the Martial House to the Divine Kingdom, but in fact, he should be comparing the Divine Kingdom to the Martial House.
For example, if the Cloud Hall was the same as the Divine Kingdom, then the Martial House could only be considered as an elite hall within the Cloud Hall. It wasn't an independent power, so all the resources in the Martial House were given directly by the Divine Kingdom.
Even if Luo Zheng called himself an independent warrior, the Martial House wouldn't really treat Luo Zheng as an 'independent warrior'. They would still consider Luo Zheng as a member of the Divine Kingdom.
No matter how big the world was, it didn't belong to the Divine Kingdom. The moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Divine Kingdom, he would be considered as a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
Only now did Luo Zheng understand what was going on.
After asking around for a bit, Luo Zheng and Cao Junfeng found the way to the Profound Jade Martial House. After that, they headed straight towards the Profound Jade Martial House.
They couldn't fly, so they could only walk. When they were passing by a street, Luo Zheng saw a tall red city wall on their right. They could hear the faint sound of waves coming from outside the city wall, and they could even smell the salty smell of the ocean.
"There's the smell of the ocean here? Could it be … "
Luo Zheng was deep inside the Divine Kingdom's mainland, far away from the Chaotic Astral Ocean. If there was ocean water outside the city wall, then it was very likely to be the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean!
Cao Junfeng immediately nodded and said, "Master guessed correctly. This wall is the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean!"
How mysterious was the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean? Even if they couldn't enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, couldn't they even take a look?
Luo Zheng was even more puzzled.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, Cao Junfeng didn't find it strange. He just smiled and said, "The Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean is related to the ruling position of the four Divine Kingdoms. This inland sea is their exclusive domain. Ordinary warriors don't even have the qualifications to take a look!"
"And if they do?" Luo Zheng asked again.