Luo Zheng was very curious about this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean. It was just a small inland ocean, how could there be so many secret realms here?
After hearing Cao Junfeng's words, he became even more curious. What the hell was this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean? Ordinary warriors weren't even allowed to look at it? Even looking at it was a crime punishable by death!
This was simply inexplicable!
"The entire Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean is surrounded by these walls?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right. These walls are built in a circle, and they surround the entire Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean. Furthermore, they are all equipped with a No-Fly Barrier. As long as anyone breaks through the barrier, Life and Death warriors will immediately arrive …"
Building a circle of walls around an inland ocean, this was an unimaginably huge project.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was dumbfounded. Wasn't this a bit too exaggerated?
What kind of treasure was hidden in this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean? Why were they so strict about it?
But, those Combat Emperors and Combat Emperors in the Divine Kingdom weren't idiots. They must have their own reasons for doing so.
This was how humans were. The more curious they were, the more they wanted to take a look. Luo Zheng really wanted to climb over these walls and take a peek at what this Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean was!
"Don't tell me you're thinking of breaking through the No-Fly Barrier? Even if you can fight those Life and Death warriors, those Divine Sea warriors will still come for you. "Cao Junfeng warned.
Luo Zheng smiled and shook his head. Of course, he wouldn't do something so stupid. He finally understood Cao Junfeng's warning a few days ago. If he tried to break through and enter the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean by force, he would only be hunted down by those Combat Emperors. He wouldn't be able to enter the Feather Emperor's secret realm.
After that, Luo Zheng left the tall walls. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Luo Zheng finally found the legendary Profound Jade Martial Palace.
In any case, the Profound Jade Martial House was equivalent to a Martial House of a sixth-grade sect. The Martial House's entrance was also built in a very imposing manner. In front of the Profound Jade Martial House's entrance, there were countless warriors kneeling on the ground and kowtowing towards the Martial House.
Luo Zheng casually glanced around. There were over ten thousand warriors lying on the ground, and most of them were at the Divine Reflection realm or Divine Core realm. Looking at this scene, Luo Zheng furrowed his brows. "What's going on?"
Cao Junfeng shook his head and said, "This Profound Jade Martial House is the Martial Holy Land of the Black Iron Divine Nation. These martial artists want to enter, but they cannot obtain the qualifications. They only hope that their sincerity will influence the people of the Martial House and one day, they will be able to enter the Martial House."
Luo Zheng was also speechless. In order to enter a Martial House, they actually went to such lengths...
The warriors of the Central Domain could cultivate through many channels. For example, if they couldn't join a sect, they could join another sect or even become an independent warrior and cultivate on their own.
But within the Divine Kingdom, these Martial Houses that were supported by the Divine Kingdom held an absolute monopoly. If one wanted to cultivate to a higher level, there was no other way but to enter a Martial House!
In the beginning, many martial artists were unable to enter the Profound Jade Martial House and could only return home dejectedly.
Later on, there was a martial artist who didn't want to give up. He knelt in front of the Profound Jade Martial House's gate and refused to stand up.
He knelt there for ten years, rain or shine.
In the end, an Elder of the Profound Jade Martial House decided to accept him into the Martial House because of his sincerity, although he didn't have enough talent.
After that, things got out of hand.
Many martial artists who didn't have enough talent were forced to kneel here after failing to enter the Profound Jade Martial House.
Some of them knelt there for one or two years, and some of them knelt there for eight to ten years. However, the Profound Jade Martial House refused to accept these people.
A martial artist's perseverance was important, but so was their talent. As a Martial House, it was impossible for them to waste their time on these martial artists.
But, these martial artists were still trying to enter the Profound Jade Martial House with sincerity.
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. After that, he walked up the stairs leading to the Martial House's entrance and walked towards the main entrance.
Many guards were standing on both sides of the Martial House. Most of them were Divine Core warriors. When they saw Luo Zheng's False Tribulation realm cultivation base, and the Life and Death warrior following behind Luo Zheng, their expressions were filled with respect.
Most likely, he was a young master from some big family, and he had brought his old servant here to register.
Since Luo Zheng was able to make a Life and Death warrior his old servant, the family behind him must be very powerful. He might even be a relative of the Emperor!
Even so, one of the guards still stopped Luo Zheng. With a polite smile on his face, the guard asked Luo Zheng, "May I ask what brings you to the Profound Jade Martial House?"
"I want to participate in the Profound Jade Martial House's exam." Luo Zheng said with an indifferent tone.
"Exam?" The few guards looked at each other, then one of them said, "The Profound Jade Martial House has an exam every month, but it's not today. The next exam will be held in half a month's time, and to participate in the exam, you need to …"
After that, the guard told Luo Zheng about the exam in detail.
What Luo Zheng was worried about didn't happen. Just like what Cao Junfeng had said, as long as one was in the Divine Nation, they would be considered one of its citizens. The Profound Jade Martial House didn't reject Luo Zheng, as long as he passed the exam, he would be considered a member of the Martial House!
Furthermore, the Martial House wasn't a sect, and there were no restrictions or requirements for Luo Zheng.
Rather than saying that one would become a disciple of the Martial House upon entering, it was more accurate to say that after becoming a member of the Martial House, one would become a partner of the Martial House. The relationship between both parties wasn't one of obedience, it was an equal partnership.
In fact, the four Divine Kingdoms were also competing with each other. In addition to the Heavenly Star Secret Domain, the Divine Kingdoms had invested a lot of manpower and resources into the other three secret domains. Therefore, the competition between the four Divine Kingdoms was extremely intense. Under such competition, the various benefits of the Martial House were naturally increased.
Luo Zheng nodded, then left with Cao Junfeng. Since he was here, he would act according to the plan step by step. There were some things that couldn't be rushed.
Today, Luo Zheng temporarily left.
In half a month's time, Luo Zheng roughly inspected the internal structure of the Black Iron Divine Nation, and his thoughts became clearer.
There were a total of two grade six Martial Houses in the Black Iron Divine Nation. One was the capital of the Black Iron Divine Nation, and the other was the Profound Jade Martial House.
Both Martial Houses held the quotas to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, but in order to obtain these quotas, one had to become a top existence in the Martial House!
This was because the cultivators who entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean were at least Life and Death experts. Even if Luo Zheng passed the assessment and obtained a good result in the Martial House, if he wanted to obtain a quota to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, he had to compete with those Life and Death experts.
Luo Zheng had already expected this situation, but he was still calm. In addition to cultivating, he even bought some books to understand the customs and customs of the four Divine Nations.
The more he understood, the more advantageous it would be for Luo Zheng. Opportunities were always given to those who were prepared. This trip to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was related to Ning Yudie's life, so Luo Zheng couldn't afford to lose.
Comparatively speaking, this trip to the Divine Nations was much more comfortable than the trip to the Sea God Continent.
However, Luo Zheng was also clear that he still had to face competition with many powerhouses.
Half a month later, Luo Zheng followed the instructions and signed up. After receiving a nameplate, he was finally able to enter the Profound Jade Martial House.
However, just as Luo Zheng entered, four Life and Death experts suddenly rushed over from behind him. Seeing Luo Zheng in front of them, one of them shouted, "Get lost!"
Hearing the voice behind him, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Just as he turned his head, he was greeted with a whip!
He frowned, but Cao Junfeng took the initiative to twist the whip. Luo Zheng's gaze fell on a person behind the four Life and Death experts. It was a young master wearing a brocade robe. He looked to be seventeen or eighteen years old, but his cultivation was already at the late stage of False Tribulation Realm.
＝＝＝＝＝