This brocade-robed young master had red lips and white teeth. His bearing was out of the ordinary.
Being able to have four Life and Death Realm guards, his status was probably not much lower than the Divine Kingdom Prince Luo Zheng had encountered in the Sky Mist Immortal Tomb.
This young master should be an important figure in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. At the very least, he should be at the level of a prince. Luo Zheng guessed in his heart.
He had just entered the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and was unfamiliar with the place. Therefore, he had been very careful along the way, lest he got into trouble.
However, even though Luo Zheng tried his best to avoid trouble, trouble still came looking for him.
The youth coldly glanced at Luo Zheng, his eyes full of provocation. At the same time, he coldly asked, "Are you also participating in the assessment?"
Luo Zheng's mind turned, but he suppressed his emotions. A smile even appeared on his face, "Yes."
"Not bad, my Black Iron Divine Kingdom has an independent cultivator with such a solid foundation. Follow me, I also want to participate in this round of the Profound Jade Martial House's assessment." Luo Zheng did not expect such a sentence to come out of the youth's mouth.
Martial Houses were not like sects. In fact, they gathered cultivators like this to select the younger generation with good strength to compete with other Divine Kingdoms in the Secret Territory.
If it were the Cloud Hall, perhaps they would only recruit cultivators from within the Cloud Hall. However, Divine Kingdoms had a different way of thinking. In their view, as long as one had the strength, they could enter the Secret Territory and excavate the treasures inside.
Follow this youth?
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, but he shook his head and refused this request.
"Sorry, I'm used to being alone. I'm not used to being someone's follower." Luo Zheng replied in a neither servile nor overbearing manner.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a Life and Death Realm expert shouted at Luo Zheng, "How dare you! My family's young master wants you to follow him because he thinks highly of you!"
Luo Zheng's expression did not change in the slightest. Instead, he indifferently replied, "Since you think highly of me, why force me?"
That young man stared at Luo Zheng with interest for a while, and then laughed, "Good, you've got guts. Let's go!"
Immediately after, the four Life and Death experts surrounded the youngster and left. On the contrary, a surprised look appeared on Luo Zheng's face. The worst case scenario was to fight on the spot. The four Life and Death experts had all crossed two or even three life and death calamities. It would not be easy for them to kill Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was afraid of alerting the Spirit Sea Realm warriors in the city. In front of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to escape easily.
Looking at the youth's departing figure, Cao Junfeng let out a sigh of relief. He said to Luo Zheng, "Fortunately, you restrained yourself."
"What? Who is that guy? "Luo Zheng asked.
Cao Junfeng said, "If I'm not mistaken, that young man is King Yan of the Black Iron Divine Nation."
"Prince Yan? He's already a King at his age? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng had learned about the customs of the four Divine Nations from Cao Junfeng. Judging from the structure of the Divine Nations, they were very similar to the imperial courts in the secular world.
However, it was extremely difficult for a Divine Nation's Prince to be a King.
The national weapons of the Divine Nations were all in the hands of the Spirit Sea Realm warriors. The Monarch of each Divine Nation had to step into the Spirit Sea Realm to be able to control the overall situation.
The lifespan of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior was very long. Their lifespan was measured in tens of thousands of years. The number of their children was extremely large. It was said that the Monarch of the Great Yu Divine Nation had tens of thousands of sons!
These tens of thousands of sons were tens of thousands of Princes.
From the moment they were born, these Princes had to compete with others for their father's favor. Some Princes didn't even have a chance to talk to their father in their entire life!
Therefore, the competition between Princes was much more difficult and cruel than the competition between ordinary warriors!
Ordinary people without strength could still live a good life. However, Princes without strength had a fate worse than ordinary people.
This Prince was able to be a King at such a young age. Of course, his strength couldn't be underestimated.
"This King Yan is the pride of the Black Iron Divine Nation. Hehe, among the younger generation of the Black Iron Divine Nation, his status is second only to the Crown Prince. You better not have any conflicts with him. Although it's easy to deal with him now, if you offend those Spirit Sea Realm warriors, you'll have to bear the consequences!" Cao Junfeng warned.
Luo Zheng nodded his head, then he started walking towards the direction King Yan left.
In the Martial Palace, one could see many Warriors everywhere. From the most basic Xiantian realm warriors to the Divine Core realm, it wasn't rare to see them. There were so many of them, and all of them were in a hurry. They rarely paid attention to anything else.
Even when they noticed that Luo Zheng was a Void Tribulation warrior, and that he was followed by a Life and Death warrior, they only took a quick glance at him, then carefully lowered their heads and left. They didn't pay much attention to anyone else.
Following his instructions, Luo Zheng found the courtyard where the examination was held.
From the entrance of the Martial Palace to the foot of the mountain, there were countless courtyards lined up in a straight line.
Of course, those who came here to register were all independent warriors. However, because of the different realms of warriors, the places where they registered were all different.
The courtyard with the largest number of people was where the Xiantian realm warriors were. There was a long line in the middle of the courtyard, and the end of the line couldn't be seen. It looked like the long and narrow line was circling around the foot of the mountain. With a rough estimation, there were at least several tens of thousands of people.
"Why are there so many people registering? How long do we have to wait?" Luo Zheng looked at the long line and asked in a puzzled manner.
"Hehe, it's normal to line up for one or two months here. But, since you've already broken through to the Xiantian realm, it's nothing to line up for one or two months in order to enter the Martial Palace." Cao Junfeng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded his head. In the open space outside the Martial Palace, some people had been kneeling for years, or even dozens of years, just to enter the Martial Palace.
The courtyard next to the Xiantian realm warriors was where the Divine Radiant realm warriors were recruited. There were many Divine Radiant realm warriors here as well, and the end of the long line was also nowhere to be seen. It was just that there were fewer Divine Radiant realm warriors compared to the Xiantian realm warriors.
Next to the courtyard was where the Divine Core warriors were recruited. There weren't many Divine Core warriors here, only a few hundred of them.
It looked like even in the Divine Kingdom, only a small number of people were able to break through to the Divine Core realm.
As for the courtyard opposite of Luo Zheng, there were only a few people who were recruited. There was no need to line up at all.
In the Divine Kingdom, those who broke through to the Void Tribulation realm were considered to have made a name for themselves. However, they weren't like those in the Central Domain, where they could almost rule over an entire region.
The reason why those warriors below the Void Tribulation realm were recruited into the Martial Palace was because of the resources, cultivation techniques, pills, secret cultivation rooms, and so on …
These resources were all established by the Divine Kingdoms, so they were extremely attractive to martial artists. The higher the rank of the Martial House, the more outstanding the resources would be. This was also the reason why so many low level martial artists would fight to enter a Martial House.
However, things were different for Void Tribulation warriors.
Void Tribulation warriors had walked the path of cultivation for a very long time, and ordinary cultivation places weren't very useful for them.
For example, the Tower of Sin was a divine item that could give birth to mighty warriors, but it could only allow a warrior to cultivate until he reached the peak of Combat Sovereign realm. After reaching the Void Tribulation realm, one had to rely on themselves to move forward. They could only train themselves in life and death situations, and slowly make breakthroughs in adversity. If one could find a good opportunity during this process, it would be the perfect path to enlightenment.
All the Void Tribulation warriors who came to participate in the exam had the same goal as Luo Zheng; to represent the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and enter the Ocean of Miracles!
Amongst these Void Tribulation warriors, a small portion of them were independent warriors, and the rest were warriors from other Martial Palaces. For example, some Void Tribulation warriors from Third Grade or Fourth Grade Martial Palaces. Their Martial Palaces couldn't give them a spot to enter the Ocean of Miracles, so they had to choose a higher ranked Martial Palace.
Of course, jumping from one Martial Palace to another didn't mean betrayal. After all, they all belonged to the same Divine Kingdom, and it was the same as jumping from the Elite Palace of the Cloud Hall to another Palace.
Right after Luo Zheng entered the courtyard, a Divine Core girl came up to him and greeted him. She had a nice attitude, and asked if Luo Zheng wanted to participate in the exam and fight for the Black Iron Order.
The Black Iron Order was the order to enter the Ocean of Miracles. According to the rules set by the four Divine Kingdoms, each Divine Kingdom could only issue a certain number of orders every year, and these orders were the same as the order to enter the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean. Therefore, the order issued by the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was naturally the Great Yu Order.