As soon as they entered the red circle, many Void Tribulation Realm warriors rushed towards the center of the red circle.
The diameter of the red circle was only a few dozen feet. For Void Tribulation Realm warriors, they could cross it in one step. Every warrior knew that the moment they entered, they had to occupy an advantageous position to prevent others from squeezing them out.
"Get lost! This is my spot! "A warrior who was as sturdy as a gorilla roared.
This warrior stood firmly in the center of the red circle. After the other warriors failed to snatch the red circle, they stared fiercely at the sturdy warrior. However, this sturdy warrior was at the peak of the late stage of the Void Tribulation Realm. His temples were bulging, and a heavy aura was emitted from his body. It seemed that he cultivated an extremely overbearing cultivation method. No one dared to compete with him directly.
After the 30 people chose their spots, a Divine Sea Realm warrior announced, "The first round, begin!"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Just as the Divine Sea Realm warrior gave the order, the True Essence in all the warriors' bodies erupted at the same time!
"Huh?"
On the contrary, Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
When the True Essence erupted, it seemed that all the aura was contained in the red circle!
Seeing the hundreds of warriors' expressions of indifference, Luo Zheng felt relieved. The Divine Nation had developed for so many years. It must have improved a lot compared to the Central Domain. It seemed that he was just not knowledgeable enough.
Not to mention other things, if Void Tribulation Realm warriors used their full strength, what kind of place could withstand the destruction?
If 30 Void Tribulation Realm warriors fought with their full strength, not to mention this square, they could probably destroy the entire Martial House in an instant …
It seemed that all the strangeness lay in the floor inlaid with various patterns and the red circle.
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, the Void Tribulation Realm warriors in the red circle began to make their moves.
The rules were very simple. As long as they could blast the opponent out of the red circle, they could prevent themselves from being blasted out.
"Hehe, the sturdy warrior in the middle is probably out of luck," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Although his voice was soft, the surrounding Void Tribulation Realm martial artists heard it. The Void Tribulation Realm martial artists immediately revealed looks of contempt.
Luo Zheng didn't know that the False Tribulation Realm martial artist in the center of the red circle was the same as Luo Zheng, an independent martial artist who had been famous for a long time. The sturdy martial artist cultivated both energy and body, and the cultivation method he cultivated was even more domineering and powerful.
In the eyes of many people, since this robust cultivator had chosen to participate in the test, then obtaining a Darksteel Token was something that was set in stone.
Therefore, when they heard Luo Zheng's words, they felt that Luo Zheng was too ignorant.
However, just as Luo Zheng finished speaking, there was a sudden change in the red circle!
There were only a total of 30 False Tribulation Realm cultivators in the red circle. However, just as the assessment began, nearly half of them suddenly attacked that sturdy cultivator!
No matter how powerful this sturdy cultivator was, how could he fight against more than a dozen False Tribulation Realm cultivators by himself?
However, the red circle was so small that the distance between False Tribulation Realm cultivators could only be considered "half a step". It was difficult for the sturdy cultivator to find a place to dodge, so he could only fight head-on!
The sturdy cultivator's expression changed drastically. He suddenly shouted and circulated his astral essence, forcefully resisting the attack of more than half of the False Tribulation Realm cultivators.
"Ha!"
"Bang!"
The disparity in strength between the two was not small!
More than a dozen False Tribulation Realm martial artists attacked together. The sturdy cultivator was like a kite with a broken string, directly blasted out of the red circle!
"Pfff pfff pfff …"
At the same time, the sturdy cultivator spat out a mouthful of blood that spilled all over the ground.
In less than a breath of time, the most popular figure had been eliminated, which made many martial artists' eyes pop out.
The three Divine Sea Realm experts looked at each other with a faint smile on their faces. The three of them seemed to have already expected this.
As for the few martial artists who previously mocked Luo Zheng, they glanced at Luo Zheng in surprise. They felt strange in their hearts. This guy's vision was quite sharp.
There were so many martial artists present. Perhaps only the three Divine Sea Realm experts and Luo Zheng could see this point.
Although the rules set by the Profound Jade Martial House were simple, in order to participate and gain the upper hand, in addition to strength, a certain amount of scheming was required.
Everyone was in the red circle. In the end, there would only be three people left. No one was willing to be squeezed out by others, so everyone's target was not the weakest person!
This was because every martial artist had an evaluation of their opponent. You look weaker than me? Good, you are not a big threat to me. Naturally, I will not deal with you personally. You will either be dealt with by others, or I will deal with you when most of the eliminated people are gone! In any case, you are weaker than me. Sooner or later, I will deal with you. Why waste my energy in the beginning?
Therefore, everyone's initial goal was not to squeeze out the weakest person, but to be the strongest!
Under this logic, who was the unluckiest?
Naturally, it was the guy who looked the strongest! Especially the most arrogant one, the one who dared to occupy the most advantageous terrain!
As a result, the sturdy cultivator who occupied the center at the beginning was unlucky. He was directly expelled from the red circle by more than a dozen False Tribulation Realm martial artists.
These martial artists joined forces in an instant only out of an instinctive fear.
In fact, this kind of rule was not conducive to the competition for the strongest. Unless one had absolute strength, the strongest person would become everyone's target from the beginning.
However, Luo Zheng understood the Profound Jade Martial House's intention after a second thought.
A martial artist's strength, cultivation, and strength were only a part of it. Strength also included luck and brains. Many times, even if one's strength was strong, they would still be killed by the opponent's schemes. That sturdy cultivator belonged to the typical type of person who had strength but no brains.
Of course, it could not be said that he was completely brainless. After all, there were not many martial artists who could see through the hidden mystery of this rule. Therefore, didn't it mean that everyone was brainless?
It could only be said that one could not be too arrogant. Staying low-key was the way to go.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Immediately after, all the martial artists in the red circle began to engage in a chaotic battle.
That Divine Sea Realm powerhouse had also warned that no one was allowed to kill in the red circle. Therefore, everyone restrained themselves. Firstly, no one used weapons. Secondly, everyone's goal was to force the opponent out of the red circle, not to injure or kill.
Of course, when martial artists fought, it was unavoidable to injure others. Some of the martial artists were directly knocked unconscious by the combined attacks of several people. Then, they were kicked out of the red circle like a broken sack.
This chaotic battle lasted for the time it took for a stick of incense to burn. At the beginning, it was the peak time for people to be eliminated. Some people were directly blasted out, some were knocked out and thrown out, and some were timid and had no choice but to leave the red circle.
As the number of people in the red circle began to decrease, the remaining ten or so martial artists began to wander around carefully. They were looking for opportunities to blast their opponents out of the red circle and avoid being blasted out themselves.
How fast were the movements of Void Tribulation Realm martial artists? The ten or so figures were like shadows, swaying back and forth. However, there were still people who were blasted out of the red circle from time to time.
In the end, when there were only six martial artists left, very few of them were blasted out. At this time, everyone was even more cautious! Among the six martial artists, if three of them could stay, they had a 50% chance of passing the assessment!
For a time, there were even fewer people fighting each other.
However, if these Void Tribulation Realm martial artists did not fight, the Martial House naturally had ways to make them fight! Unexpectedly, the red circle began to shrink!
The red circle shook faintly and began to shrink towards the center. The shrinking speed was not slow. It was about the same speed as an old man strolling on the street.
The red circle continued to shrink towards the center. The range was getting smaller and smaller. Naturally, the space for movement was also getting smaller. Finally, some of the six martial artists became anxious.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The martial artist who lost his cool first was the first to be blasted out of the red circle.
Immediately after, the remaining two martial artists were also blasted out in an instant …
The outcome of the first round of assessment was decided. The remaining three martial artists became the winners of the first round.
＝＝＝＝＝