After the 30 False Tribulation Realm warriors went through the first round of assessment, everyone understood the rules. First, they had to run. Secondly, they had to keep a low profile.
Therefore, the warriors who had yet to enter the red circle began to size each other up!
Many of them memorized the opponents in their hearts. If they encountered such an opponent in the red circle, they had to eliminate him immediately.
As a result, some of the famous warriors at the peak of the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm smiled bitterly.
Originally, their strength was strong enough to participate in the assessment, which should have been a big advantage. They did not expect that it would become a big disadvantage.
Everyone knew how to hide their strength. The problem was that many of these people's strengths were known by others. What was the point of hiding?
Many of them secretly sized up Yan Wang. Although this young Yan Wang was not from the Black Jade Martial House, he had obtained his own fief early on. His strength was almost second only to the Divine Kingdom's crown prince. Everyone was wondering if Yan Wang would be eliminated. If 29 False Tribulation Realm warriors fought against Yan Wang at the same time, would he be able to withstand it?
How could Yan Wang not notice the gazes of these False Tribulation Realm warriors and the meaning behind their gazes?
He only snorted indifferently. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly as he mumbled, "Only the weak will try their best!" Since he had chosen to go to the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean in the name of a King, if he could not pass this assessment, he would be ashamed of his surname!
Luo Zheng still looked at the scene indifferently. The current situation was the most advantageous for Luo Zheng. Firstly, his cultivation was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Secondly, he was not famous in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. It was impossible for anyone to notice him. Now, he only needed to bide his time and not make a move.
"Hehe, these guys already know how to play this game," a Divine Sea Realm warrior said with a smile.
"Let's see if there are some powerful kids this year. When we entered the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean last year, our Divine Kingdom's harvest was the last. If this continues, I'm afraid it will be troublesome. I hope our Black Jade Martial House warriors can be accounted for this year!" a Divine Sea Realm warrior said with a worried face.
The Divine Kingdom had spent a lot of resources to build the Martial House. It was not without a price! Their goal was naturally for the Martial House to nurture more elites and then enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea to 'mine' for ores. This would be a great return to the Scandinavian Empire and then develop the Martial House. This was a virtuous cycle!
It was because of this virtuous cycle that the four Divine Kingdoms were able to establish Martial Houses that were comparable to Holy Lands! That was why the four Divine Kingdoms were able to become so powerful.
After the three Spirit Sea Realm warriors chatted for a while, one of them took out the list again and started to call names.
"Bo Sifan!"
"Ao Gang!"
"Wan Jun …"
"Zhao …"
After the Spirit Sea Realm warrior finished reading, Luo Zheng looked at the red circle that had returned to its original size. His name was still not on this round.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry. It would always be his turn.
The second round of assessment soon began, and everyone once again paid attention to the battles within the red circle.
This round of assessment was a little faster than the first round. In less than the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the thirty people were quickly decided. The other twenty-seven people left resentfully, while the remaining three people were in high spirits.
Then came the third round, the fourth round, the fifth round …
After seven rounds, Luo Zheng finally heard his name.
"Luo Tianxing!" The Spirit Sea Realm warrior read out Luo Zheng's pseudonym.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and then stepped forward.
Everyone's eyes lingered on Luo Zheng for a while, and then they looked away. After all, Luo Zheng was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and his face was unfamiliar to them. This kind of guy was no threat to them, so they didn't pay attention to him at all. They thought that even if this guy called Luo Tianxing could survive in the red circle, he would still be eliminated in the end!
On the contrary, King Yan revealed a smile on his face. This smile was directed at Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng pretended not to see it.
The three Spirit Sea Realm warriors sized up Luo Zheng with a strange look on their faces.
"This independent warrior seems to have a very solid foundation. I'm afraid his strength is comparable to the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm!" A Spirit Sea Realm warrior said with certainty.
Another Spirit Sea Realm warrior nodded, "I don't know where this guy's master is, but he gives me a faint pressure. This guy will never be defeated by a late stage False Tribulation Realm warrior!"
"Hehe, you two are so conservative," the last False Tribulation Realm warrior said, "I think this guy can defeat a late stage False Tribulation Realm warrior!"
The Spirit Sea Realm warriors' evaluation of Luo Zheng was already very good. Even in the four Divine Kingdoms, there were not many examples of a False Tribulation Realm warrior defeating a Life and Death Realm warrior. After all, the gap between the two was too big!
Therefore, the three Spirit Sea Realm warriors could only come up with such an evaluation.
But they didn't expect that Luo Zheng had defeated Cui Xie, who was at the fourth level of the Life and Death Realm, with his own strength!
It was also for this reason that Luo Zheng lured Heartless Master to the Central Domain. If they didn't see it with their own eyes, it would be hard for ordinary people to believe it. Even though these Spirit Sea Realm warriors had sharp eyes, they still underestimated Luo Zheng's strength.
The Spirit Sea Realm warrior read out the names one by one. The 30 warriors were basically confirmed.
However, when he read out the last name, "Prince of Yan", the other 28 warriors couldn't help but tremble, except for Luo Zheng, who remained calm.
Everyone had long heard of the King of Yan's ability. No one was willing to encounter the King of Yan in the red circle. The other twenty-nine martial artists only had one choice, which was to gather everyone's strength and eliminate the King of Yan first.
Seeing everyone's fearful eyes, Prince of Yan smiled faintly. Then, as if nothing had happened, he stepped into the center of the red circle!
Since the first round of assessment, when that muscular warrior was driven out of the red circle by more than a dozen people, very few people were willing to occupy the center of the red circle.
Although the center of the red circle was the most advantageous territory, it was also the target of public criticism. Wasn't it courting death to occupy this position?
However, the King of Yan stood in the middle as if nothing had happened. He glanced at the other martial artists in the red circle indifferently. There was a contemptuous smile on his face. He wanted to prove that he had the real ability and that he could crush the other 29 people by himself!
A hyena might encounter resistance when it entered a flock of sheep. But what about a lion?
If the "powerful warriors" targeted in the previous rounds were hyenas, the flock of sheep still had the strength to resist. But now, Prince of Yan was the lion that entered the flock of sheep. The flock of sheep had no other choice but to run away in front of him.
Seeing that the Spirit Sea Realm warrior from the Martial House hadn't announced the start of the assessment, Prince of Yan said directly, "There will only be one winner in this round of assessment! I will drive the other 29 out! "
Hearing Prince of Yan's words, many warriors in the red circle were shocked. They looked at Prince of Yan with a trace of fear on their faces.
Previously, if some warriors were too aggressive, the other warriors would unite against a common enemy. But now, everyone looked hesitant. With Prince of Yan's strength, would it be useful for them to unite?
Luo Zheng stood in a corner of the red circle. He shook his head slightly. Prince of Yan was very smart. He was famous and couldn't hide his strength. So, he did the opposite. He might as well be arrogant to the end!
With such arrogance, he would disturb the mentality of the other warriors. If they were really afraid of Prince of Yan, it would be difficult for them to unite to fight against him!
However, one must have the strength to be arrogant. If Prince of Yan's strength wasn't enough, the other warriors in the False Tribulation Realm weren't fools. No one would listen to him.
With the command of the Spirit Sea Realm warrior, this round of assessment finally began.
The warriors who were eliminated and those who hadn't participated in the assessment started to discuss the situation.
"Who do you think will be the first to be eliminated? Will it be Prince of Yan? "
"Prince of Yan is so powerful. Who dares to make trouble for him? I guess it will most likely be that guy called Luo Tianxing, a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Hehe … "
"I also think it will be him. Look at his body. How can he withstand the attacks of others? He will be sent flying with one punch! "
"Look, someone is making trouble for him. I guess he will be eliminated!"
Just as everyone was discussing, a warrior in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm suddenly rushed towards Luo Zheng. That warrior looked even more ferocious. He said to Luo Zheng coldly, "You, you will be eliminated first!"