Luo Zheng wanted to keep a low profile as much as possible and not reveal his strength. He wanted to be one of the last three people to remain in the red circle.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, this was not difficult. Although the red circle was small, Luo Zheng only needed to keep dodging, even though he had to face a group of warriors in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
Moreover, with his cultivation, he was not the center of attention and would not become the target of others.
However, this guy in front of him attacked him for no reason and wanted to kick him out. This made Luo Zheng somewhat puzzled.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng's figure floated and stepped on the edge of the red circle to bypass it.
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had been facing that warrior with a faint smile on his face and remained quite calm.
Logically speaking, that guy should have given up after dodging one attack. Luo Zheng did not want to find trouble and did not even launch a counterattack.
Who knew that the other party would not give up and followed Luo Zheng closely. The fist radiance in his hand became brighter, and he looked like he would not give up until he kicked Luo Zheng out!
"You're out!" That person sneered as he attacked Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng did not say a word. Afterimages stepped on the edge of the red circle and swept past, avoiding the other party's attacks one after another. However, his heart sank slightly. There was something wrong with this guy!
The other party had completely given up on defense. Under such an all-out attack, it would be easy for others to kick him out.
Luo Zheng had no enmity with him. There was no need for this person to attack him. This meant that he had completely given up the opportunity to pass the assessment and was desperately trying to drag him out!
Who ordered him to do this?
Luo Zheng glanced at the King of Yan from the corner of his eyes.
The King of Yan stood in the center of the red circle with his hands behind his back. Faint light particles revolved around him slowly.
Although the surrounding False Tribulation Realm warriors were fighting fiercely, no one dared to attack the King of Yan. The King of Yan's gaze was fixed on Luo Zheng!
"It's really this guy!"
Luo Zheng's face darkened slightly. Since he entered the Martial House, he had been targeted by this guy. He had been looking for trouble with him time and time again. What was the meaning of this?
Did he send someone to test my strength?
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it would only take him a blink of an eye to deal with this guy who had been chasing him. However, Luo Zheng could not help hesitating.
From Luo Zheng's point of view, using the most low-key method to obtain the Black Iron Token and then using the Black Iron Token to enter the Skyfeather Saint Sea and obtain the Life Origin Stone was the best possible result!
............
................................
"It seems that no one dares to make things difficult for the Prince of Yan. No one dares to touch him even if he stands there! ........................
"Of course. Among the younger generation, the King of Yan is a top expert. Other than the Crown Prince, there is also the genius from the Black Name Martial House, Xiao Daoyuan. He is the King of Yan, right? However, the three of them have not won yet. If the three of them fight, I think the King of Yan has a high chance of winning. "
"The King of Yan's gaze seems to be focused on that unfamiliar young man."
"That young man has already run around the red circle seven or eight times. He has been fleeing all the way. He doesn't even know how to fight back. How embarrassing!"
At this moment, a young man in his early twenties looked at the battle in the red circle and said indifferently, "Embarrassing? Humph. He has been chased by a Late False Tribulation Realm warrior for so long and has not even been touched by his sleeve. If this is embarrassing, then I don't know what is not embarrassing! "
The young man who spoke was the strongest among the younger generation of the Black Jade Martial House. His name was Zhan Yun. If the younger generation of the Black Iron Divine Nation had to be ranked, he would be in the first echelon with the Crown Prince, the King of Yan, and the Black Name Martial House's Xiao Daoyuan.
Originally, Luo Zheng was the inconspicuous type. He was not born in the Black Jade Martial House. He was just an independent warrior and his cultivation was only at the Middle Stage of the Flying Void Tribulation Realm. Of course, Luo Zheng would not attract attention.
Because of Zhan Yun's words, everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. They were full of doubts. "Is this guy as strong as Zhan Yun said?"
In fact, not only Zhan Yun, but also the three Divine Sea Realm warriors who were watching the battle at the side. They also looked at Luo Zheng.
Those mighty figures of the Spirit Sea Realm didn't pay much attention to Prince of Yan's performance. After all, Prince of Yan had been famous for a long time. It was certain that he would get the Dark Iron Token. Besides, even if Prince of Yan was expelled from the red circle by the other 29 people and lost the qualification to compete for the Dark Iron Token, as the son of the Monarch, how could he not get a Dark Iron Token with his great talent and strength?
These Divine Sea Realm warriors paid attention to the new warriors, such as Luo Zheng.
Of course, although there were many independent warriors who grew up outside the Martial House, their quality could not be compared with the geniuses of the Martial House. These Divine Sea Realm warriors did not expect Luo Zheng to have the strength of a genius like King of Yan.
Currently, there were only four False Tribulation Realm warriors in the Black Iron Divine Nation who could enter the first echelon. There were 36 people who could enter the second echelon.
The 40 people in the first and second echelon would definitely have the Black Iron Token. After all, there were 100 Black Iron Tokens in the Profound Jade Martial House and the Black Name Martial House. There were also geniuses in the other two or three Rank Five Martial Houses.
Luo Zheng could enter the third echelon and get the Black Iron Token, which was a good thing for the Profound Jade Martial House.
It was a pity that there were few independent warriors in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Even if there were, the three Divine Sea Realm warriors would have checked their names. On the contrary, this warrior named Luo Tianxing was a stranger to them.
In other words, this warrior came out of nowhere and seemed to be quite strong...
Luo Zheng moved around the red circle in circles. He was in a dilemma. He didn't want to fight, but he couldn't get rid of this guy. He was hoping that someone would kick this guy out. However, during this chase, many warriors were kicked out, but no one dared to do anything to the guy behind him.
This could not go on.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. Like a snake, he twisted his body and dashed toward the center of the red circle.
As he sprinted, Luo Zheng deliberately avoided the King of Yan. However, Luo Zheng did not expect that the King of Yan, who was originally standing still at the same spot, would smile faintly when Luo Zheng approached the center of the red circle. Then, he turned one of his hands into a claw and waved it gently. Three sharp claw prints shot towards Luo Zheng in the air.
The claw prints were extremely fast and blocked Luo Zheng's left, middle, and right paths. If Luo Zheng wanted to pass through, he could only face them head-on.
As for the guy who was following Luo Zheng, his aura was even stronger. He was determined to force Luo Zheng into a desperate situation.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He shuttled through space for a distance and walked out from the other side of the red circle.
The three claw prints that King of Yan swung out casually naturally missed their target. However, they went straight for the ancient martial art practitioner behind him.
At this moment, no one expected that Luo Zheng could travel through space directly. Even King of Yan revealed a surprised expression. The ancient martial art practitioner who was chasing after Luo Zheng didn't expect this at all. He collided head-on with King of Yan's claw prints.
"Puff! Puff!
Puff! "The three sharp claw prints instantly cut through the ancient martial art practitioner's robe. Then, a crisp sound was heard. It seemed that the ancient martial art practitioner's protective armor was also cut into pieces. Then, dark red blood flowed out from the ancient martial art practitioner's body.
When King of Yan saw that he had accidentally injured his own people, he only snorted coldly. He didn't care about the ancient martial art practitioner's life or death. His gaze once again followed Luo Zheng.
No one knew what he was thinking. Although his attack didn't hit, he didn't chase after Luo Zheng. Instead, he stood still at the same spot.
With no one chasing after him, Luo Zheng instantly felt much more relaxed.
Now, there were only over ten people left in the red circle. These people were still fighting fiercely with each other.