Under this kind of crazy competition, there were martial artists being kicked out one after another.
Due to Luo Zheng's vigilance, whenever someone tried to lock on to his target, he would suddenly move away from the other people's attack range.
In this red circle, no one had a clear target. Everyone would be eliminated. In the end, only three people would be left. Very few people would chase after Luo Zheng.
However, during this process, King Yan's eyes were fixed on him like a poisonous snake. This made Luo Zheng very unhappy.
Of course, like King Yan, the three Divine Sea Realm experts also focused their attention on Luo Zheng.
"He is proficient in the Law of Space and seems to have completed Level Two. This guy has great potential!"
"Based on the strength he has shown, he can be considered a god-level genius. He can stand in the third tier of the Black Iron Divine Nation and be at the top of the third tier!"
"Such a person should be given a Black Iron Order. But I am a little worried …"
With the insight of the three Divine Sea Realm experts, how could they not see that King Yan was targeting Luo Zheng?
"King Yan has said that he is the only one who can get a Black Iron Order in this round. I am afraid that he will do as he says. I am worried that he will attack Luo Tianxing."
"Alas, such a person rarely appears among the independent warriors. I hope he can pass the assessment."
"I am afraid it will be a little difficult. There are only four people in the first tier of the Black Iron Divine Nation. There is a huge gap between the first tier and the second tier. Unless Luo Tianxing is at the top of the second tier, he might be able to contend with King Yan!"
Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know that the three Divine Sea Realm experts were worried about him.
King Yan had developed a strong interest in Luo Zheng. During this assessment, he would also pay attention to the new powerful warriors of the younger generation.
He originally planned to look for them in the Black Jade Martial House. However, the guy named Zhan Yun, who ranked first in the Black Jade Martial House, was on the Crown Prince's side. King Yan couldn't rope him in. However, this Luo Zheng in front of him …
King Yan's talent in judging people was very impressive. He had completely inherited this from his father. From the first time he saw Luo Zheng, he knew that Luo Zheng's strength was not simple.
Those mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm could only evaluate Luo Zheng based on his performance. Luo Zheng's strength could only be ranked at the top of the third echelon. However, in the eyes of King Yan, this guy who kept running away was deliberately trying to hide his strength!
According to his preliminary estimation, Luo Zheng's strength might not be able to enter the first echelon, but it shouldn't be much of a problem for him to enter the second echelon.
More importantly, this person was previously unknown. Of course, he would not be roped in by the Crown Prince. How could the King of Yan let go of such a fish that escaped the net?
The only thing that King of Yan had to do now was to find out the real strength of Luo Zheng!
The first round of testing had ended. Although Luo Zheng's display of the Law of Space had amazed the King of Yan, he wasn't satisfied at all. This kid's strength was definitely more than this.
The problem was that Luo Zheng was too cunning. He avoided almost all the warriors and didn't fight with anyone. In this way, it was difficult for the King of Yan to estimate Luo Zheng's strength.
As the number of warriors in the red circle decreased, a faint smile appeared on the King of Yan's face. There would always be a chance. It seemed that he could only test the bottom line of Luo Zheng's strength by himself!
Soon, there were only five warriors left in the red circle. Apart from the King of Yan and Luo Zheng, there were three other warriors of the False Tribulation Realm. After the space became bigger, it would be more difficult to expel the others from the red circle.
Among the five people, three would stay. Anyone who was eliminated at this time would definitely be unwilling. Therefore, at this time, everyone appeared to be very cautious. For a moment, the situation was in a stalemate.
At this time, the red circle began to shrink …
Through the previous observation, everyone was very clear that the red circle was shrinking very fast. Once the red circle began to shrink, the final result would be revealed in less than 100 breaths.
Therefore, once the red circle began to shrink, everyone's expression changed. They attacked the other warriors in a more aggressive manner!
"Guiyuan Fist!"
"Heart-Splitting Palm!"
"…"
Other than carefully avoiding the King of Yan, the other three warriors each displayed their trump cards.
Two of the warriors were fighting in pairs. As for the other warrior, it was naturally impossible for him to find the King of Yan. His target was naturally Luo Zheng.
Seeing that someone was chasing after Luo Zheng, a smile appeared on the King of Yan's face again. Let's see how you can escape this time!
Luo Zheng also knew that it would be impossible for him to not counterattack now.
Seeing that the warrior was heading straight for him, Luo Zheng took light steps and adjusted his breathing to an extremely smooth level. His strength began to circulate along his body.
At this time, an extremely gentle aura was emitted from Luo Zheng's body. It was as if he would be incomparably harmonious with anything if he was placed together.
That False Tribulation Realm warrior was able to persist until now. Naturally, his strength was not weak. In terms of strength, he was at the top level in the Black Jade Martial House. He could easily be ranked in the third echelon of the Black Iron Divine Nation.
He took a step forward. His body was like a tiger and leopard. His hands turned into claws and slapped towards Luo Zheng from above and below.
"Ao!"
The phantom of a ferocious beast that looked like a tiger or leopard condensed on his body. As he spread his claws, a ferocious beast opened its mouth and was about to swallow Luo Zheng.
A Divine Nation's False Tribulation Realm warrior was indeed not to be underestimated!
Just this person's strength alone was probably comparable to the peak War Reverend of the Demon Night Clan. Compared to Ling Yan, there was a slight gap. However, if he really wanted to compete for the seat of the Tower of Sin, he would definitely be able to obtain a top ten position!
While others were guessing Luo Zheng's strength, Luo Zheng was guessing the strength of the person in front of him.
"Since you came looking for me, you're out!" Luo Zheng's footsteps floated slightly as his figure slowly retreated.
As the red circle shrank, Luo Zheng retreated with his back facing the red circle. As he retreated, Luo Zheng instantly arrived at the edge of the red circle. As long as Luo Zheng stood in place for a breath of time, he would automatically be eliminated!
However, Luo Zheng's footsteps only lightly touched the edge of the red circle. When he touched the ground, his entire body's aura suddenly changed!
"Astral energy! Erupt! "
"Xiu!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aura changed greatly. His entire body turned into a thin line as he charged towards his opponent like a bolt of lightning!
Before the phantom of the ferocious beast could bite down and his opponent's claws could merge together, Luo Zheng had already arrived in front of his opponent.
This person originally had a ferocious expression on his face. He was determined to win this battle. In his mind, as long as he could get rid of this guy, the other side would have a winner and there would only be three people left in the red circle. Then, he would be able to pass the assessment. No matter what, he had to cross this step. This could be a crucial step that would affect his entire life!
Therefore, he didn't hold back at all against Luo Zheng. He was pursuing a sure-win with one strike!
In his eyes, Luo Zheng was a guy who only knew how to run away. He didn't know how to do anything else …
However, as that guy retreated, he appeared in front of him in the blink of an eye …
This …
This warrior's head didn't immediately turn around. Apart from a blank expression on his face, there was almost no reaction.
Luo Zheng didn't care about this guy's expression. He extended his hand and grabbed onto his opponent's hand. Then, with a light clasp of his fingers, he locked onto his opponent's wrist. With this, his opponent couldn't transfer his Astral energy to his hand, making it harder for him to break free from Luo Zheng's grip.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that his action was completely unnecessary. His opponent had completely forgotten to circulate his Astral energy and break free from his grip. While he was distracted, Luo Zheng grabbed him and spun him around like a windmill, throwing him out of the red circle.
His actions were done in a clean and tidy manner, without any hesitation.
In fact, this kind of situation was very common among warriors at a lower cultivation level. But, once a warrior reached the Divine Core realm, the strength he could unleash with his Astral energy would reach an extraordinary level. Therefore, who would let him get close to his opponent so easily?
Therefore, those who fought in the red circle were all 'blasted' out of the circle, but none of them were 'thrown' out.
Right at this moment, when they saw Luo Zheng throw a warrior out of the red circle, all the other warriors were shocked speechless. They all had the same question in their minds, how could this be …
＝＝＝＝＝