"Plop!"
This False Tribulation Realm warrior was thrown out of the red circle and landed heavily on the ground.
Compared to the other injured or even seriously injured Void Tribulation Realm warriors, his situation was naturally much better. Such a heavy fall did not affect a warrior of his level at all.
However, this was a great loss of face.
This False Tribulation Realm warrior would rather be injured and thrown out than be thrown out like this. For him, this was a great humiliation.
However, after he got up from the ground, his mind quickly calmed down.
The knowledge of the warriors of the Divine Nation was much broader than that of the warriors of the Central Domain and the Deep Sea Continent. He knew that Luo Zheng's speed was indeed extraordinary. Whether it was the distance, the angle, or the timing, they were all very accurate!
Just now, he had finished accumulating power for an attack and was about to attack Luo Zheng. It was because of this that he was unable to react in time and allowed this kid to get close to him so easily.
There was only one explanation for Luo Zheng's judgment, and that was that this guy's reaction speed was astonishing, and his judgment was first-rate. Moreover, he had experienced countless battles to be able to train this kind of fighting instinct. Such a guy was undoubtedly very terrifying.
Thinking of this, this warrior took a deep breath and glanced at Luo Zheng with his cold eyes. However, there was no hatred in his eyes, only awe. Only those who had experienced Luo Zheng would understand how terrifying Luo Zheng was.
Apart from this person, the others were also shocked.
Although this warrior had lost face and was actually thrown out by someone, which was indeed a very shameful thing, this person's strength was not low. How could someone who was firmly in the third echelon be weak? Most of the people present were not qualified to laugh at him!
However, most people were just surprised that he was thrown out. They didn't understand how Luo Zheng did it just now. His speed was too fast.
On the other hand, the three Divine Sea Realm warriors revealed a dignified expression.
"We underestimated this kid. His strength is definitely not in the third echelon!"
"With such strength, I'm afraid he can be ranked at the top of the second echelon!"
"If I'm not wrong, he used Vital Essence just now. He actually cultivates both energy and body?"
Warriors who cultivated both energy and body were rarely seen anywhere. In the Sea God Continent, there were very few warriors who cultivated both energy and body. In the Central Domain, there were almost none. In the Divine Nations, there were very few warriors who could cultivate both energy and body.
Just now, Luo Zhengcai had wanted to end this battle as quickly as possible. If this battle dragged on, it would only expose more of his trump cards. This was not something he wanted to see. Since that was the case, Luo Zhengcai directly used astral essence.
However, in the eyes of the three Divine Sea Realm warriors, they were still extremely shocked.
Zhan Yun, King Yan, Crown Prince, and Xiao Daoyuan formed the first echelon. They were the inheritors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. They were very likely to inherit the empire's legacy!
Therefore, even if an ordinary Void Tribulation Realm warrior was extremely strong, it was very difficult for them to be ranked in the first echelon. This was because the people in the first echelon were all monsters among monsters. They had the strength to absolutely suppress Deity rank geniuses.
This was the strength of the four Divine Kingdoms. They did not lack Deity rank geniuses!
. With the start of the Battle of the Era, more and more super geniuses appeared in this era.
Originally, a Divine Nation had 10 to 15 geniuses. If these geniuses were properly trained, they would definitely enter the Divine Sea Realm in the future. However, in the past few decades, due to the arrival of the Battle of the Era, the number of geniuses began to increase. In just a few years, more than 100 geniuses had appeared in the Divine Nation.
The four people in the first echelon were able to crush all the other geniuses!
Therefore, they did not put Luo Zheng together with King Yan and the other three. In their hearts, Luo Zheng was probably not qualified.
But now, the strength Luo Zheng casually displayed was enough for him to stand at the top of the second echelon. This was enough to make them look at Luo Zheng with new eyes.
It was not easy to stand in the second echelon. What was more, Luo Zheng could be ranked at the top of the second echelon?
There were countless big and small Martial Houses in the Divine Nation. The two big Martial Houses, the Jade Black Martial House and the Black Name Martial House, included 90% of the geniuses. These geniuses were like sand being washed away by waves. What came out of the water was glittering gold. Then, all the resources were poured into them and carefully trained. That was how these geniuses obtained such strength.
Luo Tianxing was just an independent warrior. No one knew where he grew up. How could his resources be comparable to the entire Divine Nation?
But he had appeared out of nowhere.
In the past, there would always be a few outstanding talents among the independent martial artists. However, Luo Zheng was so dazzling that it dazzled everyone's eyes.
With a smile, King Yan stared at Luo Zheng and said in a low voice, "Not enough, not enough. This is not your full strength. Let me see your full strength!"
Seeing everyone staring at him, Luo Zheng could only sigh inwardly. He had been too naïve. Whether it was in vision or strength, the Divine Kingdom's martial artists had far exceeded his expectations. If he wanted to easily pass the assessment without displaying his strength, it would be too difficult.
There would be more trouble later.
But he did not forget that King Yan had said before that he would be the only one to pass this round of assessment …
Just as Luo Zheng had expected, the outcome of the battle between the two cultivators on the other side had also been decided. One of them was directly blasted out of the shrinking red circle by the other.
According to the rules, it was time to announce the result. Luo Zheng, King Yan, and the other warrior had passed the assessment!
However, King Yan turned around and smiled faintly at the three Divine Sea Realm Mighty Figures. He gave them a look, and the Divine Sea Realm Mighty Figures did not announce the result.
The three Divine Sea Realm Mighty Figures also understood that King Yan had taken a fancy to Luo Zheng and wanted to test Luo Zheng's strength thoroughly.
The Iron Token was indeed hard to get for other warriors. However, with King Yan's status and strength in the Divine Nation, it was not difficult for him to get one. Even if Luo Zheng was really eliminated, since King Yan had taken a fancy to him, it should not be too difficult to get a Iron Token for him.
In that case … they also wanted to see Luo Zheng's real strength.
King Yan smiled and said, "I have said that only I can pass this round of assessment. Gentlemen, do you want me to send you out of the red circle, or do you want to go out by yourselves?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm. He had expected this to happen, so he was calm. However, he could not avoid fighting with King Yan now.
However, the other warrior was even more depressed. He revealed a trace of anger on his face. Even if you are King Yan, you can't bully others like this, right? I have worked so hard to pass the assessment, and you still intend to break the rules and drive me out?
However, there was not much time left. It had only been 100 breaths since the red circle started to shrink. The lightning-like confrontation just now, plus King Yan's words, had taken 45 breaths.
"I have passed the assessment. Why, King Yan, you …" The warrior was unwilling to accept the result, but he was unwilling to fight with King Yan. He could only argue.
"Shut up!" King Yan shouted at the warrior coldly, "I don't want to repeat my words."
The King of Yan was standing in the center of the red circle. Luo Zheng and the martial arts practitioner were on the left and right respectively. As the red circle continued to shrink, the two of them could only move their feet and move closer to the King of Yan.
When the warrior saw that King Yan was getting closer and closer to him, he gritted his teeth and sweat dripped down from his forehead. Of course, he was unwilling to accept the result! However, looking at King Yan, who was not far away, he knew that he was definitely not his match. If he fought with King Yan, not only would he be humiliated, but he might also be seriously injured and even bring about more unpredictable troubles!
In the end, the warrior gritted his teeth and stood on the spot. He allowed the red circle to shrink and move past his feet.
In other words, he was eliminated …
Many cultivators looked at that cultivator with pity in their eyes.
It was indeed a pity.