However, the King of Yan was the King of the Divine Nation! He was also a super demon in the first echelon. So what if he was not satisfied?
The entire Black Iron Divine Nation belonged to him. Who in the Divine Nation would dare to resist him? Who could resist him?
The Divine Nation was like this. It was even more domineering, unreasonable, and unreasonable than the sects.
Therefore, the few Divine Sea Realm Almighties would give face to the King of Yan, a Virtual Tribulation Realm warrior!
However, Luo Zheng did not stop. He continued to move slowly as the red circle shrank. At this moment, his eyes were like water as he stared at the King of Yan in the center.
The King of Yan smiled at Luo Zheng and asked Luo Zheng, "What about you? Are you going to give up too? "
The King of Yan had already grasped Luo Zheng's character. He had always been good at judging people. Such a person would never give up easily!
Of course, Luo Zheng would not give up. He had come so far and this was not a big problem. Was he going to give up?
However, Luo Zheng was in a dilemma. Should he fight with the King of Yan?
This Yan Wang's strength was not weak. Although he had only casually attacked him once, Luo Zheng reckoned that his strength was perhaps slightly stronger than Ling Yan's.
Although Luo Zheng had not seen Liu Yu in the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng estimated that the King of Yan's strength should be about the same as Liu Yu's when he was promoted to the Peak War Venerable 200 years ago in the Tower of Sin.
Of course, this was just an estimation.
With the strength that Luo Zheng defeated Cui Xie, the King of Yan in front of him was nothing to be afraid of.
However, it was just an assessment now. It was impossible for him to explode with all his strength like a life and death battle.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was considering how to deal with the King of Yan without exposing his strength.
If the King of Yan knew what Luo Zheng was thinking, he would probably faint from anger. However, it was impossible for the King of Yan to guess Luo Zheng's specific thoughts. He was trying his best to test Luo Zheng's strength now!
One breath after another passed.
The red circle was also shrinking. As Luo Zheng moved slowly, the distance between him and the King of Yan was getting closer and closer.
Ten meters, twenty meters, ten meters …
For a Void Tribulation Realm warrior, some moves and methods could no longer be used at such a close distance.
The two of them seemed to have understood something from each other's gaze!
Power!
It was a pure contest of strength!
At this moment, all the disciples in the square held their breaths.
Every martial artist's interest was piqued.
On one hand, they were very impressed by Luo Zheng. He was only in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, yet he had managed to stay in the red circle. A person with such strength was actually unknown. They could not imagine how Luo Zheng had grown.
On the other hand, they also mourned for Luo Zheng in their hearts. Unfortunately, he was assigned to the same round of assessment as Prince of Yan.
If Luo Zheng had avoided King Yan, given his ability, he would have passed the assessment easily …
Now, he had to choose to face King of Yan directly. He wondered what would happen next.
Closer, closer and closer …
Luo Zheng became more and more vigilant.
Something was not right. The King of Yan's ability was probably beyond his estimation.
He had already revealed his strength and used his vital essence. King of Yan knew that he was not only a cultivator of vital essence, but also a cultivator of the body. Under such circumstances, he still dared to compete with him in terms of strength and explosiveness?
It was an extremely wrong choice to close the distance with a cultivator of the body.
However, King of Yan did not have any reservations. He waited for Luo Zheng to come closer. It had to be said that he must have some countermeasures. Perhaps he was also a cultivator of the body and a cultivator of both energy and body?
"Since you insist on not letting me go, I'm sorry." Luo Zheng sighed softly in his heart.
It was not that Luo Zheng looked down on King of Yan. The height that Luo Zheng was at now and the opponent that he had chosen was no longer on the same level as King of Yan.
When the two of them were five meters apart, King of Yan's lips curled up slightly. A beam of light blue vital essence emerged instantly. The moment the vital essence appeared, another beam of vital essence also emerged.
Vital essence and vital essence were two completely different types of energy. Vital essence was born from one's own body, while vital essence was obtained from heaven and earth.
Although Luo Zheng often used his vital essence and vital essence at the same time, King of Yan's vital essence and vital essence had fused into one!
Two completely different types of energy had actually been fused together by him? What the hell was the result of the fusion?
Even though Luo Zheng was very knowledgeable, he was still stunned when he saw this scene.
Sure enough, the Kingdom of Gods could not be underestimated!
After King of Yan had fused his vital essence and vital essence, he spread out his hands and pushed Luo Zheng away forcefully.
King of Yan did not throw out a punch. It seemed that he really wanted to compete purely with Luo Zheng. He did not have any intention of hurting anyone.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of caution. He exerted his strength with both hands and the vital essence in his body exploded. At the same time, Luo Zheng also used the power of the dragon scale!
Originally, Luo Zheng planned to use his vital essence to deal with a warrior in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. No matter how powerful this guy was, it should be enough.
However, when Luo Zheng discovered that King of Yan was able to fuse his vital essence and vital essence, he immediately changed his mind. He could not underestimate King of Yan!
Even so, Luo Zheng had only absorbed about half of the power of the dragon scale!
After that, Luo Zheng also pushed out his palms. His speed was not fast, but this slow palm contained a shocking amount of power!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng's palms and King of Yan's palms collided together.
A dull sound was heard.
The patterned floor beneath their feet suddenly shook violently, and cracks began to appear on it.
"Crack crack crack …"
Since this square was used for the assessment of warriors in the False Tribulation Realm, the materials on the floor had naturally been processed. Previously, when so many warriors in the False Tribulation Realm fought, they did not leave any traces on the floor. However, Luo Zheng and King of Yan were able to completely crack the floor with just one palm strike!
The two types of power had completely fused together. What kind of cultivation technique did King of Yan cultivate to be able to completely fuse his vital essence and vital essence? It was indeed magical!
In the end, Luo Zheng still managed to block this special power. Although the floor beneath his feet had cracked, he did not move at all. He stood at his original spot!
As for King of Yan, under the explosion of Luo Zheng's dragon scale and vital essence, his originally relaxed face suddenly changed color!
Luo Zheng's power was too great!
Although King of Yan vaguely sensed that Luo Zheng was not simple, he did not expect Luo Zheng's power to be so exaggerated!
King of Yan was born in the God's Nation. As he had outstanding talent since he was young, he was deeply doted on by his father. Although there were many princes in the God's Nation, if one had outstanding talent, he would be able to obtain abundant and generous resources! Under such circumstances, how vast was King of Yan's knowledge?
However, he knew that Luo Zheng's power should not have appeared in the False Tribulation Realm!
Even warriors who had experienced the Life and Death Calamity would find it difficult to resist Luo Zheng's power. How did this guy do it?
This power was so difficult to resist. It was like the tide of the sea. It was not something that could be stopped by human strength …
King of Yan was unwilling to retreat. How proud was he? How could he retreat so easily after boasting?
He would rather Luo Zheng retreat and leave the red circle. After this, Luo Zheng would not need to go through any assessment. He was willing to help Luo Zheng get a Black Iron Token!
It was just a Black Iron Token!
However, it was too late to say anything now. Under Luo Zheng's overwhelming power, he had no choice.
Therefore, King of Yan retreated under the watchful eyes of the crowd.
One step, two steps, three steps …
Almost without any suspense, King of Yan crossed the red circle. Moreover, as King of Yan retreated continuously, his footsteps became staggered. In the end, the crowd saw King of Yan's legs turn to jelly and he actually fell to the ground!
Everyone stared blankly at King of Yan, who was in a sorry state.
King of Yan, who was in the first echelon, had an overwhelming power over the younger generation. In the Black Jade Martial House, only Zhan Yun could follow in King of Yan's footsteps. Other than that, in the entire God's Nation, only Xiao Daoyuan and the Crown Prince could match up to him!
Although the two of them did not fight to the death and could not even be considered an ordinary exchange of blows, it was purely a contest of strength.
However, there was no doubt that in a contest of strength, King of Yan was at an absolute disadvantage!