Around the square, hundreds of False Tribulation Realm warriors were silent as they stared blankly at the scene in front of them.
The eyes of the three Divine Sea Realm warriors shone brightly!
These three Divine Sea Realm warriors were the Mansion Masters of the Black Jade Martial House. One of them was the main Mansion Master, while the other two were the Deputy Mansion Masters. They were considered the mainstays of the Black Iron Divine Nation! Naturally, they knew King Yan's strength very well.
The King of Yan was not only a dual cultivator of body and energy. More importantly, his Dual Physique could perfectly fuse his Vital Essence and Vital Essence together with the cultivation techniques of the royal family. With such a fusion, the strength he could unleash would far surpass his peers.
It was true that King Yan did not use his trump card just now. He only used the fusion power. However, the ancient martial art practitioner called "Luo Tianxing" did not use any moves either. He only used his vital essence and pure strength!
Even so, Yan Wang was still at a disadvantage in the fight with Luo Zheng. How could the three Mansion Masters of the Profound Jade Martial House not be surprised?
Could this kid be ranked in the first tier? Could his strength be on par with King Yan and the Crown Prince?
Regardless of whether they believed it or not, what they saw now had proven their conjecture. Moreover, it was not just a matter of being on par. Luo Tianxing's strength might be even stronger than King Yan's!
"Old He, we misjudged him. This kid is a freak. I really don't know where he came from!"
"Hehehe, no matter what, our Black Iron Martial House has profited this time. Let's not talk about the dispute between King Yan and the Crown Prince. Since this kid is participating in our Black Jade Martial House's assessment, he must have been discovered by our Black Jade Martial House!"
"Luck, luck. That Xiao Daoyuan from the Black Jade Martial House is firmly suppressing our Black Jade Martial House. I think Luo Tianxing is on par with Xiao Daoyuan!"
The number one False Tribulation Realm warrior of the Black Jade Martial House, Zhan Yun, stared at Luo Zheng with a faint excitement on his face.
"Luo Tianxing, Luo Tianxing …" It was a very unfamiliar name. He had never heard of such a person in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Zhan Yun's heart thumped rapidly. If this was another place, Zhan Yun would have rushed up to challenge Luo Zheng. However, this was the Martial House assessment and in front of the three Mansion masters. Zhan Yun could not break the rules.
Zhan Yun did not dare to break the Profound Jade Martial House's rules, but Yan Wang was different.
Although there were many princes in Black Iron Immortal Kingdom, the status of each prince was greatly different from that of the other princes. As he had been crowned as a lord, half of Hegu City was his fief. Who could stop him from challenging anyone?
"Haha, Luo Tianxing, right? Good, very good! " A maniacal smile appeared on King Yan's face. He stared at Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "You have passed the assessment. This matter will come to an end for the time being. Then, I will challenge you now!"
As soon as King Yan finished speaking, a surging aura gushed out from his body. Under the envelopment of this aura, many Virtual Tribulation Realm cultivators immediately became agitated.
This was not an aura that a False Tribulation Realm cultivator could possess!
"King Yan's true strength is probably comparable to a False Tribulation Realm warrior!"
"He's really strong. I reckon that even a first stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist is no match for him!"
"That kid surnamed Luo is probably in trouble …"
Enveloped by King Yan's aura, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He was very displeased. Why is this guy acting like this? Luo Zheng was here to participate in the assessment, not to challenge others. Why is he challenging me for no reason?
Hence, Luo Zheng shook his head. "I refuse!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's reply, King Yan was slightly stunned. "Refuse? What a joke! Who can easily reject the challenge of the Prince of Yan? Don't you want the Black Iron Token? If you agree to my challenge, regardless of whether you win or lose, I can give you the Black Iron Token and various rare treasures and elixirs for you to choose from. What do you think? "
King Yan's reward …
Everyone's eyes suddenly shot out a fiery glow.
Being crowned as a lord of Black Iron Immortal Kingdom meant that he had a lot of wealth. Just King Yan's wealth alone was comparable to the Black Jade Martial House's accumulation over the years. If they could enter King Yan's Mansion and casually choose a few treasures, they would make a fortune.
The problem was that regardless of whether they won or lost …
Even if they lost to King Yan, it would not be a shameful thing, right?
That kid Luo Tianxing is so lucky! That was what everyone thought in their hearts.
However, Luo Zheng still shook his head. "I refuse. I only need the Black Iron Token. With my strength, I can get it naturally. I don't need you to give it to me."
How arrogant was the King of Yan? He felt that his words were already very forthright! I, King Yan, am already giving you a lot of face by challenging you. Regardless of whether you win or lose, I will reward you handsomely. He did not expect Luo Zheng to be so unappreciative of his kindness!
King Yan's face instantly turned dark red. His face was filled with anger. He was like a volcano that was about to erupt at any time.
"Sigh, King Yan is talented, but he is still too young." A Divine Sea Realm almighty sighed deeply in his heart.
The three Mansion Masters of Black Jade Martial House also felt the same.
Now, in the entire Black Iron Immortal Kingdom, the Crown Prince and King Yan, the two youths with the royal bloodline, were fighting for supremacy!
King Yan was the youngest, but he was still firmly in the first echelon. It was undeniable that his future was more dazzling than that of the Crown Prince.
However, the Crown Prince's strength was similar to that of King Yan. After all, he was more than ten years older than King Yan. His character was also more mature than King Yan. Not only did the Crown Prince rope in Black Jade Martial House's Zhan Yun, but he also roped in Xiao Daoyuan, the number one expert of the younger generation in Black Jade Martial House.
There were only four warriors in the first echelon. Among them, the Crown Prince, Zhan Yun, and Xiao Daoyuan were in a group.
The most troublesome thing about King Yan was that he did not have any followers. Luo Tianxing was an excellent target. It seemed that King Yan wanted to offend Luo Tianxing!
How could this be?
Indeed, they could see that King Yan did not have any ill intentions towards Luo Zheng. He challenged Luo Zheng purely because he was unconvinced. They guessed that King Yan cherished talents and could not find a way out of this embarrassing situation. Therefore, he insisted on challenging Luo Tianxing.
The problem was that such monstrous characters were all unusually arrogant. It was inappropriate for King Yan to use his own name to suppress others. It was fine if Luo Tianxing did not accept his challenge, but how could he expect Luo Tianxing to bow down to him?
The three Divine Sea Realm experts sighed and felt that it was necessary to remind King Yan. Therefore, one of the Divine Sea Realm experts took a step forward with a benevolent smile on his face. He stared at King Yan and said, "It is not easy for King Yan to have the interest to issue a challenge today. However, this is the Black Jade Martial House's assessment after all. I am afraid it is inappropriate to issue a challenge here.
"Mansion Master He!" King Yan raised his eyebrows. He was still young and his character was extremely stubborn. Although he knew that he should be on good terms with Luo Tianxing now, he could not control his temper at this moment.
"King Yan, listen to me," Mansion Master He said with a faint smile. Then, his lips moved slightly as he spoke to King Yan using his True Energy Sound Transmission. Others could not understand what he was saying.
After a long while, King Yan nodded slightly. The aura in his body suddenly disappeared and was replaced by a carefree expression. Instead, he clasped his hands towards Luo Zheng and said, "Today, we only exchanged a blow. I, King Yan, have lost! However, I will treat this as a gift to a friend. I will invite you to a banquet in my King Yan's Mansion another day! "
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was baffled. The contrast between Prince of Yan's attitude before and after was too great. Who knew what he was up to?
Of course, Luo Zheng did not know that there were various conflicts everywhere in the God's Kingdom. He had unintentionally exchanged a blow with King Yan and had implicated himself.
However, whatever medicine was sold had nothing to do with Luo Zheng. The banquet in his Mansion was just a formality. He was in the God's Kingdom and did not want to embarrass King Yan too much. Therefore, Luo Zheng nodded and clasped his hands towards King Yan.
After that, King Yan turned his head and walked away. The atmosphere at the scene finally relaxed.
However, Zhan Yun, who was quietly observing from the side, stared at King Yan's back as he left. Then, he secretly glanced at Luo Zheng. A trace of vigilance flashed in his eyes.
Although Zhan Yun was a martial artist of the Jade Profound Martial House, he was the Crown Prince's man. The conflict between the Crown Prince and King Yan had been going on for a long time. Now that Luo Zheng had appeared, whether Zhan Yun could challenge Luo Zheng was a secondary matter. However, such a person must not follow King Yan!
He had to inform the Crown Prince about this matter as soon as possible!
＝＝＝＝＝