Luo Zheng didn't care about the internal strife of the Divine Kingdom, he only cared about how he was going to get the Black Iron Order.
After passing the test today, some people were sent back to the courtyard where they had registered. After passing the test, Luo Zheng was now considered a member of the Profound Jade Martial Palace.
The Divine Core female disciple who was in charge of registration threw a curious glance at Luo Zheng. She was curious, how did Luo Zheng pass the test with just a Mid False Tribulation realm cultivation base?
Using the bamboo token in his hand, Luo Zheng exchanged it for another purple token. This token was also not a black-iron token. Immediately, Luo Zheng was informed that he could use this token to enter the Profound Jade Martial House and study. He could also obtain a portion of the Profound Jade Martial House's resources and so on.
If it was any other independent warrior, they might be extremely excited. It was extremely difficult for an independent warrior to cultivate, and being able to join the Martial Palace was a great opportunity for them. But for Luo Zheng, it didn't mean much. He didn't lack any cultivation skills or pills, and he relied on himself to cultivate. The Martial Palace couldn't provide him with much help, and the only thing that could help him was this Black Iron Order.
After leaving the Profound Jade Martial Palace, Cao Junfeng had been waiting for him for a long time.
Luo Zheng had ordered him to wait for him here, and Cao Junfeng couldn't disobey this order. Accompanied by Cao Junfeng, Luo Zheng returned to his own courtyard.
Along the way, Luo Zheng was playing with the purple token in his hand. After thinking for a moment, he asked, "After I get the Black Iron Order, how long will it take for me to enter the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean?"
Cao Junfeng replied with a smile, "Normally, the three great secret realms will open every year, but I'm not sure which one will open this year."
Luo Zheng knew that the Heavenly Feather Saint Ocean contained the Feather Emperor, Divine Emperor, and Dream God Secret Realms. Apart from that, there was also the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Luo Zheng didn't care about the other secret realms, but if the Feather Emperor Secret Realm didn't open this year, Luo Zheng would feel depressed.
"Can you find out which secret realm will open today?" Luo Zheng furrowed his brows.
"Yes! However, the opening of each secret realm is controlled by the Monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms. The four Monarchs have the final say on which secret realm to open. If you want to find out … it will be difficult for you, "Cao Junfeng replied.
Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. If the other secret realms were to be opened this year, it was very likely that he would have to wait another year. However, there was not much time left for Luo Zheng. What should he do? With his current strength, it was impossible for him to influence the plans of the four Divine Kingdoms.
"I see. You can leave now," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Cao Junfeng nodded and left Luo Zheng's room.
Luo Zheng sat cross-legged. He circulated his Qi and slowly spread out his True Essence. He was preparing to cultivate quietly for a while.
However, at that moment, the Qinglong in his mind spoke again. "Luo Zheng, there is another mystic realm in the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean besides the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm. You must enter it."
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. When he heard Qinglong's words, his face was filled with a strange expression.
Previously, he had obtained the information about the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean and the other secret realms from Cao Junfeng. Now that Qinglong suddenly mentioned them, could it be that these secret realms were related to Qinglong and the others?
Luo Zheng's goal was only the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm. Since the Life Origin Stone was obtained there, Luo Zheng naturally did not have much interest in the other secret realms.
"In addition to the three great secret realms, there is also the Tian Chen Secret Realm, right? You must enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm, "Qinglong said again.
"What do you need in the Tian Chen Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Luo Zheng already knew that the nine Real Dragons in his mind actually came from the Real Dragon World. However, why the nine Real Dragons were attached to the mysterious furnace and why they turned into a page and finally came out of Luo Zheng's mind was a mystery.
He had asked Qinglong before, but every time he mentioned it, Qinglong did not give him any details. It seemed that there was something that he could not say.
When Luo Zheng entered the Real Dragon World through the Rising Dragon Platform, Qinglong was even more so. He was even unwilling to reveal his identity to the warriors of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
Luo Zheng guessed that Qinglong might have some enmity with the Real Dragon Clan, or even some great hatred.
In the end, it was just a guess. If the Real Dragon did not mention it, Luo Zheng would not take the initiative to ask.
Even when Luo Zheng entered the Sea God Continent, Qinglong rarely gave any specific advice or took the initiative to ask for anything. This time, however, he had asked him to enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm. Presumably, there was something important in the Tian Chen Secret Realm that was related to the nine brothers.
Qinglong smiled sadly in Luo Zheng's mind and said, "Do you know the origin of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea?"
Luo Zheng shook his head.
Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. He had only learned about it from Cao Junfeng. Because of these words, Luo Zheng had spared Cao Junfeng's life.
When Luo Zheng crossed the Chaotic Astral Ocean and rushed to the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he discovered that the vast inland sea was actually built with towering walls …
He did not know why the four Divine Kingdoms had spent so much effort. What was it for?
"The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was originally the territory of the Real Dragon Clan," Qinglong said indifferently.
"The territory of the Real Dragon Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched as he asked softly.
"To be precise, it was the territory of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, a subordinate clan of the Real Dragon Clan," Qinglong said indifferently.
In the past, the Dragon Bloodline Clan was the true ruler of this continent. They occupied the most central area of the Divine Kingdom Continent, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. At the time, the Human Clan had the seven Divine Kingdoms, and they had allied together to resist the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
The war had been intermittent for tens of thousands of years.
In the end, the Dragon Bloodline Clan had been forced by the allied forces of the seven Divine Kingdoms to open a spatial passage with a blood sacrifice. They had released a dragon from the True Dragon Realm. With a single breath, they had destroyed three Divine Kingdoms.
However, the blood sacrifice had cost a considerable amount. At the time, the seven Divine Kingdoms had the support of the Human Clan from the Upper World. In the end, the remaining four Divine Kingdoms had destroyed the Dragon Bloodline Clan, resulting in the current situation.
"The so-called Four Great Mystic Realms, hehe, are actually the remnants of the Dragon Bloodline's foundation in this world. It's just that before the Dragon Bloodline's human race was destroyed, they used the power of blood sacrifice to seal off the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean with the lives of the entire race! It is not easy to take away the inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline Clan, "Qinglong said.
"It's just that after so many years, the power of the blood sacrifice of the Dragon Bloodline Clan has gradually weakened. The four Divine Kingdoms that were left behind have used the inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline Clan as a treasure trove and slowly developed. I didn't expect that a small sixth-grade Divine Kingdom would develop to this stage!"
In the past, the seven Divine Kingdoms had only been equivalent to sixth-rank Sects. However, the current four Divine Kingdoms were almost equivalent to eighth-rank Sects!
The difference between these two ranks was like the difference between heaven and earth!
On the Sea God Continent, the Demon Night Clan led by Liu Yu was only a seventh-rank Holy Land.
"What is in the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. He could not think of anything else that Qinglong was determined to obtain.
Qinglong said, "In the past, the Dragon Bloodline Clan in the Lower World summoned the real dragon through the blood sacrifice. He is our big brother."
"Big brother?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with surprise.
Nine real dragons were drawn on the mysterious furnace. The nine real dragons were of different sizes and lengths. However, right below the furnace, there was the thickest and most majestic real dragon! However, that real dragon had never awakened. So far, only Qinglong and the red dragon had awakened.
"Yes, our Dragon Bloodline Clan is spread across millions of Great Thousand Worlds. Even with the blood sacrifice, it is difficult to summon a real dragon. At that time, my big brother took action personally because the Dragon Bloodline Clan found an Ancestral Dragon egg in this world! This Ancestral Dragon egg is now in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the last Heavenly Chen Secret Realm! "Qinglong said.
"Ancestral Dragon egg? What's the big deal?" Luo Zheng was confused.