"Whoever controls the Ancestral Dragon is equivalent to controlling the True Dragon Clan! As the most powerful Super Divine Beasts, of course, we won't give the Ancestral Dragon egg to the Human Clan! "the red dragon continued.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything and continued to listen to the red dragon.
The red dragon said, "Therefore, the war on the Divine Kingdom Continent is actually a war between the True Dragon Clan and the Human Clan in the Lower World. Unfortunately, the Human Clan never expected that after my elder brother was summoned by the blood sacrifice, he destroyed the three small Divine Kingdoms. At the moment when the space collapsed, he used a secret method to destroy the ascension passage of this Great Thousand World! Therefore, all the creatures in this world can't ascend! "
"What …" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
The problem of not being able to ascend had always troubled this Great Thousand World.
Originally, when one's cultivation reached the Divine Sea Realm, he had already stepped into the Way of Immortals and broken away from the category of mortals!
For example, Situ Haotian, Liu Yu, and the Divine Sea Realm masters of the four Divine Kingdoms had been staying in this Great Thousand World and couldn't ascend!
Apart from the Rising Dragon Platform, there was no other way to ascend!
All the creatures knew that there seemed to be some problems in this Great Thousand World, but there was no correct answer as to what the problem was.
In the end, all the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators who could have ascended were still trapped in this Great Thousand World. They could only watch as they entered the Five Decay of Immortals, slowly exhausted their lifespans, and died of depression …
Luo Zheng didn't expect that the one who destroyed the ascension passage of this Great Thousand World was Qinglong's elder brother.
"Why did you destroy the ascension passage in the first place?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Qinglong sighed and then said, "Naturally, it's because of the Ancestral Dragon. This Ancestral Dragon egg was born in this Great Thousand World, so the True Dragon Clan naturally has to take care of it carefully and let it hatch slowly. However, the Human Clan also noticed this, so the essence of this war is around the Ancestral Dragon egg."
"I see." Luo Zheng was silent for a while. "In other words, you let me enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm to obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg and send it to your True Dragon Clan?"
"True Dragon Clan? Hmph! "The crimson dragon snorted coldly. His voice was filled with anger.
"Seventh Brother …" The crimson dragon seemed to have something to say, but he was stopped by Qinglong. Then, Qinglong said, "Yes, I want you to take the Ancestral Dragon egg, but not necessarily send it back to the True Dragon Clan."
Luo Zheng was getting more and more confused. It seemed that Qinglong and the crimson dragon had some conflicts with the True Dragon Clan. When Luo Zheng entered the True Dragon Realm last time, he had already noticed some problems, but as an outsider, he naturally didn't say anything.
Luo Zheng would try his best to help him. After all, everything that Luo Zheng had achieved was thanks to Qinglong and the others.
However, Luo Zheng had his own doubts. "Even if the Ancestral Dragon egg is indeed in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, those Divine Sea Realm experts can't obtain it. With my current strength, I'm afraid it's not enough!"
Luo Zheng didn't know the connection between these secret realms, but since these secret realms were in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, and the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was almost surrounded by the four Divine Kingdoms, those Divine Sea Realm experts would have entered long ago if the Ancestral Dragon egg could be obtained.
Qinglong smiled. "The Heavenly Star Secret Realm is different from the other three secret realms. Of course, they can't obtain it, but if it's you, there's a slight chance."
Since Qinglong said so, Luo Zheng nodded silently. "In that case, I'll do my best!"
Although Luo Zheng wasn't confident that he could help Qinglong and the others obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg, since Qinglong had asked, Luo Zheng had to try. Of course, he had to enter the Heavenly Feather Secret Realm first and obtain the Origin Stone of Life.
Whether he could make it or not depended on the next step.
In this house, Luo Zheng didn't leave the house. He focused on cultivation every day. Without Luo Zheng's order, Cao Junfeng also stayed at the door.
However, three days later, Luo Zheng suddenly heard subtle footsteps at the door. Then, he heard a shrill voice. "The Crown Prince has come in person. Unrelated people, please leave for now!"
"The Crown Prince?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Then, he heard Cao Junfeng's voice outside. "Master, the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom is here!"
"Hmm," Luo Zheng replied. Then, he got up and went outside. He wore a faint smile on his face, but he felt quite strange. Why did the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom come to find him?
As soon as Luo Zheng went out, he saw a big lineup outside the house. Dozens of Life and Death Realm experts, dressed in golden brocade robes, with silver sabers hanging from their waists, lined up at the door. Luo Zheng glanced at them casually. These sabers were at least low-grade saint tools. More importantly, each saber looked exactly the same.
It seemed that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had the skill to mass produce saint tools.
In front of these Life and Death Realm guards, there was a young man sitting in a wheelchair. The young man looked sickly, but his eyes flickered with a strange luster.
Seeing Luo Zheng looking at him, the young man smiled faintly.
At this moment, a nearby eunuch said in a shrill voice, "Why don't you kneel down and salute the Crown Prince?"
How could Luo Zheng be willing to kneel down? He just coldly glanced at the eunuch, thinking to himself, "Why did you come to me and ask me to kneel down? What kind of logic is this?"
Unexpectedly, the Crown Prince rebuked, "Yu An, what nonsense are you talking about? This friend here is one of the top geniuses in the Black Iron Divine Nation. A man should not kneel to anyone. How can he kneel to anyone?"
"But Crown Prince, you are the emperor. In the future …" The eunuch called Yu An defended himself.
"Shut up!" The Crown Prince scolded him again. Then, he smiled at Luo Zheng and said, "My servants are used to this. Brother Tianxing, please don't take offense!"
Luo Zheng just looked at the scene coldly. He could tell at a glance that the Crown Prince and the eunuch were putting on a show. Their purpose was to give him the impression that the Crown Prince thought highly of him. The Crown Prince addressed him as "brother". However, this was the first time Luo Zheng and the Crown Prince had met. Playing such a trick gave Luo Zheng a feeling that the Crown Prince was very scheming.
Luo Zheng was not happy.
Moreover, he did not want to attract attention when he entered the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. In front of him was Prince Yan, and behind him was the Crown Prince. The more he did not want to be noticed, the more these guys insisted on coming to his door.
However, Luo Zheng could not act recklessly. After all, he was in someone else's territory.
Thus, Luo Zheng asked in a neutral tone, "What brings you here, Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom?"
The Crown Prince smiled and said, "I heard that Brother Tianxing passed the Black Jade Martial House's assessment. I also heard that you were an independent warrior. Therefore, I wanted to see Brother Tianxing's elegant demeanor. Today, I see that you are indeed impressive. You are a dragon among men."
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and a smile appeared on his face. "Crown Prince, you are too polite. I, Luo Tianxing, am just a boor."
The Crown Prince continued to smile and said, "Brother Tianxing is too polite. Today, my residence is hosting a banquet. I hope that Brother Luo Zheng will do me the honor of attending." As he said this, the Crown Prince gave a meaningful look to the eunuch beside him, Yu An.
The eunuch's face lit up with a courteous smile. He took out a golden name card and handed it to Luo Zheng.
Looking at the invitation card, Luo Zheng was a little hesitant. Should he accept or not?
By now, Luo Zheng understood the Crown Prince's intention. He was most likely trying to rope him in like Prince Yan. However, compared to Prince Yan, the Crown Prince's attitude was more polite.
However, this was often the case in this world. The more polite someone was to you, the more beneficial they might be to you.
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, a voice came from not far away. "Big Brother, you came to Lonely Crane City, but you didn't even come to see me. You are too mean!"
The person who spoke was Prince Yan.
This time, the King of Yan did not bring anyone with him. He was alone.
He was dressed in a green robe and walked over confidently. He looked at the Crown Prince and then looked at Luo Zheng. He smiled and said, "Luo Tianxing, I trust you have been well since we last met!"