A few days ago in the Black Jade Martial House, Prince Yan was still acting as if he would not give up until he was defeated.
Why was he so courteous today, as if they had been friends for many years …
Luo Zheng suddenly felt uncomfortable. However, a smile still appeared on Luo Zheng's face. He smiled at Prince Yan and said, "How have you been?"
Prince Yan walked towards Luo Zheng and took the golden invitation from Luo Zheng's hand. After glancing at it casually, he returned it to the Crown Prince and said indifferently, "Unfortunately, Luo Zheng has agreed to come to the Prince Yan's residence today. Brother, you are indeed late!"
This invitation was a hot potato in Luo Zheng's hands. Luo Zheng did not know how to deal with it. He did not expect Prince Yan to take it away and return it to the Crown Prince. However, when did he promise Prince Yan?
However, Prince Yan had helped Luo Zheng out of his predicament. Although Prince Yan was hot-tempered, he was more straightforward. Luo Zheng's first impression of the Crown Prince was that he was too shrewd.
Instead of being forcefully invited to the residence by the Crown Prince, he might as well cooperate with Prince Yan and get the show over with.
After Luo Zheng made up his mind, he smiled and said, "Your Highness is indeed late. I was also invited by Prince Yan earlier."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Prince Yan smiled even more brightly.
When Prince Yan's realm was still low, he was not noticed by the Crown Prince. Over the past few years, as Prince Yan's strength increased day by day, he gradually had the intention to be on par with the Crown Prince. The two gradually became enemies.
However, the Crown Prince was more than ten years older than Prince Yan. Moreover, he was chosen as the Crown Prince, which meant that he would be the future Crown Prince. Almost all the young experts in the God Nation stood on the Crown Prince's side. Although Prince Yan was conferred the title of Prince and proved his strength and talent, he could not make a comeback because of his disadvantage.
Today, the Crown Prince found out that there was a martial artist who defeated Prince Yan in a competition of strength among the independent martial artists in the Black Jade Martial House. How could the Crown Prince let such a person go? Therefore, he rushed to Hecu City from the capital overnight. His purpose was to rope in Luo Zheng.
However, he did not expect the King of Yan to appear on the way.
With the shrewdness of the Crown Prince of God Nation, how could he not see that Luo Zheng and King of Yan were putting on an act? However, he couldn't force the Crown Prince to do something against his will. Thus, the Crown Prince smiled magnanimously and said, "Since that's the case, I apologize for my abrupt visit."
"Brother, you're not just being rude. As a younger brother, I really admire your speed, "King Yan retorted sarcastically.
The Crown Princess' expression did not change, but there was a faint gleam that flashed in her eyes. She grabbed the wheelchair and turned it around. Then she led the many experts and left.
Looking in the direction where the Crown Prince left, a cold smile appeared on the King of Yan's face. It was the expression of a victor.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "Since we are brothers, why do we have to be so hostile?"
Luo Zheng did not understand the internal strife of the Kingdom of God Nation's royal family. Although the world of ancient martial art practitioners was dangerous and most people were extremely selfish, blood was thicker than water. The gains did not make up for the losses.
However, the King of Yan said coldly, "I treat him as my elder brother, but he doesn't treat me as his brother."
Seeing the King of Yan's expression, Luo Zheng knew that the King of Yan was definitely immersed in some bad memories.
However, this was the King of Yan's family matter. Luo Zheng could not ask about it.
Then, the King of Yan thought for a while. Suddenly, he revealed a sly smile at Luo Zheng. "Didn't you agree to go to my King of Yan's residence for a chat?"
"This …" Luo Zheng said this just now because he wanted to reject the Crown Prince's invitation. Now that the King of Yan spoke again, Luo Zheng did not know how to reject him.
"Don't worry. I won't make things difficult for you. We just need to decide who is better between us." The King of Yan continued to smile. At the same time, he lowered his voice and said, "My elder brother does things flawlessly. He will definitely send someone to keep an eye on you. If you don't go, he will definitely come again …"
Luo Zheng could only reveal a bitter smile. It seemed that he had no choice but to go. He could only nod.
Although the King of Yan's character was not likable, at least he was more straightforward than the Crown Prince. If Luo Zheng had to choose a side, he would rather choose the King of Yan's side.
Following a scheming person always made people on tenterhooks.
Therefore, under the invitation of the King of Yan, Luo Zheng brought Cao Junfeng to the King of Yan's residence.
The King of Yan's residence was located in the south of Hegu City. It was a huge residence. The construction of the residence was extraordinary. The scenery in the residence was exquisite and luxurious.
Just as they entered the residence with the King of Yan, four Life and Death Realm experts quickly surrounded them. They looked rather nervous. One of them even asked, "Your Majesty, where did you go just now? It took us a long time to find you."
The King of Yan looked at the Life and Death Realm experts coldly. Then, he asked, "Why? Do I still need to report my whereabouts to you all the time? "
"This … is not the case." One of the Life and Death Realm experts lowered his head and answered.
However, the King of Yan snorted coldly and walked forward. The four Life and Death Realm experts also wanted to follow. However, the King of Yan said, "The four of you, go and guard the door!"
"We …"
Although there were many Life and Death Realm experts in the Kingdom of God, they were not reduced to guarding the door. The four people's faces darkened.
"Why?" The King of Yan raised his eyebrows. "My words are of no use at all?"
Seeing that the King of Yan seemed to be about to explode, the four Life and Death Realm experts could only retreat and walk towards the door of the King of Yan's residence.
The King of Yan looked at Luo Zheng meaningfully. Then, he chuckled. "It's quite funny, isn't it?"
Luo Zheng also saw some clues. Then, he asked, "These people …"
"Hehe, everyone in the King of Yan's residence, from the guards to the servants, from the handymen to the maidservants, are all people arranged by my brother!" The King of Yan gritted his teeth and said.
At this moment, a woman dressed in silk walked out of the mansion. This woman was also at the False Tribulation realm. She was as beautiful as a celestial fairy. Her expensive silk clothes were tailored to fit her body perfectly. As she walked over with small steps and casually glanced up, it was enough to make all the men's hearts palpitate. This woman was definitely an excellent companion for a martial artist.
"Your Majesty is back! I am … "The woman had just opened her mouth when the King of Yan interrupted her." Get lost! "
"Your Majesty …" The woman was scolded by the King of Yan. Tears rolled down her face.
"Didn't you hear that I asked you to get lost?" The King of Yan scolded coldly and angrily.
The woman stood there for a while. Her face was full of grievance. In the end, under the King of Yan's scolding, she slowly retreated.
Then, the King of Yan smiled sadly. "I forgot to say. Even my wife is my brother's woman!"
This woman was also the Crown Prince's woman …
Luo Zheng was speechless.
The King of Yan had such talent and strength at such a young age. In the eyes of others, he was also someone who was envious and jealous of. They did not expect him to live in such an environment.
No wonder he had such an attitude towards the Crown Prince. There was probably a deep grudge between the two of them.
In fact, the fact that the King of Yan and the Crown Prince were not on good terms in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had already spread throughout the entire continent. Even Cao Junfeng knew about this clearly.
The King of Yan was too outstanding. Although he had been conferred the title of King by the King, so what? As long as he was outstanding enough, he could still snatch the position of the Crown Prince when he grew up.
Because of his father, the Crown Prince of Black Iron Divine Kingdom could not attack his younger brother. However, he could restrict the King of Yan in all aspects.
Therefore, until now, the King of Yan did not even have a single person on his side!
The King of Yan was not a fool. He also wanted to develop his own power. Not to mention other things, just entering the mystic realm of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was not a matter for him alone.
Back then, the Crown Prince had hypocritically helped the King of Yan to form a team. The King of Yan naturally rejected such good intentions. The problem was, who could the King of Yan look for after rejecting the Crown Prince's offer?
Almost all the experts of the younger generation had been won over by the Crown Prince. As for the remaining False Tribulation Realm ancient martial art practitioners, the King of Yan did not take a fancy to them. Under such circumstances, the King of Yan still roped in a few ancient martial art practitioners who could barely enter the second echelon. However, the King of Yan knew that he was still too weak and could not compete with his brother.
This time, after encountering Luo Zheng, he had made up his mind to compete with Luo Zheng. It was only under the guidance of the Mansion Master of the Black Jade Martial House that the King of Yan managed to restrain himself. He hoped that Luo Zheng would be a great help to him.
When the two of them entered the main hall of the King of Yan's Mansion, Luo Zheng instructed Cao Junfeng to wait at the door. Then, a maidservant came to serve tea. After she was done, the King of Yan chased the servants out again.
The King of Yan then stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and asked, "Why did you enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea? I can cooperate with you."
(I have a lot of things to do during the New Year. Please forgive me!)
＝＝＝＝＝