Luo Nian couldn't convey his shock to Jiang Ziya, so he stared blankly for a long time.
Jiang Ziya stood there, wondering why Luo Nian didn't move.
However, the changes in the light spots still made Jiang Ziya suspicious.
Jiang Ziya used to be in a low-lying area in the World of Xuan Liang, so the things he could see were limited. Moreover, Jiang Ziya couldn't tell the difference between heaven and earth in the World of Xuan Liang.
Now, what appeared in front of Jiang Ziya were countless light spots …
Those light spots were dim and far away, but there were so many of them that it was beyond Jiang Ziya's range of acceptance.
When Jiang Ziya tried to distinguish these light spots, he felt an explosion of pain in his head, as if someone had stabbed him in the head with a knife.
In desperation, Jiang Ziya quickly diverted his attention and stopped trying to distinguish the dense light spots. After all, it was futile for him to distinguish them.
"There seems to be some buildings in the center of the four pillars …"
Looking into the distance, Luo Nian was also carefully distinguishing. He could faintly see a huge palace, but it was too far away, so it was still blurry.
After looking for a while, Luo Nian pulled Jiang Ziya forward.
Since there was a new discovery, Luo Nian didn't plan to retreat.
On the way to the four pillars, Luo Nian didn't forget Jiang Ziya's request and kept searching.
Other than the World of Chaos, he had already found the World of Poison Fog and the Empty World. He should be able to find more "worlds" along the way.
In fact, after staying in the World of Xuan Liang for a long time, Luo Nian had an illusion that these "worlds" weren't worlds, but huge caves, or another low-level space.
In comparison, the World of Xuan Liang was more harmonious.
Everything had energy. The energy in the low-level worlds like the World of Poison Fog and the World of Chaos were hidden. For example, a stone, a handful of water, or a blade of grass had energy hidden in them, and they only needed to be activated by various means.
Everything in the World of Chaos appeared in the form of light spots. The light spots themselves were a type of energy, so their existence was more direct and effective …
Of course, this was just Luo Nian's own opinion.
After all, he could move around in the World of Xuan Liang with ease …
For the creatures in these "worlds", the World of Xuan Liang was like a nightmare.
After constant searching, Luo Nian finally found the fourth world.
This world was soaked in a strange type of mercury, or rather, the entire world was filled with this type of mercury.
His Divine Sense was completely blocked by the mercury. Jiang Ziya could not use his Divine Sense to scan that world. At the same time, the Law of Space was also affected.
The distance of the Greater Teleportation was short. After a few teleportations, Jiang Ziya found that the mercury in this world was constantly flowing, and the space coordinates that were originally marked were also changing.
If they explored too deeply, they might get lost in the Mercury World. Jiang Ziya had no choice but to bring Luo Nian back.
In the process of exploring the Mercury World, Luo Nian also told Jiang Ziya about the four indescribably huge pillars and the looming palace. Jiang Ziya immediately connected the dots, and a trace of uncontrollable excitement appeared on his face.
It was no longer a coincidence that they had found nothing in three consecutive "worlds".
Those worlds must have been destroyed …
As for why the Chaotic World was able to escape this calamity, it was still unknown, but perhaps some answers could be obtained from the four huge pillars.
For the rest of the journey, Luo Nian no longer deliberately searched for those "worlds". Instead, he headed straight for the huge pillar.
…
The self-ouroboros in the Ultimate Circulation space stopped rotating, and the picture in front of Luo Zheng also disappeared completely.
Even though the picture had completely disappeared, Luo Zheng still could not pull himself out of the deep shock.
The huge Chaotic World was just a tool to provide energy for others. This result was indeed difficult to accept.
After leaving the Ultimate Circulation space, Luo Zheng returned to the first space, which was the space of infinite proliferation.
As soon as he entered this space, a trace of coldness suddenly blew from behind him.
At the same time, he heard a weird and cold voice.
"Do you want to stay here …?"
A little boy with a frightening appearance opened his mouth and asked.
When Luo Zheng had just entered this space, he had been chased by the little boy all the way.
Although Luo Zheng could fight back, under the infinite proliferation of the little boy, Luo Zheng had no choice but to escape …
But now, the moment Luo Zheng gazed at the little boy, he felt the Divine Blood of Origin in his body surging, like ripples on a lake. The attribute of the Divine Blood of Origin was constantly changing, and the energy of several attributes of life and destruction merged together.
"I can stay here," Luo Zheng raised his finger.
A grey thing appeared on the tip of his finger. It looked like a small worm.
The little boy originally had a gloomy appearance, and his eyes were filled with ridicule, but after seeing the small gray insect in Luo Zheng's hand, his eyes revealed great fear.
"Waaah —"
With a strange, ear-piercing cry, the little boy began to retreat.
This little boy was the embodiment of the Divine Blood of Origin, "Infinite Proliferation". The energy of the small insect in Luo Zheng's hand was the complete opposite of Infinite Proliferation, and could completely restrain the little boy. Naturally, the little boy was instinctively afraid of the small insect.
But just as the little boy retreated a few feet, Luo Zheng had already caught up. With a light slap of his hand, the small gray insect was slapped into the little boy's body.
Soon …
The little boy's body swelled with fist-sized blisters. His entire body stretched and twisted, and his appearance became terrifying and strange. Finally, everything inside his body dissolved, and the human skin disappeared in a pool of pus and blood.
Luo Zheng crouched down, reached out his hand, and lightly dipped it in the pus and blood. He then said, "If the Divine Blood of Origin that can multiply without limit and fuse with the abilities of eleven diagrams can be called an Divine Blood, then the one I just created can also be considered an Divine Blood!"
The small gray insect in his hand reappeared. This small gray insect was nothing more than Luo Zheng's instincts.
Then, Luo Zheng returned to the stone platform of the Hexagonal Star Array. Previously, he had used this stone platform to enter this space.
When Luo Zheng stood on it, the stone platform was completely still.
He lowered his head and glanced at it. He had already sensed the laws of space-time within the stone platform.
"Buzz!"
The Divine Blood of Origin in Luo Zheng's body surged again, and adjusted to the space-time attribute of his bloodline.