Both the Feather Emperor Secret Realm and the Divine Emperor Secret Realm were extremely dangerous places for the warriors of the Holy Nations.
However, compared to the Tian Chen Secret Realm, they paled in comparison.
In the Feather Emperor Secret Realm, as long as one followed the rules and experience, there wouldn't be any major problems.
However, the Tian Chen Secret Realm was a place of depravity. Apart from the clansmen of the Dragon Bloodline, no other creatures were allowed to enter!
In order to solve this problem, the four Holy Nations joined forces and discussed many times. In the end, they came up with an alternative.
That was to make use of the corpses in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm.
The Divine Emperor Secret Realm kept the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline clansmen. Many of the corpses had been treated with a secret method and could withstand the baptism of time.
By occupying their corpses and using them to enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm, one wouldn't be rejected by the power of blood sacrifice in the Tian Chen Secret Realm!
However, even so, the four Holy Nations were still in the initial stage of exploring the Tian Chen Secret Realm. After all, there were many restrictions after occupying the corpses. Moreover, the corpses in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm were not easy to obtain.
After hearing King Yan's explanation, Luo Zheng finally had a rough understanding of these mystic realms. The so-called four mystic realms originally complemented each other. To put it bluntly, the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was the lair of the Dragon Vein Tribe. However, there were many restrictions and rules if one wanted to explore it.
Luo Zheng understood that he couldn't enter the secret realm recklessly. The four Holy Nations had spent so many years and entered it like treading on thin ice. It seemed that it wouldn't be easy to obtain the Origin Stone of Life and the Ancestral Dragon egg.
Even without the obstruction of the Divine Sea Realm and the Life and Death Realm experts, Luo Zheng couldn't enter easily …
Now, it seemed that it was inevitable to cooperate with King Yan.
"After I get the Iron Order, I will form a team and enter the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. Since Luo Tianxing wants to excavate the Origin Stone of Life, you will have to help me!" King Yan laughed. He was afraid that he would not be able to keep someone like Luo Zheng.
Even though he had been conferred the title of King and received many rewards every year, he still couldn't compare to the Crown Prince. The Crown Prince was the heir apparent, and the difference between the two was huge.
Putting aside whether Luo Zheng was a profit-oriented person, Prince Yan and Luo Zheng didn't have much of a friendship. On the contrary, they had some bad blood before! The only reason why King Yan could keep Luo Zheng was because of his sincerity.
King Yan was also an extremely intelligent person. Therefore, when he talked with Luo Zheng, he did not hide anything. Every word he said was from the bottom of his heart.
Now that Luo Zheng had the same goal as him, of course, he would go with the flow and pull Luo Zheng into his team.
King of Yan knew this very well. Luo Zheng used to be very wary of the people in the God's Nation. It was also because of King of Yan's straightforward character that he was willing to follow King of Yan to his mansion.
"No problem." Luo Zheng smiled and nodded.
"Good!" King of Yan clapped his hands and shouted, "Bring me the wine!"
Then, good wine and delicacies were placed in front of them.
This wine was as rich as blood. It didn't smell like alcohol at all. Instead, it gave off an extremely sweet fragrance.
Seeing the hesitation on Luo Zheng's face, King of Yan smiled and said, "This is the Black Iron Divine Nation's Qi Luo Fragrance! Even with our cultivation, we will also get drunk! "
Ordinary good wine had no effect on the body of a martial artist. Therefore, martial artists drinking wine was similar to ordinary people drinking water. No matter how much they drank, they wouldn't get drunk.
After King of Yan finished speaking, in order to dispel Luo Zheng's doubts, he took the first step and poured the blood-like Qi Luo Fragrance into his mouth. Then, he turned the jade cup over and smiled at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled and raised his cup as well. Then, he drank it in one gulp.
He was just curious about this wine. With his body that was immune to poison, it was harder to poison him than to kill himself …
Then, they touched each other and chatted happily.
After drinking a few pots of Qi Luo Fragrance, both of them were indeed a little drunk. King of Yan suddenly said to the maidservant, "Go and call the Princess Consort here!"
The maidservant hesitated for a while and said, "Your Highness, I'm afraid the Princess Consort has already gone to bed …"
"Even if she is asleep, call her here!" King of Yan roared.
Seeing that King of Yan was angry, the maidservant didn't dare to delay. She nodded and left.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng was baffled. What did the King of Yan mean by calling his woman over?
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes, King of Yan smiled. He held a luminous cup with both hands and shook it in front of Luo Zheng. Then, he drank it in one gulp.
"There is a saying in our Black Iron Divine Nation. If you can see Hanxuan dance, you will be willing to give up a hundred years of your life. This woman is the most beautiful woman in our Black Iron Divine Nation! Brother Tianxing, I will open your eyes in a while! "King of Yan said with some drunkenness.
"Isn't this inappropriate?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He was speechless when he heard this.
He really didn't know what was wrong with King of Yan. Why did he ask his wife to dance in the middle of drinking? After all, she was the Princess Consort. How could he humiliate her like this?
"There's nothing inappropriate!" King of Yan waved his hand. "I'm happy today!"
The more King of Yan said this, the more uncomfortable Luo Zheng felt. Although King of Yan also said that this Princess Consort was arranged by the Crown Prince to be by his side, as a King, it must be very painful for his wife to sleep in the same bed as him.
But he couldn't humiliate her like this, right?
After a while, the woman walked in angrily under the lead of several maidservants.
King of Yan waved his hand and said to the woman, "Hanxuan! Come, perform … a song and dance for us! "
The woman named Hanxuan came in angrily. As the Princess Consort of King of Yan, how could she let her husband humiliate her like this?
Hanxuan's face was full of anger. Of course, she wouldn't obey. She was also born in a prestigious family. It was just that she had an outstanding appearance since she was a child. She was also very famous in the Black Iron Divine Nation. A woman of her status usually had no choice but to marry King of Yan under the arrangement of the Crown Prince.
For more than a year, the two of them didn't have any feelings for each other. After all, she was the Crown Prince's woman. They only maintained this relationship on the surface. The fate of her entire family was in the hands of the Crown Prince. She could only listen to the Crown Prince.
Under the Crown Prince's order, she had to truthfully report King of Yan's movements every once in a while.
King of Yan was also well aware of this. Everyone in the huge King of Yan's Mansion was the Crown Prince's people. Everything was arranged by the Crown Prince. To put it bluntly, the Crown Prince thought that King of Yan was too big of a threat, so he secretly put King of Yan under house arrest.
She naturally knew that King of Yan was also wary of her. But he couldn't humiliate her like this!
Of course, Hanxuan was furious at this moment!
Seeing that Hanxuan didn't move, King of Yan's face instantly revealed a furious expression. An extremely sharp killing intent was released and immediately shrouded her. "If I ask you to dance, you will dance. Otherwise, I will kill you!"
Under such a gaze, Hanxuan's heart instantly trembled. If King of Yan really killed her, no one would say a few words for her!
She had no choice but to grit her teeth and agree.
As the musician played the music, the woman danced gracefully in front of Luo Zheng and King of Yan …
Looking at her unreconciled expression and hatred, Luo Zheng also sighed. However, he sighed in his heart. This could be considered a misfortune of the family. Only the royal family would have such disputes.
However, Luo Zheng also knew that King of Yan had two motives for saying this. On the one hand, he hated everyone in the King of Yan's Mansion to the extreme. Even his own princess consort was the Crown Prince's woman. With King of Yan's character, it was indeed unbearable. He said this to vent his anger.
On the other hand, he had the factor of gaining Luo Zheng's trust.
However, King of Yan was still too young. He wasn't even 20 years old, but he didn't consider the consequences when doing things. He only wanted to achieve his own goals. If the princess consort personally came out to perform for the guests, he would lose half of his face if this spread out. It was really ridiculous!