Although Hanxuan's dance was graceful, how could Luo Zheng be in the mood to appreciate it in such a strange atmosphere?
King Yan's face was extremely ferocious, as if torturing his consort was a way to vent his anger.
After the song ended, Luo Zheng got up and found an excuse to leave.
No matter how King Yan and the Crown Prince fought, Luo Zheng only needed to move forward according to his goal.
He had obtained some Life Origin Stones from King Yan's Mansion, but the quantity was far from enough. However, Luo Zheng had a clearer understanding of Sky Feather Sacred Ocean.
Luo Zheng had to enter Sky Feather Sacred Ocean, but Luo Zheng wouldn't waste the time.
Other than cultivating, he also wanted to purchase more Origin Stones of Life.
Lonely Crane City was the second largest city in Black Iron Divine Nation. Moreover, it had the Profound Jade Martial House, a cultivation holy land comparable to a sixth grade sect.
There were no sects in the Divine Nation, but there were various aristocratic families. The most powerful aristocratic family in the Central Domain was only a third grade aristocratic family. There had never been a fourth grade aristocratic family.
However, there were many fourth grade aristocratic families and even fifth grade aristocratic families in Lonely Crane City. The Patriarchs of these families were generally at the fourth or fifth level of Life and Death Realm.
Since King Yan's Mansion had Life Origin Stones, he should be able to find a lot in Lonely Crane City. If he could spend True Yuan Stones to buy them, Luo Zheng wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
Therefore, while cultivating, Luo Zheng looked for opportunities to inquire about Life Origin Stones.
However, after inquiring, he couldn't help but feel disappointed.
The Origin Stone of Life could replenish one's life force. It was an irresistible temptation for martial artists. Even if such a thing existed, it would be used up quickly. There were very few left. King Yan's residence had a lot of treasures. Therefore, there were only a few Origin Stones of Life that were taken out.
This cut off Luo Zheng's thoughts of spending money to buy Life Origin Stones. He could only wait to explore Sky Feather Sacred Ocean.
However, opening the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea wasn't something that Luo Zheng could decide on. Instead, the four Divine Kingdoms had to work together to allow the Divine Kingdom's martial artists to enter. Even if Luo Zheng was anxious, he couldn't rush it.
Half a month later, King of Yan came to visit again. After meeting him, King of Yan said, "Come, follow me! Let me take you to see my men! "
"Your men?" Luo Zheng was a little suspicious.
Luo Zheng did not probe further. He followed King Yan and headed straight to the Profound Jade Martial House.
The Black Jade Martial House occupied a huge area and there were countless halls and halls. The martial artists were very respectful when they saw King Yan. They bowed and made way for him.
As they continued forward, they arrived at a hall within the Martial House. Inside the hall, two men and a woman were seated. The three of them were also late stage Nihility Tribulation Realm cultivators.
With a casual sweep of his perception, Luo Zheng could tell that these three were not weak. They were basically god-grade geniuses.
The King of Yan stepped in. The three of them opened their eyes at the same time. The lady in her early twenties smiled at the King of Yan. "Huahua, you are here!"
"Huahua …" Luo Zheng did not know why King Yan had such a nickname.
King Yan pretended to be angry and said, "I have said that you are not allowed to call me that!"
"Huahua is the cutest when he is angry!" The lady was not offended. She was still smiling. Obviously, she was a very lively lady.
The other two people also said, "Yue Ying, you cannot be so rude to King Yan!"
Under such dissuasion, the lady named Yue Ying turned her gaze to Luo Zheng. Her beautiful round eyes kept looking at Luo Zheng. She then continued, "Huahua, who is this guy?"
King Yan smiled slightly. He patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and said, "Let me introduce him to you. This is Luo Tianxing. He will be joining us temporarily."
Then, King Yan said to Luo Zheng, "Brother Tianxing, these three people are the team that I have formed. They are Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen. With you, there are five of us!"
There was no limit to the number of people in the Secret Realm of the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea. After so many years of exploration, the four Holy Kingdoms had gradually optimized the best plan.
It was best to form a small team to explore the Secret Realm of the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea. The best number of people was five.
Every Holy Kingdom would send a few such small teams to enter the Secret Realm.
King Yan and the Crown Prince were secretly forming their own teams. However, compared to the Crown Prince, King Yan was naturally at a disadvantage. Moreover, it was not a small disadvantage!
King Yan's talent and strength were probably not below the Crown Prince. However, the three people in front of him could not be compared to Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan.
This was also the reason why King Yan wanted to rope Luo Zheng in.
"The five of us are here? Huahua, are you joking? "The girl called Yue Ying sized up Luo Zheng. However, her eyes revealed a disdainful expression.
No matter if it was Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong and the rest, they were all from the Rank Five Aristocratic Families in Lonely Crane City. Moreover, they were the disciples of the most elite aristocratic families.
Their strength might not be comparable to Zhan Yun's, but in the Profound Jade Martial House, they could be ranked at the top of the second echelon. After these three people were chosen by King Yan, they did not even participate in the assessment. The problem of the Black Iron Token was settled by King Yan.
During this period of time, they had also gathered together to train with each other in preparation for the expedition to the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea.
Now that King Yan had suddenly led a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm warrior to join them, Yue Ying and the rest did not understand.
In the Profound Jade Martial House, there were many Late Stage False Tribulation Realm warriors. Why would it be this kid's turn?
Hearing Yue Ying's words, how could King Yan not understand what she meant? It was obvious that he looked down on Luo Zheng, this "teammate."
"Brother Tianxing, please don't be offended." King Yan was afraid that Luo Zheng might have some thoughts.
Who knew that Yue Ying's round eyes would turn, "What's there to be offended about? To be able to catch King Yan's eye and join us is also his fortune. But Huahua, I still don't understand why you want to pull a burden into your team."
King Yan smiled slightly, "Luo Zheng is not a burden. If I'm not wrong, he might be the pillar of our team!"
Hearing King Yan's words, Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen's expressions immediately changed.
Even though their temperaments were not as noisy as Yue Ying's, people who could cooperate with King Yan would have some pride in their hearts. No matter where they were placed, they would be one in ten thousand people.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was only at the Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm. How could he enter their eyes?
But since King Yan had said so, this meant that this person was not to be underestimated! Pillar? In their team, there would always be only one pillar, and that was King Yan himself. Could it be that this ancient martial art practitioner called Luo Tianxing was more powerful than King Yan?
Yue Ying sneered and looked at Luo Zheng provocatively, "I don't believe it! Huahua is joking with us for no reason. "
"Joking?" King Yan also knew that if Luo Zheng did not show his skills, it would be very difficult to convince them, "If you think I'm joking, you can spar with Brother Tianxing!"
As soon as King Yan finished speaking, the three of them stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes. It seemed that they all wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless smile, "This, there's no need, right?"
"You said there's no need, but it's indeed useless!" As soon as the woman called Yue Ying finished speaking, her figure suddenly flashed. She stretched out her jade-like hand and slapped towards Luo Zheng.
Just as she moved, thousands of jade-like hands suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. This woman was like a thousand-hand Guanyin. In the blink of an eye, she had attacked thousands of times. It was almost watertight, sealing off all of Luo Zheng's escape routes.
"This woman's speed is abnormally fast!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He realized that a very special Power of Law had erupted from this woman's body. Luo Zheng had never seen such a Power of Law before!
"The Time Law?"
The two most powerful laws in the universe were the Time Law and the Space Law.
Luo Zheng had mastered the Space Law, but he had never seen anyone master the Time Law. He did not expect to see it from this woman called Yue Ying.
It was also because of the acceleration of the Time Law that this woman was able to attack Luo Zheng so many times in the blink of an eye!
"Yue Ying! King Yan only wants you to spar with him. Don't hurt him! "The warrior called Zuo Chuandong exhorted.
After all, Luo Zheng was only at the Middle Stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Yue Ying usually did not know the severity of the situation. If she seriously injured Luo Zheng, it would not be good to be blamed by King Yan.
However, King Yan's expression was calm, as if he was not worried about Luo Zheng at all.
＝＝＝＝＝