Yue Ying replied with a smile, "Don't worry, I won't hurt this kid!"
However, just as she finished speaking, the palm print she waved out became sharper and sharper.
Don't look at her slender jade-like hands. Even if it was a bronze statue made of fine iron, it would be shattered by her. If Luo Zheng was unable to deal with it, he would definitely be injured.
Luo Zheng's eyes burst out with a sparkling light as he tried to comprehend the Law of Time in Yue Ying's body.
"It's useless if you don't resist. I'll really attack!" When Yue Ying saw that Luo Zheng was in a daze, she felt even more disdain in her heart. Who knew what this guy used to coax Huahua into joining this team?
She chopped down at Luo Zheng's head with eighty percent of her strength!
Luo Zheng comprehended for a long time, but he shook his head. He reached out his hand and gently pinched, easily holding Yue Ying's jade-like hands in his hand. He then said softly, "The Law of Time contained in it is too little. I can't comprehend it."
He held Yue Ying's hands so easily, as if Yue Ying didn't attack Luo Zheng just now, but took the initiative to reach out and let Luo Zheng hold her hands.
Yue Ying was stunned for a moment. She wanted to take her hands back from Luo Zheng's hands, but she found that her hands were clamped by a pair of large pliers. She couldn't pull her hands out at all.
Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen originally wanted to watch a good show. They wanted to see what kind of method Luo Zheng would use to resist Yue Ying's move.
Yue Ying's "Thousand Leaves Jade Hands" attack was like falling petals, dazzling people's eyes. It contained a trace of the Law of Time, which could change the flow of time in her body for a short period of time. It was impossible to break, and could only be broken by using more powerful methods.
However, they never expected that Luo Zheng would break it with just a casual pinch. This made the two of them look at each other in dismay. When their eyes met, they were filled with shock.
A faint smile appeared on King Yan's face, as if everything was within his expectations. However, there was still some surprise in his smile. He thought that Luo Zheng would be able to break Yue Ying's move, but he didn't expect it to be so easy and simple. It was as if he was eating and drinking water …
It seemed that Luo Zheng's strength had far surpassed the level of the False Tribulation Realm. Only like this could he reach such a realm!
"You, let go!" Yue Ying wanted to pull her hands out, but after trying a few times, she was unable to do so. Her round eyes were wide open as she stared at Luo Zheng. There was even a hint of crimson on her cheeks.
Only then did Luo Zheng gently release his hands, with a trace of a smile on his face. Before he could even speak, Yue Ying said: "What do you mean by the power of the Time Laws is too little? .............
Hearing this, everyone's face was filled with curiosity.
It was extremely difficult to comprehend the laws. Moreover, Yue Ying had used the law of time, which was activated by her own True Essence. The power of the law would become chaotic after being activated by her True Essence, and only the person herself could control it. This Luo Zheng wanted to comprehend the power of the law during a battle. This was simply wishful thinking.
What they didn't know was that after Luo Zheng had experienced the baptism of the power of law, he had the highest affinity with the power of law in the entire universe. Simply comprehending the power of law was quite difficult for others, but it wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng.
The two most powerful laws were the law of space and the law of time. Luo Zheng had already comprehended the law of space, but Luo Zheng had never come into contact with the law of time. This was the first time Luo Zheng had seen the law of time!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "If there's a chance to comprehend it, I will naturally not let it go …"
"Pah pah!" Yue Ying snorted coldly, "Even I have only comprehended 10% of the law of time! How can it be so easy to comprehend! "
"It's 10% of the first level of the law of time, right?" Luo Zheng asked without any understanding of the situation.
At this time, Yue Ying's face revealed an expression of wanting to kill someone as she stared fiercely at Luo Zheng!
Unlike the other basic laws in the universe, the law of time and the law of space were very precious and rare, and the difficulty of cultivating them was also much higher.
Luo Zheng's first level of the law of space was learned in the True Dragon World, and the second level of the law of space was learned from the talent stele in the Sin Tower. Whether it was the law of space or the law of time, it was very difficult to find a law stele in this vast world.
The law of time that Yue Ying cultivated was more difficult than the law of space. At the same time, its power was also more powerful than the other basic laws. Under the change of the flow of time, there was too much room for a cultivator to display!
Therefore, for Yue Ying to be able to comprehend 10% of the first level of the law of time was enough for her to be proud of her peers.
However, from Luo Zheng's point of view, it seemed a little regretful. Seeing Luo Zheng like this, Yue Ying was naturally angry!
At this moment, King Yan walked over with a smile and said nonchalantly, "Alright, let's stop probing. Brother Tian Xing's strength should not be below mine. If he can join our team, he will definitely be a great help."
"Hmph!" Yue Ying still had an unconvinced expression on her face.
However, just now, Luo Zheng had casually resolved her attack. In addition, under King Yan's appreciation, she already understood that Luo Zheng's strength was probably on par with people like Zhan Yun. He was a true monstrous genius of the first level!
How many cultivators were there in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom? At this stage, there were only four people. Luo Zheng's strength was probably not something she could imagine.
At this time, King Yan said to Luo Zheng, "I can see that you have always been a lone wolf. You don't seem to understand the meaning of a team?"
Hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng immediately thought of Cui Xie's Tian Xie Sect. Back then, the Tian Xie Sect had a special battle technique that could combine the vital essences of tens of thousands of Divine Reflection Realm cultivators, allowing these low-level cultivators to unleash a terrifying strength.
Luo Zheng nodded.
King Yan waved to Zuo Chuandong, Yue Ying and the others. He walked to the center of the hall and stretched out a hand to Luo Zheng. Then, he said, "You can try to attack me!"
Zuo Chuandong and Yue Ying stood on both sides of King Yan, while Lan Chen stood behind him.
"King Yan wants to combine the strength of the four of them?" Luo Zheng sized them up curiously. Since he had already agreed to join the King of Yan's team, he had to blend in as well. When he thought of this, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly swayed and he dashed towards the King of Yan.
Before Luo Zheng could get close, Zuo Chuandong stretched out his hand and rays of light purple vital essences spiraled out of his body. Those vital essences kept revolving around King Yan!
Yue Ying, who was at the side, smiled sweetly. With a wave of her jade-like hand, a thin curtain of light was formed. The moment Luo Zheng rushed towards the curtain of light, he immediately felt that everything around him seemed to slow down. Even his own speed was incomparably slow!
"It's the Law of Time! The three of them have completely become King Yan's assistants at this time … "A thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind.
At this moment, King Yan's figure suddenly flashed and he came behind Luo Zheng in an instant. With a flip of his hand, a sharp dagger appeared and he placed it on Luo Zheng's neck. With the cooperation of these people, it was indeed a perfect combination.
However, Luo Zheng's reaction was also extremely fast. Yue Ying's understanding of the Law of Time was not deep. Luo Zheng's body twisted slightly like a fish and he slid away from King Yan's dagger. With a confident smile on his face, he stretched out his hand and wanted to snatch the dagger from King Yan's hand.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a huge shock in his mind. It was as if a mountain-splitting axe had chopped into Luo Zheng's head. It was the martial artist named Lan Chen who had launched a Soul Attack on him.
If it were other people, it would be difficult for them to withstand the Soul Attack under such multiple attacks. Even if they could barely withstand it, they would be distracted. How could they withstand King Yan's attack when they were distracted?
However, how could Lan Chen imagine that Luo Zheng's soul was about to enter the Blue Soul Realm? His level of Soul Attack was just a tickle to Luo Zheng!
However, Luo Zheng was unwilling to expose his full strength. He deliberately pretended to groan and leaned forward. King Yan's dagger was placed on Luo Zheng's neck again.
However, King Yan revealed a "successful" smile. He wanted to prove to Luo Zheng that their combined strength was far stronger than Luo Zheng's individual strength.
However, King Yan did not expect that even if the four of them joined forces, they were still no match for Luo Zheng. However, they were only here to learn from each other. Luo Zheng was unwilling to reveal too much of his strength.
"Hua Hua, kill him! Humph! " Seeing that Luo Zheng was restrained by King Yan, Yue Ying revealed a proud smile. It was obvious that she was still brooding over Luo Zheng's actions.
King Yan was only demonstrating to Luo Zheng once. Why would he listen to Yue Ying's words? He smiled and removed the dagger from Luo Zheng's neck.
"There is not much time left. After entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, we will face a lot of competition. If you have time, you can practice with Yue Ying and the rest. The five of us must obtain the best results in this trip to the Secret Realm!" King Yan's eyes shone with a glimmer of hope.
He had been suppressed by the Crown Prince all this time. He was looking for a chance to turn the tables.
Although the Crown Prince was powerful, he did not control everything. If King Yan could gain the recognition of his father, the Crown Prince would definitely restrain himself.
Luo Zheng nodded. King Yan's goal did not conflict with his own. If he could achieve his goal and help King Yan, he would not shrink back!
During this period of time, Luo Zheng temporarily stayed in the Black Jade Martial House to "practice" with the three of them.
Luo Zheng slowly became familiar with the characters of the three of them. The warrior named Zuo Chuandong was more docile and easy-going. In comparison, Lan Chen was more rigid and not good with words. As for Yue Ying, she was lively, cheerful and carefree.
Luo Zheng finally understood why the King of Yan had chosen the three of them as his understanding of their cultivation method.
Whether it was Zuo Chuandong, Lan Chen, or Yue Ying, the three of them were not good at attacking. It seemed that the cultivation techniques they mainly cultivated were all auxiliary!
For example, Yue Ying's Law of Time was mainly used to slow down the opponent's speed. Under the cover of her Law of Time, she could make the opponent extremely slow in an instant. It was also in this instant that she could take the opponent's life!
As for Zuo Chuandong, he was good at creating many obstacles for the opponent. As for Lan Chen, he cultivated a cultivation technique that could disturb the mind!
This kind of martial technique inheritance was completely different from the Central Domain or the Sea God Continent!
The Central Domain and the Sea God Continent pursued the ultimate strength of an individual. They rarely cooperated with others.
This False Tribulation Realm warrior could achieve such an effect by cooperating with each other. What if five or six Divine Sea Realm warriors cooperated with each other? Luo Zheng could imagine that even if Liu Yu's individual strength was very strong, if five Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Sea God Continent were to fight against five Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Divine Kingdom, the chances of the Divine Sea Realm warriors from the Divine Kingdom winning would be much higher!
In this hall, Luo Zheng cultivated with them. Occasionally, they would exchange some questions about martial arts.
However, most of the time, it was Luo Zheng who asked them for advice.
The inheritances of the Divine Kingdom were indeed much richer than those of the Central Domain. Moreover, a considerable part of their inheritances came from the Human Clan of the Upper Domain. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng did not know which force the inheritances of the four Divine Kingdoms belonged to.
As time passed, King Yan seemed to become busy. He rarely appeared in the Martial House. He was busy with some affairs of the Imperial Family.
Three months later, the Profound Jade Martial House suddenly summoned all the False Tribulation Realm warriors who had passed the examination. Naturally, Luo Zheng was included.
Luo Zheng knew that the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was about to open. The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was equivalent to the treasury of the four Divine Kingdoms. It was equivalent to the status of the Mysterious Underworld Cave in the Sea God Continent. He did not know how they would assign warriors to enter.
However, Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and Zuo Chuandong were not invited. They belonged to King Yan and did not participate in the examination. They would probably set off with King Yan.