The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was somewhat similar to the Cursed Lands. It was also located in the center of a continent. For the vast majority of cultivators, it was also a forbidden land.
However, the Cursed Lands was a forbidden land for high level cultivators while the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was a forbidden land for low level cultivators. There was a fundamental difference between the two.
Almost every year, the four Divine Kingdoms would jointly explore the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The sacred land left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan was an inexhaustible treasure trove for these Divine Kingdoms. The reason why the four Divine Kingdoms were able to develop to this day was not only because of the resources in the endless seas around the Divine Kingdoms' continents, but also because of the secret realms in the sacred sea!
In the eyes of the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was naturally a treasure among treasures.
All the selected cultivators of the Profound Jade Martial House boarded a huge ark. This ark was like a floating palace with hundreds of floors, enough to accommodate tens of thousands of people.
Luo Zheng followed the other cultivators who passed the test and entered the ark. After the ark rose into the sky, it sped towards the northwest.
It was obvious that every Void Tribulation Realm cultivator who passed the test was very excited.
To be selected by a Divine Kingdom and enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea to gain experience, they would all become proud sons of heaven in the future!
Someone once made a statistic. In the four Divine Kingdoms, almost 99% of the Divine Sea Realm cultivators who entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for the first time achieved good results.
The secret realms in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea were a measuring stick to assess the potential of a Divine Kingdom's cultivator. Therefore, every Void Tribulation Realm cultivator present would do their best without the slightest negligence.
"So beautiful! I've always heard that the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea is golden. Today is the first time I've seen it! "
"The golden light is said to be the power left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan after the blood sacrifice of hundreds of millions of lives!"
Most of the people crowded into the ark's Class-A, admiring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea from high up in the sky.
Luo Zheng was also standing on the deck, admiring the golden sea. He could feel the power of the blood sacrifice contained in the golden light. The Dragon Bloodline Clan was defeated and hundreds of millions of lives were sacrificed. There must be a great deal of unwillingness contained within …
Luo Zheng gazed into the distance, trying to place his gaze even further away. However, under the cover of this golden ocean, Luo Zheng could not find any traces of those secret realms.
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, the four mystic realms should correspond to the four islands of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. However, although the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was only an inland sea, Luo Zheng was still unable to find those islands.
These days, Luo Zheng was very anxious, but sometimes it was useless to be anxious. Although he had no opponents in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng's strength was not enough to crush everything in the four Divine Kingdoms.
Even though the speed of the ark was extremely fast, it still took them a full two days and three nights to reach their destination. It wasn't until dawn of the third day that a large river finally appeared in front of them!
"It's the West Dragon River! It's the estuary of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea! "
One end of the West Dragon River was connected to the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. However, the spectacular thing was that the golden seawater of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was like a cup overflowing with fine wine. Although a corner of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was connected to the river, the golden seawater did not flow into the river.
Therefore, one end of the West Dragon River was azure in color, while the other end of the river suddenly turned golden. The connection was very abrupt.
On one side of the river, there were already more than twenty giant arks docked. It seemed that there were many cultivators from other Martial Houses here as well.
The Profound Jade Martial House's ark slowly docked. Under the lead of three Divine Sea Realm experts, many False Tribulation Realm cultivators also left the ark.
Just a few dozen li away from the West Dragon River, there was a huge palace. In front of the palace was a square that was over ten thousand mu in size. At this moment, there were many cultivators gathered in the square.
"Cultivators from the four Divine Kingdoms." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
After the Sky Feather Sacred Sea opened, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom was not the only one that entered. The Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, and the Star Field Divine Kingdom also entered.
Today was the day that the cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms gathered.
In this huge square, the young cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms each occupied their own territory. Many Life and Death Realm experts and Divine Sea Realm experts occupied the steps in front of the palace.
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over and found that there were more than thirty Divine Sea Realm experts standing at the top of the steps.
Even though Luo Zheng was quite a distance away, Luo Zheng could still feel the terrifying aura emitted by these Divine Sea Realm experts!
"The foundation of the four Divine Kingdoms is indeed incomparable to that of the Central Region. In their eyes, the Central Region is just a small Uncivilized Land. I wonder if there are any movements in the Divine Kingdom after I killed the two Divine Sea Realm experts of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom?"
Luo Zheng was most worried about encountering the Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
Back in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng had a big conflict with the Saintess. If the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom appeared here today, it would be a big trouble for Luo Zheng.
Not to mention so many Divine Sea Realm experts, even if Luo Zheng was targeted by only one Divine Sea Realm expert, it would be impossible for him to escape!
After Luo Zheng followed the disciples of the Profound Jade Martial House into the square, he heard a loud voice coming from the top of the palace. "Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Profound Jade Martial House has arrived!"
The voice was so sharp that it almost spread over a hundred li radius.
Luo Zheng mixed in with the other cultivators and entered the huge square. The three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Profound Jade Martial House stood on the steps of the palace.
However, the positions of the Profound Jade Martial House's three Martial House Masters were slightly lower, at the bottom half of the steps.
On the square, many False Tribulation Realm cultivators occupied different positions according to their respective vassal states. For example, the Profound Jade Martial House and the Black Name Martial House were both from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, so the cultivators of these two Martial Houses were gathered together.
Not long after, a huge ark descended from the sky and stopped at the river's edge.
Then, the sharp voice sounded again, "Star Field Divine Kingdom, Great Xuan Martial House has arrived!"
From the ark, four Divine Sea Realm experts appeared and slowly flew to the top of the palace's steps. Compared to the positions of the three Martial House Masters of the Profound Jade Martial House, the positions occupied by the Great Xuan Martial House were several levels higher!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng understood in his heart.
Although this Divine Kingdom's mainland was occupied by the four Divine Kingdoms, as long as there were people, there would be differences!
The Black Iron Divine Kingdom might not be the strongest among the four Divine Kingdoms.
Although the Profound Jade Martial House was comparable to a sixth grade sect, it was also not the strongest Martial House. The position of the newly arrived Great Xuan Martial House should be above the Profound Jade Martial House.
Luo Zheng's guess was indeed correct.
For so many years, the four Divine Kingdoms had maintained a delicate balance, but there were differences in strength.
Over the years, these four positions had been swapped back and forth, and the seating arrangement had changed frequently.
However, in the last hundred years, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was the most prosperous, followed by the Star Field Divine Kingdom, followed by the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, and finally the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
Of course, this ranking was only based on the overall performance of a country's forces and the younger generation. Among the kings of a Divine Nation, the War Emperor and War Emperor had a lifespan of tens of thousands of years. Under normal circumstances, the kings of Divine Nations would not fight with each other, so it was difficult to determine who was better.
Therefore, this ranking did not mean that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom was weaker than the Great Yu Divine Kingdom!
"Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, Spirit Communication Martial House has arrived!"
"Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Cloud Dragon Martial House has arrived!"
"…"
Every Martial House was at least a fifth grade sect. The number of Divine Sea Realm experts on the platform was constantly increasing, and the number of False Tribulation Realm warriors on the square was also increasing.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a ray of light blooming in the corner of his eyes. He looked up and saw a dot of light in the west. It was like a small sun, flying rapidly in the sky!
When the dot of light got closer and closer, Luo Zheng could tell from the dot of light that it was actually a golden palace!
The golden palace flew at an extremely fast speed and stopped at the West Dragon River in the blink of an eye. Then, a deep laughter came from the palace.
"Haha! It seems that this old man is early. Ao Xiao and the other old men are not here yet! "
Then, Luo Zheng saw hundreds of figures fly out from the golden palace. The one in the lead was a middle-aged man with a flushed face.
With just a glance, Luo Zheng could feel an irresistible aura coming from this person. This aura wasn't an aura released by soul pressure, but an aura that had been slowly cultivated by being in a high position for many years!
Even Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land did not have this kind of aura. After all, Liu Yu had only been in charge of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land for 200 years. Luo Zheng had only felt this kind of aura from Xun!
Of course, when Xun released his aura, it was even fiercer than this person's! This person's aura was only aimed at human martial artists, but Xun's aura could almost overwhelm all living beings.
"Star Field Divine Kingdom, Sky Fortune Kingdom's King has arrived!" A shrill voice sounded out.
"So it's the King of the Star Field Divine Kingdom! The four Divine Kingdoms are the rulers of this continent. Then, this person's strength should be at least in the top four of the Divine Kingdoms' continents? "Luo Zheng guessed.
The Sky Fortune King laughed, but he didn't obediently fly to the palace. Instead, he stopped above the square for a moment, sweeping his eyes over the many Virtual Tribulation realm martial artists. Then, the Sky Fortune King said, "Where are the disciples and grand disciples of my Star Field Divine Kingdom!?"
Hearing their King ask such a question, the martial artists of the Great Xuan Martial House and the other Martial Houses of the Star Field Divine Kingdom immediately responded like thunder, "Greetings, King! We are here! "
Several hundred Virtual Tribulation realm martial artists roared at the same time, causing the ground to tremble.