"Not bad. Hehe, little brats, perform well in a moment!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King said with a smile. Then, he led the people behind him to stand on the highest platform.
Among the martial artists that followed behind the Sky Fortune Kingdom King, there were Life and Death powerhouses as well as many False Tribulation realm martial artists. These should be the princes and princes of the Star Field Divine Kingdom …
After the Star Field Divine Kingdom's King arrived, not too far away, a stream of blue light shot towards them. This stream of light was like a comet, dragging a long trail behind it as it shot towards them.
As this stream of light approached, Luo Zheng discovered that it was actually a giant sword that had been magnified countless times.
"The King of Yu Da Divine Kingdom has arrived!" Someone recognized the origin of this giant sword.
Sure enough, after the giant sword stopped at the riverside, many Divine Sea realm powerhouses appeared from the giant sword, followed by several hundred people.
At this time, a shrill voice announced, "The King of Yu Da Divine Kingdom, Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu has arrived!"
Compared to the Star Field Divine Kingdom's King Tian Yun, Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu's personality was much more gloomy. He flew all the way to the square, but didn't say a single word. He led his people directly to the top of the platform.
Luo Zheng carefully sized up the crowd and saw a woman with a veil on her face following behind Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu. The veil couldn't cover her face. Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched and he shrank back into the crowd.
This woman was the Divine Kingdom's Saintess!
He didn't know what the status of this Saintess was in Yu Da Divine Kingdom. If she saw him, would those Divine Sea realm powerhouses make things difficult for him?
Just like the two Kings that had just arrived. Whether it was the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King or Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu, they were both Divine Sea realm powerhouses. However, there were also differences between Divine Sea realm powerhouses. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was impossible for him to escape from their hands.
What if the Saintess said something? Would Battle Emperor Da Yu attack him?
Luo Zheng felt a little anxious, but he quickly took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. He believed in his own luck. He had survived so many difficulties, and now Luo Zheng was trying to calm himself down.
Next, the rulers of the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and the Black Iron Divine Nation arrived one after another. The ruler of the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation was called the Heavenly Wind War Emperor, while the ruler of the Black Iron Divine Nation was called Zhou Huang by his name.
The title of Monarch was indeed very confusing. The other warriors were used to it, but Luo Zheng felt very awkward.
This was because after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, one would be bestowed with the title of Emperor. However, some warriors still kept their lives, while others were called War Emperors or War Emperors …
Behind Zhou Huang, Luo Zheng found that King of Yan was among them. Together with King of Yan was the Crown Prince, who was sitting in a wheelchair.
On the steps, there were many Divine Sea Realm warriors and the Royal Families of the four Divine Kingdoms. In the square below the steps, there were the young elites of the four Divine Kingdoms.
After almost everyone had arrived, the sharp voice rang out again.
"The people of the four Divine Kingdoms are all here. According to the usual practice, we will first determine the winner and loser before we begin the sacrifice!"
Coming to the estuary of the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean, Luo Zheng also understood how the four Divine Kingdoms explored the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean every year.
In the eyes of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean was like a huge cake. Every Divine Kingdom would cut a slice of the cake every year. However, the number of slices of the cake and who would cut it first was always determined in order every year.
Hundreds of years ago, the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms basically quarreled with each other. There were a few times when they almost came to blows.
The fight between these War Emperors and War Emperors was too earth-shattering. Moreover, the four Divine Kingdoms were of the same breath and branch. Such a quarrel would hurt the harmony.
Therefore, before the sacrifice, the top warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms' young generation would have to determine the winner and loser. Firstly, it would be a way to assess the strength of each Divine Kingdom's young generation. Secondly, it would be a way to determine the order.
Over time, the four Divine Kingdoms began to pay more and more attention to this competition. There were even some martial artists of the Divine Kingdoms who gathered the results of these battles together to predict the future strength and fortune of each Divine Kingdom!
The four Divine Kingdoms' rulers stood at the highest point. After hearing these words, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King laughed and said, "Good! Little bastards of my Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom, step forward first! "
The Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom had three sixth-grade Martial Houses. There were as many as six martial artists that could stand on the first step. As the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's voice fell, a martial artist in the square suddenly turned into a stream of light and rushed out. He arrived at the bottom of the steps and bowed, loudly replying, "Kingdom King, I, Zhao Tianji, will represent the Great Xuan Martial House to fight!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King was the Kingdom King of the Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom, so he naturally had a good understanding of the young masters of his Divine Kingdom. He seemed to be very confident in this Zhao Tianji. He boldly laughed and said, "Good! Then you will fight! I wonder if the little bastards of the other Divine Kingdoms dare to challenge me? "
As the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's voice fell, a beam of light shot out from the square, instantly arriving at the bottom of the steps. This person was a martial artist from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. His stature was tall and sturdy, as strong as a vicious beast.
"Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Wolf Shadow Martial House, Yun Longtao, accept the challenge!"
After the martial artist finished speaking, the gloomy face of Battle Emperor Yu of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom revealed a faint smile. He encouraged, "Longtao, I've heard that you are invincible under the False Tribulation Realm. This time, you won't disappoint me!"
"Reporting to the Monarch, being invincible below the Void Tribulation Realm is just a rumor." Although Yun Longtao said this, he seemed to exude a strong sense of confidence in his bones. It was as if he did not put the many Void Tribulation Realm warriors present in his eyes.
Since the opponents of the two Divine Kingdoms had jumped out, the battle naturally began.
When False Tribulation Realm martial artists exchanged pointers, the commotion was huge. Especially when the late stage False Tribulation Realm martial artists were strong enough to move mountains and drain seas. Even if the area was large, it wasn't enough for them to display their full strength.
However, two Divine Sea Realm martial artists walked down the steps. With a wave of their hands, thin lines appeared in the air. These thin lines formed a huge rectangular barrier in the air. This barrier was the space where they fought.
A barrier created by a Divine Sea Realm martial artist was far from being broken by a False Tribulation Realm martial artist.
Luo Zheng didn't take this battle to heart. In his opinion, this battle had nothing to do with him.
Originally, it was just a battle between the younger generation of martial artists from the four Divine Kingdoms. What he cared about was entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea …
At this time, he could only be patient and wait for a victor to emerge.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, this battle wouldn't last too long. There were only four martial artists from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom who could stand on the first step. In a while, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's martial artists would most likely be Prince Yan, the Crown Prince, Xiao Daoyuan, and Zhan Yun.
Even if the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were slightly stronger than the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, there wouldn't be too many martial artists who could stand on the first step. At most, there would be about six or seven martial artists.
On the square, many False Tribulation Realm martial artists were nervously watching the battle in the barrier.
The sense of belonging and identity of a Divine Kingdom's martial artist was stronger than that of a sect! Therefore, martial artists born in a Divine Kingdom paid more attention to the glory of their Divine Kingdom!
This battle was to determine the winner between the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The martial artists from these two Divine Kingdoms were naturally the most nervous and concerned. As for the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, they were watching the battle with the mentality of watching a show.
"Rumble …"
The cuboid above everyone's head was filled with fierce flames. As soon as the two of them entered the arena, the situation had reached a climax.
Representing one's own Divine Kingdom in a battle, this glory was something that the younger generation of martial artists had to fight for no matter what!
"Hmph, this Yun Longtao claims to be invincible under the False Tribulation Realm? I think the Great Yu Divine Kingdom is getting better at bragging! "
"Yes, he is definitely not a match for Senior Brother Zhao!" The one who spoke was a martial artist from the Great Xuan Martial House. He should be Zhao Tianji's senior brother.
However, the martial artist from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom also retorted, "Hehe, in a while, Big Brother Longtao will beat your bullshit Tianji until he is looking for his teeth on the ground!"
"What the f * ck are you talking about! Do you believe that I will beat you until you are looking for your teeth on the ground right now? "
Just as they started fighting, the square was already in a heated argument, especially the martial artists from the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. They were all in high spirits and looked like they were about to fight.
Luo Zheng could only shake his head with a helpless smile on his face. These martial artists had already stepped into the False Tribulation Realm, but their mentality was still so immature …
In contrast, the False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Central Domain and the War Reverends of the Sea God Continent were much more mature than them.
However, on second thought, Luo Zheng could understand. These False Tribulation Realm martial artists had all grown up in the Martial House. Furthermore, they were able to follow their Divine Kingdoms here. Basically, they were the elites of the elites and were generally young.
Unlike the False Tribulation Realm martial artists of the Central Domain, most of them had lived for more than 100 years.
As for the War Reverends of the Sea God Continent, they had been tempered by life and death in the Tower of Sin. Naturally, they would not be so naive and easily angered.
This scene happened about once a year. Many Divine Sea Realm martial artists on the platform turned a blind eye to it. Despite the argument, everyone's attention was still focused on the battle in mid-air.
Zhao Tianji's cultivation technique was of the fire attribute. Moreover, he seemed to have grasped the third level of the Law of Fire. His flames contained an extremely destructive power.
Luo Zheng sized him up. This person's strength was indeed not simple.
However, the martial artist named Hou Longtao was even stronger! He was indeed known to be invincible under the False Tribulation Realm. Space constantly twisted around his body, forcibly blocking all the flames outside his body!
"Eh? Using the power of space to create a thin layer of space as your own armor? " Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This should be the third level of the Law of Space. Even Luo Zheng did not have the opportunity to comprehend it. The four Divine Kingdoms indeed had a deep foundation!
＝＝＝＝＝