Not only was Yun Longtao proficient in the law of space, but his cultivation method was also very unique. He was able to compress space into a thin layer to protect himself.
It was equivalent to using space to create an armor for himself!
In the False Tribulation Realm, most of the martial artists did not have the strength to tear space. As long as they could not break the "space armor" in front of him, they would not be able to harm him!
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. The four Divine Kingdoms' inheritances were indeed profound.
Although Zhao Tianji's attacks were extremely fierce, under Hou Longtao's suppression, he did not have much room to display his strength!
Unless Zhao Tianji had the strength to tear space or was proficient in the law of space, no matter how fierce his attacks were or how powerful the law of fire was, they would not be able to harm Yun Longtao.
"I'm afraid this Zhao Tianji is going to lose." Luo Zheng shook his head and said.
The speaker did not mean it, but the listener did.
Zhao Tianji had steadily entered the first tier of the Star Field Divine Kingdom. He was one of the strongest in the Great Xuan Martial House. At this time, a group of martial artists from the Great Xuan Martial House were watching the battle with wide eyes.
Suddenly, they heard a martial artist from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom say these words. The martial artist from the Great Xuan Martial House was furious.
"Although our Senior Brother Zhao is going to lose, do you want to die?" Brat, are you courting death? "Several Void Tribulation Realm cultivators of Great Xuan Martial House turned their heads and glared at Luo Zheng.
"Senior Brother Zhao is our Great Xuan Martial House's Golden Crown Champion! He is also one of the six strongest martial artists from the Star Field Divine Kingdom. Especially you! "
"Black Iron Divine Nation, hmph hmph, ranked last every year. The Profound Jade Martial House can't even compare to the Black Iron Martial House, the last of the last. I heard that the strongest person in the Profound Jade Martial House is called Zhan Yun. Hehe, that brat isn't even qualified to carry shoes for our Great Profound Martial House! Why are you all paying attention to his words! "
Hearing the other party's sarcastic remarks, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He should not have spoken.
However, Luo Zheng was not angry at all. His expression was indifferent. Although the Divine Kingdoms' inheritances were powerful, these martial artists were still flowers that grew steadily in a greenhouse. Their thoughts were simple. Luo Zheng could understand them.
However, Luo Zheng did not speak. He wanted to keep the peace, but the Profound Jade Martial House's martial artists were not willing to do so!
"What did you say? Our Profound Jade Martial House is at the bottom! What nonsense is this dog spitting out?! "
"Look at how powerful the Great Xuan Martial House is. When our Senior Brother Zhan Yun goes up, he will beat the shit out of your Great Xuan Martial House!"
"Humph, a Martial House full of eunuchs dares to jump out and speak!"
The warriors of Profound Jade Martial House retaliated, which immediately enraged the Great Xuan Martial House. The first part of the sentence was still fine, but the last part poked the pain of many warriors of Great Xuan Martial House.
The Great Xuan Martial House was indeed the number one martial house in the Star Field Divine Nation.
However, Martial Houses were usually established with the support of the Divine Nations. Most of the Martial Houses were established by Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors. However, the Great Xuan Martial House was established by a group of eunuchs in the early years. There were also experts among the eunuchs!
As a matter of fact, eunuchs had a natural advantage when it came to cultivation. Once their Qi was removed, eunuchs would be able to guard their Yang Essence. Thus, they would be able to achieve twice the result with half the effort when cultivating some pure Yang Arts. There was no lack of Divine Sea Realm eunuchs in the four Divine Kingdoms.
Not only was the Great Xuan Martial House established by eunuchs, but there were also a few Divine Sea Realm experts in the Martial House. Moreover, they were all eunuchs …
Therefore, the warriors of the four Divine Nations privately referred to the Great Xuan Martial House as the Eunuch Martial House!
Even after so many years of development, the Great Xuan Martial House still couldn't wash off this name. It was fine for the other Divine Nations to talk about it privately. However, if the warriors of the Great Xuan Martial House heard it, they would inevitably fight.
What's more, the warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House were openly mocking them?
The warriors of the Great Xuan Martial House were all flushed with anger. They circulated their True Essence and were about to fight.
The Profound Jade Martial House was also unwilling to pass on their responsibility. They were all Void Tribulation Realm warriors and the geniuses of the Divine Nations. They were at the age where they were hot-blooded and vigorous. How could they be patient?
At this moment, a majestic aura suddenly enveloped them!
It was a Divine Sea Realm expert who enveloped them, trying to calm the commotion here.
How powerful was the aura of a Divine Sea Realm expert? That aura was as solid as a solid object, pressing down on the heads of many Void Tribulation Realm warriors. The warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House and the Great Xuan Martial House suddenly felt as if a mountain was pressing down on their heads.
Even Zhan Yun in the Profound Jade Martial House held his breath. He felt that his hands and feet were stiff, unable to move.
Only Luo Zheng looked indifferent. He had a faint smile on his face as he glanced at the Divine Sea Realm expert in the distance.
The Divine Sea Realm expert suppressed his aura and suddenly found that there was one person among the Void Tribulation Realm warriors who wasn't affected at all. He was slightly surprised. The Divine Sea Realm expert sized up Luo Zheng curiously before he slowly withdrew his aura.
He was puzzled. Since when did such a person appear in the Profound Jade Martial House? Can't even suppress my aura?
The soul of a Divine Sea Realm expert was basically at the Battle Soul Realm. Originally, under his aura, the warriors of the Great Xuan Martial House and the Profound Jade Martial House shouldn't be able to move. Although that kid didn't move, the Divine Sea Realm expert clearly felt that he wasn't affected by his aura!
A Void Tribulation Realm warrior with the soul of a Battle Soul Realm warrior? This was impossible, unless this kid had a magic weapon that could resist soul aura pressure …
But a magic weapon that could resist a Divine Sea Realm expert's soul aura pressure, even the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom didn't necessarily have one.
The Divine Sea Realm expert was puzzled, but he didn't say anything. He was responsible for maintaining order in the square, but the Profound Jade Martial House belonged to the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. If he were to rashly ask, he was afraid that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's Monarch, Zhou Huang, would be unhappy.
Therefore, he only paid a little attention to Luo Zheng and didn't say anything.
Just as the commotion died down, the outcome of the battle above had been decided.
Just like Luo Zheng said, Zhao Tianji's attack was indeed fierce. It would be difficult to find an opponent in the Void Tribulation Realm. The problem was that the young geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms had all gathered here. Everyone had their own trump cards. Zhao Tianji couldn't break through Yun Longtao's "Space Armor" and was defeated in the end.
"Bang!"
Zhao Tianji fell from the sky and directly knelt on the ground. His face was dejected as he said to the Sky Fortune Kingdom's Monarch, "Monarch, I lost!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom's Monarch faintly smiled and said, "Please rise! Victory and defeat are common in war! You don't need to worry about it! "
Although the Monarch was comforting him, Zhao Tianji was still very depressed. After all, he was representing the Star Field Divine Kingdom. At this time, he wasn't representing himself, but the Great Xuan Martial House and the entire Star Field Divine Kingdom!
All of the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists had ugly complexions. Many of them were eager to jump out and challenge Yun Longtao.
After all, the Star Field Divine Kingdom had several other Martial Houses besides the Great Xuan Martial House, and some of them were no weaker than Zhao Tianji.
Yun Longtao stood with his hands behind his back, floating in the air. His face was full of arrogance as he swept his eyes over the Void Tribulation Realm martial artists in the square. He was waiting for others to challenge him.
Since Yun Longtao dared to call himself invincible under the Void Tribulation Realm, he had full confidence in his own strength!
"I'll go! I, Li Yulong, challenge you! "
"I'll go, I …"
"Let me deal with this guy first!"
The most excited ones were the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists. They had just lost a battle, and now they were eager to prove themselves.
However, the sharp voice sounded again. "According to the rules, the challenges will take turns. Next, it will be the Sky Wind Divine Kingdom and Black Iron Divine Kingdom's turn to challenge!"
King Yan and the Crown Prince's eyes were sparkling.
This kind of challenge was to assess the strength of the younger generation of martial artists in the Divine Kingdom. Although King Yan and the Crown Prince were qualified to fight, they belonged to the royal family of the Divine Kingdom and had a noble bloodline. Under normal circumstances, they couldn't participate in this level of battle.
However, although they couldn't participate, they had the right to make suggestions! For example, the Crown Prince could order Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan to fight on his behalf!
Although King Yan had his own men, the only one who was qualified and had the strength to fight on his behalf was Luo Zheng!
However, King Yan was hesitating. Would Luo Zheng be willing?
Just as King Yan was hesitating, another quarrel broke out in the square.
Due to Zhao Tianji's defeat, many of the Great Xuan Martial House's martial artists were unhappy. At this time, it wasn't the Star Field Divine Kingdom's turn to challenge. Many of the martial artists had nowhere to vent their anger, so they targeted the Profound Jade Martial House.
"Isn't your Profound Jade Martial House very powerful? If you have the guts, why don't you go up and try? "
"That Zhan Yun, the number one expert of the Profound Jade Martial House, why don't you go up and show us your skills? I'm afraid he will still be beaten to a pulp by Yun Longtao! "
"I'm afraid the Profound Jade Martial House will be even worse!"
The Great Xuan Martial House's martial artists were in an uproar again. When Zhan Yun's eyes met the Crown Prince's, the Crown Prince's face revealed a faint smile. He then held the wheelchair and said, "Zhan Yun, you will represent me in the battle!"
Zhan Yun was waiting for the Crown Prince to say this. He nodded and turned into a stream of light, shooting into the sky!
At this time, many of the Profound Jade Martial House's martial artists were in an uproar.
"Senior Brother Zhan Yun, do your best!"
"Zhan Yun, that brat only knows how to use the space law to block. You have to end the battle quickly!"
"Our Profound Jade Martial House can't be looked down upon by others!"
The atmosphere suddenly became lively. After Zhan Yun flew up, he suddenly pulled out a saber from his back. The saber's blade was wide and thick. The back of the blade was like a wolf's fang, flickering with a faint blue light.
"A False Tribulation Realm martial artist can be equipped with a mid-grade saint tool … I wonder if there are any divine tools in the Divine Kingdom's mainland," Luo Zheng guessed.
In all fairness, Luo Zheng wasn't very concerned about the result of the battle. He wasn't born in the Profound Jade Martial House, nor was he a citizen of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He came to the Divine Kingdom with the mission of saving Ning Yudie. He had to seize this opportunity to observe the battle in front of him for the rest of the journey.
In addition, he had some worries in his heart. Since the Crown Prince could send someone to represent Zhan Yun in the battle, wouldn't Yan Wang come looking for him?
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of battle. However, if he participated in the battle, he would definitely attract the attention of the Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. What should he do?