A martial artist had to compete with others, with the earth, and with the heavens.
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of being challenged by others, nor was he afraid of challenging others.
On the contrary, only by competing with the geniuses of the world could he go further on the path of martial arts.
If it wasn't for Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng would also step onto the Divine Kingdom Continent and challenge the geniuses there!
However, the most important thing for Luo Zheng now was to collect the Origin Stones of Life. He didn't want to get involved in other troubles. Moreover, if the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom found out about him, she would probably make things difficult for him. It might even lead to the attack of the Divine Sea Realm experts of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great.
To be safe, Luo Zheng had chosen to keep a low profile since he entered the Divine Kingdom Continent.
However, as the situation developed, someone would eventually push Luo Zheng out from behind the scenes. He secretly glanced at King Yan who was on the stairs and sighed in his heart. Looking at King Yan's eager expression, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to escape.
Luo Zheng's guess was correct.
King Yan was the same as the Crown Prince. They both wanted to prove themselves in front of Zhou Huang. They wanted to prove not only their strength but also their talent.
If the Crown Prince could persuade people like Xiao Daoyuan and Zhan Yun, what about King Yan?
This was also the reason why King Yan treated Luo Zheng so well. In order to win over Luo Zheng, he even condescended and treated himself as an equal to Luo Zheng. He calmly opened his heart to Luo Zheng and told him about his current predicament. This was because King Yan also knew that people like Luo Zheng couldn't be moved by ordinary things. The only way was to treat him with sincerity.
Moreover, King Yan believed in his own judgment. Luo Zheng's strength was worthy of his friendship!
Therefore, King Yan wasn't thinking about whether Luo Zheng would fight, but when he would fight.
The battle in the sky was in full swing. Zhan Yun was indeed the strongest False Tribulation Realm expert in the Profound Jade Martial House. His attacks were even stronger than Zhao Tianji's!
In particular, the medium quality god artifact in his hand was able to leave a faint mark on Yun Longtao's Spatial Armour every time he slashed out. Although he was unable to shatter the Spatial Armour, everyone could see it clearly.
Those marks continued to increase and deepen. If they accumulated to a certain extent, the spatial armor would eventually collapse.
"My saber is called Dragon's Tooth. It was forged from the teeth of a true dragon. Blindly resisting is useless. This tortoise shell on your body will eventually be shattered by me! A martial artist who only knows how to retreat will eventually be defeated! "Zhan Yun sneered. His figure was like the wind, instantly transforming into a beam of light that rushed towards Yun Longtao.
"Lose!"
Clang!
Zhan Yun slashed out again, landing on Yun Longtao's spatial armor.
The saber intent that Zhan Yun possessed contained an aura that could cut through everything in the world. Many Void Tribulation Realm warriors looked over and their eyelids twitched.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Zhan Yun's attacks were indeed very sharp. If Yun Longtao continued to resist like this, Zhan Yun would eventually break through the spatial armor.
Unfortunately, it was still not enough … Luo Zheng sighed slightly.
From the beginning, Yun Longtao had only used the spatial armor to resist. This person's strength should not be limited to this! Zhan Yun might not be able to take down this opponent.
If Zhan Yun could defeat Yun Longtao, it would be a good thing for Luo Zheng. After all, King Yan would not allow him to challenge Zhan Yun. After all, they were martial artists from the same Divine Kingdom. If Luo Zheng challenged Zhan Yun, it would probably be a setback.
But then again, even if Zhan Yun could defeat Yun Longtao, there were other martial artists from the four Divine Kingdoms who could defeat Zhan Yun. When the time came, Luo Zheng would still have to fight.
Luo Zheng's prediction was still quite reliable!
Previously, Zhan Yun had relied on his sharp saber techniques to suppress Yun Longtao. If Zhan Yun continued to slash like this, Yun Longtao would probably be defeated.
However, after Yun Longtao took that slash, he actually took the initiative to remove the spatial armor on his body.
He glanced at Zhan Yun indifferently with a look of contempt on his face. Then, he stretched out his hand and beckoned. Specks of light, like fireflies, gathered around his arm.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The space around his hand vibrated gently, emitting a slight buzzing sound.
Soon, a hazy longsword appeared in his hand.
Rather than calling it a sword, it was better to call it a space in the shape of a longsword!
This person actually used space as a weapon?
"Senior Brother Yun Tao's Void Slashing Sword! Hehe, here comes the main event! "
"This Zhan Yun was able to force out Senior Brother Yun Tao's ultimate move. It's enough for him to be proud!"
"However, Senior Brother Yun Tao's Void Slashing Sword is bound to cut off limbs. I'm afraid this Zhan Yun is going to be miserable!"
Hearing the discussions below, how could Zhan Yun not know the power of the Void Slashing Sword? However, his eyes were still filled with unswerving determination. He had gone from an unknown martial artist to standing at the top of the younger generation in Profound Jade Martial House. He had also put in a lot of effort and sweat.
To be able to obtain the Crown Prince's recognition and fight for him was a supreme honor for Zhan Yun. At this time, it was impossible for him to shrink back.
"Did you hear that?" Yun Longtao asked indifferently. "The Void Slashing Sword is bound to cut off limbs. Leave one of your hands behind and get lost!"
"Pa!"
On the stairs, the Crown Prince's hand slammed heavily on the armrest of the wheelchair. The armrest of the wheelchair was also made of ironwood, but with this slap, the entire wheelchair was turned into fine powder and scattered to the ground. As for the Crown Prince, he maintained his sitting position and floated in the air.
When the eunuch next to him saw this, he quickly took out another wheelchair and carefully placed it under the Crown Prince. "This Yun Longtao is too presumptuous!" After the Crown Prince finished speaking, he gently landed on the wheelchair.
The Monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms noticed his actions and smiled. The matters of the younger generation would naturally be settled by the younger generation. Under normal circumstances, the elders would not interfere.
On the platform at the top of the steps, other than the Crown Prince of Black Iron Divine Kingdom, the Crown Prince of Great Yu Divine Kingdom was also there. However, the Crown Prince of Great Yu Divine Kingdom did not speak. Instead, it was the Saintess of Great Yu Divine Kingdom who chuckled. "Oh, Brother Zhou Ning, are you angry?"
The Black Iron Divine Kingdom belonged to the Zhou Clan and the Crown Prince's full name was Zhou Ning.
Zhou Ning snorted coldly and did not bother with the Saintess of Great Yu Divine Kingdom. His gaze was like a knife as he stared at the battle in the air.
At this time, the King of Yan felt more comfortable. Although Zhan Yun was representing the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he was not one of the King of Yan's men. Moreover, Zhan Yun was originally invited by Zhou Ning and could be considered as representing Zhou Ning. It would be good if he lost!
It would be best if Xiao Daoyuan was also defeated. At this time, Luo Zheng would be able to show the King of Yan's foresight. The King of Yan thought in his heart.
Actually, the King of Yan had not seen Luo Zheng's true strength. However, he trusted Luo Zheng very much!
After Yun Longtao took out the Sky Slashing Sword, he quickly attacked Zhan Yun three times!
The Sky Slashing Sword was almost transparent. If one did not look carefully, one would not even be able to see its true form. One could only vaguely recognize the shape of the sword through the distorted light of space!
"Clang!"
The first slash of the Sky Slashing Sword caused cracks to appear on Zhan Yun's Dragon Tooth.
"Clang!"
The second slash directly shattered Zhan Yun's Dragon Tooth into pieces!
"Clang!"
The third slash easily slashed Zhan Yun's shoulder. With a burst of blood, Zhan Yun's arm fell from the sky.
What three slashes!
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. This opponent was indeed not simple!
"Too powerful! He is invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. No wonder he is invincible in the False Tribulation Realm! "
"The Sky Slashing Sword is almost indestructible. Even a middle-grade Sacred Artifact could not withstand it. It is like cutting vegetables. I wonder who would dare to challenge it?"
"Our Senior Brother Longtao is an invincible existence! Hahaha! "
This was only a competition, and it was important to stop at a certain point. After all, everyone still had to explore the Secret Realm. Since Yun Longtao's arm was cut off, it was his loss!
Zhan Yun gritted his teeth. He could only retreat and pick up his arm.
A warrior's broken arm could be reattached. However, he was afraid that his arm would not be able to recover in the next few months. This would greatly affect his exploration of the Secret Realm. However, Zhan Yun had nothing to complain about as his skills were inferior.
Yun Longtao bowed to Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy face finally revealed a slight smile. "Good! Yun Longtao! My Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great will reward you well! "
"Thank you, Your Majesty. I, Yun Longtao, only fight for the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. I do not ask for any reward!" After he finished speaking, he turned his head to face the square and said indifferently, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
Crown Prince Zhou Ning's face was extremely gloomy. At this moment, he said coldly, "Xiao Daoyuan, you go!"
Zhou Ning wanted to vent his anger. However, Yun Longtao was not from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He was a warrior from the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. At this moment, Crown Prince Zhou Ning could only place his hopes on Xiao Daoyuan. If Xiao Daoyuan was defeated by Yun Longtao, he would have no other cards to play.
"According to the rules, only the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom and the Star Field Divine Kingdom are allowed to challenge each other!"
The Divine Kingdoms could not continue to challenge each other. In his anger, Zhou Ning had forgotten this rule.
On the other hand, Zhou Huang said to Zhou Ning indifferently, "Ning 'er, don't be impatient. You will become a joke in front of others."
Battle Emperor Yu the Great chuckled and said, "Brother Zhou Huang is right. There are some things that can't be rushed!"
Zhou Huang coldly glanced at Battle Emperor Yu the Great. In these past years, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom had been very strong. However, the four Divine Kingdoms relied on each other for survival and restrained each other. Every dog had its day. Tomorrow, come to my house. This Battle Emperor Yu the Great's temperament was cold and gloomy, and he especially liked to show off!
On the surface, the several Divine Kingdoms didn't care about winning or losing. The victory or defeat of several Virtual Tribulation realm martial artists didn't mean anything. In fact, everyone was secretly competing with each other!
At this time, the Star Field Divine Kingdom's Sky Fortune King said, "Zhuo 'er, do you have anyone to recommend?"
The Star Field Divine Kingdom had already lost a round to Yun Longtao. They were anxious to regain their face. The Sky Fortune King couldn't recommend anyone, so he naturally asked his son.
The Zhuo 'er he spoke of was the Star Field Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince. The Crown Prince's eyes flashed and he said, "Yue Congyun! You will fight in my place! "