In Star Field Divine Nation, there were a total of six geniuses in the first tier.
Previously, Zhao Tianji had already been defeated. However, there were still quite a number of people who could fight. Moreover, these six people did not include the members of the Royal Family of the Star Field Divine Nation. For example, the Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Nation was also firmly ranked in the first tier.
In comparison, Luo Zheng's Black Iron Divine Nation was a bit shabby. If Prince Yan and Crown Prince Zhou Ning were excluded, then only Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan could stand firmly in the first tier. Moreover, Zhan Yun had already been defeated, so Xiao Daoyuan was the only one who could fight.
Of course, this was what the other Divine Nations thought. Aside from Luo Zheng's display of strength in the Profound Jade Martial House's assessment, he had not displayed much of his strength. The other three Divine Nations did not know of the existence of such a character in the Black Iron Divine Nation.
Under the command of the Crown Prince of Star Field Divine Nation, Yue Congyun naturally had to fight.
Zhao Tianji of Star Field Divine Nation had already been defeated by Yun Longtao. If Yue Congyun lost again, then it would be equivalent to losing to Yun Longtao consecutively.
Moreover, Zhao Tianji was a candidate recommended by the Crown Prince of Star Field Divine Nation. If he lost again, then the Star Field Divine Nation would lose face.
However, the Star Field Divine Nation's warriors seemed to have a lot of confidence in Yue Congyun's strength. After Yue Congyun rushed into the barrier in the sky, the Star Field Divine Nation's warriors became excited again.
Among them, the cultivators from Great Xuan Martial House were the most excited. Although Yue Congyun wasn't from Great Xuan Martial House, but from another Martial House in Star Field Divine Nation, Yue Congyun still had high hopes placed on him. If he could defeat Yun Longtao, it could be considered as helping Great Xuan Martial House regain face.
"Congyun, you just have to avoid his attack. That guy is only relying on that broken sword!"
"Yes, be careful not to get hit by his sword. With your speed, you can definitely do it!"
Yue Congyun was obviously a warrior who excelled in speed. He silently nodded to the crowd below and then made a "please" gesture to Yun Longtao.
Since Yun Longtao had already taken out the Sky Slashing Sword, there was no reason for him to take it back. He stretched out three fingers towards Yue Congyun, "Three swords, I only need three swords to deal with you!"
"Too arrogant! Yun Longtao, come down if you have the ability. See if we don't smash you into meat paste! "
"Yue Congyun, avoid his first three strikes! In a while, if he can't win, I want to see how arrogant he is, how he slaps his own face! "
Many of the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists were originally filled with anger towards Yun Longtao. Hearing his words, it was like adding oil to the fire!
How could Yun Longtao care about the provocations of these martial artists? Although there were many Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists in the four Divine Kingdoms, and most of the martial artists that came today were either first or second rank martial artists, and most of them had Divine Rank talent, there were only 20-30 people that could fly into the air and participate in the competition!
Yun Longtao did not place these people below in his eyes at all.
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors on the stairs turned a deaf ear to the noise on the square. As far as they were concerned, it was a good thing to have a lively atmosphere. It was okay to argue, as long as they didn't fight. Therefore, they didn't stop those warriors.
Amidst this clamor, Yun Longtao made the first move this time!
He waved the Sky Slashing Sword and took a step forward, crossing through space and approaching Yue Congyun. The transparent longsword in his hand was already slashing towards Yue Congyun's head!
Luo Zheng often used the short-distance crossing through space. It could indeed create an unexpected effect, making it difficult for the opponent to react.
Yue Congyun was also startled. In fact, Yue Congyun had already lost his confidence in facing Yun Longtao. His strength was similar to Zhao Tianji's. The four Divine Kingdoms often held internal competitions. Although he and Zhao Tianji came from different Martial Houses, they had fought several times. Both of them won and lost, with Zhao Tianji winning more times.
Even Zhao Tianji was defeated by Yun Longtao, but Yue Congyun did not have the confidence to defeat Yun Longtao. However, under the Crown Prince's order, he had to fight!
If a martial artist's strength was on par, it would be a battle of confidence. Once he lost his confidence and momentum, he would lose everything.
What's more, after hearing the words of the Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists, Yue Congyun had already made up his mind. Since Yun Longtao said he would defeat him in three strikes, then he would avoid those three strikes!
Therefore, facing Yun Longtao's first strike, Yue Congyun did not choose to counterattack. Instead, he chose to run!
"Sou!"
Yue Congyun was originally an expert in movement techniques. Yun Longtao's first strike only touched his robes, cutting off a corner of his robes.
Yue Congyun's ghostly figure spun at high speed within the barrier. His intention could not be more obvious. He wanted to avoid Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng could not help but shake his head. As the saying goes, when two rivals meet on a narrow path, the courageous will emerge victorious. If one did not even have the courage to face his opponent head-on, how could one win? Did this guy think that Yun Longtao would let him go after three strikes? That was too naive.
Yun Longtao said three strikes to show off his strength and at the same time put psychological pressure on Yue Congyun. What's more, he did not say that if he could not defeat Yue Congyun in three strikes, then he would lose.
"Sou …"
Although Yue Congyun's speed was extremely fast and his identity was extremely strange, Yun Longtao, who was proficient in the Laws of Space, only needed to take a single step to instantly close in on Yue Congyun.
The Sky Slashing Sword was like an invisible viper that swallowed Yue Congyun whole.
Yue Congyun's face was filled with shock. He used all of his strength to make a stiff turn in the air. The Sky Slashing Sword slashed across his neck, cutting off more than half of his hair!
Although Yue Congyun looked very distressed, there was a smile on his face. At least he had successfully avoided Yun Longtao's second strike.
"The second strike!"
"There's still one more strike, just avoid the last one!"
"Brother Congyun, you can do it!"
The Star Field Divine Kingdom's martial artists immediately roared. They could also see Yue Congyun's intentions. He had to avoid Yun Longtao's three strikes first!
At the top of the stage, the Crown Prince of Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, who had been silent all this time, coldly looked at the martial artists and said, "A bunch of idiots!"
Many people had the same opinion as Luo Zheng. So what if they avoided Yun Longtao's three strikes?
Soon, Yun Longtao sent out his third strike …
This time, the Sky Slashing Sword directly slashed across Yue Congyun's back, cutting a huge hole in his robes! However, Yue Congyun relied on his speed advantage to twist his body and escape. So far, he hadn't been injured.
"The third strike! The third strike! " Yue Congyun's face was filled with joy. He turned his head and laughed, as if he was the one who had won.
But before Yue Congyun's voice fell, the Sky Slashing Sword followed him like a shadow. A strange straight line appeared beside him. It was the Sky Slashing Sword that had quietly slashed across. Then the line disappeared and Yue Congyun's arm was separated from his body, falling to the ground.
At this moment, Yue Congyun even forgot about the pain. He angrily stared at Yun Longtao and said, "Three strikes, didn't we agree on three strikes?"
"F * ck, this Yun Longtao didn't follow the rules. We agreed on three strikes!"
"Too despicable! This kind of person should commit suicide to atone for his sins! "
Many cultivators from the Star Field Divine Kingdom said angrily as well.
A pitiful smile appeared on Yun Longtao's face. Following which, he softly said, "Which ear of yours heard me say that the victor would be decided in three sword strikes? I only said three strikes to take you down! Since three strikes didn't take you down, I'll use the fourth strike. What's wrong with that? "
In this world, only the strong had the right to speak. In fact, Yun Longtao's three strikes was equivalent to setting some kind of rule. But this rule was originally set by Yun Longtao. If he wanted to change it, he could do so.
His words caused many martial artists in the Star Field Divine Kingdom to choke …
Yun Longtao turned his head and glanced at the cultivators of the Star Field Divine Kingdom and said indifferently, "You guys are too weak! Besides making a ruckus below, what else can you do? If you have the ability, come up and challenge me! "
"Humph, you speak as if you are very strong! You are only at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm! "Some cultivators of the Star Field Divine Kingdom were unconvinced and retorted.
Yun Longtao shook his head and continued, "It's not that I'm very strong. In fact, I'm very weak. It's just that in this world, most cultivators are trash like you! My talent is only slightly higher than yours, and my effort is only slightly higher than yours. But it's enough for me to be called a king in front of you. "
When Yun Longtao said this, everyone fell silent for a moment. At this moment, Battle Emperor Da Yu suddenly clapped his hands. "Good! Longtao, well said! "
The four Divine Kingdoms were able to exterminate the Dragon Bloodline Clan because of the help of the human race in the Upper Realm.
Back then, in order to help the four Divine Kingdoms, the human race in the Upper Realm had forcefully opened a reverse spirit passage and assisted the four Divine Kingdoms.
History would remember this scene firmly. The cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms were not like the cultivators of the Central Domain who knew nothing about the Upper Realm. In the hearts of the billions of cultivators in the Central Domain, the Upper Realm was only a vague concept. However, the cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms had witnessed the strength and advantages of the cultivators of the Upper Realm.
Although Yun Longtao's words did not mention the cultivators of the Upper Realm, how could the many False Tribulation Realm cultivators not understand?
His pride was shown to all the cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms, and his modesty was shown to the Upper Realm. He was only considered weak when compared to the geniuses of the Upper Realm.
These words were also spoken in the hearts of many Divine Sea Realm cultivators.
These old monsters who had lived for 10,000 years were filled with a huge regret in their hearts. That was, they could not ascend to the Upper Realm.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, they could indeed dominate. However, how could the cultivators' pursuit be limited to this continent? How could they be limited to the Divine Sea Realm?
Therefore, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators, after living for 10,000 years, left the Divine Kingdom Continent and went to the endless mysterious sea to find more opportunities. They even wanted to break through this world and enter other worlds …
However, so far, no Divine Sea Realm cultivator had succeeded.
＝＝＝＝＝