Even though Battle Emperor Yu the Great praised him, Yun Longtao only smiled and continued, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
Ever since Yun Longtao took out the Sky Slashing Sword, he had cut off two people's arms. The excited False Tribulation Realm warriors suddenly fell silent.
It wasn't that they lacked confidence. The warriors who could stand on the first step of the Four Divine Nations were all outstanding warriors in the Martial Houses. If they didn't have absolute confidence in themselves, they wouldn't be able to stand on the first step.
However, Yun Longtao's brilliance was too strong. This made the geniuses of the first step hesitate.
It would be fine if they won, but what if they lost?
They still had to set off for the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Although losing an arm wasn't a big problem, it was impossible for them to recover to their peak state in a short period of time. It would affect their journey to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
The battle in front of them was just to liven things up before they entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. However, after many years, it slowly became a competition to assess the strength of the young disciples of the Four Divine Nations.
Even so, it wasn't as important as exploring the Secret Realm in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
Therefore, many of the geniuses of the first step wanted to retreat.
What they didn't know was that the members of the royal family on the stairs had already gotten into a heated fight. Even though the few Divine Sea Realm cultivators didn't say anything, they were still unhappy with Battle Emperor Da Yu and Yun Longtao.
The Star Field Divine Nation lost again. It was the turn of the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and the Black Iron Divine Nation.
The Heavenly Wind Divine Nation's Heavenly Wind Divine Nation's Heavenly Wind Divine Nation's Heavenly Wind Divine Nation still didn't say anything.
The Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Nation, Zhou Huang, glanced at King Yan and Crown Prince Zhou Ning. Zhou Huang didn't say anything, but his eyes said everything.
King Yan was excited. He wanted to recommend Luo Zheng, but Zhou Ning beat him to it. He said loudly, "Xiao Daoyuan, fight on my behalf!"
Hearing Zhou Ning's words, King Yan glanced at him coldly and didn't say anything.
"Since you want to win back some ground, I'll let you go first. Xiao Daoyuan is your last chess piece. If Xiao Daoyuan loses and loses an arm, it will be a big blow to your team. the Secret Realm's Secret Realm exploration will be greatly reduced. I'm looking forward to it. if Xiao Daoyuan loses, you're going to fight on your own?" The King of Yan thought so in his heart.
Zhou Ning was indeed a little anxious. Xiao Daoyuan and Zhan Yun were both subordinates that he had set his eyes on. He wanted to prove himself in front of Zhou Huang, to prove his foresight and ability to control people. However, Zhan Yun had failed to live up to his expectations and was defeated so easily!
He could only place his hopes on Xiao Daoyuan.
The Black Name Martial House was the largest Martial House in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Although it was also a sixth-grade force like the Black Jade Martial House, the Black Jade Martial House could only be ranked second. Xiao Daoyuan was the strongest person in the Black Name Martial House. His appearance not only carried the high hopes of the Crown Prince, but also the high hopes of many martial artists in the Black Iron Divine Nation!
Hearing the Crown Prince's words, Xiao Daoyuan leaped up and cupped his hands toward the Crown Prince and the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Nation. Then, he took out a spear from his spatial ring.
"High-grade Saint artifact …"
"Damn, this is the good thing about the martial artists of the Black Iron Divine Nation. A False Tribulation Realm martial artist can have a high-grade Saint artifact. This is simply …"
"It can't be helped. The Black Iron Divine Nation is rich in weapon refiners. Most of the Saint artifacts in our four Divine Nations come from the Black Iron Divine Nation. This is the same reason why the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation is rich in alchemists and the Great Yu Divine Nation is rich in rune masters!"
The Black Iron Divine Nation's weapon refiner technique was indeed the most famous. More importantly, Xiao Daoyuan's Xiao Family was an aristocratic family of weapon refiners. Even so, high-grade Saint artifacts were still very rare. Xiao Daoyuan would not normally be equipped with a high-grade Saint artifact spear.
However, this exploration of the Secret Realm in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea had a great impact on Xiao Daoyuan's future. Therefore, the Xiao Family gave him a high-grade Saint artifact.
"Pa!"
Unexpectedly, the body of the high-grade Saint artifact was extremely flexible. When Xiao Daoyuan shook it forcefully, it was like a whip. It lashed heavily in the air and exploded with a deafening explosion.
Xiao Daoyuan's eyes were cold as he stared at Yun Longtao in front of him.
This time, Yun Longtao stretched out a palm towards Xiao Daoyuan. "Five swords. I only need five swords to defeat you."
Xiao Daoyuan snorted coldly. "Put down your tricks. It's too childish. Whether it's one sword, five swords, or fifty swords, the outcome is the outcome!"
Hearing Xiao Daoyuan's words, Yun Longtao revealed a smile on his face. "This time, my opponent is not bad. It seems that I should be more serious!"
"What do you mean by more serious? Did Yun Longtao not use his full strength before? "
"I don't believe it. This person is just good at showing off!"
"Yun Longtao used three swords to defeat Zhan Yun and four swords to defeat Yue Congyun. Perhaps he really did not use his full strength …"
Now, other than the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the warriors of the other three Divine Kingdoms could be said to be united against a common enemy. This Yun Longtao was too arrogant, but he had the capital to be arrogant. His strength was unfathomable. So many people had gone up, but no one could test his depth.
This time, it was still Yun Longtao who took the lead to attack. His figure was like a shuttle, piercing through space, and the fatal Sky Slashing Sword in his hand was swung out again.
Xiao Daoyuan snorted coldly. The long spear in his hand was like a snake, coiling up.
Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword was already extremely fast, but after Xiao Daoyuan's long spear coiled up, it immediately shook out. It was as fast as lightning and actually arrived first!
Not only that, but the moment the tip of the long spear pierced towards Yun Longtao, it actually circled around the Sky Slashing Sword. The soft and slender spear shaft directly circled around the Sky Slashing Sword before the tip of the spear continued forward, piercing towards Yun Longtao's face!
This meant that Xiao Daoyuan's spear not only sealed Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword, but also wanted to assassinate Yun Longtao in one strike.
Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword was indeed sharp. Even an ordinary sacred artifact would not be able to withstand a few blows from his Sky Slashing Sword. However, Xiao Daoyuan's long spear was a high-grade sacred artifact after all. Moreover, the spear shaft was flexible and tough. Under such a coiling, the Sky Slashing Sword could not cut through the spear shaft.
Whoosh!
The tip of the long spear was like the head of a venomous snake, piercing towards Yun Longtao's face. Yun Longtao's head tilted slightly, and the tip of the spear brushed past his ear.
However, the tip of the spear seemed to have its own consciousness. After missing its target, it twisted again and actually turned around to stab at the back of Yun Longtao's head!
At this moment, Yun Longtao revealed a faint smile on his face. He loosened his grip on the Sky Slashing Sword, and his entire body suddenly sank. At the same time, the Sky Slashing Sword that was created using space also disappeared. This Sky Slashing Sword was originally condensed by Yun Longtao using space. Even if it disappeared, he could condense another one in an instant.
Under Xiao Daoyuan's attack, he actually forced Yun Longtao to abandon his weapon and choose to retreat at the same time …
It had to be said that this was the best result he had achieved so far.
Many of the martial artists from the Black Iron Martial House heaved a sigh of relief. Perhaps in their hearts, the younger generation of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom no longer had any hope of defeating Yun Longtao. By forcing Yun Longtao to retreat like this, they had already saved some face.
However, Zhou Ning and Zhou Huang didn't think so.
The dignified Black Iron Divine Kingdom actually couldn't find anyone to fight against Yun Longtao. This was a reality that they couldn't accept.
Although the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had been slightly weakened over the years, it wasn't to this extent!
Zhou Ning's eyes were gloomy. He was already calculating in his heart. If Xiao Daoyuan was really defeated, he might have to go up and kill Yun Longtao's spirit! As the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he had the obligation to protect the dignity of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom!
Although it was inevitable that he would lose face if he personally went up to fight as the Crown Prince, he couldn't care less at this moment.
Yun Longtao sank down, and his body shrank back, creating a distance between him and Xiao Daoyuan. With a wave of his hand, the Sky Slashing Sword once again appeared in his hand.
"Not bad, not bad at all. It's enough for me to be more serious!" Yun Longtao pointed the transparent Sky Slashing Sword at Xiao Daoyuan.
"You talk too much!" Xiao Daoyuan held the long spear with one hand and extended two fingers with the other hand, pressing on the body of the long spear. As the hand holding the long spear pulled hard, the long spear was like a tailor's tape, being drawn by his two fingers.
"Hiss …"
After Xiao Daoyuan's two fingers drew across the spear, it lit up the entire spear. The spear seemed to have a mind of its own as it completely turned into a snake that continuously coiled around Xiao Daoyuan. As for the tip of the spear, it was aimed at Yun Longtao from beginning to end.
Yun Longtao had a smile on his face as he lightly waved the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand. Indeed, he did not waste any more words and attacked Xiao Daoyuan a second time!
After Xiao Daoyuan activated the spirit of the spear, he waited for Yun Longtao to approach. Like a beast with a keen sense of smell, he automatically attacked Yun Longtao.
"Ding!"
The tip of the spear nailed itself onto Yun Longtao's body, but at this moment, the spatial armor once again appeared on Yun Longtao's body …
This spear only left a deep mark on the spatial armor, but it was still unable to break through his armor. Or rather, it was unable to break through with a single strike.
Upon seeing this scene, the faces of many Void Tribulation Realm warriors from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom immediately darkened.
Originally, everyone thought that Yun Longtao would not be able to condense the spatial armor after condensing the Sky Slashing Sword. It seemed that Yun Longtao had only felt that there was no need for it.
This fellow had an invulnerable spatial armor and a sharp Sky Slashing Sword that could cut through everything. How could he fight him? This was simply unsolvable!
Just as everyone had thought, Yun Longtao, who had become serious, gave up on dodging and defending. He allowed Xiao Daoyuan's spear to stab straight at him while the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand continued to slide through space, slashing at Xiao Daoyuan.
The third strike, the fourth strike, the fifth strike …
After the fifth strike, Yun Longtao's figure flashed to the side. With a burst of blood, another arm fell from the sky.
The Crown Prince's gaze flickered, and disappointment flashed in his eyes. His brows furrowed deeply. What should he do? Do I really have to fight?