After Xiao Daoyuan's defeat, other than the Crown Prince and King Yan, the Black Iron Divine Nation had no other worthy fighters.
The first tier of the Divine Nation Continent referred to the top god-ranked geniuses. God-ranked geniuses were already rare, let alone the top ones.
There was a huge gap in strength between the first tier and the second tier. Even if the top fighters of the second tier went up, they would be instantly killed by Yun Longtao.
Crown Prince Zhou Ning had not seen Luo Zheng's strength. When Luo Zheng passed the Black Jade Martial House's assessment, Zhou Ning was not present. It was Zhan Yun who personally reported to him that an independent fighter had appeared in the Black Jade Martial House. This fighter had the qualifications to stand in the first tier.
The Crown Prince had to recruit such a person. That was why he hurried to Lonely Crane City. At that time, Zhou Ning thought that it would be easy to recruit Luo Zheng. After all, Zhan Yun also told him that King Yan had a bad relationship with this person.
However, he did not expect King Yan to appear halfway.
After listening to Zhan Yun's description, Zhou Ning only had a rough estimate of Luo Zheng's strength. This kid's strength was probably on par with Zhan Yun's, or maybe even stronger. Even if he went up, he would not be Yun Longtao's opponent. However, the Black Iron Divine Nation had no other worthy fighters.
These were not the main problem. The main problem was whether this kid would listen to his orders. What if he spoke and Luo Zheng did not agree? What should he do?
Seeing the Crown Prince's flickering eyes, King Yan sneered. He knew that it was time for him to go up. The Black Iron Divine Nation had just been defeated. Now, it was time for the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and Star Field Divine Nation to send out their fighters. Whether they could challenge Yun Longtao or not, King Yan would send Luo Zheng!
Zhou Huang's two sons each had their own thoughts. However, everyone's attention was still on the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation and the Star Field Divine Nation.
The Heavenly Wind War Emperor was wearing a huge cloak. He stood on the platform at the top of the stairs. When the wind blew, the cloak fluttered loudly.
From the beginning to the end, the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation did not send out a single fighter. Now, it seemed that the Heavenly Wind War Emperor still did not plan to send out a fighter to challenge Yun Longtao.
Thus, everyone understood that the next round would send out the Star Field Divine Nation.
The King of the Star Field Divine Nation laughed, "It looks like our Star Field Divine Nation's brats aren't strong enough.......................
The Sky Fortune King turned around and asked the Crown Prince and Princes of the Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom.
. how..... the Heavenly Wind War............. However, according to the usual practice, the monarch would naturally not recommend a candidate. After all, if the candidate recommended by the monarch was defeated, it would be too humiliating.
.................
..... request.......
.....
The Star Field Divine Nation was the second strongest Divine Nation, and the several Martial Houses within the Divine Nation were also filled with talents. Naturally, there were many cultivators who were unconvinced.
......, they....... one............
The Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Nation called Zhuo 'er's eyes flashed. Finally, his gaze fell on Zhao Ruyi. He faintly said, "Zhao Ruyi, fight!"
The Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Nation was also in a bad mood. Such a large Divine Nation was actually suppressed by Yun Longtao of the Great Yu Divine Nation. Was he really invincible in the False Tribulation realm? The Crown Prince didn't believe this …
However, the sword in Yun Longtao's hand told the Crown Prince what cruelty was. What bloody reality was.
Zhao Ruyi's performance was slightly better than that of the Black Iron Divine Nation's Xiao Daoyuan. But, he was only able to withstand seven sword strikes from Yun Longtao …
After seven sword strikes, Zhao Ruyi also paid the price of an arm and left the stage.
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy face finally relaxed. He suddenly turned his head and looked at Zhou Huang with a smile. "I wonder if there's anyone from the Black Iron Divine Nation who can still fight?"
There were only 20 to 30 people in the four Divine Nations who could stand on the first step. Everyone had a list of these people!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great knew that only Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan, two False Tribulation realm experts, could fight. If more people went up, the Zhou Imperial Clan would have to fight. The Crown Prince might have to fight directly.
When he asked this question, Zhou Huang's face flashed with anger. This was too much. He actually asked the obvious! This was the same as bullying the Black Iron Divine Nation!
This battle was just a review before the exploration of the secret realm. It was equivalent to an appetizer. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words were too much.
However, anger flashed across Zhou Huang's face. He really didn't have a good idea. Did he really have to let the Crown Prince fight? It wasn't impossible. However, even if he won, it wouldn't be a glorious thing. If he lost, it would be even more humiliating …
If the Crown Prince of the Divine Nation was defeated, what qualifications did Zhou Ning have to take over the throne?
Therefore, the Crown Prince had to be very cautious.
At this moment, the Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Nation twisted her body and walked to Battle Emperor Yu the Great's side. She giggled and said, "As far as I know, only Xiao Daoyuan and Zhan Yun are qualified to fight in the Black Iron Divine Nation. Now, their arms have been cut off by Longtao. Will Yan Yan or the Crown Prince fight? "
Hearing the Saintess' words, Zhou Ning's face flashed with anger.
Other than the Imperial Clan, the Great Yu Divine Nation had a large esoteric sect. The Saintess was the most important person in the esoteric sect. Her position in the Great Yu Divine Nation was equal to that of the Crown Prince. Sometimes, her words were even more effective than the Crown Prince's.
After all, if the Crown Prince wanted to succeed the throne, he first had to wait for the King to abdicate. Moreover, he had to step into the Divine Sea Realm. The abdication of the King usually took thousands or even tens of thousands of years. Not every Crown Prince had the opportunity to step into the Divine Sea Realm.
However, as long as she was chosen as the Saintess by the esoteric sect, she would be able to command the esoteric sect in the Great Yu Divine Nation.
At this time, Zhou Ning sneered and looked at Luo Zheng again. Although he did not think that Luo Zheng could defeat Yun Longtao, he could not let others think that there was no one in the Black Iron Divine Nation!
"Who said that there is no one in the Black Iron Divine Nation to fight?" Zhou Ning said coldly. Then, he turned to Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Tianxing, you fight on my behalf!"
Hearing Zhou Ning calling his name, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. His eyes fell on King Yan. King Yan shook his head slightly at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng nodded slightly but did not respond.
There were many warriors in the square. When they heard this name, they naturally did not know who the Crown Prince was calling. The point was that no one responded. Many people felt even more strange.
Who was this Luo Tianxing? Was he a new genius in the Black Iron Divine Nation? Whether he was or not, why didn't he appear? Could it be that even the Crown Prince could not command him?
Seeing Luo Zheng standing still, Zhou Ning's face flushed red. His eyes were filled with anger. Now was the chance for Luo Zheng to show off. This brat did not want to give face to him!
Only the three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Black Jade Martial House stood on the steps. They knew about Luo Tianxing. At the same time, they also knew that the Crown Prince and King Yan had tried to recruit him. It seemed that the Crown Prince had failed …
Zhou Huang's face was also full of confusion. During this period of time, there really wasn't any information about Luo Tianxing reported to him, so Zhou Huang asked in puzzlement, "Ning 'er, who is this Luo Tianxing?"
Just as Zhou Ning was about to speak, Yan Wang beat him to it. He knew that it was time for him to speak. "Imperial Father, Luo Tianxing is my friend. He is also a genius that has recently appeared in the Profound Jade Martial House. His strength is not below Zhan Yun and Xiao Daoyuan. Even I am inferior to him!"
"Oh?" Zhou Huang's face lit up. "Is that so?"
"Yes, I will ask him to come out now!" King Yan looked at Zhou Ning with a smile. Then, he said to Luo Zheng in a clear voice, "Brother Tianxing, I will leave this battle to you!"
Hearing the King of Yan address him as "brother", a strange look flashed across everyone's face. Although they were all warriors and the status of warriors was generally determined by their strength, it was different after establishing the God's Kingdom. After all, such a large God's Kingdom had to be maintained. How could he, the dignified King of Yan, address a warrior who was born of a concubine as brother? How could this be? Even the Crown Prince, Zhou Ning, just called Luo Tianxing by his name!
Because of this, Zhou Huang's face revealed a trace of displeasure.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a slight smile. In fact, after seeing Yun Longtao's performance, Luo Zheng knew that he could not avoid it.
Therefore, his body flashed and he suddenly jumped up from the crowd. Then, he slowly floated up to the sky.
"A warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm? Hehe, is there really no one left in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom? I don't think so. There are a lot of warriors in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm below. Any one of them is stronger than this guy, right? "
"Luo Tianxing? I have never heard of this person before. Where did this guy come from?"
"King Yan is not a fool. Since he dares to send this person out, he must have some skills!"
"Have some skills? Even if he has 10 skills, it will be useless! Senior Brother Longtao is invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. This guy is only in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. I am afraid he can't even block one sword strike! "
When the warriors in the square saw that Luo Zheng was only in the False Tribulation Realm, they immediately opened their mouths. They thought that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had no one else and could only send such a guy out.
At this moment, even the Divine Sea Realm mighty figures on the steps had strange expressions on their faces.
At first, Zhou Huang heard the Crown Prince recommend this person. In the end, he failed to call him out. Then, King Yan called him out. He was indeed looking forward to it. However, it turned out that this person was a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm.