The Saintess of the Esoteric Sect of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was named Bai Yuerong. The Bai Family was an unknown warrior family in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. However, Bai Yuerong was chosen as the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect after she was born.
At that time, the ninth prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Liu Hongwen, received a spirit lamp in the immortal tomb, which was given to him by a commoner.
It was said that there were a total of nine spirit lamps in the immortal tomb. Once they were opened, they could open a passage and enter an immortal tomb.
However, after waiting for many years, the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb had not been opened. Bai Yuerong was curious. On the third day of March every year, she and Liu Hongwen would open the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb together. Unexpectedly, a space passage really appeared!
Because the two of them did not expect to open the spirit lamp in the immortal tomb at this time, they hurriedly invited a few Life and Death Realm guards and entered the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb.
They did not expect that the trip to the Misty Sky Immortal Tomb would directly kill Liu Hongwen. This caused quite a stir in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
After all, a prince had died. Although the Great Yu Battle Emperor had many princes, Liu Hongwen's talent was in the top ten. He was considered outstanding among the princes of the Divine Kingdom.
A small warrior from the Tianbei Region dared to go against a Divine Kingdom?
Any Divine Sea Realm almighty could flatten the entire Tianbei Region if they rushed across the Chaotic Astral Ocean!
Next, across the vast Chaotic Astral Ocean, she contacted Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe, the two False Tribulation Realm warriors, to support the Divine Kingdom and so on …
Bai Yuerong arranged for the Heartless Sweetheart to do these things.
However, after a few years, Cui Xie still could not find Bai Yuerong. Bai Yuerong was busy with various matters in the Esoteric Sect and gradually forgot about this matter.
One day, the Heartless Sweetheart suddenly told Bai Yuerong that Luo Zheng had appeared and that he would personally go to the Tianbei Region to kill Luo Zheng.
Bai Yuerong was curious. Two years ago, Luo Zheng was just a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. How could such an ant be worth the Heartless Sweetheart, a Divine Sea Realm almighty, personally taking action? Just let that Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe kill them?
Unexpectedly, Heartless Monk told Bai Yuerong that Luo Zheng not only defeated his soul in the Spirit Goblet, but also killed Cui Xie, who was in the Life and Death Realm!
Even in Scandinavia, where geniuses ran rampant, such a monstrous character had never appeared! From the Divine Reflection Realm to the False Tribulation Realm in two years? Moreover, he had killed a fourth level Life and Death Realm martial artist! Since when could such a monstrous figure be born in Tian Bei Region?
Even as a Holy Maiden, it was difficult for her to command a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm. However, since Heartless Lover was willing to kill Luo Zheng himself, Bai Yuerong naturally wouldn't refuse. It was also at this time that she, who had originally stopped paying attention to Luo Zheng, gradually began to pay attention to this matter.
She found it strange. Why would Heartless Beloved, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior, be interested in Luo Zheng? He was an old monster who would never do anything without benefits. It must be that there was something about that guy that attracted Heartless Beloved's attention.
However, no matter what, a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm was almost invincible in Tian Bei Region. Luo Zheng was doomed. Such an ant couldn't escape death after all. Bai Yuerong had almost no doubt about this estimation!
However, not long after, news suddenly came from Yu Da's Divine Kingdom that Heartless Beloved's Natal Card was broken! Star Sword Esteemed's Natal Card was broken!
There were more than 20 mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm in Yu Da's Divine Kingdom. Although there was competition among the four Divine Kingdoms, generally speaking, they had a good relationship. Under normal circumstances, it was rare for a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm to die, unless they were at the end of their lifespan, or some mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm who went to explore the mysterious sea areas overseas.
These two mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm died in such a strange way in Tian Bei Region, which indeed shocked the entire Yu Da's Divine Kingdom!
For the Divine Kingdom, Tian Bei Region was just a barren island. In such a place, who could threaten a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm?
It was not easy for a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm to kill a mighty warrior in the Divine Sea Realm. Neither Heartless Beloved nor Star Sword Esteemed sent back a message before their Natal Cards were broken …
The strange death of two mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm alerted the Yu Da's Divine Kingdom immediately. However, the Yu Da's Divine Kingdom didn't take any action for the time being. If something really happened in Tian Bei Region, two more mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm might not be able to find out.
Therefore, the Divine Kingdom hid this matter and decided to explore the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea first. The storms in the Chaotic Astral Sea would calm down every once in a while. When the next storm subsided, it would not be too late to form a team of mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm to explore the Tian Bei Region. If some mighty warriors really appeared in the Tian Bei Region, they would directly wipe out all the creatures in the Tian Bei Region.
As for Luo Zheng, although Bai Yuerong was concerned about him, now it involved the lives of two mighty warriors in the Divine Sea Realm, Heartless Beloved and Star Sword Esteemed. It was not something that Bai Yuerong could decide. She could only wait for the time being.
Today, when she heard the King of Yan call out Luo Tianxing, her gaze landed on that person. Although two years had passed and Luo Zheng's face was somewhat unfamiliar to her, it was difficult to change a person's spirit, spirit, and aura.
What was more, this guy's surname was Luo.
Luo Tianxing?
Thinking of this, a cold smile suddenly appeared on the face of Bai Yuerong, the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great. She slowly walked to the edge of the platform and then gently floated into the air. Her eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng.
When Battle Emperor Yu the Great saw Bai Yuerong fly out for no reason, a strange expression appeared on his face. "Saintess, why …"
A smile appeared on Bai Yuerong's face. She said to Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Your Majesty, I found something interesting."
"Something interesting?" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was puzzled.
"Yes!" Bai Yuerong nodded slightly. Then, she said coldly to Luo Zheng, "Luo Tianxing? Hmph, you should be called Luo Zheng, right? "
Since Luo Zheng chose to stand out, he naturally expected that the Saintess of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great would jump out. He had already thought of a few plans. The first plan was naturally the simplest one, which was to pretend to be stupid.
Originally, he was flying towards the square barrier in the air to challenge Yun Longtao. Yun Longtao, on the other hand, was waiting for Luo Zheng with a face full of contempt. Yun Longtao's thoughts were similar to those of the other warriors. The Black Iron Divine Kingdom was probably really out of people. That was why they found a warrior in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm to make up the numbers.
At this moment, Bai Yuerong suddenly spoke. Luo Zheng stopped. He stared at Bai Yuerong strangely and said with a smile, "My real name is Luo Zheng. What do you mean by Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng's expression was extremely serious. Bai Yuerong frowned slightly. After all, two or three years had passed. Bai Yuerong could not be sure at the moment. However, she looked at Luo Zheng carefully and her eyes were filled with certainty again. "Luo Zheng, it's useless to pretend to be stupid. I have never heard of someone like you in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom! You must have taken advantage of the Chaotic Astral Sea's storm to cross the Star Sea, right? You are really bold! "
"Your Majesty, I am from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Now, I want to challenge a warrior from your Divine Kingdom. If you are afraid, you can say it directly. However, it is not appropriate to beat around the bush like this, right?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
At this moment, the four Monarchs looked at each other in dismay. King Yan's face was also filled with anger. This Bai Yuerong was really annoying! Now, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom could only rely on Luo Zheng. Why did she jump out at this time? King Yan's temper was originally arrogant and proud. He only restrained himself in front of many elders. Now that it was Luo Zheng's turn, how could he tolerate Bai Yuerong?
King Yan's figure suddenly flashed and he said coldly, "Bai Yuerong, what nonsense are you talking about here? Luo Tianxing is a warrior from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He is from the Black Jade Martial House! If your Dayu Divine Kingdom is afraid, then Yun Longtao can admit defeat obediently! "
Bai Yuerong was about to speak when Yun Longtao sneered and said, "Afraid? King Yan, I, Yun Longtao, have never been afraid of anyone. Moreover, this guy is only at the Middle Stage of the False Tribulation Realm. It's just … a matter of one sword, hehe! "
King Yan sneered, "Then tell your Majesty to shut up!"
At this moment, the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Huang, said faintly, "Luo Tianxing is indeed from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Majesty, are you mistaken?"
The Esoteric Sect was of the same origin as the Human Race in the Upper Domain. The chosen Majesty was the representative of the Esoteric Sect of the Human Race in the Upper Domain. The number of followers of the Esoteric Sect was huge even in other Divine Kingdoms. Therefore, Zhou Huang couldn't reprimand Bai Yuerong.
"Mistaken? How could I … "Bai Yuerong was at a loss. She was 100% sure that this guy was Luo Zheng. Moreover, through Master Heartless, she understood Luo Zheng's strength. This guy was a monster among monsters. With his Middle Stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he killed a Fourth Level Life and Death Realm expert!
Even if Yun Longtao was known to be invincible in the False Tribulation Realm, he might not be a match for Luo Zheng!
"Majesty Majesty, whether you are mistaken or not, I will give you an explanation!" Yun Longtao smiled confidently.
Bai Yuerong's face showed hesitation. She tilted her head slightly. Suddenly, her eyes lit up. She turned to Battle Emperor Yu the Great and said, "Monarch, this guy is Luo Zheng from the North Heaven Region. I am sure of it! He is the one who killed Liu Hongwen! If you don't believe me, you can ask Elder Gong to come here! "
When they entered the Immortal Graveyard, Liu Hongwen had a total of five Life and Death Realm experts with him. Because of Liu Hongwen's death, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was enraged. Except for Elder Gong, who was spared because of his meritorious service, the other Life and Death Realm experts were all sentenced to death.
At this time, they could only ask Elder Gong to identify him!
"Majesty Majesty, are you sure this guy is the one who killed my child?" Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy face became even gloomier after hearing Bai Yuerong's words.
Although Bai Yuerong's sudden appearance seemed a little rash, according to Battle Emperor Yu the Great's understanding, although Bai Yuerong's character was jumpy, she wouldn't speak without thinking in this kind of situation!
＝＝＝＝＝