(Resuming update, there are four updates before 12 o 'clock)
Bai Yuerong nodded slightly and replied, "My King, I won't make a mistake!"
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great stared at Luo Zheng like two poisonous snakes. He had already believed the Saintess' words by 70%. However, since he was representing the Black Iron Divine Nation, Battle Emperor Yu the Great asked, "Little brat, did you kill my son, Hong Wen?"
Luo Zheng shrugged and replied innocently, "I don't know Hongwen, and I know this woman. I don't know what you are talking about!"
Zhou Huang couldn't stand it anymore. His two representatives from the Black Iron Divine Nation had been defeated consecutively. Not only did the Crown Prince recommend Luo Tianxing, but King Yan also recommended him. Now that Luo Tianxing was being questioned by the Great Yu Divine Nation, as the King, he couldn't remain silent.
"Liu Zan, Luo Tianxing is from the Black Iron Divine Nation. He has already said that he is not the person you are looking for. Don't you think it's inappropriate to make things difficult for him?" Zhou Huang suggested patiently.
Liu Zan was the real name of Battle Emperor Yu the Great. The entire Great Yu Divine Nation belonged to the Liu family. Therefore, theoretically speaking, the Great Yu Divine Nation was equivalent to an eighth-rank family!
King Yan looked anxious. He knew that Luo Zheng's background was mysterious. A person with such talent couldn't be a nobody. In fact, King Yan and the Crown Prince had secretly investigated Luo Zheng's identity and background. The information they received was the same. This person didn't come from the Black Iron Divine Nation.
They couldn't find any information from "Luo Tianxing," so they started investigating from the guard beside Luo Zheng. After investigating, they were even more puzzled. This Life and Death Realm expert named Cao Junfeng was from the Great Yu Divine Nation. Moreover, he was a deacon of the Esoteric Sect!
This result made Luo Zheng's identity even more confusing. Of course, King Yan didn't care about Luo Zheng's identity. The key was that this person could help him, which was enough for King Yan.
As for the Crown Prince …
Now, Crown Prince Zhou Ning was certain that Bai Yuerong was right. This guy called Luo Tianxing should be from the Central Domain!
Previously, the Crown Prince wanted Luo Zheng to represent him in the battle, but Luo Zheng didn't do anything. Obviously, Zhou Ning didn't want to speak up for Luo Zheng. Of course, he also didn't want to expose Luo Zheng's identity. After all, Luo Zheng was representing the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. He couldn't speak against him. Otherwise, what would his father think?
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great ignored Zhou Huang's words and snorted coldly. He pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "I don't need you to tell me the truth. I will search your soul personally!"
When Battle Emperor Yu the Great pointed his finger, a powerful soul ripple immediately spread out from between his eyebrows!
"It's a soul attack! Battle God Yu the Great is using a soul attack! "
"A mighty figure of the Divine Sea Realm … Even his soul pressure can turn a False Tribulation Realm warrior into an idiot. I didn't expect Battle Emperor Yu the Great to be a junior …"
"That warrior named Luo Tianxing is in trouble!"
Just now, many False Tribulation Realm warriors in the square were shouting and almost started fighting. However, a mighty figure of the Divine Sea Realm released his soul pressure and suppressed all the False Tribulation Realm warriors.
Soul pressure wasn't used to injure people. It was only used to release a powerful soul pressure to suppress the crowd. However, the souls of mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm were usually very powerful. If they used all their soul pressure to suppress a False Tribulation Realm warrior, it would be enough to turn him into an idiot!
Moreover, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was using a soul attack!
He wanted to wipe out Luo Zheng's consciousness and search his soul. This method was definitely more direct and simple. However, at the same time, Luo Zheng's mind would be messed up by Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He would become a useless idiot.
Obviously, Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't care about Luo Zheng's life.
"Liu Zan, you!"
Zhou Huang's expression changed. He didn't expect Liu Zan to do this. He attacked Luo Tianxing without any warning. It was too late for Zhou Huang to stop him.
Obviously, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, was confident that he could defeat Zhou Huang. He wouldn't start a war with the Divine Kingdom over a mere False Tribulation Realm warrior. Therefore, he might as well attack first!
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the soul fluctuation rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes glowed faintly as he stared at Battle Emperor Yu the Great indifferently.
Luo Zheng had already felt the power of the soul fluctuation when it surged out. Luo Zheng's soul was now infinitely close to the Blue Soul Realm. Souls below the Blue Soul Realm couldn't do much damage to him.
Obviously, the soul fluctuation was only released by the soul of a Battle Soul Realm warrior. Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of it.
Therefore, he stood in the air calmly without much expression on his face. However, he was very wary of Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Battle Emperor Yu the Great was able to obtain the title of Battle Emperor. He was one of the best among the Divine Sea Realm warriors. If Battle Emperor Yu the Great was determined to kill him, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to last more than one round.
Most importantly, Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't even ask him a question before he wanted to kill him. He didn't seem to care about what others thought of him!
The soul attack wasn't the problem. The problem was that Battle Emperor Yu the Great was targeting him!
Luo Zheng didn't choose to fight back. He also didn't ask Qinglong to devour Battle Emperor Yu the Great's soul attack. Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng could only choose to endure. Once he fought back, he would be attacked directly by Battle Emperor Yu the Great!
Even an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior whose soul had just entered the Battle Soul Realm wouldn't be able to withstand Battle Emperor Yu the Great's soul attack. Under such an attack, one's soul would be injured very quickly and might even disintegrate.
The powerful soul attack continued to attack Luo Zheng's soul. However, Luo Zheng's soul was extremely sturdy. It was just that the surface of his soul kept flashing with a jade-green light. His soul was fine!
"I'm afraid that the soul in his mind has already been shattered …"
"If he doesn't move, he will definitely turn into an idiot!"
"Poor guy. Who told him to offend Battle Emperor Yu the Great? Is the Monarch so easy to deal with?"
Many Void Tribulation Realm warriors revealed expressions of lingering fear when they saw the powerful soul attack. Although the attack wasn't targeted at them, just feeling the lingering might of the soul attack was enough to make them feel fear.
King Yan closed his eyes and frowned deeply. Although he hadn't known Luo Zheng for a long time, he knew that Luo Zheng was not only extremely talented and powerful, but he also never pretended. This was why King Yan valued Luo Zheng. He treated Luo Zheng as a true friend.
If it was any other Divine Sea Realm warrior, King Yan would definitely stop him. However, it was Battle Emperor Yu the Great who was attacking him. King Yan didn't have the right to do so. Moreover, even if he wanted to stop him, it would be too late!
Zhou Huang sighed softly and said, "Alright, Liu Zan. No matter what, he represents the Black Iron Divine Nation. Don't destroy his life force. Leave him with a physical body!"
If Luo Zheng's soul was completely destroyed, Luo Zheng's life force would disappear. However, if Luo Zheng's soul was destroyed, Luo Zheng would not die but would become an idiot. Zhou Huang couldn't stop him in time. He could only ask Liu Zan to leave Luo Zheng alive.
It was better to become an idiot than to die.
However, as soon as Zhou Huang finished speaking, Liu Zan's face revealed a strange expression. His eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng.
The stalemate lasted for a while. Many Divine Sea Realm warriors felt that something was wrong.
Not only Zhou Huang, but also the King of the Star Field Divine Nation and the Tianfeng War Emperor of the Tianfeng Divine Nation looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. At the same time, they shifted their gazes back to Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
Luo Tianxing's eyes were clear and bright. It seemed that he was fine.
What was going on?
Did Battle Emperor Yu the Great show mercy?
This was impossible. The four Kings had been in power for so many years. They knew each other's temperament very well.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, had a gloomy personality. He was cold-blooded and arrogant. If he chose to attack, there was no possibility of him showing mercy.
However, Luo Tianxing seemed to be fine. What was going on?
On the stairs, the Divine Sea Realm warriors' eyes flickered. They couldn't understand the situation at all.
As time passed, not only did the Divine Sea Realm warriors realize that something was wrong, but even the Life and Death Realm warriors and the False Tribulation Realm warriors could see that something was wrong.