Everyone's first reaction was that Battle Emperor Yu the Great had held back.
After opening the Spirit Sea, martial artists would have their own Inner World and it would be easier for them to cultivate their souls.
The resources in the Lower World were scarce and could not be compared to the Upper World. Therefore, there were not many methods to cultivate one's soul.
Therefore, many genius martial artists in the Upper World could cultivate their souls to the Combat Soul Realm when they were in the False Tribulation Realm or the Life and Death Realm. However, in the Lower World, many martial artists had to open their Spirit Sea and become Divine Sea Almighties before they could cultivate their souls to the Combat Soul Realm.
As for Luo Zheng, he was an accident.
In a sense, it was not an accident because Luo Zheng did not cultivate his soul in the Lower World. He relied on his ascension to the True Dragon World. Under the test of the Evil Spirit of the Owl Beast, his soul had improved rapidly and he had absorbed a considerable amount of soul energy. Only then was his soul able to reach the Combat Soul Realm.
In the Lower World, Divine Sea Almighties could easily suppress Life and Death Realm experts. First of all, there was a huge gap between their souls.
Only after reaching the Combat Soul Realm could one's soul transform into a powerful weapon.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. He could feel that Luo Zheng's soul was not weaker than his. In fact, it was even stronger than his!
If Luo Zheng had chosen to fight back, Battle Emperor Yu the Great would have suffered a great loss. At the very least, the wisp of soul that attacked Luo Zheng would have been destroyed by Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng did not fight back. He was probably afraid of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's strength.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. After a while, he said, "Good, good, good. At such a young age, with such cultivation, your soul is close to the Blue Soul Realm! You are indeed a young hero! "
When Battle Emperor Yu the Great said this, everyone's expression changed drastically!
Everyone thought that Battle Emperor Yu the Great had held back. However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great told everyone that he had not held back. It was because Luo Zheng's soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm!
Below the Divine Sea Realm, it was extremely difficult for one's soul to reach the Combat Soul Realm. In other words, it was impossible in the lower realm!
There were too few soul cultivation techniques and pills, and their effects were usually very poor. Since ancient times, there had never been a Life and Death Realm warrior who had cultivated his soul to the Battle Soul Realm, let alone Luo Zheng, who was just a False Tribulation Realm warrior! Moreover, he was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
Therefore, how could everyone not be shocked when they heard Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words?
Upon hearing Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words, Bai Yuerong immediately replied, "That's right! The Heartless Master once said that the Spirit Goblet he set up in the Northern Heaven Region was destroyed by Luo Zheng. This person's soul force is so powerful that Elder Gong doesn't need to come and identify you. There's no doubt that you're Luo Zheng! "
"No matter who this kid is, how did he cultivate his soul to such a level? Even Battle God Yu the Great is helpless against him? "
"Isn't this too exaggerated? Moreover, he came from a small place like the North Heaven Region. It is said that even a Life and Death Realm expert could sweep through the North Heaven Region … "
"That's impossible. How could a place like the North Heaven Region give birth to such a monster?"
The False Tribulation Realm warriors who could stand in the West Dragon River were basically divine geniuses in the four Divine Kingdoms. They were geniuses at the first and second tier. Even geniuses at the third tier were rare.
These divine geniuses were likely to enter the Divine Sea Realm in the future! Of course, it was only a possibility. The number of warriors who could enter the Divine Sea Realm in the end was still small.
Since they were geniuses, they would be conceited!
But at this moment, they were all shocked. This shock wasn't because of Luo Zheng's strength. There were many ways to measure a martial artist's strength, such as cultivation methods, strength, speed, cultivation, soul, and so on.
Soul was only one of them.
Just like what Battle Emperor Yu the Great had said, Luo Zheng's soul was indeed very powerful. It was even close to the Blue Soul Realm. However, this did not mean that Luo Zheng was very strong in other aspects. After all, Luo Zheng had not shown his strength yet.
Even so, the fact that his soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm made them so jealous that they could not believe it. They did not want to believe it!
It was like a group of people of the same age who were originally at the same starting line. Everyone earned about the same amount of wealth every day. Occasionally, someone would earn twice or thrice as much as them. This was also within the normal range. Other than being envious, everyone would also work harder to catch up.
However, one day, a guy suddenly appeared. This guy was about the same age as them and had the same cultivation as them. In the end, he earned hundreds or even thousands of times more than them. How could other people of the same age feel at ease?
They did not even have the courage to catch up …
The three Divine Sea Realm warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House were even more shocked. They had already seen Luo Zheng's strength. This guy not only had an amazing understanding of the Dharma, but his physical strength had also reached a horrifying level. Now, the three of them realized that Luo Zheng's soul was also very powerful. This guy was a monster with no flaws!
When this guy reached the Divine Sea Realm in the future, what kind of terrifying strength would he have?
Crown Prince Zhou Ning stared at Luo Zheng. He murmured in his heart, "A soul close to the Blue Soul Realm … How could this be? How could this be? Alas, if this person could be roped in by me, he would be of great help to me in the future. Unfortunately, he chose to side with Yan Wang. Is this fate? "
Today, the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms had arrived. Moreover, they had brought along their respective Crown Princes and Princes.
The Crown Princes and Princes who were able to follow behind the rulers were naturally not weak. They were all firmly ranked in the first tier of martial artists. Moreover, some of the Crown Princes and Princes were even able to stand at the top of the first tier!
These Crown Princes and Princes were the true protagonists of the four Divine Kingdoms' future!
As long as ordinary Divine Rank geniuses did not "fall", they would eventually reach the Divine Sea Realm. However, these Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms were almost certain to reach the Divine Sea Realm!
However, at this time, many Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms were extremely depressed.
They were originally the pride of their Divine Kingdoms. They were the strongest of the younger generation. Under the wings of their Emperor Father, they steadily grew. With the accumulation of vast amounts of resources and secret cultivation sites, their achievements and strength far exceeded their peers by several times!
However, now, they had been dealt a heavy blow by Luo Zheng.
As the saying goes, comparisons are odious. In the past, no one could compare with them because they were the first batch of martial artists. However, now that they compared themselves with Luo Zheng, they realized the gap between them and Luo Zheng.
"Hmph, it's only his soul that is strong. I think he must have encountered some great opportunity that caused his soul to mutate. I'm afraid his strength is not enough to withstand a single blow!"
"I would like to meet this guy. It's useless to have a strong soul. I have the secret treasure that my Emperor Father gave me to protect my soul. This guy can't do anything to me!"
"Let's see how it goes. If this guy can defeat Yun Longtao, maybe I'll be interested in going down to play with him!"
The Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms all had the same thought. Only by thinking this way could they feel better.
On the other hand, King Yan opened his eyes. His eyes were shining with excitement. He had long noticed that Luo Zheng was extraordinary. However, he did not expect Luo Zheng's soul to be so ridiculously strong. Even Liu Zan could not do anything to Luo Zheng. This guy had brought him a huge surprise.
At this time, King Yan suddenly became vigilant. He immediately used his True Essence to transmit his voice to Zhou Huang, "Emperor Father …"
How could Zhou Huang not know what King Yan meant?
Just now, Liu Zan had suddenly attacked Luo Zheng with his soul. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng's soul was not much weaker than Liu Zan's.
Now, Liu Zan's heart was filled with killing intent. If he used his True Essence to crush Luo Zheng, how could Luo Zheng survive?
It would be fine if such a person did not appear in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. However, once he appeared, King Yan would protect him no matter what!
Swoosh!
Zhou Huang's figure flashed and stood between Luo Zheng and Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Then, he looked at Battle Emperor Yu the Great indifferently and said, "Liu Zan, that's enough. As the Monarch, you have gone too far by attacking a junior. No matter whether he is Luo Zheng or Luo Tianxing, he is still a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom!"