Where there were people, there would be competition. Although the four Divine Kingdoms were united, there had never been a large-scale "Divine Kingdom War" between them.
However, this did not mean that there was no competition between the four Divine Kingdoms.
On the contrary, because the four Divine Kingdoms were on good terms, they were unable to annex each other. Therefore, the competition between them was even more intense!
This was also the reason why the four Divine Kingdoms had so many Martial Houses. The purpose was to nurture new geniuses!
As the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Huang was well aware of Luo Zheng's value. Although he had not seen Luo Zheng's true strength, he knew that Luo Zheng's soul was close to the Blue Soul Realm. This was enough to explain many things.
Although Zhou Huang spoke in an amiable manner, it did not mean that he was afraid of Battle Emperor Yu the Great!
In the past few years, Yu the Great Divine Kingdom's development was the strongest. In terms of overall strength, Yu the Great Divine Kingdom was ranked first while Black Iron Divine Kingdom was ranked fourth.
However, that was only in terms of overall strength. In terms of strength, Zhou Huang might not be inferior to Liu Zan!
Hearing Zhou Huang's words, Liu Zan's face turned gloomy. He asked, "Zhou Huang, what do you mean?"
Zhou Huang said indifferently, "My meaning is clear. I don't know if he is Luo Zheng or Luo Tianxing. He came from my Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Black Jade Martial House. He is a subject of my Black Iron Divine Kingdom!"
Liu Zan snorted coldly as a sneer appeared at the corner of his mouth. "So, my son died for nothing?"
Zhou Huang's lips curled up and he replied indifferently, "If I remember correctly, Liu Zan, you have more than twenty thousand descendants, right?"
Some Monarchs liked women and naturally had many children. However, the Monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms all had many children. After all, as Monarchs, the more successors they had, the better. Only then would they be able to find the best of the best and find the most outstanding heir!
However, Liu Zan, the Battle Emperor of Yu the Great, probably had the most children. This person was extremely fond of women. His harem occupied millions of hectares of land, which was equivalent to a medium-sized city. There were probably tens of thousands of beautiful women in his harem.
These concubines had probably given birth to more than twenty thousand princes. This Liu Zan was probably unable to remember the names of all his sons …
Princes were worthless in the Divine Kingdoms.
Even if he was a prince, he had to rely on his talent and strength to prove that he was not a good-for-nothing. Only then would he be able to eat a hot meal! Most of the princes who were not talented enough could only be cruelly eliminated.
From this point of view, it could be seen that the lives of the princes with inferior talent were much more miserable than that of ordinary people.
"Even though I have many children, Hongwen's talent is excellent and he is deeply favored by me. His relationship with the Saintess is also extremely good! Don't tell me that as a father, I can't ask for an explanation! "Liu Zan said coldly to Zhou Huang.
Hearing that Liu Zan wanted an explanation, Zhou Huang sneered in his heart. Finally, he revealed his true colors.
Among the four monarchs, Liu Zan's character was known to be sinister and treacherous. After saying so much, he was just trying to extort a sum of money from him.
"I will give you an explanation! But I'll say it again, Luo Tianxing is a warrior of my Black Iron Godly Country! "Zhou Huang slowly moved aside. At the same time, he turned around and said to Luo Zheng," Luo Tianxing! "
With a smile on his face, Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Zhou Huang and said, "Here!"
"Since my son, Zhihua, asked you to fight on his behalf, then you should perform well! But you have to be careful. "Zhou Huang said faintly and returned to the high platform.
As a monarch, it was commendable for him to do this. After all, Luo Zheng was just a False Tribulation Realm warrior.
He reminded Luo Zheng to pay attention to the warriors of Yu the Great Divine Country. Since he had said this, Liu Zan certainly would not attack Luo Zheng.
However, the strength of the younger generation of warriors of Yu the Great Divine Country could not be underestimated. If a warrior of Yu the Great Divine Country accidentally "killed" Luo Zheng, Zhou Huang would not be able to protect Luo Zheng. He could only blame himself for not being strong enough.
Zhihua?
Black Iron Godly Country was the world of the Zhou family, so the full name of Prince Yan was Zhou Zhihua …
Luo Zheng was delighted. No wonder he was called "Huahua" before.
Luo Zheng was very touched by Zhou Huang's warning. After all, he was not a warrior of Black Iron Godly Country. For a False Tribulation Realm warrior like him, Zhou Huang was willing to protect him. This was already beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
The disturbance came to an end. Luo Zheng turned around and flew towards the barrier in the air. His eyes finally fell on Yun Longtao.
Yun Longtao's mouth curved, but he still had a confident smile on his face. He said to Luo Zheng, "Your soul is very strong! But … I don't know how strong it is! "
With the soul of a Battle Soul Realm warrior, Luo Zheng's advantage was obvious when facing an ordinary False Tribulation Realm warrior.
Even the confident Yun Longtao had a deep fear. Although he had a magical treasure that could defend his soul, he was not sure if it could withstand Luo Zheng's soul attack.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Don't worry! I won't use soul attacks! "
These words made Yun Longtao's face sink. The kid in front of him seemed to be even more arrogant than him!
He obviously had an incomparable advantage, but he actually gave it up. Moreover, Luo Zheng had already seen Yun Longtao's strength. What did this mean?
"Good! You actually have such confidence! Longtao, this person deserves your full strength! "Liu Zan's voice sounded again.
The meaning of his words was very clear. It was equivalent to sealing off Luo Zheng's path of using his soul to suppress his opponent. He was going to rely on his own strength to challenge Yun Longtao!
Yun Longtao nodded. He was not scared. Moreover, Luo Zheng had given up his advantage in the soul. He had always believed that it would be difficult for him to find an opponent in the False Tribulation Realm. That was why he had the title of being invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. He was 80% sure that he could defeat Luo Zheng!
However, after hearing Liu Zan's words, Yun Longtao understood that he was not going to simply defeat Luo Zheng and take away Luo Zheng's arm. He was going to take Luo Zheng's life.
Luo Zheng slowly took out a long sword from his body. With a gentle shake, it glowed with a faint golden luster against the sunlight.
"Upper Grade Sacred Weapon?" Seeing Luo Zheng's long sword, Yun Longtao's eyes narrowed slightly.
Even in the Black Iron Divine Nation, which was famous for its blacksmiths, Upper Grade Sacred Weapons were rare. Even if there were, they were the weapons of the imperial family. It was very difficult for ordinary warriors to get their hands on them.
Therefore, when Zhou Huang saw the Upper Grade Sacred Weapon in Luo Zheng's hand, his face revealed a strange expression. "Zhihua, did you give him this Upper Grade Sacred Weapon?"
King Yan shook his head. "Luo Zheng didn't ask me for a Sacred Weapon. This should be his own."
Zhou Huang shook his head and smiled. "This person's origin, I'm afraid … it's not as simple as being born in the Tianbei Region."
His inference was very simple. It was impossible for a barren land like the Tianbei Region to give birth to a blacksmith who could refine Upper Grade Sacred Weapons. Even if there were, a blacksmith of that level would not be able to find the materials to refine Upper Grade Sacred Weapons!
Zhou Huang was a blacksmith himself. He knew very well what kind of price was needed to refine a Upper Grade Sacred Weapon.
King Yan nodded and said, "I understand. However, Luo Tianxing's character is excellent and we are like-minded. Therefore, I gave him my precious Origin Stone of Life."
"Well, well done. Such a person staying in the Black Iron Divine Nation will bring immeasurable benefits to the Divine Nation in the future," Zhou Huang said.
Hearing the conversation between King Yan and Zhou Huang, Crown Prince Zhou Ning's face gradually darkened!
Zhou Ning and Zhou Zhihua had been fighting for a long time. Even though Zhou Zhihua had been conferred the title of King, there was still a long way to go. Even though he was the Crown Prince now, he knew very well that this competition had not ended. Unless he could step into the Divine Sea Realm in the future and his father abdicated, his position as the Crown Prince would be threatened by King Yan!
Now, one could imagine the pressure that Luo Zheng brought to Zhou Ning.
While they were talking, the battle had already begun.
Yun Longtao had put away all his contempt. Layers of Space Armor condensed. At the same time, the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand constantly twisted the space. It was as if there were countless water ripples flowing slowly in the space. Under the sunlight, they shone with colorful lights.
Then, Yun Longtao took a step forward. A string of figures appeared in the sky. Then, he appeared strangely beside Luo Zheng.
＝＝＝＝＝