This was the tyrannical aspect of the Space Laws. From beginning to end, Yun Longtao had only used two simple moves.
Shuttling through space, attacking with his sword, shuttling through space, attacking with his sword …
These simple moves were impossible to guard against. He had easily defeated the geniuses of the Divine Kingdom's first step, even cutting off their arms!
However, it was not easy to cultivate the Space Laws. The vast majority of people did not have any comprehension of the Space Laws, let alone cultivate and apply them. Therefore, the moment Yun Longtao comprehended the third level of the Space Laws, his strength had already far surpassed his peers.
The moment Yun Longtao shuttled through space, he suddenly discovered that Luo Zheng's figure had also flickered, instantly disappearing in front of him. At the same time, he felt a familiar power of the Space Laws!
"This guy is also proficient in the Space Laws!"
Yun Longtao was shocked. The Space Slashing Sword in his hand was startled. He hurriedly slashed behind him, but this slash hit nothing but air.
Luo Zheng was standing not too far away, looking at him indifferently, a trace of ridicule on his face!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Yun Longtao felt blood rush to his face. Since when did a cultivator of the same level dare to mock him!? Not to mention, this guy was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm!
"This Luo Zheng is also proficient in the Space Laws! And the number of layers isn't low, it seems to be two! "
"But Yun Longtao has already comprehended the third level of the Space Laws. I wonder who is stronger between the two of them."
"So what if it's the third level of the Space Laws? Yun Longtao hasn't completely comprehended the third level. At best, he has only comprehended 10% of the third level. The advantage isn't great. It still depends on how the two of them display their true strength! "
"If Luo Zheng doesn't use his soul to suppress Yun Longtao, I think his chances of winning are slim …"
Seeing Luo Zheng easily use the Space Laws, many of the Divine rank geniuses sighed. In their opinion, this guy was too lucky. Not only was his soul powerful, but even the Law he cultivated was the most powerful Space Laws!
"It looks like I should be more serious." Yun Longtao finally put away all his contempt and tightened his grip on the Space Slashing Sword.
"Are you still not serious enough?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Yun Longtao clenched his teeth. "Die!"
After saying that, he took another step forward, but his figure suddenly disappeared.
"Hmm?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He couldn't sense any of Yun Longtao's aura. This guy had completely disappeared from this world!
It should be the ability of the third level of the Law of Space. He didn't disappear, but was hiding in the void!
After comprehending the first level of the Space Laws, one would be able to cross short distances in space. Of course, this was only a superficial feeling. In truth, a martial artist was using the Space Laws to connect two space nodes together. From one space node, one could step out from another space node.
After comprehending the second level of the law of space, one could float outside of space. However, even Luo Zheng could only float outside of space for a short period of time. He was like a stone thrown into the sky. In the end, he couldn't escape the gravitational pull and fell back to his original place.
However, after cultivating the first and second level of the Law of Space, one could develop many other methods, such as condensing the "Space Armor" and the "Space Slashing Sword".
Luo Zheng didn't have the opportunity to comprehend the third level of the Law of Space. The obelisk in the True Dragon World only recorded the first level of the Law of Space, and Luo Zheng in the Sin Tower only cultivated the second level of the Law of Space. Therefore, Luo Zheng guessed that Yun Longtao could hide in the void by relying on the third level of the Law of Space!
A trace of vigilance appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Even Luo Zheng had to admit that Yun Longtao's strength was extraordinary. An ordinary late stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist was simply no match for him.
If Yun Longtao hid in the void and launched a sneak attack, Luo Zheng wouldn't have a good way to deal with him. He could only let Yun Longtao attack …
"Hu …"
Just as Luo Zheng was on high alert, he suddenly felt a familiar fluctuation of the Law of Space beside him.
"It's coming!" Luo Zheng was startled. His figure suddenly twisted, and once again shuttled through space, leaving his original place.
After Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao had put some distance between them, the two looked at each other again. Yun Longtao's face had a cruel smile, and a few drops of red blood slowly flowed down from the transparent Space Slashing Sword.
"Your body is very unique! This sword should have cut open your neck! " Yun Longtao looked at Luo Zheng with a strange expression, then shook his head and grinned carelessly. He even stuck out his tongue and licked the blood on the Space Slashing Sword clean. "But it's still a bit slow. Next time, I'll be faster."
A thin line of blood appeared on Luo Zheng's neck. The Space Slashing Sword could shatter a Divine Tool, so his current high-grade Immortal Tool body naturally couldn't withstand it. However, if it were another person, their head would have been separated from their body.
Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent, but he replied, "There won't be a next time. Even if you hide in the void, I can see through it."
"Is that so?" Yun Longtao didn't believe Luo Zheng's words, and once again disappeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The void and the entire world were separated. Generally speaking, the world inside the spatial crack was the void. It was like the reverse side of a mirror, the reverse side of the world. It was empty, and nothing existed!
This was not a concealment technique, and it was impossible for him to emit any aura for Luo Zheng to detect. Therefore, Luo Zheng couldn't see through it!
"Sure enough, it's not easy to deal with Yun Longtao!"
"Yun Longtao is the pride of our Yu the Great Divine Kingdom! He's invincible in the False Tribulation Realm! There's no way to deal with this method! "
"I'm afraid Luo Tianxing will die in Yun Longtao's hands. Since Battle Emperor Yu the Great has already hinted, why would he let Luo Tianxing live?"
Many warriors of the Profound Jade Martial House watched the battle in the sky nervously.
After the previous incident, many warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom understood that Luo Zheng probably came from the Northern Heaven Region, and wasn't a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
However, Luo Zheng was, after all, representing the Black Iron Divine Nation and the Black Jade Martial House in this battle. This point was personally stated by the Black Iron Divine Nation's Ruler, Zhou Huang. They would not treat Luo Zheng as an outsider.
"Come on, Luo Tianxing!"
"Be careful of his assassination. Move quickly, he may not be able to catch up with you!"
The warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom were also cheering for Luo Zheng.
Just after Yun Longtao entered the void, Luo Zheng raised the long sword in his hand. His eyes flickered slightly, and then there was an emerald light flowing within. It was the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils!
The Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils allowed Luo Zheng to see through most of the illusions, and it also allowed him to detect the slightest changes.
Moving in the void and assassinating, this method was indeed troublesome for Luo Zheng, but it wasn't like he didn't have a way to break it!
When the emerald light appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes, the whole world seemed to be plated with a layer of green. Even if one walked on the reverse side of the world, it was impossible not to leave behind any clues.
Under the flickering of the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, Luo Zheng saw a small black line constantly spreading in the void. It was the trace left behind by walking in the void.
This black line couldn't be seen with the naked eye, and it couldn't be detected with the soul perception. However, under the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupils, it couldn't hide.
Of course, Luo Zheng wasn't a fool. Naturally, he wouldn't stare at the black line. His eyes were still sweeping around, but the corner of his eyes firmly locked on the black line.
Perhaps this Yun Longtao was really wary of Luo Zheng. He was actually very careful. After circling around Luo Zheng, he wanted to catch Luo Zheng off guard. He was actually slowly approaching Luo Zheng from the front!
As the black line got closer and closer, Luo Zheng still revealed a hesitant expression. The moment the black line got closer, Luo Zheng suddenly faced the front, revealing a sweet smile, and then suddenly stabbed out with his long sword!
The timing of his sword stabbing out was just right, and it just happened to collide with the Sky Slashing Sword!
Moreover, since Yun Longtao came out of the void, there would inevitably be a spatial crack that could allow one person to pass through. When Luo Zheng struck out with his sword, his body rushed forward. Not only did he repel Yun Longtao, he also followed closely behind and entered the spatial crack.