With Luo Zheng's understanding of space, he couldn't escape into the void.
Even if he could see through Yun Longtao's path in the void, he could only dodge in advance. As long as Yun Longtao stayed in the void and attacked Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to Yun Longtao.
Therefore, the moment Yun Longtao attacked, Luo Zheng directly used his sword to push Yun Longtao back into the void. At the same time, he squeezed into the space crack!
This was also because Yun Longtao was too careless. He never thought that Luo Zheng could see through his position. Yun Longtao originally thought that this attack would be enough to cut Luo Zheng in two. If he was more cautious and didn't open too big of a space crack, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him.
After the two disappeared into thin air, the barrier in the sky was empty. The geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms looked at each other and started to stare blankly at the sky.
Only the Divine Sea Realm experts and some Life and Death Realm experts stared at the sky without blinking.
If one wanted to see through the void, they naturally had to use their own magical powers. For example, Zhou Huang's eyes were shining with a golden luster. Through the golden luster, his gaze seemed to be able to see through everything in the world.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's eyes were faintly flickering with a black light.
Some Divine Sea Realm experts even took out some magical treasures. For example, one Divine Sea Realm expert placed an almost transparent crystal in front of his eyes. Only then could he observe the battle in the void.
In the void, Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao were fighting fiercely.
After a short moment of surprise, Yun Longtao quickly calmed down. The Sky Slashing Sword in his hand was as sharp as a poisonous snake. It slashed at Luo Zheng again and again.
If it were an ordinary sacred weapon, it naturally wouldn't be able to withstand the slashes of the Sky Slashing Sword. However, the Sky Slashing Sword couldn't shatter a high-grade sacred weapon.
As the two of them exchanged blows, Yun Longtao's disadvantage became apparent.
The martial skills that Yun Longtao cultivated were relatively simple. Of course, it didn't mean that simple martial skills were inferior. His sword moves pursued speed, ruthlessness, and accuracy! He strived to achieve the best results with the most powerful sword moves in the shortest amount of time.
From this point of view, it was somewhat similar to the path of minimalism pursued by Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's "Formless" was the best way to restrain this type of sword technique.
There were only two ways to break Luo Zheng's move. The first was to win with pure strength, completely ignoring Luo Zheng's moves and directly suppressing Luo Zheng.
The second was to comprehend an even more exquisite move to deal with it. Martial artists with such martial skills might exist, but it was absolutely impossible for them to be born in the lower realms. Without a doubt, Yun Longtao was not one of them.
"My swordsmanship is at a complete disadvantage!"
Yun Longtao gritted his teeth, and the Sky Slashing Sword in his hand became even sharper. What kind of person was he?
Even if he didn't come from a noble background, relying on his own diligence and talent to achieve his current status step by step, becoming a prominent martial artist in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and firmly standing at the top of the first step of the younger generation, it was impossible for him to give up so easily!
However, Yun Longtao couldn't figure out why the set of swordsmanship he cultivated was a secret inheritance of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. It was a wonderful swordsmanship passed down from the upper realms. Why was it so easily broken by Luo Zheng and suppressed by him?
He felt that Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was like a hoop spell, tightly binding his every move. No matter how he struggled, he couldn't use his full strength!
In fact, from the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was very simple. Every time the Sky Slashing Sword stabbed out, he would lift his long sword, and the floating sword would casually block Yun Longtao's attack. Sword after sword, Luo Zheng's state of mind became more and more calm, and his sword attacks became more and more casual.
On the other hand, Yun Longtao became more and more impatient.
"Break for me! Sky Slashing Sword, Chaotic Void Slash! "
Yun Longtao clenched his teeth, and a dark red color flashed in his eyes. The Sky Slashing Sword in his hand suddenly transformed into thousands of sword shadows that chaotically flew out.
Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face, and the long sword seemed like a weak and powerless woman waving it.
"Ding!"
After comprehending the Formless Sword, Luo Zheng could almost see through most of the swordsmanship at a glance. Yun Longtao exerted the Sky Slashing Sword to the extreme, but Luo Zheng could still see through it in an instant!
The moment the weak and powerless sword blocked the Sky Slashing Sword, Luo Zheng smiled at Yun Longtao. Yun Longtao was stunned for a moment, and then he felt a huge and irresistible power pouring out from Luo Zheng's long sword!
The surging power gushed out in an instant, and Yun Longtao almost couldn't hold the long sword in his hand. If not for the fact that the Sky Slashing Sword was condensed by the Law of Space and was an existence that was one with him, it would have flown out of his hand.
Even so, Yun Longtao's sword-wielding hand was blocked by Luo Zheng's long sword, and the door in front of him was wide open!
Luo Zheng heard it from the front, and his fist directly smashed towards Yun Longtao!
"Bang!"
The first punch smashed into the Space Armor on Yun Longtao's chest. The power of this punch wasn't enough to break through space, and Yun Longtao was safe and sound. He only borrowed Luo Zheng's huge force to fly backwards.
The power wasn't enough …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and his figure flashed as he chased after the constantly retreating Yun Longtao.
Under this pursuit, Yun Longtao's Sky Slashing Sword attacked back, but Luo Zheng didn't care at all. His long sword suddenly swung out, and the Sky Slashing Sword was knocked away again.
"Bang!"
Immediately after, a second punch smashed into the Space Armor. Luo Zheng opened the power of 300 dragon scales in this punch, and tiny cracks began to appear on the Space Armor, like fine spiderwebs.
"What a formidable strength. Not only is this fellow's sword skill incomparably exquisite, but he also possesses such strength. Is he a monster?"
It had been a long time since anyone had given him such a feeling. Among the younger generation, besides the royal family of the four Divine Kingdoms, only the little monster of the Nine Cauldron Martial House was worthy of his attention.
But now, in Yun Longtao's eyes, Luo Zheng seemed to be even more terrifying and formidable than the little monster of the Nine Cauldron Martial House.
That little monster was indeed formidable, but he had serious shortcomings. But this Luo Zheng … not only did he have a formidable soul, but he also cultivated exquisite sword skills. What was even more frightening was his strength. If it weren't for the fact that he condensed the Space Armor into an abnormally sturdy armor, a single punch from him would have been enough to cripple him.
I'm not his match …
As proud as he was, he had no choice but to lower his head and come to such an answer.
Beside the West Dragon River, the wind was howling. An ordinary person would find it difficult to even walk. If they were careless, they would be swept away by the wind and sent into the West Dragon River to die.
The warriors present were at least in the False Tribulation Realm. No matter how the wind blew, they stood still, quietly waiting for the outcome of the battle between Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao.
Those Divine Sea Realm warriors looked at the void, knowing the outcome of the battle. But the warriors in the square below didn't know.
"Who has the upper hand? I wonder if Luo Tianxing can do it!"
"I believe he can win …"
"I believe so too!"
The warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom could only pin their hopes on Luo Zheng.
Hearing the words of the warriors of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom laughed.
"Haha, these guys of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom are too naive! Senior Brother Yun Tao, who has comprehended the third level of the Space Law, is almost invincible. Win? How can Luo Tianxing win? "
"It's unreasonable for a Mid False Tribulation Realm warrior to win against a Late False Tribulation Realm warrior. What's more, Senior Brother Yun Tao has the strength to fight against a Life and Death Realm warrior. They are dreaming!"
"Let them dream. But the reality is always cruel. When they wake up, they will cry."
The warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were very calm. After all, they knew how terrifying Yun Longtao was.
At this moment, everyone suddenly felt an energy fluctuation in the sky. This fluctuation was so obvious that almost everyone felt it at once.
"He's out!"
Everyone saw a strange crack appear in the sky, and then a figure stumbled out of it!
"It seems that the battle is over. I said that Luo Tianxing is not Senior Brother Yun Tao, right …" A warrior of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was only halfway through his words when he saw the sorry figure. It was Yun Longtao!
"Senior Brother Yun Tao is actually at a disadvantage!" The warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom were shocked.
A warrior with sharp eyes shook his head and said, "No, not only is he at a disadvantage, he is being suppressed by Luo Tianxing."