Just like that cultivator said, when Yun Longtao escaped from the void, Luo Zheng's figure also floated over.
Yun Longtao's counterattack was still futile and powerless, and Luo Zheng still used "Formless" to easily parry the Sky Slashing Sword.
With a crisp sound, Luo Zheng punched out again.
"Ding!"
"Peng!"
These two moves suppressed Yun Longtao to the point that he had no chance to fight back.
With this punch, the space armor on Yun Longtao's chest had already reached its limit. It was covered in broken lines, as if it would collapse at any moment.
"Again!"
Yun Longtao's temperament was that of someone who would never admit defeat. He could take his life, but he would never give up resisting and admit defeat.
"Ding!"
"Peng!"
In a situation where both sides were equal in strength, the cultivator with the strongest willpower would often win.
Unfortunately, when the gap in strength was too large, willpower seemed to be stretched thin.
"Kuang dang …"
Under this punch, the sound of glass shattering could be heard. Yun Longtao's space armor could no longer withstand and shattered. Luo Zheng's punch directly hit Yun Longtao's chest.
A huge force passed through Luo Zheng's fist and hit Yun Longtao's chest. Like a falling meteor, Yun Longtao smashed downwards!
The two of them had just fought in the void and had already left the barrier. Without the barrier's obstruction, Yun Longtao directly smashed into the square. The cultivators below quickly dodged, and Yun Longtao's figure directly smashed a large hole in the ground.
Under the blowing of the strong wind, the rising smoke was like a wild wave of smoke. In an instant, it was blown away and dissipated into thin air.
Yun Longtao lay motionless in the large hole, and it was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
All the Divine Rank geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms stared blankly at Yun Longtao. Just how mighty was Yun Longtao before?
He had consecutively killed several Divine Rank geniuses of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Star Field Divine Kingdom. Moreover, the words he said made many cultivators feel ashamed. His talent was extremely high, but he thought that he was not worth mentioning. Such a character would definitely grow to a level that they could not look up to in the future.
He was invincible in the False Tribulation Realm. Many Divine Rank geniuses had already silently acknowledged this fact.
But now, Luo Zheng had smashed his space armor to pieces. Yun Longtao lay in the large hole like a dead pig. It had to be said that this was a crushing defeat.
"Good, very good, very good!" Zhou Huang suddenly said these words, a faint smile appearing on his face.
Under Yun Longtao's suppression, the Black Iron Divine Nation could be said to be dejected. Although the Black Iron Divine Nation did not have the upper hand in the past, the geniuses of the Divine Nation were still able to compete with other geniuses. They had never been so miserable.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had stepped forward and saved the Divine Kingdom's face! Regardless of whether Luo Zheng was from Black Iron Divine Kingdom or not, at least he had passed the Black Jade Martial House's assessment and represented Black Iron Divine Kingdom in this battle! This victory had really come at the right time!
Prince Yan was also beaming with joy. He did not need to say much now. His father had always been fair. By relying on Luo Zheng, Prince Yan's status in his father's heart would rise significantly!
However, while there were happy people, there were also unhappy people.
Bai Yuerong's figure flashed gently, turning into a green light that swept across the square and flew into the large hole. Then, she took out a jade-white pill from her small pouch and stuffed it into Yun Longtao's mouth.
"Holy Maiden, is Longtao alright?" Battle Emperor Yu the Great asked with a gloomy face. The life of a False Tribulation Realm warrior was not worthy of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's personal concern. However, as the Monarch, he had to ask in front of everyone.
"His internal organs were shattered. It's nothing serious." Bai Yuerong shook her head and said. Then, she stared coldly at Luo Zheng in the sky and said, "Little monster, fight on my behalf! Kill him! "
Bai Yuerong's status was extraordinary. She was also qualified to choose a warrior to fight on her behalf.
Hearing Bai Yuerong's words, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Who was the Little Monster?
At this time, a sharp voice sounded, "According to the rules, Yu the Great's Divine Kingdom cannot send anyone to fight in this round!"
This round, it was Star Field Divine Kingdom and Sky Wind Divine Kingdom's turn to send a warrior to fight. However, Bai Yuerong was furious and did not think so much.
Under the sharp voice's reminder, Bai Yuerong gritted her teeth and said, "Then let's wait for the next round!"
Luo Zheng did not know who the Little Monster was, but the others knew.
In particular, King Yan's expression changed slightly. He did not expect Bai Yuerong to send the Little Monster to fight in her anger. Could Luo Zheng withstand it?
On the square, there was a thin and small warrior lying on the ground, snoring loudly.
From the beginning to the end, this warrior had not watched the battle in the sky. It was as if everything that happened around him had nothing to do with him.
However, after Bai Yuerong spoke, this thin and weak martial artist suddenly woke up. When he opened his eyes, he discovered that there was no white in his eyes. The eyeballs under his eyelids were pitch black, like black holes. It was a very strange sight!
This person was the Little Monster that Bai Yuerong had mentioned.
"Hehehe, Bai Yuerong, you want me to fight on your behalf?" The Little Monster's body was very strange. It was unknown how he moved his feet, but he came to Bai Yuerong's side in an instant.
It was a big taboo to call her name in front of so many people!
Bai Yuerong was the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect. Although she came from the Da Yu Kingdom, her influence spread across the entire continent!
After all, religions had no borders. Using the power of the Upper Realm, the Esoteric Sect had many followers in the four Holy Kingdoms. This was also the reason why Bai Yuerong's status was so high even though she was not strong.
Even the Battle Emperor Da Yu would not call her by her name. He had to call her Saintess. However, the Little Monster did not avoid this taboo.
Bai Yuerong glared at the Little Monster. If she had a choice, she would not want this guy to fight!
There were many Martial Houses in the four Holy Kingdoms. The number one Martial House in the Holy Kingdoms was the publicly recognized Nine Cauldrons Martial House!
The Little Monster was the strongest person in the Nine Cauldrons Martial House.
Even with Yun Longtao's pride, he did not dare to challenge the Little Monster.
Not only was the Little Monster powerful, but his character was also extremely bad. Not only did he like to kill the innocent, but he also indulged in debauchery. What was worse was that the women he had intercourse with were often tortured to death by him. Over the years, the number of beautiful women who had died in the Little Monster's hands was probably more than a thousand!
More than once, the Little Monster had designs on Bai Yuerong!
He was not lusting after Bai Yuerong's beauty. He was simply interested in her identity as the Saintess.
If it was any other warrior who dared to show any lust for Bai Yuerong, they would die without a burial place. How could the Saintess of the Secret Sect be blasphemed by others?
However, the Little Monster was an exception. He once said publicly that if he had the chance, he would definitely take Bai Yuerong into his harem. Then … Bai Yuerong was furious when she heard those words. However, Bai Yuerong could not do anything to him.
The Nine Cauldrons Martial House was already the number one Martial House in the Holy Kingdoms Continent. It was close to the rank of a seventh rank force. The Little Monster was too important to the Nine Cauldrons Martial House.
However, the Little Monster was important not because of his strength.
He was only at the Late Stage of the False Tribulation Realm. So what if he was powerful? He was no match for a Divine Sea Realm warrior.
The Nine Cauldrons Martial House did not lack Life and Death Realm warriors and Divine Sea Realm warriors. However, they could not do without the Little Monster. This was because the Little Monster was the reason why the Great Yu Kingdom was so prosperous in the past 30 years. The younger generation of warriors grew so quickly.
The Little Monster had a very special talent.
Any warrior who fought with the Little Monster could easily enter a state of epiphany!
For example, if a Divine Sea Realm warrior was stuck in a bottleneck, he could easily break through after fighting with the Little Monster.
The Little Monster's talent was not only effective for False Tribulation Realm warriors, but also for Life and Death Realm warriors and Divine Sea Realm warriors!
However, relatively speaking, the stronger one was, the weaker the effect. When one reached the realm of Battle Emperor Yu the Great, the effect would be negligible.
Regardless, this ability was a fatal attraction to almost all warriors. Even if the Little Monster's character was so bad, the Nine Cauldrons Martial House still treated him like a grandfather!
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors in the four Holy Kingdoms also planned to cultivate the Little Monster. The Little Monster was only at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. His talent had little effect on Divine Sea Realm warriors. What if he was cultivated to the Divine Sea Realm?
＝＝＝＝＝