Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, and the Heavenly Wind Emperor all wanted to improve themselves and reach a higher level of cultivation. Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, and the Heavenly Wind Emperor all wanted to …
Due to the limited resources in the Lower World, most Divine Sea Realm warriors could not cross that hurdle.
This little monster had such a special talent, so he naturally attracted everyone's attention. He was a national treasure to the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and even the four Divine Kingdoms.
Because of this, the little monster was unscrupulous and no one dared to find trouble with him.
Back in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, the little monster had taken a fancy to a courtesan and fought with a talented Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. In a fit of anger, the little monster killed the Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom.
The Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was even more powerful than Liu Hongwen, second only to the Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom. Even though the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was furious, he did not pursue the little monster's responsibility.
Bai Yuerong thought for a while and looked at Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air. She bit her lips and replied, "Yes, I want you to fight on my behalf!"
"Sure!" The corner of the little monster's mouth cracked open. Coupled with his strange black eyes, he did not look like a human, but a humanoid monster. He rubbed his hands together, then moved closer to Bai Yuerong and sniffed her. Then, he smiled and said, "I want a reward!"
A bad premonition arose in Bai Yuerong's heart. She was afraid that this little monster was going to spout some nonsense again.
"What reward do you want?" Bai Yuerong asked in a deep voice.
The little monster continued rubbing his hands and sent a message to Bai Yuerong using Zhen Yuan. No one else could hear it.
Bai Yuerong's face flushed red. She scolded angrily, "Do you want to die, little monster?"
In fact, Bai Yuerong knew that he would make such an unbearable request. Fortunately, this little monster knew some taboos and used true essence sound transmission to communicate with her. If others were to hear this, it would have a great impact on the Esoteric Religion.
His request was simple. He wanted her to sleep with him once.
How could Bai Yuerong agree to such a request?
Seeing that Bai Yuerong was really angry, the little monster restrained himself. "Since you don't agree to this request, then forget it. But the next time the Reverse Spirit Channel opens, if there are any good things released from the Upper World, will you let me choose first?"
This was the power of Esoteric Teachings.
This was the reason why the four Divine Kingdoms supported the Esoteric Sect so much that even the King had to be courteous to Bai Yuerong.
Only the Esoteric Sect could establish a connection with the Upper Realm's Human Clan. Every few years, the Upper Realm would use the Reverse Spirit Channel to distribute some treasures from the Upper Realm. However, these things were not distributed for nothing. The Upper Realm's Esoteric Sect still hoped that the Four Great Divine Nations would completely take over the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea and take out the most important things.
Generally speaking, after the heaven-defying passageway opened, the first to choose would naturally be the rulers of the four Divine Kingdoms. However, these items were also distributed by Bai Yuerong.
Although the little monster's request was excessive, Bai Yuerong could still accept it reluctantly. After all, the reverse spirit channel passed down not only treasures, but also many pellets for cultivation. Many mighty warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm were eagerly waiting for the little monster to enter the Spirit Sea Realm.
After a slight hesitation, she bit her lip and nodded. "Sure!"
"Alright, I'll help you kill him later!" After speaking, the little monster didn't look at the surrounding people. It didn't even look at Luo Zheng in the sky. It found an empty space again, turned over, and fell into a deep sleep.
After hearing the little monster's words, Bai Yuerong looked at Luo Zheng in the sky. Her thin lips curled up, revealing a cold smile. "Luo Zheng, oh Luo Zheng, I said I would kill you. Even after three years, you still can't escape."
Luo Zheng stood in the sky. At this moment, no warrior came up to challenge him, so he could clearly see the scene in the square.
This little monster was actually so arrogant. Luo Zheng's expression was calm, but his heart was vigilant.
No one who had cultivated to the False Tribulation Realm was a fool. Most of the arrogant people did it because they had real ability and strength. Looking at Bai Yuerong's cold smile, she seemed to be very confident in this little monster. Naturally, Luo Zheng became vigilant towards this little monster.
After defeating Yun Longtao, it was time for the Star Field Divine Nation and the Sky Wind Divine Nation to send out their warriors.
The Sky Wind Divine Nation didn't send out any warriors from the beginning. As for the Star Field Divine Nation, no one spoke either.
"No one wants to challenge me?" Luo Zheng quietly floated in the air. He was also puzzled. "How will the next battle proceed?"
In the four Divine Kingdoms, there were only a total of twenty to thirty first-tier martial artists.
Yun Longtao was already a peak existence among these twenty to thirty people. Previously, Zhao Tianji, Xiao Daoyuan, Zhan Yun, and the others were all pale. It was clear how powerful Yun Longtao was.
Such a powerful person had been easily defeated by Luo Zheng. Among the many Martial Houses present, no one was willing to face Luo Zheng. The difference in strength was too great.
Of course, this wasn't because no one from the younger generation of the four Divine Nations dared to step forward. Many Divine Nation Princes and Crown Princes were monstrous geniuses among monstrous geniuses. They either inherited some innate bloodline, cultivated some strange cultivation method, or had some precious treasure or secret technique.
However, how could a member of the imperial family casually step forward?
"Who else wants to challenge my Black Iron Divine Nation's Luo Zheng?" At this time, it was Zhou Huang's turn to speak. His face was filled with pride.
At this time, the Sky Wind War Emperor, who had been silent from beginning to end, opened his mouth. "Yun 'er, if you can't bear it, go and exchange some pointers with Luo Tianxing. Don't go too far!"
Following which, a feminine female voice rang out. "Yes, Father!"
Soon, a woman with long hair like a waterfall walked out from behind the Sky Wind War Emperor.
This woman's hair was really long. Half of her long hair hung down to her ankles. Moreover, her hair was braided. Otherwise, it would have dragged on the ground.
"It's the little princess of the Sky Wind Divine Nation! A member of the imperial family actually stepped forward! "
"It's been many years since a member of the imperial family stepped forward to battle …"
"Generally speaking, the imperial family doesn't step forward to battle, right?"
In a situation where no one was willing to step forward, the princess of the Sky Wind Divine Nation actually stepped forward. This was far beyond everyone's expectations.
The Sky Wind Divine Nation was the world of the Huo Family. As for this little princess named Yun 'er, she had a great background!
It was said that Huo Yun 'er was the most talented cultivator in the Sky Wind Divine Nation's imperial family. It was also because of Huo Yun' er that the Crown Prince of the Sky Wind Divine Nation was crippled.
A country of cultivators had always respected strength. Although Huo Yun 'er was a woman, if her strength matured and she reached the Divine Sea Realm in the future, she would be able to take over the Sky Wind War Emperor's position and become an empress.
However, in the history of the Divine Nation Continent, there had never been a woman who had ascended to the throne. Everyone was optimistic about Huo Yun 'er. She had a high chance of breaking the record and becoming the first empress of the Divine Nation Continent.
Huo Yun 'er looked very weak, so weak that she could not even stand up to a gust of wind. Her demeanor was also quite charming. Her figure gently turned and circles of fire lotuses appeared under her feet. She stepped on these fire lotuses and slowly floated over.
When she entered the barrier, she smiled sweetly and a faint flame circulated between her eyebrows. "My name is Huo Yun 'er!"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Since the princess of the Divine Nation Continent had such etiquette, Luo Zheng naturally would not slight her. "This one is Luo Tianxing."
"Imperial Father said that if the imperial family were to take action, it would be a loss of the imperial family's dignity. However, I think that Imperial Father was able to lead the Divine Nation not because of his dignity or anything else, but because of my Huo family's strength, my Imperial Father's strength … If our strength isn't enough, where would our dignity come from?"
Her voice was soft and gentle. It was like a sweet spring water that made people feel very comfortable.
"This one agrees wholeheartedly," Luo Zheng said with a nod.
All fame was backed by strength. Without this, it would be like duckweed without roots, water without a source. It would be a true false reputation!
"Therefore, I want to exchange pointers with you," Huo Yun 'er said with a gentle smile.
"This one is deeply honored to be able to exchange blows with the princess of the Divine Nation!" Luo Zheng immediately said.