"Oh? Why is that so? "Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression.
"If you defeat me, the little monster will definitely challenge you. He is a madman, a real madman. He will kill you," Huo Yuner said with a face full of worry.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled. Looking at Huo Yuner's expression, it didn't seem like she was faking it. She was really worried about him. She was indeed a kind-hearted little princess, kind-hearted and quite pure.
Only under the protection of the imperial family could she be nurtured to such a level of strength and such a pure martial artist … …
Luo Zheng didn't want to brush off her good intentions. He only said, "Thank you for your reminder, Princess of Scandinavia. I, Luo Tianxing, know what to do!"
Huo Yuner blinked, her pair of beautiful eyes full of charm. She also understood that Luo Zheng probably wouldn't listen to other people's advice. She nodded and then said, "Okay, I'm going to make my move. You be careful!"
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng was speechless again. She even reminded him to be careful. This little girl was really too well-behaved.
However, although Huo Yuner was modest and well-behaved, when she made her move, Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed.
He saw her raise a jade hand, and then he saw that she was wearing a red jade bracelet on her wrist. From this bracelet, a kind of power that made Luo Zheng's heart palpitate was transmitted!
"This, what level of treasure is this?" Luo Zheng opened his eyes wide, staring at the fiery red bracelet.
Probably because she saw Luo Zheng's gaze, she didn't expect that the attack she was preparing to attack would suddenly stop. Then she pretended to be serious and said to Luo Zheng, "This is a jade bracelet. It was given to me by my father."
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng almost fell down … …
Many martial artists in the square also almost fell to the ground one by one.
Wasn't this Huo Yuner too outrageous? She hadn't even started her attack, but she still stopped to tell him the origin of the bracelet.
"I didn't say anything. This little princess is too cute!"
"Sigh, she's the princess of Scandinavia. You can only think about how cute she is in your heart."
"Humph, don't underestimate me, Huo Yuner. Even if she tells you all of her weaknesses, you are still not her opponent. Although she is innocent, her strength is very formidable!"
Even the Tianfeng War Emperor had an awkward expression on his face.
However, Zhou Huang comforted him, "Old Huo, your daughter is not bad. She's quite cute."
Many of the martial artists in the square were still discussing Huo Yuner's outrageous actions, but Huo Yuner's next words caused them to fall silent.
"I like this bracelet very much. It's a semi-divine tool," Huo Yuner said as she gently stroked the bracelet.
Demigod Artifact …
Even Luo Zheng was shocked when he heard this.
Above Spirit Artifacts were Immortal Artifacts, above Immortal Artifacts were Saint Artifacts, and above Saint Artifacts were Divine Artifacts!
Luo Zheng now had a high-grade sacred tool, which was the long sword in his hand. But what was a divine tool like? He had never seen one before.
Previously, Luo Zheng had guessed that there might be divine tools in the Divine Kingdom Continent.
Now, it seemed that his guess had become reality. Demigod Artifact! Based on this, it was probably an existence that surpassed high-grade sacred tools. It should be infinitely close to becoming a divine tool.
In the square, all the martial artists stared at the bracelet. They knew very well how beneficial a semi-divine tool was to a martial artist!
Most of the martial artists in the Divine Kingdom Continent knew that there were indeed divine tools on this continent. However, divine tools were the foundation of a country. They were not willing to show others and were firmly in the hands of the country's rulers.
Under normal circumstances, they would not have the chance to see them.
Now, they were fortunate enough to see a semi-divine tool. It could be considered an eye-opener.
"Luo Zheng, be careful of the bracelet in this woman's hand." At this time, a voice transmitted from Luo Zheng's body. It was Xun.
Since entering the Divine Kingdom, Luo Zheng had concealed his strength and did not let Xun out for a breath of fresh air. At this time, Xun noticed the bracelet and could not help but warn him.
"En, I understand." Even without Xun's warning, Luo Zheng would have raised his vigilance.
"Okay, this time I'm really going to make a move!" After Huo Yuner finished speaking, she once again waved her wrist that was as white as a lotus root. Under this gentle swaying, the bracelet on her wrist also swayed.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Under this swaying, little red flames immediately covered her hand. It was as if her entire arm was condensed from flames.
"The Law of Fire, at least the third level …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Then, she took another gentle step and her figure suddenly disappeared. The distance between her and Luo Zheng was shortened by several feet.
"The Law of Space? No, this is the Law of Time! This Huo Yuner cultivates two Laws! Moreover, her attainments in the Law of Time are very high, far surpassing that woman called Yue Ying! "
The way Huo Yuner moved was somewhat similar to Luo Zheng's spatial travel, but that was only a visual effect.
When Huo Yuner closed the distance between them, she froze time at a point. Under this kind of movement, Luo Zheng did not have time to react because time was under her control.
Luo Zheng was very clear that he was in some trouble. A Semi-Divine tool, two Laws …
This woman's strength was not as cute as she looked on the surface. In fact, she was terrifying to the point of making people use their Laws. At the very least, Yun Longtao, who was said to be invincible in the False Tribulation Realm, was definitely not Huo Yuner's opponent.
The moment he came to this conclusion, Luo Zheng chose to retreat.
The Law of Time was even more terrifying than the Law of Space!
Luo Zheng used the Law of Space to travel through the void and appear in front of his opponent in an instant. However, he was still able to give his opponent time to react. It was just that it was very difficult to dodge.
However, the Law of Time was different. She directly compressed the power of time. Within a certain range, time was completely controlled by Huo Yuner. Luo Zheng was unable to predict her movements …
How could he fight this?
This was the terrifying part of the Law of Time. The only way to break it was to also comprehend the Law of Time.
Almost in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng came to this conclusion.
In fact, Luo Zheng's conclusion was very correct.
Martial artists in the Upper Realm who cultivated the Law of Time were everywhere. Only the Law of Time could resist the Law of Time. Of course, the higher-level Law of Space also had a chance to resist the Law of Time. After these Law Forces were cultivated to a high level, they would undergo earth-shaking changes. There were also ways to restrain each other.
However, right now, Luo Zheng was unable to restrain himself.
The next moment, Huo Yuner's figure silently appeared beside Luo Zheng. Her jade-like hand, which was stained with raging flames, was already slapping towards Luo Zheng's head.
Because of the Law of Time, Luo Zheng had no time to react at all. However, at this moment, Huo Yuner did something that made people speechless. Her hand paused halfway and then said, "It will hurt a little to knock you out, but you won't be seriously injured!"
As soon as she said this, how could Luo Zheng not have time to react? He took a step forward, shuttled through space, and instantly pulled away from Huo Yuner. However, he did not relax at all. His face was full of seriousness.
Just now, he could safely avoid it, but Huo Yuner controlled the Law of Time. How could he avoid it?
"He ran away?" Seeing Luo Zheng disappear in front of her in an instant, Huo Yuner's face showed disappointment. She was thinking that she had kindly warned Luo Zheng, but he actually took advantage of her warning to escape. He was a little cunning …
Huo Yuner did not know that it was not others who were cunning, but herself who was too outrageous.
However, Huo Yuner did not care at all. She, who controlled the Law of Time, could easily seize this kind of opportunity. Luo Zheng had no power to fight back in front of her.
Immediately, she changed the flow of time again. At this moment, within a radius of hundreds of feet around her, time began to become sticky and slow. Luo Zheng also seemed to be performing slow motion, moving little by little.
Therefore, she gently floated over, and the flaming palm once again slapped towards Luo Zheng.
"I won't remind you this time," Huo Yuner thought at this moment.