As the princess of a Divine Kingdom, Huo Yuner rarely had the chance to display her strength.
The Royal Families of the four Divine Kingdoms all had their own secret cultivation grounds, which were built using the power of the Upper Realm.
Since the beginning of the Upper Realm, Huo Yuner had almost never fought with others in public. Everyone's estimation of Huo Yuner's strength was only based on her status in the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom.
Therefore, no one was clear about Huo Yuner's main cultivation method or the Law she comprehended.
Everyone knew that she was strong, but they didn't expect her to be so strong that Luo Zheng couldn't even fight back in front of her!
Although she only used seventy percent of her strength in this slap, the bracelet on her wrist shook slightly. As it began to vibrate violently, an extremely huge force erupted.
"Poof!"
Everyone heard the sound of a watermelon being smashed.
Then, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly fell down and crashed into the barrier below.
It was fortunate that the enchantment was set up by a Divine Sea Realm warrior. Under the impact, the enchantment began to twist, deform, and sink deeply. However, as the eyes of the Divine Sea Realm warrior who set up the enchantment lit up, the enchantment recovered in an instant!
If it were any other warrior, it would be difficult for them to stand up after being hit by such a light blow.
However, Luo Zheng had an Immortal Tool Body. As soon as the tremendous force poured into Luo Zheng's body, it immediately turned into Primordial Astral Winds and began to permeate Luo Zheng's body.
However, ever since he was promoted to an Immortal Tool Body, Luo Zheng's body hadn't had the chance to be refined. In a battle of this level, the strength of an Immortal Tool Body was somewhat insufficient. Therefore, even though Luo Zheng's body was constantly transformed, only 70% of the force was converted. Thirty percent of the force still caused damage to Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng could bear the remaining thirty percent of the force, which only caused him some minor injuries. With the current strength of his body, he could recover in a few breaths of time.
Huo Yuner's white-blue dress fluttered in the wind. She looked down at Luo Zheng with a worried expression on her face. She was worried in her heart. Although she had held back just now, she was still worried. Was that slap still a bit too heavy?
However, in the blink of an eye, her worries were dispelled, and a relieved smile even appeared on her face. That was because she saw Luo Zheng jump up from the barrier, and it seemed that his body was fine.
"This little girl is as kind as a saint." Luo Zheng sighed in his heart.
"Hmm? Have you taken a fancy to her? "Xun seized the opportunity to ask.
"Hehe." Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He immediately flew up and looked at Huo Yuner.
"Done!" Huo Yuner looked at Luo Zheng and suddenly said.
Luo Zheng was stunned. "What's done?"
This time, it was Huo Yuner who revealed a strange expression. She said foolishly, "Didn't we already have a winner?"
As soon as she said this, everyone revealed a strange expression. Then, the warriors of the Star Field Divine Nation, Great Yu Divine Nation, and Black Iron Divine Nation all laughed. Only the warriors of the Tianfeng Divine Nation didn't laugh. After all, she was the princess of their Divine Nation and the goddess in their hearts.
As for the Divine Sea Realm warriors, they also smiled. This child of the Huo Family was really …
The Tianfeng War Emperor revealed a helpless and bitter smile. He could only blame himself for this. Ever since he discovered Huo Yuner's talent, he had spoiled her too much. He had never let her go out alone to gain experience.
Of course, not going out alone didn't mean that Huo Yuner didn't work hard. In fact, Huo Yuner had spent all her energy on cultivation and almost abandoned all other activities. Therefore, her personality was still stuck in the state of a seven or eight-year-old girl. She was too kind and naive, and at the same time, she had terrifying strength and talent.
"We still haven't had a winner," Luo Zheng replied seriously.
Huo Yuner's expression was strange. After thinking for a while, she replied, "But, but you clearly lost just now …"
Luo Zheng smiled. Suddenly, a trace of slyness appeared on his face. He replied in the same tone, "But, but I haven't admitted defeat …"
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and suddenly understood. "Oh! In other words, I have to make you admit defeat! I understand now! "
She just didn't know much about the world, but she wasn't stupid. In her opinion, Luo Zheng did lose just now. This was just a competition. They didn't have to fight to the death. Now that she understood, she only had one thought in her mind, and that was to make Luo Zheng admit defeat.
Therefore, after she finished speaking, her blue and white dress fluttered. She leaned forward slightly and floated towards Luo Zheng like a fairy flying in the sky.
At the same time, the bracelet in her hand began to tremble, and the Law of Time spread out from her wrist.
The bracelet in her hand was not an offensive treasure. Instead, it increased her strength and True Essence to a considerable extent. The moment the Law of Time spread out, Luo Zheng reflexively prepared to retreat.
Unfortunately, the Law of Time spread out too fast. What's more, the space inside the boundary was not large. There wasn't much space for Luo Zheng to escape.
During the time when he was shrouded by the Law of Time, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became extremely slow. Although he had connected to a space node not far away through the Law of Space, before he could teleport, he was stuck by the Law of Time.
Oh … no …
Under the effect of the Law of Time, even the thoughts in Luo Zheng's mind became incomparably slow.
He saw Huo Yuner's speed suddenly magnified countless times, rapidly approaching him. However, after being shrouded by the Law of Time, Luo Zheng really didn't have much choice.
Huo Yuner approached Luo Zheng again. Her beautiful eyebrows were slightly knitted. In order to make her opponent admit defeat, she had to beat Luo Zheng into submission. This wasn't something she liked.
However, Huo Yuner also understood that she was representing the Tianfeng Divine Country. Moreover, she belonged to the imperial family of the Tianfeng Divine Country. She didn't want to lose this fight. Without a better way, she could only increase her strength again.
Ninety percent of her strength, no more …
Thinking this in her heart, she immediately patted Luo Zheng's forehead with her lily-white hand.
This pat looked incomparably gentle, as if she was gently stroking Luo Zheng's head. However, no cultivator would underestimate her strength. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's body was as tyrannical as a monster. If it were any other cultivator, their heads and necks would have been broken.
Even if Luo Zheng had an Immortal Tool Body, under this pat, he felt dizzy and saw stars.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng's body once again heavily smashed into the barrier below.
Under Huo Yuner's Law of Time, Luo Zheng's falling speed was extremely slow. Of course, this was just the visual effect of the onlookers. After Huo Yuner removed the Law of Time, Luo Zheng's speed increased dramatically, and he heavily smashed into the barrier below.
"Do you admit defeat or not?" Huo Yuner asked with a frown.
"No!" Luo Zheng wiped a trace of blood from the corner of his mouth. "No!"
"Then let's do it again!"
As soon as her voice fell, Huo Yuner instantly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Along with the vibration of the bracelet on her white wrist, her lily-white hand lightly brushed, and Luo Zheng's body crashed into the barrier above.
This time, Huo Yuner even used ten percent of her strength!
"Do you admit defeat?" Huo Yuner asked again. Her face revealed an extremely unbearable expression. It seemed that treating Luo Zheng like this made her extremely uncomfortable.
"Pu!" This time, Luo Zheng crashed to the left. This time, a trace of blood splashed out from the corner of Luo Zheng's mouth.
"Do you admit defeat?" Huo Yuner asked again.
"No." Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner indifferently and responded.
Now it was Huo Yuner's turn to be anxious. She never thought that there would be such a guy in this world. He was obviously not her opponent, but he still insisted on holding on. After thinking for a while, she suddenly opened her mouth and said, "I beg you, just admit defeat!"
Huo Yuner didn't want to kill Luo Zheng, but this guy just didn't admit defeat. For other warriors, this was a simple matter. At worst, they could just kill the opponent. In any case, it was you who didn't admit defeat no matter what.
For Huo Yuner, this was an extremely difficult problem.
＝＝＝＝＝