The Tianfeng War Emperor, who had been watching the battle closely, suddenly let out a long sigh.
"This time, it can be considered as a form of training for Yun 'er," he thought to himself.
Huo Yuner didn't have any experience in training, but that didn't mean she didn't have any battle experience. Ever since Huo Yuner stepped into the Xiantian realm, the Tianfeng War Emperor had arranged for one opponent after another to challenge her.
When Huo Yuner was able to defeat an opponent of the same level, the War Emperor would arrange for an opponent stronger than her. When Huo Yuner was at the third stage of the Xiantian realm, she could already defeat a seventh stage Xiantian realm warrior.
When Huo Yuner was at the tenth stage of the Xiantian realm, she could already defeat a seventh stage Divine Reflection realm warrior.
After that, Huo Yuner could basically defeat an opponent who was one stage higher than her.
Now, Huo Yuner had entered the late stage of the False Tribulation realm, and her opponents were at the second or even third stage of the Life and Death realm.
However, sparring of that level was limited. Huo Yuner was the princess of the Divine Nation. Even if the Tianfeng War Emperor ordered those warriors to go all out, who would dare to hurt her?
After all, this kind of experience was not a life and death experience. Facing Luo Tianxing now could be considered as a big test for Huo Yuner. He hoped that his precious daughter could make the right choice and not embarrass him too much.
Hearing Huo Yuner beg him to admit defeat, Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. However, after laughing, he still replied, "Even if you beg me, I won't admit defeat!"
This time, Huo Yuner was truly at her wit's end. She looked left and right, trying to find some help. However, when her gaze landed on the Tianfeng War Emperor, he closed his eyes. As a father, he didn't want to give his daughter any hints at this moment.
Of course, even if the Tianfeng War Emperor didn't give any hints, the other warriors would come up with suggestions.
When the warriors of the Tianfeng Divine Nation saw the expression on the princess's face, they immediately began to shout.
"Princess, just kill him. This brat doesn't know what's good for him. Princess, you showed mercy, but he still wants to torture you!"
Kill him? Huo Yuner bit her lips and quickly gave up on this idea. Ever since she could remember, she hadn't even killed an ant.
After becoming a Xiantian lifeform, she was able to sense all things in the world. When she walked on the grass, she would maintain a light and graceful posture, for fear of damaging the grass. If there were ants, locusts, and other creatures on the road, she would also carefully avoid them!
Do you expect Huo Yun 'er to kill people? Even if he killed her, it would be difficult for her to do so.
In the end, her mental strength was still too weak. In her anxiety, her eyes turned red, and crystal clear teardrops swayed in her eyes.
Seeing this scene, the hearts of many Deity geniuses in the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation broke. These Deity geniuses were all admirers of Huo Yuner, so how could they tolerate her being made to cry? For a moment, many Divine Grade geniuses hated Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng, you are no match for the princess of Tianfeng Divine Nation. Don't act like a scoundrel and obediently admit defeat!"
"As a man, you actually dare to act shamelessly. This is simply too shameful!"
"Hurry up and admit defeat. If you don't, I will definitely kill you!"
For a moment, the warriors of Tianfeng Divine Nation began to clamor.
At this moment, the little monster that had been sleeping all this time suddenly turned over and roared at the Deity geniuses of Tianfeng Divine Nation, "What are you making a ruckus for! You're disturbing my sleep! That … Tianfeng Divine Nation's Huo What? Hot beauty, if you don't want to kill him, then just knock him out. What a woman, you're still so conflicted over such a trivial matter! "
The little monster's roar had already incurred the wrath of the crowd. Although the little monster was powerful, he couldn't fight with so many Deity geniuses of Tianfeng Divine Nation. Therefore, these Deity geniuses couldn't help but mock the little monster.
However, the second half of the little monster's words immediately reminded these Deity geniuses of something.
"That's right, I didn't think of that just now. Princess, just knock Luo Tianxing out!"
"Knock him out and we'll win!"
Hearing this suggestion, Huo Yuner's eyes suddenly lit up. She might not be able to kill someone, but knocking someone out was still something she could barely do.
Therefore, she smiled faintly at Luo Zheng, "Since you won't admit defeat no matter what, then I'm sorry, but I'm going to knock you out!"
Hearing Huo Yuner's sweet and charming voice drag out a long 'oh', the minds of many Divine level geniuses were immediately shaken. A woman with such an appearance and such a voice possessed a fatal attraction to any martial artist of any age.
This time, Huo Yuner gently floated and used the Law of Time again, slowing down the flow of time.
Luo Zheng still looked like he couldn't resist at all. He stood there in a daze, watching as Huo Yuner approached him at an undetectable speed.
Thinking of knocking Luo Zheng out, Huo Yuner circled behind Luo Zheng. Her jade-like hand turned into a knife and chopped towards the back of Luo Zheng's head.
However, the moment Huo Yuner got close to Luo Zheng, a sudden change occurred!
Luo Zheng's movements, which were originally as slow as a snail, suddenly sped up. Although his speed couldn't catch up with Huo Yuner's, it was enough for Luo Zheng to protect the back of his head.
Therefore, Huo Yuner's knife hand landed on Luo Zheng's arm.
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng flew forward like a rubber ball. This time, because of the protection of Luo Zheng's arm, he wasn't injured. With a smile on his face, he shook his aching arm and returned to normal.
"Huh?"
Huo Yuner's face revealed a strange expression, "You, your movements just now, how could you be so fast …"
She had completely integrated the first layer of the Law of Time and could adjust the flow of time within a hundred feet to a ratio of 100: 1.
In other words, for every breath that passed outside, one hundredth of a breath would pass under her Law of Time.
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's speed was as slow as a snail's.
After being slowed down by 100 times, no matter how fast Luo Zheng was, how fast could he be? How could he block Huo Yuner's attack?
However, at that moment, Luo Zheng protected the back of his head with his hand, and his speed suddenly increased by 10 times!
This was equivalent to Luo Zheng forcibly increasing his speed by 10 times …
This was simply impossible!
More importantly, she felt that there were still some remnants of the Law of Time around her in the air, and these weren't released by her!
"You comprehended the Law of Time? Just now? "Huo Yuner's face was also full of astonishment.
The Battle Emperors, Battle Emperors, and many Divine Sea Realm experts were also shocked. With their eyes, how could they not see the unforeseen event just now?
Before this, Luo Zheng had been taking a beating without any strength to fight back. This didn't mean that Luo Zheng wasn't strong enough, but that the Law of Time was too strong!
After comprehending the Law of Time, the advantage of fighting with warriors of the same level was unimaginable. Luo Zheng's loss to Huo Yuner was not unjustified.
Therefore, Zhou Huang thought that even if Luo Zheng was really defeated by Huo Yuner, he would still protect Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Zhou Huang was also wondering why Luo Zheng was so stubborn. Perhaps he was afraid that if he lost, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom would abandon him and eventually fall into the hands of Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He even wanted to send a message to Luo Zheng to dispel this doubt. It was fine if he couldn't defeat Huo Yuner. After all, the Law of Time was almost invincible. It was meaningless to drag on like this.
It was fun to beat people up, but it was not fun to be beaten up. Moreover, Huo Yuner was also being tortured by Luo Zheng …
But now, Zhou Huang understood what Luo Zheng was doing. This boy had actually comprehended Huo Yuner's Law of Time during the battle!
What was even more frightening was that he seemed to have comprehended a great deal!
The Heavenly Wind Battle Emperor took a deep breath and said, "I'm sure many of you are well aware of how difficult it is to comprehend the Law of Time. I want to clarify something. Did this boy really comprehend the Law of Time during the battle?"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, as well as many Palace Masters and other Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders, all of them fell into deep contemplation.