In fact, it wasn't that these Divine Sea warriors didn't believe it, they just found it hard to accept.
The law of time in the four Divine Kingdoms was recorded on a totem. Of course, it wasn't something from the Lower Realm, it was passed down from the Upper Realm through the reverse spirit channel of the secret sect.
However, totems that recorded the Laws of Time weren't in high demand. In comparison, third and fourth level fire attribute totems, ice attribute, metal attribute, and thunder attribute totems were much more in demand!
The reason was simple, the law of time was too difficult to comprehend.
They didn't know about the situation in the Upper Realm, but there were less than a hundred warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms who could comprehend the law of time!
Just like the female warrior who followed King Yan, Yue Ying, she didn't have any great talents, but because she had comprehended 10% of the first level of the law of time, it was enough for her to become one of the top warriors in the second tier.
Huo Yuner's talent was great, but it still took her seven years to fully comprehend the first level of the law of time!
It only took her 19 years to reach the Late Void Tribulation realm, but it took her seven years just to comprehend the law of time …
Because it was hard to comprehend, and it took a long time, many warriors gave up on comprehending the law of time totems. Many warriors tried their luck in comprehending the law of time totems, but when they realized they didn't have the talent, they gave up.
The law of time was indeed powerful, but it took too much time to comprehend it. For most warriors, it was useless.
Of course, there were also those with great perseverance in the Divine Kingdom continent. There was once a Divine Reflection Realm martial artist who was a prince of the Star Field Divine Kingdom. This prince possessed god-level talent and was obsessed with comprehending the Laws of Time. After spending a total of 563 years, he finally comprehended 60% of the first level of the Time Totem!
Because he had spent too much time on the law of time, he was only an Early Divine Core warrior when he was 500 years old. In the end, he passed away because his lifespan was exhausted.
Therefore, there were only two types of people who cultivated the law of time in the Divine Kingdom. The first type was the warriors who had a strong affinity with the law of time. Even in the Divine Kingdom, where geniuses were everywhere, there were only a few of them. Among the younger generation, Huo Yuner was the only one who had such talent!
The other type was the Divine Sea warriors.
After cultivating to their level, there was nothing else they could do. They couldn't ascend to the Upper Realm, so they could only cultivate all kinds of laws, or explore the ocean …
With the long lifespan of a Divine Sea warrior, even if they didn't have a strong affinity with the law of time, they could still comprehend it bit by bit.
This was the reason why those Divine Sea warriors couldn't accept it.
Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner's battle, but in such a short period of time, Luo Zheng's speed, he could change the time flow ten times faster?
Could't he be a monster?
The Divine's's Void Tribulation warriors's a Void Tribulation realm warrior ''s was to him. He didn't even care to the's Tribulation warriors to the Void to the Void Tribulation warriors' '' ''t's a's''t't care.
't t t t't't his''s to his''t't't ''s's
"Tsk tsk, this talent is quite extraordinary. If I devour you and take your talent, I'll …" Thinking of this, the Divine's Void Tribulation suddenly stuck out his tongue and licked the tip of his nose.
Besides his eyes, the Divine's Void Tribulation also had a strange tongue. It was like a snake's tongue, forked in the middle and extremely long. The tip of his tongue could lick his nose.
In fact, the Divine's Void Tribulation had a big secret about the Divine's Void Tribulation. This secret had always been a top secret among the upper echelons of the four Divine Kingdoms!
The Divine's Void Tribulation loved to devour human brains, and after devouring them, he could take the opponent's talent as his own!
Many Divine Sea warriors knew this secret about the Divine's Void Tribulation. The stronger the Divine's Void Tribulation talent was, the more it would leak out, benefiting the warrior who sparred with it. Therefore, warriors who sparred with the Divine's Void Tribulation could easily enter a state of epiphany and make a breakthrough.
Over the years, the four Divine Kingdoms had secretly 'sacrificed' many second-tier geniuses to the Divine's Void Tribulation for the Divine's Void Tribulation to devour.
Therefore, in the Martial Houses of the four Divine Kingdoms, there would occasionally be one or two Divine rank geniuses that would 'disappear'. It was just that the Divine Kingdoms were so vast that it was hard for anyone to notice the disappearance of a Divine rank genius.
Luo Zheng had a faint smile on his face as he looked at Huo Yuner not too far away. Then, he took out his spatial ring and gently tossed it into the air. The ring flew three feet above Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng's fingers stretched out as the power of the Laws of Time gushed out.
Then, a strange scene appeared.
Bit by bit, the ring landed on his hand at an extremely slow speed.
Seeing this, Huo Yuner exclaimed, "Your talent is amazing! In such a short time, you can compress time by 10 times! In the past, it took me three years to comprehend the Laws of Time to your level! "
Luo Zheng had experienced the baptism of the Laws, so his compatibility with the Laws was the highest. Naturally, his comprehension speed was fast. Several months ago, Luo Zheng had fought with Yue Ying because he wanted to comprehend the power of the Laws of Time through her. Unfortunately, Yue Ying had comprehended too little of the Laws of Time, so Luo Zheng hadn't been able to do so.
Some time ago, Luo Zheng had inquired about where Yue Ying had cultivated the Laws of Time. Later, he learned that the Laws of Time totem was placed in the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom. Moreover, it had been kept in the Imperial Family. Luo Zheng hadn't had the chance to comprehend it.
This time, Luo Zheng saw that Huo Yuner had the complete power of the Laws of Time. How could he give up now?
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and asked, "Shall we continue?"
Huo Yuner's delicate eyebrows rose slightly. Then, she nodded and said, "But don't be so smug! You've only compressed time by ten times. I can already compress time by a hundred times. So, in terms of absolute speed, I'm still ten times faster than you! "
After she finished speaking, she gently shook the jade bracelet and the power of the Laws of Time spread out once more.
Luo Zheng naturally knew the gap between him and Huo Yuner. However, Luo Zheng didn't agree with the ten times difference in speed that she spoke of.
If the two of them didn't use the power of the Laws of Time, Luo Zheng would use his full strength. Under the eruption of Vital Essence and True Essence, using the innate talent of the Cloud Chasing Lion, Luo Zheng's speed would be two times faster than Huo Yuner's!
After offsetting the difference in the Laws of Time, Huo Yuner's absolute speed was estimated to be only five times faster than Luo Zheng's.
A five times difference should be acceptable …
"Hu hu hu …"
Huo Yuner's expression became more and more serious. Although her temperament was naive, when it came to cultivating martial arts, she had an incomparable seriousness that ordinary people couldn't compare with. After all, in the martial arts world, it was impossible to rely on talent alone. Without perseverance, persistence, enthusiasm, and seriousness, it was difficult to go far on this road no matter how talented one was.
Huo Yuner's figure floated and circled behind Luo Zheng again. Luo Zheng's speed was still very slow, but it was still much faster than before.
"Pu!"
This time, Huo Yuner slapped Luo Zheng's back heavily. Luo Zheng twisted his body and blocked Huo Yuner's blow with his elbow.
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, Luo Zheng was sent flying again. At that time, Luo Zheng was in a defensive posture and wasn't injured.
As a result, the battle inside the barrier became extremely anxious.
Huo Yuner sent out palm after palm. Although she had a big advantage in terms of speed, Luo Zheng had combat experience that Huo Yuner couldn't compare with. He could always calculate in advance and take the initiative to defend against Huo Yuner's attacks!
What was worse was that not only could Luo Zheng resist Huo Yuner's attacks, but his comprehension of the Laws of Time was also increasing rapidly!
When Luo Zheng resisted Huo Yuner's thirteen palms, he could compress the time to about eleven times. When Huo Yuner sent out twenty palms towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could compress the time to about twelve times.
Everything was difficult at the beginning. As Luo Zheng's comprehension of the first layer of the Laws of Time increased, his speed of comprehension also became faster and faster.