The Divine Sea Realm expert wasn't the only one who had noticed this. The Tianfeng War Emperor, Zhou Huang, and the other monarchs had also noticed this.
Without using the Law of Time, there was a huge gap between Huo Yuner and Luo Zheng's speed.
The key was that Huo Yuner had the advantage in speed, but she couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's body was too strong. It was simply tyrannical.
As long as he continued to resist, his understanding of the Law of Time became deeper and deeper. In the end, Huo Yuner would be the one to lose.
"Well, this is bad." Huo Yuner blinked her eyes. She also felt the change in Luo Zheng. His speed … was getting faster and faster.
Overall, there was still a four-fold difference in speed between them. However, this gap was shrinking rapidly …
Huo Yuner didn't want to lose to Luo Zheng. She really didn't want to. Therefore, after this palm strike, Huo Yuner didn't choose to attack again. Her slim and graceful figure floated in a corner of the boundary. After a while, she said to Luo Zheng, "Luo Tianxing, you should admit defeat!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng didn't know what this little girl was thinking. However, he was probably used to Huo Yuner's way of thinking.
There were all kinds of people and all kinds of personalities. Back then, Xi Youqin's personality had made Luo Zheng understand this principle.
"I'm going to use fire. I'm afraid you won't be able to resist this move. I'm afraid you'll die!" Huo Yuner said seriously.
"Fire?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Since the last time he refined his body, Luo Zheng's Primordial Chaos Dipper had been accumulating in his body. It was time for Luo Zheng to refine his body again and upgrade it to the next level.
However, all this time, Luo Zheng hadn't been able to find a suitable fire source.
What kind of fire source could upgrade Luo Zheng's body to the next level? Luo Zheng himself didn't know. However, in general, the stronger his body was, the more powerful the fire source he needed.
Luo Zheng also had a powerful fire source, which was the black flame in the mysterious furnace. However, the black flame was too overbearing, so Luo Zheng didn't dare to try it.
Huo Yuner was most likely not only proficient in the law of time, but also in the law of fire. If Luo Zheng could borrow her flames to promote his body to a sacred artefact, it would be a good thing for him.
"That's right." Huo Yuner nodded. "So you should give up. Don't force me to use that move. I can't knock you out right now, and your comprehension of the Law of Time is so fast. I'm afraid it won't be long before you completely comprehend the Law of Time. At that time, I won't be your opponent …"
She actually told Luo Zheng what she had analyzed in her heart bit by bit …
When Huo Yuner explained it like this, the False Tribulation Realm geniuses below all sighed.
These god-level geniuses were known as monstrous existences in their own territories. They were also the absolute pride of their own families!
However, compared with Luo Zheng, what was there to be proud of? This was too much of a blow to their pride. This guy comprehended the Law of Time just like that. He could no longer be described as a monstrous genius or a monster.
"I can only say that this guy is not human!" someone said angrily.
"If he's not human, then what is he?" someone asked.
"He's an animal, a beast!" It seemed that only calling Luo Zheng this way could make them feel better.
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't answer, Huo Yuner clenched her teeth slightly and said, "Give up, I beg you! I don't want to use that move. "
This was the second time Huo Yuner had begged Luo Zheng …
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with an indifferent smile, "I'm sorry, but it's really difficult for me to beg you like this. If it were anything else, I'm afraid I would agree, but if you want me to give up, forgive me for not being able to comply!"
Huo Yuner puffed up her cheeks. Her cute little action caused many of the martial artists below to look at her with pity and anger. The one they loved was naturally Huo Yuner, but the one they were angry about was Luo Zheng treating the goddess in their hearts.
Wasn't it just admitting defeat? What was the big deal?
"There's no other way," Huo Yuner sniffed and raised her right hand high.
Her arm was slender, so the fiery red jade bracelet was very flexible on her wrist. When she raised her hand, the jade bracelet slid down her wrist, all the way to her elbow, and only after it reached the upper part of her arm did it settle down.
Then, Huo Yuner's hands suddenly clasped together.
Originally, every time Huo Yuner circulated her True Essence, the jade bracelet would vibrate rapidly. However, after her arm fixed the jade bracelet, it was not the jade bracelet that was vibrating, but her body!
Huo Yuner's figure was trembling slightly. Because the speed was too fast, she gave off a blurry feeling at first glance!
As she was shaking, the jade bracelet emitted a gorgeous fiery red color!
When the Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Tianfeng Divine Nation saw this scene, they all looked at their Monarch, the Tianfeng War Emperor.
Seeing the Tianfeng War Emperor's indifferent expression, the Divine Sea Realm cultivators were filled with worry. One of them couldn't help but ask, "Monarch, aren't we going to stop her?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor's face flickered with a complicated expression. To be honest, he didn't want Huo Yuner to use that move. However, this time, the War Emperor had made up his mind. He had spoiled Huo Yuner too much in the past, so she had developed such an immature personality.
Even a lion knew how to push a cub down a cliff to train its offspring. How could the Tianfeng War Emperor not do it?
This time, he would let Huo Yuner decide how to face Luo Tianxing. That was what he thought. As long as Huo Yuner's life wasn't in danger, he wouldn't stop her.
"Forget it. It's all up to her," the Tianfeng War Emperor replied.
Since the Monarch had said so, the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Tianfeng Divine Nation had nothing else to say.
As the flame on the jade bracelet beside Huo Yuner's arm became more and more gorgeous, a deep mark appeared between her eyebrows. Then, a surge of energy escaped from the mark!
"True Phoenix Fire, come out …"
An extremely condensed phoenix phantom suddenly appeared behind Huo Yuner!
Immediately, everyone in the square felt the intense heat wave. Although the heat wave was weakened by the barrier set up by the Divine Sea Realm cultivators, it was still hard to resist. Many False Tribulation Realm cultivators had to condense their True Essence to protect themselves from the heat wave.
"True Phoenix Bloodline, Huo Yuner has the True Phoenix Bloodline? She's a descendant of the Phoenix Clan? "someone shouted.
"The density of her True Phoenix Bloodline is ridiculously high. It's very likely that she's a descendant of the Phoenix Clan!"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched when he saw the flames that were slowly condensing.
Luo Zheng had absorbed the Blood of a True Dragon, and even the Blood Essence of a True Dragon. After absorbing the Blood Essence of a True Dragon, Luo Zheng's body was greatly improved.
However, the Blood Essence and Blood Essence of a True Dragon that Luo Zheng absorbed were counted in drops. Overall, the Blood Essence of a True Dragon didn't make up much of a difference in Luo Zheng's body. More importantly, he absorbed the Blood Essence of a True Dragon after he was born, so he hadn't mastered the Divine Powers of a True Dragon.
As for Huo Yuner, she seemed to be a descendant of a Super Divine Beast. The density of her True Phoenix Bloodline was ridiculously high, and the True Phoenix Phantom was condensed to such an extent!
When Luo Zheng was in the Blue Cloud Sect, he had seen Mo Yuxin with the Blue Luan Bloodline. However, the Blue Luan itself couldn't compare to a Super Divine Beast, and it was far inferior to Super Divine Beasts like the True Dragon and True Phoenix. Furthermore, Mo Yuxin's True Phoenix Bloodline wasn't very rich, and it could even be said to be a little heterogeneous.
Huo Yuner was different. She seemed to have a complete True Phoenix Bloodline …
"Huff huff huff huff …"
Flames emerged from between her eyebrows. As the flames continued to condense, they slowly fused into a Phoenix!
The Phoenix that Huo Yuner condensed was different from Ning Yudie's. Ning Yudie's Ice Phoenix was a visualization object, but this Phoenix seemed to be a real Phoenix!
(Thank you to Tiger Soul for the 8000 coins reward. Thank you to Xiao Xiao for the 5000 coins reward. Thank you to Yi Xiong for the 1000 coins reward! ^ _ ^ I haven't rested for the New Year this year. It's the busiest New Year. After receiving everyone's red packets, I suddenly feel that it's worth it!)
＝＝＝＝＝