Super Divine Beasts were the same as Ferocious Beasts.
Level 9 Ferocious Beasts were equivalent to humans in the False Tribulation Realm. Level 10 Ferocious Beasts were equivalent to humans in the Life and Death Realm.
Level 11 Ferocious Beasts were equivalent to Divine Sea Realm Cultivators. Regardless of whether they were Super Divine Beasts or Ferocious Beasts, once they reached level 11, their Beast Cores would liquefy and they would be able to create their own world.
However, Ferocious Beasts, Divine Beasts, and Super Divine Beasts were also quite different.
Super Divine Beasts like the Real Dragon and Real Phoenix were far superior to ordinary Divine Beasts and Ferocious Beasts in terms of growth speed and special abilities. They were equivalent to some super geniuses in the human race. It was easy for them to challenge someone who was one level higher than them.
"With spirit as the contract and soul as the contract, Real Phoenix 'Huo Yao', listen to my command and travel with me!" At this moment, Huo Yuner's voice became very serious.
This Real Phoenix named Huo Yao was Huo Yuner's contract beast. The more powerful one was, the more powerful the contract beast would be. Huo Yuner was only in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. Even in the Upper World, it was rare to have a Real Phoenix as a contract beast!
Just like the Real Dragon Race, the Real Phoenix Race was also very rare. For example, there were 49 Real Dragons in the Real Dragon Realm. Including the Real Dragons that were not fully grown, there were only a few thousand of them. The Real Phoenix Race was slightly more, but it was still difficult to exceed 10,000!
There were more than a trillion warriors in the Upper World. Taking a Real Phoenix as a contract beast! It was easier said than done.
Only the descendants of Heavenly Lords could receive such treatment!
The strength that Huo Yuner displayed was indeed astonishing to many Divine Sea Realm Cultivators. This little girl from the Huo Family had silently grown to such a level.
However, when they saw the Real Phoenix 'Huo Yao', their eyes almost popped out of their sockets. At this moment, they were beyond shocked.
"Old Huo, you really hid your strength well!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great mocked coldly.
After all, the four Divine Nations were of the same breath and branch. There were no secrets between them. For example, the secret of the little monster in the Nine Cauldron Martial House was also shared by the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors.
However, the Tianfeng War Emperor had managed to nurture such a character without anyone noticing.
Maybe Huo Yuner's strength was not enough to threaten anyone. But what about when Huo Yuner and her Real Phoenix grew? When this real phoenix reached LV 11, which Divine Sea Realm warrior would be a match for it?
If everyone knew about this matter, it would be fine. However, no one knew that the Tianfeng War Emperor had secretly nurtured such a person. It was inevitable that the Kings of the other three Divine Kingdoms would be suspicious.
The Tianfeng War Monarch smiled calmly and said, "Liu Zan, why speak with such an expression? If I wanted to hide it, I naturally wouldn't let Yun 'er fight. "
He was right. From the beginning to the end, the Tianfeng War Emperor did not give Huo Yuner any hints. She was completely on her own. When Huo Yuner chose to reveal her contracted beast, the Tianfeng War Emperor did not stop her.
Hearing this, the monarchs' expressions relaxed. From another point of view, Huo Yuner having a True Phoenix as her contracted beast was actually a good thing for Scandinavia Continent.
There was a limit to their growth in the Divine Kingdom. No one could rebuild the ascension tunnel. All the Divine Sea Realm warriors would be trapped here until their deaths.
There was almost no limit to the growth of a true phoenix. If this true phoenix could grow up, perhaps there really was a chance to rebuild the ascension passage.
"Yo!"
The True Phoenix named Huo Yao suddenly let out a high-pitched cry. It circled around Huo Yuner and then rose up high from behind her. It spread out its wings that were dozens of feet wide. The phoenix's head was at the same level as Luo Zheng, exuding supreme dignity. The phoenix's feathers that were hundreds of feet long circled down and enveloped Huo Yuner.
On each of the feathers of the True Phoenix, there was a burning flame. Strands of Law of Fire spread out along the edge of the flame.
"The third level of Law of Fire …"
When Luo Zheng sensed the strength of the Fire Laws, he had a rough estimate in his heart. The flames that were emitted were endless. While they could bring about destruction, they also contained a kind of exuberant vitality within them.
Although this True Phoenix was only at the ninth level, it gave Luo Zheng a strong sense of pressure. It was even greater than when he faced Cui Xie. A Super Divine Beast was indeed not to be underestimated.
If Huo Yuner had summoned a True Dragon or an Ice Phoenix, the pressure on Luo Zheng would have increased exponentially. The strength of this Super Divine Beast was comparable to a powerful warrior of the fourth or even the fifth level of the Life and Death Realm. Adding Huo Yuner to the mix, even Luo Zheng wouldn't have the confidence to win.
However, Huo Yuner's main cultivation was Law of Fire and Law of Time. The contract beast she summoned through her own bloodline was also a Fire Phoenix!
Luo Zheng had the body of an Immortal Artifact, so he was completely immune to fire. He was just worried that he couldn't find a way to strengthen his body!
A stronger physical body meant that Luo Zheng could use more of the power of the dragon scales. It was no longer difficult for Luo Zheng to collect weapons and refine the Heaven's Evolution Essence. However, Luo Zheng's physical body could not withstand too much power. If he used too much of the power of the dragon scales, his physical body would disintegrate.
Huo Yuner leaned back slightly and sat on the Phoenix's feathers. Then, she pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "Fire Star, Yang Yan Impact!"
"Yo!"
The True Phoenix suddenly raised its head and opened its mouth. The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth began to surge and converge into its mouth.
"It's directly absorbing the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
When it had absorbed almost all the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth, it stared at Luo Zheng, who was not far away.
However, when the True Phoenix was about to spit out flames, Huo Yuner's figure suddenly flashed and came to the Phoenix's head. She put her hand on the side of the Phoenix's head and whispered a few words to it. Then she said to Luo Zheng, "Luo Tianxing, I've already proved it! Now you should understand that if Fire Star spits out Yang Yan Impact, you will be turned into ashes! So you'd better think carefully. It's not too late to regret! "
Luo Zheng was still wondering what Huo Yuner wanted to do. He didn't expect that she would order her contract beast to stop attacking at the last moment. Luo Zheng almost fainted on the ground.
However, her reminder was indeed out of kindness. Although this was a young Phoenix and only at Level Nine, it was still a Super Divine Beast. It was far from being comparable to ordinary Fierce Beasts.
"I think Luo Tianxing should just admit defeat. He's already in the limelight by forcing the Imperial Family to use a Super Divine Beast. I think the Black Iron Divine Kingdom will reward him greatly!"
"A person like Luo Tianxing won't admit defeat so easily. He would have done so before."
"If he doesn't admit defeat, he'll just wait for death. If he wants to court death, no one will stop him. Our Princess Yuner has already given him a chance!"
Most of them didn't like Luo Zheng.
The warriors of the Divine Kingdom's mainland were much more knowledgeable than those of the Central Domain. Moreover, they had a lot of information passed down from the Upper Domain.
Regarding Divine Beasts and Super Divine Beasts, everyone had a rough idea of their strength. For example, the strength of this ninth grade True Phoenix was estimated to be at least at the Life and Death Realm. Even a Life and Death Realm martial artist at the fourth or fifth stage would find it hard to contend with it.
Luo Zheng was a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm warrior. Even if his talent was amazing, what could he use to fight against this True Phoenix? He would probably be burned to ashes before he could even get close.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Luo Zheng spat out two words, "Thank you, and I'm sorry."
'Thank you' was naturally to thank Huo Yuner for giving him another chance. 'Sorry' was naturally to tell Huo Yuner that he still wouldn't admit defeat.
Huo Yuner's face revealed a regretful expression. When she summoned Huo Yao, she had already made a decision in her heart. Since she was a warrior, she would never be able to escape from fighting with others. Just like how humans were born to eat, this was a rule she couldn't avoid.
Since she couldn't avoid it, she could only try to accept it. Huo Yuner didn't choose to escape.
In other words, this battle with Luo Zheng made her understand her mission and responsibility. She also clearly felt her Imperial Father's expectations for her!
If it were in the past, she would rather choose to admit defeat than summon Huo Yao to kill Luo Zheng.
But this time was different. She didn't want to disappoint her Imperial Father.