Ordinary flames spread their heat in all directions, making it very difficult to bind them together.
However, the Yang Flame Impact released by this True Phoenix firmly restrained the heat within, so when this Yang Flame Impact was released, it didn't emit too much residual heat. However, there was an unimaginable problem hidden in the blazing white flames.
This Sun Flame was extremely fast, and only one thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind. His clothes might burn away …
Just as this thought flashed through his mind, his entire body was wrapped in Sun Flame.
"Huff … huff …"
However, from beginning to end, Luo Zheng wasn't worried about his own safety. He was immune to most flames. So far, apart from the mysterious furnace's black fire, Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of any other flames.
Although the Sun Flame spat out by this True Phoenix was frightening, it still couldn't do anything to him by relying on the third layer of Fire Laws.
If an adult True Phoenix came, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to resist it.
Of course, an adult True Phoenix was a level 14 or even level 15 Super God Beast, comparable to a Realm Lord or an Empyrean. A Super God Beast of that level would be several thousand li long. Against the current Luo Zheng, a single swipe of its claws would be enough to crush him to pieces.
Luo Zheng's body was immersed in the flames and started to rapidly heat up. His entire body was red, just like a piece of red-hot iron.
"It should appear soon." Luo Zheng was also somewhat expectant. His body entering the Saint Tool grade was a considerable upgrade for him. After all, Astral Essence combined with the power of several thousand dragon scales would instantly erupt. When Luo Zheng reached late False Tribulation realm, he might be able to sweep through Life and Death powerhouses!
However, after this Sun Flame attack lasted for a dozen breaths, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed.
"Eh? Why hasn't it appeared … "
Just his body being roasted by the flames wasn't enough for Luo Zheng's body to upgrade. The most important thing was those golden runes. After those runes appeared, Luo Zheng's body could completely absorb the flames and integrate them into his body.
"The flame isn't strong enough." Luo Zheng quickly came to this conclusion.
He did not expect that the flames condensed from the third level of the Law of Fire would not be able to upgrade his body. This was a little troublesome.
That Phoenix should have comprehended more than three levels of the Laws of Fire …
The moment this Phoenix descended, Luo Zheng felt a mysterious Fire Attribute Principle. This Fire Attribute Principle was much more complex than the Fire Attribute Principle contained in this Yang Yan. It should be a higher level Fire Attribute Principle.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng unexpectedly went against the flow of Yang Yan's attack and approached Huo Yuner.
This Yang Yan Impact spewed out in a straight line and hit the edge of the boundary, bursting into endless sparks.
Under the continuous impact of the Yang Yan, the barrier condensed by the Divine Sea Realm master became somewhat unstable, and one side of the barrier began to sway like ripples in water.
If the barrier he condensed was destroyed by a False Tribulation Realm cultivator, that would be a real disgrace. Therefore, the Divine Sea Realm master waved his hand and a blue light merged into the barrier, stabilizing it even more.
"That's why I said that sometimes people can't be too rigid. Isn't it just admitting defeat? Why be stubborn for the sake of face? Now that he has been burned to ashes, he didn't cherish himself. Losing his life is a small matter, but the most important thing is that he made our Princess feel uncomfortable. This is the biggest sin! "
"That's right, this Luo Tianxing is like a dead rat. Stepping on a dead rat is more disgusting than stepping on it! Princess Yuner didn't want to kill, but he forced her to do it. What a bitch! "
"This kind of person, it's best to kill him a thousand times to vent our hatred!"
The Heavenly Wind Divine Country cultivators saw Huo Yuner leaning on the Phoenix's shoulder with a sad expression on her face. They all hated Luo Zheng to the bone.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng had no chance of survival under the impact of the Blazing Sun, but he had made Huo Yuner feel so uncomfortable. This was the biggest sin.
Huo Yuner's heart was indeed very uncomfortable. Her hand tightly grasped the feathers of the True Phoenix Flame, and her mood fell to the bottom of the valley. She knew that the world of cultivators was so cruel, but couldn't everyone just decide the winner and loser? Why did they have to fight with their lives at every turn? Was it worth it?
In her eyes, Luo Zheng was also a martial artist with a bright future. Dying like this really made her feel very uncomfortable, and even very painful!
But she also understood that her approach was correct. She couldn't retreat. She couldn't let down her father's ardent hope.
But just as she was entangled in distress and self-blame, a head suddenly emerged from the top of the Blazing Sun.
When Huo Yuner saw the head, she was stunned. Then she heard Luo Zheng say, "Stupid bird! Put more effort! "
"Huh? Luo Tianxing, you're fine! " Seeing her opponent come out unscathed, Huo Yuner should have been very depressed, but instead, she had a surprised and happy expression.
This scene between the two of them once again stunned everyone.
It had to be said that these two were the weirdest of weirdos.
This Luo Zheng was actually able to withstand the Blazing Sun's impact, and it looked like nothing had happened to him. Everyone was shocked, but they couldn't figure out why he jumped out and angered the Phoenix. Was a Super Divine Beast so easy to provoke? Did this guy have a masochistic tendency?
And when Huo Yuner saw that Luo Zheng was fine, she was pleasantly surprised …
"Are they … fighting?"
"You ask me, but who should I ask?"
Many cultivators in the square suddenly felt that their worldview had been turned upside down. The scene in front of them made them somewhat unable to understand.
The intelligence of a Super Divine Beast was very high, so how could this True Phoenix named Huo Yao not understand Luo Zheng's provocation?
Huo Yao was Huo Yuner's Contract Beast, but it did not submit to Huo Yuner. The relationship between the two was similar to a friendship, not a slave, so most of the time it would listen to Huo Yuner's orders, but if it became angry, even Huo Yuner would find it difficult to control it.
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, Huo Yao's eyes revealed a raging anger. As a Super Divine Beast, how could it allow a little human to trample on its dignity?
So it suddenly stopped spitting out Blazing Sun. The moment the Blazing Sun's impact ended, Luo Zheng's body was exposed. The temperature of the Blazing Sun's impact had already burned Luo Zheng's clothes to ashes.
"Ah!" Huo Yuner suddenly screamed and turned her head to the side.
Just now, Luo Zheng had gone against the flow of Blazing Sun's impact, and the distance between him and Huo Yuner had shortened a lot. Now that a naked man was facing her, how could she dare to look?
There were some female cultivators present, and some of them turned their heads to the side, but there were also some masculine women who stared at Luo Zheng without the slightest hesitation, even admiring him with relish.
Not to mention Huo Yuner being shy, even Luo Zheng himself was a little embarrassed, but for the sake of this Phoenix's stronger flames, he was willing to risk everything.
"Yo yo!"
Even Luo Zheng did not expect that his provocation would be so effective. This Phoenix could not wait to prepare for the next wave of attack.
All the feathers on its body stood up in an instant, declaring its anger to all living creatures. Even Huo Yuner herself was unable to withstand the heat transmitted from its body, but she had no choice but to temporarily leave this angry phoenix.
"You, why are you still provoking it! Huo Yao is really angry! "Huo Yuner turned her face to the side and complained to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not answer Huo Yuner's question. The battle between him and Huo Yuner was actually a secondary event. Now, he was fully focused on feeling the power of the flames emitted by this Phoenix. He wondered if this wave of attacks would allow him to break through.
After a while, Luo Zheng saw a ring of fire appear around the Phoenix. At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a special Flame Principle power from this ring of fire.
"It's this power!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. The moment the Phoenix descended, it contained this special Flame Principle power, but it did not exist in the Blazing Sun's impact.