The Tianfeng War Emperor was also a cultivator who specialized in fire-type cultivation methods. His comprehension of the fire-type law was much deeper than Huo Yuner's.
Huo Yuner had already comprehended the third level of the fire-type law. Furthermore, she was wearing a jade bracelet that was a semi-divine tool. However, this didn't mean that she could withstand all the power of fire. For example, the phoenix's attack!
The Tianfeng War Emperor was only testing Huo Yuner. He absolutely didn't want to see Huo Yuner suffer any harm. That was why he pulled her out of the barrier.
At this moment, even Zhou Huang wanted to pull Luo Zheng out of the barrier. Since he chose to protect Luo Zheng, he also didn't want Luo Zheng to lose his life here. The problem was, what did Luo Zheng's words mean?
Previously, under the phoenix's attack, Luo Zheng wasn't injured at all. Moreover, his face revealed an unsatisfied expression. What was the purpose of angering the phoenix? Could it be that he really wanted the phoenix to use its full strength?
With this thought in mind, Zhou Huang didn't want to make a move.
Just as the Tianfeng War Emperor pulled Huo Yuner out of the barrier, the phoenix's body suddenly curled up and began to shrink. The ring of fire around it also began to shrink rapidly.
Huo Yuner stared blankly at her contracted beast outside the barrier and said, "Luo Zheng angered it. It actually wanted to release the Nirvana Flames to burn Luo Zheng …"
The phoenix was the symbol of immortality!
The overall strength of this species was slightly weaker than the true dragon clan. However, their vitality was much stronger than the true dragon clan. Even the nine-headed snake divine beast clan with super healing abilities couldn't be compared to the true phoenix clan.
This was because they could continuously be reborn. As long as there were flames, they could be reborn!
Why did Luo Zheng feel a power that surpassed the third level of the fire-type law when Huo Yuner summoned Huo Yao? It was because this phoenix was directly "reborn" from the flames. In other words, before Huo Yao was summoned, it had already "died" once.
From this, it could be seen that the word "death" was a powerless threat in front of the true phoenix clan. This was because they could choose to die at any time, or they could choose to be reborn in any flame!
During Nirvana, the Fire Phoenix was able to release the Nirvana Flame, which was the fourth level of the Law of Fire, also known as the Flame of Rebirth!
There were ten levels to the Laws of Fire. The first level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Blazing Fire', the second level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Burning Ash', the third level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Destruction', and the fourth level of the Laws of Fire was called 'Rebirth'.
After incinerating all things, it could bring forth new life. That was how it was named!
As the phoenix became smaller and smaller, it finally curled up and turned into a round egg!
The phoenix egg flickered with an orange-red luster. It looked very smooth, like a huge gem. However, at this time, no one dared to approach it because endless fire laws began to emerge from the phoenix egg. These laws were basically all fire laws of the fourth layer.
When these laws left the phoenix egg, they transformed into a golden flame storm that began to engulf everything around it!
The Divine Sea Realm powerhouse who created the barrier had a solemn expression. The difference in power between each level of the Laws was huge. Even this Divine Sea Realm powerhouse found the fourth level of the Laws of Fire tricky. However, if this False Tribulation Realm, no, it should be said that this ninth level phoenix could break his barrier, he would lose face. Therefore, he was trying his best to stabilize this barrier.
"Hualala …"
Under the sweeping of this flame storm, the cuboid formed by the barrier had become a fiery hell. At this moment, there was nothing but flames.
Many Divine Sea Realm geniuses in the square were already worried. Although this barrier was created by a Divine Sea Realm powerhouse, what if it was broken? If the flame storm swept out, it would affect many people …
Although they were afraid, seeing that no one retreated, they held back. After all, they were a group of Divine Sea Realm geniuses. They couldn't lose face for their own Martial House and the Divine Nation.
Under the sweeping of this flame storm, Luo Zheng's entire body was red. After a while, a golden rune suddenly appeared on his body!
"It's done!" Luo Zheng was overjoyed.
Then, more and more golden runes began to appear on his hands, feet, face, and shoulders …
Then, those golden runes kept spinning and absorbing the flames. After a while, Luo Zheng looked like a golden bronze man.
Wrapped in these golden runes, Luo Zheng was not only unharmed by the flame storm, but also felt very comfortable, except that his body was a little hot.
Therefore, Luo Zheng walked through the flame storm and slowly approached the phoenix egg.
The phoenix egg was still floating in the center of the barrier. On the surface of the egg, the Law of Fire was constantly flashing, urging an even stronger flame storm to sweep over.
Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. Instead, he flew towards the flame storm and reached out his hand towards the phoenix egg. His fingers gently stroked the surface of the egg.
"It's a little hot, and I can feel that there are living creatures jumping inside. This is the case for the phoenix egg. I wonder if it's the same for the dragon egg …" Luo Zheng did not forget that he had entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. If there was a chance, he would help Qinglong take away the Ancestral Dragon egg.
"Crackle, crackle …"
Under Luo Zheng's touch, the surface of the phoenix egg began to crack rapidly. Suddenly, a small miniature phoenix shot out from the egg. This miniature phoenix circled around and began to grow rapidly.
As the two phoenix cries rang out, the flaming storm finally slowed down …
The phoenix looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. Its flames were completely ineffective against this person!
This ninth grade phoenix was not very old. Otherwise, it would not have been able to form a contract with Huo Yuner and become her contract beast. It could only use the third layer of the Law of Fire. As for the fourth layer of the Law of Fire, it could only be released in its Nirvana state!
Therefore, Nirvana was its most powerful move. Originally, it wanted to use the Nirvana Flame to burn this rude human to ashes. However, it now understood that this guy did not seem to be afraid of flames. What was going on?
This phoenix, which was still in its infancy, could not figure out what was going on.
At this moment, Luo Zheng smiled at the phoenix and said, "Thank you!"
Why are you thanking me? Didn't you just scold me? The real phoenix was somewhat puzzled. However, beasts were more realistic than humans. Even if it was a super divine beast, once it determined that it was not a match for Luo Zheng, it would maintain an attitude of reverence towards Luo Zheng. This was its life instinct after countless years of evolution.
Therefore, the phoenix let out a long cry and flew out of the boundary.
"Remove the boundary and let Huo Yao out," Huo Yuner suddenly said.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, the Divine Sea Realm powerhouse immediately opened the boundary. After Huo Yao came out of the boundary, he stuck close to Huo Yuner.
After Huo Yuner comforted the phoenix for a while, the real phoenix seemed to be in a better mood. Then, Huo Yuner slowly approached the boundary and said to Luo Zheng, "I lost this battle. You are stronger than me."
Just now, when the Tianfeng War Emperor took Huo Yuner out of the boundary, she had already lost.
Now that she admitted defeat, Huo Yuner was sincerely convinced. She really could not do anything to Luo Zheng.
For some reason, Huo Yuner's heart suddenly calmed down when she did not have to compete with Luo Zheng. She was quite satisfied with this result.
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled, "You are not bad yourself."
"Yes, I know." Huo Yuner was not modest and admitted it generously. She also felt that she was very strong …
However, after looking at the square, she lowered her voice and said to Luo Zheng, "But I still have to remind you. That little monster is really strong. You must be careful. Otherwise, he will kill you!"
In fact, Huo Yuner also realized that Luo Zheng was able to win because of Luo Zheng's special talent. He did not seem to be afraid of flames at all. However, the little monster was not so easy to deal with.
＝＝＝＝＝