After Luo Zheng's victory, none of the Divine Rank geniuses from the four Divine Kingdoms spoke a word. Most of them were listless.
Previously, when Luo Zheng had defeated Yun Longtao, they might have had the urge to catch up. But now, as long as they had some self-awareness, they knew that even if they tried their best to catch up with him for the rest of their lives, they might not be able to catch up.
Under such terrifying flames, he had actually survived. The only thing he had lost was his clothes. Many people suspected that Luo Zheng wasn't human at all. Or rather, they didn't know what his body was made of. It didn't make sense for him to come out unscathed!
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't care about their logic. When the golden runes disappeared, Luo Zheng's body had already become a Divine Artifact. More importantly, he had accumulated a considerable amount of Primordial Astral Nova in his body. He could use it to temper his body again.
Although tempering his body was painful, using the Primordial Astral Nova to temper his body was greatly beneficial to Luo Zheng's body. Naturally, he had to endure it.
He stretched his body and felt that his body had entered a new level. A trace of joy appeared on his face. Finally, his gaze fell on Yan Wang, Zhou Huang, and the others on the high platform.
Yan Wang smiled and gave Luo Zheng a thumbs up. Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Then, he looked around and asked in a clear voice, "Who else wants to challenge me?"
The Heavenly Wind Divine Nation had lost. Next, it was the Star Field Divine Nation and the Great Yu Divine Nation who had the right to challenge.
It had to be said that the ones most aggrieved right now were the martial artists of the Wild Star Divine Kingdom. From start to finish, the martial artists of the Wild Star Divine Kingdom had never won. Although the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom had lost, the Heavenly Wind Divine Emperor had only sent a single martial artist, and that was Huo Yuner!
Although Huo Yuner had lost, the strength she had displayed had proven everything. Among the younger generation of cultivators in the Divine Kingdom Continent, there weren't many who dared to say that they were her match!
Luo Zheng had first defeated Yun Longtao, then Huo Yuner. Many of the first-tier cultivators in the Martial House didn't dare to challenge him. With their strength, they would be defeated by Luo Zheng in an instant. Other than losing face, there was nothing left.
However, the princes of the four Divine Kingdoms had a chance to fight with Luo Zheng. It was just unknown if they would take that step.
Just as the Royal Family of the Star Field Divine Nation was thinking about it, someone stood out. This person was the Little Monster from the Nine Cauldron Martial House.
In fact, there were many top warriors in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, including the Nine Cauldrons Martial House. Some of them were even as strong as Yun Longtao. However, only the little monster dared to stand out.
His hunched back suddenly leaped into the air. He somersaulted in the air and instantly disappeared into the barrier. His eyes were filled with intense interest as he looked at Luo Zheng.
"Finally, it's the little monster's turn to appear. I wonder if that brutal guy will be taught a lesson this time!"
"Teach the little monster a lesson? I also want to see this scene. But have you ever seen the Little Monster lose? "
"No, never …"
Even the cultivators in the Nine Cauldron Martial House didn't like the Little Monster. If it wasn't for the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, the Nine Cauldron Martial House wouldn't be willing to bring the Little Monster here.
In fact, the Great Yu Divine Nation didn't intend to send the Little Monster. In the past, when the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean opened, the Little Monster was sleeping on the ground. The battles between cultivators had nothing to do with him.
This time, in order to deal with Luo Zheng, Bai Yuerong had personally invited the little monster out.
Therefore, at this moment, Bai Yuerong had a complicated look on her face. She didn't know if her approach was right or wrong.
After seeing the Little Monster, Luo Zheng frowned. He hated this kind of look. After Huo Yuner's reminder, he became more vigilant.
Huo Yuner's strength was already very amazing, but she was so afraid of the Little Monster. This guy's strength couldn't be underestimated.
However, Luo Zheng also knew that the main reason Huo Yuner was afraid of the Little Monster was because of the Little Monster's personality. The other reason was because of his strength.
"Hehe." The Little Monster smacked his lips. He stared at Luo Zheng and said, "How about I challenge you?"
Luo Zheng replied indifferently, "Since you're already standing here, you're naturally challenging me. Why do you need to ask again?"
The Little Monster shrunk his long neck and continued to laugh, "If I lose, can I kill you?"
This guy really talked a lot of nonsense. Luo Zheng could only reply coldly, "According to the rules, it's not allowed."
"That's a pity. I don't know how to fight with others. I only know how to kill. I don't have a good sense of propriety. What should I do?" The Little Monster's black eyes stared at Luo Zheng with a sinister smile.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "There's no 100% guarantee in a battle between cultivators. I think we'd better start!" He was too lazy to talk nonsense with the Little Monster.
"Okay!" As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the Little Monster suddenly opened his mouth and let out a sharp smile. The teeth in his mouth didn't look like human teeth. They were extremely sharp, like the teeth of some wild beast.
He suddenly stepped on the barrier below. Like a dexterous monkey, he rushed along the barrier toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't like this guy. He even felt a sense of disgust. This kind of disgust was somewhat similar to the disgust of the same sex. Or it could be said that Luo Zheng rejected this guy from the bottom of his heart!
Even Luo Zheng himself couldn't explain why he felt this way.
"Whoosh …"
The Little Monster kept crawling. Suddenly, he jumped up high. With a strange smile on his face, he suddenly grabbed at Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's figure flashed slightly. In the blink of an eye, he crossed the space and avoided the Little Monster's grab. He felt very strange. Was this Little Monster going to fight with him?
After the Little Monster entered the arena, he didn't take out his weapon. Secondly, he didn't use his True Essence. He just attacked Luo Zheng with his physical body. Therefore, he even gave up flying. He just ran by stepping on the barrier condensed by the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng, who had just entered the body of a Divine Tool, was quite confident in his physical body. If the Little Monster wanted to fight with him, Luo Zheng would accompany him to the end. However, he couldn't figure out what the Little Monster was up to at the moment, so he avoided it at once.
After the Little Monster missed its attack, he fell on the barrier again. Then he clicked his tongue and said, "Your strength and talent are not bad. But you're too timid!"
Hearing the Little Monster's provocation, Luo Zheng became more vigilant. What did this guy mean? Did he really want to fight with him with his physical body?
"Don't think too much!" The Little Monster grinned and said, "To deal with you, I don't even need to use my True Essence! I just need to rely on my physical body! "
After the Little Monster finished speaking, many warriors were in an uproar. They all knew that the Little Monster was very powerful. Strictly speaking, although he was a warrior of the False Tribulation Realm, he was not at the same level as these God-level geniuses.
However, everyone had seen the strength Luo Zheng had just shown clearly. Luo Zheng was also very powerful. Even the Real Phoenix couldn't do anything to him!
Wasn't the Little Monster a bit too arrogant to say such words?
Hearing the Little Monster's words, Luo Zheng suddenly showed a weird smile on his face. "You don't seem to be a Body Refining Warrior. You don't have Vital Spirit?"
"No! I don't need Vital Spirit to deal with you! "the Little Monster said again.
"Good." After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly rose up and directly rose to the top of the barrier.
When warriors of the False Tribulation Realm fought, there was always not enough space. Therefore, the barrier set up by that Divine Sea Realm warrior was not small. Luo Zheng flew up and directly reached the top of the barrier. Looking down at the Little Monster, he asked faintly, "If so, how are you going to fight with me?"
"You!" The Little Monster's face suddenly froze.
Even without using True Essence, the Little Monster's physical strength was very powerful. The problem was that Luo Zheng was far away from him. How was he going to fight with him?
If it were another warrior who wanted to compete with him in physical strength, Luo Zheng would have agreed. Whether it was Vital Spirit, True Essence, or physical strength, Luo Zheng was not afraid of any of them. However, he just couldn't stand this Little Monster being so arrogant in front of everyone.
There were plenty of people who didn't like the little monster. Even though there were plenty of god-level geniuses who had gained enlightenment through sparring with the little monster, breaking through their own bottlenecks and obtaining great benefits, the little monster was not likable in the first place. How many people in this world would like a fellow with a repulsive face, a violent and eccentric temperament?