This little monster had just said that he wouldn't use Zhen Yuan. Without Zhen Yuan, he couldn't even fly. Luo Zheng had been maintaining that height, so how could he fight with Luo Zheng?
However, the little monster had already boasted, so he didn't use Zhen Yuan, and stepped towards the edge of the barrier.
"Sprint!"
The little monster's hands and feet were long. Although he looked extremely uncoordinated, once he started moving, every part of his body seemed to play a role, and there wasn't the slightest extra movement on his body.
Once he stepped forward, he was like a gecko climbing a wall, quickly advancing along the side of the barrier. When the little monster climbed halfway, he suddenly kicked the barrier wall in front of him, and his whole body directly flipped over, and the direction he fell was exactly where Luo Zheng was.
Seeing that the little monster really didn't use Zhen Yuan, and was actually rushing towards him, Luo Zheng's face revealed a sneer.
Martial artists could use Zhen Yuan to fly, and they could change their position up, down, left, and right. They were very flexible, but the little monster only used the momentum of his sprint to jump towards him.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and directly floated behind the little monster.
"Naive!"
After he sneered, he punched the back of the little monster.
Luo Zheng opened the power of 300 dragon scales for this punch. Under the explosion of this power, the little monster was like a rubber ball, and instantly smashed into the bottom of the barrier.
"Huh?" Although Luo Zheng's attack was successful, he found some strange things. The little monster seemed to have no bones, and it gave Luo Zheng a soft feeling. Even after opening the power of 300 dragon scales, the little monster didn't seem to be injured.
The little monster was lying on the bottom of the barrier, and then slowly climbed up. Its dark pupils were like a wild beast in the forest, staring at Luo Zheng, but there was a ferocious smile on its face.
"Don't you plan to use Zhen Yuan?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently, with his hands behind his back.
"No need!" The little monster sneered, "You are not qualified for me to go all out!"
Hearing the little monster's provocation, Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent. Then he said, "If you want to be beaten, then continue!"
That little monster was truly stubborn, but relying on his physical strength alone, he simply wasn't able to resist Luo Zheng. He knew that Luo Zheng was proficient in the Space Laws, so if he didn't rely on his True Essence to fly, he could only use his pure strength to erupt. He simply couldn't even touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
"Sou!"
The little monster's figure flashed and jumped up again. This time, it didn't climb to the edge of the barrier. Instead, it jumped up high and pounced on Luo Zheng.
It had to be said that this little monster's physical body was also abnormally powerful. Not to mention the late stage of False Tribulation Realm, even Life and Death Realm experts couldn't possess such a powerful physical body.
However, no matter how strong his jumping ability was or how fast his speed was, he still couldn't catch Luo Zheng.
The moment the little monster arrived in front of him, Luo Zheng took a step forward, shuttled through space, and arrived behind the little monster again. Then, he punched again.
With this punch, Luo Zheng activated the power of five hundred dragon scales. In addition to Luo Zheng's own strength, the power of this punch was extremely terrifying.
The little monster jumped up high. Since it had no place to borrow strength in the air, it simply couldn't dodge Luo Zheng's punch.
"Bang!"
The solid punch once again hammered the little monster's back. Thus, the little monster was once again smashed down by Luo Zheng.
He still couldn't injure the little monster. Luo Zheng clenched his fists, and his eyes flickered. This guy's ability to resist attacks was probably not far from his own body's.
However, Luo Zheng and the little monster were fundamentally different. Luo Zheng had transformed his body into a magical treasure body. His body was incomparably sturdy. After being refined by Nirvana Flame, Luo Zheng now possessed a sacred tool body. How could it be so easy to injure him?
The little monster's body was at the other extreme. Its body seemed soft and boneless, and couldn't bear any force at all. Thus, it was very difficult for Luo Zheng to injure it.
"Continue?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
The little monster spat, and a trace of a sinister smile appeared on its face. It didn't speak, and with a spring of its legs, it pounced toward Luo Zheng.
This time, Luo Zheng appeared behind the little monster once again. Since the power of five hundred dragon scales wasn't enough, he planned to directly activate the power of eight hundred dragon scales.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to punch, the little monster's hand suddenly twisted.
Luo Zheng was originally behind the little monster, but with a twist of its arm, it unexpectedly grabbed Luo Zheng from behind!
It was almost impossible for a human to complete this action. This action was similar to twisting one's neck in a full circle. An ordinary person's arm would probably be directly twisted off.
However, the little monster's body was very flexible. With a twist of its arm, it wrapped around Luo Zheng's arm!
The little monster's arm was like a soft hemp rope, and it actually coiled around Luo Zheng's arm.
"Hehe, I already said that to deal with you, I don't need to use true energy." After the little monster finished speaking, a huge force was transmitted from the little monster's body, and it abruptly threw Luo Zheng down!
"Bang!"
Caught off guard, Luo Zheng was smashed to the bottom of the barrier by the little monster. However, the little monster's attack wasn't over. Its arm was still tightly wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. Moreover, the little monster borrowed Luo Zheng's strength to stay in the air, and its arm actually stretched out to a length of seven to eight feet!
"This guy's body is really a monster!"
Lying at the bottom of the barrier, Luo Zheng secretly thought to himself as he looked at the little monster above him.
Then, the little monster's extended arm suddenly began to shrink. With the help of this shrinking force, the little monster rapidly closed the distance between him and Luo Zheng. Its other fist was like a meteor, fiercely smashing toward Luo Zheng's head!
Its body was so soft, but the power it erupted with was extremely astonishing. This guy hadn't even used true energy …
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng stopped thinking. His head tilted, and the little monster's fist hit empty air. The entire barrier also began to shake under the little monster's enormous strength.
"These two guys are both monsters." Bai Yuerong's expression was complicated as she stared at the battle inside the barrier.
At first, when Bai Yuerong found the little monster, she felt that Luo Zheng was doomed to be doomed.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, where there were many God-ranked geniuses, the little monster could become a monster in the eyes of others not because of its special talent, but because of its incomparably strange strength.
It seemed like this guy was an anomaly amongst all humans.
When the little monster was first discovered, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace stopped him from participating in a trial in the forest.
The trial took place in the Seven Waters Forest located to the north of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The forest wasn't very dangerous, and the strongest demon beast was only a Third to Fourth Grade demon beast. Therefore, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace would usually organize several tens of thousands of Xiantian warriors to participate in the trial.
But, during the trial, they encountered the little monster.
The little monster didn't have a name, and no one knew where it came from. When the little monster was first discovered, it didn't even know how to speak the human language, and its entire body was filled with the characteristics of a demon beast. It loved to eat raw meat, especially the head.
After the few hundred men from the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace entered the Seven Waters Forest, they were all killed by the little monster alone. Everyone died in different ways, but the only similarity was that their heads were smashed open, and their brains were sucked clean!
This incident shocked the upper echelons of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace, and they sent over a thousand Divine Core warriors into the Seven Water Forest to investigate the cause. In the end, they found this little monster, and it took them more than ten days to finally capture it.
At that time, the little monster was only seven years old, and he was only at the Marrow Refining realm. No one taught him any martial skills, and all his cultivation was based on his own comprehension.
After capturing the little monster, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace didn't kill him. Although the little monster was dangerous, he was only a threat to ordinary Xiantian warriors. The reason why the higher ups of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace spared the little monster's life was because they wanted to unravel the little monster's secrets.
But, what they didn't expect was that the little monster's secrets kept increasing. The little monster's bones seemed to be extremely soft, and also extremely tough!