Even a Divine Sea warrior would have to reattach his arm after losing it. If he didn't do so, he would become a cripple.
Such a miraculous self-healing ability shouldn't appear on a human's body. Therefore, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace's interest in this little monster grew.
The Nine Cauldron Martial Palace's research on this little monster's body had always been carried out in secret. Until the warriors of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace discovered a huge secret in this little monster's body, an innate talent that could help other warriors in their cultivation!
A warrior's innate talent was determined at birth. There might be some herbs that could change one's innate talent, but they couldn't be found in the Divine Kingdom.
In order to cultivate faster, and to reach a higher level, the Divine Kingdom had built many Martial Palaces, countless secret cultivation grounds, and organized warriors of all levels to train and fight with ferocious beasts. They could stimulate one's innate potential in the midst of life and death …
Everything was done in order to stimulate one's innate talent to the fullest, and make the best use of it.
When the warriors of the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace discovered this little monster's innate talent, they immediately went crazy.
A Xiantian warrior who had been stuck in a bottleneck for many years might never have the chance to break through to the Divine Reflection realm. But, after sparring with this little monster, the bottleneck was quickly broken, and not long after, he would break through to the Divine Reflection realm …
This was the effect of this little monster's innate talent.
The little monster who had just entered the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace was only at the Marrow Refining realm, he wasn't even a Xiantian lifeform.
Soon, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace found out that this little monster could help others break through their bottleneck during sparring. But, there was a limit to it; the gap between their cultivation bases couldn't be too big.
When a Divine Core warrior sparred with this little monster, the benefits he could get were minimal. But, a Xiantian lifeform could obtain great benefits from this little monster.
The Nine Cauldron Martial Palace had built a stone tower specifically for this little monster, then they chained him to the tower with iron chains. After that, they would send some Xiantian warriors into the tower every day to fight with this little monster.
With this little monster's ferocious nature, many Xiantian warriors had died in his hands. But, after sparring with this little monster, those Xiantian warriors who survived would quickly break through to the next level.
The little monster wasn't an idiot. Although he was filled with his ferocious nature, he soon realized the purpose of these warriors.
But, for the next few days, the little monster refused to fight. No matter how the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace tortured him, he refused to fight.......
After a few months of deadlock, the Nine Cauldron Martial Palace.
After all, it would be a waste to let the little monster cultivate with the Xiantian Realm martial artists of the Nine Cauldrons Martial House. It would be better to nurture the little monster. In the future, when he reached the Divine Reflection Realm, False Tribulation Realm, or even the Life and Death Realm, he would be of great help to the Nine Cauldrons Martial House!
This was the reason why the little monster had the opportunity to blend into the human world. As his overall strength became stronger, his talent became more and more important. After breaking through to the Divine Core realm, he was able to help Void Tribulation warriors break through their bottlenecks, and after breaking through to the Void Tribulation realm, he had even helped many Life and Death warriors break through their bottlenecks!
Because of this, many Divine Sea Realm warriors were hoping that this little monster could break through to the Late Stage of the False Tribulation Realm.
If the little monster entered the Life and Death Realm, wouldn't it be able to help a bunch of Spirit Sea Realm warriors break through their bottlenecks?
This was a huge temptation, one that no Spirit Sea Realm warrior could resist.
Regardless of whether it was the Yu the Great, the Tianfeng War Emperor, or Zhou Huang, they had been stuck at the Divine Sea Realm for countless years. However, the resources in the Lower World were too scarce for them to break through to the Divine Sea Realm!
Since they couldn't ascend to the Immortal Realm, the little monster was the only hope for these Divine Sea warriors.
Taking advantage of this fact, the little monster had a high status. Even the Princes and Crown Princes didn't dare offend him.
But, ever since the little monster reached the Late Void Tribulation realm, his cultivation had suddenly stopped.
Many Divine Sea warriors were confused. The little monster's talent was incredible, so why was he stuck at the Late Void Tribulation realm?
Ten years had passed, but the little monster was still stuck at the Late Void Tribulation realm. He hadn't stepped into the Life and Death realm.
Some Divine Sea warriors couldn't help but challenge the little monster. But, the gap between the Divine Sea realm and the Void Tribulation realm was just too big, and the results were almost negligible.
But, they didn't have any better ideas. All they could do was wait for the little monster to break through.
Fortunately, Divine Sea warriors had long lives. They had plenty of time to wait. If they couldn't break through to the Void Tribulation realm in ten years, then they would wait for twenty or thirty years.
It should be easy to kill Luo Zheng with such a guy. But, after watching the battle between Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner, Bai Yuerong hesitated. Luo Zheng's talent was horrifying. Like the little monster, he also had supernatural powers that were beyond the reach of ordinary people.
Under Bai Yuerong's watch, the battle inside the seal began to quicken.
The little monster's one hand wrapped tightly around Luo Zheng, forcing Luo Zheng into a hand-to-hand fight. This was the little monster's best fighting style. Every part of his body could be used as a deadly weapon.
None of the warriors who were entangled by the little monster survived. Without exception, they all died in his hands.
Unfortunately, this time, the little monster met Luo Zheng. The little monster could turn his whole body into a weapon, but Luo Zheng himself was a weapon!
Not to mention, Luo Zheng had just refined a moment ago. He already had the body of a divine weapon!
The little monster's neck suddenly elongated, and its head was raised high. Then, it smashed its head heavily at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked calm. His left hand was full of power. He punched at the little monster's head. It was like punching a sandbag. The huge force directly smashed the little monster's head 200 feet away, hitting the side wall of the seal. Then, the little monster's head bounced back and smashed at Luo Zheng with an even more horrifying force!
The battle between the two was like two ferocious beasts.
Every time they attacked, even the seal set up by a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm would shake violently.
Warriors of the False Tribulation Realm were so powerful that they could split mountains and rocks with a raise of their hands. In fact, each of their punches had the same effect. It was just that they were bound by the seal, so it didn't look so horrifying. If the seal was released and they were fighting outside, the West Dragon River would have been riddled with holes by now!
"I'm also stunned by this battle. It seems that there is no winner …" A warrior shook his head and said.
"It's Luo Tianxing's bad luck to meet an opponent like the little monster. It's too difficult to deal with!"
"But this Luo Zheng isn't bad either. What the hell is his body? He must have been attacked by the little monster a lot. It looks like nothing happened to him! "
At this time, a trace of impatience appeared on Luo Zheng's face. This little monster was more difficult to deal with than he had imagined. He had to get this guy off him first. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around and twisted the other hand of the little monster. Then he suddenly jumped into the air and kicked the little monster's chest hard.
Seeing Luo Zheng's action, the little monster understood Luo Zheng's action. "You want to get rid of me? In your dreams! "
But at this moment, the Vital Spirit in Luo Zheng's body suddenly burst out. The moment he kicked, the power of the dragon scales in his body also surged out. Then Luo Zheng hit the edge of the seal like a shooting star. But the little monster's hands were still wrapped around Luo Zheng's body!
Luo Zheng had expected this. The moment he hit the edge of the seal, he pulled hard again.
"Bang!"
The little monster's soft body also fell to the side of Luo Zheng.
"Dream on? I don't believe that your body has no limit! " This time, Luo Zheng swung his hands again and threw the little monster away. The little monster's body was instantly stuck on the other side of the seal …
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
Loud sounds were heard. The little monster's body was swung around by Luo Zheng and smashed on both sides of the seal!
Every impact caused the seal to shake. One could imagine how much force the little monster's body was bearing.
"This …" Seeing the little monster being treated like this by Luo Zheng, a Divine Sea Realm almighty showed a worried expression. Then, he asked Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Should we stop Luo Zheng? Although the little monster has an almost immortal body, if this continues, it's hard to say! "
Many Divine Sea Realm almighty were eagerly waiting for the little monster to enter the False Tribulation Realm. They were afraid that the little monster would be smashed to death by Luo Zheng!
＝＝＝＝＝