The little monster chose to fight with Luo Zheng in close combat. It was definitely a wrong choice.
His body was indeed very special. No one in the four Divine Kingdoms could match him in terms of strength or physical strength!
Therefore, in theory, the little monster would have a great advantage in close combat with his physical strength!
Unfortunately, he met Luo Zheng.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, even a Divine Ocean Realm Almighty would not be able to withstand a punch from him.
Moreover, after reaching the Divine Artifact Body, Luo Zheng's body was as strong as a Divine Artifact! Ordinary Divine Artifacts such as sabers and swords were only thin pieces. However, Luo Zheng's body was much wider than ordinary sabers and swords. Naturally, his body was much stronger than ordinary Divine Artifacts.
How could the little monster hurt Luo Zheng in close combat?
Therefore, the little monster chose a path that was destined to fail …
Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't say anything. The little monster wouldn't die so easily. The little monster's life force was so strong that it made people's hair stand on end. However, he was still being hit by Luo Zheng.
The problem was that if he stopped the little monster, it would be equivalent to the little monster admitting defeat. Like Bai Yuerong, Battle Emperor Yu the Great hoped that the little monster could kill Luo Zheng!
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was a little annoyed. The little monster was too arrogant at the beginning. He crippled his own martial arts and gave up on using his True Essence. Instead, he fought with Luo Zheng with his physical strength! Just like Bai Yuerong said, Luo Zheng had killed a fourth stage False Tribulation Realm warrior. Moreover, the Star Sword Venerable Master and the Heartless Monk had also fallen.
Although Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't believe that the Heartless Monk and the Star Sword Venerable Master were killed by Luo Zheng, it was still related to this kid. This kid's secrets were probably no less than the little monster's!
"Bang, bang, bang …"
The violent attacks continued. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression became more and more unpleasant. How long was this guy going to endure?
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression didn't look good. However, many warriors felt very comfortable.
This little monster was a notorious guy. If all the evil deeds he had committed were accounted for, even if he was the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince, he would be crippled!
The vast majority of martial artists hated this person very much. However, the vast majority of martial artists could not afford to offend this fellow, so they could only hide far away.
This was especially true for the Nine Cauldron Martial House's martial artists. When they saw the little monster being brutally abused by Luo Zheng, their faces were filled with gratification. It was as if they were happier than celebrating the New Year. Luo Zheng had helped them vent their anger.
Huo Yuner, who had returned to the top of the stairs, saw this scene, and a smile appeared on her face. It seemed that her previous worries were superfluous. Evil people would be dealt with by evil people. This little monster deserved it!
Huo Yuner rarely fought and rarely left the Tianfeng Divine Nation. However, in order to break through faster, the Tianfeng War Emperor once brought Huo Yuner to the Great Yu Divine Nation to spar with the little monster.
At that time, the little monster had already broken through to the Divine Core realm. When he was sparring with Huo Yuner, he kept spouting dirty words, and nearly injured Huo Yuner. At that time, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face turned green, and he even wanted to kill the little monster. Luckily, Battle Emperor Yu the Great stopped him, allowing the little monster to escape death.
Although Huo Yuner was able to quickly break through to the Late Divine Core realm with the help of the little monster's innate talent, the little monster's frightening appearance had left a deep impression on her. After returning to the Heavenly Wind Divine Nation, she had spent half a year in nightmares …
Therefore, whenever Huo Yuner mentioned the little monster, a deep fear would emerge in her heart. At the same time, she hated him to the core.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng had left a deep impression on Huo Yuner. All martial artists were born to worship those who were stronger than them.
Within the four Divine Nations, there were many people who Huo Yuner worshipped, but they were all her seniors.
Amongst her peers, aside from the little monster, no one else was strong enough to enter her eyes. Even the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince's strength was far inferior to hers.
But this time, Luo Tianxing had appeared out of nowhere.
This martial artist called "Luo Tianxing" caused a trace of curiosity to arise in Huo Yuner's heart. Therefore, after Luo Tianxing defeated Yun Longtao, she made a request to her father to spar with him.
Although the imperial family wouldn't easily accept a challenge, Huo Yuner was finally interested in sparring with someone. Since the Tianfeng War Emperor doted on her, how could he not agree?
After being defeated by Luo Zheng, her mind was filled with complicated thoughts. She even had the urge to know more about Luo Zheng.
Who was his master? How did he grow to his current level? Did he really come from the Northern Heaven Region? How could such a genius appear in such a small place? All sorts of questions kept popping up in her mind.
Of course, as a Divine Kingdom's Princess, no matter how hard it was to suppress her thoughts, her expression was very reserved. Therefore, she only opened her eyes wide and quietly looked at Luo Zheng.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to swing the little monster to the side of the barrier, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a sharp pain in his hand. Luo Zheng instantly let go, and the two long arms of the little monster quickly retracted and returned to their original state.
The little monster finally began to circulate its True Origin and floated in the air.
Luo Zheng slowly floated up and looked at the little monster indifferently. He said coldly, "I thought you really wouldn't use your True Origin!"
The little monster frankly admitted, "I underestimated you!"
After being hammered by Luo Zheng for so long, even though it had an almost immortal body, its expression was somewhat dispirited.
However, even Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh at the little monster's ability to resist attacks. It was indeed very valiant!
In the history of Luo Zheng, the little monster had the strongest physical body among warriors of the same level as him. It was second only to him!
Indeed, there were all kinds of strange things in the world. Just like what Qinglong said, his magic treasure body was probably unique in the universe. However, there were many variables in the universe, and Luo Zheng was just one of them. Perhaps the little monster was another one.
The little monster used to be arrogant and unreasonable. Not to mention Luo Zheng, even when facing Battle Emperor Yu the Great, he couldn't be serious. After all, he grew up in a forest full of ferocious beasts. What dominated him was his bestial nature!
However, after being trained by the Nine Cauldrons Martial House, the little monster slowly had his own goal. His goal was to kill all the Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Divine Kingdom Continent! He wanted to make the entire Divine Kingdom Continent his world!
This goal sounded like a fool's dream, but in the little monster's heart, it was not impossible!
Why did Battle Emperor Yu the Great want to train him? The purpose was to let him grow and then use his talent to make a breakthrough. However, after the little monster was captured by the Nine Cauldrons Martial House and secretly studied, he had already planted the seed of hatred in all the warriors. He would slowly settle the score with the little monster.
However, before he reached that step, the little monster had been enduring. Why hadn't he broken through to the False Tribulation Realm? It was because he had been suppressing his cultivation all this time!
He knew that once he broke through to the Life and Death Realm, he might really be able to influence those Divine Sea Realm warriors and help them break through to the Divine Sea Realm. This wasn't something the little monster wanted to see. Therefore, he chose to suppress his cultivation, hoping to reach a higher level when he broke through to the False Tribulation Realm!
Only in this way could he fight against Divine Sea Realm warriors after breaking through to the False Tribulation Realm!
Within the same realm, the little monster didn't see anyone as a worthy opponent. His requirement for himself was to surpass an entire realm. He was currently at late stage False Tribulation realm, but he could contend against fifth layer Life and Death realm warriors, and even sixth layer Life and Death realm!
Once he broke through to the Life and Death Realm, he could quickly reach the third or even the fourth stage of the Life and Death Realm. In a very short time, he could fight against those Divine Sea Realm warriors. Even if he wasn't a match for Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the other Monarchs, he could ensure that he could safely escape from the Divine Kingdom Continent. In the future, when his cultivation had reached a certain level, he would return and settle the score with them!
However, today, the little monster unexpectedly found another "monster". Luo Tianxing's cultivation was lower than his, only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. However, this guy's strength didn't seem to be any weaker than his!
At this time, the little monster began to become very serious. He finally began to circulate the True Yuan in his body. As the True Yuan flowed slowly, specks of light began to brew in his hands!
They were specks of golden light. When the light shone, it gave people a feeling of showing off their abilities.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. His face revealed a dignified expression. That golden True Yuan gave him a very strange feeling.
This feeling was very strange, so strange that it was indescribable. That golden True Yuan seemed to contain strange rules, which were incomparably complex …
"No wonder you couldn't kill him." Xun also noticed the little monster's strange phenomenon. Previously, Xun couldn't determine the little monster's origin, but after seeing the golden True Yuan, she was soon sure. "This guy is not a monster. To be exact, he's not a complete human. He's the Child of the Plane!"