"Child of the Dimension?" Upon hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng was stunned. What was that?
"The Great Thousand World you're in can be regarded as a separate dimension, and the dimension itself has its own will. Just like how the stars have their own will, the Great Thousand World also has its own will," Xun explained to Luo Zheng.
The will of the Great Thousand World was not a single will. In fact, it was a projection of the will of all the living beings in the Great Thousand World. It was an aggregate.
In this Greater Thousand World, humans made up the majority of the population. Therefore, the Children of the Dimension that were born were highly similar to humans. Of course, there were some differences. For example, the little monster had a forked tongue, sharp teeth like a wolf, and pitch-black pupils.
Not all Great Thousand Worlds would give birth to Children of the Dimension. It was only when a Great Thousand World was irreparably damaged that a Child of the Dimension would be condensed to repair the Great Thousand World.
"If I'm not wrong, this little monster should be condensed by the Great Thousand World to repair the Ascension Passage. He's the spokesperson of the Great Thousand World!" Xun judged.
The Ascension Passage of this Great Thousand World was destroyed by the True Dragon Clan, so many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were unable to ascend. That was why the Great Thousand World condensed a Child of the Dimension. Xun's analysis was not without reason.
"But the character of this Child of the Dimension is a little too strange. It seems that the process of his birth is a little complicated," Xun said, shaking her head.
When the Great Thousand World needed to repair itself, a Child of the Dimension would descend. The Child of the Dimension also had to go through the mystery of the womb. After being born, he would grow up like a normal warrior. When he reached adulthood, he would discover his mission and use the power of the dimension to repair the dimension.
However, the little monster's background was indeed too complicated. Because of his appearance, he was abandoned in the Seven Waters Forest since he was young.
Because he was a Child of the Dimension, the Ferocious Beasts did not reject him. They regarded him as one of their own and raised him.
After that, the Nine Cauldron Martial House's martial artists entered the Seven Children's Forest to train. In other words, they slaughtered Vicious Beasts, which naturally angered the little monster. In the end, the little monster stood on the opposite side of the humans, and that was how it grew into a child of the plane with such a personality.
Next, Xun smiled and said, "But your chance has come. The Child of the Plane is the embodiment of the Plane's Will. He is the condensed body of the Plane. If he uses his True Yuan, he will emit a natural talent that will allow you to comprehend more. This effect is even better than the Rising Dragon Platform and the Tower of Sin's Light of Creation!"
The Rising Dragon Platform and the Tower of Sin's Light of Creation were targeted at all races, but the natural talent of the Child of the Dimension was the amalgamation of all the rules of this dimension. Luo Zheng was born in this dimension, so the effect was naturally much better.
"I see!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
"Try to fight with him as much as possible. The longer you fight, the greater the benefits you will gain …" Xun continued to advise.
Luo Zheng and Xun were quietly communicating. The little monster saw this and noticed the changes in Luo Zheng's expression. Then, it grinned and said, "Hehehe, since you worked so hard to force me to use my True Yuan, I naturally have to repay you!"
After that, the Quintessential Essence in the little monster's hand suddenly exploded. The Quintessential Essence that was transmitted from the Quintessential Essence was extremely obscure. Then, the Quintessential Essence transformed into a long spear that suddenly cut through the air and shot towards Luo Zheng with a sharp whistle!
This golden long spear was extraordinarily powerful. How could Luo Zheng take it head-on? He suddenly twisted his body and dodged the long spear.
However, the long spear's power did not stop there. It continued to pierce through Luo Zheng's back. Behind him was the barrier formed by the Divine Sea Realm expert. Previously, even the phoenix's Nirvana Flame could not destroy this barrier. However, this golden spear pierced through it!
The Divine Sea Realm expert who formed the barrier changed his expression slightly. With a wave of his hand, the big hole in the barrier was instantly repaired.
The Divine Sea Realm experts were aware of this scene. This was also one of the many mysteries of the little monster. His True Yuan contained a strange law, which seemed to be able to restrain all the forces in the world.
The True Yuan long spear released by the little monster was not powerful enough to pierce through the barrier. Instead, it directly dissolved the True Yuan in the barrier.
They did not know that the little monster was the Child of the Plane. Even the little monster himself did not know that he had integrated all the natural talents in the Great Thousand World. Of course, this included all the natural talents of human beings.
Therefore, in this Great Thousand World, the little monster had an absolute home advantage.
With the cultivation of the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, the little monster could defeat most of the Life and Death Realm experts. Only the Divine Sea Realm experts could suppress him!
This was because the Divine Sea Realm experts had their own Realm, which was the law created by themselves. If the law of the Realm was strong enough, it could weaken the influence of the will of the Great Thousand World.
However, at this stage, the Divine Sea Realm experts could still control the little monster. However, if this guy was allowed to grow and break through the Life and Death Realm, it would be hard to say.
Seeing the effect of his attack, the little monster was very satisfied. The will of the Great Thousand World had not awakened. Therefore, he was now just a monster with a twisted personality. Killing warriors was one of his hobbies. An opponent like Luo Zheng was becoming more and more difficult to find!
"Hahahaha …"
The little monster burst into wild laughter. The golden True Yuan gushed out like a tide, turning into golden long spears that pierced toward Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng dodged these golden long spears, he also felt the golden light escaping. In an instant, Luo Zheng also absorbed a lot of it!
"Just as I thought." Luo Zheng's heart moved slightly. His dantian began to spin rapidly as if it was on fire.
The natural talent emitted from these golden long spears was much more effective than the Light of Creation!
Luo Zheng had stayed in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm for some time. Originally, Luo Zheng could have cultivated to the peak of the War Revered Realm in the Sin Tower. However, because he was worried about Luo Yan, he chose to return to the Central Domain. Then, in the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng broke through to the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm, and his cultivation stopped at this realm.
However, he had already felt that he was about to break through. With the help of these natural talents, the opportunity to step into the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm appeared.
"Hehe! It feels good, doesn't it? " The little monster stared at Luo Zheng with a ferocious smile. "Do you feel that your mind is clear? Even your cultivation has become more profound?"
Luo Zheng did not speak. He continued to shuttle through space to avoid the golden long spears. At the same time, he absorbed the natural talent emitted from the golden True Yuan.
The little monster naturally knew that the things it released had the ability to increase one's cultivation. However, because the will of the Great Thousand World had not awakened, it did not know that this thing was actually called natural talent.
Seeing this scene, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face darkened. This was not the result he wanted. Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Bai Yuerong's goal was to let the little monster kill Luo Zheng. However, the little monster inexplicably used his True Yuan and benefited from Luo Zheng!
"This guy is absorbing the little monster's natural talent!" These Divine Sea Realm powerhouses did not know that this kind of power was called natural talent. Therefore, they gave it a name, natural talent.
The little monster's natural talent was not unlimited. After releasing too much of it, it would revert to a greenish gray color. It would also lose the effect of enhancing the opponent's talent. In order to maintain this effect, the Nine Cauldrons Martial House would secretly kill some geniuses every once in a while and let the little monster devour them. Only in this way could his True Yuan regain its golden color.
In other words, the little monster's ability was to devour the talents of other warriors. Then, it would disperse those talents and let other warriors absorb them.
In the beginning, the little monster did not intend to use the power of True Yuan. However, it could only be defeated by Luo Zheng with its physical body. Now that Luo Zheng had discovered the little monster's secret, he simply surrounded the little monster and started to absorb the natural talent of the little monster. This was outrageous!