The little monster didn't seem to mind that Luo Zheng was absorbing his natural talent. From his point of view, Luo Zheng wasn't necessarily more abominable than the Divine Sea Realm warriors on the stairs!
But since he had promised Bai Yuerong this time, there was no reason for him to let Luo Zheng leave here alive.
Hundreds of golden spears pierced out in a row, instantly riddling the entire barrier with holes. The Divine Sea Realm warrior could only repair this huge barrier time and time again.
The little monster's attacks were indeed fierce. It seemed that he was suppressing Luo Zheng inside the barrier. But that was just a way for the little monster to vent his anger. It didn't cause too much trouble for Luo Zheng.
However, after the little monster vented his anger to a certain extent, a creepy smile suddenly appeared on the corner of his mouth. "It's about time. Now it's time to send you to hell!"
Then his figure suddenly flashed. Taking advantage of the moment when Luo Zheng was crossing the space, he intercepted Luo Zheng first. The distance between him and Luo Zheng was less than two feet.
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly froze. He punched at the little monster abruptly. But at this moment, the little monster stretched out his hand and blocked it gently!
With such a gentle block, Luo Zheng's power was eliminated into nothingness!
This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to be astonished!
How was this possible?
Luo Zheng was afraid of being entangled by this little monster. After all, this guy was a big trouble for Luo Zheng. Therefore, he directly activated the power of 800 dragon scales. Although this wasn't Luo Zheng's limit, it was already 70% to 80% of his power!
Even a Divine Sea Realm warrior couldn't dissolve his attack so easily. But this little monster did it.
It was as if Luo Zheng's power was mixed with thousands of tons of force. It was like a punch thrown by a child, which didn't cause any harm to the little monster …
But after one breath, on a mountain beside the West Dragon River, a loud noise suddenly burst out.
"Boom!"
That mountain range was at least ten thousand feet high, and it was not a small mountain beside the West Dragon River. This mountain and a mountain on the other side of the West Dragon River were called the Hidden Dragon Gorge, and it was also a relatively famous gorge in the Divine Kingdom Continent.
Now, the mountain suddenly erupted with such a vigorous force. Then, the entire mountain range began to crack and collapse from the middle. Rolling boulders fell into the West Dragon River. The river water, which was originally rolling non-stop, was now surging with monstrous waves!
A Mountain collapsed with a loud bang.
"What's going on? There is no one's's on the West Dragon River. "
"I don't know. I was watching the battle between Luo Tianxing and the little monster. Luo Tianxing is also born with divine strength. His strength is so strong that it makes people's hair stand on end. However, the little monster easily took it.
...... "...
People were talking about it. They were getting more and more confused about the situation.
Luo Zheng looked dignified. He quickly withdrew his fist. Gritting his teeth, he accumulated a shocking force in his right fist again. This time, Luo Zheng activated all the power of the dragon scales. The Vital Spirit in his body burst out together with the power of the dragon scales.
All the power poured into Luo Zheng's fist. If this punch could hit a Divine Sea Realm warrior, he would be killed instantly!
But the little monster still didn't dodge. He reached out his hand toward Luo Zheng again.
"Bang!"
When Luo Zheng's fist hit the little monster's palm, the little monster still didn't move. At the same time, another loud noise burst out from another mountain on the West Dragon River.
"Boom …"
The second mountain collapsed …
The little monster grinned at Luo Zheng and said, "Interesting, isn't it?"
"The power has been transferred." Luo Zheng frowned.
The little monster chuckled and moved closer to Luo Zheng. He was not afraid of Luo Zheng at all. Instead, his face was full of arrogance. "Actually, it's quite boring to see you guys who think you're so talented and think you're so special every day …"
After saying that, the little monster turned his back to Luo Zheng. This time, he was facing many Divine Sea Realm warriors. "You call yourselves Divine Sea Realm geniuses, but it takes thousands of years to reach the Divine Sea Realm. You guys are geniuses? You're just a pile of sh * t. Hahahaha! "
"Just now, this guy called Luo Tianxing, no, Luo Zheng, performed so well! A piece of sh * t like him can suppress the geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms. I can imagine that you guys are the sh * t of sh * t! Hahaha! "The little monster continued to laugh wildly.
By saying that, he had offended all the geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms.
However, the little monster didn't care. He didn't belong to the four Divine Kingdoms, nor did he belong to the Nine Tripod Martial Mansion. As for those Divine Sea Realm warriors, he must kill them in the future!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the other Monarchs frowned as well. This little monster was eccentric and strange. If it wasn't for the fact that they were helpless against Luo Zheng, they wouldn't have sent him to deal with Luo Zheng …
However, none of the Divine Sea Realm warriors came out to reprimand the little monster. They were counting on the little monster's divine power. In the end, they couldn't do anything to him. They could only let him do whatever he wanted.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
After thinking for a while, Xun said, "This should be the ability of the Son of the Dimension. My cultivation hasn't reached the Realm of Realm Lord, so I can't rule a big world. The Realm Lords of the big worlds in the Upper World also have a similar ability!"
When a Realm Lord took control of a big world, he could use the big world to help him bear the damage. For example, when two Realm Lords fought each other, they usually didn't suffer much damage. However, the stars in the big worlds they ruled would explode one by one.
Therefore, the battle between Realm Lords was often earth-shattering. It could easily destroy thousands of stars!
The little monster wasn't a Realm Lord, but he was the Son of the Dimension after all. He was the incarnation of the Will of the Vast Thousand World. It was normal for him to have this ability.
"In other words, this guy is really immortal?" Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"Not really. If you reach the Divine Sea Realm and your Realm is strong enough, you can cover him in your Realm and cut off his connection with the Vast Thousand World. He won't be able to do anything …" Xun said lightly.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. The Divine Sea Realm was still quite far away for Luo Zheng. The problem was, what should he do now?
After venting his anger, the little monster found that the god-level geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms were all silent. No one jumped out to refute him. He suddenly felt bored.
What he hoped to see the most was to infuriate these idiots and then trample on him. He wanted to give these fellows a double blow mentally and physically. However, no one responded. It was indeed a little boring.
At this time, the little monster turned his head. Those dark eyes were full of madness. "I forgot that the battle between you and me hasn't ended yet …"
As soon as the little monster finished speaking, Luo Zheng suddenly distanced himself from him.
"Are you afraid? It's too late. "The little monster smiled strangely." Your talent is indeed much higher than those pigs. I think your taste should be better! "
After saying that, the little monster suddenly pounced on Luo Zheng, revealing a set of sharp teeth at the same time.
"Whoosh!"
At this time, even Luo Zheng felt a strong sense of crisis.
If this guy could really transfer 100% of his power, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to do anything to him.
With Luo Zheng's current power, he could indeed make mountains collapse and rivers stop flowing. However, how vast was the Vast Thousand World? His power poured onto the little monster, but it would be transferred to the Vast Thousand World. Luo Zheng couldn't destroy the entire Vast Thousand World. Not to mention he couldn't do it, even those powerful figures in the Divine Sea Realm couldn't do it!
Maybe the person who took away Luo Yan in the Void Spirit Sect could do it.
Therefore, at this moment, Luo Zheng didn't fight back again. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he instantly distanced himself from the little monster.
However, the entire Bounded Domain was only so big. How could Luo Zheng avoid the little monster's attack?
At this time, Zhou Huang suddenly said, "Luo Zheng, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom admits defeat!"
＝＝＝＝＝