On the path of martial arts, Luo Zheng had never admitted defeat. Even though Luo Zheng was in a dire situation, he had never thought of admitting defeat.
However, the Monarch of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Huang, could not hold it in any longer.
Zhou Huang's character was similar to King Yan's. Compared to Crown Prince Zhou Ning, King Yan and Zhou Huang were more affectionate.
This battle did not involve any life-or-death benefits. Winning or losing was just a matter of reputation. It was not as if the Black Iron Divine Kingdom would have to abdicate if Luo Zheng lost. If that was the case, Luo Zheng would not have to represent the Black Iron Divine Kingdom!
A loss was a loss; it was no big deal. Not to mention that Luo Zheng had come out and defeated Yun Longtao and Huo Yuner. He had already won back the face that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had lost.
Other than this little monster, who else in the four Divine Kingdoms dared to challenge Luo Zheng? The Crown Princes? These Crown Princes might be slightly stronger than Yun Longtao, but they were no match for Huo Yuner. They would never challenge Luo Zheng!
As for the little monster, it had always been a mystery. Even after so many Spirit Sea Realm warriors had studied it for so many years, they still couldn't solve the mystery of its origin. Judging from its bestial nature, it was not a human being at all!
Zhou Huang's guess was probably right. The little monster was indeed not a human. He was just an incarnation of the will of the Vast Thousand World, the Son of the Plane. He was equivalent to a representative created by the Vast Thousand World.
Therefore, Zhou Huang was certain that Luo Zheng had no better way to deal with the little monster. If this continued, the little monster would really eat Luo Zheng's head. This was not something Zhou Huang wanted to see.
After hearing his father's words, King Yan heaved a sigh of relief. Luo Zheng's performance had exceeded his expectations. He had achieved his goal. Naturally, he was now worried that Luo Zheng would be killed by the little monster. Since his father had stopped him, Luo Zheng should be safe.
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Bai Yuerong did not look good. Bai Yuerong said coldly to Zhou Huang, "Monarch Zhou Huang, I'm afraid this is not good."
Zhou Huang smiled faintly. He still maintained a respectful attitude towards the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect, so he asked back, "Before we opened the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, it was just a competition to liven things up. It's just that after so many years, it has slowly become a competition for the four Divine Kingdoms to evaluate the strength of the younger generation. Since it's a competition, it's normal to admit defeat.
Compared to Zhou Huang, Bai Yuerong was merely a fledgling. After hearing Zhou Huang's long speech, how could she have anything to say?
Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed coldly. "Zhou Huang, since you said that Luo Zheng is from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he injured Yun Longtao from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. Now that he is no match for the little monster from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, isn't it a little too small a price to pay to leave?"
Zhou Huang naturally knew that Battle Emperor Yu the Great was not willing to give up. His words were just to pick on Luo Zheng. He smiled faintly and said, "When warriors fight, it is inevitable that they will lose. This is a normal thing. Liu Zan, I'm sure you know this, right?"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed and suddenly said loudly, "The warriors from the Great Yu Divine Kingdom and the Black Iron Divine Kingdom are in the midst of a fierce battle. If we admit defeat now, it will be a pity. I believe that Luo Tianxing will also feel regretful. In order to not have any regrets, the two of you can decide the winner with one move!"
Zhou Huang's face darkened when he heard Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words. Liu Zan was too much. Zhou Huang had already announced that the Black Iron Divine Kingdom had lost and that he had admitted defeat on behalf of Luo Tianxing. However, Liu Zan said it in front of everyone and wanted the two of them to exchange one move!
Although it was only one move, it would bring about many variables, especially the little monster. It could not be measured or reasoned with with common sense!
"This …" Zhou Huang was about to speak.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great continued, "Since there are no objections from either side, let's begin!"
The little monster leaned against the edge of the barrier and grinned at Luo Zheng. "Did you hear that? One move! I still have one chance. Tsk tsk, but one move is enough to kill you! "
Luo Zheng's eyes were clear, but his mind was spinning rapidly. Of course, he had heard the conversation outside the barrier. Although Zhou Huang had directly admitted defeat on behalf of him, Luo Zheng was not willing to admit defeat.
The ability of this Child of the Dimension was indeed too powerful. However, Luo Zheng might have a way to defeat it. He just hadn't thought of it yet.
Now, because of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's intervention, the two of them had to exchange one last move. How could Luo Zheng defeat the little monster with one move? This was also a test for Luo Zheng!
In fact, most people were guessing that Luo Zheng would definitely rack his brains to think of a way to avoid the little monster. However, they never expected that Luo Zheng would not even think of escaping. Instead, he chose to face the little monster head-on. He even wanted to defeat the little monster with one move …
The two of them were in a deadlock for a moment. After a moment, the little monster suddenly said, "Are you ready? Luo Zheng! I have never shown this move to outsiders before. However, I will let you see it this time. I will let you have something to talk about on your way to the underworld! Hahahaha! "
Amidst the wild laughter, the little monster suddenly emitted an astonishing aura.
This aura did not seem to belong to a human. At this moment, the little monster seemed to have turned into a towering mountain, a vast ocean, a boundless plain, and a mysterious and strange swamp …
Everything seemed to have come from the aura of the entire world!
"This is … He is using the will of the entire Great Wide World. No, he is the embodiment of the will of the Great Wide World. In other words, he is using his will to suppress me!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
Suddenly, the little monster's originally wretched and ugly temperament underwent an astonishing change. At this moment, he alone represented the Great Wide World. This was also a sign that the will of the Great Wide World was gradually awakening. The more it awakened, the more control the little monster would have over the Great Wide World!
At this moment, everyone's expressions changed.
The aura emitted by the little monster was too strong. At this moment, everyone felt incomparably small. It was as if they were facing famous mountains and rivers. Under those majestic mountains, they were like ants.
The problem was that the little monster's aura was constantly changing. Sometimes it turned into a towering mountain, and sometimes it turned into an unfathomable ocean. These natural scenes were not objects that could be conquered by humans. Even the Divine Sea Realm experts felt that they were insignificant at this moment.
Although he had helped the little monster gain an opportunity to make a move, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression was ugly. This little monster had been suppressing his strength in front of him. Battle Emperor Yu the Great maintained his cultivation at the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm. He did not expect that his strength had increased to such a level. What on earth was this guy?
At this moment, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was not the only one who felt uncomfortable. The other Divine Sea Realm experts also felt uncomfortable. This little monster was too dangerous. Since the Nine Cauldrons Martial House proposed to cultivate the little monster to the Divine Sea Realm, many people opposed it. They were afraid that they would raise a tiger that would bring calamity. This guy was not human at all. If he grew up, it would be difficult to control him.
Now, seeing the sudden burst of energy from the little monster, many Divine Sea Realm warriors were even more worried. It was true that these Divine Sea Realm warriors could cultivate with the help of the little monster's talent, but what if they couldn't control the little monster?
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng felt a white light flash in his mind. Then, a colorful will escaped into his mind!
"Is he going to use the will of the Great Wide World to kill me?"
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. He did have a soul that was close to the Blue Soul Realm in his body. However, even a Blue Soul Realm soul could not resist the will of the Great Wide World!
Almost in an instant, the colorful willpower crashed into Luo Zheng's soul.
Under the silent impact, cracks suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's originally incomparably sturdy soul.
"What a strong willpower!" Luo Zheng's soul also began to retreat.