Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He knew that he had reached the most dangerous moment.
Retreat?
This was his mind. He couldn't cast his soul out of his body and abandon his body, could he?
Unable to retreat, Luo Zheng could only fight head-on.
There was another silent collision. This time, Luo Zheng used the Frightening Divine Spike. However, the spike formed by his soul instantly broke when it hit the colorful willpower.
The willpower of the Vast Thousand World was not something that his current soul could resist. Perhaps even a soul at the peak of the Blue Soul Realm could not suppress the willpower of the Vast Thousand World …
At this time, Luo Zheng felt a sense of despair.
"Hahaha, despair, tremble! You are still too weak … "The little monster's voice echoed in Luo Zheng's mind.
At the same time, a roar suddenly came from the depths of Luo Zheng's mind.
"Roar!"
The violent roar came from Qinglong!
"Qinglong …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
At the same time, the other awakened crimson dragon roared at the same time. They couldn't break away from the mysterious furnace, but the souls of the two true dragons roared at the same time and launched a powerful attack against the colorful will!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was silent. There was a faint feeling of pain in his heart.
Qinglong and the red dragon's souls hadn't recovered much. They had only swallowed an evil spirit of the Moonkin Beast. If they were at their peak, their souls might be qualified to resist the willpower of the Vast Thousand World. However, in their current state, they were no match for the willpower of the Vast Thousand World!
"Roar, roar …"
Two soul attacks swept towards the colorful willpower, and two more silent collisions occurred.
Then, above the mysterious furnace, the colors on Qinglong and the red dragon's bodies dimmed a lot. The willpower of the Vast Thousand World only flickered for a moment, and then burst out with an even more brilliant brilliance. Then, the little monster's voice came again: "Interesting, interesting! Hahaha, there is a furnace in your body. What's with these broken dragons? Aren't these dragons super mythical beasts? They are so weak. Alas … "
Before its voice died away, the willpower of the Vast Thousand World once again collided with Luo Zheng.
Under this collision, Luo Zheng was forced to retreat. He felt his soul constantly trembling. There were more and more cracks on its surface, as if it would collapse at any time. For Luo Zheng, this was the real edge of life and death!
He was afraid that he wouldn't be able to survive the next collision. Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of despair.
"Beg for mercy! Haha! Even if you beg for mercy, I won't let you go. However, you should put on a posture that suits your current situation. Isn't that right, Luo Zheng?" The little monster grinned.
Of course, Luo Zheng would not beg for mercy. He knew that begging for mercy was useless, so how could he compromise with the little monster? .....................................................
....... It's this expression that makes me very unhappy! " Seeing Luo Zheng's stubborn and calm face, the little monster said coldly. It had decided to directly attack.
The next moment, the willpower of the Vast Thousand World emitted a gorgeous luster and collided with Luo Zheng....
... Luo Zheng slowly closed his eyes. His soul would probably scatter after one breath.
But at this moment, another soul collided. The fierceness of this soul was no less than that of the willpower of the Vast Thousand World. It forcibly knocked the willpower of the Vast Thousand World away.
Luo Zheng opened his eyes, revealing a look of grief. "Xun …"
Xun's soul had been baptized by the Holy Tree in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. But after all, it was only a strand of her soul. Even though it had grown a lot under such nourishment, it was still unable to resist the powerful willpower.
Xun's expression also dimmed. Cracks appeared on the surface of her soul. But she coldly said to Luo Zheng, "You can't die."
"But …" Luo Zheng originally wanted to say that he really had no way to resist the willpower of the Vast Thousand World.
Not to mention that he had no way to resist it, who in the entire Vast Thousand World could resist this willpower? Although the little monster was still unable to use all of the willpower of the Vast Thousand World, just using a part of it was enough to kill Luo Zheng.
Xun coldly said, "Qing Xuan, right? Are you still hiding that thing and unwilling to use it even if your soul is damaged? "
"Using this thing involves too many things. Last time, when I refined Luo Zheng's soul, they already noticed. If I use it again …" Qinglong replied worriedly.
However, Xun said to Qinglong in an extremely serious tone, "The most important thing is to survive! Trust me, Luo Zheng is the most suitable candidate! "
Qinglong and Xun, one from the True Dragon Clan, the other from the Demon Night Clan. The True Dragon Realm and the big worlds occupied by the Demon Night Clan were relatively far apart, so they were not familiar with each other. However, they were both well-known figures in the Upper Realm and had heard of each other.
Now, both of them placed their remnant souls on Luo Zheng and placed all their hopes on Luo Zheng.
After hearing Xun's words, Qinglong was silent for a moment. Then, he faintly replied, "You're right. Since we've already come this far, I should trust Luo Zheng …"
At this moment, the huge mysterious furnace in the depths of Luo Zheng's mind suddenly started spinning. At the same time, the furnace's surface began to slowly open!
At the same time, the raging black flames in the mysterious furnace appeared.
"What, what is this?!" The little monster suddenly discovered the furnace, and its voice finally revealed a hint of panic.
Just by looking at the black flames in the mysterious furnace, the little monster felt a sense of fear. It was as if the black flames could burn everything, including the heavens and the earth!
Although the little monster's personality was wild, it grew up in the Seven Waters Forest, and its habits were similar to that of a ferocious beast. It was extremely sensitive to the slightest sign of danger. The moment it discovered the mysterious furnace, it sensed that something was wrong. Although Luo Zheng's soul was close at hand, it only needed one more collision to destroy Luo Zheng's soul.
However, due to its instinctive fear and caution, the little monster chose to retreat at this critical moment!
The colorful willpower began to retreat rapidly, wanting to escape from Luo Zheng's mind!
"Oh, you want to escape? It's too late … "Qinglong sighed softly.
Immediately after, a wave of seven-colored rays of light emerged from the mysterious furnace. The rays of light swept gently and immediately drew the willpower of the Great Wide World into it. Then, the rays of light flashed slightly and directly drew the willpower into the mysterious furnace.
Xun's soul was very weak, but after seeing this scene, a smile appeared on her pale face. "After refining the willpower of the Great Thousand World, you can absorb it. If the absorption is successful, you will inherit the willpower of the Great Thousand World. In other words, you will become the Child of this Dimension …"
While Xun was speaking, Luo Zheng's soul, which was full of cracks, floated toward her. He opened his arms and hugged her in his arms.
The two broken souls hugged each other in his mind.
A stunned expression appeared on Xun's face when Luo Zheng hugged her. A bright light flashed within her fiery red eyes. Soon after, she pursed her lips slightly and shut her eyes.
The mysterious furnace was still rotating slowly. After all, it was the willpower of the Great Thousand World. Even if the furnace wanted to completely refine it, it would not be an easy task.
In the square, everyone stared blankly at the sky. Luo Zheng and the little monster's bodies were motionless. The two seemed to be engaged in a battle at the soul level.
"Luo Zheng has already shown the strength of his soul! His soul is not weaker than a Divine Sea Realm expert! The little monster is really confident. He actually used his soul to suppress Luo Zheng … "
"But didn't you see the aura that the little monster emitted just now? This guy is not human at all. I feel that at that moment, he represented the whole world. What kind of nonsense has this little monster cultivated?