For a full 30 minutes, Luo Zheng and the little monster maintained their previous postures, motionless like statues.
Usually, a confrontation at the soul level would happen in an instant, and it would rarely last for so long. Everyone felt more and more puzzled.
The mysterious furnace continued to rotate. After a while, the surface of the mysterious furnace opened again, and the colorful willpower left the furnace and floated quietly in Luo Zheng's mind, emitting a pure five-colored light.
"The willpower of the Vast Thousand World seems to have become unusually pure," Luo Zheng said softly as he looked at the willpower emitting a gorgeous luster.
Previously, under the little monster's control, the willpower of the Vast Thousand World contained a trace of evil energy. It should be the little monster's nature that affected the willpower of the Vast Thousand World.
At this time, Qinglong said slowly, "That guy's soul has been refined, and now the willpower of the Vast Thousand World has become an ownerless object. Luo Zheng, you can swallow this willpower."
Of course, he was referring to the little monster. Refining the soul of the little monster was equivalent to purifying the willpower of the Vast Thousand World.
Xun let go of Luo Zheng's hand and smiled faintly. There was a trace of exhaustion in her eyes, and then she said to Luo Zheng, "Go."
Luo Zheng did not notice Xun's tired face. He nodded and slowly approached the pure willpower. When Luo Zheng approached a certain distance, the pure willpower suddenly moved away from Luo Zheng. It was escaping from Luo Zheng's attempt to swallow it!
Although the willpower of the Vast Thousand World had not awakened, it could sense Luo Zheng's actions and was unwilling to be swallowed by Luo Zheng.
However, no matter how it escaped, it was still wandering in Luo Zheng's mind. Without anyone controlling it, it could not escape from Luo Zheng's mind. How could it escape from Luo Zheng's pursuit?
Not long after that, Luo Zheng's soul finally caught up with the willpower. Right when he made contact with it, his soul trembled, and a huge amount of information flooded into Luo Zheng's mind!
At this moment, Luo Zheng was immersed in a huge illusion, and he saw a whole world!
"Is this the projection of the entire Vast Thousand World?"
There were countless mountains, countless rivers, boundless oceans, and trillions of living beings living there …
Numerous human faces appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The number of faces was extremely shocking. Some of them were ordinary mortals, some were Xiantian warriors, and some were Divine Core warriors, Void Tribulation warriors, and even Divine Sea warriors …
"Are these all the living beings in the entire Vast Thousand World?"
Those figures appeared in front of Luo Zheng and disappeared in an instant. At this moment, Luo Zheng actually browsed through all the humans in the entire Great Wide World!
"That's Xia Shuang, Xia Shuang from the Purple Heart Sacred Land!"
The images flashed too quickly, and Luo Zheng only managed to catch a glimpse of Xia Shuang's figure. After all, although Luo Zheng's range of activities was vast, the number of people he knew in the entire Vast Thousand World was too small. Perhaps, it was only one in a trillion …
After that, all sorts of ferocious beasts and demons appeared. All the races and ferocious beasts in the Vast Thousand World, whether they lived in the forests, secret realms, mountains, oceans, or forests, they were all innumerable. They were like pictures that kept unfolding in front of Luo Zheng's eyes, and then they disappeared in an instant.
When all the images disappeared, Luo Zheng could vaguely feel that a huge memory had appeared in his mind!
"This memory seems to contain information about all the living beings from the ancient times to the present. This is the memory of the Vast Thousand World itself!" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. "I wonder if I can read this memory …"
With just a thought, a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Reading this memory seemed to be as simple as instinct for him.
Soon, Luo Zheng found Ning Yudie …
At this time, Ning Yudie was still lying quietly in the Tianchen Hall. The images in the memory were very clear, as if Luo Zheng could reach out and touch them!
After setting off to the Divine Kingdom, Luo Zheng was most worried about Ning Yudie. Although he had replenished some Holy Spirit Energy through the Life Origin Stone, it was just a drop in the bucket. Now that he saw that Ning Yudie was safe and sound, Luo Zheng's face revealed a relieved smile.
The Will of the Vast Thousand World had such a wonderful use. Luo Zheng was very impressed. In this way, there were no secrets in the Vast Thousand World to Luo Zheng.
Then Luo Zheng withdrew from the memory. At this time, he was shocked to find that his soul had been completely repaired when he devoured the Will of the Vast Thousand World. The cracks on the surface of his soul had disappeared, and in addition to the dark green color of his soul, there was an additional colorful color in his soul!
"After refining the Will of the Vast Thousand World, I will become the Son of the Plane!" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes fell on Xun.
His soul had been repaired, but the surface of Xun's soul was still covered with dense cracks. At this time, Xun looked a little dispirited, and her fiery red pupils were constantly dimming.
In the confrontation with the Will of the Vast Thousand World, not only did Luo Zheng's soul suffer heavy damage, but Xun, Qinglong, and Chi Long's soul also suffered different degrees of damage.
Seeing Luo Zheng's eyes, Xun smiled faintly at Luo Zheng. "Don't worry, I'm fine. I just need to rest for a while."
Luo Zheng shook his head, and then said seriously, "I will help you restore your soul."
At this time, Qinglong said faintly, "By the time you restore her soul, I'm afraid it will have disappeared."
Qinglong's words immediately made Luo Zheng's heart tremble. He then asked nervously, "Qinglong, what do you mean?"
Qinglong then said, "Although her soul has been baptized by the life force of the Demon Night Clan, her soul itself is still too weak. There is only a trace of it left, and now her soul is on the verge of disintegration …"
Xun didn't say anything.
She was very clear about the state of her soul. Although her soul had been strengthened by the life force of the Demon Night Clan through a secret method, she was still a remnant soul and had almost no ability to self-repair.
Therefore, Xun only smiled faintly, but her smile was somewhat forced.
Of course, she didn't want to die. Or rather, she didn't want to truly disappear. She still had a great enmity with the Demon Night Clan, and it was still too early for her soul to be destroyed.
However, it wasn't up to her to decide whether her soul would disintegrate …
"Is there no way to restore Xun's soul?" Luo Zheng asked.
"There is," Qinglong replied.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng immediately asked.
If Xun's soul was destroyed because of him, it would become the most frustrating thing in Luo Zheng's life. As long as there was a trace of hope, he would do his best to fight for it!
"That thing is called Soul Nourishing Wood. It can let a soul rest in it and slowly nourish it," Qinglong said faintly.
Soul Nourishing Wood …
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, and he clenched his teeth. What was that thing? He hadn't even heard of it, so how was he supposed to find it?
"It's something from the Upper Realm, so it's normal that you haven't heard of it," Xun said faintly. She didn't have much hope in finding Soul Nourishing Wood in the Lower Realm, and a look of compromise appeared on her face.
The Upper Realm!
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, and he said, "I can enter the True Dragon World to search for it!"
After the Martial Arts Conference in Tianqi City, the Rising Dragon Stage fell into the hands of the Void Spirit Sect. Although the Void Spirit Sect was destroyed, it was still occupied by the Tian Xie Sect. Later on, the Rising Dragon Stage was taken away by the World Business Alliance, and after a detour, it returned to Tianqi City.
Ascending to the Upper Realm wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng.
"I can't wait that long. Looking at this little girl from the Demon Night Clan, she can probably last for a day or two at most," Qinglong said faintly.
A day or two …
Even if Luo Zheng gave up on exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to rush back to the Central Domain in a day or two.
Moreover, if Luo Zheng gave up on exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, he would have to wait for another year to obtain the Origin Stone of Life, and Ning Yudie wouldn't be able to last for much longer.
At this time, Luo Zheng couldn't help but clench his teeth, and he became even more anxious. What should he do?
His eyes flashed, and he finally noticed a large mass of memories. Could he find the Soul Nourishing Wood in this mass of memories?
＝＝＝＝＝