Since Luo Zheng had fused with the will of the Great Thousand World, the vast amount of memories belonged to Luo Zheng himself. It was just that Luo Zheng was unable to completely digest these memories, so he could only enter them and look through them.
Of course, looking through the memories was something that could be done with a single thought.
With regards to the information about the Soul Nurturing Wood, Luo Zheng quickly came up with it!
"There really is! And it's in the Divine Kingdom Continent! "Luo Zheng's heart slightly jumped.
Soon, he found the origin of the Soul Cultivation Wood …
The Saintess of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was actually a Saintess of the Esoteric Sect. It was because of the Esoteric Sect that they were able to open something called the "Reverse Spirit Channel". The resources of the Esoteric Sect from the Upper Realm were endlessly sent down through the Reverse Spirit Channel.
How rich were the resources of the Upper Realm? Some of the things that could only be considered trash in the Upper Realm were like treasures in the Lower Realm.
Looking through these memories, Luo Zheng also noticed that the treasures that were sent down through the Reverse Spirit Channel were mostly distributed to the Four Great Divine Kingdoms!
As for the Soul Cultivation Wood, there were three sections that were sent down through the Reverse Spirit Channel!
Two of them had been used. These two sections contained the souls of two almighty Divine Ocean Realm experts. Those two almighty Divine Ocean Realm experts had entered the Five Decay of Heaven and Man and were nearing the end of their lifespan.
Even they were unable to resist the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. In the end, they had no choice but to abandon their physical bodies and parasitize their souls in the Soul Cultivation Wood.
Now, there was only one section left, but it was in the hands of the Tianfeng Divine Kingdom, in the hands of the Tianfeng War Emperor!
The Soul Cultivation Wood's function was similar to Immortal Tian Miao's crystal ball. Back then, Immortal Tian Miao had also parasitized his soul in the crystal ball, which was why his soul was able to struggle at death's door. This Tianfeng War Emperor was an ancient powerhouse who had lived for over ten thousand years. Perhaps this section of Soul Cultivation Wood was prepared for him. If one day, he entered the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, he could parasitize his soul in it …
A section of Soul Cultivation Wood was enough to allow his soul to live for another thousand years.
After withdrawing from the memory, Luo Zheng's face was filled with determination. No matter what price he had to pay, he had to get this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!
At this time, Luo Zheng looked over again. The exhaustion on Xun's face was even more intense, and the cracks on the surface of her soul seemed to be getting bigger and bigger. It seemed that she wouldn't be able to hold on for more than half a day.
"Luo Zheng, I … I'm a little sleepy." Smoky blinked her eyes. Her red pupils, which were originally sharp and threatening, were now in a dull state.
Luo Zheng floated over and gently stroked Smoky's face. He said softly, "Take a rest if you're tired. I'll help you ask for the Soul Cultivation Wood!"
At the same time, in the Sky Feather Holy Grounds of the Sea God Continent, a commotion suddenly broke out in the Holy Tree Hall.
"My king, my king … what's wrong?!"
"The king's statue seems to be getting dimmer and dimmer. It's almost on the verge of being extinguished!"
"Could something have happened to Luo Zheng? Go and call Liu Yu over!"
The extinguishing of a king's statue was definitely a huge earthquake for the Night Demon Clan!
In fact, this earthquake didn't just happen in the Sky Feather Holy Grounds. In the millions of worlds, there were millions of sacred grounds of the Night Demon Clan. The members of the Night Demon Clan all discovered this anomaly at the same time, and every single one of them was filled with worry!
In the Upper World, the various worlds controlled by the Night Demon Clan were also paying close attention to the changes in the king's statues.
The Fiend Night Clan controlled many great realms in the Upper Realm, and these great realms were built around three great realms. These three great realms represented the three kings of the Fiend Night Clan. They were the Dark Demon Realm, the Celestial Fox Realm, and the Blood Night Realm!
At this moment, on a star at the center of the Dark Demon Realm, a woman in a light blue feather robe coldly looked at the three king's statues. Her gaze was fixed on the King of Massacre's statue.
"Hahaha, this little bitch is still so stubborn. It seems that she's about to die! I originally planned to use the reverse spirit channel to send a few people down to kill that person in the Battle of the Worlds, but now I don't have to do it myself! "
This woman was the ruler of the Night Demon Clan, the ruler of punishment!
In the past, her king's statue had clashed with Luo Zheng, and in the end, Luo Zheng had smashed the statue. She was also Xun's greatest enemy.
When she noticed that Xun's statue was growing dimmer and dimmer, she knew that Xun's soul was probably about to collapse.
In fact, when she clashed with Xun last time, she knew that Xun was living in the body of a person in the Battle of the Worlds. She had panicked a little. No matter what, as long as Xun was still alive, the Night Demon Clan couldn't establish a new King of Massacre. This was a worry for her!
How could she not be happy when she saw that Xun's king's statue had dimmed to its limit?
…
…
Within the barrier, Luo Zheng finally opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, he suddenly felt a strong sense of familiarity. It was as if the entire world had changed before his eyes!
Everything around him felt incomparably familiar. Every person, every face, as long as he willed it, he could know their names, their past, and even their secrets with just a thought.
Other than people, he could even trace the origin and origin of every tree, every leaf, and every grain of sand.
Of course, Luo Zheng wasn't that bored. He wasn't interested in investigating these things.
When he opened his eyes, the little monster was still standing there like a block of wood. Luo Zheng slowly walked over and gently pushed the little monster's forehead. The little monster fell to the ground with a loud bang.
The little monster's soul had been cleansed by the mysterious furnace. Now, the little monster was like a walking corpse. No matter how tenacious his vitality was, he wouldn't be able to live for long.
"Wow …"
Seeing this scene, the cultivators were in an uproar.
"Luo Tianxing won! Luo Tianxing really won!"
"That little monster is courting death. He actually used a soul attack on Luo Tianxing. Will he become an idiot?"
"Oh my god, if the little monster becomes an idiot, will the Nine Cauldrons Martial House let Luo Tianxing go?"
For the Immortal Realm geniuses below, the little monster's life wasn't important. Anyway, under normal circumstances, they wouldn't have the chance to practice with the little monster and absorb its innate ability.
What's more, the little monster's original appearance was loathsome. There were many people who loathed the little monster. Huo Yuner was one of them. When she saw Luo Zheng's victory, a gratified smile appeared on her face. She had never killed anything in her life, but to Huo Yuner, the little monster was like a nightmare. Even if the little monster died, she would not feel pity for it.
Many Immortal Realm geniuses felt good, but the Divine Sea Realm cultivators' faces were very ugly.
These Divine Sea Realm cultivators were still waiting for the little monster to enter the Life and Death Realm. After entering the Life and Death Realm, the little monster's innate ability would be effective for the Divine Sea Realm cultivators. It could help them break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
When a martial artist cultivated to their level, this was probably their only pursuit.
But now, the little monster's soul had been annihilated by Luo Zheng.
Even Zhou Huang's face was a bit ugly.
"Luo Zheng! How dare you annihilate the little monster's soul! You're courting death! " Battle Emperor Yu the Great was extremely angry. As the monarch of Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great, he had never been so angry with a junior.
Hearing Battle Emperor Yu the Great's furious expression, many Immortal Realm geniuses' faces changed. Zhou Huang and the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators' eyes flickered. It seemed that Battle Emperor Yu the Great was going to make a move.
Zhou Huang sighed deeply in his heart. He regretted it. Maybe he should have warned Luo Zheng that he shouldn't have annihilated the little monster's soul. What was the difference between this and killing the little monster?
However, Zhou Huang and the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators were also puzzled. How did Luo Zheng annihilate the little monster's soul?
They had studied the little monster for all these years, but they couldn't solve the mystery of the little monster. However, they knew that the little monster was basically immortal.
Not only was its body immortal, but its soul was also very special. It was constantly emitting a strange light. Even the Battle Soul of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator couldn't compete with the little monster's soul!