At this moment, Zhou Huang refused to speak. However, Prince Yan couldn't hold it in any longer. He helped Luo Zheng and said, "Monarch of Dayu Country, it's unavoidable for martial artists to make mistakes in fighting dolls. Why do you say that Luo Tianxing is courting death?"
The fact that King Yan was willing to stand out and speak to Battle God Yu the Great at this moment was already praiseworthy.
"Shut up! Who do you think you are? If you dare to speak again, I will turn you into ashes immediately! "Battle Emperor Yu Country was furious as he shouted at King Yan.
Although King Yan was highly regarded by Zhou Huang, he was just a prince in the Black Iron Divine Nation. He wasn't even the Crown Prince. Even his father, Zhou Huang, didn't say anything. How could King Yan speak?
However, Zhou Huang couldn't take it anymore. After all, King Yan was Zhou Huang's son. Zhou Huang said coldly, "Liu Zan, what do you mean?"
"What do I mean? Hmph! " Battle Emperor Yu Country didn't have time to waste on Zhou Huang. He only wanted to vent his anger on Luo Zheng.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng laughed maniacally and said, "Haha, Battle Emperor Yu Country, you are the King of the Divine Nation and the Emperor of the warriors! Don't you know the rules? Just now, the little monster wanted to destroy my soul. If I didn't retaliate, would I have allowed him to destroy my soul? "
"If I didn't retaliate, I would have been the one to have my soul destroyed. That would have been courting death! In the end, you would have said that you deserved it! "
"On the other hand, you, the King of the Divine Nation, are so magnanimous. You have lost the battle and made a fool of yourself!"
Luo Zheng's words were powerful and resonating!
Battle Emperor Yu Country was so angry that he almost vomited blood when he saw that Luo Zheng wasn't suppressed by his aura at all. Instead, he was reprimanding him so arrogantly!
He was the King of the Divine Nation. Since when did a False Tribulation Realm junior have the right to reprimand him? Moreover, this fellow had just killed his men! Battle God Da Yu suddenly felt as if the world had changed …
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Divine Grade Geniuses nodded their heads silently. On one hand, they were impressed by Luo Zheng's courage. In the face of the enraged Fighting Emperor Da Yu, he was still able to think clearly and he even dared to reprimand Fighting Emperor Da Yu. On the other hand, they were worried for Luo Zheng. Fighting Emperor Da Yu was a Divine Sea Realm Master. Moreover, he was conferred the title of Fighting Emperor. His strength was far more powerful than the average Divine Sea Realm Masters.
Luo Zheng had offended Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Now that Battle Emperor Yu the Great had attacked him, Luo Zheng would not be able to escape death.
"Good, good, good … I've lived for eight thousand years. An old man of eight thousand years has to be taught by a twenty year old kid. Luo Zheng, you're really good!" War Emperor Yu the Great was so angry that he laughed. Then, he took a step forward, passed through the Bounded Domain, and came before Luo Zheng.
Their eyes met.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's Soul Suppression was like hundreds of mountains pressing down on Luo Zheng.
Before this, Luo Zheng was not afraid of Battle Emperor Yu the Great's Soul Suppression. Now that Luo Zheng's soul had merged with the will of the Great Thousand World, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's Soul Suppression did not have any effect on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not move and was not affected. However, the Divine Grade Geniuses below felt uncomfortable.
In his rage, Battle Emperor Yu the Great did not care about his surroundings. His Soul Suppression gushed out as if it was free. He was venting his anger!
As a result, the faces of the Divine Grade Geniuses turned pale. Many warriors with weaker Soul Suppression fell to the ground, rolled their eyes, and fainted …
"Yes, you're right. There are always times when warriors lose in a fight. However, I, Liu Zan, am not willing to suffer losses! You, Luo Zheng, killed my son and the little monster. I will settle this score with you! "Battle Emperor Yu the Great said coldly.
Luo Zheng looked calm. He did not refute his identity. Whether he admitted it or not, Battle Emperor Yu the Great would not recognize him as Luo Tianxing. Therefore, Luo Zheng asked directly, "How do you want to settle this score?"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great exhaled deeply. The little monster was a big bargaining chip for Battle Emperor Yu the Great. It was also because of this bargaining chip that the Great Yu Divine Kingdom gained a lot of advantages in the competition among the four Divine Kingdoms.
Firstly, the little monster could spar with the princes and princes, allowing them to cultivate faster. Secondly, as the little monster grew to the Life and Death Realm, it would be able to help the Divine Sea Realm sooner or later. Everyone was eagerly waiting for the little monster to grow.
It was because of this that the Monarchs of the other three Divine Kingdoms gave in to Battle Emperor Yu the Great in many things. Even the allocation of resources in the Reverse Spirit Channel was far more than the other three Divine Kingdoms! Now that the little monster had turned into an idiot, he had suffered a great loss!
"How do you want to settle this score? Of course, you will pay with your life! Don't say that I, Liu Zan, did not give you a chance. If you can take one punch from me, I will let you go, Luo Zheng! "Battle Emperor Yu the Great said with a hideous smile.
"Ah!"
Huo Yuner, who was on the stairs, suddenly covered her mouth.
Let Luo Zheng take a punch from a Divine Sea Realm warrior? Wasn't this the same as asking Luo Zheng to die? As Huo Yuner thought this in her heart, a trace of reluctance appeared in her charming eyes.
The King of Yan closed his eyes in pain and clenched his teeth tightly.
If it was a Life and Death Realm warrior, Luo Zheng might be able to resist. With Luo Zheng's strong body, he might be able to take one punch from a Life and Death Realm warrior. However, a Divine Sea Realm warrior like Battle Emperor Yu the Great …
Luo Zheng's life was over!
Hearing Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. The strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior was unfathomable, but Luo Zheng had just merged with the will of the Great Thousand World.
Previously, the little monster could easily block Luo Zheng's attack. When Luo Zheng unleashed all his strength, he could transfer the strength to the surrounding mountains and rivers!
After Luo Zheng merged with the will of the Great Thousand World, he had a sense of familiarity with everything around him. It was as if he had established a special connection with this world. If he could use the surrounding mountains and rivers to block Battle Emperor Yu the Great's punch, this could be a solution.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng said lightly, "I agree."
Agree?
Hearing Luo Zheng's straightforward answer, even Battle Emperor Yu the Great was a little surprised. How could Luo Zheng agree so easily?
Originally, Battle Emperor Yu the Great thought that Luo Zheng was going to argue with him on the basis of reason. However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't care about this at all. They were all warriors. Since they were all warriors, they should know the rules of warriors. How could a False Tribulation Realm warrior try to reason with a Divine Sea Realm warrior, Battle Emperor Yu the Great? What a joke!
As the saying went, "Reason, reason. Dao comes first, reason comes second. Dao is the Dao of warriors!" In other words, strength and fists were in front!
However, Luo Zheng didn't want to reason at all. He agreed just like that. Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed and said, "Do you really think you can block my attack?"
Luo Zheng shook his head lightly and said, "I don't know."
"Hahahaha." Battle Emperor Yu the Great laughed wildly for a while. He was guessing Luo Zheng's thoughts. This guy might really think that he could block his punch. How naive! Battle Emperor Yu the Great said lazily, "Since you are so straightforward, I can really give you a chance. I will only use 80% of my strength for this punch. What do you think?"
"80% of your strength …" A Divine Sea Realm warrior shook his head silently. How could this be a chance?
Only the Spirit Sea Realm warriors knew how horrifying a Spirit Sea Realm warrior was. After the Spirit Sea was opened up in the body, it would form a world of its own. The Genuine Essence that was gathered would be as vast as the sea. When the Genuine Essence was condensed and punched out, the power would be unimaginable.
Not to mention 80% of his strength, even 30% of his strength would kill Luo Zheng. Those Divine Sea Realm warriors all thought so.
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm. Then, he nodded slightly. He was not confident, but there was no better choice at the moment. However, the will of the Great Thousand World and his own Divine Artifact body gave Luo Zheng some confidence. That was why he agreed without hesitation.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great sneered and began to accumulate his Vital Essence. However, at this moment, a voice came from the stairs. "Wait!"