Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't have much patience. Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face darkened. He said coldly, "Old Huo! Take care of your daughter! "
The Tianfeng War Monarch was puzzled. What was Huo Yuner trying to do?
Huo Yuner blinked her charming eyes and her figure floated towards the barrier. Standing outside the barrier, she suddenly stretched out her jade-like hand and gently stroked her arm. The jade bracelet vibrated twice, and with a soft ring, it slid down her arm.
When it slid down her arm, she gently hooked her finger and the jade bracelet fell into her hand.
"I'll lend you the Heavenly Jade Bracelet!" Huo Yuner said softly.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, everyone had a strange expression on their faces. Even Luo Zheng was surprised.
Her bracelet was a Semi-Divine Tool. How could she lend it to someone so casually?
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't say anything, Huo Yuner continued, "The Heavenly Jade Bracelet is a Semi-Divine Tool. It can greatly increase your strength!"
Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner's serious expression and finally revealed a faint smile. He said, "Thank you for your kindness. However, I don't need it for now."
"But, why don't you need it?" Huo Yuner didn't understand Luo Zheng's words.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't want to waste any more time. He said to Huo Yuner, "Little girl from the Huo Family, I advise you to stand further away. I'm afraid this barrier won't be able to withstand the power of my fist. It won't be good if you get hurt!"
Hearing this, the Tianfeng War Monarch's expression changed. His body flashed and he grabbed Huo Yuner and pulled her away from the edge of the barrier.
These words also reminded the Immortal level geniuses down there. How horrifying would it be if the power of a Divine Sea Realm warrior poured out? If they were hit by the shockwaves, they would die!
Therefore, in an instant, the Divine Realm geniuses retreated from the plaza. They only stopped when they were a few thousand feet away from the barrier.
However, the Life and Death Realm experts and Divine Sea Realm experts on the platform didn't move. With their strength, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's fist wasn't aimed at them. The shockwaves were not enough to hurt them.
"Kid, you only have yourself to blame. You can only blame yourself for provoking the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great! Go to hell! " Battle Emperor Yu the Great said coldly. A purple light flashed on his fist as he punched Luo Zheng!
In his heart, Battle Emperor Yu the Great had sentenced Luo Zheng to death.
... Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Great Yu the Great Divine Sea Realm. 80% of the Divine Sea Realm's of the Divine Sea Realm expert was no joke..
This was the first time that Luo Zheng faced the attack of a Divine Sea Realm warrior!
The punch seemed to have sucked away all the air around it. Even Luo Zheng's breathing seemed to have been blocked.
Sss ….
Power … transfer of power …
As the thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, he established a connection with the entire West Dragon River.
As soon as Luo Zheng established the connection, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's fist was already aimed at Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"
The moment Battle Emperor Yu the Great's fist was launched, a muffled sound was heard.
"Alas, although this guy's body is very strong, I'm afraid he will be turned into ashes by this punch."
"I'm afraid he won't even be ashes. How powerful is the Monarch of the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great?"
"What a pity for such a monstrous figure …."
However, after the muffled sound, the scene that everyone imagined did not happen.
"Am I seeing things?" A martial artist rubbed his eyes. They had retreated so far away that even a Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artist would feel a little blurry at this distance.
However, Luo Zheng didn't retreat a single step, nor did he turn into ashes. After one breath, the West Longjiang River began to roar.
When Luo Zheng's two punches landed on the little monster, two mountains on the West Longjiang River collapsed.
This time, Luo Zheng blocked 80% of the Divine Sea Realm warrior's power. However, Luo Zheng transferred all the power to the West Longjiang River.
The entire West Longjiang River began to roar violently. Then, a series of loud noises came from the mountain range on one side of the West Longjiang River. Then, billowing smoke rose up. It was like a huge curtain of smoke that covered the entire West Longjiang River.
The mountain range was formed by many mountains. At this moment, more than 20 mountains on one side of the West Longjiang River had collapsed.
Seeing this, even Luo Zheng was secretly shocked. The strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior was not to be underestimated. Although it was only 80% of the Divine Sea Realm warrior's power, it was still able to destroy more than 20 mountains with one punch even though it was infused with True Essence.
It was too powerful.
Powerful as it was, Luo Zheng was safe and sound.
Luo Zheng had transferred most of the power to the mountain range on the other side of the mountain range. As for the remaining power, Luo Zheng's body of a Saint Artifact was enough to bear it.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The roaring wind swept up billowing smoke and dust, covering everyone in it.
After a long while, the smoke and dust rolled up by the collapsed mountains slowly dispersed. Luo Zheng and Battle King Yu the Great were still inside the barrier.
A Divine Sea Realm warrior opened his mouth wide. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng inside the barrier and stammered, "I, I didn't see it wrong, did I? Luo Tianxing … is safe and sound? "
"Yes, he is safe and sound. What happened just now? All the mountains on the West Longjiang River collapsed! Luo Zheng seems to have inherited the Little Monster's ability! "
"It's the Little Monster's ability. When Luo Zheng fought with the Little Monster, the Little Monster used this move to transfer all the power to the two mountains on the West Longjiang River. But now, Luo Zheng also has the same ability! What is going on? Did Luo Zheng get the Little Monster's ability? "
Many of the Deity level geniuses were puzzled.
Those Divine Sea Realm warriors looked at Luo Zheng inside the barrier and then at the collapsed mountains on the West Longjiang River. They were all stunned.
What was going on with Luo Zheng? How did he do it? Why did he know how to transfer the power?
If Luo Zheng got the Little Monster's ability, then they still had a chance …
Since Luo Zheng knew how to transfer the power, then he most likely inherited the Little Monster's strange ability. Maybe Luo Zheng also inherited the Little Monster's innate divine power …
Why couldn't Zhou Huang stop Battle King Yu the Great now? It was also because the Little Monster's innate divine power was the hope of these Divine Sea Realm warriors. With this hope, they might be able to break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng turned the Little Monster into an idiot, which was tantamount to killing their hope. Zhou Huang was indeed unreasonable. He couldn't step out to help Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng really inherited the Little Monster's innate divine power, then they had hope again.
However, at this moment, Battle King Yu the Great's eyes lit up. He punched at Luo Zheng again. This time, he exerted 100% of his strength!
Battle King Yu the Great's mind was spinning fast. Previously, he had the Little Monster under his control. If Luo Zheng's innate divine power allowed many Divine Sea Realm warriors to break through to the Divine Sea Realm, how could he have a share?
What's more, new and old grudges were all counted together. He didn't want to find out the answer anymore! Whether he really took the Little Monster's innate divine power or not, he had to kill Luo Zheng today!
"Liu Zan! Stop! "Zhou Huang was the first to jump out.
"Liu Zan, let's check it out first. What if Luo Tianxing …" The Tianfeng War Emperor also stepped out.
Unfortunately, Battle King Yu the Great's attack was too fast. As soon as this thought flashed across his mind, he punched at Luo Zheng's face!
"Hmph, you can't do anything to me with 80% of your strength. Do you think you can defeat me with 100% of your strength? How shameless of you to go back on your words! "Luo Zheng's face darkened. All the dragon scales in his body were activated at the same time!
In terms of pure strength, Luo Zheng, who had activated the dragon scales, was not much weaker than Battle King Yu the Great.
Most importantly, when Battle Emperor Yu the Great's power landed on Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng directly transferred it to the West Dragon River. Luo Zheng's main body's power exploded. In addition, his vital essence and quintessential essence circulated at the same time. This terrifying power was forcefully absorbed by Battle Emperor Yu the Great's body.
Battle King Yu the Great never thought that Luo Zheng would fight back. He also didn't expect that Luo Zheng's strength would be so terrifying.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng's punch landed on his body, it was like a mountain had landed on his chest. Battle King Yu the Great was sent flying by Luo Zheng's punch. At the same time, he spat out a mouthful of blood!
＝＝＝＝＝