The War Emperors and Battle Emperors had planned to stop Battle Emperor Yu the Great, but to their surprise, Luo Zheng's counterattack sent Battle Emperor Yu the Great flying and even made him spit out blood.
Before this, Luo Zheng had relied on his own strength to shatter Yun Longtao's space armor. Everyone knew that Luo Zheng's strength was far greater than an ordinary martial artist's, but they never imagined that he would be so tyrannical!
The scene fell into silence again. How big was the gap between a False Tribulation Realm warrior and a Divine Sea Realm warrior? It was almost unimaginable. A False Tribulation Realm warrior wanted to injure a Divine Sea Realm warrior?
These old monsters who had lived for tens of thousands of years had never heard of such a thing.
The higher one's cultivation level was, the more thorough one's understanding of laws and power would be. It would be more difficult to challenge someone of a higher level.
It was not difficult for a Xiantian Realm warrior to challenge a Divine Reflection Realm warrior. However, it was difficult for a False Tribulation Realm warrior to challenge a Life and Death Realm warrior, and it was impossible for a Life and Death Realm warrior to challenge a Divine Sea Realm warrior!
However, these Divine Sea Realm warriors knew that Battle Emperor Yu the Great must have been careless just now. It was impossible for him to use his Protective Vital Energy to deal with a Middle Stage False Tribulation Realm warrior. Moreover, Battle Emperor Yu the Great did not use the power of his realm.
If Battle Emperor Yu the Great had activated his realm and used his own laws to envelop Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would not have been able to fight back.
However, a Divine Sea Realm warrior needed to activate his realm to deal with a False Tribulation Realm warrior … If this news spread, he would be a laughing stock.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great was sent flying by this punch. His eyes were full of killing intent. If his eyes could kill, Luo Zheng would have been killed thousands of times.
He wiped away the blood at the corner of his mouth with one hand. He had taken a punch from Luo Zheng in front of so many people, including the Highgod Realm geniuses, the Crown Prince, and the princes of the Great Yu Divine Nation. He had lost all his face.
"Luo Zheng, although you are only in the False Tribulation Realm, you are strong enough to be my opponent!" Battle Emperor Da Yu said coldly. The killing intent in his eyes gradually faded and was replaced by boundless fighting spirit.
At the Divine Sea Realm, the Heart of Martial Arts had been thoroughly baptized. Thus, the Heart of Martial Arts had reached a level where it could be controlled freely. Battle Emperor Da Yu knew how to control his emotions.
He didn't belittle Luo Zheng anymore. After all, no matter how much he looked down on this False Tribulation Realm opponent, it was a fact that Luo Zheng had injured him. Therefore, Battle Emperor Yu the Great acknowledged Luo Zheng's strength and regarded him as an important opponent!
"Fighting with a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm is your precious experience. Let me show you my field!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great smiled faintly. Then, with Battle Emperor Yu the Great as the center, tiny white threads started to float in all directions. The thin threads intertwined with each other and formed small cocoons.
"Cloud Silk Domain!"
Spirit Sea Realm warriors could make their own rules to a certain extent, but they couldn't resist all the rules of nature!
After reaching the Divine Sea Realm, one's strength would develop in two directions. One direction was to make one's own rules. The strongest control of one's field would be the more terrifying the power of the field would be. The other direction was to follow the rules and control the rules of nature at a higher level.
Therefore, to control one's own rules was called "defying the natural order". To control the rules of nature at a higher level was called "following the natural order".
In the Upper World, there were warriors who went against the natural order. They gave up on cultivating all the precepts of heaven and earth and focused on setting up their own territory. They created their own new precepts and repelled the other precepts of heaven and earth at the same time. However, it was extremely difficult for a warrior to completely repel the precepts of heaven and earth.
Warriors who chose to follow the natural order would give up on their "field" and focus on controlling the seventh, eighth, and even ninth level of the Origin Source Rules. However, when the power of law was cultivated to a higher level, it would become more and more mysterious and difficult to understand.
Regardless of whether it was going against the natural order or following the natural order, it was a path to becoming a strong warrior. However, most warriors cultivated both at the same time.
Since Battle Emperor Yu the Great had brought out his field, he had already developed a killing intent towards Luo Zheng! No matter how Luo Zheng did it, as long as Luo Zheng was enveloped by his field, there was no way he could survive!
Luo Zheng's face darkened. Although he had fused with the will of the world, it didn't mean that he was invincible. A Spirit Sea Realm warrior's field was enough to cut off his connection with the boundless universe. Was he doomed?
At this moment, Zhou Huang had already appeared in front of Luo Zheng. He faintly said to Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Liu Zan, why kill a junior?"
Because Luo Zheng had inherited the little monster's talent, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the Sky Fortune Kingdom King also stood up. However, unlike Zhou Huang, they didn't stand in front of Luo Zheng. Instead, they spoke up for Zhou Huang.
"Liu Zan, this Luo Tianxing didn't do anything wrong. Why do you want to kill him?"
"Previously, you said that after the little monster broke through, its talent could help us break through. Now, although the little monster's soul was destroyed by Luo Tianxing and turned into an idiot, Luo Tianxing has inherited the little monster's talent. Doesn't that mean that our hopes are on Luo Tianxing?"
Over the years, because of the little monster, the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom had obtained many benefits. These Divine Sea Realm warriors were eagerly waiting for the little monster to break through to the False Tribulation Realm. The little monster was dead, but Luo Zheng had inexplicably stolen the little monster's talent.
For Battle Emperor Yu the Great, this was an unacceptable result. For the other Divine Sea Realm warriors, as long as it could help them break through to the Divine Sea Realm, it was the same. Perhaps Luo Tianxing was more reliable than the little monster?
The Tianfeng War Emperor and the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's words represented the thoughts of the other Divine Sea Realm warriors. Many of them nodded slightly.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face was gloomy. Seeing Zhou Huang standing in front of him, he coldly said, "Those who stand in my way, die!"
Seeing that Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't back down and was instead so stubborn, Zhou Huang was finally angry. Zhou Huang had always played the role of a nice guy in front of the Divine Sea Realm warriors. His personality wasn't unyielding and he wasn't impatient.
For the past day, Zhou Huang had repeatedly tolerated Battle Emperor Yu the Great. But now, he was standing in front of Luo Zheng and was determined to protect Luo Zheng. Yet, Battle Emperor Yu the Great still dared to speak like this!
"Die? Liu Zan, why don't we have a fight? Let's see who dies first. " Zhou Huang's eyes flashed with a sharp light. His body exuded an old but firm aura.
In terms of cultivation, Zhou Huang was almost the same as Liu Zan. They were both at the peak of the Divine Sea Realm. Because they were restricted by the lower realms, they couldn't cross that threshold in their lives. But in terms of strength, Zhou Huang had lived for more than 10,000 years. He was more than 5,000 years older than Liu Zan!
As long as Zhou Huang didn't enter Heaven's Decay Stage Five, Liu Zan wouldn't be a match for him!
"No way, are the Divine Sea Realm warriors going to fight?"
"Since I was born, I have never seen a battle between Divine Sea Realm warriors. Won't they be able to destroy the heavens and earth when they erupt?"
"Idiot, if the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and the Great Yu Divine Kingdom really fight, it will be a war between the Divine Kingdoms. Everyone will have a hard time. Maybe one day you will become cannon fodder!"
Many warriors in the False Tribulation Realm saw this scene and pondered silently. If the two Divine Sea Realm warriors really fought, should they run far away?
Because of Zhou Huang's words, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Liu Zan, lost half of his arrogance …
Zhou Huang was indeed easy to talk to. Normally, he wouldn't use his strength to suppress others. But in terms of strength, he was probably the strongest among the four Divine Sea Realm warriors present. Even compared to those retired Divine Sea Realm warriors, Zhou Huang's strength wasn't inferior at all!
After realizing this fact, Liu Zan wouldn't really fight.
Zhou Huang glanced at Liu Zan indifferently and said, "Then, the warrior of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom wins this battle!"
Liu Zan took a deep look at Luo Zheng. Naturally, he was extremely displeased. Thus, he let out a cold snort and walked up the stairs.