Seeing the Tianfeng War Emperor's kind smile, Luo Zheng was stunned. What was the meaning of this smile? Why was the War Emperor so polite to him?
However, he didn't think too much about it. Zhou Huang had protected him time and time again, so Luo Zheng was naturally grateful. He bowed to Zhou Huang and said, "Thank you, Your Majesty."
Zhou Huang shook his head lightly and said, "I should thank you on behalf of the Black Iron Divine Nation."
After all, Luo Zheng was representing the King of Yan and the Black Iron Divine Nation.
The battle between him and the little monster was over. No one else would step forward.
Luo Zheng could even resolve the full-force attack of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator. Which genius in the False Tribulation Realm would dare to try? If they stepped forward now, they would only be asking for humiliation.
Moreover, this battle was just a review. It didn't involve the interests of any party.
At this time, the King of Yan suddenly smiled and said, "Father, since Luo Zheng won, what are you going to reward him with?"
"Haha, reward? Easy, easy." Zhou Huang looked at Luo Zheng and asked, "Don't you need the Origin Stones of Life? My Black Iron Divine Nation still has some. These … "
Hearing Zhou Huang's words, Luo Zheng refused. "Your Majesty, I don't need the Origin Stones of Life."
Although he didn't know how many Origin Stones of Life there were in the Black Iron Divine Nation, he knew that the Origin Stones of Life were usually used up quickly. Not many would be stored. A dozen or so Origin Stones of Life might not be enough to save Ning Yudie's life.
The Origin Stones of Life would be left for Luo Zheng to excavate in the Sky Feather Sacred Sea.
What Luo Zheng was most worried about now was Xun! Now that she had fallen into a deep sleep, her soul was like a candle in the wind. It could be extinguished at any time!
What he needed most now was a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!
"Oh?" Zhou Huang's face revealed a look of surprise. He already knew that Luo Zheng seemed to be in urgent need of the Origin Stone of Life, but now he had rejected it. Why? "Since you don't want the Origin Stones of Life, what do you want?"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "Your Majesty, I want a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!"
"Soul Nurturing Wood?" Zhou Huang raised his eyebrows slightly, and the strange look on his face became even more intense. The Soul Cultivation Wood was only a container to store souls. Under normal circumstances, it did not have much use. He did not know what Luo Zheng was doing with the Soul Cultivation Wood.
Most importantly, Zhou Huang did not have the Soul Nurturing Wood.
Zhou Huang sighed softly and said, "But there is no Soul Cultivation Wood in my Black Iron Divine Kingdom."
There was indeed a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Black Iron Divine Nation. However, that piece of Soul Cultivation Wood had been used up and contained the soul of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. Where could Zhou Huang find another piece of Soul Cultivation Wood for Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng had expected Zhou Huang's answer.
Luo Zheng had never asked anyone for a reward. However, this Soul Cultivation Wood was related to the survival of Xun's soul. Luo Zheng could only say, "I know that there is no Soul Cultivation Wood in the Black Iron Divine Nation, but …"
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the Tianfeng War Emperor and Huo Yuner. Then, Luo Zheng said to Zhou Huang, "As far as I know, there should be another piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Tianfeng Divine Nation."
Hearing this, the Tianfeng War Emperor was shocked!
There was indeed a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Tianfeng Divine Nation. However, it was given out through the Secret Sect's heaven-defying passage. Ordinary people would not know about it. Perhaps even Zhou Huang did not know about it. The piece of Soul Cultivation Wood in the Tianfeng Divine Nation was not used. It was kept in the hands of the Tianfeng War Emperor.
Now, the question was, how did Luo Zheng know about it?
It was impossible for the Tianfeng War Emperor to understand the meaning of the Will of the World. Otherwise, the Divine Nation would not have been unable to discover the little monster's identity for so long.
Luo Zheng, who possessed the Will of the World, was in a state of "omniscience" in this world. He could understand the entire boundless universe in an instant. Therefore, there were no secrets in this boundless universe to Luo Zheng!
Zhou Huang was even more curious. Even he did not know about it, so how did Luo Zheng know about it?
Therefore, Zhou Huang looked at the Tianfeng War Emperor with a questioning gaze. "Old Huo, do you really have a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor nodded. He reached out his hand and gently rubbed his spatial ring. Immediately, a brown withered branch appeared in his hand. The withered branch did not have a special appearance. At first glance, it looked like an ordinary branch.
Just by looking at the veins on the withered branch, one could feel the strangeness of this branch. This branch seemed to be able to pull one's soul into it.
"Old Huo …" Just as Zhou Huang was about to speak, the Tianfeng War Emperor understood that Zhou Huang wanted to ask for the Soul Cultivation Wood. Although the Soul Cultivation Wood could nourish one's soul, it was something that could only be done after one's physical body died. Therefore, although the Soul Cultivation Wood was rare, it could not be considered a precious item. "I can give this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood to Luo Tianxing. However, Luo Tianxing, you have to answer one of my questions."
Luo Zheng had already mentally prepared himself. No matter what the Tianfeng War Emperor said, Luo Zheng would pay any price to obtain this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood!
He did not expect that the so-called price would only be an answer to the Tianfeng War Emperor's question.
However, there were many types of questions. Luo Zheng had some secrets on him that were enough to make most warriors lose their minds. If he could not answer a question, Luo Zheng would be in even more trouble.
Then, Luo Zheng heard the Tianfeng War Emperor ask, "How did you know that I have a piece of Soul Cultivation Wood? Who told you that? "
Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched slightly. This was a question that Luo Zheng did not know how to answer.
"Tell me who told you. I won't pursue the matter. After all, this is not a big secret. I was just curious," the Tianfeng War Emperor said with a smile.
Looking at the piece of Soul Cultivation Wood, Luo Zheng felt conflicted. He could not possibly tell the Tianfeng War Emperor that he had inherited the will of this world, right?
Not only did Luo Zheng know that the Soul Cultivation Wood was in the hands of the Tianfeng War Emperor, but he also knew how the Tianfeng War Emperor grew, what cultivation techniques he cultivated, and what abilities he possessed! He could even know how many strands of hair the Tianfeng War Emperor had!
This was how terrifying the state of omniscience was!
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment. At this moment, he was searching for the origin of the Soul Cultivation Wood in his mind. He wanted to know how many people knew about the existence of the Soul Cultivation Wood and see if he could make up a reason.
The results of his search disappointed Luo Zheng. After the Soul Cultivation Wood was passed down from the reverse spirit channel, it was personally handed to the Tianfeng War Emperor by Bai Yuerong. Only two or three people knew about the existence of the Soul Cultivation Wood. Bai Yuerong and Huo Yuner also knew about it.
Luo Zheng could not possibly lie and say that it was Bai Yuerong who told him. He was afraid that his lie would be exposed.
What about Huo Yuner?
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat and he looked over. He did not expect Huo Yuner to also be looking at him. This girl was the daughter of the Tianfeng War Emperor. It would not be easy to fool her …
"What? You can't even answer this simple request? "the Tianfeng War Emperor asked with a smile.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and began to think about what he could use to exchange for the Soul Cultivation Wood. It was better than revealing his secret.
However, at this moment, Huo Yuner suddenly said, "Father, I was the one who told Luo Zheng."
"En?" Hearing Huo Yuner's words, the Tianfeng War Emperor was naturally puzzled. "You told Luo Zheng? When? "
"Just now, when Luo Zheng asked for the Soul Cultivation Wood from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's Monarch, I told him with a true essence sound transmission." Huo Yuner smiled elegantly.
"Is that so …" the Tianfeng War Emperor stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Huo Yuner had taken the initiative to cooperate with him. How could Luo Zheng deny it? He immediately nodded and said, "It was indeed your daughter who told me."
Although this excuse was far-fetched, it was still true …
The Tianfeng War Emperor did not believe Huo Yuner's words. His daughter did not know how to lie. He could tell from her expression that Huo Yuner was lying. However, he was only curious about Luo Zheng's secret. Since his daughter had said so, he would not make things difficult for Luo Zheng.
Thus, the Tianfeng War Emperor handed the Soul Cultivation Wood to Huo Yuner. Huo Yuner personally handed the Soul Cultivation Wood over to Luo Zheng.
"Thank you." The moment Luo Zheng grabbed the Soul Cultivation Wood, his heart trembled. No matter what, Shao Xun's soul had survived.
Huo Yuner blinked and gave Luo Zheng a faint smile. She then turned around and returned to the stairs.