After getting the Soul Cultivation Wood, Luo Zheng quickly returned to the square. Even though he tried his best to keep calm, he couldn't hide the excitement on his face.
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors saw this and were sure that Luo Zheng was going to use the Soul Cultivation Wood to save someone's life. As for whose life he was going to save, they didn't know.
As for Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Saintess Bai Yuerong, they didn't look too good. They didn't expect that the little monster they sent out would fail to kill Luo Zheng. Instead, it gave him great benefits. How could they tolerate this?
Qinglong said that Xun's soul could last for one or two days, but that was just a rough estimate. It could be one or two days, or it could be two or four hours. It could also be that it would collapse immediately!
Luo Zheng hurriedly asked Qinglong, "How should I use the Soul Cultivation Wood?"
But at this moment, the sharp voice came again, "The competition is over. Now, we will start the sacrifice! Open the Sky Feather Holy Sea! "
The moment the voice came out, all the Divine Sea geniuses looked toward the platform. The previous competition was just a review. The most important thing was to explore the Sky Feather Holy Sea!
Luo Zheng wasn't in the mood to pay attention to the sacrifice. He had to put Xun in the Soul Cultivation Wood first.
If Xun's soul wasn't in a deep sleep, she could enter the Soul Cultivation Wood by herself. Qinglong told Luo Zheng that he had to move her soul into the Soul Cultivation Wood …
Luo Zheng looked around and found a quiet corner in this spacious square. He sat down with his legs crossed, closed his eyes, and immersed himself in his own mind.
In his mind, Xun's soul was still lying there quietly. Many cracks appeared on the surface of her body.
Luo Zheng flew over, hugged her, and dragged her out of his mind …
At this moment, he didn't forget to look back at the mysterious furnace. The glow of Qinglong and the red dragon on the furnace had dimmed a lot.
In this battle with the little monster, Luo Zheng had also paid a considerable price. However, his gains were also relatively great. First of all, after merging with the Will of the World, Luo Zheng's soul had risen to a new level. More importantly, he could now connect himself with the entire world.
The attacks he received could be transferred to the Great Thousand World!
In addition, there was a huge amount of information for Luo Zheng to explore …
"Hiss hiss …"
According to the method taught by Qinglong, Luo Zheng placed a section of the Soul Cultivation Wood between his eyebrows!
The moment Luo Zheng 'transported' Smoky's soul out of her mind, her soul naturally drilled into the Soul Wood!
After a few breaths, the smoky soul completely disappeared. That piece of Soul Cultivation Wood emitted a faint red halo. When Luo Zheng touched this piece of Soul Cultivation Wood, it emitted a trace of warmth.
"What a magical Soul Cultivation Wood!" After saying this, Luo Zheng let out a long sigh of relief.
Although Smoky's soul was seriously injured, with the nourishment of the Soul Cultivation Wood, it shouldn't be a big problem. The Soul Cultivation Wood's name had the two words "Soul Cultivation", which meant that it could nourish the soul. After a period of time, it might be able to heal Smoky's injuries.
Even if Smoky couldn't heal completely, Luo Zheng had enough time to help her find a panacea to heal her soul injuries.
Smoky hadn't been with him for a very long time. However, since she woke up, she had helped him through several calamities.
Although she did have a favor to ask of him, she truly stood in his position and helped him consider everything. Luo Zheng vowed that he would never forget this friendship!
Just as Luo Zheng finished his business here, the sacrificial ceremony on the high platform had already begun!
"Whoosh!"
On the high platform, a huge circular pillar of light suddenly appeared. After that pillar of light appeared, it soared all the way to the sky!
"Is this the sacrificial ceremony? I wonder what the sacrificial ceremony is used for? "
Luo Zheng didn't know much about the Divine Kingdom's continent. However, when he thought of this, he suddenly patted his head. He had forgotten that he now had the ability to know everything!
A thought flashed through his mind. Luo Zheng already knew the answer in his heart.
The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was originally occupied by the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Before the Dragon Bloodline Clan died, they carried out a blood sacrifice of all the creatures in their clan!
At that time, the Dragon Bloodline Clan was at its peak. The Holy Land of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was at the late stage of the Eighth Grade Realm. It was even comparable to a Ninth Grade Force, which was far more powerful than the seven Divine Kingdoms!
Even before they were destroyed, the Dragon Bloodline Clan's population was frighteningly large.
The blood sacrifice was actually a kind of curse!
After a creature was killed, it would give birth to a curse. This was also the source of the Evil Spirit on the warrior's body.
However, the Dragon Bloodline Clan cleverly used this curse. After they sacrificed all the creatures in their clan, they cast this curse. Any creature that stepped into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea would be affected by this curse.
The specific manifestation of this curse was a layer of golden light on the surface of the sea!
What the four Divine Kingdoms had to do now was to temporarily disperse a portion of this golden light. Only then could the warriors enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea smoothly.
As the pillar of light soared into the sky, all the Divine Sea Realm Almighties at the bottom of the stairs slowly ascended around the pillar of light at the same time. The four Divine Sea Realm Almighties occupied the highest position. Below them were dozens of Divine Sea Realm Almighties who released their True Essence.
The shrill voice rang out again. "Comrades, let's work together to disperse the curse of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!"
This shrill voice rang out from time to time. However, its identity was extremely mysterious. From beginning to end, it never showed its face. Under its command, the huge pillar of light that soared into the sky began to tilt slowly, tilting towards the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Wild winds surged and the weather changed.
The various god-grade geniuses were also watching this scene with serious expressions.
The moment the pillar of light tilted towards the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, it blended with the golden light of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!
A miraculous scene occurred. The light contained within the pillar of light seemed to be the nemesis of the golden light on the surface of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The moment the pillar of light entered the sea, the golden light was constantly eroded by the pillar of light.
The originally calm Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was like a frantically struggling giant beast. Huge waves rose from the golden sea, sweeping in all directions layer by layer!
At the same time, the golden light was constantly melting and shrinking at a visible speed …
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. Although he already knew the process of this sacrifice through the memories in his mind, seeing this scene with his own eyes still shocked him greatly.
This method couldn't have been thought of by the four Divine Kingdoms. They must have received help from the Upper Realm's Human Race.
After an incense stick's worth of time, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea slowly calmed down. The pillar of light also began to dim.
The surface of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was already suffused with a faint golden light. However, compared to before, this golden light's luster was much fainter.
After the pillar of light disappeared, a person stood within it. This person wore a greenish-grey Daoist robe. His eyebrows were snow-white, and his expression was dignified. It was Daoist White Eyebrows.
"Alright! The sacrifice is complete. Everyone can receive the dragon blood and enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea! "
This Daoist White Eyebrows was the owner of that sharp voice!
When Luo Zheng sized up Daoist White Eyebrows, that person seemed to have noticed Luo Zheng as well. He casually glanced at Luo Zheng, then commanded the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms to begin distributing the dragon blood!
"I can't see through this person's strength!" Luo Zheng's heart suddenly began to beat wildly.
Even Divine Sea Realm experts would find it difficult to conceal their cultivation in front of Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng couldn't see through Daoist White Eyebrows' cultivation at all.
There was only one possibility! This Daoist White Eyebrows' strength was definitely above the Divine Sea Realm!
"Aren't only Divine Sea Realm experts allowed in the Lower Realm?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong in confusion.
In theory, even Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't tolerate the Vast Thousand Worlds. When a Life and Death Realm expert was born in the Vast Thousand Worlds, the Heavenly Dao would send down punishment, forming a Life and Death Tribulation, which was also a minor Heavenly Tribulation.
After entering the Divine Sea Realm, the Heavenly Dao would send down a major Heavenly Tribulation!
＝＝＝＝＝