Although it was easy for warriors to die under the Heavenly Tribulation, more warriors managed to overcome their Heavenly Tribulations and cultivate step by step, making themselves stronger.
Since even the Heavenly Tribulation couldn't punish these warriors, the Great Wide World would find a way to kick them out!
Of course, this was the "ascension" that the Divine Sea Realm warriors spoke of.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the ascension channel of this Great Wide World. Even if the Great Wide World's consciousness wanted to kick them out, it couldn't.
Qinglong replied calmly, "Yes, the resources in the Lower Realm can't give birth to warriors more powerful than the Divine Sea Realm …"
"I feel that he's far more powerful than the Divine Sea Realm warriors," Luo Zheng said seriously.
"It's simple. He's not from this plane. He's from the Human Clan of the Upper Realm," Qinglong explained.
"I see!" Luo Zheng was startled. After thinking for a while, a thought flashed through his mind. He searched the memories of the Great Wide World's consciousness for the White Brow Daoist's background …
"Eh, there's no information about this person!" After searching, Luo Zheng found that the White Brow Daoist didn't exist in the Great Wide World's consciousness.
"It's normal. The Great Wide World's consciousness you've merged with is indeed in a state of omniscience about this plane. However, the White Brow Daoist came down through the Reverse Spirit Channel. Because he's not from this plane, he paid a considerable price!" Qinglong explained.
Luo Zheng finally understood. However, Luo Zheng thought about it again and felt that something was wrong. "But I can search for the Soul Cultivation Wood, but I can't find any information about the White Brow Daoist."
"The Soul Cultivation Wood is an inanimate object. If you don't believe me, you can search for the Mysterious Underworld Cave, the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, and the Immortal Mansion in the Eastern Realm. Outsiders can't search for them …"
Luo Zheng actually followed Qinglong's method to search. The facts proved that Qinglong's words were correct. He couldn't search for the Dark Nether Cave, the Tower of Sin, or the immortal mansion in his memories, but he could find the Firmament Immortal Tomb!
There was no need for Qing Long to explain. Luo Zheng had already guessed the reason. Although Daoist Tian Miao was also a martial artist from the Upper Realm, he was a native martial artist born in this Greater Thousand World. That was why he was able to find out about Immortal Tian Miao.
However, both the Immortal Mansion and the Tower of Sin were foreign objects, so Luo Zheng naturally couldn't find them.
As for the young man who took Luo Yan away, Luo Zheng also tried to find him, but he couldn't find him either …
Unable to find any information, Luo Zheng left him alone for the time being. Under the orders of Daoist White Brow, the four Divine Kingdoms began to distribute the dragon blood.
Luo Zheng saw several Life and Death powerhouses continuously distributing small bottles to many Divine Rank geniuses.
Although the curse of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was dispelled, False Tribulation Realm martial artists still couldn't enter. The remaining power of the Blood Sacrifice was enough to make it difficult for False Tribulation Realm martial artists to move even a single step. They would eventually be trapped in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean and die. Therefore, before entering, every human martial artist had to take a drop of True Dragon's blood!
For ordinary martial artists, True Dragon's blood was a great tonic. After taking it, it could increase the strength of one's body and allow one's Blood Qi to contain a trace of the True Dragon's power. However, for martial artists of this level, this trace of power was negligible. The most important thing was to use the True Dragon's blood to resist the Blood Sacrifice of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
A True Dragon was several thousand miles long, comparable to a continent. In the Upper Realm, it wasn't anything rare. Otherwise, when Luo Zheng first entered the True Dragon World, he wouldn't have been given a drop of True Dragon's blood.
However, it wasn't clear how the four Divine Kingdoms obtained this True Dragon's blood. Presumably, they obtained it through a reverse spirit channel.
Luo Zheng was also given a drop of True Dragon's blood.
True Dragon's blood was very rare for martial artists of the lower realms. However, when Luo Zheng grabbed the small bottle, a strange smile appeared on his face. The True Dragon's blood in his body was far more than the others. Not to mention, Luo Zheng also had True Dragon's blood essence!
Ordinary Dragon's blood wasn't precious, but True Dragon's blood essence was much more precious. This was because Dragon's blood could quickly rise again, but True Dragon's blood essence couldn't. Every drop used was a drop less. Even in the True Dragon World, wanting to obtain a drop of True Dragon's blood essence wasn't easy.
After some martial artists obtained a drop of True Dragon's blood, they couldn't wait to swallow it.
Although this True Dragon's blood wasn't of much use to Luo Zheng, he still absorbed it like the others.
In a short while, the martial artists in the square began to disperse. They knew that they were about to set off.
Just as King Yan had said, the martial artists exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea had to form their own team. Those martial artists gathered in twos and threes.
At this moment, a voice was heard. "Brother Tianxing! Can you join my team for this exploration of the secret realm? "
Luo Zheng turned around and discovered that the one who spoke was the Crown Prince of the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom called "Zhuo 'er." Now, Luo Zheng already knew that the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom was the world of the Lu Clan, and this Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince was called Lu Zhuo.
To be invited by the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince, Luo Zheng's face was quite big.
But then again, the strength that Luo Zheng had displayed was shocking enough. Who wouldn't want Luo Zheng to join their team?
Although the four Divine Kingdoms had explored the Four Great Secret Realms for so many years and had a considerable understanding of them, there were still many unpredictable dangers in this secret realm. With an expert like Luo Zheng in the team, the chances of success would naturally be much higher.
In the face of Lu Zhuo's invitation, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Sorry, I've already accepted King Yan's invitation."
"King Yan? Zhou Zhihua? "Lu Zhuo frowned slightly.
As soon as his voice fell, Zhou Zhihua had already brought Yue Ying and the others over to Luo Zheng. King Yan patted Luo Zheng's shoulder and said to Lu Zhuo, "Yes, Luo Zheng has already joined my team. You're a step too late!"
Lu Zhuo's eyes flickered slightly and revealed a regretful expression. In fact, he already knew that it would be difficult for him to invite Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng wasn't a warrior from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he was representing the Black Iron Divine Kingdom this time. Lu Zhuo just wanted to try his luck.
"Too powerful, Luo Tianxing!" Yue Ying approached Luo Zheng and an excited smile appeared on her face.
Although they already knew that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't to be underestimated and had even sparred with Luo Zheng before, Yue Ying and the others thought that Luo Zheng had displayed at least 80% of his strength! In front of them, he hid at most 20% of his strength.
However, they had never expected that Luo Zheng would be so powerful. Not only did he defeat the most powerful geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms, but he also wounded a Divine Sea Realm warrior. What's more, the Divine Sea Realm warrior was War Emperor Yu the Great, one of the best among the Divine Sea Realm warriors!
If they hadn't witnessed this scene with their own eyes, no one would dare to believe it.
Therefore, the way Yue Ying and the others looked at Luo Zheng had completely changed. Especially Yue Ying, there was only fanatical worship left in her eyes!
To be able to form a team with Luo Zheng was an extremely lucky thing for them. This trip to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean would definitely be fruitful for them.
Luo Zheng nodded lightly. "Okay, when do we set off?"
"We can set off now," King Yan said with a smile. "According to the rules, if you win the challenge of the other three Divine Kingdoms, our Black Iron Divine Kingdom can be the first to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. However, it doesn't matter who we are."
While they were talking, the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince Zhou Ning had already led several people to fly up high. They went upstream along the West Dragon River and entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
"In that case, let's set off too!" Luo Zheng nodded. After wandering around the Divine Kingdom, his most important goal was the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Now, he could finally step into it.
After speaking, Luo Zheng, King Yan, Yue Ying, and the others also flew up and headed straight for the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
The waves in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean rushed to the shore wave after wave. The faint golden light still contained a considerable amount of the power of the blood sacrifice. The moment Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, he felt an omnipresent power enveloping him.
"Is this the power of the blood sacrifice?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Under the influence of the power of the blood sacrifice, Luo Zheng's flying speed slowed down significantly. Luo Zheng's speed slowed down, but King Yan and Yue Ying's speed slowed down even more.