The scattered cultivators continued to head towards the Sky Feather Sacred Sea.
To them, the Sky Feather Sacred Sea was like a huge mine. After a sacrifice, they could suppress the power of the blood sacrifice to a lower level. However, it could only last for about five days.
After five days, the power of the blood sacrifice would gush out from the depths of the Sky Feather Sacred Sea and cover this sea area again. By then, even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty would find it difficult to move.
As the crowd slowed down, Luo Zheng also slowed down behind King Yan. At the same time, he also gradually lowered his altitude.
However, at this moment, several figures shot towards them from the shore. The person in the lead was surrounded by faint lightning.
King Yan looked back and said, "That is the Crown Prince of the Yu Dynasty, Liu Xiu."
Liu Xiu did not participate in the battle just now.
The royal family usually did not participate in this kind of battle. However, since Huo Yuner had jumped out, many Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms wanted to step out and fight Luo Zheng.
However, after Luo Zheng fought with the little monster, Battle Emperor of the Yu Dynasty personally stepped out and was punched by Luo Zheng until he vomited blood. The Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms all gave up on this idea.
To be able to injure a Divine Sea Realm Almighty, Luo Zheng's strength could no longer be described as extraordinary.
However, this did not mean that they would be convinced by Luo Zheng. The four Divine Kingdoms had been established for many years and had given birth to many amazing people. Luo Zheng's strength might be one step ahead of them. However, it did not mean that the latecomers did not have a chance.
Moreover, these Crown Princes and Princes of the Divine Kingdoms had Semi-Divine Artifacts and even Divine Artifacts in their hands. They might not take Luo Zheng seriously.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Liu Xiu, the Crown Prince of the Yu Dynasty, led six people and rushed forward at an extremely fast speed. Although Luo Zheng and King Yan set off first, they did not pursue speed. After a while, Liu Xiu led his people and overtook Luo Zheng and the rest.
When he passed by Luo Zheng, Liu Xiu glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. He didn't stop and continued to fly forward.
"Liu Xiu's hidden talent is also extremely powerful. I haven't seen him fight for seven or eight years. I guess his strength is not below Huo Yuner's." King Yan reminded Luo Zheng.
However, the King of Yan was still quite confident in Luo Zheng. Even the little monster was no match for Luo Zheng. Moreover, Liu Xiu had withstood a punch from Battle God Yu the Great. No matter how terrifying Liu Xiu's talent was, it would be difficult for him to go against Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng only nodded slightly. He maintained a uniform speed and followed behind the King of Yan.
As the group went deeper and deeper into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the influence of the Blood Sacrifice Power grew stronger and stronger. Everyone's altitude became lower and lower.
This was because everyone had swallowed the Blood of the Real Dragon, which could offset a portion of the Blood Sacrifice Power. Otherwise, most of the ancient martial art practitioners would have been pulled into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
After traveling for dozens of miles, other than Luo Zheng, the King of Yan, Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong, and the rest could no longer maintain their altitude. They could only fly close to the surface of the sea.
"I can't take it anymore. Everyone, come down. If you continue like this, you will be pulled into the sea." The King of Yan stopped and took out a small paper boat from his Sumeru Ring. The paper boat looked like it was made of folded pieces of paper. However, densely packed Sacred Patterns were drawn on it.
The Sacred Pattern Art of the four Holy Kingdoms was passed down from the Human Race in the Upper Realm. Those Sacred Patterns were very familiar. However, Luo Zheng was still unable to recognize the effects of these Sacred Patterns.
The King of Yan folded the paper boat and threw it into the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The paper boat instantly expanded with the wind. It rapidly changed from a small piece of paper to a large boat that was dozens of feet long.
This large boat was overflowing with lights and colors. It was extraordinarily exquisite. It was as if it was a large boat that was ridden by immortals.
Seeing Luo Zheng's curious gaze, the King of Yan laughed self-deprecatingly. "This paper boat is a Sacred Weapon. Although it's a High-grade Sacred Weapon, it can only be used to carry people. It's not very meaningful …"
"This paper boat is also passed down from the Upper Realm, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes. Only the weapon refiners from the Upper Realm are willing to spend their time on these aspects," the King of Yan said with a smile.
The resources in the Lower Realm were scarce. Weapon refiners would usually only forge divine weapons. They would rarely spend their time on auxiliary Dharma treasures. This could be seen from Huo Yuner's jade bracelet.
After saying that, Yue Ying was the first to stand on the paper boat. Compared to Zuo Chuandong and Lan Chen, although she had mastered the Law of Time, her strength was indeed slightly inferior. Under the suppression of the power of the blood sacrifice, she was already on the verge of collapse.
After that, Lan Chen and Zuo Chuandong also jumped onto the paper boat, followed by the King of Yan and Luo Zheng. After everyone stood firm, the paper boat steadily moved forward.
Perhaps it was because of the True Dragon's Blood Essence that the power of the blood sacrifice suppressed Luo Zheng much less than other warriors. Even if he did not ride on this paper boat, Luo Zheng was confident that he could cross the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. It was just that there was no need for that.
Other than Luo Zheng's group, the other teams also took out various Dharma treasures. Some were large boats, some were light boats, and there were even two houses floating on the pale golden sea.
The paper boat lived up to its name as a high quality saint artifact. It cut through the waves and moved at an extremely fast speed. Six hours later, the paper boat had been flying for a long time.
The sun gradually set, and the night slowly descended. At this time, a huge island appeared in front of everyone.
Luo Zheng glanced at it. Just as he was about to speak, he realized that he should be able to find this information in his memory. He did not speak, but directly searched in his mind.
Previously, he had not only heard Cao Junfeng describe the Four Great Mystic Realms, but he had also heard the King of Yan talk about the distribution of the Four Great Mystic Realms. However, the effect of other people's descriptions was not as good as his own understanding.
The Feather Emperor Mystic Realm, the Dream God Mystic Realm, and the Divine Emperor Mystic Realm were all located on three islands. Comparing the memories in his mind, Luo Zheng had already obtained the answer. The island in front of him should be the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm.
The closer the paper boat was to the island in front of him, the greater the pressure of the power of the blood sacrifice. Although the sacrifice had offset most of the power of the blood sacrifice to a certain extent, the remaining power of the blood sacrifice could still bring quite a bit of pressure to a False Tribulation Realm warrior.
After a while, the paper boat finally slowly approached the shore. The King of Yan was the first to jump off the paper boat.
Yue Ying's body also swayed. She stepped on the shore, but she seemed to be unable to stand steadily and was about to fall.
However, at the moment when she was about to fall, Luo Zheng arrived in an instant. He reached out his hand to support Yue Ying and helped her up.
"Thank you!" Yue Ying smiled sweetly. Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent as he nodded slightly.
For a False Tribulation Realm warrior, it was extremely difficult to fly on this island. The True Origin in the King of Yan's hand flickered gently and suddenly shot towards the paper boat. The paper boat spun and then quickly turned into the size of a palm and flew back to the King of Yan's hand.
The King of Yan looked at the forest on the island and searched for a direction. He said, "Let's go!"
At the same time, warriors were constantly approaching the shore and entering the forest.
After entering the forest, the King of Yan's expression became very cautious. As he kept moving, he was counting softly.
"Huahua, why are you counting?" Yue Ying asked the King of Yan with a puzzled expression.
The King of Yan frowned and focused on counting. "336, 327 …"
Other than the King of Yan, Luo Zheng, Zuo Chuandong, Yue Ying, and Lan Chen were exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for the first time. When they saw the King of Yan's actions, they were indeed surprised.
"390 …"
"400!"
When the King of Yan counted to 400, he suddenly stopped in his tracks and said to Yue Ying, "We have already entered the 'Arrow Delay Zone'."
"Arrow Delay Zone?" Yue Ying's face was filled with confusion.
The King of Yan nodded and replied, "Yes, that's a type of extremely slow arrow. Everyone has to be careful as we move forward."
Hearing the King of Yan's words, everyone was still a little confused. What exactly was this' Arrow Delay Zone '?
However, the moment the King of Yan took the lead and took a step forward, everyone heard the sound of gears being pulled. Then, a row of densely packed sharp arrows appeared in front of them!
Every arrow was glowing with a blue light, and it was obvious that they contained a deadly poison!