Arrows were generally a symbol of speed. Everyone had seen a lot of arrows that were as fast as lightning, but it was the first time they had seen such slow arrows.
Yue Ying's gaze froze slightly as she said with a serious face, "These arrows seem to be restricted by the law of time. That's why their speed is so slow!"
"Hehe, such slow arrows. They're even slower than my walking speed. Who can they hit?" Zuo Chuandong said with a smile.
King Yan said with a serious face, "Don't underestimate these arrows. The poison on these arrows is Dragon Arsenic! Even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty will die upon contact! It is said that many Life and Death Realm Warriors who first explored the mystic realm died from these arrows! "
Zuo Chuandong's face was full of disbelief. "King Yan, I believe you when you say that the poison on these arrows is very powerful. But I don't believe you when you say that a Divine Sea Realm Almighty died from these arrows!"
The speed of these arrows was so slow that even an old man could easily dodge them. How could he be killed by these arrows? Moreover, he was a Life and Death Realm Warrior!
King Yan smiled bitterly and said, "These arrows are defensive measures left behind by the Dragon Bloodline Clan. I'm just reminding everyone to be careful. As for why, you'll know soon enough."
Although Zuo Chuandong said that he didn't believe him, since King Yan emphasized the danger, a cautious expression appeared on his face.
The four of them followed King Yan and continued to advance in the forest.
In the beginning, there weren't many arrows in this area. They were sparse and flew slowly.
Then, arrows shot from the front. Everyone just had to carefully avoid them. In any case, the speed of these arrows was extremely slow.
But very soon, everyone understood what Prince Yan meant. This area was indeed very dangerous because there were too many sharp arrows!
In the beginning, there might be three to five arrows flying slowly around them. But as everyone went deeper, the number of arrows floating around them began to increase rapidly!
Often, there would be ten or twenty arrows shooting from different directions! Some arrows were arranged in a row, completely blocking the path ahead. They could only fly over or roll on the ground.
Even so, it wasn't difficult for them. Because of the suppression of the power of blood sacrifice, it was difficult for everyone to fly. But False Tribulation Realm Warriors were still quite nimble.
However, Zuo Chuandong couldn't help but reveal a hint of impatience on his face as he was obstructed by these slow-flying sharp arrows!
Facing the incoming arrow, Zuo Chuandong raised the dagger in his hand and slashed at it!
"Don't!"
The King of Yan tried to stop him, but it was too late.
The short saber in Zuo Chuandong's hand was also a medium-grade saint artifact. But when the saber slashed out, the arrow shook slightly. Not only was Zuo Chuandong unable to cut through the arrow, but the arrow actually accelerated!
Swish!
The speed of the arrow increased countless times in an instant, and it shot toward Zuo Chuandong's chest.
Zuo Chuandong was also stunned. He didn't expect that this slowly flying arrow would actually accelerate on its own …
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly struck out and hit Zuo Chuandong's shoulder. Zuo Chuandong's whole body swayed, and his chest was deflected. The sharp arrow shot through his chest and pierced a big hole in his clothes!
"Hurry up and help him take off his clothes!" The King of Yan shouted anxiously when he saw this scene.
There was a bit of blue light on the sharp arrow that stained Zuo Chuandong's clothes. Was this blue light the dragon that the King of Yan mentioned? Poison.
Ordinary poisons would spread in the body of living creatures. However, this Dragon Arsenic was like a living creature. It actually spread through Zuo Chuandong's clothes!
Even if a Life and Death Realm Warrior was stained with this Dragon Arsenic, he would die instantly. Zuo Chuandong panicked. When he heard the King of Yan's words, he actually wanted to take off his clothes …
However, Luo Zheng was even more direct. He struck out with his palm again. The power in his palm spread out and directly shattered Zuo Chuandong's clothes. As for the clothes that were stained with Dragon Arsenic, they also dissipated under the wind from Luo Zheng's palm.
Seeing this scene, the King of Yan heaved a deep sigh of relief.
After escaping death, Zuo Chuandong's mind wasn't clear for a moment. He was still in a daze.
"Wear it! If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, you would be a dead man now! "The King of Yan took out a piece of clothing from his Sumeru Ring and threw it to Zuo Chuandong.
Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and the rest also heaved a sigh of relief. At this moment, Luo Zheng's image in their hearts was raised again. They were extremely lucky to be able to form a team with such a person.
"Don't be careless anymore. As we go deeper, there will be more and more sharp arrows in the Slow Arrow Zone! Although the speed is slow, it's still very difficult to dodge them completely! "The King of Yan warned.
Hearing this, Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and Zuo Chuandong subconsciously moved closer to Luo Zheng. They probably felt a sense of security only by following behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent. He didn't mind protecting them. This Slow Arrow Zone was indeed a little difficult for ordinary warriors. However, it wasn't a problem for Luo Zheng. After all, his body was immune to poison. The scariest thing about these slow-flying sharp arrows was the Dragon Arsenic. In terms of power, it wouldn't cause much harm to Luo Zheng.
"Another row of arrows is coming. Everyone, follow me!" The King of Yan ordered.
As the crowd went deeper, the sharp arrows here had reached a terrifying level. Usually, there would be hundreds of sharp arrows flying over slowly. These sharp arrows were evenly spaced and formed a wall of arrows, pressing towards the crowd.
However, there was a small gap in this' wall of arrows'!
The crowd followed behind the King of Yan. Everyone stood sideways while the 'wall of arrows' covered the crowd. As they were standing sideways, the crowd just happened to pass through the gap.
When they passed through the gap in the 'wall of arrows', there were densely packed sharp arrows in front of them, above them, and behind them. Blue rays of light flashed everywhere. It was indeed hair-raising.
After passing through the wall of arrows, the King of Yan ordered, "Continue walking!"
He didn't expect that just as he gave the order, he would suddenly hear a wail coming from not far away.
"Ah!"
"Li Chan! He was hit by an arrow! "
Hearing this scream, Luo Zheng looked in the direction of the sound and saw that in the open space hundreds of feet to the side, a cultivator had been shot by a sharp arrow!
The warrior who was hit by the arrow seemed to be a god-tier genius from the Xingye Kingdom. The moment he was hit by the arrow, a blue luster appeared on the skin all over his body. Very quickly, the skin started to fester rapidly. His flesh and blood seemed to be boiling and wriggling continuously.
In a short while, the warrior's physical body completely disappeared …
Seeing this horrifying scene, Yue Ying's beautiful face turned pale. Although the King of Yan had warned them that the Dragon Arsenic was extremely powerful, they didn't expect it to be to this extent. Looking at the sharp arrows floating slowly in all directions, the expression in their eyes became more and more fearful.
The team over there looked at their dead teammate and didn't stay for long. Since everyone chose to explore the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, they were already prepared to die. Moreover, they were in this arrow retardation zone. As long as they were careful, it wouldn't be a dangerous place.
"Let's go. Don't look anymore," Luo Zheng said to Yue Ying. Then, he said to the King of Yan, "This time, I will walk in front."
This team was led by the King of Yan. According to the usual practice, he would definitely be the one leading the team. However, since Luo Zheng had spoken, the King of Yan would naturally agree. After all, in the King of Yan's heart, Luo Zheng was still a trustworthy partner.
As they moved forward, everyone fearlessly avoided a few waves of arrows. However, just as they were about to leave the arrow retardation zone, a few figures suddenly shot out in front of them. The figure in the lead had a thunderous momentum.
"Liu Xiu!" The King of Yan's eyes flashed. Liu Xiu's group should be at the front. According to the King of Yan's estimation, they should have already passed through the arrow retardation zone. However, he didn't know why they turned back.
When Liu Xiu heard the King of Yan calling him, he said coldly, "The road ahead is blocked!"
"Why?" The King of Yan asked curiously. He had been to this island before. This was definitely the right way to go!
"See for yourself!" Liu Xiu pointed to the back and revealed a helpless expression.
＝＝＝＝＝