Behind Liu Xiu, there were sharp arrows that covered the sky and the earth, shooting towards them!
Every arrow was shining with a little blue light. Under the night sky, it was extremely beautiful, like the stars in the sky. However, everyone knew that this beauty came from the most deadly poison!
"This … How do we pass through this!" Seeing this scene, Zuo Chuandong said with a trembling voice.
The previous' arrow wall 'only had a few hundred to a thousand arrows. Those arrows were also arranged in a row, so it was not too difficult to pass through.
However, this' arrow wall 'in front of them probably had a few hundred thousand arrows. If the previous' arrow wall 'was a wall, this' arrow wall 'was probably a city wall!
King Yan's eyes flashed and he said, "Go around from the side!"
"It's useless." Liu Xiu shook his head and then pointed to a beautiful woman beside him and said, "I've tried. Concubine Lan and I, one on the left and one on the right, explored the width of this arrow wall. In the end, this arrow wall seems to cover the entire arrow retardation zone!"
As everyone spoke, they began to retreat carefully and discuss countermeasures at the same time.
As everyone retreated, they met up with more and more warriors, including the Crown Prince of the Star Field Divine Kingdom and the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Ning, Zhan Yun, and the others. They also joined the retreating team …
"Strange, when we passed through the arrow retardation zone in the past, we didn't see such a large-scale arrow wall …"
"Is it a little strange this year?"
"Let's avoid this wave of arrow wall first. After this wave of arrow wall disappears, let's move forward and take a look!"
As more and more cultivators gathered, everyone began to discuss the matter.
At this moment, Yue Ying said, "Let's go directly into the sea and go ashore from the other side. Will this method work?"
As soon as Yue Ying finished speaking, everyone looked at Yue Ying as if they were looking at an idiot. Yue Ying was a little embarrassed and her face turned red. King Yan reminded them, "I forgot to remind you that this is the only path to the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm. The two paths … are not paths that we can take."
As a result, dozens of teams and hundreds of God-level geniuses were forced to retreat. After everyone retreated out of the arrow retardation zone, the arrows that were like a city wall dissipated one by one.
"Again!" Liu Xiu gritted his teeth and continued to lead his team forward.
The martial artists that were able to enter the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea were the most powerful young elites of the four Divine Kingdoms. How could they be defeated by such a tiny setback?
Everyone followed Liu Xiu and the others and stepped into the Arrow Retardation Zone.
King Yan frowned and said, "I feel that something is amiss. Something seems to have happened in the Emperor of Feathers Secret Land!"
"No matter what happens, we have to go in," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Others could retreat, but Luo Zheng couldn't. Although Luo Zheng could check Ning Yudie's situation through the memories in his mind, the earlier he got the Life Source Stone, the earlier Luo Zheng could feel at ease.
"Of course!" King Yan said with a smile. He was not someone who would give up so easily.
As a result, Luo Zheng and the others stepped into the Arrow Retardation Zone again.
Although everyone was careful, there were still people who were careless and fell into a desperate situation. Under the encirclement of hundreds of arrows, they couldn't avoid it no matter if they were in front or behind. In the end, they were pierced by the arrows and were poisoned by the Dragon Saliva Poison. Their bodies instantly rotted and disappeared …
Looking at the God-level geniuses who died from the poison, everyone sighed in their hearts. However, they still pressed forward.
However, when everyone had advanced to a certain point, a dense barrage of arrows appeared in front of them once again. It was still a barrage of arrows that looked like a city wall, flying towards them in a black mass.
"This …" Liu Xiu was speechless.
Many of the Divine Kingdoms' princes and crown princes had conflicted expressions on their faces. They probably wouldn't be able to cross today.
If this matter spread, it would be too embarrassing. They explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea once a year, but so many of them couldn't even pass through the Arrow Retardation Zone. No one would believe it!
Just as everyone was hesitating, they heard someone say, "Everyone, follow behind me! I can cross! "
Hearing that voice, everyone looked over. The person who spoke was the crown prince of the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, Huo Chen!
Behind Huo Chen were Huo Yuner and other martial artists from the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom.
Although Huo Chen was the crown prince of the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom, his reputation wasn't as resounding as the other three crown princes. This was because generally speaking, the crown prince of a Divine Kingdom was the most outstanding martial artist of the younger generation. Only such a person could become the crown prince of a Divine Kingdom.
However, Huo Chen's reputation was far from Huo Yuner's. There was even a rumor that Huo Yuner might become the first empress in the history of the four Divine Kingdoms!
However, this didn't mean that Huo Chen wasn't outstanding enough. It was just that Huo Yuner's radiance was too bright and had completely overshadowed the crown prince.
"Huo Chen? What can you do? " Liu Xiu asked with a cold smile. He had always looked down on Huo Chen. In Liu Xiu's heart, this crown prince of a Divine Kingdom was like trash.
Huo Chen's expression was extremely calm. He only said, "Use something to block these arrows!"
"Haha, Huo Chen, are you joking? Don't you know that these arrows are made of Meteorite Iron? What can block these arrows? "Liu Xiu said with a cold smile.
Everyone was part of the royal family of a Divine Kingdom. They more or less had some secret treasures. Huo Yuner had a semi-divine tool. Some of the crown princes even had semi-divine level defensive treasures!
However, there wasn't much they could do in the face of these sharp arrows!
It wasn't that no one had thought of this method in the past. In order to easily pass through the arrow zone, someone had brought a ten foot tall Geng Metal Stone. This Geng Metal Stone was a treasure used to refine tools. It was ten feet tall and ten feet wide. Even a False Tribulation Realm martial artist would have to spend a lot of effort to split this Geng Metal Stone.
Even this Geng Metal Stone couldn't block those sharp arrows. The moment those sharp arrows shot towards the Geng Metal Stone, the time law on them suddenly changed. Their speed instantly increased by a thousand times. Immediately, countless holes appeared in the Geng Metal Stone. That martial artist who thought himself clever naturally died from the Dragon Arsenic.
Seeing that no one believed him, Huo Chen's face revealed a stubborn expression. He knew that everyone looked down on him. He hated it when others looked down on him. Therefore, Huo Chen said, "I have it!"
"Yes, my brother does have it!" At this time, Huo Yuner chimed in from the side.
Unlike the royal families of other Divine Kingdoms, the royal family of Tianfeng Divine Kingdom didn't have so many open and secret struggles. Therefore, the relationship between Huo Yuner and Huo Chen was very good.
"Then take it out and let us see!" A Divine Kingdom Prince said indifferently. However, there was a hint of ridicule in his tone. Obviously, they didn't believe Huo Chen's words.
At this time, Huo Chen lightly tapped the ring hanging on his chest. With a flash of light, a huge stone suddenly appeared in front of Huo Chen.
The surface of the stone emitted a greenish-grey luster. However, the luster on the stone was extremely varied. Ordinary stones could only sense the power of the law of earth. However, some special stones, such as thunder spirit stones, contained the power of the law of thunder. However, everyone could sense the power of different laws from this stone.
To be precise, it was the power of five laws. In other words, the power of the five elements of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth!
Luo Zheng had seen this stone before. Before participating in the Martial Arts Conference, when Luo Zheng was tested, the World Business Alliance used a stone that was exactly the same as this stone. It was the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!
It was said that this Divine Origin Magnet Stone was mined from the Divine Origin Magnet Stone under the Chaotic Astral Ocean. The World Business Alliance only had a small piece. However, Huo Chen took out such a large piece.
Seeing this Divine Origin Magnet Stone, everyone was speechless …
Everyone's vision was enough to recognize the origin of this stone. The problem was that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone was extremely difficult to mine. To take a piece from the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain, it would take a Herculean effort from a Divine Sea Realm expert.