But now, everyone was convinced. The Divine Magnetic Stone was useless, but it was hard. It was so hard that even Divine Sea Realm Almighty couldn't break it.
Who knew that Huo Chen would carry such a large piece of Divine Origin Magnet Stone with him. The other princes had nothing to say about him carrying such a useless thing with him.
"Hmph, do you believe me now?" Huo Chen sneered.
Huo Yuner seemed to be very proud of her brother's foresight. She smiled and said, "If you want to pass through the arrow barrier, follow me!"
Liu Xiu sighed and smiled helplessly. He could only say, "You're good. You even have this thing with you!"
Huo Chen's hands flickered with True Essence as he lifted the Divine Magnetic Stone. Although the Divine Magnetic Stone was only as tall as two people, it was extremely heavy. Even though Huo Chen's body was sturdy and he used the power of True Essence, it was still very strenuous for him. His face turned red.
When Huo Yuner saw that Huo Chen was struggling, she extended her jade-like hand. The jade bracelet on her arm trembled slightly, and a surge of energy gushed out. She helped Huo Chen hold up the huge Divine Magnetic Stone.
The brother and sister carried the Divine Magnetic Stone and opened the path in front.
When everyone saw this, they immediately followed behind. This was probably their only chance to enter the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm. How could they let it go?
King Yan smiled and said to Luo Zheng, "Let's go too!"
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the group.
Just as everyone was hiding behind the Divine Origin Magnet Stone in a long line, the dense barrage of arrows that resembled a city wall was slowly flying over.
Although everyone knew that the Divine Magnetic Stone was impenetrable and abnormally hard, they were still worried when they saw the sharp arrows approaching. If the Divine Magnetic Stone couldn't block them, then they would be in trouble …
"Ding!"
Everyone's vision was blocked by the Divine Magnetic Stone, so they couldn't see the situation of the arrows. They only heard a clear sound and understood that the first arrow had been deflected.
Following that, the voices began to ring out densely.
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding …"
The sound lasted for a while. Huo Chen and Huo Yuner's faces turned red.
Huo Chen said, "These, these arrows are very powerful. Come and help!"
Although these arrows were flying slowly, it wasn't because of their original speed. It was because of the Law of Time that they were flying so slowly.
Under the impact of the arrows, all of their power was exerted on the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. Even if Huo Yuner used the semi-divine tool on her wrist, it was still a bit strenuous.
Just as Huo Chen's voice faded, Luo Zheng's figure flashed by the side of the group. He arrived under the Divine Origin Magnet Stone and gently pushed with his hands.
When Luo Zheng's power surged out, Huo Chen and Huo Yuner immediately felt relaxed. Luo Zheng was actually bearing 90% of the power!
Seeing this, Huo Yuner smiled at Luo Zheng. "Thank you!"
Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent as he replied, "Everyone should be thanking you and your sister. If it weren't for the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, I'm afraid no one would be able to pass through!"
Luo Zheng's words were a bit absolute. It wasn't that no one would be able to pass through this area. It wasn't difficult for cultivators who cultivated the Law of Space to pass through the area. For example, Luo Zheng could easily travel through space to avoid the arrows.
However, in the four Divine Kingdoms, the exploration of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was done in groups. There weren't many cultivators who comprehended the Law of Space. It was difficult for them to abandon their companions and rush through alone!
This majestic group moved forward with Luo Zheng, Huo Chen, and Huo Yuner pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
Just as everyone heaved a sigh of relief and thought that they had passed through the area, someone suddenly screamed, "Left! There are arrows coming from the left too!"
Everyone looked over at the first moment, only to see that the left side was also filled with sharp arrows!
"There are arrows on the right too!" Another cultivator screamed.
Seeing this scene, everyone's expression darkened.
King Yan also cursed, "Damn it! Why is the Jade Emperor Secret Territory so difficult?!"
Now, other than the back, there was a rain of arrows coming from the front, left, and right. There was no blind spot to dodge them!
Under such circumstances, even Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to pass through the rain of arrows without getting hit …
The only person who could pass through the rain of arrows unscathed was probably Yun Longtao. He was proficient in the third level of the Law of Space and could travel through space. However, it was meaningless to pass through him alone.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and roared in a low voice, "Follow me!"
As soon as his voice fell, Luo Zheng crossed his palms and slammed them heavily on the Divine Origin Magnet Stone!
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone shot forward and instantly covered a distance of fifty to sixty feet.
With these two palms, Luo Zheng had fully activated the power of the dragon scale. However, due to the dense rain of arrows in front of him, he could only cover this distance.
Many Divine Grade geniuses reacted extremely quickly. Now, they could only compete with the slow-moving rain of arrows. They had to rush through the area before the rain of arrows closed in!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng used the Divine Origin Magnet Stone to open up a path. Many Divine Grade geniuses behind him immediately followed.
When Luo Zheng caught up with the Divine Origin Magnet Stone again, he slammed his palms on it again. With a loud bang, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone continued to move forward sixty to seventy feet. Borrowing the momentum of his body, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone moved an additional twenty feet!
"We can rush out!"
"Quick! Hurry up! "
"Don't push me!"
Only the space behind the Divine Origin Magnet Stone was safe. Naturally, everyone rushed to follow behind.
"I'll help you, Luo Tianxing!" At this time, a Divine Kingdom Prince suddenly rushed forward. He swept past Huo Chen and Huo Yuner and crashed into the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
This Divine Kingdom Prince was a prince of the Star Field Divine Kingdom. Not only was he a Divine Grade genius, but he also had innate divine strength. Among the younger generation, there was probably no one stronger than him!
Therefore, at this time, he chose to step forward bravely.
"Pu!"
What he never imagined was that after this collision, the Divine Origin Magnet Stone only moved less than a foot …
Seeing this scene, even in the face of danger, everyone still looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a monster …
The Divine Kingdom Prince's innate strength was something that everyone was well aware of. If a martial artist were to compare notes with the Prince, they would avoid engaging in close combat with him. His strength was far greater than the average martial artist's!
But this prince who possessed innate divine strength actually only knocked this Origin Magnetic Divine Stone a foot away. This was simply too exaggerated, right?!
Before this, many cultivators wanted to help Luo Zheng push the stone. Everyone saw that Luo Zheng could push the Divine Origin Magnet Stone dozens of feet away with every palm strike. Their strength might not be as strong as Luo Zheng's, but they should be able to push it 30 or 40 feet away.
Now that they saw it, it was simply wishful thinking. If they went up, they wouldn't even be able to push it half a foot away.
This guy's strength was indeed too abnormal. No wonder even a Divine Sea Realm cultivator was injured by him!
Luo Zheng didn't care about everyone's gazes. He continued to push the stone forward. Under the cover of the stone, the entire team moved forward rapidly …
"Coming, coming!"
Someone screamed. At this time, a rain of arrows flew over from the left and right.
"Hurry up and go forward!"
"There are people in front. We can't go forward!"
Although Luo Zheng's speed of pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone had reached its limit, it was still a bit slow!
However, these cultivators were also constantly dodging between the gaps of those sharp arrows. Sometimes they would jump up, and sometimes they would roll on the ground in a sorry state. At this time, how could they pay attention to their own image and bearing? They had used all the methods they could think of to survive!
Even so, there were still people who were hit by the arrows!
"Ah …"
Miserable screams sounded. At this moment, five or six people were hit by the arrows. Their bodies began to rot rapidly …
"We're almost there. Everyone, hold on a little longer!" Huo Yuner's little face was red. This was her first time entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Although Huo Yuner had the opportunity to enter before, her father didn't allow her to. Today, with great difficulty, he finally allowed her to enter.
At this point, Huo Yuner finally understood that the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was indeed full of dangers.
Just as she shouted this sentence, four sharp arrows came from the left and right. There was almost no space left for her to dodge.