These arrows contained an extremely strong inertia. In addition, the body and arrowhead contained Dragon Arsenic. If an ordinary martial artist were to touch them, they would surely die.
However, this group of martial artists were all god-level geniuses of the four Divine Kingdoms. Each one of them was incomparably nimble and had their own unique skills. So, even though these arrows were coming from three directions, only seven or eight people had died to them.
But now, Huo Yuner was forced into a desperate situation.
If this were any other time, many martial artists wouldn't mind rescuing Huo Yuner. This Divine Kingdom Princess' status was even higher than an ordinary Crown Prince's. If they could save Huo Yuner, the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom would owe them a great favor.
But now, no one dared to step forward. The Dragon Arsenic's toxicity was far too strong. No one dared to touch these arrows. Moreover, as long as one touched these arrows, their speed would instantly increase and they would explode in their original direction. If one tried to forcefully change the direction of these arrows, they would only cause Huo Yuner to die even faster!
"Big Sister!" Huo Chen's eyes were fixed on Huo Yun 'er. He and Huo Yun' er were walking at the front and were relatively safer than the other cultivators. However, there were more and more arrows coming from both sides. Huo Chen had not expected that Huo Yun 'er would be caught in a blind spot.
Huo Yuner's face also revealed a look of hesitation. She looked left and right, as if trying to think of a way to break out!
As she blinked, the jade bracelet shook violently, and a mysterious power of Law spread out with her as the center. She wanted to use the Law of Time to stop these arrows!
However, these arrows were originally supported by the Laws of Time. Moreover, the Laws of Time on these arrows seemed to be even stronger than Huo Yuner's. These arrows didn't stop flying. Instead, they slowly approached her at their own speed!
When two people used the Laws of Time at the same time, the stronger Laws of Time would completely cover the weaker Laws of Time. So, after she released the Laws of Time, not only did it not affect the arrows, but it even slowed down the time for the surrounding martial artists …
Seeing this, Huo Yuner finally panicked. She hurriedly withdrew her Laws of Time. Then, the other martial artists began to curse her. It was because her Laws of Time had nearly caused the deaths of other martial artists …
Since the Laws of Time were ineffective, she didn't dare to use any other martial skills to attack these arrows. As she looked at the slowly approaching arrows, despair slowly filled her heart.
"Am I not strong enough? Father was right. With my current strength, I am still not qualified to explore the secret realm alone. I never thought that I would die in my first exploration of the secret realm. "Huo Yuner thought to herself in despair.
Her personality was positive and cheerful. The only problem was that she was too naive. She imagined everything in the world to be beautiful and never felt the cruelty of the world.
Huo Yuner was somewhat regretful. Her father emperor had a divine level close-fitting clothes. Originally, he wanted to give it to her. That divine level close-fitting clothes should be able to block these arrows, but Huo Yuner firmly refused. She always felt that her father emperor spoiled her too much. How could she grow like this?
Only when she was faced with death did she realize that she was still too naive. Unfortunately, it was already too late. The arrowheads of those sharp arrows were shining with a blue light, like the luster of the Grim Reaper's scythe, closing in on her step by step.
At this moment, Luo Zheng gave up on pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. Instead, he instantly crossed space and returned to Huo Yuner.
"Why did he come back?" Huo Yuner blinked her eyes. She had already been forced into a dead end by the four crisscrossing arrows. There was no way for her to break out. Did he want to save her? This was simply an impossible task. Unless Luo Zheng blocked those arrows himself. Moreover, with the power of these arrows, once touched, they could easily penetrate the body of any cultivator!
"Luo Tianxing! What are you doing! Quickly push your stone! Damn it, do you want to kill us? "
"Idiot, we almost got out of the arrow zone. Why did you come back!"
"If you don't push that Divine Origin Magnet Stone, all of us will die here!"
Although Luo Zheng had already erupted with all his strength and quickly pushed the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, under the pressure of the Grim Reaper, no one would complain about his speed. They only wished that Luo Zheng could push the stone as fast as he could so that everyone could follow him and rush out!
Right now, they were only a few dozen feet away from rushing out of the arrow zone. However, Luo Zheng stopped, gave up on the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, and turned back. Was he trying to kill everyone?
Yan Wang, Yue Ying, Zuo Chuandong, and the others did not speak. Although they were also very anxious and did not understand why Luo Zheng turned back, Luo Zheng's previous performance had already made everyone fully trust Luo Zheng.
Hearing those curses, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. These guys did not seem to understand their own situation. He did not care about the lives of others at all. However, Huo Yuner had left a good impression on Luo Zheng. Especially when he was about to take the punch from Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Huo Yuner was actually willing to lend her semi-divine tool to him. Luo Zheng was grateful for this.
However, Luo Zheng also knew that Huo Yuner's actions were only due to her personality and did not mean anything. Even so, he had to save Huo Yuner.
When Luo Zheng rushed to Huo Yuner's side, the four arrows that were blocking her from the left and right were only a few feet away from Huo Yuner!
"What are you trying to do?" Seeing Luo Zheng stretch out his hand towards the arrows, Huo Yuner's face revealed a look of fear. Everyone had seen the toxicity of the Dragon Arsenic on the arrows with their own eyes. Many god-level geniuses had already died from these arrows. Luo Zheng stretched out his hand to grab them just like that?
Everyone was eagerly waiting for Luo Zheng to push the stone, so their gazes were also focused on Luo Zheng. They knew that Luo Zheng wanted to save Huo Yuner, but they never thought that Luo Zheng would grab those arrows with his bare hands.
Was this the rhythm of courting death?
Under everyone's watchful eyes, Luo Zheng directly stretched out his hand and pressed on the tip of the two arrows on the right!
Because of the Law of Time, as long as there was any collision, these arrows would instantly accelerate and explode. If Luo Zheng casually hit the arrows, then the exploding arrows would very likely pierce through Huo Yuner. Therefore, he chose to grab the tip of the arrows!
The moment Luo Zheng grabbed the tip of the arrows, he felt an extremely huge force surge out from the arrows!
The two arrows were propelled by Luo Zheng's hands, and Luo Zheng used skillful movements. The impact of the two arrows caused Luo Zheng's hands to sway, and the back of his hands directly hit Huo Yuner's body. It was because of this collision that Huo Yuner escaped from danger.
At the same time, the two arrows pierced through Luo Zheng's hands and flew away, disappearing without a trace.
The strength of Luo Zheng's hands was comparable to a Sacred Artifact, but they were actually pierced through by these two arrows. One could imagine the power contained within these arrows …
Huo Yuner stared blankly at Luo Zheng. Although she knew that she was saved, she also knew that Luo Zheng was dead for sure!
She saw that not only was there blood flowing out from Luo Zheng's hands, but the blue Dragon Arsenic was also constantly spreading. Soon, the Dragon Arsenic began to spread along Luo Zheng's wrists.
"Don't be in a daze! Don't count on this guy, he's dead for sure! Let's push the stone ourselves! "
"Yes, don't count on Luo Tianxing, let's go! Everyone be careful, don't touch Luo Zheng, or else you'll also be infected by the Dragon Arsenic! "
Some of the martial artists who recovered from their shock didn't pay attention to Luo Zheng. If they didn't push the Divine Origin Magnet Stone, they would all die.
Therefore, five or six figures flew out and began to fiercely bombard the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
Several god-grade geniuses pushed the stone at the same time, and it was somewhat effective. The Divine Origin Magnet Stone began to move again, but it could only move five or ten feet at a time. Compared to Luo Zheng's palm that moved seven or eight feet, it was a far cry!
Only Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, King Yan, and Yue Ying were staring blankly at Luo Zheng.
"The Dragon Arsenic is spreading along his body, but why … why didn't this fierce poison corrode his body?" The same question flashed in Huo Yuner and Huo Chen's minds.
＝＝＝＝＝