Yan Wang and Yue Ying were also shocked. Even though they trusted Luo Zheng and knew that Luo Zheng had at least seventy to eighty percent confidence in every step he took, they just couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng was able to resist the Dragon Arsenic.
Almighty Divine Sea Realm experts might be able to block these slow-flying arrows, but they also wouldn't allow the Dragon Arsenic to contaminate their bodies. The Dragon Arsenic was a secret poison of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Even now, the four Divine Kingdoms still hadn't found the antidote and formula.
How did he do it?
At this moment, another scream came from not far away. The number of arrows coming from the left and right was increasing. It was getting harder and harder to dodge!
Luo Zheng didn't have time to explain anything to them. It was better to let everyone rush out of the arrow zone first.
"Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng roared. His body was stained with Dragon Arsenic. At this time, he was still alive and kicking as he rushed forward. Suddenly, everyone was shocked!
The poison on his body continued to spread. He looked like a statue covered in blue paint. Who would dare to touch Luo Zheng?
Under his roar, the people in front stepped aside and opened up a path for Luo Zheng to rush through.
"Look at how the Dragon Arsenic is spreading. Has the poison already attacked his heart?!"
"Damn, the poison attacked his heart and he's still acting like he's on steroids. This guy really isn't human!"
"At least he's still willing to push the stone. He's sacrificing himself for everyone …"
These Divine Realm geniuses didn't know why Luo Zheng was still alive and kicking after being poisoned by the Dragon Arsenic. They only guessed that Luo Zheng might have some secret method that could temporarily extend his life. When this last breath dissipated, he wouldn't be able to escape death.
"Bang … Bang … Bang …"
The warriors who were pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone together also moved away from Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's palm continued to hit the Divine Origin Magnet Stone.
With the eruption of Luo Zheng's power, the Divine Magnetic Stone quickly moved forward.
In the end, everyone saw a row of black walls standing at the edge of the arrow zone. Within the walls, there were small round holes arranged in a regular pattern. From those round holes, sharp arrows continuously flew out.
There were originally three walls in the area where the arrows were slowed down. Only the direction where the group had shot out from did not have such a wall. Therefore, the slow-flying arrows continuously flew in from the front, left, and right. ,
"Bang! Rumble!
Seeing that they were already here, Luo Zheng directly kicked the Divine Magnetic Stone. The huge stone was directly kicked up by Luo Zheng and finally hit the wall, blocking part of the round hole on the wall!
"Go up!"
Immediately, Luo Zheng jumped up, stepped on the Divine Magnetic Stone, and jumped to the top of the wall.
The warriors behind him did not hesitate. They stepped on the Divine Magnetic Stone and stood on the wall. However, they still maintained a considerable distance from Luo Zheng. After all, the blue Dragon Arsenic on Luo Zheng's body was really frightening.
After a while, all the warriors left the area where the arrows were slowed down. Huo Chen walked up to Luo Zheng and said, "Thank you for saving my sister!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and replied, "It's just a small matter. No need to thank me."
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and stared at the Dragon Arsenic on Luo Zheng's body. She asked, "Luo Tianxing, are you … okay?"
Huo Yuner was very grateful that Luo Zheng was willing to risk his life to save her. However, to let Luo Zheng die because of her was absolutely unacceptable to Huo Yuner.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "This Dragon Arsenic is really strange. It can actually spread on its own. However, this poison shouldn't be able to kill me!"
At this time, Yan Wang, Yue Ying, and the others also walked over. They were also worried. However, so much time had passed and Luo Zheng still looked like he was fine. When they heard Luo Zheng speak like this, their hanging hearts immediately relaxed.
Luo Zheng looked at his blue hands and frowned. He said, "However, I really need to expel this Dragon Arsenic before continuing!"
"It's okay, Brother Tianxing. We will wait for you," Yan Wang smiled faintly.
As for Huo Chen, before he could say anything, Huo Yuner also said, "Then we will also wait for you!"
"Let's go!" Liu Xiu only glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. There was no trace of gratitude in her eyes.
Other than Huo Chen's team and Yan Wang's team, the other warriors who had just passed through the arrow buffer zone did not stop at all. Even if it was Luo Zheng's credit that everyone was able to pass through the arrow buffer zone, in their hearts, they felt that this was what Luo Zheng should do. After all, he also wanted to live.
Sitting on the wall, one could still see the dense number of arrows crisscrossing and flying slowly. These flying arrows each occupied their own path, but they would not collide with each other. It had to be said that the Dragon Bloodline Clan had spent a lot of effort in setting up this mechanism.
The characteristics of the Dragon Arsenic were very strange. It only spread along the surface of Luo Zheng's body and did not enter the depths of Luo Zheng's body. Therefore, when Luo Zheng sat down, he only needed to expel the Dragon Arsenic on the surface.
As Luo Zheng slowly drew out his True Yuan from his Dantian, it first extended along his arms. Then, Luo Zheng controlled his True Yuan to try to fuse with the Dragon Arsenic.
The moment the two fused, the Dragon Arsenic emitted billowing smoke. Even the smoke was blue!
"Be careful, spread out!" Luo Zheng was shocked and immediately warned.
Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, Yan Wang and the others were watching Luo Zheng expel the poison. When they saw the blue smoke, how could they not know that it was poisonous smoke? As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, they maintained a distance of fifty to sixty feet from Luo Zheng. The most exaggerated one was Zuo Chuandong. He actually ran along the wall for a distance of more than a hundred feet.
Seeing this scene, Yue Ying laughed and said, "You don't have to run so far!"
Zuo Chuandong's face turned red. He chuckled and slowly walked back.
The Dragon Arsenic was indeed very tyrannical. It could even corrode True Yuan. The blue poisonous smoke was produced after the Dragon Arsenic corroded True Yuan.
However, while the Dragon Arsenic corroded True Yuan, a considerable part of it was neutralized by True Yuan. Seeing this, Luo Zheng simply drew out the True Yuan in his body. Thus, the surface of Luo Zheng's body was covered in billowing blue smoke.
After more than ten breaths, when Luo Zheng had consumed about a third of the True Yuan in his body, the Dragon Arsenic in his body had completely disappeared. Luo Zheng's complexion had also returned to normal.
He hadn't even stood up when a jade-like hand passed him a peach-carved stone. Seeing this stone, Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. Then, he realized that this was actually a top-grade True Essence Stone. The carving skill of this stone was also extremely powerful. It looked like a lifelike peach, except for the color.
He only heard Huo Yuner say softly, "You used up a lot of True Yuan. Replenish it!"
Enjoying a top-grade True Yuan Stone was not a big deal. Even with Luo Zheng's current status, a top-grade True Yuan Stone was nothing, let alone these Divine Kingdom Crown Princes and Princesses.
However, what made Luo Zheng speechless was the shape of the top-grade True Yuan Stone. This True Yuan Stone was not carved so delicately, right?
Seeing Luo Zheng's strange expression as he took the "peach", Huo Yuner smiled and said, "I carved this when I had nothing to do. It's not bad, right?"
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng gently crushed the "peach" and began to absorb the pure True Yuan within. Then, he nodded and said, "Not bad, it's really not bad …"
The Divine Kingdom Continent's warriors were much more comfortable than the Central Domain's warriors, and the Central Domain's warriors were much more comfortable than the Sea God Continent's warriors.
Hence, the Divine Kingdom Continent's warriors and the Central Domain's warriors basically did not have time to take care of other interests. How could they be like Huo Yuner, who actually had the time to spare after cultivating?
"Alright, let's continue our journey!" At this moment, King Yan opened his mouth and said.
Now that Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, and the rest of the team had stayed behind, King Yan was well aware that everyone had formed a new team with Luo Zheng as the leader. However, this was also good. Although Huo Yuner was very naive, her strength was probably above his.
"After passing the Arrow Stalling Area, we will reach the Spiritual Beast Field. However, due to the Blood Sacrifice, all the Spiritual Beasts in the Spiritual Beast Field have died," King Yan continued.
The Blood Sacrifice of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was to sacrifice the lives of the entire clan. Theoretically, there were no living creatures in the Four Great Mystery Lands.
"Then, isn't there no danger?" A god-level genius following Huo Chen asked.