Actually, when everyone entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, they naturally had to do some research. This god-level genius had asked a pointless question.
The four Divine Kingdoms had explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean for countless years, but they had yet to fully understand it. The biggest reason was that it was filled with danger.
However, compared to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, the Feather Emperor Secret Realm, Dream God Secret Realm, and Divine Emperor Secret Realm were much easier. Therefore, the four Divine Kingdoms would leave these three secret realms for the younger generation to explore after the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was opened every year.
As for the Divine Sea Realm and Life and Death Realm experts, they would not be idle. After the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was opened, they would think of ways to enter the most troublesome and dangerous Heavenly Star Secret Realm!
King Yan said, "Once, the Dragon Bloodline used blood sacrifices to spread the curse. Many Spirit Beasts reared in the Spiritual Beast Field were also sacrificed. However, after their deaths, their vengeful spirits are still floating around. When everyone enters the Spiritual Beast Area, please be careful."
Actually, King Yan had already sensed that something was wrong with the Arrow Slow Zone. He estimated that the Spiritual Beast Area would be more dangerous. It was a good thing to be more vigilant.
After everyone nodded, they continued to move forward.
The Arrow Slow Zone was a messy forest, while the Spiritual Beast Area was a pitch-black grassland. The weeds on the ground were like worms, constantly wriggling.
Looking at the wriggling weeds, King Yan reminded everyone, "Everyone, try to walk faster. Don't stop!"
"Why?" Zuo Chuandong seemed to have not learned his lesson. Before he fully understood the situation, he stepped into the area. Who knew that the moment he stepped on the grass, the weeds would wriggle violently. Then, they formed a small grass trap and tripped Zuo Chuandong's feet.
"King Yan, are you referring to this?" Zuo Chuandong's face revealed a disdainful expression. How could a small weed trap a False Tribulation Realm expert like him? After reaching the False Tribulation Realm, one would have the power to split open a mountain.
Therefore, Zuo Chuandong lifted his feet and kicked the grass trap to pieces.
However, Zuo Chuandong did not expect the weeds to be so tough. The thin roots of the grass entwined together and tripped him!
A helpless smile appeared on Zuo Chuandong's face. He had indeed underestimated these weeds, but there was nothing he could do about it.
However, just when he wanted to get up, the weeds on his fingers wriggled desperately, forming a grass trap that locked his arms to the ground. In almost the blink of an eye, all the weeds covered Zuo Chuandong's body. Looking around, how could he still find him? Everyone could only see a small mound of earth. No matter how the mound of earth struggled, Zuo Chuandong was unable to break free from the shackles of these weeds.
At this moment, King Yan's figure flashed and a crimson-gold sharp knife appeared in his hand. He moved swiftly in the grassland with light footsteps. When he reached Zuo Chuandong's side, he lowered the tip of the sharp knife slightly and swept past Zuo Chuandong's body.
"Whoosh …"
Subsequently, the weeds on Zuo Chuandong's body broke apart. Zuo Chuandong then took the opportunity to jump up and pat his body. When he looked at the weeds again, there was fear on his face.
In fact, there were many ways to deal with these weeds. For example, warriors who cultivated the fire-elemental laws could burn these weeds completely by circulating their True Origin. However, Zuo Chuandong, Lan Chen, and the rest were more inclined to support. They really could not do anything to these inconspicuous weeds on the ground.
King Yan said indifferently, "These weeds are called Black Thread Grass. They are extremely tough! However, they are not difficult to deal with. However, when we encounter those vengeful spirits, I'm afraid that they will bring trouble to everyone. Therefore, everyone should try to walk briskly and not be tripped by these weeds! "
Under King Yan's reminder, everyone raised their feet and moved swiftly on the grassland.
On this vast black grassland, there were only a few bare trees. Everyone's goal was also very wide. Therefore, the oppressive mood in the Arrow Retardation Zone gradually disappeared. They chased forward for a while. Suddenly, they saw lightning flashing and thunder rumbling not far in front of them!
"Crack! Crack … "
Seeing this scene, King Yan's eyes flashed and he said, "Let's follow them!"
Luo Zheng followed closely behind King Yan. Looking at the lightning that kept striking down, his eyes were filled with calmness.
When they walked over to take a look, they realized that the hundreds of god-level geniuses did not go far. At least half of them stayed here. However, these hundreds of people seemed to be surrounding something …
"This thing is only afraid of lightning! All warriors who cultivate the fire-elemental laws, attack together and strike it to death! "
"Try harder. It should not be able to take it anymore!"
"We are so lucky to have found a vengeful spirit beast the moment we entered!"
Luo Zheng approached slowly. With the help of the light from the flashes of lightning, he could see more clearly.
It turned out that in the middle of the warriors, there was a human-shaped vengeful spirit. The vengeful spirit extended both of its arms. However, its movements were extremely slow. It kept uttering some strange syllables from its big mouth.
Because its movement speed was too slow, it could not catch any warrior. Those warriors who were proficient in the fire-elemental laws surrounded the vengeful spirit and kept releasing the power of the fire-elemental laws …
Seeing this scene, Huo Yuner's eyes flashed slightly. Her voice rang out, "Everyone, can you stop?"
Liu Xiu accumulated the True Origin in his body. Then, a raging purple lightning spurted out from his body. With a bang, it hit the vengeful spirit. The vengeful spirit was most afraid of the power of lightning. As lightning could repel all evils, the vengeful spirit trembled violently when the lightning struck it.
At this moment, Liu Xiu heard Huo Yuner's words. He glanced at her indifferently and said, "Princess Yuner, why do you want us to stop?"
"This, this vengeful spirit feels very pitiful …" Huo Yuner replied.
"Hahahaha …"
"Princess Yuner is overflowing with sympathy! She is too cute! "
"Speaking of which, it would feel good to have such a woman as the Imperial Concubine!"
Huo Yuner's words immediately caused a roar of laughter. Without the supervision of the elders, the younger generation began to act unscrupulously.
During the battle between Huo Yuner and Luo Zheng, many god-level geniuses already knew what kind of warrior Huo Yuner was. She seemed to be full of sympathy for everything. The problem was that it was fine if she was full of sympathy for humans and ordinary creatures. But now, she was even full of sympathy for the vengeful spirit …
After the roar of laughter, those warriors continued to pour out the lightning in their hands. Purple, blue, and white lightning struck the vengeful spirit one after another.
A large number of Sense Beads could be obtained from the vengeful spirit beast. This kind of item could strengthen the soul. Even in the Kingdom of Gods, it was extremely popular. How could they be willing to give it up when Huo Yuner asked them to?
"Crackle, crackle …" Those lightning bolts exploded with loud sounds.
Seeing this scene, Zuo Chuandong looked helplessly at King Yan and said, "This Spiritual Beast Area is not as scary as you said …"
Because of the encounter in the Arrow Retardation Area, everyone almost lost their lives. After entering the Spiritual Beast Area, under King Yan's reminder, everyone's hearts were tense. Now, it seemed that the vengeful spirit could only be bullied by the warriors. It did not even have the ability to fight back.
King Yan's face revealed a helpless smile. "It was very easy to pass through the Arrow Retardation Area last time. However, we encountered a lot of trouble in the Spiritual Beast Area. This time, it is the opposite!"
When Huo Chen saw Huo Yuner's unwilling expression, he advised her, "Sister, you can't stop them. Let's go first!"
Huo Chen urged them to leave. Zuo Chuandong, Lan Chen, and the rest were somewhat reluctant, especially Lan Chen. He originally cultivated a Spiritual Cultivation Technique. The Sense Beads in the vengeful spirit beast were very beneficial to him. For a moment, he was somewhat hesitant.
At this moment, Qinglong's voice rang in Luo Zheng's mind.