Hearing Qinglong's warning, Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face. He asked, "What's wrong? What's going on? "
"The Resentful Spiritual Beast is speaking the language of the Dragon Tribe," Qinglong said quickly.
"The language of the Real Dragon Tribe?" Luo Zheng knew that the Real Dragon Tribe had their own language. However, when he entered the Central Domain of the Real Dragon Realm, it was not difficult for him to communicate with the Dragon Bloodlines. He did not expect the Dragon Tribe to have their own language.
"Yes, that resentful spirit is summoning other resentful spirits in the Spiritual Beast Field. If we don't leave now, I'm afraid we won't be able to leave later!" Qinglong exhorted.
After Azure Dragon finished speaking, Luo Zheng turned around and looked at the resentful spirit who was constantly being struck by lightning. A hint of vigilance appeared on his face as he said to King Yan and the others, "Let's go! Let's go! "
King Yan was curious when he heard Luo Zheng's urging. Luo Zheng was not in a hurry just now. Why did he suddenly become so anxious?
"Let's go quickly! That Resentful Spiritual Beast is summoning resentful spirits, "Luo Zheng urged.
King Yan still had a strange look on his face. However, when he saw Luo Zheng's serious expression, he did not continue to ask. When King Yan was about to leave with everyone, he turned back and saw the Crown Prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Ning.
Zhou Ning was also leading Zhan Yun, Xiao Daoyuan and the others to surround the Resentful Spiritual Beast. They seemed to want a share of the loot.
Although there was a huge conflict between him and Zhou Ning, they were still half-brothers. Thinking of this, he said a few words to Zhou Ning through Genuine Energy Sound Transmission.
Zhou Ning looked at King Yan in surprise and frowned. However, he seemed to believe King Yan's words. He led Zhan Yun, Xiao Daoyuan and the others away from the Resentful Spiritual Beast quietly.
The moment Zhou Ning led them away, they heard the Resentful Spiritual Beast roaring at the sky!
"It's dying! Everyone, let's work harder! "Liu Xiu shouted excitedly.
"No matter how many Spiritual Beads we get, as long as we work hard, we'll share them equally!"
"Equally? Are you dreaming? Naturally, whoever is stronger will get the most! "
However, the scene that everyone expected did not happen. The Resentful Soul Beast was not killed by the lightning. Instead, after a roar, it suddenly lay on the ground. At the same time, with it as the center, the weeds within a hundred feet of it suddenly began to grow wildly!
"Kachacha …"
Due to the power of the blood sacrifice, everyone was unable to fly, so they kept running around the Resentful Spirit Spiritual Beast. Within a breath's time, the weeds grew to a height of ten feet, wrapping all the warriors within a radius of ten feet!
Layers of weeds tightly bound them!
"Ahhh …"
"Hurry up and get out!"
Although all the warriors were struggling with all their might, these weeds were not that easy to break free from.
The Vengeful Spirit Beast slowly walked towards a warrior. The warrior was bound by thousands of weeds and was unable to break free. He could only watch as the Vengeful Spirit Beast slowly raised its palm and smashed it heavily on the warrior's body!
Although the Vengeful Spirit Spiritual Beast moved slowly, its strength was shocking. When the palm came down, it directly split the martial artist into two. Then, it moved on to the next martial artist.
Zhou Ning brought Xiao Daoyuan, Zhan Yun and the others away, but they just happened to avoid the area where the weeds grew. It was all thanks to his brother Zhou Zhihua's reminder, but he was also bound by the weeds.
"Peng!"
The warriors who were bound by the weeds would not sit still and wait for death. Some warriors who were proficient in the Law of Fire suddenly released raging flames from their bodies and began to burn the damned weeds!
"Stop burning! It's burning me! "
"If we don't burn it, how can we get out?"
"The Resentful Spirit Spiritual Beast is coming towards me. Who can save me …"
In this patch of weeds, there was chaos. Everyone wanted to break free from these damn weeds. Some powerful warriors or warriors with sharp weapons in their hands had indeed broken free from these weeds. However, most of the warriors were caught off guard and were still trapped in these weeds.
In the midst of this struggle, everyone suddenly heard shrill screams. In the sky, a black mass of vengeful spirits was flying towards them!
The warriors who were bound by the weeds showed despair on their faces.
"Don't look, let's go!" When Luo Zheng left, he patted Huo Yuner's shoulder. She was previously worried about the Resentful Spirit Spiritual Beast, but now, she was worried about the safety of the warriors …
However, now was not the time to worry about others. The black mass of Resentful Spirits numbered in the tens of thousands. If they were caught in it, their fate could be imagined.
The group quickly left the place.
However, when Luo Zheng rushed out for six to seven miles, he suddenly heard a huge tremor behind him!
"Rumble!"
Luo Zheng turned his head and saw an extremely thick thunderbolt exploding towards the sky!
The deafening roar shook the entire Spiritual Beast District, and the vengeful spirits that were hovering in the sky disappeared in an instant.
"This thunderbolt!" Luo Zheng saw the dazzling light and his heart was beating rapidly.
When King Yan saw the thick thunderbolt, he smiled helplessly and said, "It's Liu Xiu."
"He's so powerful?" Luo Zheng asked. The power of the thunderbolt was comparable to the full blow of a Divine Sea Realm Almighty!
King Yan shook his head and laughed, "He's the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom."
The headquarters of the Esoteric Sect was built in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. Even the Saintess Bai Yuerong lived in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The Great Yu Divine Kingdom was able to stand out among the four Divine Kingdoms because of the Esoteric Sect.
The resources that were passed down from the Reverse Spirit Channel were basically given priority to the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. As the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, Liu Xiu naturally had a lot of good treasures in his hands.
King Yan continued, "If I'm not wrong, he must have used the Heavenly Thunder Halberd. The Heavenly Thunder Halberd can only be used once. Moreover, it can be ranked as a Semi-Divine Artifact!"
A one-time use treasure, and a Semi-Divine Artifact at that. Luo Zheng was shocked. No wonder it was so powerful!
But then again, if he did not use this thing, he would have become a corpse. The members of the royal family did have many good things in their hands. Presumably, Huo Chen, Huo Yun 'er, and King Yan more or less had life-saving things in their hands, right?
Almost 99% of the vengeful spirits in the spirit beast area were wiped out by the lightning bolt just now. As a result, the pressure on everyone was instantly relieved.
Everyone maintained a certain speed and advanced along the grass in the Spiritual Beast Area. At this time, Huo Yuner asked, "After passing through the Spiritual Beast Area, can we enter the secret realm?"
When King Yan heard Huo Yuner's words, he nodded and said, "In theory, yes. After passing through the Spiritual Beast Area, we will arrive at the central area of the island. We just need to find the entrance to the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm!"
In the second half of the journey, everyone didn't encounter any trouble. They passed through the Spiritual Beast Area easily. Then, everyone saw a magnificent scenery in front of their eyes!
The lines formed by various jades and rays of light outlined a world that was like a fairyland. Every pavilion emitted a riot of colors. Usually, if the colors were too rich, it would give people a feeling of vulgarity. However, the colors in front of them were perfectly matched. It didn't make people feel uncomfortable or dazzled!
"It's so beautiful!" When she saw the scenery, Huo Yuner was the first to rush in. Her eyes were shining with a riot of colors. Everyone's hearts were tense along the way. When they suddenly saw the beautiful scenery, everyone's mood was relaxed.
Luo Zheng also walked in slowly. He looked carefully at the buildings in front of him. The buildings of the Dragon Bloodline Clan were very exquisite. The materials of the buildings were mixed with various colors of luminous sand.
These luminous sand absorbed the sunlight during the day and refracted different rays of light at night. Even after thousands of years, they were still dazzling.
"The entrance is here." It wasn't King Yan's first time here. He was already used to it. After a glance, he led everyone to find the entrance to the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm.
＝＝＝＝＝