The Dragon Bloodline Clan had once built a glorious civilization in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. Along the way, the group admired the buildings that were different from the style of the human race. Occasionally, someone would sigh.
"How great would it be if we could stay here forever?" Yue Ying couldn't help but sigh.
"Stay here …" Zuo Chuandong smiled and said, "The power of the blood sacrifice could directly crush you!"
Under the strong influence of the power of the blood sacrifice, only the members of the Dragon Bloodline Clan could survive here. There were rumors that the descendants of the Dragon Bloodline Clan were still living in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean. However, it was ultimately just a rumor.
Luo Zheng ignored the scenery and followed closely behind King Yan. This time, Luo Zheng had to bring along enough Origin Stones of Life. This was also his main purpose in entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
Under King Yan's lead, the group saw a "pyramid" appear in front of them.
The shape of this pyramid was very unique. From the bottom to the top of the pyramid, there were many narrow doors that were as wide as a person and as tall as a person! On the top of this pyramid, there were many such narrow doors. These narrow doors could only allow one person to pass through. The person who built these narrow doors probably wanted only one person to pass through.
"Which door is the entrance?" Luo Zheng asked as he looked at the numerous narrow doors. He roughly estimated that there were at least tens of thousands of narrow doors on such a huge pyramid.
Unexpectedly, King Yan spread his hands and smiled. "They are all entrances. Every single door is an entrance!"
"So many doors …" Yue Ying looked at King Yan curiously.
King Yan smiled faintly and said, "This mine of the Dragon Bloodline Clan does indeed have tens of thousands of doors …"
Just as King Yan was explaining, the group suddenly saw an azure light circle appear on the upper side of the pyramid. Then, a few people fell from the light circle!
"Poof, poof, poof …"
These martial artists were also god-grade geniuses who had passed through the Arrow Stalling Area at the same time as Luo Zheng. Only about half of the martial artists had stayed in the Spirit Beast Area. The other half had directly chosen to pass through the Spirit Beast Area and come here. Therefore, they were the first to enter the mine.
Luo Zheng glanced at them. They were carrying golden-red pickaxes. "These guys, even their pickaxes are low-grade immortal tools?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, King Yan smiled and said, "Brother Tianxing, you are ignorant and inexperienced. The mine under the Dragon Vein Clan is totally different from what you imagined. Ordinary iron pickaxes can't dig it at all. You have to use an immortal weapon pickaxe to dig it."
In Luo Zheng's mind, a normal mine was a mixture of mud and stone. Even if there were extremely hard gangue in the ore bed, in the hands of a martial artist, wasn't it the same as mud? Why would he need an immortal artifact?
After those martial artists fell, they carried the pickaxes on their shoulders and rushed into the narrow doors of the pyramid again …
Seeing the puzzled expression on Luo Zheng's face, King Yan shook his head and said, "Alright, in a while, everyone will understand what is going on! Yue Ying, come and get your pickaxes! "
"What? They also want to mine? "Yue Ying said with a face full of reluctance.
King Yan naturally ignored Yue Ying's nonsense. He took out a pickaxe from his Sumeru Ring and threw it at Yue Ying.
Just now, those martial artists were holding low-grade immortal tools. Now, the pickaxe in King Yan's hand was even more ridiculous. It was actually a high-grade immortal tool …
Thinking that the weapon refiners of the Black Iron Divine Nation could actually refine such a strange thing, Luo Zheng could only sigh. The gap was really huge.
Huo Chen and Huo Yuner also distributed the pickaxes to the people they brought.
After King Yan distributed the pickaxes to Yue Ying, Lan Chen, and Zuo Chuandong, only Luo Zheng and King Yan did not have pickaxes in their hands.
However, King Yan chuckled and took out two azure pickaxes from his Sumeru Ring.
When Luo Zheng's eyes saw the pickaxes, his eyes flashed. These two pickaxes could actually be classified as low-grade immortal tools!
"Brother Tianxing, it is easy to get a low-grade immortal tool sword. However, I still spent a lot of effort to get a pair of pickaxes of this grade!" King Yan threw one of the pickaxes to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng waved the pickaxe in his hand a few times. The strange expression on his face became even more intense. He thought about how the Central Domain would often fight over a single immortal tool. However, King Yan had forcefully made it into something that could be used for mining.
"Brother Tianxing, you don't have to be too surprised. Our four Divine Nations would not waste materials on small pickaxes. However, this mine in the Jade Emperor Secret Realm is very special. If we are willing to spend a lot of money on pickaxes, we will definitely be able to make a profit!" As King Yan spoke, he walked toward the pyramid that was full of narrow doors. As he walked, he said to the crowd, "Let me demonstrate it to everyone first. When you enter the narrow door, you will fall into the mine …"
After King Yan finished speaking, he had already entered the narrow door at the bottom of the pyramid. Soon after, he disappeared …
"Hey, you went in halfway through your nonsense!" Yue Ying pouted and said helplessly.
Everyone was also puzzled. However, in less than ten breaths' time, King Yan, like the other warriors before him, fell from a light circle at the side of the pyramid and appeared in front of everyone.
At this moment, there was a fist-sized ore in King Yan's hand. King Yan shook it and smiled. "Fire Crystals. This thing is worthless!" After saying that, he casually threw the fist-sized ore to the side.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng became even more curious. Previously, Luo Zheng did not use the memory in his mind to search for the mystery within. However, at this moment, he could not resist this impulse. However, when he searched with his mind, he realized that there was no memory of this mine in the Will of the Vast Thousand World!
Unable to search, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. The Will of the Vast Thousand World recorded everything that happened in this Vast Thousand World. There were very few omissions. However, he did not know the origin of this mine.
Since he could not search for the relevant information, Luo Zheng decided to investigate it himself. He carried the Lower Grade Sacred Tool pickaxe and walked toward the narrow door at the bottom of the pyramid!
When Luo Zheng's figure disappeared into the narrow door, he suddenly felt himself falling crazily!
"Whoosh!"
While falling, Luo Zheng turned over and saw that there seemed to be a huge plant below him …
However, Luo Zheng was not sure what this thing was. It just looked like a huge plant. From the main stem of this plant, there were many slender branches extending out. At the end of the branches, there were many "leaves" that stretched out.
Whether it was the main stem of this "plant" or the "leaves", they were all shining with magnificent colors. The main color of this plant was azure blue, as if it was wrapped in a layer of crystal on the outermost layer. However, within the outermost layer, there were countless particles that were shining with different colors.
"This … What the hell is this?"
Just as this thought flashed in Luo Zheng's mind, he directly fell onto a "leaf"!
"These leaves seem to correspond to the narrow doors on the pyramids outside." Luo Zheng raised his head and took a look. He entered from the narrow door at the bottom of the pyramid and fell onto the leaf at the bottom of this plant!
"The bottom of this leaf seems to be wrapped with ores! Could it be that these ores are grown from the inside of this plant? " Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. He finally understood what those colorful particles were. Those should be various ores.
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at this Sacred Tool tree. His face was full of awe. Nothing was too strange in this world. This tree itself probably did not produce ores. Did this tree extract ores from the depths of the earth through its roots?
The leaf under Luo Zheng's feet was wrapped with several different colored ores. He glanced around and did not find the Life Origin Stone he wanted. However, since he had entered, he naturally had to take away some ores. Therefore, Luo Zheng began to wave the pickaxe in his hand at the leaf!
"Kacha!" With a crisp sound, sparks flew in all directions.
When Luo Zheng's pickaxe hit the azure leaf, a crack suddenly appeared.