Fortunately, Luo Zheng had a Low Grade Sacred Tool pickaxe in his hand, so it was not difficult for him to dig out the leaf. As Luo Zheng waved the pickaxe repeatedly, the cracks on the leaf suddenly burst open, and several unequal sized ores fell into Luo Zheng's hands!
These ores were not valuable. Even in the Central Domain, they could only be regarded as rare ores, but they were not among the best. In the four Divine Kingdoms, warriors at the level of King Yan would casually throw away these ores.
Luo Zheng did not have the habit of throwing things away. After he put away these ores, he hesitated for a while. Since he had dug out ores, he should be able to choose to leave here. But how could he leave now?
This place was neither touching the sky nor touching the ground …
But at this moment, Luo Zheng saw a warrior about four or five rows higher than him above his head. He was rapidly digging out the ores in the leaf. After he finished digging out the ores, the warrior jumped and fell into the void below.
But after a while, a ring spread out from the void like a ripple. At the same time, the warrior disappeared into it.
Thinking of the scene he saw on the side of the pyramid, Luo Zheng immediately understood. There must be a transmission array under this big tree that could allow warriors to return to the outside of the pyramid.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was ready to follow suit and jump up. But at this moment, Luo Zheng saw that among the roots of this big tree, there were also strange ores!
This big tree used its trunk to absorb a lot of ores, and then transmitted them to countless other trunks through its trunk, and finally to the leaf.
"If I were to cut off a section of this branch …" Luo Zheng had this thought in his mind.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped toward the branch. Just as Luo Zheng was about to take out his High Grade Sacred Tool long sword, an irresistible force suddenly pulled Luo Zheng down!
The speed of the force was so fast that Luo Zheng did not have much time to react. By the time he came back to his senses, he had already appeared at the side of the pyramid with a long sword and a pickaxe in his hands. King Yan was standing not far away, looking at him with a smile.
King Yan's gaze fell on Luo Zheng's long sword, and he chuckled. "It seems that you are planning to cut off the branches of this big tree. Countless people have tried before, but no one could do it!"
The four Divine Kingdoms had explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for so many years. Naturally, countless people had tried the method Luo Zheng could think of.
Cutting off the roots of this strange big tree was definitely much faster than digging out the ores in the leaves. However, no matter if it was a warrior of the False Tribulation Realm, a warrior of the Life and Death Realm, or even a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm, no one could cut off the roots of this big tree.
Luo Zheng just smiled. Some things would only be clear after he tried. He put away his long sword, and this time, he looked at the pyramid in front of him in a proper way.
"If I guessed correctly, the ores excavated after entering the narrow door on the lower floors of this pyramid are of poor quality. The higher the floor, the better the ores excavated, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
King Yan nodded with a smile. "You are right. This pyramid has 47 floors, which correspond to the 47 leaves of the big tree. Every time you enter the narrow door, you can drop to any leaf to excavate the ores. The higher the floor, the better the quality and rarer the ores excavated. At the same time, the more difficult it is!"
"Which floor is the Origin Stone of Life on?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
He had traveled thousands of miles to the Divine Kingdom Continent to search for the Origin Stone of Life. As for the other ores, Luo Zheng was not very interested.
King Yan pointed at the pyramid and said, "The distribution of these ores is only a rough estimate. However, in principle, the Origin Stone of Life will only appear on the 25th floor and above. The higher the floor, the better the ores. However, the requirements for pickaxes are also higher. Moreover, some of the leaves are even dangerous."
After hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. "In that case, I will go up too!"
At this moment, a group of warriors swarmed over. The person in the lead was Liu Xiu, whom he had met several times.
Previously, Liu Xiu had used the powerful Heavenly Thunder Halberd to fight against those resentful spirits. Even so, under the siege of so many resentful spirits, Liu Xiu was in a very difficult situation.
As the warriors clamored, they began to climb the pyramid. They took out their pickaxes and directly entered through the narrow doors on the 20th floor of the pyramid.
After they entered, Luo Zheng kept jumping up and down the pyramid. In his heart, he was silently counting the number of floors he had climbed. Since King Yan said that the Origin Stone of Life would only appear on the 25th floor, he naturally chose the 25th floor.
The higher the floor, the fewer the number of narrow doors on the pyramid. The first floor had thousands of narrow doors. After reaching the 25th floor, there were less than 100 narrow doors on the pyramid.
Luo Zheng randomly chose a narrow door and entered. The moment he stepped into the narrow door, he began to fall rapidly. Then, a light flashed in front of him and he fell directly into a leaf.
Now, Luo Zheng was occupying the upper middle section of the big tree. Standing here, Luo Zheng could overlook all the leaves below.
However, his gaze swept across for a while and then he looked at the leaf below his feet. He wanted to find the Origin Stone of Life, the kind of ancient jade that looked like an egg.
At a glance, he could see that the leaf contained a lot of ores. The ores of this level seemed to contain a strange power. Some of the ores even had a faint power of law flowing on the surface. At a glance, it was extraordinary.
However, Luo Zheng's eyes still showed disappointment. "No Origin Stone of Life …" Perhaps it was because of disappointment, Luo Zheng did not even have the mood to excavate the ores in the leaf.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng jumped and then began to fall rapidly. After a while, Luo Zheng appeared on the side of the pyramid again.
Below the pyramid, more and more warriors gathered. King Yan had probably also begun to excavate the ores. This time, Luo Zheng did not see him.
Since he did not find the Origin Stone of Life on the 25th floor, Luo Zheng simply increased the height by three floors and went directly to the 28th floor of the pyramid!
When Luo Zheng reached the 28th floor, many warriors gathered below began to whisper.
"That Luo Tianxing actually chose the 28th floor as soon as he came up …"
"He has the ability! With the strength he displayed, I'm afraid he can contend with some Life and Death experts. What's wrong with the 28th floor? "
"Yes, below the 30th floor is not a big problem. However, above the 30th floor, I'm afraid it'll be difficult!"
While everyone was discussing, Luo Zheng entered the narrow door of the 28th floor. However, after a few breaths, his figure once again fell from the halo on the side of the pyramid. At the same time, a depressed expression appeared on his face.
Obviously, the Origin Stone of Life that Luo Zheng needed was not found on the 28th floor.
This made Luo Zheng somewhat depressed. The number of Origin Stones he needed was not one or two. According to Luo Zheng's estimation, if he wanted to completely replenish Ning Yudie's life force, he would need at least a thousand Origin Stones. If he continued to excavate with such a probability, it would be a problem for him to obtain one or two hundred Origin Stones of Life in the end.
After falling from the halo, Luo Zheng continued to carry the pickaxe and climbed to the 29th floor.
"What is this Luo Tianxing trying to do?"
"I guess he's looking for some kind of ore."
This time, Luo Zheng directly fell on a leaf on the 29th floor. When his feet touched the leaf, his eyes flashed with a light, and a faint smile appeared on his face.
Origin Stone of Life, he had finally found it!
This azure leaf was about one zhang wide and one zhang thick. It looked like a huge blue crystal. In the center of this azure leaf, there were many egg-like ancient jades sealed inside. Impressively, these were the Origin Stones Luo Zheng was looking for!
Luo Zheng casually counted and found that there were sixteen Origin Stones of Life wrapped inside the leaf. Although it was far from the number he needed, it was still a lot. He could accumulate them.