The 16 Life Source Stones in the leaf formed a circle, wrapping around the shiny object. That object emitted a dazzling light, making it difficult for Luo Zheng to distinguish it.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng raised the pickaxe high in the air.
"Kacha!"
He already knew that the higher the layer of the leaf, the thicker it was, and the bluer it was. At the same time, it was also more solid!
However, the firmness of this leaf still exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations. He smashed it so heavily, but it didn't even leave a mark …
"This …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression.
Although he was only holding a low-grade Saint artifact pickaxe in his hand, when combined with Luo Zheng's own strength, even if he didn't use astral essence to erupt, he would still be able to easily split apart a mountain. Yet, this leaf in front of him was actually this hard?
However, he had found these Life Source Stones with great difficulty, so how could Luo Zheng give up?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly erupted with the power of the 100 dragon scales in his body. He once again swung the pickaxe in his hand, smashing it heavily at the leaf!
"Kacha!"
Under the ferocious smashing of the pickaxe, a crack appeared on the leaf.
"It's only so-so!" A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Seeing that his attack was effective, he continued to swing the pickaxe. With each smash, more and more cracks appeared on the leaf. With the last heavy blow from Luo Zheng, a shattering sound was heard!
At this time, he used the pickaxe to remove the broken parts, revealing the Life Source Stones below.
Looking at the Life Source Stones, Luo Zheng's eyes instantly softened. Ning Yudie was waiting for this thing to save her life. Therefore, Luo Zheng carefully put the Life Source Stones into his spatial ring. After collecting the Life Source Stones, Luo Zheng's eyes stopped on the shiny object.
Just now, Luo Zheng couldn't see clearly through the thick leaf, but now he saw that it was a square crystal. The light inside was like water, constantly swaying, reflecting a bright white light.
"I don't know what kind of ore it is, but I'll take it first!" Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. After putting the shiny ore into his bag, he jumped again and plunged down into the void below. As the circle flashed, Luo Zheng fell down from the side of the pyramid.
After Luo Zheng steadied himself, he saw Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, and King Yan.
The King of Yan smiled at Luo Zheng. Just as he was about to ask Luo Zheng if he had gained anything, he suddenly heard a scream from the side!
"Wow! So beautiful! "
"The Crown Prince is truly blessed by the heavens! The first time I entered, I found a Stone Fire! "
"Liu Xiu, I'm willing to pay a high price for this stone fire of yours. Are you willing to sell it to me?"
Under such a clamor, the attention of Luo Zheng, King of Yan, and the others was immediately attracted. They saw that Liu Xiu was holding a round stone in his hand. There was a faint flame lingering in the stone, which looked very strange!
King of Yan glanced at it indifferently, then said to Luo Zheng, "Liu Xiu is lucky to have found a Stone Fire!"
The Stone Fire was a kind of treasure that could be used to refine Divine Weapons of the Fire Element. Moreover, it was also very useful for weapon refiners. In the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, one Stone Fire could only be exchanged with five Upper Grade Sacred Weapons!
"This is not luck! This is the luck of the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom! Those little ants can't compare with him! "A god-level genius of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom said coldly.
Luo Zheng had made the Great Yu Divine Kingdom lose face this time. Putting aside the personal grudges, Luo Zheng naturally received the hostility of the warriors of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. If it weren't for the fact that they were not strong enough, they would have swarmed up and torn Luo Zheng to pieces …
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Who knew that Huo Chen would say, "Isn't it just a Stone Fire? I also found one! "
Huo Chen also took out a round stone and casually tossed it in the air. Moreover, the one in Huo Chen's hand seemed to be bigger than the one in Liu Xiu's hand!
Huo Chen's talent was not as good as his sister's, and his character was very dull. However, his luck was indeed very strong. He didn't have much time to dig out such a big Stone Fire.
Liu Xiu snorted coldly and shifted his gaze to Luo Zheng. As the Crown Prince, he didn't say anything, but the people beside him naturally understood his meaning. Someone sneered and said, "I wonder what Luo Tianxing of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom has found? Can he let everyone take a look? "
Luo Zheng's face was like a zombie's. He glanced at the group of people indifferently. These god-level geniuses were really bored. They had dug out some ores, but they still took them out to compare. Luo Zheng really didn't want to use the word "childish" to describe their behavior …
However, after thinking about it, he accepted it. Although the four Divine Kingdoms were several times larger than the Central Domain, there was no war between the Divine Kingdoms. Even killing was rare. In comparison, although these god-level geniuses were talented, their degree of maturity was far from that of the Central Domain, let alone the chaotic Sea God Continent.
Was it better to say that these god-level geniuses were happy? Or was it better to say that they didn't want to improve themselves …
Luo Zheng shook his head and replied, "What does it have to do with you what I dug out? I have no comment! "
"It seems like you didn't find anything. I guess your luck is bad and you don't have the face to take it out?" the person said sarcastically.
"Boring." Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. These god-level geniuses were so childish. He couldn't lower himself and be as childish as them.
But at this time, Huo Yuner quietly walked over. She suddenly stretched out her hand towards Luo Zheng and said with a smile, "Stretch out your hand!"
"What?" Luo Zheng was stunned. He reflexively stretched out his hand.
"Both hands!" Huo Yuner continued.
Luo Zheng was puzzled. What did Huo Yuner mean by this? But he still stretched out his hands and made a gesture.
He saw Huo Yuner's jade-like hands gently shake. From the spatial ring on her finger, things constantly fell into Luo Zheng's hands!
These were actually life source stones!
Life source stones were different from other ores. They were very easy to break. Seeing the life source stones fall out of Huo Yuner's spatial ring, Luo Zheng carefully held them in his hands, afraid that they would fall to the ground.
Soon, over 20 life source stones appeared in his hands …
"I'll give them to you!" Huo Yuner smiled.
She was also extremely careful. After the battle at the West Dragon River, Zhou Huang had said that Luo Zheng needed life source stones. She had firmly remembered this. At this time, she had actually dug up a lot of life source stones. As for whether she had taken the initiative to look for them or unintentionally dug them up, it was unknown.
Luo Zheng might refuse other things, but for life source stones, Luo Zheng would never refuse.
Many nearby martial artists saw Huo Yuner so generously give the life source stones to Luo Zheng, and their eyes revealed envy. Although life source stones were not as precious as fire source stones, they were still very valuable …
Luo Zheng didn't want to accept benefits from others for no reason, but he had only dug up a dozen life source stones. He couldn't just take them out as gifts. Thinking of this, a smile suddenly appeared on his face. He said, "Thank you. Since that's the case, I also have something to give you!"
When he was digging up the life source stones just now, there was a shiny thing in the middle. Luo Zheng didn't know what it was. He just thought that this thing was shiny and very beautiful, and it was suitable to give it to Huo Yuner.
But just as Luo Zheng took out the shiny thing, King Yan suddenly spat out a mouthful of air and coughed violently a few times. Then he looked at Luo Zheng in horror and asked, "Brother Tianxing, are you sure you want to give this thing to Huo Yuner?"
The cube that Luo Zheng took out was very eye-catching, so in an instant, everyone's eyes were focused on the cube that was shining with a bright white light between his index finger and thumb!
Almost everyone widened their eyes and stared at that thing. The eyes of these god-rank geniuses were filled with envy, greed, and unconcealable jealousy.
＝＝＝＝＝