Luo Zheng did not know the value of this item. He was just a little embarrassed to accept Huo Yuner's gift.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng felt that something was amiss when he saw the gazes of these god-level geniuses …
Could this small, square stone be very valuable?
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not answer his question, King Yan swallowed his saliva and asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, are you sure you want to give it to Huo Yuner?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Of course."
"But the value of this item is almost immeasurable …" King Yan reminded him again.
King Yan originally wanted to say that the Life Origin Stone could not be compared to the stone in his hand, but he did not want to say it too bluntly.
"To me, the Life Origin Stone is the most important thing. The other ores are not important. I'll give it to you!" After saying that, Luo Zheng threw the shiny, square stone over.
Seeing that Luo Zheng threw it out so casually, many warriors wanted to stretch out their hands and hold the shiny stone in their hands. Of course, Luo Zheng threw it very accurately. Naturally, he would not throw it to anyone other than Huo Yuner.
Although Liu Xiu and the others showed greed in their eyes, they did not dare to snatch it here. After all, the rules of the four Divine Kingdoms were much stricter than the rules of the Central Domain. If they snatched it, they would be in trouble.
Huo Yuner's eyes flashed with a strange color. Looking at the stone in his hand, he smiled and said, "Luo Tianxing, do you really not know what this is?"
Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Phew …" Huo Yuner exhaled and said with a smile, "It seems that you are really not from the four Divine Kingdoms!"
At this moment, Huo Yuner completely confirmed that Luo Zheng was not from the four Divine Kingdoms through this shiny stone. However, it was no longer important whether Luo Zheng was a native warrior of the four Divine Kingdoms or not.
Luo Zheng smiled and did not say anything. However, from Huo Yuner's tone, it seemed that he had indeed unearthed something strange …
"This shiny thing is called the Eye of Heavenly Splendor! Erm … That's it. It's too precious. I can't accept it! " As she spoke, Huo Yuner threw the item to Luo Zheng. Then, she smiled at King of Yan and said, "King of Yan, please explain to him! The Black Iron Divine Kingdom should know best! "
King of Yan smiled faintly and said, "The most powerful weapon refiner in Black Iron Divine Kingdom can only refine a weapon at the level of a Semi-Divine Weapon. Even with all the resources we have, we can't refine a real Divine Weapon!"
The Black Iron Divine Nation was famous for its artificers. They represented the highest level of artificers in the four Divine Nations.
Since the Black Iron Divine Nation could only refine demigod tools, then none of the four Divine Nations could refine divine tools.
Until one day, a Life and Death Realm warrior dug out such a shiny stone from the Feather Emperor Secret Realm!
In the beginning, those weapon craftsmen could not integrate the stone into their weapons. Therefore, the stone was considered useless. However, the stone could not be destroyed by swords or fire. It also had a strange characteristic. Therefore, many weapon craftsmen were interested in it.
Later, a weapon craftsman named Zhong Tianhui finally discovered its secret and successfully used the stone to refine the first Divine Weapon in the four Divine Kingdoms!
In order to commemorate this weapon craftsman named Zhong Tianhui, the square stone was named the Eye of Heavenly Splendor. As for this weapon craftsman's fate, let's not talk about it for now.
Later on, whenever a warrior found an Eye of Heavenly Splendor in the Emperor of Feathers' Secret Realm, a brand new Divine Weapon would be born in the four Divine Kingdoms! The Emperor of Feathers' Secret Realm had produced seven Eyes of Heavenly Splendor. Therefore, there were seven Divine Weapons in the four Divine Kingdoms!
In other words, the value of an Eye of Heavenly Splendor was almost equivalent to a Divine Weapon!
Therefore, the value of this shiny stone could be imagined! This was also the reason why everyone's eyes were so hot!
Even the crown prince of a Divine Kingdom did not have a Divine Weapon. Liu Xiu, the crown prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom did not have one. Huo Chen, the crown prince of the Sky Wind Divine Kingdom did not have one. Even the crown prince of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, Zhou Ning, who was famous for his weapon craftsmen, did not have one!
If they could bring back an Eye of Heavenly Splendor, with their status, there was a high possibility that they could get a Divine Weapon. Even if they could not get a Divine Weapon, they would be greatly rewarded!
Unfortunately …
Unfortunately, it was Luo Zheng who had dug it out.
They did not dare to snatch from the other crown princes and important princes. However, they dared to snatch from the god-level geniuses from the Martial Houses!
Luo Zheng was not a crown prince or a prince. The problem was that his strength was obvious. Who would dare to snatch from him? It was probably because they were tired of living.
After listening to King Yan's explanation, Luo Zheng gradually understood. However, his heart was still very calm. Even if it was a Divine Weapon, to Luo Zheng, it was only a worldly possession. A warrior's strength was the most important thing.
Since Huo Yuner was determined to retreat, Luo Zheng could not force him to accept it. Afterward, he casually stuffed this so-called Eye of Heavenly Splendor into his Sumeru Ring.
"I will continue to mine!" Luo Zheng said to King Yan with a smile.
King Yan asked, "No problem. You just have to pay attention to the activity below the thirtieth layer. Don't go above the thirtieth layer."
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
"Above the thirtieth layer is the area where Life and Death Realm warriors are active. For False Tribulation Realm warriors, it is life-threatening," King Yan replied.
This big tree was divided into forty-seven layers. Above the thirtieth layer was the layer where Life and Death Realm warriors could enter. Above the fortieth layer, only Divine Sea Realm warriors could enter. Therefore, most False Tribulation Realm warriors were active below the thirtieth layer.
Although the higher the layer, the better the quality of the ore. However, above the thirtieth layer, the hardness of the leaves was unimaginable. Ordinary False Tribulation Realm warriors could not dig through them at all!
"Hehe, you don't even dare to enter the thirtieth layer. In any case, you have defeated a little monster. You don't have to be so afraid of death, right?" Liu Xiu sneered coldly. Then, he dashed toward the top of the pyramid. On his shoulder, there was an exaggeratedly shaped pickaxe. The front and back of the pickaxe were constantly emitting flames. It was actually a high-grade Sacred Weapon.
After Liu Xiu jumped several times, he directly climbed to the thirtieth layer of the pyramid. He found a narrow door and immediately went in.
"Don't listen to his provocation. The current layer is enough to find the Life Origin Stone." King Yan was worried that Luo Zheng would really climb above the thirtieth layer after being provoked.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He understood King Yan's concern. However, how could he be provoked by such a childish trick? There was not much time left. Finding the Life Origin Stone was more important …
Therefore, Luo Zheng once again entered the narrow door on the twenty-ninth layer of the pyramid.
Overall, Luo Zheng's luck was not bad. He did not gain anything the second time he entered, but on his third time, he found a nest of Life Origin Stones!
Then, Luo Zheng quickly smashed the leaves and put the Life Origin Stones into his spatial ring.
Luo Zheng found that the Life Origin Stones either did not appear, or when they did, there would be nests of them. When there were fewer, there would be a dozen of them. When there were more, there would be dozens of them!
Then, Luo Zheng continuously entered the narrow door and fell out of the light circle. Ten times, twenty times, thirty times …
Gradually, Luo Zheng accumulated two to three hundred Life Origin Stones in his spatial ring. However, this number was still some distance away from Luo Zheng's goal. The most troublesome thing was that he had searched all the leaves on the twenty-ninth layer. He was almost certain that there were no more Life Origin Stones on the twenty-ninth layer.
Luo Zheng also searched the twenty-eighth layer and only found a nest of Life Origin Stones. As for the twenty-seventh layer, Luo Zheng did not find any at all.
Seeing that time was passing and he had only completed a quarter of his goal, Luo Zheng turned his gaze to the thirtieth layer. Even if the thirtieth layer was difficult as King Yan said, it should not be difficult for Luo Zheng.