After returning to the side of the pyramid, Luo Zheng prepared to head towards the 30th level of the pyramid.
Every time Luo Zheng came out, he would always find a large group of people chatting here. Luo Zheng was curious. Why weren't these people mining ores, but instead just looking around?
However, when Luo Zheng came out this time, he discovered that these fellows had gathered here to trade the ores in their hands.
He didn't know where this tree had sucked up ores from, but there were many different types of ores. Through trading, everyone could naturally get what they needed.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to climb up, he suddenly thought of something and walked towards the group of people.
When Luo Zheng walked over, the group of people suddenly stopped talking.
This time, Luo Zheng had been in the limelight. He had left an extremely deep impression in the minds of the young god-rank geniuses.
Luo Zheng was too lazy to pay attention to them. He took out some ores from his spatial ring and piled them on the ground. Then, he said, "Whoever digs out a life source stone can trade with me."
Most of these god-rank geniuses were active on the 20th level and above. But, their limit was the 25th or 26th level. With their strength, they simply couldn't dig through the solid leaves and naturally couldn't take out the ores.
Luo Zheng had been active on the 29th level. Besides the life source stone, he would also casually dig out any ores with beautiful colors.
Combined with a low-grade saint artifact level pickaxe and a small amount of dragon scale power, Luo Zheng didn't find it particularly difficult to dig out ores.
The higher the level, the better the ores that could be dug out. Other ores were useless to Luo Zheng, but there was no lack of rare ores. Some ores were even worth as much as the life source stone.
So when Luo Zheng threw out the scattered life source stones, some of the martial artists' eyes suddenly shot out a strange light.
Some of these ores were exactly what they needed!
Many warriors were attracted by the pile of ores on the ground. One of them pointed at the pile of ores and said, "I don't have a Life Origin Stone. You name a price for this emerald green ore. I can buy it from you with a top grade True Essence Hand."
These Divine rank geniuses were all geniuses from fifth-grade aristocratic families, so they were naturally wealthy. They might not have Life Origin Stones, but they had many top grade true essence stones.
Luo Zheng shook his head indifferently and said: "My ores can only be traded, not sold. If you want to take them away, you have to exchange them with the Life Origin Stone."
When the cultivator heard Luo Zheng's words, a look of disbelief appeared on his face. He immediately shouted, "Two hundred top-grade True Origin Stones."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng didn't even lift his eyelids. He was too lazy to explain his words to Deaf twice.
"Three hundred, three hundred top grade True Essence Stones." When the martial artist saw Luo Zheng's expression, he probably felt that he had been humiliated, so he immediately increased the price by 50%.
The expression on Luo Zheng's face remained unchanged.
"Four hundred!" The martial artist increased the price by another 100. In fact, the price of this turquoise in the outside world was about 500 top-grade True Origin Stones. This was the place where ores were produced, so the purchase price would naturally be much lower.
However, Luo Zheng still didn't move. Instead, he continued to look around and then said: "I don't have much time. If you have Life Origin Stones, you can exchange them with me."
"Kid, what do you mean? My purchase price is not low! " The martial artist said coldly. His eyes also revealed an unfriendly look. He found that he was completely ignored by Luo Zheng. A dark red color appeared on his face. Martial artists at this age were the most prideful. The most intolerable thing was to be ignored by others.
Hearing the martial artist's question, Luo Zheng revealed a sarcastic smile on his face. He stared at the martial artist and said: "Didn't you understand my words? Only trade, not sell! I'll say it again. If you want it, then exchange it with the Life Origin Stone! If you don't have the Life Origin Stone, then don't join in the fun. Do you understand now? "
At this time, the martial artist suddenly realized that this kid in front of him was a guy who even dared to provoke a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm. How could he afford to offend him? Therefore, he was so annoyed by Luo Zheng that his face turned red and white. Finally, he retreated to the side in dejection.
Just as the martial artist retreated, another martial artist said to Luo Zheng: "I have 10 Life Origin Stones. I want to exchange them with your Green Mist Stone. How about that?"
The martial artist was referring to a green ore near Luo Zheng's feet. The ore's surface was covered with wisps of green. It looked transparent, but if one looked carefully, one would find that the middle was hazy.
Luo Zheng smiled, "Deal!" Then he pointed his finger and that Green Mist Stone flew straight towards the other party.
He was not afraid that the other party would go back on his word. As for whether or not 10 Life Origin Stones could be exchanged for one Green Mist Stone, Luo Zheng did not consider it.
That martial artist knew how powerful Luo Zheng was. How could he dare to fool Luo Zheng? He straightforwardly took out 10 Life Origin Stones and gave them to Luo Zheng. He revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. Obviously, he had made a profit.
Seeing this scene, some martial artists secretly cursed Luo Zheng as an idiot. This exchange was a loss. However, they would not remind Luo Zheng.
"Anyone else who has a Life Origin Stone can exchange it with me." Seeing the other party's expression, Luo Zheng knew in his heart that the Life Origin Stone was far more significant to Luo Zheng than other ores. No matter how high the price, it was worth it.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was so easy to talk to, some martial artists also became restless. Although there weren't many Life Origin Stones, there were still several martial artists who had dug them up. One of them pointed at the golden ore beneath Luo Zheng's feet and said, "I have six Life Origin Stones here. How about I exchange this with you?"
Luo Zheng was just about to nod his head in agreement when a crisp voice floated over, "Six Life Origin Stones in exchange for one 'unpolished gold'. You are too good at doing business!"
The one who spoke was Yue Ying who had just returned from the circle of light. She saw Luo Zheng casually throw a pile of ores on the ground and exchange with someone.
Among the pile of ores in front of Luo Zheng, that golden unpolished gold was the most valuable one! Such a large piece of unpolished gold could be sold for at least 4000 top grade true essence stones!
The martial artist who had offered the price heard Yue Ying's words and his face darkened.
But Yue Ying did not have the slightest fear. Instead, she coldly said to the martial artist, "What? You want to fight? Brother Tianxing can stab you to death with a single finger! If you want a piece of 'unpolished gold', you have to take out at least 80 Life Origin Stones to exchange for it! "
Hearing Yue Ying use him to threaten the other party, Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. Luo Zheng did not expect the other party to take out 80 Life Origin Stones. Even if there were only six Life Origin Stones, for Ning Yudie, he would exchange without hesitation.
When the other party heard this threat, he could only grit his teeth and say, "I don't have that many Life Origin Stones! I only have twelve of them! "
"You clearly have 12, but you left behind six. I'm afraid you are bullying Brother Tianxing for not knowing how to distinguish between these ores and want to exchange for this Golden Warmth Stone?" Yue Ying bent down and picked up a slender golden ore, waving it at the martial artist.
Having his thoughts seen through by Yue Ying, the martial artist's expression was extremely unnatural. Before he could speak, Yue Ying spoke first, "How about this. For this piece of unpolished gold, I'll give you 3500 top grade true essence stones in addition to the 12 Life Origin Stones in your hands! Nonnegotiable! "
"You …" Originally, he could have obtained six Life Origin Stones, but this woman had forcefully messed up his plans. How could he not be depressed? Moreover, he did plan to use the remaining six Life Origin Stones to exchange for the Golden Warmth Stone …
Unfortunately, he could not do anything to Yue Ying!
However, 3500 top grade true essence stones in addition to 12 Life Origin Stones … he still had some profit. Wanting this, he clenched his teeth and said, "Alright, deal!"
After Yue Ying and the martial artist completed the transaction, Luo Zheng took the 12 Life Origin Stones from her hands, but blocked the top grade true essence stones. "Thank you. This is your reward. I don't need it …"
"You're really stupid!" Yue Ying stuffed the top grade true essence stones into Luo Zheng's hands and said, "Besides bartering, you can also use the top grade true essence stones to purchase other people's Life Origin Stones! Moreover, the Life Origin Stones are dug up in a nest. At the very least, there are eight or ten. It's very rare to see someone dig up six. He said he has six in his hands, so he's obviously hiding it and trying to extort you … "
Being reprimanded by Yue Ying like this, Luo Zheng was a little dazed. This woman was much more shrewd than Luo Zheng had imagined.
However, Luo Zheng could not be blamed. He did not understand the market price of these ores, and Yue Ying was a martial artist of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Since she was young, she had come into contact with and identified these ores. Moreover, these ores were produced in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Luo Zheng was unable to inquire about them through the memories of the world's will.