With such a shrewd woman helping him take care of these ores, he didn't care about the value of the ores. As for the commission, he didn't care about it at all. On the contrary, he was very happy.
Thus, Luo Zheng immediately nodded and said with a smile, "Alright, then I'll leave this to you!"
Yue Ying's strength wasn't enough. Adding on the fact that female martial artists were generally weaker than male martial artists, she could only mine ores from the nineteenth to the twentieth layer. Even if she painstakingly dug for half a day, she might not be able to dig out anything good. Helping Luo Zheng take care of these ores could be considered as' making the best use of people '.
After Luo Zheng left, Yue Ying's elegant eyebrows slightly raised. Then, she sweetly smiled at the numerous martial artists, "Friends, you can choose as much as you want. I have a discounted price here! However, Life Origin Ores take priority! "
Hearing Yue Ying's crisp words, the martial artists rolled their eyes one by one. Apart from the first person who picked up a bargain, the others were a step slower. Fortunately, the woman's price wasn't too outrageous. Some people still surrounded Yue Ying and picked the ores they liked.
Luo Zheng flew up the pyramid and quickly entered the thirtieth layer.
Generally, only Life and Death experts could enter the thirtieth layer. After passing through the narrow door, Luo Zheng instantly landed on one of the leaves.
The leaves on the thirtieth layer were twice as wide as those on the twenty-ninth layer. The higher the tree's leaves went, the wider the leaves became, and the deeper the color. At the same time, the leaves became harder and harder to dig.
However, just as Luo Zheng landed on the leaf, he immediately felt an intense killing intent!
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
On this leaf, there was a big bug flickering with emerald green light.
That bug was as tall as two people. It had six legs and a pair of brown compound eyes on its head. Its abdomen was covered with scales flickering with azure light.
When Luo Zheng stood on the leaf, that bug pounced at Luo Zheng!
Seeing this huge bug, Luo Zheng's expression slightly changed. His brows also wrinkled. Didn't all the creatures in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean have been sacrificed? Why were there still creatures here?
"Ka!"
That bug's spear-like foreleg stabbed at Luo Zheng. That sharp spike actually pierced a small hole in the leaf!
"What sharp forelegs! What great strength! "
Even for the 29th layer of leaves, Luo Zheng had to activate more than a hundred dragon scales before he could break them open with a Holy-ranked pickaxe. The 30th layer of leaves should be even tougher!
But, this insect's attack had actually pierced a small hole in the ground. The sharpness of its forelegs was comparable to a Saint artifact, and its strength was probably no weaker than an ordinary Life and Death realm martial artist!
It was no wonder that King Yan had told Luo Zheng that the mines above level 30 were not suitable for ordinary Virtual Tribulation Realm warriors to mine.
After the insect spread its wings, it rushed at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's figure flashed slightly, instantly avoiding the front leg that was poking at him.
When he was in the Eastern Region, Luo Zheng had dealt with many blade insects. The strength of blade insects naturally couldn't be compared to the insect in front of him. However, the weakness of all insects should be in their abdomens. Just look at the abdomen covered with scales.
Therefore, after avoiding the awl-like forelegs, Luo Zheng leaned close to the insect's abdomen and slapped out with his palm!
Due to the burst of Vital Essence, this palm strike was fast and ruthless. With a "crack", a large piece of scales on the insect's abdomen was directly shattered by Luo Zheng.
"Squeak squeak …"
The giant insect let out a miserable shriek, but it suddenly spread its wings and retreated.
"Huh!"
After Luo Zheng smashed the scales on its abdomen, he saw that its transparent abdomen seemed to be filled with various colored ores!
"Does this insect live on ores? Is this thing a living creature … "Luo Zheng sighed in his heart, but his figure flashed and he didn't slow down in his pursuit. Since there were many ores in this insect's body, Luo Zheng didn't have to search for them leaf by leaf.
However, this big insect was very cunning. With a flap of its wings, it directly jumped from one leaf to another!
At this time, Luo Zheng was at his wit's end …
As long as he left this leaf, Luo Zheng would be pulled back by a tremendous gravitational force. At the same time, he would fall outside through the circle of light. Then, he would have to climb up the pyramid again and enter the narrow door.
Luo Zheng simply couldn't resist this tremendous gravitational force. Naturally, he couldn't jump from one leaf to another.
"Squeak squeak!" The big insect seemed to know that Luo Zheng couldn't chase after it, so it raised its two spear-like forelegs and constantly provoked Luo Zheng.
With Luo Zheng's current temperament, even if some martial artists provoked him, he would turn a blind eye to it, let alone a big insect. His expression was indifferent, but he began to look at the ores in this leaf. If this damned big insect dared to fly over, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let it go.
In this wide leaf, Luo Zheng also looked around. His eyes revealed a look of disappointment. This leaf didn't have any Origin Stones of Life, but he still found a few pieces of colorful and special shaped ores. So, he waved his pickaxe and dug them out of the leaf.
The hardness of the 30th layer was much higher than that of the 29th layer, but it was still within the range that Luo Zheng could accept. He only needed to use the power of 300 dragon scales to dig out this leaf.
After Luo Zheng dug out several pieces of ores, he shook his head and saw that the big insect seemed to be using its two spear-like forelegs to poke at these leaves. After a while, it poked a big hole in the leaf. Then, it lowered its head and swallowed the ores in one gulp.
"This big insect really lives by eating ores!" Luo Zheng stared at the big insect. Suddenly, his eyes flashed. That big insect was only on the leaf next door, not far from Luo Zheng. From here, he could clearly see the big insect's transparent abdomen. Looking in from the abdomen, Luo Zheng saw dozens of Origin Stones of Life! With a rough estimate, there were at least 50 to 60 of them!
"Origin Stones of Life!"
Luo Zheng clenched his hands. It seemed that he had to kill this big insect. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng jumped down. At the same time, Luo Zheng looked back. That big insect didn't care about his movements. It still lowered its head and swallowed the ores.
The moment he fell into the circle of light, Luo Zheng appeared at the side of the pyramid. He was about to climb up the pyramid when he heard Yue Ying shout from the side, "Brother Tianxing! I've already helped you exchange for ten Origin Stones of Life! There are also two thousand top grade True Origin Stones. "
The god-rank geniuses who came here had a lot of top grade True Origin Stones in their hands, but the number of Origin Stones of Life was not many.
Luo Zheng nodded. He lightly touched the spatial ring in his hand, and seven or eight ores flew towards Yue Ying. He, on the other hand, rushed up the pyramid.
"Ah, Purple Net Crystal, New Moon Stone, and Jade Water Heart Stone …" While those ores were still in the air, Yue Ying had already called out the names of most of the ores.
When the other martial artists heard Yue Ying's words, they also swarmed up. When they saw these ores clearly, each and every one of their faces revealed an extremely unbalanced expression.
"What kind of dog shit luck does this Luo Tianxing have! Even if it's the 30th floor, it's impossible to dig up so many good things at once! "
"Yes, we also have several martial artists who entered the 30th floor and above. They broke two pickaxes and only dug out some sparse and ordinary things. How could this guy …"
"Let's not talk about his strength, his luck is also so good. God is really unfair!"
Luck was one of the easiest things to be envied by others. Most people would admire the strength of a powerhouse, but if the other party relied on luck to achieve a certain level of success, it was inevitable that they would feel unbalanced in their hearts. It was just that they didn't know that for a very small number of people in this universe, luck was a part of strength!
The reason why Luo Zheng rushed up was naturally to target that big bug. He quickly rushed up, found the narrow door from before, and then went in through the narrow door next door.
Each narrow door corresponded to a leaf of this big tree, and the narrow door next door corresponded to the leaf next door. If Luo Zheng's speed was fast enough, that big bug should still be engrossed in devouring the ores.
＝＝＝＝＝