Luo Zheng quickly passed through the narrow door and fell straight down.
While falling, Luo Zheng's eyes were firmly locked on the leaf. He could see that the big bug was bowing its head and swallowing the ores in the leaf!
One hundred Zhang, fifty Zhang, ten Zhang …
Luo Zheng's fists began to accumulate power!
"Kill!"
Luo Zheng longed for the Life Source Stone. Even if this big bug only had one Life Source Stone in its body, Luo Zheng still wanted to kill it!
His attack was wrapped in the impact force of falling, and at the same time, he activated the power of five hundred dragon scales!
This punch was aimed at the big bug's back, but the moment Luo Zheng approached, the big bug seemed to have some kind of special premonition. Its two hind legs suddenly stomped, and with a roll, it dodged the punch!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's huge fist directly hit the leaf, and the huge leaf and the roots next to it shook unceasingly.
"Zhi Zhi Zhi!"
The big bug kept a distance of two Zhang from Luo Zheng, and it was still waving its sharp forelegs, provoking Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the leaf under his feet. The punch just now had caused many cracks to appear on the leaf, but he still couldn't find the Life Source Stone.
His body's hardness was comparable to a sacred tool, and mixed with this terrifying power, even if he didn't use the pickaxe, he could still break thirty layers of the leaf. Of course, using the pickaxe would save him a lot of effort.
"Provoking me?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and he bent his leg slightly.
Although this big bug was very agile, Luo Zheng was confident that he could catch it!
While the big bug was still waving its forelegs and squeaking, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed. He directly crossed space, and stretched out his hands to grab the big bug!
It had to be said that this big bug was even more agile than ordinary Life and Death experts. Its perception of danger seemed to be completely instinctive. Even if Luo Zheng used the method of crossing space, the big bug still sensed it with its inconceivable keen sense of smell. At the same time, it spread its wings one step ahead, and was about to leave the leaf!
"I can't leave!"
The moment Luo Zheng crossed the space, the Vital Spirit in his body burst out, and his whole body instantly shot forward a distance of two feet!
After two Chi, Luo Zheng's body had left the leaf. At the same time, the invisible force began to pull Luo Zheng's body. But the moment Luo Zheng was pulled down by that huge force, his hand had already grabbed the big bug's hind legs!
"Zhi Zhi!"
That big bug kept stomping its legs! But how powerful was the power in Luo Zheng's hand? As long as he grabbed it, the big bug would not be able to get away!
The big bug was not affected by the huge gravitational force, and could fly freely among the leaves. But now, Luo Zheng was holding its legs tightly. In other words, half of the gravitational force of Luo Zheng's falling body was shared by the big bug!
Although the big bug desperately flapped its wings to prevent itself from falling with Luo Zheng, it was still pulled down by Luo Zheng under that irresistible gravitational force.
"Zhi Zhi Zhi …"
Even so, the big bug was still flying desperately out of instinct. It kept circling left and right with Luo Zheng, and kept falling down.
On the other side, King Yan was still on the 27th level of the leaf, digging for ores painstakingly. There was a Vast Cloud Stone buried under the leaf. This kind of ore was very valuable, and King Yan naturally would not let it go. The moment he swung his pickaxe, he suddenly saw a figure flash past him. The figure even circled around him. He was stunned.
In this space, there were extremely strict rules. Even a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm could not fly, nor could he resist the force of falling. But he clearly saw a figure just now.
So, King Yan hurried to the edge of the leaf. With one look, King Yan's face was full of astonishment. "Brother, Brother Tianxing …"
He saw Luo Zheng dragging a big green bug. It was like a headless fly, circling around the big tree!
"What, what is going on?" King Yan felt a little dizzy.
King Yan wasn't the only warrior who had witnessed this scene. At least two-thirds of the warriors were working hard on mining on the leaves of this big tree. Most of the god-level geniuses had also witnessed this baffling scene.
"It seems to be that Luo Tianxing! Why is he dragging a, a Ore Devouring Bug! "
"How … how can he not catch a Ore Devouring Bug!"
"It seems that only a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm has ever caught a Ore Devouring Bug …"
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng's figure fell rapidly. Finally, he fell to the bottom of this big tree and disappeared in the halo.
The moment he disappeared, Luo Zheng dragged that big bug and appeared on the side of the pyramid again.
Yue Ying was bargaining with a warrior in front of her with a smile. According to Yue Ying's judgment, this warrior probably had at least 10 Origin Stones of Life in his hands. She knew that Luo Zheng valued Origin Stones of Life the most. So, even if she suffered a little loss, she would still plunder all of his Origin Stones of Life!
But at this moment, she suddenly heard a violent sound. Then, there was a sharp and hurried sound of bugs!
Yue Ying turned her head to take a look. Her eyes suddenly trembled. "Brother, Brother Tianxing … that, that is a Ore Devouring Bug!"
The warriors who were trading ores outside the pyramid were immediately attracted by this scene.
After passing through space, Luo Zheng's body was no longer affected by the powerful gravitational force. The big bug spread its wings and flew high, directly dragging Luo Zheng into the sky!
How could Luo Zheng let this big bug succeed?
After taking a deep breath, he forcefully twisted his waist. His legs suddenly swung as he flipped over and climbed onto the back of the big bug.
"Swish swish!"
The big bug's reaction was extremely agile. It could be said that it far surpassed ordinary Life and Death Realm warriors. Its two front legs twisted and stabbed towards Luo Zheng!
"In your dreams!"
Luo Zheng's figure gently swayed, dodging the two sharp stabs. Then, he used his hand as a blade and heavily chopped towards the back of the big bug.
"Puff!"
With a crisp sound, the carapace on the back of the big insect was cut off by Luo Zheng's palm blade. Then, the flapping wings were also cut off, and the insect's body plummeted downwards!
"Bang!"
The moment it fell, Luo Zheng's body slightly tilted. Bending his left leg, he directly pressed his knee on the big bug's head. Therefore, the moment the big bug fell to the ground, Luo Zheng crushed its head. The big bug's vitality was also very tenacious. Even without its head, it constantly waved its six legs. After struggling for a while, the joints of its six legs slowly stiffened, and its vitality was gradually cut off.
Luo Zheng patted the dust off his body and jumped down from the big bug's body. At this time, Yue Ying had already rushed in front of Luo Zheng. Because she was in a hurry, she didn't even have time to put the pile of ores into her spatial ring. Instead, she directly used her clothes to cover the pile of ores. She grabbed the hem of her clothes with both hands and asked with wide eyes, "Brother Tianxing, how, how did you catch a Ore Devouring Bug?"
"Oh, so this big bug is called a Ore Devouring Bug?" Luo Zheng nodded calmly.
At this time, King Yan also appeared from the light circle and rushed over. He had just left the light circle when he saw that Luo Zheng had already subdued the Ore Devouring Bug. His face revealed a surprised and happy expression.
Not only King Yan, but all the warriors in the "mining tree" also left the light circle one after another and quickly surrounded Luo Zheng!
When King Yan heard Luo Zheng's words, he laughed loudly and said, "Yes, Brother Tianxing, this big bug is called a Ore Devouring Bug. It lives by devouring the ores in the mining tree!"
Hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng looked at the god-level geniuses who were continuously rushing over. A strange expression appeared on his face. Even if it lived by devouring ores, this Ore Devouring Bug shouldn't have much value, right? It was just a little more ores in its stomach!