Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. That was the voice of Liu Xiu, the Crown Prince of the Yu Kingdom.
He didn't take the threat seriously. After all, among these Immortal Level Geniuses, no one could threaten him. Even Liu Xiu was not qualified!
To be fair, Luo Zheng's strength was not on the same level as these Immortal Level Geniuses. This was a fact that many Immortal Level Geniuses, Princes, and Crown Princes were unwilling to admit.
Since Liu Xiu dared to threaten him, this Ore Devouring Bug must be related to something big. There must be some secrets hidden in it.
However, Luo Zheng still smiled faintly. His gaze passed through the crowd and landed on Liu Xiu. "Dead? How will you die? "
Liu Xiu also stared at the Ore Devouring Bug. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to catch this Ore Devouring Bug with his bare hands, even though it was just a green Ore Devouring Bug. Liu Xiu then said, "This Ore Devouring Bug is caught by a Divine Sea Realm expert every year! Since when is it your turn to catch it?! "
Luo Zheng shifted his gaze to King Yan. King Yan nodded and told Luo Zheng, "There aren't many Ore Devouring Bugs. There are only 30 to 40 of them every year. However, even Life and Death Realm experts can't catch these Ore Devouring Bugs. Normally, the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms would do it in person."
"Is this bug important?"
In Luo Zheng's mind, this Ore Devouring Bug was a little strange. It could live by eating ores. More importantly, its reaction was extremely fast. When Luo Zheng traveled through space, there was almost no time for him to react. However, the bug was able to dodge it.
However, this bug was not worth the Divine Sea Realm expert's effort! Perhaps the ores in the Ore Devouring Bug's stomach were valuable, but how could it catch the eye of a Divine Sea Realm expert?
"Yes." King Yan smiled and explained to Luo Zheng, "This Ore Devouring Bug has a special ability. It can cut any leaf on a tree at will!"
"So what?" Luo Zheng was still puzzled.
King Yan also knew that Luo Zheng would ask this question. He then continued to explain to Luo Zheng, "Normally, only Life and Death Realm warriors would enter the 30th floor. The Ore Devouring Bug is the reason, which is life-threatening for False Tribulation Realm warriors. if they are not strong enough, they are not Tribulation Realm warriors should not enter it!"
"Only Divine Sea Realm experts of the Divine Sea Realm can enter the 40th floor and Death, because there are Purple Ore Devouring Bugs in the 40th layer!" The King of Yan explained to Luo Zheng slowly, "The purple Ore Devouring Worm is the mature form of the green Ore Devouring Worm.
"The important thing is that the 45th to 47th levels, which are the highest levels, contain some extremely heaven-defying ores. One of the most important ores is called a 'soul core'. This type of ore is extremely important to the four Divine Kingdoms! To some extent, it, it... The Devouring Stage Devouring God............
"Even a Divine Sea Realm warrior can't dig out the top leaves?" Luo Zheng's pupils shrank.
Luo Zheng had witnessed the strength of a Divine Sea Realm expert several times. The most recent time was when War Emperor Yu the Great attacked. Luo Zheng transferred the strength of his punch, which destroyed a row of mountains!
Luo Zheng was shocked that a Divine Sea Realm expert with such strength could not dig the leaves on the top of the tree.
However, these were all public secrets of the four Divine Kingdoms. Some of the Deity rank geniuses present didn't show any changes in their expressions. However, Huo Chen and Huo Yuner, who had rushed over, revealed looks of surprise. They had never explored the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea before. Although they knew of the four great mystic realms, they didn't know what they were.
"The Devouring Stage Devouring Bug can't dig the leaves on the 45th to 47th level, but the Devouring Devouring Bug under your feet can!" King Yan smiled and said, "However, the Devouring Devouring Bug usually lives on the 30th level. It is unlikely that you can find a Soul Core in it. However, every time the Feather Emperor Secret Realm is opened, both the Devouring Devouring Bug and the Devouring Bug will be killed. Do you understand now?"
After hearing what the King of Yan had said, Luo Zheng finally understood everything.
The Devouring Devouring Bug could not dig the leaves on the top three levels. However, they urgently needed the Soul Cores. Since they could not dig the leaves, they could only place their hopes on the Devouring Devouring Bug. Therefore, they would search for the Devouring Bug every year. On the one hand, it was to get rid of the bugs. On the other hand, it was to find the Soul Cores in the Devouring Bug's body.
"However, the War Emperors and War Emperors did not forbid others from killing the Devouring Bug, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
King Yan shook his head and answered, "No."
In fact, ordinary Virtual Tribulation Realm martial artists could not capture the Devouring Bug. Even the god-tier geniuses who were at the top of the ladder, such as Huo Yuner, would find it difficult to capture the Devouring Bug.
Only the most powerful Life and Death Realm martial artists and Divine Sea Realm martial artists had the chance to capture the Devouring Bug.
The Life and Death Realm martial artists and Divine Sea Realm martial artists acted together. They would not be so bored as to make such a rule.
"Since there are no rules forbidding us from capturing the Devouring Bug, why can't I touch this Devouring Bug?" Luo Zheng suddenly looked at Liu Xiu. His eyes revealed a cold look.
Liu Xiu could not help but shudder under Luo Zheng's gaze. This guy was not even afraid of his father. Why would he be afraid of a Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom?
However, seeing Luo Zheng capture a green Devouring Bug, Liu Xiu was not willing to give up. He threatened, "Hmph, even if you get a Soul Core from this Devouring Bug, I'm afraid you don't have the guts to take it for yourself!"
In response to Liu Xiu's warning, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly. With a light tap of his finger, a long sword shot out from his Sumeru Ring. Holding the long sword in his hand, he slashed at the Ore Devouring Bug's abdomen! What he cared about was the Origin Stone of Life in the Devouring Bug's stomach!
The defensive power of the Devouring Bug's scales was amazing. The slash only broke a row of the scales. The second slash only cut open the abdomen of the Devouring Bug.
"Ding ding dang dang!"
The appetite of the Devouring Bug was also amazing. After its stomach was cut open by Luo Zheng, all kinds of ores flowed out. There were about two to three hundred ores!
The hundreds of god-tier geniuses who were watching all stared blankly at the Devouring Bug's stomach. Although many of the ores were very precious, they were not concerned about anything else. They were most concerned about whether they could find a Soul Core in the Devouring Bug's stomach. That was the most important thing to the four Divine Kingdoms!
Green Devouring Bugs were rarely active at the top of mining trees. Even the possibility of finding a Soul Core in the stomach of a purple Devouring Bug was very small, let alone a green Devouring Bug.
The key was that even if some Devouring Bugs did dig out a Soul Core from the top of the leaves, they would be digested after swallowing it into their stomachs …
Unless a green or purple Devouring Bug flew up to the top of the 45th leaf and dug out a Soul Core not long before the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm opened and swallowed it before digesting it. At that time, it was caught by a Divine Sea Realm cultivator and obtained a Soul Core!
From this, it could be seen that this Soul Core was really too precious. Often, it would be difficult to obtain a Soul Core even after killing hundreds of Devouring Bugs for several years.
When the ores in the Devouring Bug's stomach flowed out slowly along with its body fluid, King Yan's eyes revealed a look of disappointment. Luo Zheng smiled, "Why? No Soul Core? "
King Yan nodded and replied, "No!"
Luo Zheng did not pay too much attention to it. On one hand, he was not clear about the use of this Soul Core. On the other hand, he was focused on finding Life Origin Stones. He would not be too distracted by other things.
Although there were no Soul Cores in the Devouring Bug's stomach, there were many Life Origin Stones. Luo Zheng was already satisfied.
His eyes flashed and he smiled at Yue Ying, "I'll have to trouble you. Please help me trade these away."
Yue Ying's eyes widened slightly, but she pouted and said, "So dirty!"
Naturally, he would not let a woman say such dirty words. Only Luo Zheng could clean the ores out of the Devouring Bug's body fluid one by one.