After Luo Zheng cleaned up the ores, he handed them over to Yue Ying.
There were quite a few Origin Stones of Life, but they were still far from Luo Zheng's goal.
Ning Yudie's life force was on the verge of drying up. Perhaps these Origin Stones of Life could awaken Ning Yudie, but they couldn't replenish her life force and restore her to her original state.
Luo Zheng had always felt guilty for letting Ning Yudie fall into such a state. He also blamed himself deeply. Hence, the more Origin Stones of Life he had, the better it was for Luo Zheng.
This Ore Devouring Worm didn't have a Soul Core in its body. Most of the god-tier geniuses were disappointed.
Even if Luo Zheng dug out a Soul Core from this Ore Devouring Worm's corpse, it probably wouldn't fall into their hands. However, when everyone saw that Luo Zheng had caught an Ore Devouring Worm, they couldn't help but hope to dig it out.
After dealing with this Ore Devouring Worm's corpse, Luo Zheng asked King Yan curiously, "Why is this so-called Soul Core so important?"
This wasn't a secret. Even those god-tier geniuses who entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea for the first time seemed to know very well. King Yan simply told Luo Zheng, "Do you remember the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm that I mentioned to you before?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Right now, many Divine Sea Realm Almighties weren't interested in the Feather Emperor Secret Realm, the Dream God Secret Realm, and the Godly Emperor Secret Realm. The only thing they were interested in was the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm, which was above the three Secret Realms. That was the most important place for the Dragon Bloodline Clan. It was also where the Ancestral Dragon's egg was.
"Could this Soul Core be related to entering the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng continued to ask. In fact, King Yan's words had already informed Luo Zheng.
"Yes, only by obtaining the Soul Core will you be qualified to enter the Godly Emperor Secret Realm and control the corpse of the Dragon Bloodline Clan!" King Yan smiled.
Hearing King Yan's words, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
At the same time, he felt a slight tremor in his mind. He could feel Qinglong's soul trembling.
Luo Zheng promised Qinglong to get the Ancestral Dragon egg, but only if there was a chance.
Even Divine Sea Realm experts would find it hard to enter the Heavenly Star Mystery Land. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he might not be able to do anything.
However, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea would open every year. If Luo Zheng didn't have the opportunity this year, he only needed to accumulate enough Life Origin Stones and go back to Ning Yudie to replenish her life force. When the time was right, he could come back to Scandinavia.
After all, the four Divine Nations had not taken the Ancestral Dragon's egg from the Heavenly Star Secret Realm even after so many years. It was unlikely that they would be able to take it away in a short period of time.
Before Qinglong could speak, Luo Zheng had already replied in his mind, "If I can obtain the Soul Core from this mining tree, I will also enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm."
After hearing Luo Zheng's reply, Qinglong's face revealed a look of relief. Although he lived in Luo Zheng's mind, he couldn't ask too much of Luo Zheng. With his current strength, it was still too difficult for him to fight against those Divine Sea Realm experts. Not to mention how dangerous the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was, just dealing with those War Emperors and Battle Emperors was already a difficult test for Luo Zheng. Furthermore, Luo Zheng had already formed a feud with the Yu Da Divine Nation …
As a result, Qinglong and the crimson dragon didn't say anything. They closed their huge dragon eyes in relief. Previously, when they helped Luo Zheng block the little monster's Soul Impact, it was not a small loss for them. They needed to rest and recuperate for a period of time.
As for why the Soul Core was needed to control the corpses in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm, Luo Zheng didn't ask any further. Everything was based on the premise that Luo Zheng obtained the Soul Core. As for the other answers, it was useless no matter how much Luo Zheng knew. Right now, he still needed to hurry and excavate the Origin Stone of Life.
Yue Ying accumulated all of Luo Zheng's ores and started a new round of trading with numerous martial artists. This time, all of the martial artists who were mining were attracted by Luo Zheng. Among them, there must be many martial artists who had dug out the Origin Stone of Life. The shrewd Yue Ying would naturally seize this opportunity.
After bidding farewell to Yan Wang, Luo Zheng continued to enter the pyramid's 30th floor.
Luo Zheng originally thought that the higher the floor, the higher the probability of finding the Origin Stone of Life. However, after searching for half a day, Luo Zheng was somewhat disappointed.
The leaves on the 30th floor were harder to excavate than on the 29th floor. However, the number of Origin Stones of Life didn't increase. On the contrary, it even decreased slightly …
No wonder Yan Wang suggested Luo Zheng to excavate above the 25th floor and below the 30th floor. It was estimated that the number of Origin Stones of Life in these five floors would be greater.
The problem was that Luo Zheng had basically explored all of the Origin Stones from the 25th floor to the 29th floor. The majority of the Origin Stones of Life were probably excavated by Luo Zheng himself. A portion of them might have fallen into the hands of other martial artists. However, those numbers were definitely not many.
According to Luo Zheng's estimation, the number of Origin Stones of Life in the hands of other martial artists would probably only add up to a hundred. Adding the Origin Stones of Life in Luo Zheng's hands, it would probably only be around three to four hundred. This number was still too far away from Luo Zheng's goal of a thousand.
"Every year, this mining tree will absorb all kinds of ores from unknown places. Every year, it will be completely excavated by the people of the four Divine Kingdoms. Next year, it will grow new leaves. In other words …"
Luo Zheng came to a troublesome conclusion. Just based on this year's production, it was likely that there would only be five to six hundred Origin Stones of Life!
Standing on the giant leaf, Luo Zheng's heart sank. Perhaps he could gather enough Origin Stones of Life to protect Ning Yudie, but his goal was still too far away.
"Huu …"
Luo Zheng let out a long breath. Even so, Luo Zheng could only brace himself and continue to excavate the ores and collect as many Origin Stones of Life as possible.
"Kacha, kacha …"
As Luo Zheng continued to excavate, the number of other ores also increased. However, the number of Origin Stones of Life didn't increase significantly.
From the 30th floor onwards, the Origin Stones of Life became rarer and rarer. 30th floor, 30th floor, 32nd floor …
He continued to excavate layer by layer. The leaf became more and more solid. Luo Zheng could only continuously borrow the power of the dragon scales.
Six hours later, when Luo Zheng went out again, the colorful ores around Yue Ying had already piled up into a small mountain the height of a person …
The ores in the small mountain flickered with all kinds of colors. This was the result of Luo Zheng's random selection. Otherwise, there would be even more.
Of course, there were many precious ores, but there was also a considerable amount of ores that weren't very valuable. After all, Luo Zheng didn't know how to identify ores. He was just randomly excavating.
It was also this small mountain of ores that attracted the attention of half of the Divine Rank geniuses.
"This Luo Tianxing, I suspect that he's a puppet that doesn't know fatigue. This efficiency, tsk tsk, I'm afraid that even a Divine Sea Realm expert wouldn't be as good as him."
"In any case, I have nothing to say. I'll forget about this year. Next year, I'll definitely suggest to Imperial Father not to let him in. If this continues, he can dig up all the ores in the entire mining tree!"
"Ai, I want that Saint Forged Rock, but that damned woman's price is too high. She even said that 50 Origin Life Stones would be enough! I really can't take out 50 Origin Life Stones! Not even a single one … "
Many Divine Rank geniuses were also very envious, but they didn't dare to openly snatch it. This Luo Zheng didn't give face to anyone, even the Great Yu Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince Liu Xiu. If they really snatched it, it would be difficult for them to escape.
Luo Zheng's mining efficiency wasn't any worse than a Divine Sea Realm expert. After borrowing the power of the dragon scale, in terms of pure strength, he was on par with some Divine Sea Realm experts. He was even a lot stronger than some Divine Sea Realm experts.
What's more, when those Divine Sea Realm warriors were mining like this, they had to consume the energy stored in their bodies. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was directly borrowing the endless energy from the dragon scales. Although the energy from the dragon scales would be consumed, with Luo Zheng's current strength, the consumption of the dragon scales would be much slower than the recovery speed.
This meant that Luo Zheng had an endless source of energy. In this way, who could compete with him in mining efficiency?
Mining efficiency wasn't a problem, the Origin Life Stones were.
"Yueying, how many Origin Life Stones did you exchange?" Luo Zheng walked over and threw a colorful ore into the small mountain. There were at least thousands of ores piled up in this small mountain.
＝＝＝＝＝