"Not much, but I sold a lot of top grade true essence stones. I have over 30,000 top grade true essence stones here …" Yue Ying curled her lips as she spoke. She also knew that Luo Zheng was indifferent towards top grade true essence stones. But, as long as there was even the slightest hint of a martial artist possessing a life source stone, Yue Ying would buy it for a high price. Now, no one really had any life source stones on hand. She had been using some rare ores to tempt these divine rank geniuses, and these divine rank geniuses were just short of borrowing life source stones from others.
But, all the life source stones were with Yue Ying, so who could they borrow them from?
"Oh, I understand." Luo Zheng faintly replied. Then, he climbed up the pyramid once more.
He had already finished exploring the 34th floor. Now, his goal was the 35th floor. Perhaps the higher he went, the fewer life source stones there would be. But, he didn't have a choice.
As Luo Zheng climbed up to the 35th floor of the pyramid, he saw a special narrow door.
All the narrow doors of the pyramid were supported by two gray pillars, forming a narrow passageway that was wide enough for a person. So, only one person could enter at a time.
But, on the 35th floor, there was a narrow door that was different. The pillars of this narrow door were carved with two True Dragons. These two True Dragons had their mouths wide open, glaring at Luo Zheng. They looked very lifelike.
"Why is this narrow door different?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of curiosity.
However, the majority of martial artists were active on the 30th floor and below. As for the divine rank geniuses that were willing to enter the 35th floor, there wasn't a single one. The reason was simple – it was a pure waste of time. They simply couldn't dig up the leaves on the 35th floor. Not only that, but if they encountered the Ore Devouring Bugs, their lives would be in danger. Even if they were green Ore Devouring Bugs, it would still be difficult for them to resist.
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng decided to personally enter and investigate.
After Luo Zheng stepped through the narrow door, he continued to fall. Soon, he fell onto a giant leaf. But, this leaf was completely different from the others!
The other leaves were transparent and as beautiful as glass. Their entire bodies emitted a deep blue brilliance. The lower the leaf, the whiter it was, and the higher the leaf, the bluer it was. But, the giant leaf beneath Luo Zheng's feet was suffused with a golden brilliance.
"This leaf seems very special." Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of curiosity as he began to carefully size it up.
As he looked, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly widened!
"This is … a pickaxe! What grade is this pickaxe!? "Luo Zheng cried out.
Embedded within this pale golden leaf was a short pickaxe. The pickaxe was pitch black, but the aura it emitted caused Luo Zheng to be inwardly startled. More importantly, there were strange divine runes swirling around the pickaxe's head. And these divine runes …
".... Furthermore, it's three ten-star divine runes! "Luo Zheng cried out once more.
Luo Zheng couldn't tell the difference between the four Divine Kingdoms' Divine Rune Inheritance and the human race's Divine Rune Inheritance. But, the Divine Rune Technique of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was inherited from the True Dragon Clan. Luo Zheng had learned it from Qinglong!
Ten-star Divine Runes, even in the Divine Realm, were the highest grade of Divine Runes. Even when Qinglong was at his peak, he had to spend a considerable amount of energy and time to draw a ten-star Divine Rune. This wasn't even considering the materials required to draw it!
Luo Zheng had relied on three five-star Divine Runes to block the invasion of Life and Death experts. The difference between each star of the Divine Runes was like heaven and earth. What about six-star Divine Runes? Seven-star? Eight-star?
Then, what grade of treasure was this pickaxe with three ten-star Divine Runes?
Luo Zheng couldn't tell at the moment. But, he understood. Since there were three ten-star Divine Runes engraved on this pickaxe, its grade was definitely not low!
"Dig it out?"
This thought uncontrollably jumped out of Luo Zheng's mind.
But, on second thought, since the entrance was so obvious, this leaf must have been visited by many experts. Moreover, most of them were Life and Death experts and Divine Sea experts. Even Divine Sea experts couldn't do anything to this pickaxe, so how could he dig it out?
Although this was what he thought, Luo Zheng still took out the Divine Tool grade pickaxe. Then, he walked towards the pickaxe on the pale golden leaf. After standing still, Luo Zheng used the pickaxe in his hand to lightly knock on the leaf twice.
The pale golden leaf gave out two muffled sounds.
After taking aim, Luo Zheng raised the pickaxe in his hand high and swung it at the leaf with all his might!
"Pa! Bang … Pa da da … "
The first sound was the sound of Luo Zheng's pickaxe hitting the surface of the leaf. The second sound was the sound of the pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand breaking. The third sound was the sound of the broken pickaxe rolling to the edge of the leaf and falling straight down!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. Then, he revealed a trace of a bitter smile.
Although the pickaxe given to Luo Zheng by Yan Wang was a low-grade Divine Tool, after being ravaged by Luo Zheng, it was already somewhat damaged. Now, the hardness of the pale golden leaf under Luo Zheng's feet was simply unimaginable!
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, perhaps the strength of this pale golden leaf was already equivalent to a Divine Tool!
In other words, just by cutting off this pale golden leaf, one could already make a weapon of the same strength as a Divine Tool!
When this low-grade Divine Tool pickaxe was hit, it was like an egg hitting a rock. It instantly broke.
The pickaxe was broken, but there was not even the slightest trace of it left on the leaf …
Looking at the pitch-black pickaxe lying quietly under the leaf, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of unwillingness to admit defeat. The Sumeru Ring in his hand flashed, and he took out the high-grade Divine Tool in his hand.
Swords were known for their sharpness, but they were not suitable for mining. In terms of overall strength, they were far inferior to the pickaxe. Therefore, Luo Zheng drew out the sword and gestured for a while. In the end, he was reluctant to stab it down. The result would most likely be his sword breaking.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng sighed and jumped down from the pale golden leaf.
When Luo Zheng carried the broken pickaxe and appeared beside the pyramid, Yan Wang asked curiously, "Luo Zheng, you broke the pickaxe!"
Luo Zheng gently waved the broken pickaxe in his hand and smiled helplessly. After all, this pickaxe was lent to him by Yan Wang. Now, he had broken it.
"That's impossible. Even if you're mining on level 35, a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact can't be broken so quickly." King Yan's face was filled with confusion. Although the pickaxe was a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact, its shape was suitable for mining. In particular, the head of the pickaxe was wide and thick. Under normal circumstances, it would be very difficult to break it. King Yan did not blame Luo Zheng. Although it was difficult to obtain a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact, it was still a Lower Grade Sacred Artifact after all.
Luo Zheng could only answer truthfully, "I found a strange thing on the 35th floor."
"Oh!" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yan Wang's face suddenly revealed an expression of realization. "You mean the pickaxe in the golden leaf? Don't tell me you want to dig it out? "
That pale golden leaf was not difficult to find. Otherwise, Yan Wang would not know. Luo Zheng nodded immediately.
"Haha, no wonder! Blame me for not reminding you! " Yan Wang said immediately, "That golden leaf can't be broken at all. The pickaxe wrapped in the golden leaf is called 'Black Star'. It is recorded in the literature of the Dragon Bloodline Clan that it is a Supreme Artifact!"
"A Supreme Artifact?" Luo Zheng was stunned. Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the divine tools were the same as the Divine Tools. They were also divided into upper, middle, and lower grades. It seemed that it was not what he had guessed. It was just that Luo Zheng had never come into contact with them before. Now, Qinglong and Red Dragon were also in a deep sleep, and Xun was also immersed in the Soul Cultivation Wood. There was no one to ask him now.