Starting from the 45th layer, all the leaves would reach an unimaginable level. Even a Divine Sea Realm warrior would not be able to move them. Even someone stronger than a Divine Sea Realm warrior would not be able to break them open.
After conquering the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, the four Divine Kingdoms obtained many inheritances of the Dragon Bloodline from the four Mystery Realms. From these documents, they understood that only the "Black Star" in the Golden Leaf could open the top layer of the leaf!
The problem was that the Black Star Pickaxe was sealed in the Golden Leaf …
In other words, they could not get the supreme artifact, nor could they open the top layer of the Mineral Tree, nor could they get the "Soul Core". This was a dead knot that could not be opened.
Until someone found the worms that grew on the Mineral Tree. These worms did not have a name. Later, when the Divine Kingdoms found out that these worms ate ores for a living, they called these worms Ore Devouring Worms.
Even a Divine Sea Realm cultivator couldn't dig through the leaves, but they couldn't stop the Ore Devouring Bugs. Therefore, the Divine Kingdom's martial artists shifted their attention away from the Blackstar Pickaxe and focused on the Ore Devouring Bugs. Their efforts paid off. In the end, they obtained the Soul Core and were able to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm!
Knowing that they could not get the Black Star Pickaxe, everyone in the four Divine Kingdoms had given up. However, Luo Zheng still wanted to take it out.
"So, I can't take it out." Luo Zheng let out a sigh of relief. He was a bit disappointed.
Then, Luo Zheng threw this thought out of his mind. He gathered his courage and went into the narrow door of the pyramid again to look for the Origin Stone of Life.
Although the pickaxe was broken, Luo Zheng's fists were still as strong as a Divine Weapon. He just needed to use a little more strength.
However, in the next two hours, Luo Zheng did not find anything.
In order to find the Origin Stone of Life, Luo Zheng even gave up on digging for other ores. The ores above the 35th layer were all valuable. However, Luo Zheng did not have the patience to waste time and energy here. He kept going back and forth between the pyramid and the Mineral Tree, trying to find the Origin Stone of Life.
From the 35th floor to the 40th floor, the number of leaves on each floor decreased. Luo Zheng shuttled back and forth thousands of times, carefully examining each leaf, but he still did not find a single Origin Stone of Life.
During this time, Luo Zheng also encountered a few green Ore Devouring Bugs, but these Ore Devouring Bugs seemed to have become smarter. As long as Luo Zheng landed on a leaf, these Ore Devouring Bugs would immediately flap their wings and carefully avoid him. Luo Zheng had no chance to catch these bugs.
Luo Zheng's heart sank, and his brows furrowed tightly. "I'm afraid this is going to be troublesome.
In this way, it would be a problem whether he could gather 500 Origin Stones of Life. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng didn't do anything. Instead, he directly climbed to the 40th floor of the pyramid!
"Luo Zheng!" Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to enter the 40th floor, King Yan couldn't help but stop him. "Above the 40th floor, only the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm can enter. If you go in, I'm afraid …"
The purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the 40th floor were ten times more powerful than the green Ore Devouring Bugs! Even the top warriors of the Life and Death Realm would find it difficult to deal with them, let alone Luo Zheng entering the 40th floor. So what? It was impossible for him to dig out the leaves on the 40th floor.
"That guy is courting death. Just let him go in! Every ore on the 40th floor is priceless. As long as he can dig out one ore, he will make a fortune! "
"He can even injure Battle God Yu the Great. Hehe, maybe he can really dig out the ore on the 40th floor!"
Some of the Deity rank geniuses could no longer hold themselves back. Luo Zheng was slowly climbing up the ranks, and in their eyes, this was a blatant show off! After all, for these god-level geniuses of the False Tribulation Realm, going above the 40th floor was almost like a forbidden area.
Why would Luo Zheng care about these words? He just said to King Yan, "I'm just going in to have a look. Don't worry, I will be careful!"
Even if he encountered purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the 40th floor, which were equivalent to Level 11 Ferocious Beasts and comparable to Divine Sea Realm warriors, as long as the purple Ore Devouring Bugs couldn't use the power of the Realm and cut off his connection with the Vast Thousand World, they couldn't kill Luo Zheng.
After all, he could use "Force Transfer" to transfer the attack on his body to another place.
Luo Zheng also knew that the Origin Stones of Life were so rare on the 30th floor, so the probability of finding one on the 40th floor was even lower. However, he had no other choice.
After stepping through the narrow door, Luo Zheng instantly fell onto the leaves on the 40th floor!
Stepping on the leaves on the 40th floor, Luo Zheng glanced around. There were no legendary purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the leaves in front of him, but there were six of them on the leaves next to it!
The purple Ore Devouring Bugs were twice the size of the green ones, and there were two more pairs of compound eyes on their heads. A gloomy and cold Qi Power was emitted from their heads.
The six purple Ore Devouring Bugs had their heads on the leaves. It seemed that they had just dug out the ores in the leaves and were swallowing the ores with the mouthparts on their faces. Their huge purple abdomens were raised high.
The sound of Luo Zheng falling on the leaves alarmed one of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. The purple Ore Devouring Bug lowered its abdomen, and its body was like a lever. Its head was raised high, and the feelers on its head swayed slightly. It turned its head and looked at Luo Zheng with its four black compound eyes.
Although Luo Zheng was confident that he could escape from the purple Ore Devouring Bugs, he would not challenge them for no reason. With his strength, he might not be able to cut open the outer shell of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs.
He saw that the purple Ore Devouring Bugs had noticed him, and they quickly swept their eyes over the leaves under his feet. The ores in the leaves were almost the size of a human head. Some of the ores faintly transmitted various mysterious power of law. Even if Luo Zheng did not know the type and value of the ores, he knew that these ores were destined to be valuable!
"There are no Origin Stones of Life." Luo Zheng had already expected this result. Since there were no ores on the 35th floor, there would be no ores on the 40th floor! It was just that he did not give up.
"Squeak — —"
The purple Ore Devouring Bug on the leaves suddenly made a sharp sound. Then it waved its slender and sharp forelegs and pointed at Luo Zheng.
The other five purple Ore Devouring Bugs, who were still lowering their heads to swallow the ores, suddenly stopped. Then, with a "boom", they flew up and turned into five purple insect shadows, surrounding Luo Zheng!
Five purple Ore Devouring Bugs. This thing's strength could be ranked as a Level 11 Vicious Beast, which was equivalent to five Divine Sea Realm experts!
Luo Zheng did not feel the power of a Territory from these bugs, but his face changed greatly. Almost without thinking, he turned over and directly jumped out from the leaves!
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
The moment Luo Zheng jumped out, the purple Ore Devouring Bug flying at the front was only three feet away from Luo Zheng. It did not use its sharp forelegs to attack Luo Zheng, but wanted to use the slender legs under its abdomen to capture Luo Zheng.
Once Luo Zheng was captured by these purple Ore Devouring Bugs, Luo Zheng would be attacked by these purple Ore Devouring Bugs. The consequences would be unimaginable!
"Capture me! In your dreams! "
Luo Zheng twisted his waist in the air. A cold light flashed in his hand, and the long sword was already slashed out!
"Ding, ding!"
The originally invincible Upper Grade Holy Weapon did not have any effect at this moment! The slender legs of the purple Ore Devouring Bug were only as thick as an arm, but when the Upper Grade Holy Weapon hit them, it only made a crisp sound and some sparks.
"This bug's armor is so hard?" Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment. However, with the reverse thrust of the two swords, Luo Zheng continued to fall down!
The speed of his fall was extremely fast. After all, in addition to the pushing force, there was also a strong gravitational force pulling him down. However, the purple Ores Devouring Bugs were still chasing after him. They actually swooped down towards Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh!"