Level 11 vicious beasts were indeed much more powerful than Luo Zheng had imagined! At such a high speed, he managed to get rid of the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs and fell straight to the bottom of the halo. At the moment of falling, Luo Zheng was still worried that the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs would not chase after him, right? If they did, how would the many Void Tribulation Realm martial artists outside resist?
However, the purple Ore Devouring Bugs were unable to chase after Luo Zheng. They discovered that there were still some humans mining in the sacred tree. Like a whirlwind, they rushed towards those humans!
At this moment, Huo Chen was concentrating on mining on the 27th floor. Suddenly, he heard some commotion. When he looked up, his expression changed greatly.
"This, what the hell is this!" Huo Chen stared blankly at the huge purple Ore Devouring Bugs.
"Ah! Save me, save me!" Not far from Huo Chen, a divine rank genius was caught by a purple Ore Devouring Bug. The purple Ore Devouring Bug threw the divine rank genius into the air …
As long as a martial artist left the leaf, they would be pulled in by a huge gravitational force. However, when the purple Ore Devouring Bug threw him, it forcefully counteracted the gravitational force. One could imagine how strong the purple Ore Devouring Bug was.
"Save …" The martial artist could only instinctively shout for help. He did not know how to resist.
After the martial artist was thrown into the air, the other purple Ore Devouring Bugs surrounded him. They stretched out their slender legs and began to tear the martial artist apart!
The Ore Devouring Bugs lived by eating the ores on the mining tree. They did not eat the flesh of humans. Therefore, by tearing, they were purely torturing the martial artist.
How could the body of a Void Tribulation Realm martial artist withstand the tearing of a level 11 vicious beast? The martial artist's screams for help came to an abrupt end. Then, he was torn into pieces. The pieces of his corpse fell towards the bottom of the mining tree …
When the other martial artists, including Huo Chen and the others, saw this scene, their faces turned green. At this time, even a fool would know that they had to run for their lives. All of them desperately rushed out of the leaf and swooped down.
Outside the pyramid, most of the martial artists were still unaware of what had happened in the mining tree. Most of them were still trading their ores or bargaining with Yue Ying …
The number of top grade true essence stones in Yue Ying's hands had already reached 70,000 to 80,000!
With so many top grade True Essence Stones, even for a Divine Kingdom Crown Prince, this was not a small sum of money. Even in the four Divine Kingdoms' national treasuries, there were usually only two to three hundred thousand top grade True Essence Stones in reserve. But in these short four to five hours, Yue Ying had already earned seventy to eighty thousand top grade True Essence Stones.
If it was in the past, after earning so many top-grade true essence stones, Yue Ying would probably be overjoyed. Even if she only took a commission, it would still be a huge sum of money for her!
However, what made her depressed was that she hadn't been able to help Luo Zheng obtain too many Life Source Stones. It seemed that the number of Life Source Stones she had obtained from the exchange was far below Luo Zheng's expectations. However, the mining tree could only produce so many Life Source Stones in a year.
.....................................
........
. The ripples from the halo on one side of the pyramid had yet to completely disperse, but a large crater had already appeared. Luo Zheng was lying in the middle of the crater.
"Huh? What happened to Brother Tianxing?" Yue Ying blinked her eyes and stared at Luo Zheng in the crater.
Luo Zheng had almost used his fastest speed to get rid of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. With this speed, he was unable to stop himself, so he smashed a large crater in the ground.
Of course, with Luo Zheng's saint tool body, he would not be injured. However, under such an impact, he felt his blood tumble.
Everyone watched as Luo Zheng climbed out of the crater. Then, countless halos began to flicker above Luo Zheng's head. Then, bloody chunks of corpses fell down like rain from the densely packed halos.
Luo Zheng turned his head and saw this scene. His face revealed a trace of helplessness. Then, the densely packed halos continued to flicker. One by one, the god-grade geniuses with pale faces drilled out of the halos.
Only a small number of the god-grade geniuses came out standing. Most of the god-grade geniuses were smashed out directly. They did not have a body as strong as Luo Zheng's, so they all fell unbearably.
"What, what happened?!"
"The interior of the pyramid shouldn't be so dangerous. Why does it seem like everyone is running for their lives?"
"Is it the Ore Devouring Bugs? The purple Ore Devouring Bugs came down? "
The god-grade geniuses trading outside were discussing spiritedly. Some of them had already guessed the truth.
"Luo Tianxing!" A prince of the Star Wilderness Divine Kingdom climbed out of the crater. This prince's face was pale, and there was a trace of blood at the corner of his mouth. He roared at Luo Zheng in anger, "You actually led the purple Ore Devouring Bugs to the lower level!"
Hearing the prince's words, the god-grade geniuses outside the pyramid immediately understood what had happened.
Even the green Ore Devouring Bugs were difficult for the god-grade geniuses to deal with. Only a small number of first-tier god-grade geniuses, such as Luo Zheng and Liu Xiu, dared to provoke them. However, Luo Zheng could kill the green Ore Devouring Bugs, while Liu Xiu and the others could not.
The purple Ore Devouring Bugs were much more powerful than the green ones. Not to mention False Tribulation Realm experts, even False Tribulation Realm experts would be afraid to avoid them.
The habits of these big bugs were very regular. Generally, green Ore Devouring Bugs would not enter the 30th floor and below, while purple Ore Devouring Bugs would not easily enter the 40th floor and below. Just now, everyone had seen Luo Zheng enter the 40th floor with their own eyes. Hearing the prince's words, everyone was certain that Luo Zheng had lured the purple Ore Devouring Bugs down.
Luo Zheng himself did not want this to happen. Facing the prince's accusation, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. He said, "I didn't do it on purpose."
"Humph, you caused the death of someone, and you think you can just say that you didn't do it on purpose?" The prince was still unconvinced.
Luo Zheng shrugged. He could not predict the situation, but even so, he did not intend to change his decision. He would search the entire mining tree until he could not find any more Life Origin Stones.
Seeing Luo Zheng ignore him, the prince was even more furious. However, he could not do anything to Luo Zheng. He could only say, "Everyone, don't go mining! Who knows if the purple Ore Devouring Bugs have flown to the upper floors! "
These god-grade geniuses could not escape the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. If they were unlucky and encountered another purple Ore Devouring Bug, they would die.
"Alas, there's no other way. Let's go pick up the trash. Maybe we can find something good!"
"I don't want to mine, I'll go pick up the trash too!"
"Let's go, it's better than losing our lives here!"
Many warriors said indignantly. Then, they went around the pyramid in groups of three to five and walked in another direction.
King Yan walked over with a bitter smile and asked, "Did you really lure the purple Ore Devouring Bugs down?"
Luo Zheng nodded. There was nothing he could not admit.
"How many?" King Yan did not care about the lives of the other warriors. Moreover, the dead warriors were not from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. The god-grade genius who died could only blame himself for his bad luck.
"I think there were five …" Luo Zheng replied.
"…"
Luo Zheng was able to lure five purple Ore Devouring Bugs down at once. The problem was that this guy could escape unscathed. King Yan did not know what to say.
"I advise you not to go in. The 40th floor is too dangerous. If you are besieged by five or six purple Ore Devouring Bugs, I'm afraid you won't be able to escape!" King Yan advised.
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. There was no change in his expression. No matter how dangerous the mining tree was, Luo Zheng had to go in!
King Yan knew that Luo Zheng was stubborn. Since he could not persuade him, he did not say anything more.
"What do they mean by picking up the trash?" Luo Zheng asked King Yan when he heard the god-grade geniuses mention this.
"Picking up the trash?" King Yan smiled. "Picking up the trash means going to the armory to pick up weapons that are not cursed. This place is called the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm. It was originally the mine of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. All the blacksmiths of the Dragon Bloodline Clan used to refine weapons on this island. The most famous blacksmith of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was called the Feather Emperor."
(Today's update is over. Adjust your mentality ^ _ ^ and work hard to write. Thank you to Hops Dance for your 5K reading coins! Thank you to Colorful Sunshine, Qian Lei, Mind Reader, Mao Mao, Lan Yue, Bamboo, Buli … Wen Aimei for your tips! Happy Lantern Festival everyone!)
＝＝＝＝＝