The name of the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm came from the fact that this island had once given birth to an Emperor Weapon Refiner. The entire Feather Emperor Island was a collection of mineral mining, weapon refining, and so on. It could be considered as an arsenal of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
When the entire Dragon Bloodline was attacked, the Dragon Bloodline people on the Feather Emperor Island were unable to destroy the numerous weapons. However, they were unwilling to let the weapons fall into the hands of the Human Race. Therefore, they cast an irreversible curse on the weapons!
The curse could not be removed, and the cursed weapons could not be used. Therefore, in the eyes of these god-level geniuses, the weapons became trash.
However, the number of these weapons was simply too large. From the lowest level of Xuan Weapons to Spirit Weapons, Immortal Weapons, and Sacred Weapons, there were probably millions of them. There were bound to be some missing weapons that were not tainted by the curse.
If one could find one or two Sacred Artifacts among them, it would be a huge profit.
However, the probability of finding an uncursed weapon among a large pile of cursed weapons was not high. In the eyes of these god-level geniuses, it became "picking up trash."
In fact, a portion of the god-level geniuses had given up mining at the beginning and went to the arsenal to "pick up trash." However, most of the warriors still thought that mining was more cost-effective. However, now that Luo Zheng had lured the purple Ore Devouring Bugs down, no one was willing to go in. Although mining was good, no one was willing to throw away their lives.
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded. He was not interested in picking up trash, so he decided to enter the mining tree.
Huo Chen and Huo Yuner did not go to pick up trash. In fact, Liu Xiu, Zhou Ning, and the other princes of the Divine Kingdom did not go in either. At their position, other than semi-divine and divine artifacts, even high-grade Sacred Artifacts were not attractive.
However, they did not choose to enter the pyramid. The warriors who stayed behind all looked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not care how the others looked at him. However, when he lured the Ore Devouring Bugs to the lower level, it scared Huo Chen and Huo Yuner out. Therefore, Luo Zheng said, "If those Ore Devouring Bugs return to the upper level, I will come out and inform you."
Huo Yuner was not very interested in mining. She had only entered three times. Most of the time, she sat in a corner of the pyramid and watched Luo Zheng go in and out.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Huo Yuner also wanted to persuade Luo Zheng to go in again. However, after thinking for a while, she didn't say anything. Like Prince of Yan, she also knew that she couldn't persuade Luo Zheng.
However, when Liu Xiu and Zhou Ning heard Luo Zheng's words, they were a bit happy. After all, there was still some time before the mighty warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm arrived. Since they didn't want to "pick up trash", they naturally didn't want to waste this precious time.
After that, Luo Zheng did not choose the narrow door on the 40th floor this time. Instead, he chose the narrow door on the 41st floor.
This time, after entering the narrow door, Luo Zheng didn't encounter any purple Ore Devouring Bugs. This Ore Tree had 100,000 leaves. Luo Zheng stood on the 41st floor, which was probably the top.
On the 41st floor, there were only 200 leaves. On the 42nd floor, there were only 150 leaves. On the 43rd floor, there were 100 leaves. On the 44th floor, there were only 60 leaves.
On the 45th floor, there were 10 leaves …
On the 46th floor, there were 6 leaves …
On the 47th floor, there were 3 leaves …
On the 41st floor, Luo Zheng still didn't find any Origin Stones of Life. He didn't have much hope now. After glancing around, he came to the edge of the leaves and swept the traces of the purple Ore Devouring Bugs.
"There's one on the left …"
"On the 43rd floor, there's one …"
"Five of them, there!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He saw that the five purple Ore Devouring Bugs had returned to the 40th floor, which was to say, they had returned to their original positions!
After letting out a sigh of relief, he jumped down again and entered the light circle at the bottom. He sent the message that the purple Ore Devouring Bugs had returned to the 40th floor. Then, Luo Zheng went straight to the 42nd floor.
Even though he didn't have any hope of finding any Origin Stones of Life, Luo Zheng still carefully scanned around. When he found that there were no leaves on the 42nd floor, he continued to jump down and then entered the 13th floor.
On the 44th floor …
On the 45th floor …
Huo Chen had already entered the pyramid to start mining again. His talent wasn't outstanding among the Crown Princes, but he was the most hardworking one.
Huo Yuner sat in a corner of the pyramid, watching Luo Zheng enter and exit the pyramid …
"Who is he collecting Origin Stones of Life for?" Huo Yuner guessed in her heart. The corner of her mouth curved up slightly. Her eyes flashed slightly. At this moment, she saw Luo Zheng enter the 45th floor …
The 45th floor?
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes. Even though she didn't know anything about the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm, she now knew that from the 45th floor to the 47th floor, there was no need to enter the last three floors.
The leaves in the last three floors couldn't be dug out at all. For so many years, the four Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms had used all kinds of methods, but they still couldn't dig out anything from the 45th floor and above. It was because they couldn't dig it out at all!
Not to mention that there were no Origin Stones of Life in the last three floors, even if there were, they could only stare at them.
How could Luo Zheng not understand this? But he still chose to enter the 45th floor, the floor that was known as the level that couldn't be dug out!
The moment Luo Zheng entered the 45th floor, he smelled a faint fragrance.
"Strange. I can't smell this fragrance on the 44th floor. I don't know where this fragrance is coming from!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Then, he looked up and saw six huge leaves above his head.
In the gap, Luo Zheng saw three more leaves. The six leaves were the 46th floor, and the three leaves were the 47th floor, which was the top floor!
In the center of the three leaves, there was a blooming flower!
"The fragrance is coming from that flower! But the shape of the flower … "Luo Zheng's eyes flickered, and his face revealed a surprised expression.
That flower didn't seem to be a product of nature. Instead, it seemed to be a realm of minerals. Whether it was the petals, the stamen, or the stem of the flower, it seemed to be made up of all kinds of minerals, which was why it looked sharp and angular at first glance.
Because of this, the flower gave people a very symmetrical sense of beauty.
After staring at it for a while, Luo Zheng withdrew his gaze. Although he was instinctively reluctant, he could only sigh at the wonders of the Creator. He still had more important things to do …
But this time, when he lowered his head, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly bloomed with endless colors. "This, this isn't … the Origin Stone of Life!"
Under Luo Zheng's feet, there were fourteen round egg-sized stones circling together. At first glance, they were very similar to the Origin Stone of Life!
They were the same size, the same color. Moreover, Luo Zheng had excavated so many of them. Every time the Origin Stone of Life appeared, it was in a circle. Not a single Origin Stone of Life appeared alone. Moreover, it was always in an even number, ten, twelve, fourteen … The Origin Stone of Life should be a kind of cluster of minerals. Every time it appeared, it would appear in clusters.
The circle of ores in front of him was the same, but the surface of this circle of ores was in a translucent state. Through the transparent leaves and the translucent shell, Luo Zheng saw that there were grains of crystals constantly floating inside.
"This is also the power of life! What a rich power of life! "Luo Zheng's eyes looked carefully, and he felt it even more deeply! Even through the thick layer of leaves, Luo Zheng could feel the power of life within!
After a Origin Stone of Life was crushed, there would only be a trace of power of life. The power of life it contained was too little.
But these stones in front of him were not ordinary. Any one of them contained a thousand times more power of life than the Origin Stone of Life. In other words, only one of them was needed to completely restore Ning Yudie!
Seeing these small stones, Luo Zheng once again sighed at the magic of the Creator. At the same time, his mood was unusually excited.
"One, I only need one! As long as I can take out one, that's enough! "Luo Zheng's eyes stared unwaveringly at his feet.
The problem was that from the ten leaves under Luo Zheng's feet to the six leaves above Luo Zheng's head, and then to the three leaves at the top, even the four Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms had not been able to dig out these three leaves even once. Moreover, it was very likely that the four Divine Kingdoms had asked for help from the human race of the Upper Realm through the reverse spirit channel, but they still could not do anything about these nineteen leaves.