Looking at the round stones under his feet, Luo Zheng's mind was in turmoil. His mind was constantly thinking about how he should take these stones out.
"Let's try it once!"
Luo Zheng took two steps back and tightened his legs. He began to circulate his true essence and vital essence at the same time. At the same time, the power of the dragon scales continuously surged into Luo Zheng's body. At this moment, he had already drawn out all the power of the dragon scales!
With the current strength of Luo Zheng's body, the power of the dragon scales wouldn't put too much of a burden on Luo Zheng's body.
In addition to this, Luo Zheng also closed his eyes and began to communicate with the stars.
"Two stars …"
The moment Luo Zheng closed his eyes and began to communicate with the stars, the light of two stars suddenly flashed in the sky above the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm!
The rich power of the stars began to seep into Luo Zheng's true essence.
Then, Luo Zheng leaped up!
On the leaf, Luo Zheng wasn't affected by the strong gravitational force. When he leaped up, his body rose to a height of one zhang. After circling in the air, he dived down toward the leaf below.
His huge fist heavily pounded on the leaf.
Luo Zheng used all the strength in his body for this punch. The power of this punch couldn't be underestimated. It was even more powerful than the punch that injured Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Moreover, he also used the Stellar Battle Body for this punch!
"Boom!"
When Luo Zheng's punch hit the leaf, a violent sound suddenly erupted. This sound was like thunder, and the entire ore tree could hear it clearly.
Below, several Ore-Devouring Bugs were frightened. They even spread their wings and flew in the air!
Luo Zheng's fist was tightly pressed against the leaf. Below his fist, traces of blood began to seep out, flowing along the leaf below …
Even though Luo Zheng had the body of a sacred tool, the leaf under his feet was much stronger than a sacred tool. When Luo Zheng smashed it, it was like an egg hitting a rock. Not only did the leaf not crack, but his fist was also injured.
"The last three layers of leaves are even stronger than the golden leaf below. No wonder those Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't take out the ores." Luo Zheng didn't look too disappointed. He just wanted to test this fist.
The pickaxe …
If he could get his hands on the Black Star Pickaxe, he should be able to dig out the leaf at the top layer. However, the people of the four Divine Kingdoms couldn't open the golden leaf that wrapped the pickaxe, and Luo Zheng couldn't open it either.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng left the 45th layer of the leaf.
This time, when he was falling, two purple Ore-Devouring Bugs on the 41st and 43rd layers noticed Luo Zheng. They wanted to chase after Luo Zheng. However, because Luo Zheng was too far away and falling too fast, the two Ore-Devouring Bugs returned to the leaf after realizing that they couldn't chase after him.
While falling along these leaves, Luo Zheng was still thinking.
With his current strength, Luo Zheng indeed couldn't open the golden leaf. However, compared to the leaf on the 45th layer, it was still much easier. In other words, Luo Zheng's last chance was still the Black Star Pickaxe. If he could get his hands on this supreme artifact, Luo Zheng would be able to open the leaf on the top layer as well.
If he couldn't do it alone, what about several people? If several people gathered on one leaf and attacked it at the same time …
However, this idea was soon rejected.
Outside the pyramid, King of Yan told Luo Zheng that only one warrior could enter through a narrow door. If several warriors entered through the same narrow door, only the first warrior would land on the leaf accurately. The others would be "squeezed" down automatically. It was impossible for them to climb up the leaf.
Luo Zheng wasn't surprised by King of Yan's answer. If he could think of something, how could those Divine Sea Realm warriors not think of it?
For example, if several Divine Sea Realm warriors were to attack one leaf from several connected leaves … all these methods would be restricted by the rules of the mining tree. It wasn't something that warriors at their level could resist.
To get the Black Star Pickaxe, they had to break it with their own strength!
Standing at the foot of the pyramid, Luo Zheng gazed at the top of the pyramid indifferently. However, he kept repeating two words, "Strength …"
Strength … more strength …
Right at this moment, more than a dozen warriors turned back from the left side of the pyramid. They were murmuring to themselves.
"Motherf * cker, all the trash in the armory has been picked up over the years! Where can we find more? Why don't we just come back and mine? "
"I've only found two Spiritual Weapons after searching for so long. Damn, they're low-grade Spiritual Weapons!"
"I wonder if those Ore-Eating Bugs have gone back. If they have, we can continue mining in the mining tree!"
The dozen or so cultivators were god-ranked geniuses who had gone to 'pick up trash'. Although there were many weapons in the armory, it still required a certain amount of luck to pick out an uncursed weapon. Not to mention, there were many cultivators who went to pick up trash every year. The number of uncursed weapons was rapidly decreasing, and the chances of picking up a Saint artifact were getting smaller and smaller.
Weapons? Weapons? Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
As long as a weapon was not damaged, the Heaven's Derivation Essence in it would not dissipate and return to heaven and earth …
I can refine all those weapons!
Luo Zheng's heart started pounding when he thought of this.
Previously, Luo Zheng had not been in a hurry to absorb the Heaven's Derivation Essence. His body could not withstand too much power. His Immortal Weapon Body was already unstable under the power of a thousand dragon scales.
Now that Luo Zheng had broken through to the Immortal Weapon Body, Luo Zheng's strength could be increased by several levels with his Divine Weapon Body!
Luo Zheng might not be able to break open the golden leaf or take the Black Star Pickaxe with the power of a thousand dragon scales.
But … what about five thousand dragon scales? Ten thousand dragon scales!
Even if Luo Zheng couldn't do it, he would still try his best. Now that there was a plan in front of him that had a high possibility of being realized, he certainly wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
The only problem was whether the cursed weapons still contained the Heaven's Derivation Essence. Would the curse disappear because of the Heaven's Derivation Essence?
He would know after taking a look. Luo Zheng made up his mind and said to King Yan, "King Yan, I also want to go and pick up the trash …"
Yue Ying was still worried about the pile of ores. When she heard that Luo Zheng wanted to pick up the trash, she was puzzled. "Why do you want to pick up the trash …? Even if you are lucky, you can only find one or two Divine Weapons among the cursed weapons. You might as well mine."
Just the ores piled up like a mountain beside Yue Ying, if they were to sell them in the Four Great Divine Kingdoms, they would be able to purchase five or six saint artifacts.
"Yue Ying is right. With your strength, there is no need to pick up the trash." King Yan did not agree, but for some reason, he had a premonition that Luo Zheng did not go to the armory to pick up the trash.
"It's okay. I am just curious. I will definitely come back to mine later!" Luo Zheng replied with a smile. As he said this, Luo Zheng raised his head slightly and met Huo Yuner's gaze.
Although Luo Zheng went in and out of the pyramid, how sharp were his senses? He could naturally feel Huo Yuner's gaze on him.
As their eyes met, Huo Yuner suddenly revealed an elegant and gentle smile. She jumped down from the pyramid. Because of the suppression of the power of blood sacrifice, no one could fly, but Huo Yuner was able to release a fiery red shield of true essence. She glided several dozen feet and arrived in front of Luo Zheng.
"I will go with you to take a look!" Huo Yuner said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
Huo Yuner's purpose of exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea and entering the Feather Emperor Mystic Realm was not for the ores and treasures, but for training.