When they passed by Huo Yuner and Luo Zheng, some warriors couldn't help gossiping and whispering.
"What do you think is going on with Princess Huo of the Tianfeng Divine Nation? Why does she always follow Luo Zheng around? "
"Who would've thought that she would even lend out her Quasi God Weapon at the West Dragon River …"
"Luo Zheng really has good luck with women. If Huo Yuner likes me, it'll be worth it even if I die!"
Those god-grade geniuses weren't talking about Luo Zheng, but about Huo Yuner. They didn't let Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner hear them.
Walking along this straight road for about two or three miles, a continuous wall appeared in front of them. When Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner walked in, they found that the fence was actually a dragon-shaped sculpture.
The dragon's long body made a circle, and its head and tail were the pillars of the armory's main entrance.
After entering the dragon-shaped fence, there were continuous warehouses inside. Some god-grade geniuses were still coming out of those warehouses.
"Those weapons should be displayed in these warehouses." Huo Yuner took the lead and walked into one of the warehouses after taking a glance.
After entering, Luo Zheng's eyes swept over the big boxes in the warehouse.
These boxes were all made of pure copper. The surface of the boxes had been specially treated, so there was no green rust. They still shone with a brass luster.
Most of the copper chests had been opened, and many weapons had fallen out of the chests, scattered on the ground.
"The surface of these weapons …"
At first glance, these weapons were all new and shiny, as if no one had used them before.
But if one looked carefully, they would be able to see that there was a faint black smoke emitting from these weapons …
"What a strong curse power." Huo Yuner slowly walked over and picked up a weapon. It was a middle-grade immortal tool, an exquisite short spear. She shook it lightly, and a little black smoke escaped from the body of the spear, visible to the naked eye.
Luo Zheng didn't care about the curse power in the weapon. He was more concerned about whether he could extract the Heaven's Divination essence from it.
While Huo Yuner was sizing up the long spear, Luo Zheng had already walked into the depths of the warehouse. On the left and right sides of the warehouse, there were copper boxes neatly placed. Each copper box had been opened, and the originally neatly arranged weapons were thrown inside in a mess.
These were the leftovers of the god-level geniuses who were "picking up trash".
"I can't get rid of this curse power, but if I can extract the Heaven's Divination Essence from it, it will be enough for me." Luo Zheng picked out a large saber from a copper box. This saber should be the standard equipment of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Although it was only a mid-grade immortal artifact, its workmanship was extraordinary.
Luo Zheng glanced around and saw that Huo Yuner didn't follow him. He gently closed his eyes and began to communicate with the mysterious furnace in his mind.
As the mysterious furnace slowly rotated, a black flame shot out from the furnace.
Luo Zheng was already familiar with using the black flame to refine weapons. The black flame was very intelligent. After shooting out from between Luo Zheng's eyebrows, it circled slightly in the air and then gently wrapped around the large saber.
The large saber embedded in the shaft instantly melted into molten iron. Then, the molten iron dissolved and finally condensed into a ball of Heaven's Divination Essence!
After all, it was a mid-grade immortal artifact. The amount of Heaven's Divination Essence that could be refined into a Profound Artifact and a Spiritual Artifact was much more than a hundred drops. This ball of Heaven's Divination Essence was enough for Luo Zheng to light up 20 dragon scales.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to absorb the Heaven's Divination Essence. This was because he saw a faint black smoke on top of the Heaven's Divination Essence.
"The black flame can refine all weapons and Dharma treasures, but it can't burn away the power of the curse." Luo Zheng frowned. This wasn't good news for Luo Zheng.
So many weapons hadn't been taken away by the four Divine Kingdoms because these weapons were cursed. The power of the curse might be difficult to remove!
If he absorbed the Heaven's Divination Essence, would it cause negative effects?
Looking at the ball of Heaven's Divination Essence emitting black smoke, Luo Zheng's face revealed a hesitant expression.
In fact, Luo Zheng had a faint idea. Qinglong had once said that if he could obtain a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence, it would be enough to help Qinglong build a Heaven's Divination Body. It was equivalent to helping Qinglong reconstruct a body.
There were countless weapons left in this armory. Most of them were Spiritual Artifacts and Immortal Artifacts. There were even many Sacred Artifacts!
Just the Immortal Artifacts alone were enough to refine a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. A Sacred Artifact contained a large amount of Heaven's Divination Essence. If he absorbed all of these weapons, perhaps Luo Zheng could help Qinglong reconstruct a body!
This Heaven's Divination Body wouldn't be too large. It couldn't be restored to the length of Qinglong's body. However, it would be about the size of an ordinary flood dragon.
Even so, it would be enough to help Luo Zheng. It would be a great help to him for the time being.
Now, the problem was the curse here …
"Let's try it first!"
Luo Zheng's Sacred Artifact Body was impervious to poison. However, this black smoke wasn't poison. It was a curse. He wasn't sure if he could withstand it.
Then, the Heaven's Divination Essence entered Luo Zheng's glabella.
He had indeed absorbed the Heaven's Divination essence. Above the mysterious furnace, more than twenty dragon scales on the surface of the Azure Dragon's body were lit up. Luo Zheng did not seem to feel anything out of the ordinary …
"I'm fine?" Luo Zheng revealed a relaxed smile. Perhaps he was worrying too much.
The black fire continued to churn and flew directly into one of the copper boxes. Inside this huge copper box, there were more than a hundred middle-grade Immortal Artifact sabers. As the black fire continued to sway, the sabers were like soft candles that were quickly melted by the black fire.
At the same time, the Heaven's Divination Essence rapidly flowed down. Drop by drop, they absorbed each other and sparkled like flowing mercury, forming a huge ball of Heaven's Divination Essence.
A single saber could produce more than a hundred drops of Heaven's Divination Essence. The sabers in this huge copper box could produce more than ten thousand drops of Heaven's Divination Essence! It was enough to light up two thousand dragon scales.
In the past, Luo Zheng had to pay for the weapons he smelted himself …
Now that Luo Zheng was sitting in this armory, there were middle-grade Immortal Artifacts everywhere. In other warehouses, there might be a sea of high-grade Immortal Artifacts or even Saint Artifacts!
It was as if Luo Zheng was sitting on a mountain of treasures, or a little bird flying into a huge granary. Luo Zheng began to devour the Heaven's Divination Essence without restraint.
After smelting the large blade in one of the large copper boxes, the wisp of black flame gently floated and directly drilled into another large copper box. It directly drilled a small hole in the two inch thick copper box. After which, it quickly began to smelt the blade within.
The weapons in this copper box were Wolf Fang Hammers. Although they were both middle-grade Immortal Artifacts like the sabers, the Wolf Fang Hammers were heavier and made with more materials. Therefore, each Wolf Fang Hammer produced more Heaven's Divination Essence!
One box, two boxes, three boxes, four boxes, five boxes …
The middle-grade Immortal Artifacts in these copper boxes were all burned up by the black fire! In just a few hours, Luo Zheng had absorbed more than sixty to seventy thousand drops of Heaven's Divination Essence.
Qinglong's dragon scales were lit up one by one. Looking at the large green dragon scales shining with a green light, Luo Zheng smiled again. Qinglong was still in a deep sleep. After helping him block the little monster's attack, it and the red dragon seemed to be too tired and hadn't woken up yet. Luo Zheng wondered if it would be shocked when it woke up.
"I've lit up a total of fourteen thousand dragon scales …"
The power of a thousand dragon scales was almost equivalent to the full force of a Divine Sea Realm cultivator's physical body.
What if it was the power of these fourteen thousand dragon scales? The power would be unimaginable. But even with Luo Zheng's current Saint Artifact body, it would be difficult for him to withstand it.
＝＝＝＝＝