Even if a Divine Sea Realm expert used all of his strength and activated his Protective Zhen Yuan, he still wouldn't be able to withstand one punch from Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng still couldn't fight against a Divine Sea Realm expert. After all, a Divine Sea Realm expert was not only powerful in terms of strength, but also in terms of speed, martial arts, cultivation methods, and comprehension of laws. All of these were better than Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng's target was the Golden Leaf. He wanted to use his own strength to smash open the Black Star Pickaxe inside the Golden Leaf!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng wanted to test the limits of his body.
Therefore, he tried to borrow the power of the dragon scale. However, just as he was about to pour the power of the dragon scale into his body, Huo Yuner's voice came from not far away.
"Luo Tianxing? Where are you? "
Huo Yuner entered the warehouse with Luo Zheng. She was also looking around at these weapons. Looking at the power of curses on them, Huo Yuner was thinking if there was any way to purify the power of curses on these weapons.
Among these Origin Source Laws, some Origin Source Laws would have the effect of returning to the same destination when cultivated to a high level.
For example, the Law of Space, the Law of Thunder, and the Law of Fire all had a similar effect, which was the purification effect.
It was just that the principle behind each purification was slightly different. The Law of Lightning could produce countless tiny bolts of lightning to purify a target, but the Law of Fire was different. The Law of Fire's' purification 'was not so much' purification 'as' incinerating '.
Huo Yuner controlled a special kind of flame, the "Cleansing Flame."
The temperature of this "Cleansing Flame" was not high. In fact, it was very low. Even if this "Cleansing Flame" was placed on dry wood, it couldn't ignite the wood. However, the Cleansing Flame was very effective against negative forces such as the power of curses. Of course, it was also very effective against those evil beings.
However, Huo Yuner wasn't sure if her "Cleansing Flame" would be effective against the power of curses.
Thinking of this, Huo Yuner began to experiment on her own. A milky white flame appeared in her hand and began to burn the curse power on the spear!
Huo Yuner's Cleansing Fire and the black fire in Luo Zheng's mind could be said to be two extremes. The black fire in Luo Zheng's mind could burn almost everything, but Huo Yuner's Cleansing Fire would not cause any damage to weapons.
When the milky white flames appeared, the black smoke on the long spear began to disappear!
"Effective!" Huo Yuner also revealed a pleasantly surprised expression. However, she was only happy. For other God-ranked geniuses, if they could obtain a few saint tools from these cursed weapons, it would be very profitable. However, for Huo Yuner, the value of saint tools in her eyes wasn't much higher than trash.
Even if her Cleansing Fire had such an effect, she was too lazy to "purify" all these weapons.
At this time, Huo Yuner suddenly realized that Luo Zheng seemed to have gone inside the warehouse. She threw away the purified spear and went to look for Luo Zheng.
"Luo Tianxing …"
She softly called out a few times and saw Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flash out. Huo Yuner glanced at him and reached out to cover her small mouth. "Luo Tianxing, you, what happened to you?"
Luo Zheng saw Huo Yuner looking at him in surprise and was extremely puzzled. What happened to him? He had just swallowed a lot of Heaven's Evolution Essence. However, other people should not be able to tell that he had swallowed the Heaven's Evolution Essence, right?
However, Huo Yuner's next words gave Luo Zheng a fright. "Did you eat those weapons …"
These words made Luo Zheng's heart beat wildly. He did not want anyone to know that he had swallowed the Heaven's Evolution Essence. After all, it involved the black fire and the mysterious furnace. Up until now, the only person who knew about this was probably Xun, and Xun was still in the form of a soul attached to his body.
"What do you mean?" No matter how Huo Yuner saw through it, Luo Zheng would not admit it.
Huo Yuner pointed at Luo Zheng's face and said, "If you hadn't swallowed those weapons, how could the power of the curse be in your body? Your body has been smoking all this time … "
Luo Zheng did not know that after he had absorbed the Heaven's Evolution Essence, the power of the curse had not disappeared. Instead, it had gathered in his body.
And this was where the problem came from.
What Luo Zheng did not know was that the power of the curse had a lot of damage to living beings, and this damage came from two aspects.
The power of the curse would constantly seep into the physical body and then slowly erode the person's mind, causing the person's mind to constantly distort and even become abnormal, turning the person into a madman …
However, this was for warriors who often carried cursed weapons, so no one was willing to carry these weapons.
Judging from the characteristics of the power of the curse, it had the same effect as poison, but Luo Zheng's sacred tool body was completely immune to this effect.
However, the power of the curse had another effect, which was to make these weapons easier to break. The strength of these weapons was about half of what it was before the curse. Luo Zheng was afraid that he would have to pay attention to this negative effect, because his body was a sacred tool body. After being contaminated by the power of the curse, the strength of his physical body would be greatly reduced!
Luo Zheng did not know the effects of the power of the curse, but he would definitely not let the black smoke continue to come out of his body …
Therefore, when he heard Huo Yuner's words, Luo Zheng was shocked. He directly picked up a large saber from another copper box. The shiny blade was like a mirror. Looking at himself through the mirror of the blade, he saw that there was indeed black smoke lingering in his body.
This was a bit troublesome. Luo Zheng's heart suddenly sank. He immediately asked, "Does the power of the curse have any effect?"
"I don't know …" Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and stared at Luo Zheng with a face full of curiosity. She just couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng got the power of the curse into his body. Ordinary people couldn't do it even if they wanted to, right? Unless they wore these cursed weapons for a long time.
Could it be that he had really swallowed the weapons into his stomach? This was an immortal tool. No matter how strong his physical body was, it was impossible for him to digest an immortal tool.
Seeing Huo Yuner staring at him so curiously, Luo Zheng's face revealed a helpless expression. Huo Yuner might be easy to fool. If he didn't say anything, she wouldn't ask. However, the others were not so easy to fool. If those almighty Divine Sea Realm experts saw him and interrogated him, he would be in a lot of trouble.
However, Luo Zheng really didn't have a solution now.
Seeing Luo Zheng's tangled expression, Huo Yuner smiled slightly. Her beautiful eyes revealed a calm expression. She said, "I don't know what the consequences of the power of the curse are, but it's definitely not good. However, I can purify it!"
"You can purify it?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
"Yes," Huo Yuner said seriously. She was the kind of woman who didn't know how to joke.
"Since you can purify it, then you …" Luo Zheng's face revealed a dumbfounded smile.
According to Luo Zheng's logic, with this kind of ability, he would naturally purify all these weapons one by one and then sell them … However, Huo Yuner was a dignified princess of the Divine Kingdom. How could she be interested in these immortal tools and sacred tools?
Huo Yuner probably guessed what Luo Zheng wanted to say. She smiled knowingly and said to Luo Zheng, "Don't move!"
After saying that, a milky white flame rose from Huo Yuner's hand. Luo Zheng didn't feel any heat from this flame.
"What kind of flame is this?" Looking at this milky white flame, Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression.
"This is the Purifying Flame, a flame that can purify everything," Huo Yuner said as she slowly pushed the flame towards Luo Zheng.
Under the burning of this flame, Luo Zheng didn't feel any heat. Instead, he felt a trace of coldness from it.
Luo Zheng also felt that there was such a flame in the world. However, under the invasion of this coldness, Luo Zheng's mind became abnormally pure!