At this moment, Huo Yuner was very close to Luo Zheng. She was constantly releasing the Cleansing Fire, slowly pushing it into Luo Zheng's body.
From Luo Zheng's angle, he could see the serious expression on her face.
Because his thoughts were constantly being cleansed by the Cleansing Fire, Luo Zheng didn't have any desires. Therefore, Luo Zheng's state of mind fell into a very strange state. Even in this state of no distracting thoughts, Luo Zheng was still able to admire the Divine Kingdom Princess in front of him with an extremely pure state of mind.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, Huo Yuner's porcelain white skin, pitch-black deep eyes, dense eyelashes that were constantly trembling, and long hair that was appropriately draped over her shoulders were like exquisite works of art ….
However, when Huo Yuner was stared at by Luo Congheng's "pure" gaze, two red clouds immediately appeared on her fair cheeks. Her fingers trembled slightly, and the Cleansing Fire kept jumping in her hand, as if it was beating at the same frequency as her heart.
Fortunately, her Cleansing Fire wasn't harmful. Even if it pulsed randomly, it wouldn't burn Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had absorbed so much Heaven's Evolution Essence, and the curse power within the weapons had also been completely absorbed by Luo Zheng. The amount of curse power gathered together was quite large.
Even though Huo Yuner's Cleansing Fire had extraordinary purifying abilities, this martial skill, although not very powerful, required one to have perfect control over the Law of Fire. Therefore, even though she had comprehended the third level of the Law of Fire, she could only transform her True Essence into a Cleansing Fire as thick as a thumb. It would still take a lot of time to purify all the curse power.
Even under the Cleansing Fire's Cleansing Fire, the curse power that Luo Zheng had absorbed was constantly dissipating. After a full hour, Huo Yuner's forehead was already covered in fine beads of sweat, and the curse power that was escaping from Luo Zheng's body was gradually decreasing.
"Phew … Done!" Huo Yuner let out a long sigh, and a comfortable smile appeared on her face.
However, even after Huo Yuner extinguished the Pure Flame, Luo Zheng still stared at Huo Yuner in a daze. During this hour, his state of mind had really entered a wonderful state.
In Luo Zheng's opinion, Huo Yuner's' Cleansing Flame 'had many other uses besides expelling the power of curses. For example, if a cultivator was cultivating and was unable to calm down, they would often have many distracting thoughts. If one had this' Cleansing Flame ', they would be able to instantly eliminate these distracting thoughts.
Just now, without any distracting thoughts, Luo Zheng stared at Huo Yuner for half an hour. In this state, Huo Yuner's face was imprinted in Luo Zheng's mind like a blank piece of paper.
Therefore, in Luo Zheng's mind, he had a very strange feeling about Huo Yuner. This feeling was not love, but rather a feeling similar to the feeling of intimacy a chick would feel when it saw a hen for the first time after it hatched from its shell.
Huo Yuner found that Luo Zheng was still staring at her. How could she know what Luo Zheng was thinking? She said with an unnatural expression, "You still haven't told me how you got the power of curses into your body!"
"This …" Luo Zheng didn't know how to answer directly. After thinking for a while, he said with a smile, "Just think of it as me eating these weapons!"
Huo Yuner's face was full of disbelief. However, with her temperament, she didn't continue to ask. She had never been aggressive. If Luo Zheng didn't want to say something, she naturally wouldn't force him to say it.
However, even if a cultivator wore these cursed weapons, they wouldn't be affected by the power of curses in a short period of time. It would take some time for the power of curses to take effect and erode the body.
Even if Luo Zheng really swallowed the weapons, it was impossible to absorb the power of curses into his body in a short period of time. Moreover … Huo Yuner's eyes swept over the copper boxes in front of her. They were empty. There wasn't even a single weapon. What was going on?
This Luo Tianxing …
She had originally been quietly observing Luo Zheng. However, after entering the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, she realized that not only did her observation learn more about Luo Zheng, this fellow became more and more mysterious. It was as if he had countless secrets on him.
However, unearthing a person's secrets was indeed very interesting. To Huo Yuner, exploring the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was like a vacation. Unearthing Luo Zheng's secrets was also like a small game!
Since Luo Zheng had already swallowed so much Sky Spill Essence, he couldn't wait to pour out the power in his body. Thus, he left the armory with Huo Yuner and returned to the pyramid.
At this time, most of the cultivators who were "picking up trash" had returned from the armory. Because the danger of the Ore Devouring Bugs had been eliminated, many god-level geniuses had returned to the mining trees to mine.
Thus, the cultivators trading in front of the pyramid became active again!
Seeing Luo Tianxing return, Yue Ying hurriedly waved her hand and said with a face full of joy, "Brother Tianxing, Brother Tianxing! I received another thirty-six Life Origin Stones! "
Those god-level geniuses had already grasped Yue Ying's mentality. This year, all the Life Origin Stones had been bought by Yue Ying and Luo Zheng. Now, the Life Origin Stone had become a rare item. It was even rarer than other rare ores …
The reason was very simple. Other rare ores that were dug up might not be suitable for use, or they might not need them at all and could only be exchanged. However, the Life Origin Stones that were dug up could be exchanged directly with Yue Ying for the ores that they needed.
Moreover, the Life Origin Stones were getting fewer and fewer. The price that Yue Ying offered was also getting higher and higher. The value that she offered had already far exceeded the value of the Life Origin Stone itself!
Yue Ying obviously knew Luo Zheng's goal. Now, it was a big sale at a loss. No matter what, as long as she used the Life Origin Stone to exchange, she would try her best to satisfy the other party's request.
Although Yue Ying was very unwilling, in order to help Luo Zheng exchange for the Life Origin Stone, she could only use this method.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. Although Luo Zheng's goal had changed, he could still use the Life Origin Stone.
Even if he used those cursed weapons to refine the Heaven's Divination Essence and lit up tens of thousands of dragon scales, Luo Zheng still did not have the confidence to smash the Golden Leaf and take out the Black Star Pickaxe!
Therefore, the Life Origin Stone was still Luo Zheng's choice. At most, he would take a portion of the Life Origin Stone this year and make a comeback next year!
At this time, Huo Chen also appeared in the circle of light. His face was full of excitement as he ran towards Huo Yuner and shouted, "Sister, sister! Look at this ore of mine! "
In Huo Chen's hand was a bright red stone. The surface of the stone looked rugged and sharp, forming a curling fire cloud. It looked very beautiful.
"What kind of stone is this?" Huo Yuner blinked her eyes and curiously stared at the ore.
The siblings of the Huo Family did not know much about ores. Seeing Huo Chen's excited appearance, Huo Yuner also curiously stared at the ore.
Luo Zheng also stared at the ore with a puzzled expression. Aside from the ore's unique shape, he could not see anything special about it. The fire clouds were distributed in such a regular pattern that it was most likely carved by hand.
Although Luo Zheng himself lacked the ability to identify ores, with his instincts and perception, he could roughly distinguish between good and bad ores. Although there were quite a few trash ores among the ores he threw to Yue Ying, more than 70% of them were still very rare.
"This is the Black Heart Fire Ore! It is very useful for martial artists who cultivate the Law of Fire! Sister, I'll give it to you! "Huo Chen said with a face full of smiles.
Hearing Huo Chen say this, Luo Zheng's expression became even more strange. Yue Ying blinked her eyes and curiously asked, "Black Heart Fire Ore? How come I've never heard of this ore? "
There were thousands of types of ores in the Ore Tree, but Yue Ying recognized almost all of them. The only thing she had never heard of was the Black Heart Fire Ore.
She blinked her eyes and looked at the stone in Huo Chen's hand. In her heart, she thought that Huo Chen was a simple and honest person. Could he have been deceived by someone? If this stone was dug out by himself, then it would be fine. But if it was traded from someone else, then it would be a great loss.
Thinking of this, Yue Ying used a true essence sound transmission to tell Luo Zheng her thoughts.