Huo Chen didn't know why Luo Zheng asked such a question. Instead, he said in a dull voice, "I didn't dig it out. Liu Xiu sold it to me. What about it?"
Hearing Liu Xiu's name, Huo Yuner frowned slightly. Among the four princes of the four Divine Kingdoms, other than her younger brother who was simple and honest, she didn't like the other three. Especially the Great Yu Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince Liu Xiu, who was extremely sinister and cunning. Although Huo Yuner didn't have much contact with him, he definitely didn't leave a good impression on her.
Therefore, Huo Yuner immediately asked, "How many True Origin Stones did you spend to buy it?"
Huo Chen replied, "Nine thousand …"
The True Origin Stones mentioned here were naturally top-grade True Origin Stones.
Nine thousand top-grade True Origin Stones was definitely not a small number for a Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince. It was equivalent to more than half of Huo Chen's net worth.
Huo Yuner took the Fire Core Ore from Huo Chen's hand and frowned even more.
Seeing his sister's expression, Huo Chen said, "Sister, they demonstrated that this ore can withstand the burning of True Origin Fire. They said that after refining it, it can greatly stabilize the purity of the flame!"
Just as Huo Chen's voice fell, a wisp of flame rose from Huo Yuner's hand. Although the flame in her hand wasn't big, its temperature was extremely intense. The power of the third level of the Law of Fire was no joke!
Under the burning of this pure flame, a crackling sound was emitted from the Crow Heart Fire Ore. Cracks began to appear on the exquisite fire clouds above the Crow Heart Fire Ore.
In the blink of an eye, the entire Fire Core Ore was burned to pieces …
Huo Chen's eyes widened as he stared blankly at the fragments. His face was filled with disbelief. Huo Chen's strength might not be as strong as Huo Yuner's, but he also cultivated the third level of the Law of Fire. Previously, he used his True Origin Fire to refine the Fire Core Ore. After burning for half an incense stick's worth of time, he still couldn't burn the Fire Core Ore. Why did his sister make a move …
At this time, Huo Chen also understood that he was probably deceived.
In the hearts of Luo Zheng and Yue Ying, it was most likely that Liu Xiu had used some kind of method to deceive Huo Chen. This Huo Chen was not scheming at all, and was a dull and honest person. It was not difficult to deceive him.
Huo Yuner's gaze was indifferent, but her face was already cold. She had an easy-going temperament and never liked to argue with others, but she would never allow others to deceive her little brother!
At this moment, the ring of light on the side of the pyramid flickered slightly. Liu Xiu was carrying a pickaxe and coming out of the mining tree. After Liu Xiu came out, the ring of light also flickered continuously. Some of the warriors following Liu Xiu also left the ring of light.
Although each leaf could only accommodate a single cultivator, Liu Xiu's group could choose to enter through a narrow door. This way, after they entered the ore tree, they would land on several adjacent leaves. Now that Liu Xiu had come out from mining, the Divine Step geniuses that followed him naturally followed.
Huo Yuner held the fragments of the Blackheart Fire Ore and looked at Liu Xiu. Although she was angry in her heart, her voice was still elegant and indifferent. However, her words revealed a majesty that could not be refused.
"Liu Xiu, return the nine thousand True Origin Stones to me. Take these things back and let bygones be bygones."
This time, after entering the Feather Emperor's Mystic Realm to mine, Liu Xiu's harvest was quite bountiful. He was also in a good mood. After calculating, other than that abnormal Luo Zheng, the other Crown Princes and Divine Step geniuses' harvest should not be able to compare to his.
As for Luo Zheng, although he was envious, the income from Yue Ying alone was probably more than a hundred thousand top grade True Origin Stones. He simply could not compare. However, this did not matter. In Liu Xiu's eyes, Luo Zheng was no different from a dead man. That brat was too sharp, and his Imperial Father would not let him go.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Liu Xiu's eyes flashed. He looked at the pile of fragments in Huo Yuner's hands and knew that his trick had been exposed. However, he did not show the slightest bit of nervousness. Instead, he replied seriously, "Oh? What is this? "
"The stone you sold to Huo Chen is fake. Please return the True Origin Stones to Huo Chen." Seeing that Liu Xiu was playing dumb, Huo Yuner's brows furrowed even more. She was kind-hearted and pure, and did not guard against strangers. However, she was unable to accept others lying to her younger brother.
Hearing Huo Yuner's words, Liu Xiu chuckled. "Princess Yuner, that's not right. When did I say that this stone is real?"
"You, you clearly …" Huo Chen was also anxious. Just as he was about to speak, Liu Xiu interrupted him. "What about me? Huo Chen, did I tell you that this stone is real? "
"Did I also remind you that I can't grasp the value of this stone?"
"Also, didn't I say that I don't want to sell it to you?"
"You were the one who insisted on buying it. Moreover, you swore that regardless of whether it was real or fake, you wouldn't pursue the matter, right?"
Liu Xiu was very eloquent. Even Huo Chen was unable to say a single word. In the end, he could only hold it in until his face turned red and he nodded.
Liu Xiu's words were indeed true. In reality, he had only played a small game with a few god-tier geniuses and easily lured Huo Chen.
"Princess Yuner, your younger brother has already admitted it. Isn't this matter very clear? I already said that I won't sell it to him. This Huo Chen should have bought it. Now that you're looking for trouble with me, isn't that inappropriate? "Liu Xiu questioned.
Facing Liu Xiu's questioning, Huo Yuner did not know how to answer. She was not someone who was particularly good at refuting. When Liu Xiu opened his mouth, all the logic was on his side. It seemed that her younger brother was in the wrong.
Seeing Huo Yuner's expression, Liu Xiu revealed a pleased smile. However, he chuckled. "Actually, although Huo Chen forced me to sell this stone to him and it was even burned by you, Princess Yuner, it's not that I can't return it!"
Huo Yuner's expression slightly changed. "What do you mean?"
Liu Xiu smiled and said, "If Princess Yuner were to lend me the jade bracelet you're wearing for a year or so, I would admit that I was unlucky and return these True Origin Stones! What do you think, Princess Yuner? "
The value of the semi-divine tool on Huo Yuner's arm was immeasurable! Ordinary Crown Princes did not have this kind of treatment! Even Liu Xiu, as the richest Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, only had two "Heavenly Thunder Halberds" that could be ranked as semi-divine tools.
However, the Heavenly Thunder Halberd was a one-time use magic weapon. Previously, in the spirit beast area, Liu Xiu had used one of the Heavenly Thunder Halberds in order to escape. He only had the other Heavenly Thunder Halberd in his hand.
"Hahahaha …" Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally could not help but laugh.
Seeing Luo Zheng laughing so unscrupulously in front of him, Liu Xiu's face sank. "What are you laughing at?"
"I'm laughing at some people who can boast shamelessly. To be able to be shameless to this extent, I really admire, admire!" Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Presumptuous, Luo Zheng, who are you calling shameless?!"
"His Highness is the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. How can you insult him?"
"Luo Zheng, it seems that you still don't know your identity. You are just a commoner. In front of the Imperial Family, you are not even a fart!"
Before Liu Xiu could say anything, the God-tier geniuses who followed Liu Xiu began to clamor.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, there was an insurmountable gap between martial artists and mortals, and the Imperial Family also had an insurmountable gap between martial artists and martial artists. This was the power of the Divine Kingdom's Imperial Family.
This kind of narrow-minded thinking was established by the four Divine Kingdoms after thousands of years, but to Luo Zheng, it was not the slightest bit of deterrence!
To put it bluntly, the establishment of a Divine Kingdom was based on one's own strength. If the Imperial Family of a Divine Kingdom lost their strength, then the Divine Kingdom would be in imminent danger. There was no Divine Sea Realm expert here. Luo Zheng's strength could almost sweep away these God-tier geniuses, so why would he put Liu Xiu in his eyes?
Even if Liu Xiu was the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom, so what? Luo Zheng had the Black Iron Divine Kingdom behind him. Not to mention, Luo Zheng was standing up for Huo Yuner and Huo Chen. Behind them stood the Heavenly Wind Divine Kingdom!
"You guys talk too much nonsense!" Luo Zheng coldly smiled, and his eyes fell on Liu Xiu. "I will only say this once. Return the True Meta Stone to Huo Chen, and this matter will be over. Don't embarrass yourself!"
As soon as these words came out, Liu Xiu's face suddenly became very ugly.
Huo Yuner's strength might be very strong, but Liu Xiu didn't have much of a fear. This Huo Family brother and sister was too naive.
But Luo Zheng had to stand up for them!
If Luo Zheng had been a bit more polite, Liu Xiu might have given in. But his words were too harsh. If he gave in, where would he put his face in the future?
＝＝＝＝＝