Since the incident at the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, Liu Xiu had several conflicts with Luo Zheng.
Yu the Great's Kingdom and Luo Zheng had irreconcilable conflicts. Both Bai Yuerong and Battle Emperor Yu the Great wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng.
However, Liu Xiu knew that there was a huge gap between his strength and Luo Zheng's. Therefore, he tried his best to endure these small conflicts. In Liu Xiu's mind, Luo Zheng was like a grasshopper after autumn. He would not be able to survive for more than a few days.
However, Liu Xiu was the Crown Prince of the Kingdom. He was also the most outstanding one among the four Crown Princes of the Kingdom!
There was a limit to his tolerance. It was already very rare for him, the first Crown Prince, to tolerate an insignificant commoner. However, this person was so arrogant. How could Liu Xiu endure it?
An indescribable anger rushed straight to his head!
If it were anyone else, even if it was a guy like the little monster, Liu Xiu would have already attacked. However, thinking of Luo Zheng's abnormal strength, Liu Xiu gritted his teeth and said, "What if I don't return it? What do you want? Do you dare to attack me? "
"Yes, I don't dare to attack you. However, there is no need to!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. A touch of indifference appeared in his eyes. At the same time, an invisible Soul Coercion slowly spread out!
With Luo Zheng's Soul Coercion that was infinitely close to the Blue Soul Realm, the Soul Coercion released was enough to crush these Immortal Level geniuses, including Liu Xiu! What's more, Luo Zheng's Soul Coercion had merged with the will of the Boundless World!
Because of the conflict here, many warriors who had left the mining tree did not enter the pyramid again. Instead, they watched the conflict here.
In fact, most of the warriors knew that even if there was a conflict between Liu Xiu and Luo Zheng, it would be difficult for them to fight.
The reason was simple. At the West Dragon River, Luo Zheng suffered a blow from Battle Emperor Yu the Great. However, he was still safe and sound. In other words, the Divine Sea Realm warriors could not do anything to Luo Zheng without activating their Realm.
In this way, warriors below the Divine Sea Realm could not do anything to him!
On the other hand, Luo Zheng wouldn't dare to touch Liu Xiu. Previously, he had already offended the Great Yu Divine Country.
If Luo Zheng fought with Liu Xiu here and injured or even killed him, Battle Emperor Da Yu would definitely not let Luo Zheng go when the Divine Sea Realm came to the Emperor of Feathers Mystic Realm to retrieve the Soul Core.
Therefore, everyone was just here to watch the show.
But as soon as Luo Zheng released his soul pressure, all the god-rank geniuses' faces changed dramatically!
The aura released by Luo Zheng's soul was no less than that of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. It was even stronger than that of an average Spirit Sea Realm warrior. Plus, there was the will of the universe. How could they resist?
At this moment, everyone felt like they weren't facing a person, but the heavens, the earth, the sea, the mountains …
This aura was so majestic and so difficult to resist. At this moment, even the Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors would have to bow their heads!
At first, the god-rank geniuses behind Liu Xiu were still trying to resist Luo Zheng's soul pressure. How could they be willing to be forced back by a kid in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm?
However, as Luo Zheng's soul pressure kept increasing, those god-rank geniuses finally couldn't stand it anymore. One, two, three … Their legs were trembling. At the same time, they almost couldn't help but retreat!
Liu Xiu was the only one left. He stood firmly on the spot and stared at Luo Zheng. He gritted his teeth and said, "Luo Zheng! Don't go too far! "
Luo Zheng didn't attack. He only used his soul pressure to suppress Liu Xiu. The problem was, what was the difference between using such a powerful soul pressure and attacking?
Liu Xiu was wearing an upper-grade Holy Grade necklace called the "Heart Concentrating Necklace". This necklace could eliminate 60% of the opponent's soul attack! In other words, when Luo Zheng released his soul pressure, his necklace could eliminate 60% of the soul pressure!
Holy Grade defensive equipment was very rare. Its value far exceeded that of an ordinary upper-grade Holy Grade defensive equipment. Treasures that could resist soul attacks were even rarer. Therefore, the value of this Heart Concentrating Necklace was comparable to a Demigod Grade defensive equipment.
However, this necklace's style was more feminine. A purple Heart Concentrating Gem was embedded in the center of the necklace. It was this Heart Concentrating Gem that played a crucial role! Because this necklace was made for female warriors, Liu Xiu always wore it inside and didn't let outsiders see it!
Relying on this Heart Concentrating Necklace, Liu Xiu was bitterly holding on in front of Luo Zheng.
"Huh?" Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of surprise. However, immediately after, an even more intense smile appeared on his face. "Your soul is far from the Battle Soul Realm, but you can withstand my soul pressure! Interesting. Let's see how far you can go! "
After saying that, Luo Zheng lifted his foot and took a step towards Liu Xiu.
With this step, Liu Xiu's face flushed with an unhealthy redness. However, in the blink of an eye, the redness disappeared and was replaced by a deathly pale complexion. However, Liu Xiu continued to grit her teeth and endure.
In fact, Luo Zheng's strength was already at the level of the Divine Sea Realm! However, he hadn't experienced the Life and Death Calamity. He hadn't opened the Divine Sea, and he didn't have his own domain!
However, Liu Xiu didn't want to admit this fact. He still regarded Luo Zheng as someone of the same generation. It was just that Luo Zheng was more outstanding among the younger generation!
It was also because of this that Liu Xiu refused to lower his head! If Luo Zheng was replaced by any other almighty Divine Sea Realm warrior, Liu Xiu would probably concede and lower his head.
One step …
Two steps …
Three steps …
With every step Luo Zheng took, the pressure on Liu Xiu increased. Liu Xiu's face became paler!
After six or seven steps, Liu Xiu's face was as white as a sheet of paper …
"I, I will fight you to the death!"
Liu Xiu couldn't stand it anymore. At this moment, a small halberd appeared in his hand!
Looking at the halberd in Liu Xiu's hand, Luo Zheng's lips curled up. "I heard that although this Heavenly Thunder Halberd is a consumable item, it is still a Semi-Divine Artifact. Its value is immeasurable. Your father must have given it to you to save your life, right?"
"This short halberd can't be bought without three to four hundred thousand top grade True Origin Stones. I just want you to return a mere nine thousand top grade True Origin Stones to Huo Chen. As a dignified Crown Prince, you don't know how to settle this debt? You haven't learned arithmetic yet, right? "
"I know that you have a lot of face. However, even if you are the Crown Prince of the Divine Kingdom, you must learn how to judge the situation. In other words, the Divine Kingdom is just a 'Divine Kingdom'. Even in the Great Thousand World, it is nothing. In the Upper Realm, it is as insignificant as a speck of dust. If you can understand this point, you will know what to do."
Luo Zheng's eyes were cold, and his words were mixed with an irresistible majesty!
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Huo Yuner's eyes flickered slightly. On one hand, she was grateful to Luo Zheng for helping her and her brother, but on the other hand, Luo Zheng's words enlightened her on another aspect!
She had always been in her father's swaddling clothes, which was why she could be so serene and elegant, and even very willful! However, although her father was the Monarch of the Divine Kingdom, he was destined to be unable to protect her for a lifetime. Not to mention, her future could be even broader. Perhaps she had thought too simply of her life's goal …
Luo Zheng didn't care about 9,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. Yue Ying had already accumulated a huge amount of True Origin Stones by selling ores.
At that time, Liu Xiu also didn't care about these 9,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. If he really returned these True Origin Stones, then he would truly be bowing his head to Luo Zheng. This was something he was unwilling to do no matter what!
Therefore, even if Luo Zheng's words were reasonable, Liu Xiu still refused his proposal. The True Origin Stones in his hands suddenly flashed, and a purple thunder wrapped around the two feet long Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd!
The runes on the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd began to flicker constantly! Obviously, it had been activated by Liu Xiu!
Seeing this scene, all the martial artists' faces changed. Many of them had seen the power of this Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd. In almost an instant, it had obliterated so many resentful spirits. This Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd was comparable to a Divine Sea Realm expert!
Many martial artists retreated. Even Yue Ying, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the others distanced themselves from Luo Zheng. If they were affected by the power of this Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, even if they didn't die, they would be severely injured!