Liu Xiu's nerves were stretched taut at this moment! How could he not understand Luo Zheng's math?
The value of this Heavenly Thunder Halberd was simply immeasurable in the four Divine Kingdoms!
In the Upper Realm, the Heavenly Thunder Halberd might only be equivalent to a few hundred thousand top-grade true yuan stones, but in the Lower Realm, even if you had the money, you couldn't buy it. Treasures at the level of semi-divine tools could be regarded as priceless treasures.
Last time, in order to save his life, he had to use the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, which made him extremely distressed. Now, he had to use the last Heavenly Thunder Halberd against Luo Zheng?
"Crackle … …"
The surface of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd was constantly emitting tiny lightning bolts. On the surface of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, there was a circular red rune. As long as he gently pressed his finger on the red rune, the Heavenly Thunder Halberd would be activated and shoot out in an instant!
His finger was slightly trembling. Luo Zheng in front of him was giving him too much pressure. Even his consciousness was beginning to blur!
At this moment, Liu Xiu also wanted to give up. His instinct was to fear Luo Zheng. That instinct kept reminding him not to oppose this person. This person was absolutely not someone he could provoke.
But at this moment, another voice sounded, "Kill him, as long as you kill Luo Zheng! Even if you have to pay the price of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, it's still worth it. Father Emperor will definitely reward you greatly! "
A stream of blood pumped out from his madly beating heart. It flowed along his aorta and rushed into his eyes. His eyes were suddenly blood-red. At the same time, his finger pressed down on the rune on the Heavenly Thunder Halberd!
"Buzz ~"
A sharp and ear-piercing sound came from the short Heavenly Thunder Halberd, which made people's ears very uncomfortable.
That was the sound of the lightning force rushing out. Then, from the front part of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, a huge lightning bolt suddenly burst out.
"Go to hell! This commoner! " Liu Xiu shouted. From the beginning to the end, he didn't put down his dignity. Because of this, he refused to bow down to Luo Zheng.
Although Liu Xiu's voice was covered by the loud sound of thunder, Luo Zheng still clearly heard Liu Xiu's words.
"Hehe …"
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. In the blink of an eye, his entire body was covered by an incomparably thick lightning bolt!
This enormous power of thunder and lightning was like a river, rushing towards Luo Zheng, extending all the way to an extremely far distance …
"Pa —"
Every single Deity genius was blinded by this dazzling light!
This thick bolt of lightning destroyed everything in its path before finally charging towards the vast Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea! The surface of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean still glowed with a faint golden light. Under the influence of the violent lightning energy, much of the golden light was dispelled …
The dazzling lightning lasted for a long time before it gradually dissipated. Everyone slowly opened their eyes and looked at Luo Zheng with their eyes wide open.
Luo Zheng was still standing in the same place, completely unharmed!
Even a mighty warrior of the Divine Sea Realm would be in a difficult situation when struck by lightning …
However, Luo Zheng still maintained a faint smile. Whether it was his expression or his actions, they didn't change in the slightest!
Seeing this scene, a Deity genius secretly sighed. "This Luo Zheng, is he the incarnation of God …"
"Don't expect to fight against him. If a False Tribulation Realm can do this, he will probably be able to do whatever he wants in the entire Great Thousand World in the future …"
"It's power transfer, the ability of a little monster. However, a little monster can't use it to this extent."
After all, the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd was a Quasi Divine Tool. If Luo Zheng only used his physical body to resist the lightning energy, he wouldn't be able to completely resist it. Even with his Saint Tool body, he would probably be seriously injured.
However, Luo Zheng didn't plan to use his physical body to resist from the beginning. The moment Liu Xiu activated the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, he transferred the damage he suffered to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean!
Although the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was only an inland sea, the area of the entire sea was still quite large. No matter how thick the lightning energy was, it could be dissolved by such a large sea. The lightning that attacked Luo Zheng couldn't cause any waves in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean at all!
Luo Zheng released his soul pressure and took another step forward. At the same time, he shook his head and said, "This business of yours is a big loss!"
Liu Xiu clenched his teeth tightly. Looking at the unharmed Luo Zheng, his eyes were filled with disbelief. He suddenly roared, "So what! My father will definitely kill you! You're no match for my father! "
"I don't deny it." Luo Zheng nodded and took another step forward.
"Then why don't you quickly kneel down? I can beg my father to spare your worthless life. Wahahaha!" Liu Xiu had already sunk into madness. His eyes were filled with bigotry.
"You're not qualified." Facing the crazy Liu Xiu, Luo Zheng's eyes were clear and calm. At the same time, he took another step forward!
"Pa!"
At this moment, a soft cracking sound suddenly came from Liu Xiu's body!
Countless fragments suddenly appeared from the Heart Solidifying Gem in the Heart Solidifying Necklace on Liu Xiu's chest. This gem released an invisible protective barrier that blocked Luo Zheng's soul pressure. However, as Luo Zheng pressed closer, the Heart Solidifying Gem could no longer bear the violent pressure and finally cracked!
Liu Xiu's soul was not much stronger than other warriors. Without the protection of the Heart Solidifying Gem, it was equivalent to using his fragile soul to directly face Luo Zheng's pressure!
In just a breath's time, Liu Xiu felt the world spinning. Then, his eyes rolled back, his body stiffened, and he directly fainted.
Looking at Liu Xiu on the ground, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. However, he didn't plan to kill Liu Xiu.
After merging with the will of the world, Luo Zheng could indeed resist the attack of a Divine Sea Realm warrior. However, Luo Zheng was no match for those who had comprehended the realm. Once he was enveloped by the realm and cut off from the will of the world, he was no match for the Divine Sea Realm warrior. Therefore, he didn't want to provoke Liu Zan, the Battle Emperor of Yu the Great.
All the Immortal Tier geniuses stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. Their eyes were filled with fear.
They all knew that Luo Zheng was very powerful. Previously, Luo Zheng had only fought with top Immortal Tier geniuses like Yun Longtao, Huo Yuner, and the little monster in the arena. Therefore, everyone acknowledged that Luo Zheng was powerful, but they couldn't tell how powerful he was!
Now, these people deeply understood how terrifying Luo Zheng's strength was!
With Luo Zheng's strength, as long as he had enough time and space, he could kill all the Immortal Tier geniuses here! The gap between them wasn't just the gap of one realm, but the gap of two realms. Although Luo Zheng was only at the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm …
"He fainted." Luo Zheng smiled. "Let's talk about it when he wakes up!"
Huo Yuner exhaled softly and said, "No need. It's just 9,000 True Meta Stones."
Although it was a huge sum of money for Huo Chen, Huo Yuner was just angry that her brother was deceived by Liu Xiu. She couldn't bear it. However, in terms of real value, 9,000 top-grade True Meta Stones were nothing.
Moreover, Liu Xiu had paid a heavy price for these True Meta Stones. The value of the Heavenly Thunder Halberd he used was immeasurable.
At this moment, Huo Yuner was worried about Luo Zheng. He had already angered Battle Emperor of Yu the Great. If Battle Emperor of Yu the Great came to the Secret Realm of the Feather Emperor, would he directly attack Luo Zheng? If it really came to that, she would definitely intervene!
As long as she stood up, her father would definitely stand up as well … Huo Yuner had already made up her mind.
"Mine!"
Soon, Luo Zheng threw this matter to the back of his mind. He had important matters to attend to! After absorbing so much Heaven Amplification Essence and igniting more than 10,000 dragon scales, his current goal was to smash the Golden Leaf and take out the Black Star Pickaxe. Then, he would head to the top of this mining tree.