Under the fearful gazes of the Immortal Realm geniuses, Luo Zheng started to climb up the pyramid! In the end, he climbed to the thirty-fifth level.
"What is he doing on the 35th floor?"
"I don't know … I think he went to that narrow door!"
"The Golden Leaf? His target is the Black Star Pickaxe? It's futile. Does he have the confidence to take it out? "
The special narrow door on the 35th floor could fall into the middle section of the mining tree. In other words, it was a light golden leaf. Inside this leaf, there was a supreme artifact.
This information was obtained from the Sky Feather Holy Sea a long time ago. Therefore, most warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms knew about it!
However, everyone knew that there was a supreme artifact here. It was a strange pickaxe, but no one could take it out.
For so many years, many Divine Sea Realm warriors had thought of many ways, but no one could break open that light golden leaf and take the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, Luo Zheng walked in so casually. Did he have a way to open that light golden leaf?
Previously, Luo Zheng gave people the feeling that he could do anything. Therefore, at first, they thought that he could do it. However, after thinking about it carefully, they all shook their heads and denied it.
"Impossible! If the Black Star Pickaxe could be taken out so easily, there would be Divine Sea Realm warriors who got it already! "
"That's right. I think Luo Tianxing is just trying. However, a supreme artifact is not something ordinary. He can't take it out! "
"This guy's brute force is indeed strong. However, he could only injure Battle King Yu the Great. Unless his strength is 10 times stronger, there is still a chance!"
While people were discussing, some warriors even started to climb up the pyramid. The 35th floor was dangerous for Immortal Realm geniuses like them. However, if they ran into green Ore Devouring Bugs and escaped in time, it wouldn't be a big problem as long as they didn't run into purple Ore Devouring Bugs. The purple Ore Devouring Bugs usually lived above the 40th floor. So far, only Luo Zheng had lured them down from the 40th floor.
Therefore, many warriors entered the narrow door on the 35th floor and the narrow door below.
Because each narrow door could only allow one warrior to enter, some brave warriors would even enter the narrow door above Luo Zheng …
Standing on the pale golden leaf, Luo Zheng was speechless as he looked at the people above his head, below his feet, to his left, to his right, and even to his left.
It was just smashing a leaf. What was there to see? He even wanted to come in and watch.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, did not try to avoid it. Taking away the Black Star Pickaxe would definitely cause a huge commotion, so there was no way he could avoid being noticed. However, he did not like to be surrounded like this.
"Should I lure a purple Ore Devouring Bug to chase these guys away?" Luo Zheng thought so in his heart. But after thinking about it, he decided to let it go. If they wanted to watch a good show, he would let them watch as much as they wanted.
He took a few steps on the pale golden leaf and arrived at the Black Star Pickaxe. Then, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
After entering the saint tool body, Luo Zheng did not know how much power he could bear. When he had just absorbed the Sky Evolution Essence, Luo Zheng wanted to test it out. However, he was interrupted by Huo Yuner. Now, he wanted to test it out!
From the moment he closed his eyes, Luo Zheng began to absorb the power of the dragon scales.
One scale, ten scales, one hundred scales, one thousand scales …
When he was in the immortal tool body, Luo Zheng's body could only bear the power of one thousand scales. If he absorbed any more, his body might collapse.
However, this time, Luo Zheng directly opened one thousand scales. Next, he opened two thousand scales!
Luo Zheng could feel the terrifying power slowly flowing through his body. It was like a condensed liquid, slowly moving through his limbs and bones.
His body was still able to withstand the power of two thousand dragon scales. Again!
Three thousand!
Next, Luo Zheng instantly activated the power of 3,000 dragon scales!
"I can still bear it!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that every cell in his body was expanding. Each of his cells contained an extremely strong power. If all of this power were to be released in an instant, what kind of terrifying state would it reach?
He had not reached his limit yet! He could still bear it!
Luo Zheng took a deep breath again and opened four thousand dragon scales!
"Crack! Crack! Crack!
Crack! "Luo Zheng's bones began to emit violent cracking sounds!
Ever since Luo Zheng's body had been cultivated to a Xuan Artifact, his bones rarely made such a sound because every part of his body was incomparably hard. The reason why such a sound erupted from his body was because the joints in his body were expanding and could not bear the force. That was why such a sound erupted from his body!
Because of the power, every cell in Luo Zheng's body expanded again! At this moment, his body had expanded to its limit!
"Look! Luo Zheng seems to have grown taller! "
"His body seems to have expanded by two times!"
"How on earth did he do it? I feel that his body is filled with power! "
Above Luo Zheng's head and on the leaves on both sides, many warriors were lying on the edge of the leaves and watching. The braver warriors were focused on the changes in Luo Zheng's body. The timid warriors glanced at him and looked around. If the Ores Devouring Bugs came, they only needed to turn over slightly and they would be able to escape from the leaves …
"Is this the limit? Is this the limit? "Luo Zheng frowned.
He felt a swelling pain coming from every part of his body. He was unable to control the power of four thousand dragon scales!
"Alas, it seems that I still have to undergo Body Forging! It's just that I haven't collected enough Primordial Astral Body! " After attaining the Immortal Artifact Body, Luo Zheng had undergone Body Forging. His body had become much stronger. However, after Luo Zheng entered the Divine Artifact Body, he did not have the opportunity to undergo Body Forging. After all, the red dragon was now in a deep sleep.
Would the power of four thousand dragon scales be enough to break open this golden leaf?
Luo Zheng frowned. His face revealed a hesitant expression … No! He quickly denied this idea.
These Divine Sea Realm warriors had thought of many ways to take away the pickaxes in the golden leaf. Although only one Divine Sea Realm warrior could enter the golden leaf, there were still several Divine Sea Realm warriors on the left, right, above, and below. If they all attacked together, they still could not break the golden leaf. It was estimated that the power of four thousand dragon scales alone would not be enough to break it open.
"Five thousand!"
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He continued to borrow more dragon scales!
However, just as the power of five thousand dragon scales burst out, Luo Zheng felt severe pain! This pain came from every cell in Luo Zheng's body. The degree of pain was imaginable! It was unbearable!
"Selfless … Realm!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng used a technique that he had previously used. Under the state of Selflessness, Luo Zheng could temporarily forget about the pain in his body. He was like a bystander, treating his body as if he was a spectator.
In fact, the Selfless Realm had both advantages and disadvantages. Pain was beneficial to the human body. When the body felt pain, it was actually the body telling you that it had exceeded its capacity or that there was something wrong with it …
If one could not feel pain, then it would only bring more harm to one's body!
However, Luo Zheng had no other choice. Since he had made the decision, he would try his best.
The power of five thousand dragon scales poured into Luo Zheng's body. Because every part of his body had expanded to the limit, the popping sound disappeared. However, after only one breath, a wound suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's chest!
"Pop!"
The sound of cloth tearing was heard, and a dark red arrow of blood suddenly appeared on Luo Zheng's chest. The arrow of blood had torn a long strip of his robe at his chest! Luo Zheng's chest was torn open by a huge force. Blood rushed out at an extremely high speed, instantly tearing his clothes apart!
"Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop … "
Then, blood arrows shot out from Luo Zheng's back, legs, and shoulders, tearing his clothes into pieces!
＝＝＝＝＝