"How did this Luo Zheng get injured? Did anyone attack him? "
"It's really strange … What's going on with this guy?"
"I've seen this situation before. Some warriors can't bear it when they're infused with power, and this happens! But Luo Zheng's body is so tyrannical. What kind of power does it take to achieve this kind of effect? "
Luo Zheng gasped for breath. His expression was extremely solemn. His body was on the verge of collapse. If he continued to infuse more dragon scales, his body wouldn't be able to bear it!
The power of five thousand dragon scales ….
He took a step forward with great difficulty. Even though he was in the state of selflessness and could not feel the pain coming from his body due to the pressure of the power, he was still shocked when he looked at his own body.
Should he activate six thousand dragon scales?
Luo Zheng's face showed hesitation, but he quickly gave up on this impulse. Because after he took a step forward, three or four blood arrows shot out from his body …
"Let's test it out with five thousand dragon scales!"
Since he was already at his limit, Luo Zheng wouldn't be so stupid as to try the power of six thousand dragon scales. If his body really collapsed, even an immortal wouldn't be able to save him.
Then Luo Zheng opened his legs and stepped into a horse stance. He stood steadily on the golden leaf with the Black Star Pickaxe under his feet. Then, Luo Zheng clenched his fists!
"Pu! Pu! Pu … "
The power in Luo Zheng's body continued to flow into Luo Zheng's arms. Every meridian in his arms bulged like a small snake! At the same time, blood arrows began to burst out from his skin. In an instant, the sleeves on his arms had been completely torn into pieces by the blood arrows.
Even so, he still clenched his teeth and slowly raised his fist.
Luo Zheng didn't dare to circulate his true essence and astral essence. Now, Luo Zheng's body had been pushed to the limit. Perhaps if he added a little more power, it would be enough to make his body collapse or even explode!
"Let's unleash this power!"
Then, Luo Zheng's fist smashed heavily on the light golden leaves below.
The speed of his fist was not fast, and it contained such terrifying power, so he did not need to borrow the speed to increase its power …
As his fist slowly approached the leaf, the immense power in his body began to flow towards the golden leaf!
At the same time, Luo Zheng's body began to shrink rapidly! Just now, his physical body had doubled in size, and when he released his power, it had also shrunk in size!
"Clang!"
A deep and heavy voice rang out.
Within a breath of time after the sound rang out, the Golden Leaf suddenly began to sink. It sank a full ten feet, but the leaf still did not show any signs of shattering. The Golden Leaf, which had sunk ten feet, was like a taut bowstring. Then, it quickly bounced back. With this bounce, Luo Zheng was directly thrown into the air!
Luo Zheng was like a fish in a frying pan. He was thrown high into the air by the Golden Leaf. After flipping over, he fell back onto the Golden Leaf …
This huge vibration was quickly transmitted to the entire mining tree. Some warriors, due to their poor eyesight, crouched on the edge of the leaf to watch Luo Zheng. Under this vibration, the edge of the leaf was slippery, so they directly fell off the leaf and into the halo …
"He failed. Just now, Luo Zheng's power actually shook the entire mining tree …"
"That power is really unimaginably strong. I'm afraid that even a Divine Sea Realm warrior can't have such terrifying power!"
"What a pity. Although Luo Zheng is not on the same side as our Da Yu Divine Nation, I really hope that he can smash the leaf and take the Black Star Pickaxe!"
The God-level geniuses were also silent. Many of them showed disappointment on their faces.
Whether Luo Zheng could take the Black Star Pickaxe or not, in fact, they didn't care at all. At this moment, they were all shocked by Luo Zheng's actions. Even the warriors of the Da Yu Divine Nation felt a trace of pity in their hearts.
Luo Zheng, who was crouching on the Golden Leaf, was panting heavily. At this moment, he had already left the Selfless Realm. He could feel the clear pain coming from every part of his body!
He still failed. The power of five thousand dragon scales seemed to be insufficient.
And it seemed that even six thousand dragon scales were not enough …
The reason was very simple. The Golden Leaf was supported by a root that was not very thick. A person with a hammer could not smash the leaf because the root of the leaf had a certain elasticity.
The current situation was the same. Although the root of the Mining Tree was extremely tough, it also had a certain elasticity. It was this elasticity that offset a lot of Luo Zheng's strength.
"If I want to smash the Golden Leaf, I'm afraid I'll need more than ten thousand dragon scales. I have already lit up more than fourteen thousand dragon scales, but my body is unable to withstand such a powerful force. What should I do?" Luo Zheng was in a dilemma.
Although his body was in pain, it was not comparable to Luo Zheng's disappointment!
"Give up, Brother Tianxing!" King Yan's voice suddenly sounded.
King Yan had been standing on the 33rd layer of the leaf. Although he was two layers lower than Luo Zheng, he was directly below Luo Zheng and could see everything clearly.
In fact, many warriors outside had entered. For example, Huo Chen and Huo Yuner had also entered. However, Huo Yuner was a little far from Luo Zheng. She sat quietly on the 36th layer of the leaf with her long legs together in the air. She looked down at Luo Zheng's every move with a trace of pity in her eyes.
Hearing King Yan's voice, Luo Zheng slowly climbed up from the leaf. King Yan continued, "I'll help you get the Origin Stones of Life! Although most of them have been used up every year, there are still some scattered in the four Divine Kingdoms. We'll definitely be able to collect them! "
Just as King Yan finished speaking, Huo Yuner's voice also floated over. However, because she was a little far away, she channeled her True Essence into her voice. "Father still has some Origin Stones of Life. Luo Tianxing, how many Origin Stones of Life are you aiming for? I think we should be able to complete the goal if we pool together! "
"Brother Tianxing … I've collected eight more Origin Stones of Life …" Yue Ying was the last to enter. She sat on the 32nd layer of the leaf and looked up at Luo Zheng.
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with warmth.
Indeed, Luo Zheng's biggest goal was the Origin Stones of Life. That was to save Ning Yudie.
However, this did not mean that Luo Zheng's goal was only the Origin Stones of Life!
Luo Zheng had never forgotten the young man he met in the Void Spirit Sect. Even though he did not show any hostility to Luo Yan, Luo Zheng understood that if he wanted to see Luo Yan again, he would have to put in a thousand times, ten thousand times more effort than ordinary people!
This was also one of Luo Zheng's life goals!
Although Luo Zheng understood that if he moved forward steadily, he still had a long way to go. There was still a long time for him to grow. However, Luo Zheng would not waste any time. He wanted to grow as fast as possible and challenge the peak one by one until he stood in front of that young man!
Therefore, in the face of this pale golden leaf and the Black Star Pickaxe sealed within, Luo Zheng would definitely not give up.
"Thank you!"
Luo Zheng said indifferently as he poured his True Essence into the Black Star Pickaxe.
This' thank you 'was naturally for Yan Wang, Huo Yun' er, and Yue Ying.
Then, Luo Zheng sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes again. He began to think of a way to break the leaf under his feet.
His body could not bear such a huge amount of power. This point seemed unsolvable, but …
Time passed little by little. Many warriors on the leaf also focused their attention on Luo Zheng. Although this scene was a bit boring, every warrior seemed to be very patient. It was like the night before the climax of a drama. Although it was a bit dull, the audience still waited patiently. They wanted to see what kind of method Luo Zheng would come up with.
"There's no way, there shouldn't be any way!"
"For ten thousand years, how many methods have those Divine Sea Realm experts thought of? Almost all the methods have been thought of! "