Luo Zheng sat quietly on the leaf. His eyes became calmer and calmer, and the thoughts in his mind became clearer and clearer!
He couldn't release all his power now because of the limitation of his physical body. Now, the biggest problem was to break through this limitation.
Then, the power from the outside world and his own power were essentially the same …
If so, he could also transfer his own power!
After obtaining the Will of the World from the little monster, Luo Zheng could connect with any material in this world!
A flower, a piece of wood, a mountain, a sea …
Everything he saw could establish this incredible connection with Luo Zheng. Even everything he had never seen could be connected with him. Because the memory of the whole world had been firmly stored in Luo Zheng's mind, he was now the spokesperson of this world.
He could feel the original Will of this world. In the future, Luo Zheng would definitely explore it himself, but now was not the time.
Using the method of transferring power, Luo Zheng could bear a huge amount of power without any harm, because any form of power would be replaced by something else. On the West Dragon River, Luo Zheng was replaced by the mountains by the river. Just now, when Liu Xiu's Heavenly Thunder Halberd was blocked, it was the endless ocean of the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea.
Luo Zheng's body could bear the weight of ten thousand dragon scales, or even a hundred thousand dragon scales if he used his own power to transfer them. After all, the burden of his physical body would be borne by something else for Luo Zheng.
The problem was that this method seemed to be unworkable.
Now, he needed to pour all his power on this light golden leaf. If he used the power transfer, it was equivalent to transferring the power of the dragon scales to him …
"Transfer …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slapped his forehead heavily!
Luo Zheng was too rigid. The power transfer could be used in this way!
Seeing Luo Zheng's action and expression, King Yan's eyes flashed, and his expression was quite strange. This guy seemed to have thought of another way?
Huo Yuner blinked her eyes, and the corners of her mouth lifted slightly. She believed that with Luo Zheng's comprehension, he might really be able to find a way!
At this time, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up and stood on the leaf again. Then, he took a deep breath!
"Dragon Scale Power!"
The Qinglong Dragon Scales above the furnace once again blossomed with green light, and the power of the Dragon Scales once again surged into Luo Zheng's body like a tide.
One hundred pieces …
A thousand pieces …
Two thousand …
Three thousand pieces …
Four thousand …
Terrifying power continued to accumulate in Luo Zheng's body!
In the previous test, Luo Zheng had already felt a lot of pressure when he reached 4000. This time, it was the same. Luo Zheng's body expanded again, and his height increased again!
However, Luo Zheng did not hesitate in the slightest. He directly poured in the power of 5,000 dragon scales!
Six thousand!
Seven thousand!
Eight thousand pieces!
Nine thousand pieces …
Luo Zheng's body was already nearing its limit when he had reached five thousand. It was already impossible for him to increase his strength, or else his body would immediately disintegrate.
But this time, Luo Zheng directly broke through 5000 dragon scales, and his strength was still increasing. But this time, Luo Zheng didn't suffer any damage!
"Everyone, look! It's under Luo Zheng's feet! "
"The Golden Leaf seems to be under some kind of heavy pressure. It's actually sinking!"
"What the hell is going on?"
Luo Zheng was only standing on the leaf, but he was actually pressing it down heavily!
Everyone knew how sturdy this leaf was. Even if a dozen mountains were placed on top of it, they still wouldn't be able to press it down. However, Luo Zheng was able to erupt with such power just by standing on top of it. Everyone's heart was filled with shock.
Luo Zheng's gaze was firm, and his eyes became brighter and brighter. It was as if two stars were embedded in his pupils.
"Ten thousand pieces!"
"Eleven thousand pieces!"
"Twelve thousand pieces …"
Just now, Luo Zheng was constantly thinking, but he forgot about the characteristics of his power transfer!
At first, he thought that he couldn't use the power transfer to activate the Dragon Scale Power, because the power transfer could only transfer the power he received to any place in the world!
But on second thought, Luo Zheng thought of another way.
Since he could transfer the power group to any place, how about setting the location on this mining tree, on this leaf?
In other words, Luo Zheng's body could only withstand 4,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power!
After 4,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power had been transferred by Luo Zheng, and all of it had been transferred to the Golden Leaf!
This was also the reason why Luo Zheng's body didn't collapse after activating more than 10,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power.
Thirteen thousand pieces!
Fourteen thousand pieces!
All of the Dragon Scale Power had been activated by Luo Zheng. Among them, 10,000 pieces of the Dragon Scale Power had been completely applied to the leaf, and the other 4,000 pieces were stored in Luo Zheng's body!
The entire Golden Leaf was completely pressed down by Luo Zheng. Under such heavy pressure, the Golden Leaf was on the verge of collapse, and Luo Zheng had stepped on it to its limit!
"It's about time!"
At this point, Luo Zheng once again took a step forward, and he began to continuously transfer the power in his body into his fists!
The blue veins on his arms tightened like small snakes. This time, Luo Zheng had already exerted his power to the limit. If he still couldn't break this leaf … Luo Zheng wouldn't give up.
At worst, he would ask Huo Yuner to come again, and he would once again devour those cursed weapons.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's fists suddenly smashed down on the Golden Leaf below.
Originally, the power of 10,000 pieces of Dragon Scale Power had been poured into the leaf. This time, Luo Zheng's Vital Essence erupted, and at the same time, 4,000 pieces of Dragon Scale Power suddenly surged out.
"Bang!"
Both of his fists fiercely smashed down, and a faint crack appeared on the pale golden leaf!
A crack!
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of joy!
The faces of the martial artists who were watching from all directions suddenly changed drastically.
"He did it! Luo Tianxing did it! "
"My God, the Golden Leaf that couldn't be broken for so many years was actually broken by Luo Zheng!"
"This … Isn't Luo Tianxing a little too powerful?!"
"Although the Black Star Pickaxe is just a pickaxe, it's still a Supreme-Being artifact!"
"This is big news, this is really big news …"
The various Divine Rank geniuses all had solemn expressions, and all kinds of thoughts flashed through their minds! However, except for a few people, such as Yan Wang, Huo Yuner, and Yue Ying, the others couldn't help but feel jealous! This kind of jealousy seemed to come from their body's instinct, and they couldn't avoid it!
Some of the warriors who were originally looking forward to Luo Zheng breaking the Golden Leaf didn't look forward to it anymore. Instead, they hoped that Luo Zheng would fail. Humans were such contradictory creatures.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng's tall and sturdy figure bent down once again, and his fists smashed down again!
"Bang!"
The second crack appeared on the Golden Leaf, and this crack extended from the first crack.
Everything was difficult at the beginning. After the first crack appeared on the Golden Leaf, this crack became its biggest flaw. Luo Zheng followed this flaw and smashed out more cracks.
"Bang! Bang! Bang … "
Fist after fist smashed on the Golden Leaf, and more cracks appeared.
As the cracks increased, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed. His slightly trembling fists suddenly emitted streams of True Essence, and then these True Essences turned into dots of starlight that enveloped Luo Zheng's body.
"Stars sink, Earth moves! Break for me! "
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and punched out one last time.
"Rumble …"
"Ping …"
Everyone suddenly heard a sharp cracking sound. The Golden Leaf under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly cracked from the middle, and at the same time, the stem of the Golden Leaf also broke!