Although many of the Divine Rank geniuses present knew that they were no match for Luo Zheng, they could no longer remain calm when they saw the Black Star Pickaxe.
Let alone a supreme god artifact, even an ordinary god artifact would cause countless Deity level geniuses to take the risk. Even if they had to risk their lives, they would still take action. This was because the temptation was unimaginably great.
"Whoosh …"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In that instant, seven to eight Divine Rank geniuses shot out from the thirty-sixth layer of the leaf! Although they would be pulled down by an invisible gravitational force after leaving the leaf, they could adjust their direction to a certain extent the moment they left the leaf!
Of course, they were all aiming for the pickaxe!
Not only the thirty-sixth layer, but several warriors from the thirty-seventh layer also jumped down and joined the ranks of those fighting for the Black Star Pickaxe.
As for the warriors from the thirty-fourth and thirty-third layers, they were also waiting for an opportunity. Once the Black Star Pickaxe fell, they would also join the fight without hesitation.
When the Golden Leaf was shattered by Luo Zheng, all the fragments, including Luo Zheng and the Black Star Pickaxe, were thrown up due to inertia. Immediately after, they were pulled down by the huge gravitational force.
"Brother Tianxing, be careful!" Yan Wang, who was standing on a leaf not far away, warned. Although Yan Wang was still some distance away from Luo Zheng, he was unable to approach Luo Zheng. At this moment, he could only warn him. Yue Ying and Huo Yuner were also in the same situation.
When Luo Zheng saw the warriors flying down and rushing towards the Black Star Pickaxe, his face sank. He had spent a tremendous amount of effort to obtain the Black Star Pickaxe, but these fellows knew how to take advantage of him! However, how could it be so easy to take advantage of him, Luo Zheng?
"Snatching my item? Courting death! "Luo Zheng coldly snorted. At this moment, the soul pressure in Luo Zheng's mind suddenly erupted!
Previously, when Luo Zheng released his soul pressure, he still held back a lot. Otherwise, with his soul that had fused with the will of the world, these False Tribulation Realm warriors would not even be able to get close to him.
This Black Star Pickaxe was extremely important to Luo Zheng. How could Luo Zheng allow others to touch it?
Therefore, this time, Luo Zheng's soul pressure burst out completely!
Luo Zheng's speed of falling was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, he had fallen from the 35th floor to the 20th floor together with the Black Star Pickaxe and the fragments of the Golden Leaf. At this moment, he was already quite far away from Huo Yuner and Prince Yan!
However, even though they were separated by more than ten floors, Luo Zheng's soul pressure still made King Yan, Huo Yun 'er, and the other warriors who had not left the leaf turn pale!
"He's so far away, but his Soul Suppression is still so terrifying. I'm afraid Luo Zheng is really angry this time!" King Yan said calmly.
Not far away, Yue Ying coldly snorted, "Big Brother Tianxing risked his life to open this leaf, and these damned fellows still want to sit back and enjoy the fruits of others' work. They are courting death themselves, so they can't blame anyone else!"
Huo Yuner sat on the edge of the leaf and swung her legs. Her gaze was indifferent …
If she had seen this scene in the past, no matter who it was, she would have tried to persuade the other party to stop. Under this kind of Soul Suppression, it would be difficult for those people to survive … However, at this moment, the scales in her heart were completely tilted. She thought in her heart, "Luo Tianxing did the right thing. Who told you to snatch the Black Star Pickaxe? You deserve it."
There were still some warriors on the leaf, and their faces were filled with joy. Just now, they also wanted to rush down and fight, but they were either too far away from Luo Zheng's leaf, or they restrained themselves. Especially those warriors who restrained themselves. When they felt the Soul Suppression, how could they not be happy? Under this kind of Soul Suppression, there was probably no False Tribulation Realm warrior who could survive!
Even though they were so far away, they were still suppressed by Luo Zheng's Soul Suppression. The ten or so Divine Ranked geniuses who were chasing after the Black Star Pickaxe were only one or two zhang away from Luo Zheng. The closest ones were not even one zhang away, and one of them was only a foot away from the Black Star Pickaxe. That Divine Ranked genius had already stretched his hand towards the Black Star Pickaxe, but at this moment, his hand was frozen at this distance, unable to move an inch further …
In an instant, these ten or so Divine Ranked geniuses were corroded by Luo Zheng's Soul Suppression. Streaks of blood flowed out from their mouths, noses, ears, and eyes. During the process of falling, the blood was still flowing out, and from their bodies, no signs of life could be felt.
Soon, Luo Zheng and the Black Star Pickaxe landed at the bottom of the ring of light, and those Divine Ranked geniuses followed closely behind.
On one side of the pyramid, under the flickering ring of light, Luo Zheng stood firmly in the large pit that was previously created, and the Black Star Pickaxe was firmly nailed to the ground.
After one breath, the ring of light above Luo Zheng's head kept flickering, and then, one after another, corpses fell heavily to the ground.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Like rain, the ten or so Divine Ranked geniuses' corpses fell around Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the corpses. His hand was already on the pickaxe, and he was like a real Death God, standing in the middle of the large pit.
Not all of the Divine Ranked geniuses had entered the mining tree. After all, each leaf could only accommodate one warrior. If they were too far away, their vision would be blocked, and they wouldn't be able to see anything. Therefore, most of the Divine Ranked geniuses stayed outside the pyramid.
Now that these Divine Ranked geniuses saw the scene in front of them, each and every one of them was scared out of their wits. At the same time, their faces were filled with vigilance. Could it be that this Luo Zheng had gone crazy and was crazily slaughtering these Divine Ranked geniuses? If that was really the case, there really wasn't anyone here who could stop him!
"He killed so many people! Why is Luo Zheng killing so many people? "
"What is that thing in his hand?! That seems to be … "
"The Black Star Pickaxe buried in the Golden Leaf on the thirty-fifth floor, if I'm not mistaken."
"How, how, how did he get it …"
When the Divine Ranked geniuses outside the pyramid noticed the Black Star Pickaxe, the ten or so corpses had already been thrown far away!
Killing a few Divine Ranked geniuses wasn't a big deal. However, getting the Black Star Pickaxe was too scary. This was something that they couldn't even imagine. Even though the pickaxe was wrapped in the leaf, who had the ability to take it away?
This question had been passed down by word of mouth among the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms. Now, the answer was as clear as day. Who could do it? Luo Zheng could do it!
Luo Zheng carried the Black Star Pickaxe and walked out of the huge pit. His mind wasn't on these people at all. To Luo Zheng, these Divine Ranked geniuses were nothing. He had already focused all his attention on the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand!
Inside the mining tree, Yan Wang smiled as he looked at the halo below slowly disappearing. He then said, "Let's go out and take a look!"
When the King of Yan took this step, the other ancient martial art practitioners followed behind him. They leaped up one after another and plunged down.
Zhou Ning from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom revealed a faint smile on his face. This Luo Tianxing had already exceeded his expectations. However, this guy was always able to exceed his expectations again and again.
Zhou Ning had previously felt the threat of competition from Yan Wang. Therefore, he had started to suppress Yan Wang. All along, he had been holding the absolute advantage. However, now, because of Luo Zheng, Zhou Ning would be suppressed by Zhou Zhihua.
However, at the end of the day, they were still brothers. Perhaps they didn't need to compete so fiercely. Zhou Ning's face revealed a look of relief. He then left the leaf.
Everyone returned to the outside of the pyramid. Luo Zheng stood alone not far away. He held the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand and frowned slightly.
Luo Zheng couldn't tell what material the Black Star Pickaxe was made of. Most importantly, Luo Zheng couldn't find anything special about the Black Star Pickaxe no matter how he turned it over and over.
"This is the so-called supreme artifact? The question is, what's so special about it? "
Whether it was the Semi-Divine Artifact on Huo Yuner's arm or Liu Xiu's Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, the aura and power contained within them were far beyond that of ordinary Divine Artifacts.
However, apart from the fact that the Black Star Pickaxe was extremely hard, Luo Zheng couldn't tell which part of it looked like a Divine Artifact. Moreover, it was a supreme artifact …
＝＝＝＝＝