Everyone stared at Luo Zheng. Although many of the god-ranked geniuses had greedy looks on their faces, the corpses in the pit were still vivid in their eyes.
Snatching something from Luo Zheng's hands? That wasn't taking a risk. That was simply courting death!
Therefore, everyone could only keep a certain distance from Luo Zheng and look at him from afar.
This Black Star Pickaxe was very short and small, so it looked like a small hammer. After observing it for a long time, Luo Zheng still couldn't figure out the secret behind it.
"Does this pickaxe need to be activated with true energy?"
Thinking of this, a strand of true energy appeared in Luo Zheng's hand and poured into the pickaxe.
Generally speaking, true energy could easily invade weapons. However, he faintly felt that this pickaxe seemed to reject true energy. His true energy simply couldn't be poured into it …
"Perception …"
Next, Luo Zheng used his soul perception. However, just as he touched the Black Star Pickaxe, he was also blocked by an invisible force.
"Do I need to drip blood to recognize it as the owner?"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and gently flicked his finger. A strand of blood shot out. However, before the blood could splash onto the Black Star Pickaxe, it slid to the sides.
This …
Looking at the Black Star Pickaxe, which was impervious to everything, Luo Zheng suddenly felt as if he had entered a treasure mountain but returned empty-handed. He had no idea what to do with this pickaxe.
Luo Zheng helplessly blinked his eyes and looked at the god-ranked geniuses in the distance. At this moment, no one dared to approach him. He also couldn't expect to get the method from them.
Just as Luo Zheng was at his wit's end, a faint voice rang out in his mind …
"Black Star Pickaxe, hehe, a supreme artifact … I knew it was buried in the Tree of Earth. I didn't expect you to really take it out …" Qinglong's faint voice floated over.
"You're awake!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a surprised expression. He originally thought that Qinglong would be in a deep sleep for a long time.
Qinglong's faint voice drifted over. There was even a hint of exhaustion in his voice. "I can feel this supreme artifact."
Luo Zheng was also worried. Judging from Qinglong's tone, it seemed that it knew a lot about the Mining Tree and the Black Star Pickaxe. Luo Zheng's face lit up. "It seems that I can't use this pickaxe."
Qinglong chuckled and said, "It would be strange if a supreme divine artifact could be used as soon as one obtained it."
"Then what should I do?" Luo Zheng asked hurriedly.
The Dragon Bloodline Clan was a branch of the True Dragon Clan. They had half dragon and half human blood. Qinglong was a Super Divine Beast in the True Dragon Realm. He was a true True Dragon. If even Qinglong did not know how to use the Black Star Pickaxe, no one else would.
"I'll teach you how to recognize a master," Qinglong said casually.
"Is it easy?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Follow my instructions. It won't be too difficult," Qinglong said again.
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. He was now in the territory of the four Divine Kingdoms. According to King Yan and the others, the Divine Sea Realm experts would come to the Emperor of Feathers Mystic Realm to catch the Ore Devouring Bugs. They hoped to take the Soul Cores from the Ore Devouring Bugs. If he could not make the Black Star Pickaxe recognize him as its master, it would definitely be taken away by the War Emperors and Battle Emperors.
"Do you see the three divine patterns on the head of the pickaxe?" Qinglong continued, "You only need to activate the three 10-star divine patterns. Then you can make it recognize you as its master."
Luo Zheng nodded. The three 10-star divine patterns on the Black Star Pickaxe were inherited from the True Dragon Clan. They had nothing to do with the human race.
Luo Zheng had wondered if he needed to activate the three 10-star divine patterns before he could make it recognize him as its master. That was why he tried to infuse his True Yuan into the Black Star Pickaxe. However, the Black Star Pickaxe did not react at all. Luo Zheng could only feel helpless …
"You only need to draw the other three 10-star divine patterns according to the three 10-star divine patterns. Then you can activate it," Qinglong said with a smile.
"The other three 10-star divine patterns?" Luo Zheng was shocked. "Don't tell me they're also 10-star divine patterns?"
With Luo Zheng's current soul force, he could only inscribe a five-star or six-star Divine Rune. He couldn't even inscribe a seven-star Divine Rune. As for a ten-star Divine Rune, he didn't even dare to think about it.
Qinglong said calmly, "Hehe, if it's a 10-star divine pattern, I'm afraid there are only a few people in the entire universe who can make this Black Star Pickaxe recognize him as its master … Think about it. Then you'll understand if you reverse the patterns."
"Reverse the patterns?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. The three 10-star divine patterns appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes.
In his mind, Luo Zheng began to construct the opposite lines of Divine Inscriptions. Following which, a look of astonishment appeared on his face. "These are actually three One Star Divine Inscriptions. Not only that, these are the Divine Inscriptions I used to meditate when I was cultivating Divine Inscriptions!"
This ten-star Divine Rune was actually a one-star Divine Rune …
Luo Zheng did not know if this was a coincidence or a deliberate move by the almighty who designed the divine patterns.
"Yes! However, the number of people who know this secret is too few … Even if someone took the Black Star Pickaxe, they would not be able to make it recognize him as its master if they didn't know its secrets, "Qinglong said.
Luo Zheng nodded. "I understand. Then I'll make it recognize him as its master now!"
At this point, Luo Zheng could not wait any longer. He grabbed the pickaxe and glanced at it. Seeing that everyone's eyes were on him, Luo Zheng smiled coldly. Suddenly, he waved the pickaxe and smashed it into the ground.
Although it did not recognize him as its master, the Black Star Pickaxe's hardness was not ordinary. Under Luo Zheng's swing, a deep hole was dug in the ground. Then, Luo Zheng jumped into the hole and released his True Yuan to envelop the surroundings.
After all, only three 1-star divine patterns were needed to undo the 10-star divine patterns on the Black Star Pickaxe. The four Divine Kingdoms also had Divine Pattern Arts inheritances and Divine Pattern Masters. He did not want this secret to be leaked.
At the bottom of the hole, Luo Zheng took out some materials and skillfully made rune ink with his hands.
The difficulty of creating a One Star Meditation Rune wasn't high. Luo Zheng had some leftover materials, so it didn't take long for him to prepare them. Then, he spread out a piece of rune paper, and a wisp of his soul flew out from between his brows. After connecting with the rune pen, he started waving the rune on the paper.
With Luo Zheng's current foundation, making a 1-star divine pattern was only a matter of seconds. After a few dozen breaths of time, the three meditation divine patterns were ready.
He held the three meditation divine patterns and compared them with the 10-star divine pattern on the Black Star Pickaxe.
Indeed, if the 1-star divine pattern was drawn in the opposite direction, it would be the same as the 10-star divine pattern.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that the 10-star divine pattern would be very complicated. Now, it seemed that it was far from what he had imagined. It seemed that all paths led to the same destination.
"What now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Use your Zhen Yuan to activate the 1-star divine pattern, then imprint it on the pickaxe," Qinglong said.
Following Qinglong's instructions, Luo Zheng imprinted a divine pattern on the pickaxe. The moment Luo Zheng imprinted it, the divine pattern on the pickaxe suddenly released a bright light.
Luo Zheng did not ask Qinglong again. He imprinted a second divine pattern, and then a third …
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this time, the Black Star Pickaxe was finally activated!
A magnificent color appeared on the surface of the pickaxe. The color was like a layer of oil that was poured into water, and it bloomed under the light.
"So beautiful!" Luo Zheng exclaimed.
"Don't exclaim. Blood, it recognizes a master. But let me remind you, this is a supreme artifact. It has its own consciousness and can judge its own master. Not everyone can be its master," Qinglong said.
"Yes! Understood! "Luo Zheng nodded.
After working for so long, even if he could not recognize a master, Luo Zheng would accept it. After all, he had done his best!
After nodding, Luo Zheng flicked his finger. A drop of blood flew towards the Black Star Pickaxe again …