The drop of blood splashed onto the Black Star Pickaxe, but it didn't seep into the pickaxe. However, it didn't roll off the pickaxe, nor did it bounce off the pickaxe.
The drop of blood was like a small insect, slowly crawling on the pickaxe.
"Will it work?" Luo Zheng nervously stared at the drop of blood.
The drop of blood slowly slid down the pickaxe's head. Luo Zheng's gaze followed the movement of the drop of blood.
As the drop of blood slowly rolled down the pickaxe, Luo Zheng's heart became heavier and heavier. From the looks of it, it seemed like …
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling depressed, the drop of blood gently shook and suddenly burst open. It spread on the pickaxe's head and then completely soaked into the pickaxe!
"Did, did it work?" Luo Zheng's face revealed an expression of ecstasy!
Immediately after, Luo Zheng felt as if he had established some kind of connection with the Black Star Pickaxe. This connection was like the connection between flesh and blood.
Luo Zheng had experienced this feeling before. For example, when Luo Zheng condensed the Sword Spirit, he and Xun's souls were connected. However, the difference was that Xun, as Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, had her own soul and thoughts. On the other hand, although the Black Star Pickaxe had its own consciousness, it didn't have its own thoughts. This was because its consciousness was only used to recognize its master. It was a relatively simple consciousness.
"Weng weng weng …"
The three divine runes on the Black Star Pickaxe suddenly emitted an extremely bright light. The light directly pierced through the Zhen Yuan barrier that Luo Zheng had set up and soared into the sky!
"What happened in the pit?"
"Who knows? Who dares to go over and see? Luo Tianxing set up this trap to prevent people from seeing. If we go over now, wouldn't we be courting death? "
"I don't dare either. If we go over, we will definitely be killed by him …"
Seeing the state of those divine geniuses, no one dared to go over.
After the light dissipated, Luo Zheng carried the Blackstar Pickaxe and climbed out of the pit. He had a smile on his face as he communicated with Qinglong in his mind. "Does this Blackstar Pickaxe have any special abilities?"
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what grade a supreme artifact belonged to, Huo Yuner's demigod artifact was already so powerful. How could a supreme artifact be weak?
"Black Star Pickaxe's ability?" Qinglong said. "This is just a pickaxe. What kind of ability do you expect it to have? It can dig through anything. "
"…"
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng was stunned. "That's … that's all?"
"You think it's not enough? Don't treat it as a weapon. As a pickaxe, it's really excellent, "Qinglong added.
After hearing this, Luo Zheng's heart sank. What the hell was going on?
When Luo Zheng first saw the three ten-star divine runes on the Blackstar Pickaxe, he had high hopes for it. That was why he was so desperate to get it out of the Blackstar Pickaxe.
In any case, this Blackstar Pickaxe was a supreme artifact. Although it was a pickaxe for mining, it could also be used as a weapon! Could it be that this pickaxe could only dig through things?
Seeing Luo Zheng's disappointed face, Qinglong slowly explained to Luo Zheng, "Don't underestimate this Blackstar Pickaxe. A supreme artifact contains a unique law of causality! There are very few things it can't dig through. "
"Law of causality!"
Luo Zheng heard Xun mention the law of causality, and his heart trembled.
This law of causality was extremely tyrannical! Back then, Cui Xie's Wind of Life and Death was still vivid in his mind. It was because of the law of causality. One cause, one effect. It was simply irresistible!
"Yes, and it's a unique law of causality. Only this can be called a supreme artifact," Qinglong said.
"Then what is the law of causality? What is the cause and the effect?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong thought for a moment before saying, "The cause is the Blackstar Pickaxe itself, and the effect is the ability to dig through everything. Therefore, it can be said that because it digs, it digs through everything …"
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. What kind of law of causality was this?! In the end, it was still digging …
Qinglong probably wasn't satisfied with his explanation. However, this Blackstar Pickaxe was indeed a very special pickaxe. The blacksmith who created this Blackstar Pickaxe wanted to create the most powerful pickaxe in the universe. Originally, he didn't want to use it as a weapon.
However, just from this point alone, this law of causality was actually not bad. Since it could dig through everything, then all defenses would be ineffective against this pickaxe.
It was a pity that this was a pickaxe and not a sword. If it was a supreme artifact level sword, it would contain the law of karma that could break through everything. Who could resist the sword technique unleashed by this sword?
As for this pickaxe … since ancient times, there was no such thing as a pickaxe, right?
Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it. He worked so hard to get this Blackstar Pickaxe for the leaves on the top floor. Since this Blackstar Pickaxe was so powerful, it wouldn't be difficult for it to dig through the leaves on the 45th floor. As for the law of causality, no matter how hard the leaves were, they couldn't resist this pickaxe.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng decided to take out the Life Crystal first.
However, before Luo Zheng could climb up the pyramid, dozens of streaks of light suddenly shot over from the horizon. They were extremely fast!
The Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was rich with the power of blood sacrifice, so it was difficult for False Tribulation Realm martial artists to fly. To be able to fly directly above the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea and maintain such a speed, they had to be a Divine Sea Realm martial artist!
Luo Zheng's guess was correct. It was the group of Divine Sea Realm martial artists, including Zhou Huang, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Sky Fortune Kingdom King, Tianfeng War Emperor, and other Divine Sea Realm martial artists.
With the status of a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, they didn't care about ordinary ores, and they couldn't dig through the leaves on the 45th floor and above. Therefore, they came to the mining tree to catch Ore Devouring Worms. They didn't kill all of the Ore Devouring Worms. These Ore Devouring Worms laid eggs on the roots of the mining tree, and new Ore Devouring Worms would hatch every year.
They placed their hopes on the Ore Devouring Worms, hoping that they would eat the soul core and take it out before it was completely digested.
More than 20 Divine Sea Realm martial artists landed at the bottom of the pyramid. Battle Emperor Yu the Great was the first to arrive. As soon as he stood firm, several Divine Sea Realm martial artists carried the unconscious Liu Xiu on their backs and walked towards Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great saw that Liu Xiu's aura was declining and he was unconscious. His gloomy face immediately darkened. What was going on? Who in the four Divine Kingdoms dared to offend the Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom?
"What happened to my son, Liu Xiu? Why do I feel that his soul is weakening? Who did it? Who hurt his soul? "Battle Emperor Yu the Great asked coldly.
Soul damage was troublesome for ordinary Divine Sea Realm martial artists, but it wasn't a big deal for the dignified Crown Prince of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. The foundation of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom was not something an ordinary sect or family could compare with. However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was angry about who dared to hurt Liu Xiu!
To put it bluntly, the Divine Kingdom Continent belonged to the four royal families. The entire continent was like the backyard of the four royal families. The Liu Family's Crown Prince was in such a state in their backyard. Who in the Divine Kingdom Continent dared to challenge the authority of the royal families?
In fact, Battle Emperor Yu the Great already had an answer in his heart when he said this. Others might not dare to do it, but that didn't mean that Luo Zheng wouldn't dare!
However, Luo Zheng had already had an intense conflict with him. He only spared Luo Zheng's life after Zhou Huang and the others interceded for him. He shouldn't offend Luo Zheng too much now. If Luo Zheng dared to hurt Liu Xiu, wouldn't he be courting death?
A Divine Sea Realm martial artist trembled when he saw the enraged Battle Emperor Yu the Great. Then, he said, "My King, it's Luo Zheng … He forced the Crown Prince into such a state with his soul pressure!"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great took a step forward and reached down Liu Xiu's neck. He took out a female necklace from Liu Xiu's neck. The Heart Concentrating Gem in the necklace was completely broken and its color was dim. Battle Emperor Yu the Great gritted his teeth and shouted at Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng! Kneel down and accept your death! "
Although the Heart Concentrating Gem was a High Grade Sacred Artifact, its value was comparable to a Semi-Divine Artifact. How could Battle Emperor Yu the Great not be angry?