Battle Emperor Yu the Great didn't want to argue with Luo Zheng!
It was shameful for a monarch to argue with a Virtual Tribulation Realm warrior. He knew that he couldn't kill Luo Zheng with his own strength. Luo Zheng had stolen the little monster's ability and could transfer its power to other things at will.
However, this wasn't an unsolvable problem for Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He could use his domain to cut off Luo Zheng's connection. Within his domain, the rules were set by him. Luo Zheng could only be a fish on his chopping board!
Zhou Huang frowned. He wanted to stop Battle Emperor Yu the Great, but he hesitated. He was a calm and impartial person. However, it seemed like Luo Tianxing was in the wrong.
While he hesitated, Battle Emperor Yu the Great closed the distance between him and Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye.
However, before Battle Emperor Yu the Great could get close to Luo Zheng, a figure appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It wasn't King Yan, but Huo Yuner.
Huo Yuner stood in front of Luo Zheng with a solemn expression. The jade bracelet on her arm was vibrating continuously!
When Huo Yuner rushed over, Huo Chen also stood in front of Luo Zheng.
"Scram!"
Battle Emperor Yu the Great spoke politely. He took into account that Huo Yuner and Huo Chen were the Crown Prince and Princess of the Tianfeng Divine Nation. If it had been any other god-grade genius, he would have killed them, regardless of which Divine Nation they were from!
"Chen 'er! Yuner! What are you doing? "
The Tianfeng War Emperor panicked when he saw Huo Chen and Huo Yuner. Battle Emperor Yu the Great was furious, so he didn't know why Huo Yuner and Huo Chen had interfered.
"Luo Tianxing injured Liu Xiu because he wanted to stand up for us! Battle Emperor Yu the Great, you didn't educate your son properly. Instead, you blamed Luo Tianxing. What kind of logic is this? "Huo Yuner was naive and romantic, but that didn't mean that she was timid! On the contrary, because of her naivety, she was serious!
Huo Yuner believed that Liu Xiu was in the wrong. That was why she spoke so eloquently in front of Battle God Yu the Great. However, Huo Yuner did not expect that Battle God Yu the Great would not reason with her.
Battle God Yu the Great wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng, and Liu Xiu was the perfect excuse!
"Hmph!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great paused for a moment. He stretched out his hand and waved it gently. An invisible force enveloped Huo Yuner and Huo Chen. He wanted to sweep them aside. However, just as Battle Emperor Yu the Great's power enveloped them, the Tianfeng War Emperor stood beside Huo Yuner. A brown fire shield appeared in his hand.
When the Fire Shield collided with the invisible power released by Battle Emperor Da Yu, an intense flame erupted. At the same time, the Fire Shield dissipated Battle Emperor Da Yu's power.
"Liu Zan, if there's any conflict between children, let's talk about it after we figure it out." The Tianfeng War Emperor's face also darkened. He already understood that Huo Yuner wouldn't lie. Luo Tianxing injured Liu Xiu because he wanted to help his daughter. In other words, Liu Xiu had bullied his daughter!
"Old Huo!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face was filled with anger. Previously, he wanted to kill Luo Zheng because Zhou Huang stopped him. This time, it was the Tianfeng War Emperor who stopped him. Was Luo Zheng so tough?
Seeing that the Tianfeng War Emperor had stepped forward, Zhou Huang also walked over and said with a smile, "Old Huo is right. If there's any conflict between children, let's talk it out face to face."
Although Zhou Huang spoke politely, he was already standing beside the Tianfeng War Emperor. It was obvious that he was standing in front of Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great was helpless when the two of them stepped forward. He could only wait and see how the situation developed.
The Tianfeng War Emperor turned his head and said to Huo Yuner, "Yuner, tell me what happened."
Huo Yuner nodded her head lightly and told him everything that had happened.
When they heard that Liu Xiu had set up a scheme to extort Huo Chen's True Origin Stones, the Tianfeng War Emperor frowned. Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face also turned ugly.
For a dignified Divine Kingdom Crown Prince to do such a thing for 9000 top grade true essence stones, this was truly shameful. And, the most important problem was that Huo Chen was clearly an honest and simple-minded person. Wasn't this just bullying him?
Although the Tianfeng War Emperor had placed all his attention on Huo Yuner, Huo Chen was still the Crown Prince of the Tianfeng Divine Nation. Liu Xiu had indeed gone overboard.
After hearing Huo Yuner's words, the Tianfeng War Emperor said to Battle Emperor Yu the Great, "Liu Zan, it sounds like this matter is all Liu Xiu's fault. He only has himself to blame for being injured by Luo Zheng. Am I right? "
Zhou Huang also smiled and said, "I also think that's right. Liu Zan, your son is going too far. His scam was exposed and he returned the True Essence Stones, but his own strength isn't enough and he still refuses to let go. Isn't this a bit …" He originally wanted to say that Liu Xiu was too stupid, but when these words reached his mouth, he held back.
"But my son was injured for no reason? The Heart Concentrating Necklace and the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd are priceless items. Someone has to pay the price! " When Battle Emperor Yu the Great heard Huo Yuner say that Liu Xiu had used up the Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd, but he still hadn't been able to injure Luo Zheng, he felt depressed.
Before Zhou Huang could say anything, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face darkened. "Price? Liu Zan, you have become more and more unreasonable over the years! If you want to talk about the price, shouldn't Liu Xiu also pay the price for bullying my son? It's fine if I don't pursue the matter, but you still want to play the blame game. Do you really think that your Divine Nation is superior? "
The Tianfeng War Emperor's temper wasn't as good as Zhou Huang's. Furthermore, Huo Yuner was the apple of his eye. When she had complained just now, the Tianfeng War Emperor could see that his daughter had been wronged. Luo Tianxing had stood up for Huo Yuner. As her father, when he heard that Liu Zan was still so biased, he was furious.
"Old Huo! You … "The Tianfeng War Emperor's words made Battle Emperor Yu the Great choke.
The Tianfeng War Emperor snorted coldly and ignored Liu Zan. If the four Divine Nations hadn't been in harmony for so many years, he would have attacked Liu Zan on the spot.
The development of the Divine Nation of Yu the Great was indeed eye-catching, but that was only for the younger generation. The Divine Sea Realm experts of the other Divine Nations hadn't changed much. If they were to fall out, the Tianfeng War Emperor and Zhou Huang wouldn't lose to Liu Zan.
The Tianfeng War Emperor turned his head and said with a smile, "Luo Tianxing, you have done well. As long as I, Old Huo, am here, no one will dare to touch you. Otherwise, they will be courting death!"
When the Monarchs conversed like this, they didn't leave any face for each other.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded. He replied, "Luo Tianxing thanks the Tianfeng War Emperor!"
"Well said, well said. I have to thank you on behalf of Huo Yuner!" The Tianfeng War Emperor looked at Luo Zheng from head to toe. The more he looked, the more satisfied he was.
Luo Zheng didn't want to stay here any longer. He said to Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor, "Monarchs, I still have to go mine. Excuse me …"
Before this, Luo Zheng had been holding the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand. The Black Star Pickaxe looked too ordinary. From afar, it looked like a black hammer. But when Luo Zheng turned around, the Divine Sea Realm experts' gazes were focused on Luo Zheng's hand. All of the Divine Sea Realm experts, including Liu Zan, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom Monarch, had puzzled expressions on their faces.
The pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand seemed somewhat familiar.
In fact, these Monarchs had researched the Black Star Pickaxe and had tried to take it out. Therefore, the Black Star Pickaxe had left a deep impression on them.
But subconsciously, they felt that the Black Star Pickaxe was impossible to take out.
Who could take out something that even Spirit Sea Realm warriors like them couldn't take out? Therefore, even though they thought that the Black Star Pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand was very familiar, they didn't immediately recognize it. This was because they didn't think that Luo Zheng would really take the Black Star Pickaxe.
Liu Zan's gloomy eyes stared at the pickaxe. His eyes flickered and fell on the three divine patterns on the pickaxe's head. Ten-star divine pattern … Black Star Pickaxe? In Luo Zheng's hand?
What was going on?
At the same time, the Divine Sea Realm experts had the same question in their minds.
＝＝＝＝＝