They weren't sure if the pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand was the Blackstar Pickaxe that was sealed in the Golden Leaf.
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great was the first to react.
The reason was simple. A god-tier genius from the Divine Kingdom of Yu the Great reacted quickly. When he saw all the Divine Sea Realm cultivators looking at Luo Zheng's hand, he immediately used his True Yuan to inform Liu Zan.
When Liu Zan saw the black pickaxe, he was already very suspicious. However, he wasn't sure. He couldn't believe that Luo Zheng had taken the Blackstar Pickaxe. However, after the god-tier genius' reminder, he didn't hesitate anymore.
Before the Divine Sea Realm cultivators could make a move, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's body flashed. In an instant, he was right next to Luo Zheng!
Liu Zan's speed was extremely fast. When Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor reacted, the pickaxe had already appeared in Battle Emperor Yu the Great's hand. His face was filled with joy.
Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the pyramid and looked at the overjoyed Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He almost rolled his eyes.
He didn't resist Battle Emperor Yu the Great. If he did, Battle Emperor Yu the Great wouldn't be able to take the Blackstar Pickaxe away so easily. Especially when Luo Zheng had used the power of 4,000 dragon scales. Battle Emperor Yu the Great couldn't take the Blackstar Pickaxe away from him.
However, there was a big gap between Luo Zheng's strength and Battle Emperor Yu the Great's. He didn't want to provoke Battle Emperor Yu the Great too much and force him to attack him.
The most important reason was that this supreme divine weapon had already recognized Luo Zheng as its master. Even if Battle Emperor Yu the Great had this divine weapon, he wouldn't be able to use it …
"The Blackstar Pickaxe! Hahaha! It really is the Blackstar Pickaxe!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great's face was filled with joy as he laughed loudly.
There were many treasures sealed in the top three layers of the mining tree, especially the soul cores. They were extremely important to the four Divine Kingdoms. However, until now, they could only place their hopes on the Ore-Devouring Bugs. However, the bugs rarely climbed to the top layer and devoured the ores there …
If he had this Blackstar Pickaxe, he would be able to mine the top layer of the leaves!
"It's really the Blackstar Pickaxe?"
"How did he get this Blackstar Pickaxe?"
"Luo Tianxing dug out the Black Star Pickaxe from the leaves on level 35? How did he do it?! "
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors had tried to dig out the Black Star Pickaxe, but all of them failed. Now that the pickaxe was confirmed to be the Black Star Pickaxe, how could they not be shocked? Some Divine Sea Realm warriors were so shocked that they were speechless!
"Was it really done by Luo Tianxing?" The Tianfeng War Emperor asked Huo Yuner.
Huo Yuner nodded, "Yes, we saw it with our own eyes. Luo Zheng smashed the Golden Leaf on the 35th floor."
"How … How did he do it?" The Tianfeng War Emperor was starting to regret his decision. If he had known this would happen, he would not have gone to the Dream Secret Realm this year. Instead, he would have gone straight to the Emperor of Feathers Secret Realm. However, the biggest problem was that the Blackstar Pickaxe had fallen into the hands of the Great Yu Battle Emperor!
Because of a little monster, the three Divine Kingdoms had been suppressed by the Yu Dynasty all these years. It was not a good thing for the Blackstar Pickaxe to fall into the hands of this guy.
Zhou Huang frowned. In any case, Luo Zheng was a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. How could Liu Zan steal it? Zhou Huang slowly approached the pyramid. He looked at Liu Zan and said, "Liu Zan, you are the king of a Divine Kingdom. Don't you think it's too much for you to steal something from a junior?"
"Too much? Hmph! Zhou Huang, don't tell me you don't want this thing! " Battle God Yu the Great held the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand, and he couldn't suppress the excitement in his heart. Even the silent Luo Zheng had become extremely adorable in his eyes. It was as if all the grudges between him and Luo Zheng had been written off!
The Heavenly Thunder Combat Halberd was nothing! The Heart Calming Necklace was nothing! Compared to this Blackstar Pickaxe, it was nothing!
The Heart Calming Gem in the Heart Calming Necklace was taken from the stomach of a purple Ores Devouring Insect. With this Blackstar Pickaxe, he would be able to harvest the Heart Calming Gem every year!
More importantly, with this Blackstar Pickaxe, he would be able to harvest the "Soul Cores" on the top floor! Even now, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were still waiting for the "Soul Cores"!
"But this pickaxe was dug out by Luo Tianxing. It originally belonged to Luo Tianxing!" Seeing this, Huo Yuner couldn't hold it in anymore. There was even a hint of anger in her voice.
Why would the Great Yu Battle Emperor care about a junior like Huo Yuner? He was only thinking about the Blackstar Pickaxe. At this moment, the Great Yu Battle Emperor was in the same situation as Luo Zheng when he first obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe. He realized that he couldn't control it. The moment he obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe, the Great Yu Battle Emperor used different methods to try to control it.
He poured his True Essence into it …
He dripped his blood …
He sealed his soul …
He used his senses …
The Black Star Pickaxe was flipped around in Battle King Yu's hands, but none of his methods worked.
Only Luo Zheng had a mocking look on his face as he looked at the Great Yu Battle Emperor. Then, he smiled at Huo Yuner and said, "Yuner, don't be hasty. Some things will belong to whoever they belong to. You can't run away from it!"
Huo Yuner blinked her bright eyes, and a faint smile appeared on her face. Luo Zheng had set up a huge pit to isolate the pickaxe from the outside world. She guessed that the pickaxe had recognized him as its master.
No one knew how Luo Zheng managed to make the Blackstar Pickaxe recognize him as its master. However, the Great Yu Battle Emperor didn't seem to be able to do anything about the Blackstar Pickaxe …
After fiddling with the Blackstar Pickaxe for a while, the Great Yu Battle Emperor's face turned gloomy. This black iron mine was extremely hard to deal with. He couldn't do anything about it. When he heard Luo Zheng's words, he turned to Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng! Did you make the Blackstar Pickaxe recognize you as its master? "
The Emperor's gazes turned to Luo Zheng again. In fact, among the four Emperor's, Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor were the ones who were most happy to have the Blackstar Pickaxe fall into Luo Zheng's hands. As for the Sky Fortune Kingdom's Emperor, he didn't say anything. He was probably neutral.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and nodded calmly. "Yes, so what?"
"Hand over the method! Otherwise, I'll take your life! " The Great Yu Battle Emperor didn't know how Luo Zheng managed to make the Blackstar Pickaxe recognize him as its master. However, he had to obtain the method no matter what.
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "How interesting. I dug this Blackstar Pickaxe out from the 35th floor and it recognized me as its master. Now that you've snatched it from me, you expect me to tell you how to make it recognize you as its master? Aren't you too naive and childish? You're the Emperor of a Divine Kingdom. It's rare for you to be this shameless! "
The Great Yu Battle Emperor's expression didn't change. After all, this supreme artifact was far too important. He hesitated for a moment and hesitated.
Should he attack Luo Zheng directly?
Old Huo and Zhou Huang definitely wouldn't agree. Threats wouldn't work on this kid. After thinking for a while, the Great Yu Battle Emperor said, "If you tell me how to make it recognize me as its master, the Great Yu Divine Kingdom will fulfill your lifelong wish! We'll nurture you with all our resources. All the martial residences and secret cultivation grounds will be open to you! "
Since threats didn't work, the Great Yu Battle Emperor could only lure him with benefits.
After hearing this, Zhou Huang couldn't help but roll his eyes. Did Liu Zan think that Luo Zheng was a three-year-old kid? Whatever the Great Yu Divine Kingdom could give Luo Zheng, the Black Iron Divine Kingdom could do the same. Even if there was a difference, it wouldn't be that big. Why would Luo Zheng give up on a supreme artifact?
Zhou Huang opened his mouth and said, "Liu Zan, return it to Luo Zheng. Since the Blackstar Pickaxe has recognized him as its master, we can ask Luo Zheng to help us extract soul cores."
"Hmph, I'm a Battle Emperor. Why would I need a kid's help?" Liu Zan wasn't willing to return the Blackstar Pickaxe.
"Boom …"
Raging flames suddenly burst out from under the feet of the bad-tempered Tianfeng War Emperor. Every flame transformed into a nimble Fire Bird and circled around the War Emperor. This was the War Emperor's Domain. "Fire Bird Domain!"
"You don't need Luo Zheng's help, but we do! Everyone has been giving you face all these years, but you're becoming more and more arrogant! I would rather let this Blackstar Pickaxe fall into the hands of an outsider than let you have it! Liu Zan, return the Blackstar Pickaxe to Luo Zheng. Otherwise, we'll fight! "