Because of the Esoteric Sect and the little monster, the three Divine Kingdoms had always tolerated the Yu the Great Divine Kingdom. However, because the four Divine Kingdoms were all under the control of the human race in the Upper Realm, they had been in harmony with each other over the years. It was not an exaggeration to regard the entire Divine Kingdom as one force.
This time, the Tianfeng War Emperor was angry because he couldn't stand it anymore. Of course, one of the reasons was because of Huo Yuner. How could he not see that Huo Yuner was actually very concerned about Luo Zheng?
"He's going to get serious!"
"This is the second time. The four Divine Kingdoms haven't had any conflicts for a long time …"
"Will the Battle Emperor Yu the Great make a move?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor's domain spread out and waves of heat spread out. It was obvious that he was going to make a move.
At this moment, Zhou Huang said indifferently, "Liu Zan, since you can't control the Black Star Pickaxe, you should return it to Luo Zheng!"
The King of Sky Fortune Kingdom also took a step forward and stood beside Zhou Huang. This time, it seemed that no one was on the side of the Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
The Battle Emperor Yu the Great's eyes revealed a trace of coldness. However, he still didn't return the Black Star Pickaxe to Luo Zheng. Instead, his figure flashed and he rushed towards the pyramid.
He still didn't give up.
Even if he couldn't control the Black Star Pickaxe, he still wanted to try. After all, it was a supreme artifact. The pickaxe's strength should be much stronger than a saint artifact.
Seeing the Battle Emperor Yu the Great rush towards the 45th floor of the pyramid, the three Kings sighed. The Tianfeng War Emperor said, "Forget it. If he wants to try, then let him try."
After the Battle Emperor Yu the Great entered the narrow door of the 45th floor, he fell onto a leaf on the 45th floor.
There was a purple Ore Devouring Bug resting on the leaf. When it saw the Battle Emperor Yu the Great enter, it flapped its wings and flew towards him.
However, before the purple Ore Devouring Bug could get close to the Battle Emperor Yu the Great, he punched out. An invisible wave spread out and the purple Ore Devouring Bug was sent flying by the Battle Emperor Yu the Great's strength.
If it was in the past, the Battle Emperor Yu the Great would have been interested in catching the purple Ore Devouring Bug. However, now that he had the Black Star Pickaxe, he couldn't be bothered with it.
After chasing the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs away, he took two steps forward and raised the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand. His eyes flashed with a hint of ruthlessness as he smashed the pickaxe down heavily.
"Break!"
Within the Divine Sense Sea within his body, waves of turbulent waves surged, and the power produced by his true essence instantly erupted!
....
As the Black Star Pickaxe smashed into the leaf, the huge force caused the entire tree to shake.
That azure leaf was still as smooth as a mirror, without the slightest crack ….
........
.....
.....
"Tsk …"
....
................. pick..... of's... pick.............. pick......... Pick..... pick '......... Pick'....................... of.....................
On the forty-fifth level of the leaf, there was a law of karma.
This law of karma was the law of absolute defense.
Because of this law of karma, it was impossible to break it with brute force. It wasn't because the Battle Emperor Yu the Great wasn't strong enough. It was because of the law of karma.
The Black Star Pickaxe had the law of karma. Most importantly, the law of karma of the Black Star Pickaxe was stronger than the law of karma of the leaf. If the two laws of karma were to fight, the Black Star Pickaxe would definitely win.
Unfortunately, the Battle Emperor Yu the Great couldn't control the Black Star Pickaxe. Similarly, he couldn't activate the law of karma of the Black Star Pickaxe.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's heart was in turmoil.
He gritted his teeth and sighed in his heart. "Forget it. This thing isn't meant to be in my life."
He jumped down from the leaf and landed in the circle of light. Soon, he appeared at the side of the pyramid.
Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor looked at each other when they saw Battle Emperor Yu the Great's gloomy expression. Both of them smiled knowingly.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great grabbed the Black Star Pickaxe and leaped over. He glared at Luo Zheng and snorted. He waved his right hand and the Black Star Pickaxe flew toward Luo Zheng with a sharp whistling sound. It was obvious that the Black Star Pickaxe was imbued with a powerful force.
"Luo Tianxing, be careful!" Huo Yuner hurriedly reminded him when she saw the Black Star Pickaxe flying toward him.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and the power of the dragon scales surged out of his body. In an instant, the power of three thousand dragon scales gathered on his body. He had a faint smile on his face. He stretched out two fingers and easily caught the Black Star Pickaxe.
Seeing this, the expressions of the Divine Ocean Realm experts changed several times.
Everyone could clearly see that the power of Battle Emperor Yu the Great was not small. Even they had to use all of their strength to catch the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, Luo Zheng lifted it as if it were nothing! He caught the Black Star Pickaxe with just two fingers. This kid … How strong was he?
After catching the Black Star Pickaxe, Luo Zheng smiled and focused on climbing to the top of the pyramid.
When the Divine Ocean Realm experts saw Luo Zheng enter the pyramid, they all flew up and followed Luo Zheng through the narrow door.
As for Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, Yan Wang, and Yue Ying, the Divine Ocean Realm geniuses, of course, they followed behind. Although there was the threat of the Purple Ore Devouring Bugs on the top floor, with so many Divine Ocean Realm experts in the mining tree, the threat was not great.
Luo Zheng did not enter the top floor. Instead, he went straight to the 45th floor. The first ore he needed was the Life Crystal on the 45th floor. The Life Crystal contained the power of life. He only needed one to save Ning Yudie.
The moment Luo Zheng stood on the 45th floor, many Divine Ocean Realm experts also entered. They stood on the leaves on the 45th floor, 46th floor, and the top floor!
The leaves on the 45th floor, 46th floor, and 47th floor did not contain many ores. However, almost all of them were rare treasures. Each of the ores could be used as a material for a Quasi Divine Artifact, or even a Divine Artifact …
Luo Zheng took two steps on the wide leaf and found the Life Crystal!
In order to get the Life Crystal, Luo Zheng spent a lot of effort. After wandering around for a long time, he finally came here with the Black Star Pickaxe. A touch of excitement gradually appeared on his face.
"This Luo Zheng needed the Life Origin Stone from the beginning. Now, he wants to dig out the Life Crystal. It seems that this thing is really important to him …"
"Does he have a family member who is dying and needs the Life Crystal to keep them alive?"
"I'm not sure. He is not from the four Divine Kingdoms."
"I wonder if the Black Star Pickaxe can really open the leaf …"
"I'm a bit doubtful. Although the Black Star Pickaxe is known as a Supreme Divine Artifact, no one has seen its power!"
The Divine Ocean Realm experts discussed animatedly on the leaf. Their eyes were full of expectation.
To put it bluntly, the top three floors of the tree were transparent treasure chests! However, for so many years, they had not been able to get the key to the treasure chest. Now, the key was in Luo Zheng's hands. Everyone hoped that Luo Zheng could open the treasure chest.
"This time, I will succeed!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He gently knocked the pickaxe in his hand toward the azure leaf.
He did not use too much strength, but as Luo Zheng waved the pickaxe, a mysterious power spread out! This was the power of the law of cause and effect!
"Ding …"
When the Divine Ocean Realm experts saw this power, they all took a deep breath!
This power was not fancy. In fact, it was extremely simple. However, it gave the Divine Ocean Realm experts a feeling that they could not defend against this power at all! That power seemed to be able to penetrate everything.
The moment the Black Star Pickaxe hit the leaf, an invisible power cracked the leaf at the same time! This invisible power was the law of cause and effect that hid the absolute defense on the leaf!
When the two laws of cause and effect clashed, the law of cause and effect on the Black Star Pickaxe had the absolute advantage!