"Clang, clang …"
Cracks continuously spread on the azure leaf, and Life Crystals shot out one after another!
Luo Zheng smiled and waved his hand. The Life Crystals were all stored in Luo Zheng's ring.
When Luo Zheng first obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe, he was a little disappointed. However, since it was a pickaxe, it was meant to be used as a pickaxe.
After obtaining the Life Crystal, Luo Zheng's most important goal for this trip could be considered accomplished.
However, it wasn't easy to obtain the Blackstar Pickaxe. Naturally, he would dig for more ores …
Just as Luo Zheng stood on the leaf and looked for his next target, he heard Zhou Huang's polite voice. "Tianxing, since you obtained the Blackstar Pickaxe, I have something to ask of you!"
In fact, all the Divine Sea Realm cultivators wanted to ask Luo Zheng, but Zhou Huang was the one who was most qualified to ask.
Zhou Huang had helped Luo Zheng a lot of trouble. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was in Zhou Huang's territory. Now that Zhou Huang asked, how could Luo Zheng refuse?
"Monarch, feel free to ask. I, Luo Zheng, will naturally not refuse if I can do it." Luo Zheng nodded and said with a very respectful expression.
Zhou Huang nodded happily. Luo Zheng really treated him like a monarch. What came next was much easier. "In order for the four Divine Kingdoms to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, we all need a type of ore from this leaf. It's called …"
"Soul cores, right?" Luo Zheng had heard King Yan mention it before. He immediately guessed what it was.
"Yes, there's a soul core about three meters to the left of your feet!" Zhou Huang said with a smile. His tone was very polite.
There were many soul cores on the 45th, 46th, and 47th level. However, after so many years, they could only place their hopes on the purple Ore Devouring Bugs. Over the years, the four Divine Kingdoms had only obtained about a hundred soul cores!
It would be fine if these soul cores could be used all the time. However, there would be wear and tear in the process of using them. For example, only thirty-six soul cores could be used this year!
In order to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, one must use a Soul Core to possess the corpse of a member of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. However, the Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the four Divine Kingdoms had been there for so many years. How could that be enough? As a result, the four Divine Kingdoms would argue over the distribution of soul cores every year!
Perhaps there was no need to compete this year …
All the Spirit Sea Realm warriors had the same thought. Everything was thanks to this little guy in the False Tribulation Realm!
Following Zhou Huang's instructions, Luo Zheng moved his feet and found a round ore. The shape of this ore was very unique. It was perfectly round, and it was contracting time and time again, as if it was a small heart beating.
"Is this a soul core? If I can get this, I will be qualified to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. "Luo Zheng's eyes sparkled. If he had the chance to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, Luo Zheng had promised to help Qinglong get the Ancestral Dragon egg.
With that thought in mind, Luo Zheng waved his pickaxe and easily broke the leaf into pieces. He then retrieved the soul core from the leaf.
Many Divine Sea Realm cultivators beamed at this sight. Seeing this, Zhou Huang said, "Everyone, hurry up and look around. Record down the Soul Cores under your feet. I'm afraid we'll have to trouble Tian Xing next!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng said, "Wait, Monarch, I have a request."
Zhou Huang smiled and said, "Tianxing, please say it!"
"Can I join the trip to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Liu Zan, who was in the corner, suddenly said coldly, "The Heavenly Star Secret Realm is the most important place in the four Divine Kingdoms. You are an outsider. How can we let you in?"
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors had strange expressions on their faces. Ever since they found the way to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, no one below the Divine Sea Realm had ever entered. Luo Zheng's request was indeed against the rules …
However, before Zhou Huang could speak, the Sky Fortune King, who had been silent all this time, said, "Tianxing is not an outsider. He is a member of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. In the past, the number of soul cores we had was limited. Now that we have Tianxing's help, we don't have to be afraid of more people!"
Hearing the Sky Fortune King's words, Zhou Huang also said, "That's right. The number of soul cores in these three levels is probably more than 200. With Tianxing, it won't be a lot!"
Battle Emperor Da Yu snorted. Under everyone's opposition, he had no other choice. Besides, he was counting on Luo Zheng to dig out the soul cores!
Since the Monarchs had agreed, Luo Zheng naturally became busy.
He kept falling from the leaf and entering the narrow door.
"There are soul cores here! On the 46th floor … "
"I have three on this leaf!"
"If you're done, then come over. I have two here too …"
Soul cores were constantly being dug out by Luo Zheng. While digging out the soul cores, Luo Zheng didn't forget to dig out the other ores. The ores on these three levels were all extremely valuable. Luo Zheng took them one by one!
The Divine Sea Realm warriors anxiously watched as Luo Zheng took away the precious ores. They wanted to ask Luo Zheng for them, but they didn't know how to ask.
Luo Zheng had already made up his mind. Luo Zheng only wanted one soul core. As for the other ores, if they wanted them, Luo Zheng could give them to them. After all, he was only a Void Tribulation Realm warrior. If he wanted to establish himself in the Divine Kingdom, he had to befriend these Battle Emperors. They couldn't just watch as Luo Zheng dug out their treasures! Even if they couldn't dig it out themselves …
Luo Zheng kept moving back and forth. Luo Zheng broke the leaves on these three levels one by one, and the ores were also taken out one by one. However, when Luo Zheng reached the top and began to dig out the three leaves on the top floor, his eyes were fixed on the delicate flower on the top floor!
When Luo Zheng was on the 45th floor, he had already observed this magical flower. Without a doubt, this flower should be the crystal of this ore tree …
"Break it open, Luo Zheng." Qinglong's voice rang out.
"This flower …" Luo Zheng looked at it for a while.
Qinglong laughed, "This is the Calamity Flower of the Tree of Earth."
"Calamity Flower? What kind of name is that? "Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This flower was so beautiful, but its name was strange.
"This Calamity Flower can increase the power of the Heavenly Tribulation. It can increase the power of the Life or Death Tribulation to the maximum," Qinglong answered.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes were full of astonishment, "Increase the power of the Life or Death Tribulation?"
Starting from the Life or Death Realm, warriors couldn't avoid the Life or Death Tribulation. In other words, the minor Heavenly Tribulation mentioned by Xun could only be achieved after several Heavenly Tribulations! However, most Life or Death Realm warriors were destined to die in this Life or Death Tribulation!
The number of Life and Death Realm warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms was innumerable, and could be counted in the tens of thousands. If the Life and Death Realm warriors that had lived for tens of thousands of years were counted, the number would be countless times more. But how many of them had reached the Spirit Sea Realm?
Ninety-nine percent of the Life or Death Realm warriors eventually died in the Life or Death Tribulation!
Everyone was afraid that the Life or Death Tribulation was too difficult, but this Calamity Flower could really increase the difficulty of the Life or Death Tribulation? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Qinglong said indifferently, "In the lower world, the Life or Death Realm can be used to ascend after reaching the Life or Death Realm. However, in the big world, the Life or Death Realm is a new beginning. It's the first step of a warrior's journey! The Life or Death Minor Tribulation is not only a tribulation, but also a baptism for the warrior! Whether it's the True Dragon World or other big worlds, the Life or Death Minor Tribulation is the most important thing! The more Minor Tribulations one passes, the more potential one has in the future! "
Warriors who reached the Life or Death Realm after going through five or six Minor Tribulations were considered the bottom class in the upper world!
Warriors who reached the Life or Death Realm after going through seven Minor Tribulations could only be considered second-class.
Among the many forces, warriors who could go through eight Minor Tribulations were enough to enter the top class. They were worthy of being nurtured by the big forces.
As for warriors who went through nine Minor Tribulations, they were the top class! After all, this kind of character would shake the world in the future and become the favorite of this era. In a big clan, perhaps only five or six of them would be born in ten million years …
Hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng felt a chill in his heart. It seemed that there were no heaven-grade geniuses in the upper world. With the division of God-grade geniuses and the means of the big clans in the upper world, it was very simple to let a warrior break through to the Life or Death Realm. However, the Heavenly Tribulation was very influential and could be changed!
"If that's the case, the upper world should also pay attention to this Calamity Flower?" Luo Zheng asked.
Qinglong smiled faintly, "The upper world doesn't have a Tree of Earth. This Calamity Flower can be considered a benefit for you lower world warriors!"
＝＝＝＝＝