Many big worlds were rich in resources, whether it was cultivation methods, inheritances, or the vastness of the world.
Therefore, on the path of cultivation, warriors from the lower worlds were far from comparable to those from the upper worlds.
In the eyes of the warriors from the upper worlds, those from the lower worlds were nothing more than country bumpkins from the remote mountains. Only a few of them could advance to the upper worlds!
However, this world was relatively fair. Although the upper worlds had their advantages, the warriors from the lower worlds also had their own unique advantages. For example, the competition was not as fierce.
Like the Calamity Flower, which increased the difficulty of crossing the tribulation, warriors from the lower worlds might avoid it. However, those powerful warriors from the Life and Death Realm were hoping to enter the Spirit Sea Realm after several tribulations! How could they be willing to increase the difficulty of crossing the tribulation?
However, for warriors from the upper worlds, the Calamity Flower was an absolute treasure. Even a Divine Artifact was not as valuable as the Calamity Flower.
Luo Zheng was destined to not be limited to a small lower world. Therefore, from the False Tribulation Realm to the Life and Death Realm, he had to build a foundation from now on.
However, the more powerful a warrior was, the more difficult the tribulation would be. Ning Yudie cultivated the Nine Transformation Technique, so her strength was far beyond warriors of the same realm. Therefore, when Ning Yudie broke through the False Tribulation Realm and reached the Life and Death Realm, the minor tribulation she encountered was unprecedentedly powerful. Even the rare Nightmare Tribulation came down.
Luo Zheng was only in the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm. His physical strength was comparable to that of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior. If a Spirit Sea Realm warrior did not use his Realm to restrict Luo Zheng, then Luo Zheng would be invincible in this world!
If he wanted to reach the Life and Death Realm, the difficulty was already unimaginable. If he added the Calamity Flower …
Luo Zheng looked at the beautiful Calamity Flower without hesitation. He walked over and smashed the Calamity Flower with the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand!
An invisible force suddenly erupted from the Black Star Pickaxe. Luo Zheng did not know if there was anything in the Upper World that could block the Black Star Pickaxe, but in this Great Thousand World, there was probably nothing that could block it. The law of causality was too overbearing.
"Clang!"
Under Luo Zheng's attack, the flower suddenly shattered. The polygonal petals were like glass, shattering into countless tiny pieces, revealing a small part of the flower's stamen.
"Pick the stamen and drink the nectar." Qing Long knew the benefits the Calamity Flower could bring to Luo Zheng. Therefore, he hoped that Luo Zheng would make good use of this opportunity.
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors didn't leave. They stood still on the petals and watched this scene. When they smashed the flower open, they were all envious!
The flower at the top of the tree had been blooming for many years. Many Divine Sea Realm experts had tried to guess the function of this flower. However, the flower at the top of the tree was the same as the leaves. They could not pick it. But now, Luo Zheng smashed the flower and took the stamen. How could they not be envious?
Luo Zheng ignored their gazes. The stamen was a column as thick as a wrist. It was similar to the natural crystallization of some ores. However, the center of the column was filled with a light green liquid. When Luo Zheng held it in his hand, he immediately smelled an intoxicating fragrance!
"It smells so good!" Luo Zheng praised. Then, he put the stamen near his mouth and poured the light green liquid into his mouth.
When the light green liquid entered his mouth, Luo Zheng felt a strong burning sensation. The burning sensation spread from his mouth to his throat, then to his chest, and finally to his stomach! It was as if a flame was poured into his body!
Luo Zheng could endure the burning sensation. However, what followed was extremely uncomfortable! He felt as if all of his internal organs were burning, and an intense pain came from his stomach! At the same time, the True Essence in his Dantian and the Vital Spirit in the Baihui Stage were almost out of control!
The intense pain was countless times worse than what Luo Zheng had experienced when he was forging his body. Even though Luo Zheng tried his best to endure the pain, he could not help but let out a low roar!
"Ah …"
The Realm of Oblivion …
Originally, Luo Zheng could easily immerse himself in the Realm of Oblivion. However, because of the pain, he could not even enter the Realm of Oblivion. He could only roll around on the broad leaf!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, who was standing on another leaf, sneered. "How dare you eat it when you don't know what it is! You deserve it! "
However, apart from Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang and the others also looked worried. They didn't know whether the flower was poisonous or not. What if it was poisonous? What if it was?
Luo Zheng rolled down from the leaf and fell straight down.
When the other people in the mining tree saw Luo Zheng fall, they all left the leaf.
As the light circle flashed, Luo Zheng's figure appeared on the side of the pyramid again. The pain in his abdomen became more and more intense. Luo Zheng's body twisted more and more. Fortunately, his body was very strong. Under the continuous rolling, his body was not injured at all. However, the ground was full of holes …
"Luo Tianxing, what's wrong?" Huo Yuner and the others saw Luo Zheng's actions. Together with King Yan, Huo Chen, and the others, they gathered around.
King Yan frowned and said, "Could he have been poisoned?"
Huo Yuner shook her head and said, "That's impossible. Even the Dragon Arsenic could not do anything to Luo Zheng. What other poison can cause Luo Zheng such pain?"
At this moment, Zhou Huang, who had just left the mining tree, answered, "He swallowed the stamen of the flower at the top of the mining tree. However, I don't know why he has such a strong reaction!"
"I think the stamen is one of the most poisonous things in the world. Anyone who consumes it will die. This fellow deserves it." Battle Emperor Yu the Great continued Zhou Huang's words.
When the Tianfeng War Emperor heard this, he said coldly, "Even if Luo Zheng dies, you don't know how to control the Black Star Pickaxe. No one in the four Divine Kingdoms can mine. What are we going to do in the future?"
This year, they had mined enough soul cores with Luo Zheng's help. However, soul cores would be depleted. As long as the four Divine Kingdoms did not control the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, they would not be able to live without soul cores. If these soul cores were slowly depleted, wouldn't they have to go back to catching Ores Devouring Bugs? In this way, they would only be able to obtain one soul core after several years. The most ridiculous time was when they did not obtain a single soul core for nine years!
"Hmph, there are so many soul cores this year. The four Divine Kingdoms have already occupied the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. In the future, we won't need any more soul cores!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was speechless. He could only defend himself like this.
Just as the few Divine Sea Realm experts were discussing, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped rolling. Then, the aura coming from Luo Zheng's body became significantly stronger!
"Eh? Luo Tianxing's aura has become stronger! "One of the Divine Sea Realm experts said.
"He should have broken through. He is now in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm!" another person said.
"He actually broke through at this critical moment …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's pain had indeed disappeared. However, the True Yuan in his lower abdomen had condensed into an unprecedented form! After the True Yuan was extremely compressed, the gas-like True Yuan began to liquefy!
Only Life and Death Realm experts could gradually liquefy their True Yuan! In other words, after Luo Zheng entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he began to directly break through the bottleneck of the Life and Death Realm!
The True Yuan in Luo Zheng's Dantian was continuously compressed, and the speed at which it flowed also became slower and slower …
For most Life and Death Realm experts, the process of liquefying their True Yuan was extremely slow. Moreover, the liquefied True Yuan flowed like water. However, as Luo Zheng's True Yuan continued to liquefy, it became more and more viscous. It was as viscous as glue.
"Circulating my True Yuan is so strenuous! It seems to be solidifying … "Luo Zheng frowned as he lay on the ground.
Who knew that Qinglong would say with a face full of shock, "True Yuan solidifying, this … Life and Death Realm experts are actually solidifying!"
When Luo Zheng heard Qinglong's words, a strange expression appeared on his face. "True Yuan solidifying? What do you mean? "