Normally, when a martial artist liquefied their true essence in the Life and Death Realm, they would be able to store even more true essence in their dantian! But after reaching the Divine Sea Realm, they would be able to open up their own world, and their dantian would be like a vast ocean.
And after reaching a higher level, that vast ocean could even give birth to life. Those life forms could even multiply, give birth to civilizations, and even cultivate!
It was at this time that the liquefied true essence would slowly solidify, forming continents within the Divine Sea.
Logically speaking, with Luo Zheng's current cultivation, he was still far from solidifying his true essence. But, his true essence had already begun to solidify!
How could Qinglong not be surprised by this?
Even Azure Dragon, who was known for his vast knowledge, had no idea what was going on!
As the true essence within Luo Zheng's body gradually solidified, it began to rotate slower and slower. It was at this time that a dark cloud suddenly appeared in the sky!
"The sky is clear for thousands of miles. How could such a dark cloud appear out of nowhere!?"
"It's really strange. How could the sky change color so quickly?"
"That dark cloud is expanding! It's expanding so quickly! "
Everyone looked up at the strange phenomenon that had appeared in the sky.
In the originally clear blue sky, a small dark cloud suddenly appeared. That dark cloud was like a drop of ink in a pool of clear water. It began to expand at an unbelievable speed. In the blink of an eye, the entire dark cloud had covered Feather Emperor Island!
A moment ago, it was still daytime. In the next moment, dark clouds covered the sky. Everyone felt as if they were in the middle of a dark night. And that dark cloud was still rapidly expanding!
After ten breaths of time, the dark cloud had covered the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean …
After an incense stick of time, the dark cloud had covered the entire continent of the Divine Kingdoms …
The vast lands of the four Divine Kingdoms were plunged into darkness. All the major cities and towns in the Divine Kingdoms lit up their oil lamps. Some of the older generation were muttering to themselves as they looked at the sky, praying that the gods wouldn't descend upon them …
Luo Zheng stared at the pitch-black sky. Suddenly, he felt a strong sense of malice! This was the malice of the heavens!
"Is this my first minor heavenly tribulation?"
Luo Zheng had experienced a minor heavenly tribulation before. When Ning Yudie underwent her heavenly tribulation, there was also a huge heavenly phenomenon. However, it only covered the area above the Cloud Hall. The dark cloud before him was so vast that one couldn't see the end of it. It was easy to imagine the power of Luo Zheng's minor heavenly tribulation!
"What a powerful aura! This is Luo Tianxing's Life and Death tribulation!" Zhou Huang sighed, "This aura to surpass my tribulation!"
Seeing this scene, the Tianfeng War Emperor sighed. "Look at this momentum. How can Luo Tianxing survive this?"
After breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, the warriors would be warned and rejected by the Heavenly Dao, and the Heavenly Tribulations would fall one after another. No matter if it was the Life and Death Realm or the Spirit Sea Realm, or even higher realms, there would be different Heavenly Tribulations waiting on them!
............
Everyone knew that Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond his peers. If he reached the Life and Death Realm, the heavenly tribulation he attracted would be even more powerful!
However, no one could imagine that Luo Zheng's heavenly tribulation would be so terrifying. It was beyond the scope of the minor heavenly tribulation of Life and Death Realm. It was even more terrifying than the major heavenly tribulation of Divine Sea Realm experts!
"Rumble …"
A ray of light was suddenly released from the dark clouds. A dragon formed by lightning was constantly circling in the dark clouds. The moment the lightning dragon lit up, the originally dark Divine Kingdom Continent became as bright as day! Everything in the world, mountains, rivers, towns, old people's faces, puppies' fur … were all illuminated at this moment!
However, this ray of light only lasted for a breath's time. In the blink of an eye, the lightning dragon's figure was hidden in the dark clouds again. In the blink of an eye, the world was immersed in darkness again.
"Rumble …"
Another loud sound came. The lightning dragon pierced through the sky again. The ray of light flickered again. It was so bright that it almost blinded the eyes of all living creatures...
. Some mortals in the towns knelt down under the lead of their clansmen. They prayed to the sky, hoping that Heaven would forgive their sins and purify their souls.
Looking at this horrifying power, Luo Zheng swallowed his saliva. There was even a trace of fear on his face! He even regretted swallowing the nectar in the stamen of the Calamity Flower.
It would be a lie if he said he wasn't afraid. Even those Divine Sea Realm experts were frightened by this level of power!
This minor heavenly tribulation was not targeted at them, but it still made them fearful. Luo Zheng was the main character of this heavenly tribulation. This heavenly tribulation that was about to descend was targeted at him, so it was natural for him to be afraid!
However, Luo Zheng's fear only lasted for a short while. Then, Luo Zheng clenched his fists. His face was resolute.
This was a heavenly tribulation!
Luo Zheng had no room to retreat. This heavenly tribulation was a baptism for Luo Zheng. It was a step he had to take on the Martial Dao!
Only by taking this step would Luo Zheng be qualified to reach the Life and Death Realm. He would advance step by step toward the Divine Sea Realm and the Upper World.
"Heaven …" Through Xun's information, Luo Zheng already knew that this heavenly tribulation was the heaven. He looked up at the sky and said, "Come!"
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The thunder that resounded throughout the entire Divine Nation Continent became more and more intense. It was like a giant dragon was moving slowly above the dark clouds. It was moving step by step toward Luo Zheng, who was on the Feather Emperor Island.
"Yun 'er, Chen' er, get behind me!" The Tianfeng War Emperor said to Huo Yun 'er and Huo Chen.
At the same time, Zhou Huang also asked King Yan and Zhou Ning to stay close to him.
The power of this heavenly tribulation was too terrifying. Just a trace of it would be enough to kill these Immortal Realm geniuses.
The other Immortal Realm geniuses didn't have the protection of Divine Sea Realm experts, so they could only hide as far away as possible …
"Father, Luo Tianxing will be fine, right?" Huo Yuner asked worriedly when she saw that.
The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't know how to answer this question. If it was an ordinary Immortal Realm genius undergoing a heavenly tribulation, they could make some judgments based on their experience. However, Luo Zheng couldn't be judged by common sense! Even the Tianfeng War Emperor didn't have the confidence to pass this heavenly tribulation. Therefore, the Tianfeng War Emperor couldn't give Huo Yun 'er an optimistic answer.
Seeing that her father didn't say anything, Huo Yun 'er didn't ask any more questions. Everyone had an answer in their heart. Huo Yun' er also knew how difficult this heavenly tribulation was.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great sneered. He thought to himself, "You are indeed a peerless genius! Unfortunately, you are too heaven-defying. If the heavens want you to die, you have to die. How can you resist? "
The other Divine Sea Realm experts were shocked. Luo Zheng was finished …
"Boom!"
Another bolt of lightning pierced through the dark clouds. The lightning dragon was already above Luo Zheng.
It's coming …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He began to extract the vital essence from his dantian bit by bit. Due to the solidification of the vital essence, Luo Zheng found it more difficult to extract the vital essence. The solidified vital essence was difficult to circulate, so he had to get used to it bit by bit! Over time, Luo Zheng's meridians became much thicker than those of ordinary warriors!
"Body-protection vital essence …"
A faint purple vital essence shield enveloped Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Luo Zheng began to spread out his consciousness to communicate with the stars …
"Stellar Battle Body …"
Above the dark clouds, two beams of starlight pierced through the thick clouds and shone on Luo Zheng's body!
"This is starlight! The power of the stars! What kind of cultivation method is Luo Zheng cultivating? " A Divine Sea Realm expert was surprised. This Divine Sea Realm expert was a warrior who visualized the stars. However, no matter how hard he visualized, no matter how realistic the stars were, he couldn't trigger the starlight! He couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng did it. How could he trigger the stars that were billions of miles away? This was simply too miraculous!
Looking at the starlight on Luo Zheng's body, many Divine Sea Realm experts were speechless. When the West Dragon River changed, they thought Luo Zheng had shown all his strength. But now, it seemed that Luo Zheng still had a huge trump card hidden in his body …