Even though Luo Zheng used his True Essence to protect his body and activated his Starry Combat Body, he didn't feel at ease at all. His eyes were still full of coldness.
Previously, when Ning Yudie was going through her Life and Death Tribulation, the first wave of Thunder Tribulation was the weakest. However, the following waves of Heavenly Tribulations were each stronger than the last!
Now, the first wave of Thunder Tribulation was already so terrifying. What about the following waves of Heavenly Tribulations?
Luo Zheng didn't dare to imagine and didn't want to think about it!
Even if he couldn't avoid it, he could only deal with it as it came!
When the Lightning Dragon was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng, the dark clouds above his head suddenly rotated slowly. In the process of rotation, a hole appeared in the center! A ray of sunlight strangely shone through the hole. This scene was very bizarre!
However, that ray of sunlight only lasted for a blink of an eye. Then, it was covered by a blazing white light. Soon, a dragon claw formed by lightning stretched out from the hole!
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors looked at the huge dragon claw. Their eyes flashed and their hearts were filled with awe.
When the dragon claw reached out from the hole, it suddenly tore!
The thick layer of dark clouds was directly torn apart. However, in the eyes of the onlookers, it was as if the sky was directly torn apart!
Then, the real body of the Lightning Dragon finally appeared below the clouds. The blazing white dragon head formed by lightning suddenly roared at Luo Zheng!
"Roar!"
Then, the Lightning Dragon's body flashed with the light of lightning. Then, there was another huge roar!
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. The more it was like this, the calmer Luo Zheng's mind became. The slightly flustered look on his face became calmer and calmer. He opened his dry lips and said softly, "Come on!"
"Boom!"
After a flash of lightning, the Lightning Dragon circled in the air and then swooped down at Luo Zheng!
This lightning dragon was as big as a mountain range! However, the moment it rushed down, its body shrank rapidly. However, shrinking did not mean that its power had weakened. Instead, the power of this lightning dragon was constantly increasing!
"The Heavenly Tribulation is a tribulation from the heavens. It cannot be avoided. The only thing I can do is to resist this dragon …"
As the Lightning Dragon rapidly approached, Luo Zheng suddenly stood up from the ground. At the same time, an astonishing aura erupted from his body!
"It's just lightning transforming into a dragon. What a pretentious act! It's far from a true dragon! "
The power continued to flow into Luo Zheng's body.
One thousand pieces …
Two thousand …
Three thousand pieces …
Four thousand …
The limit of Luo Zheng's body should be the strength of five thousand dragon scales! However, if he were to activate the power of the five thousand dragon scales, his body would not be able to withstand it. Instead, it would be easy for him to get injured!
This Minor Heavenly Tribulation was not limited to one wave. Getting injured now would not be a good thing. Therefore, even if Luo Zheng was facing this Lightning Dragon, he had no choice but to advance!
The power of four thousand dragon scales poured into Luo Zheng's body. Suddenly, all the bones in his body made cracking sounds. His entire body suddenly doubled in size. Luo Zheng was like a giant. He stood in place, facing the Lightning Dragon in the sky alone!
Compared to other humans, Luo Zheng's body was more than twice as big. However, compared to the Lightning Dragon that was rapidly descending from the sky, Luo Zheng was as small as an ant.
The Lightning Dragon rapidly descended, and the distance between it and Luo Zheng was rapidly closing.
Ten thousand feet, one hundred feet, one hundred feet!
At this moment, the Lightning Dragon suddenly opened its bloody mouth, wanting to swallow Luo Zheng in one gulp!
Luo Zheng did not advance. Instead, he retreated. Instead, he suddenly leaped and charged towards the Lightning Dragon!
Seeing this scene, Huo Yuner covered her mouth with her hand. Her face was filled with worry. However, the Tianfeng War Emperor softly said, "Good! You have guts! You dare to face difficulties head-on! "
When a martial artist cultivated, regardless of whether they followed the Heavenly Dao's rules or established their own rules to resist the Heavenly Dao, they had to cross this hurdle.
The Heavenly Dao was the nightmare that lay above every martial artist's head!
If he wanted to become stronger, if he wanted to step onto a higher peak of martial arts, he could not relax the momentum in his heart no matter what. Even if he had to face a calamity from the heavens, he had to grit his teeth and go against it!
The moment Luo Zheng pounced towards the Lightning Dragon, the Protective True Yuan on his body instantly collapsed!
Normally, a martial artist's Protective True Yuan wouldn't be particularly strong. Luo Zheng also didn't practice any cultivation methods related to Heavenly Dao. Facing this level of Heavenly Dao tribulation, his Protective True Yuan was instantly shattered!
After the Lightning Dragon broke apart Luo Zheng's Protective True Yuan, it wanted to continue pouring into Luo Zheng's body. But this time, it was blocked by the two starlights on Luo Zheng's body.
The 'Stellar Combat Body' was a transcendent divine might. Even though Luo Zheng had only cultivated to the second form, the might it displayed could not be underestimated.
"The power of thunder that forms this Lightning Dragon should belong to the power of thunder of the fourth level, close to the fifth level! I fear that the 'Stellar Combat Body' won't be able to resist it … "Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent. At this time, he had already entered a state of complete concentration. There were no distracting thoughts in his mind; he was wholeheartedly resisting this heavenly tribulation.
Beneath the Lightning Dragon's corrosion, the starlight on Luo Zheng's body began to dim at a visible rate. The two stars above the thick dark clouds also began to dim.
Once the starlight disappeared, he could only rely on his mortal body to resist this Lightning Dragon!
Crackle crackle crackle …
Violent arcs of lightning tightly wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. It was like the hands of a death god were caressing Luo Zheng, wanting to drag his life into hell!
Soon, the power of the stars finally disappeared. The two stars on the horizon also disappeared into the clouds.
Then, a bone-piercing pain spread through his body!
Luckily, Luo Zheng's body was extremely tyrannical. If it were an ordinary late False Tribulation realm martial artist, then once they lost the protection of their mortal body, they would have been instantly swallowed up by this powerful Heavenly Dao Tribulation lightning, leaving not even ashes behind!
Even for Luo Zheng, black marks began to appear all over his body. As the dense lightning struck him, his entire body instantly turned pitch black, as if he were a coal miner that had just crawled out of a mine!
"Stop right there!"
Luo Zheng rushed all the way up and arrived at the Lightning Dragon's abdomen. After arriving here, Luo Zheng suddenly stretched his body. At the same time, he released the power of the dragon scales from his body!
The tide-like power was unstoppable. It spread out like an invisible sharp blade, aiming at the Lightning Dragon and chopping down!
In an instant, the Lightning Dragon was split into two halves from the middle!
This scene was extremely shocking in the eyes of many Divine Sea Realm martial artists! It was as if Luo Zheng had really torn a True Dragon into two halves with his bare hands!
Luo Zheng slightly gasped for breath. Then, the two halves of the Lightning Dragon shot out in opposite directions, turning into two smaller Lightning Dragons. Once again, they rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"The Lightning Dragons in this Heavenly Dao Tribulation are immortal. How should I deal with them? I can't rely on my own body to swallow the lightning, right? "Luo Zheng's face was also pitch black, but his eyes were still shining.
The Lightning Dragons didn't give Luo Zheng any time to think. The two Lightning Dragons flanked Luo Zheng from both sides.
"What should I do …" Luo Zheng's face was a bit distressed.
However, at this moment, Qinglong said with a faint smile, "Luo Zheng, have you forgotten your own talent?"
"My talent?" Looking at the two Lightning Dragons getting closer and closer, Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
"You've been baptized by the Law! Your affinity with the Law of Thunder is also the highest … As I said, the Heavenly Dao Tribulation is a tribulation for warriors, but it's also an opportunity! In the Upper World, there are many geniuses who eagerly hope that their Heavenly Dao Tribulation will be stronger! It's for such an opportunity! "Qinglong reminded him.
"An opportunity! To comprehend the Law of Thunder? "Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
Among all the Origin Laws, the Law of Time was the most difficult, followed by the Law of Space. Thunder, Fire, Ice, Metal … these Origin Laws were relatively easier to comprehend!
Because Luo Zheng had been baptized by the Law, he could quickly comprehend even the most difficult Law of Time, let alone the Law of Thunder, which was much easier than the Law of Time.
＝＝＝＝＝