Yes, comprehend the Law of Thunder and control the Law of Thunder! Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
One couldn't blame Luo Zheng for not being able to think straight. Previously, he had put all his efforts into resisting the Heaven's Tribulation! However, he had forgotten that not only could he resist the Heaven's Tribulation, he could even make use of it!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and suddenly sank, avoiding the pincer attack from the two Lightning Dragons. The two Lightning Dragons intertwined with each other and formed the original Lightning Dragon, which rushed towards Luo Zheng's head!
"Crackle …"
During this process, thick lightning bolts spread to the surroundings. Some of the lightning bolts directly hit the ground and were quickly absorbed by the earth. However, some of the lightning bolts went straight for the Divine Sea Realm experts.
All the Divine Sea Realm experts had activated their Protective Zhen Yuan. The lightning bolts were like whips, whipping the Protective Zhen Yuan, causing the light shield to tremble constantly.
"The Law of Thunder …"
Luo Zheng had comprehended the first layer of the Law of Thunder on the True Dragon Clan's obelisk. This was the foundation of Luo Zheng's Law of Thunder!
At this time, Luo Zheng's figure sank rapidly. He also began to carefully observe the Law of Thunder in the Lightning Dragon above his head.
The first layer of the Law of Thunder was destruction …
The second layer was purification, and the third layer was Heaven's Tribulation …
When ordinary warriors advanced to the Life and Death Realm, the Life and Death Tribulation they triggered would often have the third layer of the Law of Thunder. Probably because of this, the third layer of the Law of Thunder was called Heaven's Tribulation!
However, the Lightning Dragon Luo Zheng was facing contained the fourth layer of the Law of Thunder.
He quietly looked at the Lightning Dragon, but his mind was spinning rapidly. The profound Law contained in the dazzling lightning was slowly being unraveled by Luo Zheng!
The higher one's affinity with a Law, the faster one could comprehend the Law. After experiencing the baptism of the Law, it wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to comprehend the high-level Origin Laws. However, the low-level Laws weren't too difficult for him to comprehend!
However, it wasn't easy to comprehend the Law of Thunder in a short period of time. Not to mention, the Lightning Dragon was grabbing Luo Zheng tightly. It swooped down and swallowed Luo Zheng again.
This time, Luo Zheng did not resist at all. He was completely immersed in the world of laws. The laws contained in each bolt of lightning were like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. They were quickly pieced together in Luo Zheng's mind. He wanted to completely control the Thunder Laws contained in the lightning before his body reached its limit!
One breath …
Ten breaths …
Twenty breaths …
The lightning constantly eroded Luo Zheng's body. Even the body of a sacred tool couldn't withstand the lightning strikes. A burnt smell came from his charred body. Luo Zheng's body was scorched by the lightning!
His body couldn't bear it anymore!
Luo Zheng didn't have enough time. Although the fragments of the Law of Thunder from the first layer to the fourth layer were constantly pouring out in his mind, Luo Zheng had already completed one-third of the puzzle in a short period of time. However, his body couldn't bear it anymore. Luo Zheng felt that his body was getting weaker and weaker. If he continued to stand here and let the Lightning Dragon strike him, his body would be destroyed before he could fully comprehend the fourth layer of the Law of Thunder!
No, he couldn't. He originally planned to rely on his own strength to withstand the Lightning Dragon. It seemed that his thinking was too simple!
He sighed softly. A thought flashed through his mind, and he directly activated the Power Transfer!
"Transfer!"
After activating the Power Transfer, Luo Zheng used the entire world to help him bear the power of the lightning.
"Bang …"
In the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, a huge wave suddenly rose up!
After the first wave appeared, it was followed by the second, the third, the fourth … Countless huge waves splashed out and then quietly disappeared.
Luo Zheng had transferred all the power the Lightning Dragon was exerting on his body to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!
With the help of the Power Transfer, Luo Zheng finally had enough time to comprehend the Lightning Dragon's Law of Thunder.
"Half … I've already comprehended the second and third layers of the Law of Thunder!" Luo Zheng didn't look sideways. His eyes were like nails as he stared at the dazzling lightning and crazily absorbed the profound Laws within!
Any Law was harder to comprehend the higher the level. The first, second, and third layers of the Law of Thunder were relatively easy to comprehend. But after reaching the fourth layer, the difficulty of comprehending the Law of Thunder would increase exponentially …
In the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the huge amount of water continued to churn. Waves splashed, and finally, a huge tsunami was formed! The tsunami was hundreds of feet high, and it rushed towards the Feather Emperor Island. If this tsunami rushed over, it would probably drown the entire Feather Emperor Island!
Obviously, the four Divine Kingdoms didn't want to see this happen. Three of the Divine Sea Realm experts saw the tsunami rushing towards them. Their figures flickered, and they directly faced the tsunami!
"Activate the barrier! Block this tsunami! "
"We can't just block it. If we block this tsunami and it bounces back, I'm afraid it will destroy the cities at the edge of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea!"
"Then let's eliminate this tsunami!"
Under the joint efforts of the three Divine Sea Realm warriors, they created two enchantments to isolate the tsunami! The surging power of the tsunami slammed back and forth between the two barriers, and it took a while for it to calm down.
However, just as they eliminated the tsunami, another tsunami formed not far away, and it continued to rush towards the Feather Emperor Island. The three Divine Sea Realm experts could only look at each other and smile bitterly. Once again, they extinguished the tsunami.
In fact, under the protection of the energy transfer technique, Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of the Lightning Tribulation. However, Luo Zheng also knew that his first minor Lightning Tribulation wouldn't be simple. Therefore, he didn't want to use the energy transfer technique to pass the first wave of Lightning Tribulation!
"Crackle …"
The lightning dragon was like a white ribbon, and it tightly wrapped around Luo Zheng. Because there were too many lightning bolts wrapped around Luo Zheng's body, the crowd couldn't see the center clearly. They could only see a blazing white ball of light in the center!
"The fourth layer of Lightning Tribulation … Even I wouldn't be able to survive if I was surrounded by such powerful lightning!" The Tianfeng War Emperor shook his head slightly. "But this Luo Zheng actually lasted for so long!"
"The first wave of Lightning Tribulation hasn't stopped for a long time. There doesn't seem to be a good way to deal with it. I wonder how Luo Zheng will get out of here?" Zhou Huang frowned. Even though Luo Zheng could transfer the energy to the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, the Lightning Dragon's power didn't weaken at all. Was it going to continue like this?
Seeing this scene, the Divine Sea Realm experts could only sigh slightly. They knew that even now, they wouldn't be able to withstand such a horrifying minor Lightning Tribulation, let alone when they were in the False Tribulation Realm … This Luo Tianxing was too monstrous. He actually attracted such a fierce counterattack from the heavens.
An existence that defied the heavens was ultimately not tolerated by the heavens!
Everyone sighed in their hearts. They were pessimistic about Luo Zheng's fate!
However …
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the crowd suddenly realized that something was wrong. The Lightning Dragon's body was slowly shrinking.
"Is this the end of the Lightning Tribulation? But how can it weaken so quickly? "
"The Lightning Dragon's weakening just started. I don't know what's going on!"
"It's really strange. It's as if something is sucking the Lightning Tribulation away!"
Many Divine Sea Realm experts were also puzzled. They could only stare in front of them with puzzled faces. At this moment, Huo Yuner pursed her lips. Her eyes revealed a trace of expectation!
Luo Zheng had exceeded her expectations time and time again. Although she was worried, she was still full of confidence in Luo Zheng. This time, Luo Zheng could do the same thing!
The Lightning Dragon's weakening speed continued to increase. From the size of a mountain, it quickly shrank to the size of a mountain. In the end, it disappeared before everyone's eyes.