The Heavenly Tribulation was a tribulation sent down by the heavens. This lightning dragon belonged to the Heavenly Dao, so it was actually an ownerless object!
After Luo Zheng mastered the fourth level of the Law of Thunder, he began to refine this lightning dragon!
From this perspective, the Heavenly Tribulation was difficult for warriors, but it was also an opportunity to strengthen themselves.
Therefore, from the Life and Death Realm, every Life and Death Tribulation was an experience of life and death. At the same time, it could make one stronger!
Luo Zheng's eyes were surging with lightning. After absorbing the lightning dragon, the electric currents were still running around in Luo Zheng's body. Relying on his control of the Law, Luo Zheng was constantly digesting the power of lightning.
"He swallowed all the Heavenly Tribulation. This Luo Tianxing …"
"This kind of thing has happened before. When Lei Xing broke through to the Divine Sea Realm, didn't he also swallow the Heavenly Tribulation?"
"It's the same. However, when Lei Xing broke through to the Divine Sea Realm, the Law of Thunder in the Heavenly Tribulation was only at the second level. The Heavenly Tribulation in the lightning dragon just now was at the fourth level …"
Those Divine Sea Realm experts were also whispering with envy. Not only did the Heavenly Tribulation not cause much harm to Luo Zheng, but it also benefited Luo Zheng a lot.
"Humph, it's just the first level of the Heavenly Tribulation. The Heavenly Tribulation triggered by this kid is already so terrifying. I wonder what the hell is behind it!" Battle Emperor Yu the Great said coldly.
The dark clouds in the sky began to dissipate layer by layer, revealing a huge hole in the sky. The thick layer of dark clouds was dissipating at a visible speed.
After half an hour, the dark clouds over the entire continent of the Divine Kingdom had completely disappeared. The continent also saw the light again. The Divine Sea Realm experts who suppressed the tsunami also returned to the Feather Emperor Island.
Right at this moment, a golden ray of light shot over from the horizon. Within the ray of light were a dozen figures. The person in the lead wore a Daoist robe and had white eyebrows. It was Daoist White Eyebrows, who had presided over the competition at the West Dragon River!
This White Eyebrows Taoist was a warrior from the Human Clan from the Upper World!
"The Supervisor is here!" Zhou Huang said lightly.
"Luo Tianxing's tribulation attracted you here, right?" After the Tianfeng War Emperor finished speaking, he flew up and greeted the White Brow Daoist. The other Divine Sea Realm experts also saluted the White Brow Daoist respectfully.
White Brow Daoist brought those people to the top of the pyramid and asked in a shrill voice, "Who is transcending the tribulation? It's so powerful! "
The Heavenly Tribulation triggered by Luo Zheng was so powerful that White Brow Taoist thought it was a Spirit Sea Realm warrior who was going through the Heavenly Tribulation here. However, even a Spirit Sea Realm warrior could hardly move such a powerful Thunder Tribulation! That was why White Brow Daoist had personally gone to Feather Emperor Island to investigate.
Hearing White Brow Daoist's question, Zhou Huang cupped his hands and said, "Supervisor, the god-level genius of Black Iron Divine Nation, Luo Tianxing, is undergoing his tribulation here!"
"Luo Tianxing?" White Eyebrows Taoist was stunned. He glanced around and saw Luo Zheng sitting there, with traces of lightning burns all over his body! "Isn't he a middle stage False Tribulation Realm martial artist? How can he transcend tribulation? How can he trigger such a powerful Thunder Tribulation? "
White Brow Daoist's face was full of disbelief!
It was not that he did not believe that Luo Zheng could break through the middle stage of the False Tribulation Realm in a short period of time. Once he entered the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, he would be able to transcend the tribulation and enter the Life and Death Realm. After all, White Brow Daoist came from the Upper Realm.
The problem was that the minor Heavenly Tribulation triggered by a mere False Tribulation Realm martial artist was so terrifying. This was somewhat unimaginable!
These War Emperors and War Emperors had never seen such a terrifying minor Heavenly Tribulation. How could they answer White Brow Daoist's question?
White Brow Daoist's eyes flickered. He stood still and observed carefully.
Before this, White Brow Daoist had already noticed Luo Zheng. Given Luo Zheng's performance at the West Dragon River, he could be considered an eye-catching genius in any of the major human forces in the Upper Realm.
However, the human race occupied tens of thousands of Big Realms, and there were countless forces in each Big Realm. Just the Holy Lands of various sizes could be counted in the tens of millions. The so-called eye-catching talent depended on the scope. In White Brow Daoist's opinion, a genius like Luo Zheng was nothing in a Big Realm, not to mention the three major human forces and tens of thousands of Big Realms.
Luo Zheng could at most be listed as a key training target in a second-class Holy Land!
Moreover, White Brow Daoist was different from Immortal Tian Miao. Tian Miao used the Purple Star Heavenly Palace to calculate Luo Zheng's fate of Battle of Worlds. White Brow Daoist couldn't see Luo Zheng's fate with just a pair of eyes.
Therefore, although Luo Zheng's performance was quite excellent and could be said to be invincible in the same realm in the four Holy Kingdoms, it was nothing in the eyes of White Brow Daoist.
However, that was his impression of Luo Zheng. Seeing such a vast minor Heaven's Tribulation this time, White Brow Daoist was shocked!
It was just the first minor Heaven's Tribulation in the Life and Death Realm, but it was already so terrifying. Where did this guy come from?
There was more than one Heaven's Tribulation. White Brow Daoist wanted to observe carefully. Since this Heaven's Tribulation was so terrifying, maybe there would be lotus flowers blooming after the tribulation. He wanted to see how many lotus flowers this guy could release temporarily!
Bai Yuerong followed behind White Brow Daoist. After learning that the Thunder Tribulation was triggered by Luo Zheng, her eyes were also very complicated. As the Saintess of the Esoteric Sect, she was responsible for communicating with the Upper Realm. Therefore, she knew more about the Upper Realm than those mighty figures of the Divine Sea Realm. She also didn't expect that it was Luo Zheng who was going through the tribulation!
Luo Zheng sat where he was, still digesting the power of thunder and lightning in his body. The pure power of thunder and lightning spread inside Luo Zheng's body, differentiated, and poured into each of his cells, stimulating his physical body to grow rapidly!
Any Power of Law was not only used for destruction. For example, the Law of Fire originally symbolized destruction, but it contained the power of rebirth and nirvana.
The Law of Thunder could bring vitality to destruction. As the saying went, only when the spring thunder shook the earth could it wake up all hibernating things and rejuvenate the natural world. This was the beginning of life!
It was said that after opening the Spirit Sea and solidifying the Zhen Yuan, thunder and lightning had to be constantly introduced into the Dantian. Under the stimulation of the power of thunder and lightning, life could be born in the Dantian. This was the fourth level of the Law of Thunder. "Shape!"
Soon, his physical body seemed to be reborn. The layer of carbonized skin on the surface began to crack constantly, revealing the bright red and tender flesh. When the carbonized skin completely fell off, Luo Zheng's physical body looked like it had just been born from a mother's womb.
"Will there be a second wave?"
After safely passing through the first wave of tribulation, Luo Zheng looked up at the sky.
If it was an ordinary warrior, when breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, most of them would only face the first wave of tribulation! The stronger the talent, the more waves of tribulation and the more powerful it would be. Even those god-tier geniuses often faced more than one wave of tribulation. Therefore, the probability of Luo Zheng facing several waves of tribulation was very high.
Sure enough, after a while, faint golden shadows began to appear in the sky. Those golden lights became more and more obvious, and golden swords slowly emerged one after another!
"This is the Metal Tribulation! This wave of Metal Tribulation appeared after the Thunder Tribulation. I'm afraid it will be even more difficult! " A Divine Sea Realm warrior who had probably experienced the so-called "Metal Tribulation" couldn't help but shout when he saw this scene.
However, White Brow Daoist's face showed disdain. He despised the ignorance of these Divine Sea Realm warriors in the Divine Kingdom's continent. He said indifferently, "It's just a Metal Tribulation. What's the fuss about?"
In White Brow Daoist's view, whether it was the Thunder Tribulation, Metal Tribulation, Wind Tribulation, or Water Tribulation … these "Five Elements Tribulations" were all useless. The only thing that could truly determine a warrior's future potential was the Lotus Flower!
Although Luo Zheng's tribulation was very powerful, it didn't matter that he hadn't given birth to a Lotus Flower yet.
Numerous golden swords appeared in the sky. Each sword's edge was shining with a dazzling cold light. One thousand swords, ten thousand swords, one hundred thousand swords, one million swords …