Luo Zheng took a deep breath when he saw the golden swords gathering around him. His relaxed muscles tensed up again!
These golden swords were formed from the condensation of laws and didn't contain any Heaven's Evolution Essence. Therefore, Luo Zheng couldn't determine the grade of these swords. However, judging from the cold light emitted from the edges of these swords, they were definitely not weak.
After a short while, the golden cloud moved without any wind. The first golden sword hummed softly and suddenly shot towards Luo Zheng!
Then, the second, the third …
The cloud formed by the golden swords suddenly turned into a golden torrent that surged towards Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng took a step forward and stood on the spot. He was like a sea stabilizing needle that was firmly nailed to the ground. He looked at the golden torrent with resolute eyes.
"Back then, when I underwent the Metal Tribulation, I caught the 'Demon Heart Battle Armor' and used more than 200,000 supreme-grade True Origin Stones to escape. These swords are even sharper than the ones I faced back then. This kid doesn't have the protection of the Demon Heart Battle Armor …" The Divine Sea Realm almighty who had undergone the Metal Tribulation shook his head and said.
The Demon Heart Battle Armor was a Quasi Divine Artifact protective armor. As a defensive treasure, its value was comparable to an ordinary Divine Artifact. This Divine Sea Realm almighty had borrowed it from the Tianfeng War Emperor.
Hearing this, the Tianfeng War Emperor smiled helplessly. "If the Demon Heart Battle Armor was still here, I could lend it to Luo Tianxing. Unfortunately …"
The Demon Heart Battle Armor had been destroyed decades ago.
As he spoke, the golden torrent had already rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"It's coming!"
Looking at the first golden sword, Luo Zheng grabbed it with one hand. The golden sword was instantly crushed by Luo Zheng!
"In the end, these aren't real swords. They're only formed from the condensation of the Metal Laws. Their strength isn't even comparable to a Divine Artifact." After crushing the first golden sword, Luo Zheng understood.
However, the number of golden swords suddenly increased. Luo Zheng couldn't crush them one by one. He could only let the golden swords stab him from all directions!
Luo Zheng was like a person who couldn't swim in a large river. In the blink of an eye, he was submerged in the golden torrent.
"Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding —"
Luo Zheng's body was as tough as a Divine Artifact. Every golden sword that hit Luo Zheng's body turned into golden powder. The fine powder quickly turned into bits of the Metal Laws and dissipated into the air.
However, although these golden swords were not as tough as Luo Zheng's body, their edges were extremely sharp. Each of them left an extremely fine scratch on Luo Zheng's body. As more and more golden swords continued to stab at Luo Zheng, more and more scratches appeared on his body. When the number of scratches accumulated to a certain extent, the edges of the swords cut open Luo Zheng's skin, causing blood to spurt out!
After resisting to this extent, Luo Zheng sighed softly and closed his eyes …
Thousands of miles away, on the west side of the Divine Kingdom Continent, where people rarely went, stood a towering mountain. Suddenly, invisible sword energy appeared and began to erode the vast mountain range!
The mountain, which was thousands of feet high, was being eroded at a speed visible to the naked eye. It was as if an invisible mouth was gnawing at the mountain. After a few breaths, the mountain no longer existed. It turned into specks of dust and drifted in all directions.
One tower, two towers, three towers ….
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, the mountain range disappeared into thin air.
The golden swords on the Feather Emperor Island disappeared as well.
To other people, crossing a tribulation was like walking between life and death. It was called a tribulation of life and death. But to Luo Zheng, it wasn't that difficult.
No matter how powerful this tribulation was, as long as it didn't cut Luo Zheng's connection with the Great Thousand World, it couldn't kill Luo Zheng!
A tribulation that could destroy the heavens and earth did exist. In the Upper Realm, when some super powerful figures crossed a tribulation, the power they unleashed was enough to destroy a Great Thousand World.
After the "Metal Tribulation", the "Wind Tribulation" appeared in the sky. The Five Elements Tribulation appeared one after another …
After an hour, Luo Zheng looked at the clear sky and blinked his eyes. "Is it finally over?"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt relaxed. During the process of crossing the tribulation, the True Essence in Luo Zheng's dantian was still gradually solidifying. Just as Luo Zheng was about to stand up and leave, the shadow of a pure white lotus flower appeared in the sky! However, the lotus flower was still budding and hadn't bloomed yet!
"What's that?"
"Why did a huge lotus flower appear in the sky?"
"Is this also a tribulation? It doesn't look like one! "
Those Divine Sea Realm experts were astonished. They stared at the shadow of the lotus flower in the sky in a daze.
They didn't know, but Daoist White Eyebrows knew very well!
Therefore, when White Brow Daoist saw the shadow of the budding lotus, his expression changed abruptly, and his voice trembled. "It really appeared. A lotus flower bloomed in the minor heavenly tribulation. A lotus flower bloomed. It really bloomed! This … this … "
When Bai Yuerong saw this, her beautiful eyes blinked and she fell into deep thought.
Through some top-secret documents in the Esoteric Sect, she naturally knew about the existence of the lotus flower.
The so-called geniuses in the Upper Realm were classified differently from those in the Lower Realm. There was no such thing as an Earth-Grade genius, a Heaven-Grade genius, or a God-grade genius. The only way to measure a warrior's potential was through crossing a tribulation.
According to the documents, the lotus flower seemed to be a product that surpassed the Heavenly Way. If a lotus flower appeared after crossing a tribulation, it meant that the warrior had the potential to surpass the Heavenly Way.
Of course, it didn't mean that one could surpass the Heavenly Way with a lotus flower. In the 100,000 Great Realms, there were many warriors with lotus flowers. However, how many people could surpass the Heavenly Way in 3.6 billion years?
"But according to the documents, lotus flowers are usually only born in a major tribulation. Why … did Luo Zheng give birth to a lotus flower in a minor tribulation?" Bai Yuerong stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. Although she and Luo Zheng were enemies, with the appearance of the lotus flower, she became more and more curious about Luo Zheng.
Therefore, Bai Yuerong said, "I wonder how many petals Luo Zheng can bloom. Three petals or five petals?"
Daoist White Eyebrows shook his head and said, "A warrior who can bloom three petals is enough to become the core of a Nine Great Holy Land. Five petals, hehe, is enough to enter a tenth-grade Holy Land and become the core of a super-first-rate force! Saintess, I'll have to trouble you to report this matter through the Reverse Spirit Channel! "
Bai Yuerong nodded. As the Saintess of the Secret Sect, she was very clear about the importance of this matter. Since Luo Zheng had bloomed a lotus flower during his tribulation, the conflict between her and Luo Zheng was probably nothing …
Hearing Bai Yuerong's words, the almighty Divine Sea Realm warriors felt a chill in their hearts!
Although these almighty Divine Sea Realm warriors were awe-inspiring in the Divine Kingdom Continent, and they might be famous in the lower realms, compared to the powerhouses in the upper realms, they were nothing!
Although they were the kings of seventh-grade Divine Kingdoms, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea was only an eighth-grade Holy Land of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. They had spent so many years and still hadn't completely occupied it! Then what was a ninth-grade Holy Land? What was a tenth-grade Holy Land? It was simply unimaginable!
At this moment, the pure white lotus flower above Luo Zheng's head slowly rotated. After a while, a pure white petal slowly bloomed from the budding lotus flower!
The moment the petal fell, a fragrant wind spread out and drilled into everyone's nose!
"This lotus flower is so fragrant!" Huo Yuner couldn't help but sniff. Although the fragrance was rich, it wasn't greasy. Taking a deep breath, the fragrance seemed to be able to seep into one's soul.
"The first petal," Bai Yuerong said while biting her lips. She knew about this lotus flower from literature, but after all, this was the first time she saw a warrior bloom a lotus flower. Seeing this scene, she was actually looking forward to seeing more petals of this lotus flower.
Luo Zheng stood in place and looked at the slowly rotating lotus flower in the sky. Through Qinglong, he already knew what this lotus flower represented. At this time, he also quietly looked at the rotating lotus flower with eyes as pure as water.
As the lotus flower continued to spin, another petal fell down.
"The second petal …" Bai Yuerong continued to count.
＝＝＝＝＝