If three petals bloomed, it would be enough to become the core of a Rank Nine Sacred Ground …
"I knew this kid wasn't simple. If he could ascend to the Upper Realm, he would be a big shot in the future!" Zhou Huang chuckled.
However, Battle Emperor Yu the Great's voice was heard again. "Hmph, so what? No matter how talented this kid is, he's still trapped in the Lower Realm just like us! "
These words made Zhou Huang frown. However, what White Brow Taoist said next made the hearts of the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators pound.
"If this kid can bloom enough petals, it'll be enough for the humans of the Upper Realm to pay attention to him. They'll probably pay a huge price to repair the Ascension Passage to the Upper Realm!" White Brow Taoist said calmly.
"What! Repair the Ascension Passage?! "
"How is this possible … Do the humans of the Upper Realm really have such a heaven-defying ability?"
"If the Ascension Passage is repaired, can't we …"
At this moment, all the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators were unable to remain calm.
They had worked so hard to reach the Divine Ocean Realm, but they were trapped in the Lower Realm, unable to advance to a higher realm. One could imagine how much of a blow it would be to a warrior.
However, the Ascension Passage being destroyed was something they couldn't do anything about. This wasn't something the Divine Ocean Realm cultivators could interfere with!
If the Ascension Passage was repaired, it meant that they could ascend to the Upper Realm, pursue higher challenges, and achieve greater individual strength … Perhaps after entering the Upper Realm, they would face more difficult tests and more struggles between life and death.
However, a warrior could stand proudly in the world for a while, but he couldn't live an ignoble life forever! Moreover, a higher cultivation meant a longer lifespan.
The voices of several Divine Ocean Realm cultivators were filled with excitement. One could even hear their voices trembling …
The three Divine Ocean Realm cultivators of the Profound Jade Martial House were among them. They were extremely excited and stared at Luo Zheng with complicated expressions. From the moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Profound Jade Martial House, they were looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance. However, they never thought that Luo Zheng's talent would be tied to their fates.
At this moment, even Battle God Da Yu had a complicated expression on his face … Compared to his ascension to the Upper Realm, those grudges were not even worth mentioning!
"Sir, Sir … How many petals do we need to open in order for our family to pay attention to us and help us repair the ascension tunnel?" a Spirit Sea Realm warrior asked.
This was a very crucial question. Everyone was so excited that they forgot to ask.
White Brow Daoist thought for a moment and said, "Maybe seven, at least seven! However, I wasn't sure if a flower with seven petals could be repaired. But if it had nine petals, then it would definitely be repaired! When the petals of the first layer fully bloomed, there were nine petals! In other words, the legendary Nine-leaf Lotus Flower … Hehe, but it's difficult for even one of the countless Holy Lands in a Great Realm to be born. "As he spoke, Daoist White Brow shook his head." It's too difficult. Even if it's a cultivator who has attained the Seven-leaf stage, there are only a few hundred of them in a Great Realm. Some of the weaker Great Realms have even fewer. "
Upon hearing White Brow Daoist White Brow's words, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors looked disappointed.
A Great Realm was unimaginably huge. There were only a few hundred cultivators who had attained the Seven-leaf stage in a Great Realm. The probability was pitifully small.
Moreover, according to White Brow Daoist White Brow, even if the Seven-leaf Lotus Flower was opened, the Upper Realm might not pay attention to it. Only with a Nine-leaf Lotus Flower could the ascension tunnel be repaired with a 100% certainty!
The flames of hope were finally ignited in everyone's hearts, but White Brow Daoist White Brow poured a bucket of cold water on it. The Spirit Sea Realm warriors felt a chill in their hearts …
Just as they were feeling disappointed, Huo Yuner smiled and said, "Look! The third petal! The third petal … "
Although everyone was disappointed, they still had some hope. Although the possibility was so small that it was negligible, they did not believe that a cultivator from the Lower Realm could fight against countless geniuses in the Great Realm! They were not on the same level at all!
"The third petal," Bai Yuerong said calmly. She looked at Luo Zheng in a daze, and her gaze became more and more complicated. She thought of the time when this guy released bad luck on her through the Wheel of Fortune.
White Brow Daoist White Brow nodded calmly. "Mhm, not bad. A Three-leaf Lotus. This kid should be proud. When I was undergoing my tribulation in the Spirit Sea Realm, I only attained three leaves."
"Supervisor, you're a Three-leaf cultivator?" a Spirit Sea Realm warrior asked.
White Brow Daoist White Brow's face revealed a hint of pride. "That was during my first tribulation in the Spirit Sea Realm. I only attained three leaves. During my second tribulation, I attained five leaves!"
Attaining five petals was indeed something to be proud of. The Spirit Sea Realm warriors in front of them had never seen such a thing before …
The Three-leaf Lotus above Luo Zheng's head was still spinning slowly. Everyone was waiting quietly. To the four Divine Nations, the number of leaves Luo Zheng's Lotus Flower was even more important than exploring the Heavenly Star Secret Realm! After all, they could think of ways to explore the Heavenly Star Secret Realm every year. This was the first time they saw a cultivator with a Lotus Flower during a Heavenly Tribulation!
Huo Chen, who had been observing in a daze from the side, could not help but shout, "The fourth petal! Open! Open!"
Huo Yuner, who was beside him, smiled and said, "Brother Chen, this isn't something you can shout …"
However, who knew that as soon as Huo Yuner finished speaking, the fourth petal would tremble slightly and slowly open!
"Since the fourth petal has already been opened, the fifth petal will definitely open. This Luo Tianxing has already far surpassed me." White Brow Daoist White Brow sighed and smiled.
As expected, after the fourth petal opened, the fifth petal also fell!
At this moment, all the Spirit Sea Realm warriors' breathing began to quicken …
This Lotus Flower had an odd number of petals. Since the fifth petal had already been opened, Luo Zheng only needed one more petal to open and he would have attained seven leaves!
Attaining the ninth leaf was too difficult. However, attaining seven leaves was enough to attract the attention of the humans in the upper realm. There was a high possibility that they would help repair the ascension passage! As long as one more petal was opened …
"One petal, just one petal will do. Luo Tianxing, do your best!" Zhou Huang muttered.
"Who knew that this brat would mysteriously become our hope?" The Tianfeng War Emperor shook his head and said, "I hope he succeeds!"
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors were also praying softly. At this moment, they were afraid of disturbing Luo Zheng and all of them kept their voices as low as possible. In truth, Luo Zheng was not the one who controlled the opening of the Lotus Flower. Even if Luo Zheng had nothing to do with fighting, he would open as many petals as he needed. However, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors were too cautious because they placed too much importance on this matter.
Under everyone's anticipation, the Lotus Flower continued to slowly spin. However, the petals did not fall.
"One petal, just one petal … I beg you," a Spirit Sea Realm warrior sobbed. His face was filled with agony. That Spirit Sea Realm warrior's temperament and elegance had completely disappeared. He seemed like a pitiful woman begging for mercy. However, he did not know who he was begging to. To Luo Zheng? To the Heavens? Or to the Lotus Flower?
The other Spirit Sea Realm warriors did not laugh at him. If begging was useful, they would put aside their pride and beg for mercy. However, this was not the time to be concerned about their pride.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and looked at the Lotus Flower in the sky. He did not know that because of him, he had caused an uproar at the Pyramid. Everyone was waiting for the Lotus Flower.
After waiting for a long time, Luo Zheng simply sat down with his legs crossed and closed his eyes. Qinglong had told him that the number of petals he could open was up to fate. It was not something he could control with his own will. There was no point in being anxious.
The problem was that although Luo Zheng thought this way, the other Spirit Sea Realm warriors did not. They did not know the origin and function of the Lotus Flower, but they knew that it would work if they were sincere. At such a critical moment, Luo Zheng did not pay attention to the Lotus Flower. Instead, he closed his eyes and meditated indifferently. How could this be?