Battle Emperor Yu the Great had never been in such a predicament before. Previously, he was overbearing and wanted to kill Luo Zheng many times.
However, at this moment, he wanted to ask Luo Zheng to be more serious. Although being serious wouldn't be of much use …
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's ambition and desire were the strongest compared to the other three Divine Monarchs. Because of this, he wanted to ascend more than anyone else. The greater the expectation, the greater the disappointment. Hence, his emotions fluctuated even more violently.
Previously, Battle Emperor Yu the Great felt that Luo Zheng didn't have a high chance of reaching the seventh leaf. However, when he saw that Luo Zheng had already opened five leaves, he was filled with anticipation.
However, the enmity between him and Luo Zheng was too great. It wasn't convenient for him to show himself. He could only beg Zhou Huang.
Because of the previous incident, Zhou Huang had become enemies with Battle Emperor Yu the Great. The Tianfeng War Emperor had almost fought with Battle Emperor Yu the Great because of this incident. However, because the four Divine Nations had been living in harmony for so many years, everyone held back.
When Zhou Huang saw Battle Emperor Yu the Great's expression, he snorted coldly. He stepped down from the pyramid and walked toward Luo Zheng.
He wasn't doing this for Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He was doing this for the sake of all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the four Divine Nations.
Luo Zheng hadn't completed his tribulation yet. Zhou Huang didn't know if he could get too close to him. He maintained a distance of several hundred feet from Luo Zheng. Then, he whispered to Luo Zheng, "Tianxing, this … the lotus flower has opened. Isn't it inappropriate for you to meditate by yourself?"
When Luo Zheng heard Zhou Huang's words, he opened his eyes. He looked at Zhou Huang curiously and asked, "My Lord, what do you mean by inappropriate?"
Zhou Huang didn't know how to remind Luo Zheng. After thinking for a while, he said, "I mean, can you be more serious?" As he spoke, he pointed at the slowly spinning lotus flower in the sky.
"Serious?" At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood Zhou Huang's words. They probably felt that he shouldn't meditate at this moment. He should be serious.
The problem was, how could he be serious?
He had no control over how many leaves the lotus flower could open. That was what Qinglong had told him: he could open as many leaves as he wanted!
However, when he saw Zhou Huang's expression, Luo Zheng felt a little embarrassed. He chuckled twice and stood up again. He stared blankly at the lotus flower in the sky. His heart was incomparably puzzled. What did it have to do with them how many lotus flowers I opened?
It was just that Zhou Huang had been taking care of Luo Zheng for a long time, so he could only pretend. How could he know that the number of lotus leaves that were opened was already tied to the fates of these Spirit Sea Realm warriors!
The lotus flower was still spinning slowly, neither too fast nor too slow. It did not disappear, nor did it open another lotus leaf.
As everyone waited, they became more and more anxious …
"Open it! Hurry up and open it! "
"Sigh, can't you be more straightforward? This kind of people's hearts are broken! "
"I've been waiting here for half an hour. It feels like I've been waiting for a year …"
The lifespan of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior was calculated in tens of thousands of years. In their lives, one hour was just like a white colt passing by. However, this time, the white colt that had passed by was unwilling to take the first step. Therefore, in their eyes, this two hour period was extremely long!
After an hour, the lotus flower suddenly trembled!
"Open, open, open … Is it going to open?! It's opening! "Seeing the movement of the lotus flower, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior roared.
If a Spirit Sea Realm warrior really roared in excitement, his voice would be extremely powerful. The Spirit Sea Realm warriors present were still fine, but the Immortal Realm geniuses were all dizzy. Even Luo Zheng could not help but cover his ears.
"Zhou Bing, do you want to die?!" Another Spirit Sea Realm warrior was afraid of affecting Luo Zheng, so he coldly scolded the excited Spirit Sea Realm warrior angrily.
"I, I, I …" Realizing that he had lost his composure, Zhou Bing stuttered. His face was filled with guilt. He only said in a low voice, "I, I'm sorry. I was too excited …"
"It's opening! It is indeed open … "Zhou Huang murmured. He was also very excited, but he still lowered his voice in the midst of his excitement.
On the lotus flower, the sixth lotus leaf slowly fell down. The pure white petals stretched out, blooming an indescribable beauty in the eyes of everyone!
Huo Yuner sat on the steps of the pyramid. His slender body relaxed, but his eyes were blurred as he stared at the petals. He said in a low voice, "This lotus flower is really beautiful …"
"Great, there's hope for this Ascension Passage …"
"After so many years, I thought we would all die in this big wide world! I didn't expect that hope would come like this … "
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors were overwhelmed with emotions. It was as if there were flames burning in their chests!
However, at this moment, Daoist White Eyebrows poured a bucket of cold water on them. "As I said, there's hope for opening the Ascension Passage by opening seven lotus leaves. However, the probability is only about 30%. Seven lotus leaves are already rare in the world, but repairing the Ascension Passage from the Upper Realm is also a troublesome matter! I can't guarantee it! "
The Ascension Passage was usually repaired from the Lower Realm. If one wanted to forcefully repair it from the Upper Realm, it would be the so-called "reverse repair". This reverse repair was hundreds of times more difficult than repairing it from the Lower Realm. Indeed, one would have to pay a higher price to succeed.
"30, 30% … Supervisor, please help us. We can …" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was originally immersed in joy, but at this moment, he suddenly became nervous.
Daoist White Eyebrows smiled faintly and said, "What can you do? What's in this Divine Kingdom Continent that's worth the Upper Realm's attention? We've been searching for the Ancestral Dragon egg for so many years, but you still can't get it. This big wide world is actually not worth the Upper Realm's attention! "
"This …" Battle Emperor Yu the Great was immediately choked by Daoist White Eyebrows' words.
The difference between the Lower Realm and the Upper Realm was like the difference between a capital and a small mountain village. What would they care about in the Lower Realm? Even if it was a divine weapon, they probably wouldn't care about it!
However, Daoist White Eyebrows said again, "But don't worry, I'll help you. Besides, we still have to rely on the Holy Maiden to convey this news to the Upper Realm!"
As soon as he finished speaking, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors stared at Bai Yuerong in unison. Bai Yuerong nodded seriously and said, "I'll try my best …" In fact, Bai Yuerong also knew that she was just a mouthpiece. The person who could really decide this matter was the supervisor.
"The seventh leaf is open!"
While everyone was talking, the seventh lotus leaf was put down.
The number of lotus flowers bloomed was an odd number. Since the sixth leaf was opened, the seventh leaf would definitely be opened. This was not unexpected.
At this moment, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior let out a long sigh. "Sigh, since the seventh leaf has already opened, why don't we just open the ninth leaf …"
Daoist White Eyebrows also nodded, but he snorted with a smile. "Yes, if this Luo Zheng can open the nine-leaf lotus flower, the Upper Realm will have no reason to not pay attention. No matter the price, they'll have to repair this Ascension Passage!"
As soon as he said this, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors began to look forward to it …
It was not that they were greedy, but the Ascension Passage was too important. There was only a 30% chance of opening the seventh leaf, but opening the ninth leaf was a sure thing. It was impossible for them not to look forward to it.
However, Daoist White Eyebrows said again, "Unfortunately, the probability of a nine-leaf lotus flower, hehe … It's already amazing for a large realm to have one. This is a one in a trillion chance, and I've never heard of it. I don't want to say that the warriors of the Lower Realm are weaker than those of the Upper Realm, but at least I've never heard of a warrior with a nine-leaf lotus flower in the Lower Realm."
When Daoist White Eyebrows said this, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors finally calmed down.
Of course, they were looking forward to it, but the probability was so small that their expectations couldn't be too strong. They had a feeling of resignation!
A warrior with a nine-leaf lotus flower couldn't even be born in a large realm, so how could it be born in a Lower Realm?
Many Spirit Sea Realm warriors also gradually calmed down. They regained the bearing that a Spirit Sea Realm warrior should have and looked at the slowly rotating lotus flower indifferently.
Very quickly, another two hours passed. Suddenly, the lotus flower trembled slightly again!