Previously, every time the lotus flower trembled, a leaf would appear. Now that the lotus flower was trembling again, could it be that another leaf was about to appear?
White Brow Daoist's words had extinguished the hopes of those Spirit Sea Realm experts. But this shock immediately drew everyone's attention back to the battle!
Didn't Daoist White Brow say that there wasn't even a single martial artist in a large world that could open a nine-leaf lotus flower? Such a character would definitely alarm the Upper Realm!
As for the ascension passage, it would be repaired no matter how great the price was!
Even Daoist White Brow's expression became incomparably solemn. His gaze was like lightning as he stared fixedly at the trembling lotus flower!
Compared to those Divine Sea Realm experts, he had a clearer understanding of this lotus flower and what it meant to have a nine-leaf lotus flower.
When a martial artist cultivated, they could follow the heavens and absorb the laws of the Heavenly Dao step by step. From the lower level laws to the origin laws, then to the higher level laws, which was the law of cause and effect …
However, if one followed the heavens, they would eventually encounter a considerable bottleneck. They wouldn't be able to transcend this cycle of reincarnation, nor would they be able to transcend the shackles of the Heavenly Dao!
Only a martial artist who cultivated in defiance of the heavens could surpass the Heavenly Dao and achieve greater achievements!
Not all martial artists could surpass the Heavenly Dao. Even if a nine-leaf lotus flower was opened, it only meant that a martial artist had the potential and talent to do so. Only such a person could be called a genius in the Upper Realm!
The meaning of the word genius was different in different places.
A genius in the Lower Realm referred to a person with talent. It was a person who had a unique talent in a certain aspect!
And a so-called genius in the Upper Realm referred to a creature who had the talent to surpass the Heavenly Dao!
A martial artist who opened a nine-leaf lotus flower was able to bring out the potential of surpassing the Heavenly Dao to the limit. Such a character, placed in any race or force, was an existence like a supreme treasure.
Compared to the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower, the baptism of the Laws was nothing. So, although he was surprised that Luo Zheng was able to comprehend Huo Yuner's Laws of Time in such a short period of time, it was only worthy of his attention, and it was far less shocking than the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower!
The group of Divine Sea Realm cultivators heard White Brow Daoist's words and understood that the Nine Petal Lotus Flower was very powerful. Even a big world couldn't produce such a person.
The problem was that this group of Divine Sea Realm experts had never been to the Upper Realm. They didn't have a very direct understanding of a large realm or a hundred thousand large realms. It was like a person from the capital telling a remote mountain village how big and how rich the capital was. The person from the remote mountain village would only have a rough idea. Even if this group of Divine Sea Realm experts used their imagination, it would still be very difficult for them to perceive how big a large realm was and how rare a Nine-petaled Lotus Flower was …
They did not care about this. All they knew was that once the Nine-Petal Lotus was activated, the ascension passageway would definitely be repaired. That was enough!
The nine-petaled lotus flower was still trembling slowly. Luo Zheng's eyes were fixed on the huge lotus flower as he quietly looked at it. In all fairness, he naturally hoped that all the leaves of the lotus flower would open. However, Qinglong had told him that it was not up to him to decide how many petals he could open.
The number of leaves almost determined the height a person could reach in a big world. This was a preview of a cultivator's fate.
Luo Zheng did not have a clear understanding of the strength of big worlds, Realm Lords, and Heavenly Venerables. However, he understood the strength of that person in the Void Spirit Sect. That person's strength was probably an existence that surpassed Heavenly Venerables. He had only met Luo Yan for a short time before he was taken away by that young man. If he wanted to see Luo Yan again, he could imagine the height he had to reach!
Even if he activated the Nine-Petaled Lotus Flower, it did not mean that he could reach the height he wanted …
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, the Lotus Flower trembled continuously. One of the last two leaves on the Lotus Flower was finally released slowly.
"It's open, it's all open! It looks like we've finally endured all these years! "
"The eighth leaf is open, hahahaha … We don't have to seek those unorthodox methods anymore. We can ascend openly!"
At this moment, a Divine Ocean Realm expert's eyes were brimming with tears of excitement!
In order to break through to the Divine Ocean Realm and ascend, this group of Divine Ocean Realm experts who had lived for tens of thousands of years had done everything they could.
They went overseas to seek opportunities, risked their lives, and went to the edge of the Great Thousand World. They dreamed of crossing the world barrier, entering another Great Thousand World, and then ascending …
In the deep sea, they hunted some extremely ferocious creatures, hoping to find some special methods from them to help them break through …
In these long years, they had spent too much time. Their goal was to become stronger and ascend!
Even Divine Sea Realm Almighties were not invincible in this large world. In the process of searching for these opportunities, many Divine Sea Realm Almighties had fallen and paid the price with their lives. In the end, they still died with grievances.
But who would have thought that today, they would be able to fulfill their lifelong dream – to repair the ascension passage?
However, these people never dreamed that the Northern Heaven Domain, which was extremely barren in their eyes, had a Rising Dragon Platform three years ago in the Central Domain. This Rising Dragon Platform originally belonged to the Dragon Bloodline Clan of the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean. Using this Rising Dragon Platform, they could ascend to the Great Thousand World.
Because the Rising Dragon Platform ascended to the Great Thousand World, they were imprisoned for a thousand years!
A thousand years was a long time, but compared to the long lifespan of Divine Ocean Realm experts, it was nothing. Exchanging a thousand years of lifespan for ascension was definitely a good deal …
Under the constant trembling of the lotus flower, the eighth leaf finally descended slowly.
After the eighth leaf descended, the ninth leaf also slowly descended under the gazes of the crowd …
The nine leaves had finally fully bloomed. This perfect lotus flower slowly rotated in the air.
Luo Zheng's mouth curved into a smile. Although the difficulty of ascending to the Life and Death Realm this time was not small, and the process was a little complicated, the result was pretty good.
Everyone also understood that everything was settled. They let out a sigh of relief in their hearts, and a feeling of joy filled their chests.
However, just when everyone thought that it was over, the lotus flower unexpectedly trembled once again!
"Eh?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly. He stared at the lotus flower, and a blank expression appeared on his face. The nine leaves had already bloomed, so he didn't know why the lotus flower was still trembling.
"Supervisor, what's going on?" A Divine Ocean Realm expert asked.
White Brow Daoist's face was also full of astonishment. Logically speaking, when the nine leaves bloomed, the lotus flower should have maintained its perfect state. However, it was still trembling, as if something was trying to break free from the lotus flower. What was going on?
For a moment, White Brow Daoist couldn't figure it out. The expression on his face could only be described as "baffling."
Bai Yuerong looked at the lotus flower and gently bit her lips. In her mind, she was memorizing the top-secret literature …
The history of Esoteric Religion was very long. It was said that the inheritance of Esoteric Religion could be traced back to the last Evolution Era. In other words, Esoteric Religion existed before many creatures were born in this Evolution Era. When an Evolution Era ended, the Heavenly Dao would be destroyed. However, in this universe, there were always powerful people who could continue the inheritance. Some inheritances could transcend time, time, and even the Heavenly Dao.
Therefore, although Bai Yuerong wasn't as knowledgeable as White Brow Daoist, as a Saintess of Esoteric Religion, she could come into contact with some information that White Brow Daoist himself couldn't access.
The lotus flower was divided into nine leaves. The nine leaves represented the nine treasures of the lotus flower …
However, this was only the first layer of heaven. It was the Lesser Realization Lotus Flower. If one could break through the Heavenly Barrier, they would enter the Mahayana Realm and open up 27 heart sources. That would be the second layer of heaven …
Thinking of this, Bai Yuerong's heart suddenly beat faster. She blurted out, "Supervisor, is Luo Zheng going to open the second layer of heaven? Is it the Mahayana Lotus Flower? "
She wasn't sure, so she could only say this to White Brow Daoist.
＝＝＝＝＝