Although Daoist White Brow didn't know what was going on, it didn't mean that he didn't know what the Mahayana Lotus Flower was!
However, he never thought that the kid in front of him could really open the second layer of heaven and enter the Mahayana Lotus Flower realm.
This was because in Daoist White Brow's knowledge, this was simply impossible.
This lotus flower was also divided into Hinayana and Mahayana. Hinayana could only reach nine leaves, while Mahayana could reach twenty-seven leaves …
There were many cultivators who opened the Hinayana Lotus Flower, but it was hard to find a single person who could open the Hinayana Lotus Flower to nine leaves in a great realm. This was already extremely rare. However, according to an era, which was 3.6 billion years, the number of cultivators who could open the Hinayana Lotus Flower was definitely not small.
However, cultivators who could open the Mahayana Lotus Flower …
In these tens of thousands of years, perhaps someone in a corner of a great realm had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. After all, the Upper Realm was really too big. One couldn't blame Daoist White Brow for being ignorant.
However, from what Daoist White Brow knew, there wasn't a single one!
He only heard that Celestial Venerable Ling Xiao of the Firmament Realm had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower after crossing the Reincarnation Tribulation 2.6 million years ago. As for whether other Celestial Venerables had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, Daoist White Brow wasn't sure.
That was a treatment that only Celestial Venerables had. Could this kid in front of him really open it?
Daoist White Brow's eyes revealed an unprecedented seriousness. If the Mahayana Lotus Flower was still under his control, Daoist White Brow had completely given up now. This was because he didn't know what it meant. The only thing he knew was that if this matter was reported through the reverse spirit channel, it would probably cause an unprecedented sensation!
He felt that his throat was a little dry. It had been many years since the Upper Realm sent him down to supervise the four Divine Nations in retrieving the Ancestral Dragon egg!
Daoist White Brow was clear about his fate. He was afraid that only by retrieving the Ancestral Dragon egg would he be qualified to return to the Upper Realm.
If he could unearth a cultivator who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, his fate would probably change, and he might even obtain unimaginable benefits.
However, could Luo Zheng really open the second layer of heaven?
White Brow Daoist was still very doubtful. This possibility was so small that it was almost negligible …
However, after thinking about it carefully, it wasn't impossible. The Nine-Petal Lotus Flower was the limit of the Lesser Realization Lotus Flower. If one counted all the cultivators who had opened the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower 3.6 billion years ago, and then counted the cultivators who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, this probability wouldn't be too low!
The Nine-Petaled Lotus Flower trembled more and more violently in the air, and the speed at which its leaves spun also became faster and faster.
Luo Zheng had no idea what was going on. He could only ask Qinglong in his mind, "Qinglong, hasn't the Nine Petal Lotus finished blooming? Could it be that this thing can germinate and grow a second flower? "
Qinglong's laughter sounded in his mind. "Hahahaha, your idea is too weird. How can you grow a second flower? It seems that you're about to open the second layer of heaven. You have the fate of Battle of the Grand Worlds, so it's indeed possible. Let's wait and see!"
"What on earth is the second layer of heaven?" Luo Zheng was still puzzled.
Qinglong explained indifferently, "This is the difference between the Lesser Realization Lotus Flower and the Mahayana Lotus Flower. You will understand in a while."
As soon as Qinglong's voice fell, a stamen slowly rose from the center of the Nine-Petal Lotus Flower. Strangely, there was a small flower bud in the center of the stamen.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the stamen rose higher and higher, and the flower bud continued to expand at a speed visible to the naked eye. In a short while, the flower bud had already surpassed the nine-petaled lotus flower, and layers of leaves tightly wrapped around it!
"There really is a second Nine-Petal Lotus Flower. I was right," Luo Zheng said with a chuckle.
"How can you be right? This is just a Nine-Petal Lotus Flower … "Qinglong retorted.
When that even bigger lotus flower slowly rose, the lotus leaves on top of it began to open one by one, one by one …
"One, two, three, four …" Huo Chen looked at the leaves and counted continuously.
Not long after, the bigger Nine-Petal Lotus Flower had opened a total of 26 petals. Only one petal had not bloomed, and it made people feel that it was slightly incomplete.
The two layers of Nine-Petal Lotus Flower bloomed and slowly floated in front of everyone, emitting a sweet fragrance. Dazzling streamers escaped from the petals.
"This person …" Bai Yuerong sighed.
White Brow Daoist immediately said, "He at least has the destiny of a Battle of the Worlds. In this Great Era that has descended, he may not be the absolute protagonist, but he can at least play an important role!"
"A Battle of the Worlds …" Bai Yuerong originally wanted to say this. How could she not know that a Great Era had descended? Otherwise, how could the four Divine Kingdoms produce so many god-grade geniuses? In the history of the Divine Kingdoms, this had never happened before!
Although she knew that a Great Era had descended and that many god-grade geniuses had appeared, Bai Yuerong had never imagined that a warrior with the destiny of a Battle of the Worlds would appear in this Great Thousand World.
At this moment, Bai Yuerong suddenly remembered what had happened in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb. In the Wheel of Fortune in the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb, Luo Zheng's luck had been very bad at the beginning, or it could be said that it had been very bumpy. However, after he had overcome it, he had been the first to rise and pass the Wheel of Fortune!
When she thought of this and saw the Mahayana Lotus Flower that Luo Zheng had opened, Bai Yuerong's guess was verified …
No wonder his luck was so strong. No wonder … Bai Yuerong muttered to herself.
The Tianfeng War Emperor had a smile on his face. He had already shifted his gaze away from the Lotus Flower above his head. At this moment, he was sizing up Luo Zheng. In the eyes of the Tianfeng War Emperor, this Luo Zheng was becoming more and more pleasing to the eye. He was becoming more and more perfect!
The Tianfeng War Emperor had a short temper and a straightforward personality. Most warriors who cultivated the Law of Fire had such a personality. Since he had something in his heart, he couldn't hide it. At this moment, he looked at Huo Yuner, who was sitting beside him. She was at the age where she was about to blossom. Her entire body was brimming with a youthful aura. Although warriors had a long lifespan, she still needed to find a dual cultivation partner!
The Tianfeng War Emperor was extremely picky. In fact, many Divine Sea Realm Almighties had proposed marriage to him, but he had rejected all of them. In the eyes of the Tianfeng War Emperor, among the younger generation of warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms, there was no one who was worthy of his daughter!
Although this Luo Zheng's origin was unclear and he seemed to be from a small place like the Tianbei Region, even the War Emperor himself couldn't imagine how great this kid's future would be if the War Emperor placed so much importance on him. Such a character couldn't be missed.
Therefore, the Tianfeng War Emperor opened his mouth and asked, "Yuner, what do you think of this kid?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't know how to avoid the topic. When he spoke, there were many people around. Although Huo Yuner was innocent and naive, she was already at this age. How could she not understand the meaning behind her father's words?
Her beautiful eyes were originally fixed on Luo Zheng. When the Tianfeng War Emperor spoke, her face turned red. She retracted her gaze and said coquettishly, "Father, what are you saying?!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor chuckled. He knew that his daughter was shy. However, this wasn't a problem that could be solved by being shy. If he missed this opportunity, there wouldn't be another one. He had to find a chance to ask Luo Zheng directly.
When the conversation reached the ears of the other Divine Ocean Realm experts, a trace of understanding appeared on their faces. This Old Huo's brain was indeed fast! If she could become Luo Zheng's Dual Cultivation Partner, with this Luo Zheng's talent, his future would be immeasurable!
Therefore, the other Divine Sea Realm warriors had their own plans as well, especially those who had daughters and were both talented and beautiful …
The lotus flower in the sky slowly rotated. Finally, its color dimmed and it slowly disappeared from everyone's sight.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng sighed and said, "Alas, I thought that the last leaf would open!"
In his mind, Qinglong sneered and said, "Dream on. You should be satisfied that the Mahayana Lotus Flower opened to this degree. Moreover, after this lotus flower appears, it will appear every time you undergo a tribulation …"
Luo Zheng nodded and walked towards the pyramid. He still had a large amount of precious ores to process!