The thin line appeared abruptly in the sky. However, as soon as it appeared, everyone, including Luo Zheng himself, froze on the spot as if they had been immobilized.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a great power! This power seemed to have completely surpassed the limits of living creatures!
Everyone felt that their bodies had been frozen. Their blood had stopped flowing and their hearts had stopped beating. Only their consciousness was still moving slowly. However, they felt that their souls were as insignificant as dust under this thin line …
"What's that …"
"How can there be such a powerful thing? It's just a thin line, but I can feel such a great power!"
"I, I'm too insignificant. I'm just living an ignoble life …"
The mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm had lived for tens of thousands of years. They had a long lifespan, extensive knowledge, and mature thinking. Needless to say, their hearts of martial arts were as firm as iron walls!
However, under the power of that thin line, some of the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm showed signs of collapsing …
The power of that thin line was aimed at Luo Zheng. The others were still some distance away from Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng himself bore the brunt of it!
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head and stared at that thin line with a cold expression. "Qinglong, what's that …" Luo Zheng didn't think too much. At this moment, he felt that he was facing a life or death situation. Therefore, he asked Qinglong at once. At least, he wanted to know if he had a way to break it!
However, Qinglong slowly said, "I don't know …"
Even Qinglong hadn't seen this thing before. It indeed couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question.
But soon, Luo Zheng knew what it was.
The thin line continued to extend, extending for several meters in the sky. Then, the thin line split into two, becoming two thin lines. After the two thin lines separated, the ends were still connected, forming an arc that outlined the shape of an eye. In the center of the eye, there was only a black eye!
That was an eye.
There were tens of thousands of species in the universe. Every species had a different appearance. However, there was one thing that couldn't be separated from — eyes!
"Eye, whose eye is this?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. His face was full of caution. He didn't feel any kindness from this eye. On the contrary, he felt a trace of fierce hostility from this eye!
No, maybe it shouldn't be called hostility. Luo Zheng thought indifferently, "I'm not qualified to make it hostile. I'm too insignificant … This eye appeared out of curiosity. That fierce hostility should come from instinct. As long as it wants, it can kill me in an instant!"
Luo Zheng's eyes met the eye as he stood there quietly!
After a while, the eye suddenly blinked, and a black ray of light shot out from the black pupil!
Then, the eye blinked again and disappeared in the sky. However, that black light didn't disappear. Instead, it flew in a certain direction. Then, it kept refracting in the sky and kept approaching Luo Zheng!
Daoist White Eyebrows and the other Divine Sea Realm experts didn't say anything at this moment. Their faces were pale as they looked at the black light refracting in the sky …
Luo Zheng had just bloomed. In the hearts of the Divine Sea Realm experts, Luo Zheng was their hope to ascend to the upper world. Now, if anyone wanted to take away Luo Zheng's life, they would protect Luo Zheng and kill him! It could be said that in their eyes, Luo Zheng had become the key to ascending to the upper world. He was also the core and the most important person.
But at this moment, they didn't move!
That black light that kept refracting and changing directions was too terrifying. They couldn't even think of resisting!
"Buzz …"
The black light suddenly extended to a distance of several feet. Then, it changed directions again at an angle of 30 degrees and extended to another 70 or 80 feet. It refracted in different directions, but it was getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng. It was only a matter of time before it shot toward Luo Zheng!
How could he resist this black light …
Luo Zheng didn't have much time left. He knew that he couldn't resist this black light. His Protective True Essence couldn't, his Divine Weapon Body couldn't, and his Starry Combat Body couldn't. The only thing he could rely on was the will of the Great Thousand World!
"Can I only use my strength to resist this black light? Can I use the entire Great Thousand World to resist it?" At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly had a crazy idea!
Given the strength of that eye, it could destroy the entire Great Thousand World with just a wave of its hand …
Now, Luo Zheng had only one way left!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's mind began to spin rapidly. He was crazily absorbing the memories in his mind, the memories projected by the will of the Great Thousand World!
At this moment, he included the memories of all the mountains in the Great Thousand World in his mind!
Mountains, mountains …
Eastern Region, Purgatory Mountain, Jade Dragon Mountain, the 33 peaks, and the vast mountains in the north of the Eastern Region.
Central Domain, Western Mountain Range, Hundred Thousand Mountains, Nine Dragons Mountain.
The entire North Heaven Region had a total of 730,000 mountains of various sizes …
Divine Country Continent, 1.3 million mountains …
Sea God Continent, 860,000 mountains …
Apart from this, there were also numerous mountain ranges on barren islands …
There was also a Savage Land that was even larger than Divine Country Continent, and more than two million mountains …
In total, there were more than five million mountains!
With a thought, Luo Zheng calculated all the mountains!
After thinking for a bit, Luo Zheng excluded the Eastern Region. Just before the black light rushed toward Luo Zheng, he activated his strength transfer!
"Since I am already the representative of this Great Thousand World, I can be considered to have the right to control this Great Thousand World. Please help me pass through this disaster," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
The "you" Luo Zheng spoke of was actually for the Great Thousand World's will.
Although Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the entire Great Thousand World, he still couldn't be considered the master of this Great Thousand World. He couldn't resist this black light, and could only rely on the Great Thousand World to resist.
Of course, the will of the Great Thousand World was the collective body of all the creatures in the Great Thousand World. It wasn't a single person, nor did it have a specific thought process. For example, the little monster was the embodiment of the Great Thousand World's will, but even the little monster didn't know about this.
Luo Zheng said this only out of respect for the creatures of the Great Thousand World, and also out of respect for himself!
As soon as his voice fell, the black light already shot toward Luo Zheng.
Everyone present could only watch this scene in a daze. After seeing this black light, no one could think of resisting, because it was simply impossible to resist!
In an instant, the black light hit Luo Zheng's chest and quickly sank into it. In the next moment, Luo Zheng's entire body, including his clothes, lips, the whites of his eyes, and fingernails, turned black in an instant!
After this black light drilled into Luo Zheng's body, it instantly wrapped up every cell in Luo Zheng's body and then destroyed them! If someone could see inside Luo Zheng's body, they would find that his brain, internal organs, bones, blood vessels, and every drop of blood had turned black …
This was a method of obliteration. After obliterating Luo Zheng in this way, not even a strand of hair or a single cell in his body would be left in this world. It was a complete disappearance, a million times cleaner than burning bones and scattering ashes!
After a breath, an extremely terrifying power was released!
At the same time, every part and cell in Luo Zheng's body began to bear a huge impact of power!
Just as the energy of this black light began to bloom, the first mountain began to collapse!
"Boom …"