The two Snow Flood Dragons' nests were built in this mountain, but in an instant, the entire mountain disappeared. Caught off guard, the two Snow Flood Dragons started falling down from the sky. Although flying was an easy task for the Snow Flood Dragons, as they had awakened their intelligence, they couldn't understand what was happening in front of them. Why would a perfectly fine mountain suddenly disappear?
But, what happened next shocked the two Snow Flood Dragons. The towering mountains in front of them were disappearing at an incredible speed. Every time a mountain started collapsing, it would disappear in an instant!
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
The western region of the Central Domain was uninhabited. The mountains here were endless, and there were more than 50,000 to 60,000 of them. With so many mountains, even a Void Tribulation warrior would need a lot of time to travel across them.
But, right at this moment, all the mountains were destroyed in just a few breaths of time …
This strange scene didn't only happen in the western region of the Central Domain, all the mountains in the Central Domain were being destroyed!
On top of a 300 meter tall mountain south of Tianqi City, the three Alliance Chiefs of the Merchant Alliance were hosting a meeting. The participants were all the investors of the Merchant Alliance. Currently, only the World Business Alliance was the biggest organization in the entire Central Domain. However, Shi Kefan didn't have the ambition to establish a Sacred Land. Although the Merchant Alliance was a powerful organization, they were still businessmen at heart.
But, just as the crowd was about to gather, the small mountain under their feet suddenly started collapsing from the middle.
Everyone was shocked, and before they could react, the ground beneath their feet disappeared, and the entire small mountain was destroyed in an instant …
"Is … is this an enemy attack?" A Divine Core warrior screamed out. Although the shadow of the Kingdom of Evil Deities had disappeared, it had still left a deep impression on many warriors.
"Attack my ass!" Yan Yueshan who was floating in the air cursed.
Many warriors could destroy a mountain, and Yan Yueshan and the others could do the same. It was difficult to destroy a mountain, but the problem was, they couldn't destroy a mountain in an instant! This kind of divine ability had gone beyond their imagination!
Even worse was that along with an even more intense sound of collapse, the 1,500m tall White Named Mountain outside Heaven Awaken City had suddenly vanished ….
In Tianqi City, as long as one raised their head towards the south, they would be able to see the black shadow of Bai Ming Mountain. This mountain was like a giant, and it was guarding the southern region of Tianqi City. Right at this moment, the black shadow suddenly disappeared!
"Bai, Bai Ming Mountain is destroyed as well …" Yan Yueshan swallowed his saliva......... Everyone's eyes were filled with fear, but they had no idea what was happening....
............
Thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of mountains. Regardless of whether it was a 300-meter-tall hill or a 3000-meter-tall mountain, they were all annihilated by an irresistible force.
..........................
The mountains in the entire Great Wide World were constantly being annihilated.
Luo Zheng was still covered in a black shadow, as if he had just crawled out from a black swamp. He stood still, but his mind was still spinning rapidly. Through the new memories in his mind, Luo Zheng was trying to figure out how many mountains were left in the Great Thousand World!
5 million mountains …
4 million mountains …
3 million mountains …
2 million mountains …
1 million mountains …
"Even if all the mountains are destroyed, they still can't resist the power of this black light?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
He could feel the black light's power was still being unleashed, but he had no idea how much power it contained. But, Luo Zheng still had a powerful backing, the ocean and the continent …
Just now, Luo Zheng didn't choose the ocean as the target of the transfer of power!
Previously, in order to resist the power of the Heaven's Tribulation, Luo Zheng transferred most of the power to the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, which set off a huge tsunami. It was only because the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm intervened that the tsunami was stopped. Otherwise, the loss of the four Divine Kingdoms would be immeasurable. Those warriors might not be too afraid of the tsunami, but the civilians wouldn't. The casualties would be extremely heavy.
If the power of this black light was transferred to the ocean of the Great Thousand World, it would probably cause an unimaginable tsunami, perhaps a tsunami of tens of thousands of feet. Under such a tsunami, whether it was the Sea God Continent, the Divine Kingdom Continent, or the Central Domain, they would all be destroyed. Ninety-nine percent of the creatures would be destroyed. This was the reason why Luo Zheng didn't choose to transfer the power to the ocean.
Luo Zheng also didn't want to transfer the power directly to the continent. If he transferred the power to the Divine Kingdom Continent, it would fall apart in an instant, no matter how vast the Divine Kingdom Continent was!
But …
If Luo Zheng had no choice, he seemed to have to do this.
But this wasn't something he wanted to see!
Although the path of a warrior was one where the strong preyed on the weak, Luo Zheng didn't pursue strength alone. He didn't want to blindly pursue power, and he didn't want to sacrifice hundreds of millions of creatures to achieve his goal.
This didn't mean that Luo Zheng was kind-hearted, benevolent, righteous, and compassionate. It was just that he didn't want to lose his last trace of humanity and break free from the so-called law of the jungle like a wild beast.
Five hundred thousand mountains …
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, and his brows were deeply furrowed.
Three hundred thousand mountains …
The speed at which the mountains were being annihilated was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination!
Two hundred thousand mountains …
At this moment, Luo Zheng's heart was beating faster and faster. He was about to face a difficult choice. Should he die? Or should he let hundreds of millions of creatures die?
This multiple-choice question was very simple for many martial artists. But to Luo Zheng, it was too difficult …
One hundred thousand mountains …
Fifty thousand mountains …
Ten thousand mountains …
If all these mountains were annihilated, and the power of the black light still didn't weaken, Luo Zheng might have to use the mountains in the Eastern Territory.
He thought about the 33 peaks where he used to live. There were countless disciples cultivating there, and most of them were Xiantian lifeforms who couldn't fly. If those mountains were annihilated, who knew how many people would die?
Just as Luo Zheng's face became more and more unsightly, he finally felt the power of the black energy begin to weaken …
This black light came with great momentum, but it also left quickly. Almost in the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng's originally black body began to change, and the black energy quickly disappeared!
Luo Zheng's body seemed to be washed clean, and soon returned to normal.
"I made it through …" At this time, Luo Zheng's face didn't have the slightest trace of joy. Instead, it revealed a trace of sadness.
He had indeed made it through without paying too much of a price, but the whole Vast Thousand World had paid the price in Luo Zheng's place.
Although there weren't many creatures in those mountains, there were five million mountains. The number of creatures sacrificed, including humans, was definitely not small …
"Luo Zheng, he withstood that black light. Even so, it couldn't kill him. This guy is really …" Bai Yuerong was so shocked that even breathing became difficult.
Many Divine Sea Realm experts were also silent. They knew Luo Zheng could transfer power. That little monster of the Nine Cauldrons Martial House had demonstrated this ability in front of them more than once, but no one knew what the limit of this ability was. Could it be that he could transfer power without limit?
These Divine Sea Realm experts didn't know the origin of that black light, but as far as they were concerned, it was easy to annihilate so many Divine Sea Realm experts here. Even if there were a hundred times more Deep Sea Realm experts here, they still wouldn't be able to resist that black light!
Even so, Luo Zheng could still resist such an attack. What did he sacrifice? Where did he transfer the power to?
There were no mountains on the Feather Emperor Island, so the Divine Sea Realm experts didn't know that all the mountains on the continent of the Divine Nation had disappeared …
Zhou Huang couldn't help but be curious. He asked, "Tianxing, I know you used your power to transfer power, but … where did you transfer the power to?"
Luo Zheng blinked and then answered, "Mountains, mountains …"
"Mountains? How many mountains? "Zhou Huang asked curiously.
"The whole world," Luo Zheng said sadly.
(Thank you to Hops Dancing Shadow for the 3000 coins tip! Thank you to Gan Hao for the 500 coins tip! Thank you to Akesia for the tip! Thank you for your encouraging messages!!! I recommend a book, "The Strongest Bodyguard in History," written by a god. It's an absolute masterpiece!)
＝＝＝＝＝