The whole world …
Many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were speechless …
"In other words, all the mountains in the four Divine Kingdoms have been destroyed?" Zhou Huang asked again.
"Not only the four Divine Kingdoms, but also the Central Domain and other places. Almost all the mountains in the Great Thousand World have been destroyed," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
In fact, when Luo Zheng said that he would transfer the power to the mountains, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators already had a rough idea.
When a Divine Sea Realm cultivator attacked, such as War Emperor Yu the Great, the transfer of power by Luo Zheng would be enough to destroy a mountain range …
The power emitted by the black eye was so terrifying, and the power contained in the black light was unimaginably powerful. If all the power was transferred to the mountains, how many mountains would it take?
There were many mountains and mountain ranges in the entire Divine Kingdom. No one had done a specific count, but with a rough estimate, there should be at least a few hundred thousand mountains, right?
So many mountains, were they not enough to offset the power contained in the black light?
How many mountains would it take to offset the power? One thousand? Ten thousand? Or one hundred thousand?
The correct answer was close to five million …
All the mountains in the world, except for the ones in the Eastern Domain, were destroyed.
Those Divine Sea Realm cultivators were silent for a while. Then, their expressions changed drastically. In the end, they were only shocked. They could not estimate the impact this would have on the whole Great Thousand World.
What was the limit of Luo Zheng's transfer of power?
He could transfer power to the whole Great Thousand World at will. Could it be that he represented the whole Great Thousand World?
Finally, someone came to this conclusion. Of course, they still could not guess that Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the world. From a certain point of view, Luo Zheng was the whole Great Thousand World!
"What is that black eye?" Tianfeng War Emperor let out a long sigh and asked in a low voice.
The power of one move could destroy the mountains of the whole world. What was that thing …?
The most important thing was that the owner of the eye must have thought that Luo Zheng was too insignificant to block the Black Ray's killing blow. Therefore, after releasing the Black Ray, he left this world.
Just a casually released ray of black light could destroy all the mountains in the world. If he released a few more rays of black light, wouldn't he be able to destroy the entire Upper-Class World?
What kind of existence was that? Everyone found it hard to imagine …
"I don't know." Luo Zheng shook his head. Even Qinglong couldn't answer this question, so naturally, Luo Zheng couldn't.
However, White Brow Daoist said, "I don't know what it is, but to have such power, such a powerful existence, it has to be at least at the level of a Celestial Venerable. Perhaps it is a Celestial Venerable!"
"At least at the level of a Celestial Master?" Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
Heavenly Venerate powerhouses were top-notch existences even in the universe. Destroying a Great Wide World wasn't too difficult for them.
However, the Azure Dragon expressed the opposite opinion in his mind. "It doesn't have to be a Celestial Venerable to be able to do this. A Realm Lord from the Upper Realm is enough to destroy a Greater Thousand World. However, whether it's a Realm Lord or a Celestial Venerable, they can't do this so easily. I can't determine the origin of this eye …"
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded.
He couldn't determine the origin of this eye. Who was it? Why did it target him?
No matter what, with the support of the whole world, Luo Zheng could be considered to have survived a disaster! As for the last strange black eye … it could be considered a part of the Heavenly Tribulation.
Of course, Luo Zheng was not a foolish person. He was also vigilant. Luo Zheng shouldn't have any powerful enemies in the Upper Realm. There must be a reason why the black eye targeted him. What was the reason that his blooming lotus alarmed it? Or was there some other reason? No matter what, he had to be very careful in the future.
Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Life and Death Realm, the slowly rotating True Essence in his body was as viscous as glue. This way, his Dantian could bear more True Essence, and the True Essence itself was more condensed. His strength had also increased by a lot.
After completing the breakthrough in his cultivation, Luo Zheng set his goal on the Heavenly Star Mystery Territory. He had promised to help Qinglong obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg, so he had to make this trip no matter what. However, before he set off, Luo Zheng had to deal with the things in his hands first …
However, when Luo Zheng approached the pyramid, he felt a very strange atmosphere. Everyone looked at him in a completely different way.
Most of the Divine Sea Realm experts believed the words of Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the Saintess. They were well aware that Luo Zheng did not come from the four Divine Kingdoms. Although they were not as hostile as Battle Emperor Yu the Great, they were definitely not close to Luo Zheng. Instead, they felt like they were trying to sort him out.
However, there was a trace of kindness in everyone's eyes now. It was as if they were completely treating Luo Zheng as a family member …
Being stared at by dozens of old monsters like this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill in his heart. He suddenly suspected that these Divine Sea Realm experts had taken the wrong medicine.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not know that he had become a treasure in the eyes of these Divine Sea Realm experts. At this time, Luo Zheng had become the key to opening the Ascension Passage. Not only that, Luo Zheng, who had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower, had a bright future in the Ascension World. It was definitely not a bad thing to have a good relationship with Luo Zheng.
While feeling this chill, Luo Zheng said, "Okay, now it's time to distribute the minerals that we have excavated!"
Luo Zheng did not intend to take all the precious minerals that were excavated from the top of the mining tree. First of all, he was not a blacksmith. Although most of the minerals were precious, they were not of much use to Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng had asked Qinglong to identify them. Some of the minerals could be used to create high-level divine runes. Luo Zheng would keep these things.
As for the other things, Luo Zheng intended to let Zhou Huang distribute them. After all, he was in the territory of the four Divine Kingdoms. Although these things were excavated by Luo Zheng himself, it was unrealistic for him to take all of them for himself.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, a Divine Sea Realm expert said with a smile, "Distribute? Little friend Tianxing, those minerals were excavated by you alone. It doesn't seem appropriate to distribute them to everyone like this, does it? "
"That's right." Zhou Huang grinned and said, "There are many minerals among them. They are all priceless. How can we just give them to others? However, we do need some of them. Tianxing, sell them to us at a price!"
"This …" Luo Zheng was speechless. He deeply suspected that these Divine Sea Realm experts had taken the wrong medicine. Why did their attitudes take a 360-degree turn after he transcended a tribulation?
Could it be that they were plotting something …
Taoist Bai Mei and Bai Yuerong were both quietly sizing up Luo Zheng. The news about Luo Zheng must be reported through the Reverse Spirit Channel. However, now was not the time. It was better to wait until Luo Zheng had processed the minerals.
Luo Zheng couldn't find an answer after thinking for a while. He even communicated with Qinglong in his mind for a while. Qinglong couldn't figure out what these guys were thinking either. After all, Qinglong didn't know that Luo Zheng was bound to the Ascension Channel.
Unable to figure it out, Luo Zheng simply ignored this problem. Instead, he took out the minerals one by one from the Sumeru Ring.
Previously, when Luo Zheng was excavating, many Divine Sea Realm experts were eagerly watching the whole process. They knew very well what kind of minerals Luo Zheng had.
There weren't many minerals in the 45th to 47th layers, but each of them had a peculiar shape.
For example, the first crystal that Luo Zheng took out. When he took it out of the Sumeru Ring, it slipped through Luo Zheng's fingers like water and fell to the ground. However, the blue liquid soon merged with each other and formed a small ball that kept bouncing on the ground.