Luo Zheng had once learned from Xun that even in the Upper Realm, True Origin Stones were one of the main circulating currencies.
Since these Divine Sea Realm experts were stupid and were willing to give him True Origin Stones, how could he refuse?
However, what Luo Zheng didn't expect was that as soon as he finished speaking, a Divine Sea Realm Almighty laughed and said, "I cultivate the Water Law, and I happen to need this Water Core. How about I buy it for 30,000 top-grade True Origin Stones?"
Thirty thousand top-grade True Essence Stones was a considerable amount. Luo Zheng didn't hesitate, and the first transaction was concluded just like that.
There were many precious ores in his ring. This batch of ores was worth around 30,000 to 50,000. There were even a few that went up to 100,000!
One had to know that a Divine Kingdom's treasury would only have around 200,000 to 300,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. However, the Divine Sea Realm experts were usually rich and could afford this price.
Therefore, after Luo Zheng valued the ores one by one, he estimated that he had around 3 million top-grade True Origin Stones.
This place could be considered to be as rich as a nation, and as rich as a God Nation …
After processing the ores, Luo Zheng took out the "Soul Cores" and gave them to Zhou Huang.
These "Soul Cores" were the key to entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Luo Zheng didn't have much use for them. He only needed to ensure that he could enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
However, Luo Zheng was still very interested in how to use these Soul Cores.
These Divine Sea Realm experts came to Feather Emperor Island to kill Ore Devouring Bugs in hopes of obtaining one or two Soul Cores. However, they unexpectedly obtained more than 100 Soul Cores. This time, there were enough spots for the exploration of the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
"Okay, since the Soul Cores have been distributed, it's time to fly to the Divine Emperor Secret Realm! Tianxing, I'll bring you along! "Tianfeng War Emperor suddenly said with a smile.
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors glared at the Tianfeng War Emperor, but in their minds, they were cursing this sly old fox. He was going to make the first move. He was probably going to sacrifice his own daughter …
However, the Tianfeng War Emperor had stood up for Luo Zheng before, so he could be considered to have taken the initiative.
Luo Zheng nodded and didn't express any objection. In fact, after breaking through to the Life and Death Realm, he could rely on his own strength to deal with the Blood Sacrifice Force of the Sky Feather Saint Ocean. He didn't need anyone's help. However, the Tianfeng War Emperor's hospitality made it difficult for him to refuse.
"Wait." At this moment, Bai Yuerong walked towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng frowned when he saw Bai Yuerong. This woman was his only enemy in the four Divine Kingdoms. It was also because of her that he had been targeted by Battle Emperor Yu the Great.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng asked gloomily.
Bai Yuerong smiled and suddenly took out a rhombus-shaped purple crystal from her hand and aimed it at Luo Zheng.
"What do you mean?" Seeing the crystal aimed at him, Luo Zheng showed a trace of vigilance.
Bai Yuerong said calmly, "Don't be afraid. It's just a recording of you."
"A recording?" Luo Zheng asked.
The crystal in Bai Yuerong's hand was equivalent to the crystal used to make a letter tablet. It could seal a recording. However, her crystal could pass through a reverse spirit channel. As the Saintess of the Secret Sect, she shouldered the responsibility of communicating with the upper and lower realms.
Now that a warrior who had opened a Mahayana Lotus Flower had appeared in the four Divine Kingdoms and had opened a total of thirty-five lotus leaves, she had to report this person truthfully.
Seeing Luo Zheng's resistance, the White Eyebrows Daoist explained to Luo Zheng with a smile.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood why the Divine Sea Realm experts' attitudes had suddenly changed. So this was the reason.
However, which branch of the human race in the upper realm did this human belong to?
Was it Yun Luo's branch? Or was it Daoist Tian Miao's branch? Or was it another human force?
Luo Zheng didn't ask. He had never been to the upper realm's human race and didn't have a clear understanding of the human race's strength. Since this was the case, it was better for him to play dumb.
After Bai Yuerong was done, the Tianfeng War Emperor waved his sleeves and a stream of True Essence gushed out. It wrapped Luo Zheng, Huo Chen, Huo Yun 'er, and the others. Then, he felt a powerful force pulling him up into the sky and flying towards the depths of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
The other Divine Sea Realm experts also flew up. Yan Wang, Zhou Ning, and the others were also brought away from the Feather Emperor Island.
However, not everyone was qualified to enter the Divine Emperor Secret Realm. In fact, only a small portion of the Divine Sea Realm experts would enter the Divine Emperor Secret Realm every year. This was because there were only so many soul cores. It was useless no matter how many people went …
This time, the four Divine Kingdoms could be considered to have "struck it rich". The number of soul cores suddenly increased by several times. Therefore, other than the Divine Sea Realm experts, a few of the younger generation could also be brought along.
However, this was only limited to the crown princes and princes of the Divine Kingdoms. The rest of the god-tier geniuses could only return home.
Luo Zheng was wrapped in the Tianfeng War Emperor's True Essence as he flew through the sky. The Tianfeng War Emperor took this opportunity to talk to Luo Zheng about all sorts of things.
As the King of a Divine Kingdom, he was actually asking about Luo Zheng's background. He was like a matchmaker. Luo Zheng was still speechless. However, Luo Zheng still answered him one by one.
It was only when the Tianfeng War Emperor suddenly asked Luo Zheng if he was married that Luo Zheng realized what the War Emperor meant.
Glancing sideways, he glanced at Huo Yuner next to him. Huo Yuner buried her head very low, and her ears were red.
Luo Zheng smiled and replied, "I'm not married. However, my family has already made a promise."
In Luo Zheng's opinion, when he returned to the Central Domain, he would fulfill his promise and hold the Dual Cultivation Ceremony.
Hearing Luo Zheng's reply, the Tianfeng War Emperor revealed a disappointed expression. He wanted to arrange a marriage for his daughter. Although it was normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines, it was even more so in the world of cultivators. His own harem of beauties was far more than three thousand. However, as the Princess of a Divine Kingdom, she couldn't possibly be a concubine like ordinary people.
The Tianfeng War Emperor was still muttering to himself. Huo Yun 'er's face was also filled with anger.
She had always been obedient in front of her Emperor Father. However, when her Emperor Father talked about matchmaking in front of her, she couldn't bear it anymore. Furthermore, when she heard that Luo Zheng had already made a promise, she was slightly disappointed. However, she grumbled, "Emperor Father, don't ask about these things."
The Tianfeng War Emperor still had a benevolent smile on his face as he said, "What's wrong with asking? Aren't I thinking for your sake?"
Huo Yun 'er fiercely glared at her Emperor Father. Her gaze faintly revealed a complicated expression.
Since ancient times, beauties loved heroes. Ever since Luo Zheng defeated her by the West Dragon River, Huo Yun 'er's heart had indeed been moved. However, she was still a young girl who wasn't even twenty years old. How could she be willing to reveal her feelings? Now that her Emperor Father had brought it up, she couldn't hold her face back.
Fortunately, at this moment, a black island appeared in front of everyone.
Even though there was still a distance between them, everyone could feel the layers of Yin Qi emitted from the island. This was one of the Four Great Secret Realms of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, the Divine Emperor Secret Realm.
This Divine Emperor Secret Realm was actually the graveyard of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
In this graveyard, there were millions of corpses of the Dragon Bloodline Clan!
After the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Blood Sacrifice, all the living creatures of the clan had turned into a cloud of blood mist, which turned into a dense curse energy that spread throughout the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean.
However, the corpses in the graveyard weren't living creatures. Therefore, these corpses weren't affected by the Blood Sacrifice.
Frankly speaking, if it weren't for the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms wouldn't be interested in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm. They might be able to obtain some funerary items in this graveyard, but many Divine Sea Realm Almighties didn't care about it at all!
However, the Blood Sacrifice in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was too strong. Even Divine Sea Realm Almighties couldn't resist the Blood Sacrifice. In the end, they figured out a helpless method, which was to use the Soul Cores to control the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Then, they would use the corpses to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
This was the reason why everyone came to the Divine Emperor Secret Realm!