The entire Divine Emperor Island was a huge graveyard. The color of the graveyard was black.
On the beach of the Divine Emperor Island, the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators had been waiting for a long time. When they saw Huo Yuner, Zhou Ning, and the rest of the younger generation beside the four monarchs, they all had strange expressions.
"Monarch, why did you bring them to the Divine Emperor Secret Realm?" A Divine Sea Realm cultivator of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom couldn't help but ask.
This group of Divine Sea Realm cultivators waited here instead of going to the Feather Emperor Island. Therefore, they didn't know that Luo Zheng had obtained the Black Star Pickaxe and a large number of "soul cores".
Because there weren't enough soul cores every year, these Divine Sea Realm cultivators fought to be the first to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Therefore, every year, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators would quarrel over the right to obtain "soul cores".
When there weren't enough soul cores to go around, some Divine Sea Realm cultivators even suggested that everyone should have a competition.
However, on second thought, this suggestion was too unrealistic. When Divine Sea Realm cultivators fought, their power was too great. If they fought like this, the Divine Emperor Island would be destroyed in just a few rounds …
This conflict hadn't been resolved even until now. But why did the monarchs bring the princes and crown princes here? Why did Luo Tianxing come as well? Were they planning to give some of the soul cores to the younger generation this year?
However, Zhou Huang smiled faintly and said, "Zhou Qing, take out all the spare Spirit Shrines!"
Hearing this, the Divine Sea Realm cultivator named Zhou Qing was shocked. "Monarch, how many soul cores did you get this time? Do we need to use the spare Spirit Cages? "
The Spirit Cages were used to activate the soul cores. They were also made by the craftsmen of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Before leaving this year, they counted the soul cores. There were 29 soul cores, which meant 29 Spirit Cages were needed to store the soul cores.
Normally, on the Feather Emperor Island, one would be lucky to get one soul core after killing all the Ores Devouring Bugs. Getting two soul cores was unprecedented. It hadn't been seen for decades.
Could it be that the monarchs were so lucky this time that they got three or even four soul cores?
Spirit Niches weren't anything precious. Zhou Qing had prepared two hundred spirit niches, but no matter how many spirit niches there were, they would be useless if they didn't have soul cores.
Zhou Huang smiled faintly and said, "Take out all the spirit cages. We've obtained more than a hundred soul cores this time."
"What?!"
"More than a hundred soul cores! Doesn't that mean everyone can enter the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm? "
"How is this possible? There should only be this much in the mining trees, right? It's impossible for the Ore Devouring Bugs to dig them all out! "
Not only did the Ore Devouring Bugs have to dig out the soul cores, they had to dig them out in the next few days. Otherwise, the ores would be digested by the Ore Devouring Bugs if they took too long.
That was why they didn't believe that the soul core had been retrieved from the Ore Devouring Bug's stomach.
However, a Spirit Sea Realm warrior asked, "My Lord, did you figure out a way to open the top leaf?"
After thinking about it, this was the only possibility. However, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors knew very well how difficult it was to dig out the top leaf. That was why they all looked serious and excited at the same time.
Zhou Huang smiled and said, "Everyone, we have to thank Tian Xing. These soul cores were all dug out by him, one by one."
His words shocked the Spirit Sea Realm warriors again. As for the twenty or so Spirit Sea Realm warriors who rushed over from the Feather Emperor Island, they were all smiling. They were also shocked at the beginning. None of them expected Luo Zheng to be able to retrieve the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, compared to the Black Star Pickaxe and the mining trees, they weren't as shocked as Luo Zheng's Heavenly Tribulation …
After that, Zhou Huang recounted what happened on the Feather Emperor Island to the Spirit Sea Realm warriors. When the Spirit Sea Realm warriors looked at Luo Zheng again, their expressions changed.
Repairing the Ascension Passage … To them, this was unprecedented good news. Compared to this good news, exploring the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm seemed like a small matter.
However, the Spirit Sea Realm warrior called Zhou Qing still quickly took out the spare Spirit Cages.
Luo Zheng saw that the so-called Spirit Cages were small boxes. These small boxes were exquisitely made. They were big at the top and small at the bottom. The bottom was supported by four small legs. The most special thing about these boxes was their material. Luo Zheng tried to use his senses to check them out, but he was instantly repelled.
These Spirit Cages seemed to be able to block spiritual senses …
Seeing the Spirit Sea Realm warriors busy setting up these cages, Luo Zheng just stood to one side quietly. No matter what, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors wouldn't stop him from entering the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm. He just had to wait.
After setting up the Spirit Cages, Zhou Huang started to distribute the soul cores.
Because there were enough soul cores this time, not only did all the Spirit Sea Realm warriors get a soul core, but Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, Zhou Zhihua, Zhou Ning, and the other princes and princes also got one.
Of course, because Liu Xiu's soul was injured, it wasn't suitable for him to enter the Divine Emperor Secret Realm this time.
After all the preparations were done, the Tianfeng War Emperor said, "Okay, this exploration of the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm will probably have the largest number of people in recent years. The corpses that everyone occupies should be more powerful! However, this will depend on everyone's abilities! "
After the Tianfeng War Emperor made his announcement, some Spirit Sea Realm warriors sat down cross-legged in front of the Spirit Cages. Then, they took out the soul cores in their hands. After the soul cores were taken out, they spun and emitted a strange power.
Then, they threw the soul cores into the Spirit Cages. The moment the soul cores sank into the Spirit Cages, a strong suction force shot out from the Spirit Cages.
On the other side of the Spirit Cages, a faint black shadow appeared. It was visible to the naked eye!
"Spiritual Body?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was so surprised, Yan Wang said, "This Spirit Cages can help our souls leave our bodies and enter the graveyard to occupy the corpses."
If a warrior's soul was strong enough, he could take over the corpses. However, if he wanted to control the corpses, he had to rely on the soul cores to temporarily occupy the corpses!
At this time, many Spirit Sea Realm warriors were sitting beside the Spirit Cages. They threw their soul cores into the Spirit Cages. Their souls were sucked into the Spirit Cages. After they fused with the soul cores, they turned into black shadows and rushed forward.
Yan Wang, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the others followed suit and threw their soul cores into the Spirit Cages. After a while, three black shadows appeared from the side of the Spirit Cages. From the shape of the black shadows, one could vaguely recognize the three of them. For example, Huo Yuner's soul was exquisite and delicate, while Huo Chen's soul was burly …
Seeing this, Luo Zheng also threw his soul core into the Spirit Cages. After a while, he felt a strong suction force coming from the Spirit Cages!
This suction force was targeted at Luo Zheng's soul. Luo Zheng didn't choose to resist it. Instead, he threw his soul into the Spirit Cages!
Soon, Luo Zheng felt that his soul had fused with the soul core. Then, he appeared on the other side of the Spirit Cages. His soul could leave his body and move freely.
After his soul left his body, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, Yan Wang, and the others all looked over at him …
For example, the souls of King Yan, Zhou Ning, and Huo Yuner were all grey and showed signs of instability. On the other hand, the souls of the Divine Sea Realm warriors were pitch black. The souls of the Combat Soul Realm warriors looked very stable.
However, Luo Zheng's soul was shining with a green luster! In addition, there was also a faint trace of bright light in his soul. That was the will of the Great Wide World!
"Luo Zheng, your soul …" Huo Yuner used her consciousness to communicate with Luo Zheng.
Before this, Luo Zheng's soul was hidden in his mind. No one could see it unless they entered his mind. Now, it couldn't be hidden anymore.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said to them, "Let's go. Let's go!"
Many souls that had fused with their soul cores entered the depths of the Divine Emperor Secret Realm at this moment.
The Divine Emperor Secret Realm was a perfectly renovated cemetery. After these souls flew for a short distance, they stopped at the entrance of the cemetery. Next to the entrance of the cemetery, there was a lamp hanging.
"All of you, wait for a moment." A Spirit Sea Realm warrior released his consciousness and immediately enveloped Luo Zheng and the others.
＝＝＝＝＝