Now that everyone was in the form of a soul, their relative strength must have been greatly weakened.
Luo Zheng was still fine. His soul was originally stronger than others in the same realm. Although he hadn't reached the Blue Soul Realm, after merging with the Will of the Realm, even the souls of Divine Sea Realm experts were far inferior to his.
The lamp hanging in front of the graveyard was a tomb-guarding lamp!
This Gravekeeper Lamp hanging here could pierce all souls. The Divine Sea Realm expert stopped Huo Yuner and the other juniors because he was afraid that their souls would be destroyed by this Gravekeeper Lamp.
Luo Zheng stood still and didn't move. He was trying to communicate with Qinglong in his mind. The Battle Emperors and Battle Emperors had been searching for the Ancestral Dragon Egg in the Tian Chen Mystery Realm for so many years, but they still hadn't taken it out. If Luo Zheng wanted to get it, he had to get Qinglong's help.
The Dragon Bloodline Clan and Qinglong were both part of the True Dragon Clan. He might need Qinglong's help.
However, after communicating, he soon got a response from Qinglong. It didn't seem to be a big problem. Luo Zheng was relieved.
"Wait a moment. You can go in after the Gravekeeper Lamp goes out!" the Divine Sea Realm expert said to Luo Zheng and the others.
Then, Luo Zheng saw a black shadow rushing into the cemetery at an incredible speed!
The moment the black shadow rushed in, the Gravekeeper Lamp suddenly emitted a dazzling light that shot toward the soul.
"This light is also a soul attack!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched. There were many magical things in the Dragon Bloodline Clan.
However, that black shadow was also the soul of a Divine Sea Realm expert. When the light of the Gravekeeper Lamp shot toward him, part of his soul suddenly changed shape and turned into a shield in front of him.
"Soul Shield." Seeing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
The soul of that Divine Sea Realm expert was only at the Battle Soul Realm. Even so, he had to do this to resist the Gravekeeper Lamp.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, he should be able to walk over directly without suffering too much damage …
Not long after the Divine Sea Realm expert's soul rushed over, the Gravekeeper Lamp suddenly flickered and then gradually dimmed.
At this moment, the other Divine Sea Realm experts' souls entered in a line. As for the younger generation like Luo Zheng, they followed behind.
This huge cemetery almost occupied the entire Divine Imperial Island. Exquisite tombstones stood on both sides of the road. The ground was covered with a thick layer of dust.
It had been many years since anyone had set foot in this place. Even the people of the four Divine Kingdoms had only used their soul bodies to enter this place.
"There are over a million corpses of the Dragon Bloodline here? So many years have passed, those corpses should have long turned into skeletons, right? "Luo Zheng used his consciousness to communicate with Huo Yuner and the rest.
He didn't expect Huo Yuner to be even worse than Luo Zheng. She didn't know the situation at all. Instead, she was a bit worried. "Isn't it disrespectful to occupy other people's bodies?"
Among the younger generation of warriors, only Prince Yan could answer this question. He said to Luo Zheng, "As far as I know, the corpses we want to occupy are not here. They are in the depths of the cemetery. The corpses buried under these tombstones are ordinary people. Their corpses have not undergone any special treatment. Not to mention the corpses, even the skeletons have turned into dust after so many years and completely disappeared from this world."
Luo Zheng nodded. Ordinary bodies couldn't cross thousands or even tens of thousands of years without being treated with a secret method.
Those Divine Sea Realm experts' souls led the way in the front. Behind them, there were only a dozen or so juniors.
Although it was dark and gloomy all around, they didn't encounter any danger.
After walking for a distance, a flight of stairs appeared in front of everyone. On both sides of the stairs, there were platforms built in circles. These platforms were arranged like terraced fields.
On this platform, there were many houses. These houses were only about the height of a person, and there were many coffins placed in them!
Luo Zheng raised his head and counted. These terraced platforms had a total of 13 levels. The first level had the most platforms. There were about a thousand of them. On each platform, there were three houses. On the second level, there were two houses. The higher they went, the fewer platforms there were. The number of houses and coffins also decreased.
Many souls came to the bottom of the platforms, but they didn't step on them.
At this moment, a Divine Sea Realm expert said to Luo Zheng and the others, "The bodies on these platforms are arranged according to their strength and status. The higher the level of the body, the more powerful it was when it was alive. This time, when I brought you into the Godly Emperor Secret Realm, I didn't want you to occupy a powerful body! You just have to be careful of the Soul Purifying Light on the steps. This Soul Purifying Light can purify your soul in an instant! With the strength of your souls, you have no room to resist! You have to be careful! In a while, we will climb up. When the Soul Purifying Light flashes, you will enter the platform on the side. Understand? "
Luo Zheng, Huo Yuner, and the others didn't quite understand, but they still nodded.
These Divine Sea Realm experts naturally didn't expect these juniors to do anything. However, now that they had obtained so many soul cores at once, they suddenly felt like they had become nouveau riche. That was why they brought the princes and princes of the four Divine Kingdoms in here to train …
However, accidents could happen during the training. That was why they specially arranged people to warn Luo Zheng and the others about some things they should pay attention to in this Godly Emperor Secret Realm.
Just as the Divine Sea Realm expert finished speaking, a ray of light rushed down from the center of the steps!
That ray of light lit up layer by layer, spreading all the way down from the top of the steps. When it reached the end of the last step, the tens of thousands of steps suddenly flashed with intense light. It was as if the steps in front of them were made of light.
The Divine Sea Realm experts were still fine. It wasn't their first time entering the cemetery. For people like Huo Chen, Huo Yuner, Yan Wang, and the others, when they saw the light on the steps, their faces immediately revealed a fearful expression.
The light lasted for about ten breaths of time before it quickly dimmed. The moment the light dimmed, the Heaven Wind War Emperor, who was at the front, ordered, "Everyone, go!"
At this moment, all the souls silently shot up the steps!
Luo Zheng also shot up at this moment. Yan Wang, Huo Yuner, and the others followed closely behind him!
Everyone's souls were rapidly climbing up the steps. However, not a single sound was emitted. Souls themselves couldn't make any sound. Furthermore, souls could only communicate with each other through their consciousness. Even if there was a sound, no one could hear it!
After running up the steps for about ten breaths of time, a ray of light suddenly appeared at the top of the steps. Then, that ray of light started to spread downwards at an extremely fast speed!
"Retreat! Onto the platforms! " The Heaven Wind War Emperor's consciousness spread out. In an instant, everyone rushed towards the platforms on both sides!
The Heaven Wind War Emperor stood on a platform on the left. His eyes were locked onto Huo Yuner and Huo Chen. Among all his children, he cared about these two the most. Of course, he was worried that Huo Yuner wouldn't be able to reach the platform in time and would be purified by the Soul Purifying Light …
As the Soul Purifying Light spread downwards, everyone had already jumped onto the platforms on both sides. No one was harmed.
Now, they had only reached the second level. The platforms were connected to each other. Luo Zheng gave the coffin a glance.
"Are the corpses in the coffin perfectly fine?" With that thought in mind, Luo Zheng decided to use his consciousness to probe the coffin. But too bad, as soon as his consciousness spread out, it was blocked by the coffin.
Needless to say, this coffin seemed to be made of the same material as the coffin. It was able to completely isolate the consciousness from the outside world.
Seeing this, Yan Wang smiled and said, "The corpses on the second level are too weak. They are only at the Divine Core realm. There's no value in occupying them. We should at least choose the corpses on the upper level!"
Luo Zheng nodded his head with a smile. He knew that using corpses to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was very important. Corpses that were too weak would have a hard time moving around in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Therefore, choosing the corpses this time was very important.
This time, Luo Zheng looked at the top level. He wondered how strong the corpses on the top level were. Were they the corpses of Divine Sea warriors?