Luo Zheng had no idea how strong the corpse he would be able to find would be. But, when it came to choosing, the higher the better.
The Soul Purifying Light on the stairs lasted for about ten breaths of time, then it started fading away.
Right when the Soul Purifying Light was fading away, the Tianfeng War Emperor's order was transmitted to all the warriors in his consciousness.
"Let's go!"
All the warriors on both sides of the stairs immediately left the platforms and started rushing up the stairs.
Every time the Soul Purifying Light dimmed, there would be a gap of ten breaths of time. Taking advantage of this gap, the warriors were able to climb up another floor.
Flying at high speed, the warriors passed a few dozen stairs. When the light at the top lit up, the Tianfeng War Emperor gave out another order, "Retreat! Split up and go to the platforms!"
Without making any noise, all the souls flew up to the platforms on both sides of the third level. There were many houses lined up on both sides of the platforms. However, the warriors in the coffins underneath the houses were only at the Late Divine Core realm.
The Dragon Bloodline was stronger than all four Divine Kingdoms combined. There were countless Divine Core and Void Tribulation warriors in the four Divine Kingdoms, so the number of Divine Core warriors in the Dragon Bloodline was definitely not small. However, there were only about 600 to 700 houses on the third floor.
Those Divine Core warriors who were buried here were definitely the core members of the Dragon Bloodline. But, they had died at a young age, and that was why their bodies were buried here.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't bother looking at the coffins. Weak corpses were useless to Luo Zheng.
Everyone was waiting for the Tianfeng War Emperor's order with a serious expression. The Soul Purifying Light was a fatal threat to the soul. Furthermore, the movement of over a hundred people couldn't be coordinated. If they were to hesitate and fall behind, the Soul Purifying Light would flicker on the stairs. If that happened, they would be in big trouble. Their soul would be purified in an instant, and their physical bodies would become corporeal …
"Don't let your guard down, the Soul Purifying Light will spread from top to bottom. The higher we go, the less time we have!" The Tianfeng War Emperor stared at the Soul Cleansing Light that resembled an upright cone of light. As the thin and long cones of light dimmed and dissipated, the Tianfeng War Emperor released his consciousness again. "Go!"
Everyone's movements were uniform. There was almost no pause or delay as they stepped onto the stairs again.
"Fourth floor, disperse!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor gave the order and jumped onto the platform beside him!
However, when the Tianfeng War Emperor jumped onto the platform and looked back, he was shocked. Huo Yuner was actually at the back!
Just now, when everyone jumped onto the platform, Huo Yuner took a few steps towards the side of the platform. She seemed to be observing the Dragon Bloodline Clan's inscriptions on the coffin and was slightly distracted.
When the Tianfeng War Emperor's consciousness spread out, Huo Yuner's movements were slightly slower.
Huo Yuner was slow by a beat, and fell to the very back. At this time, the majority of people had already jumped onto the platform, and the Soul Purifying Light on the platform covered them layer by layer!
The Soul Purifying Light was much stronger than the Gravekeeper Lamp at the entrance of the graveyard. Even if a Divine Sea Realm expert touched it slightly, his soul would be purified!
Seeing this, how could the Tianfeng War Emperor not be anxious?
"Sister!" Huo Chen was also anxious. Although he had a dull personality, he was very serious in his work. Therefore, when the Tianfeng War Emperor gave the order, Huo Chen followed the group and stepped onto the fourth floor.
Now that he saw Huo Yuner falling behind, how could he not be anxious? He didn't think too much and wanted to rush out to save Huo Yuner!
However, as soon as Huo Chen took the first step, a Divine Sea Realm expert with sharp eyes and agile hands blocked his path.
The Soul Cleansing Light had already lit up and extended from the top of the stairs. In just one or two breaths of time, Huo Chen rushing out was no different from committing suicide.
All the warriors looked at Huo Yuner who was on the stairs with a trace of regret in their eyes.
This Huo Yuner was truly a proud son of heaven. As a descendant of the phoenix and having a real phoenix as a contract beast, even if she ascended to the Upper World, she would not lose to the top geniuses of the Upper World. Her future achievements would probably be greater than those old monsters of the Spirit Sea Realm.
Was she going to die here today?
The Tianfeng War Emperor was even more anxious! But what was the use of being anxious? His soul was the most powerful among all the Divine Sea Realm experts. Even he didn't dare to touch the Soul Cleansing Light. There wasn't enough time!
However, at this moment, a figure dashed out!
"Luo Tianxing?"
"You can't go!"
"Luo Zheng! Don't go! "It was Zhou Huang who stopped Luo Zheng.
Even if Luo Zheng's soul was much stronger than the other warriors here, so what? There wasn't enough time. No matter how powerful his soul was, it was like throwing an ice cube into magma when it encountered the Soul Cleansing Light. It would be purified in an instant!
What was more, the others could die except for Luo Zheng!
The reason was simple. Luo Zheng was the only hope for these Divine Sea Realm experts to repair the ascension tunnel!
Dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts' consciousnesses floated over. All of them said the same thing: Luo Zheng, don't go down.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to these consciousnesses. His soul turned into a black shadow and shot down. At this moment, the Soul Cleansing Light had already spread down the stairs.
The dazzling Soul Cleansing Light formed slender light cones on the stairs and shot up into the sky. In one breath's time, the Soul Cleansing Light could cover all the stairs on the thirteenth floor. Now, it had already reached the fourth floor. In other words, in one third of a breath's time, the rest of the stairs would be covered.
Luo Zheng didn't have time to check the distance between him and the Soul Cleansing Light. The moment he dashed towards Huo Yuner, he held her in his arms and continued to dash forward.
He didn't want to save Huo Yuner and bring her back to the fourth floor. There was no time to do so in such a short time. Therefore, Luo Zheng held Huo Yuner in his arms and dashed towards the platform on the right side of the third floor!
Just as the Soul Cleansing Light spread under Luo Zheng's feet, Luo Zheng's and Huo Yuner's souls had already flown out. Because the impact was too great, Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner's souls flew out too fast. They couldn't defend themselves and flew over the platform on the third floor, falling heavily onto the platform on the second floor!
However, the moment they fell, Luo Zheng adjusted the angle and placed Huo Yuner on top of them. It was like his own soul acted as a "soul cushion".
Luo Zheng's soul was extremely strong. However, Huo Yuner was different. Before her soul entered the Battle Soul Realm, her soul was as weak as a newborn baby. Although Huo Yuner's soul had been tempered, it wasn't much stronger.
Huo Yuner, who was sitting on top of Luo Zheng, was still in a daze. Just now, she did hesitate for a moment. Actually, since she was late, she could have waited for the next wave of Soul Cleansing Light to disappear. However, because of her hesitation, her speed became even slower. She could only watch as the Soul Cleansing Light spread down layer by layer. She didn't have any space to dodge.
Seeing this scene, the dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts let out a long sigh of relief.
The Tianfeng War Emperor was worried about his daughter. After entering the Divine Sea Realm, the Tianfeng War Emperor didn't have many things to do. Therefore, he placed most of his attention on his daughter. He didn't want to lose his life while exploring the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. Seeing that Luo Zheng saved Huo Yuner's life, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face was filled with gratitude.
However, the other Divine Sea Realm experts were worried about Luo Zheng. They were waiting for the Saintess to inform the Upper Realm. If Luo Zheng died here, their hopes would be dashed. Compared to Huo Yuner's life, Luo Zheng's life was much more important. If they could have stopped Luo Zheng just now, they would never have allowed Luo Zheng to take such a risk!
The Soul Cleansing Light was still shining on the stairs. Huo Yuner climbed up from Luo Zheng's body and communicated with Luo Zheng using her consciousness, "Thank you."
Luo Zheng smiled. His consciousness flashed out, "No problem. Let's continue!"