In fact, it wasn't difficult to climb the steps in the cemetery. As long as one seized the opportunity, it wouldn't be too dangerous.
In the four Divine Kingdoms, except for the first time when a Spirit Sea Realm cultivator died without knowing about it, no one else had died in the process.
After the Soul Purifying Light had been extinguished twice, Luo Zheng and Huo Yuner returned to the fourth floor.
The Tianfeng War Emperor also expressed his gratitude to Luo Zheng. Then, the group started to climb the steps in the cemetery again.
The fifth floor, the sixth floor, the seventh floor … Many Divine Sea Realm experts managed to climb up safely. However, the higher they climbed, the shorter the interval between the Soul Purifying Light!
For Divine Sea Realm experts, the pressure wasn't too great. However, for Huo Yuner, Zhou Ning, and the other False Tribulation Realm experts, the pressure was increasing.
"Ning 'er, Zhi Hua, it will be too difficult for you to climb any further. Even if you manage to climb up, I'm afraid you won't be able to occupy the bodies of those experts. This floor should be your limit. You can occupy the corpses on this floor." Zhou Huang's divine sense slowly floated over.
Although these powerhouses had been dead for countless years, it wasn't easy to take over their corpses. The Soul Core could reduce the repulsive force of the corpse to the greatest extent, but the stronger the corpse, the stronger the repulsive force!
Zhou Ning, King Yan, Huo Yuner and the rest of the younger generation nodded their heads gently. Although they had followed their fathers into the Divine Emperor Mystery Land, to them, the experience was more important. They did not necessarily want to gain anything from it.
"Let me help you open the coffins." The Tianfeng War Emperor walked over from the side of the platform. He entered the room and stood beside a coffin.
After the Tianfeng War Emperor stood properly, he suddenly closed his eyes and murmured a few words. Then, he communicated with his divine sense, "These corpses have been here for countless years. You must maintain a basic level of respect for them."
Then, the Tianfeng War Emperor stretched out his hands. His hands suddenly changed shape and flowed along the grooves on the sides of the coffin. The soul could change shape at will. When a part of the Tianfeng War Emperor's soul entered the coffin, his soul fluctuated slightly. The soul power of the War Soul Realm suddenly erupted. Then, everyone saw the coffin being opened.
Inside the coffin lay a Life and Death Realm woman!
He didn't know what method the Dragon Bloodline used to preserve the corpse. After so many years, there wasn't the slightest bit of decay. The woman still maintained her peerless appearance. She was wearing a light blue palace dress. Other than her slightly pale face, she looked like she was asleep!
The Tianfeng War Emperor asked, "Which one of you will …"
However, as soon as he asked this question, everyone looked at him in surprise …
Of the younger generation of martial artists, only the most outstanding princes and the Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince were able to follow. The only woman was Huo Yuner.
Seeing everyone's astonished gazes, the Tianfeng War Emperor smiled awkwardly and said, "Yun 'er, you can control this corpse."
Huo Yuner blinked and stared at the body in the coffin, then nodded. "Yes!"
Controlling a corpse was completely different from seizing one's body. However, injecting one's soul into a corpse was definitely not a very pleasant experience. However, this was also the only way to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Territory.
After that, Huo Yuner leaped onto the coffin. Her face revealed a hesitant expression as she looked at her father.
The Tianfeng War Emperor smiled and walked to the side of the coffin. He stretched out his hand and suddenly pressed it on the corpse's head! The corpse suddenly opened its mouth, and its eyes suddenly opened.
Huo Yuner was, after all, a girl. Even though she knew that there wasn't anything scary about this corpse, she was still shocked.
"Don't be afraid. Just fuse with her," the Tianfeng War Emperor encouraged.
Huo Yuner stared blankly at the corpse. A determined expression appeared on her face. Then, she entered the corpse.
Following that, rays of grey light emerged from the corpse's head. These rays of grey light were the energy of the Soul Core. Previously, it had completely fused with the soul. However, after Huo Yuner fused with the corpse, it began to disperse throughout the corpse's body.
Seizing a corpse was completely different from seizing another's body. Seizing another's body did not require the help of a Soul Core. This was because the target of seizing another's body had to be alive. Seizing another's body would only damage the target's soul.
However, these corpses had been dead for countless years. All of their blood had dried up. The corpses were already dead. If one wanted to activate these corpses, they could only rely on tyrannical methods. The Soul Core was exactly that.
After the grey light merged with the corpse, the palace-robed lady's fingers suddenly moved. After a short while, her slowly closed eyes suddenly opened!
Following that, everyone saw the corpse's movements were extremely stiff. It flipped out of the coffin like an unskilled puppet and walked a few steps in a strange manner.
It was obvious that Huo Yuner was not very familiar with controlling this corpse. However, her movements quickly became more and more skillful. After a few breaths of time, Huo Yuner's legs were pressed together and she assumed a very ladylike posture. It was just like Huo Yuner's usual posture, tactful and elegant.
Luo Zheng revealed a faint smile. Even though she was controlling a corpse, she still maintained her original habits.
"I … I can control it …" Huo Yuner said. However, because she was controlling the corpse of the palace-robed lady, her voice was completely different.
"Very good." The Tianfeng War Emperor nodded. "We will help you open the other coffins. You can occupy these corpses."
Hence, a few Divine Sea Realm Almighties came over and opened the other coffins, revealing the corpses inside. Other than the first corpse of the palace-robed lady, the other corpses were all male.
These male corpses were all wearing golden armor. There were even high-grade Saint Artifacts placed beside them. These were probably the funerary objects.
King Yan, Crown Prince Zhou Ning, Huo Chen, and the other princes of the Divine Kingdoms also occupied a corpse.
This process did not take up too much time. It only took about the time it took for an incense stick to burn. After they occupied the corpse, Zhou Huang looked at Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng had reached the Life and Death Realm and his strength was hard to estimate, he was still one of the younger generation in the eyes of the Divine Sea Realm Almighties. The meaning of his gaze was simple. Should Luo Zheng also choose a corpse?
The Heavenly Star Secret Realm was not a place easy to enter. Challenging a powerful corpse was also a very important factor. Of course, Luo Zheng would not randomly choose a corpse.
Before they could say anything, Luo Zheng's consciousness had already floated out. "I will go up with you!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor chuckled. "Tianxing's soul is already close to the Blue Soul Realm. He is much stronger than us old guys. Of course, he is qualified to go up!"
Therefore, Luo Zheng followed the group of Divine Sea Realm Almighties and continued to climb up while avoiding the Soul-purifying Light.
As for Huo Yuner, King Yan, and the others, they had already occupied the corpses and their souls were deep in the minds of the corpses. The Soul-purifying Light targeted the soul. For them who already had a physical body, it could not cause any damage. Therefore, they did not avoid the Soul-purifying Light at all. They walked up the stairs unhurriedly.
The eighth floor, the ninth floor, the tenth floor …
The number of coffins on the platform of the third floor was decreasing. The cultivation of the corpses in the coffins was also getting stronger.
Starting from the tenth floor, the corpses in the coffins were already at the Divine Sea Realm!
"I'll take this floor." A Divine Sea Realm warrior chose to stay and take one of the corpses on the tenth floor. It seemed that this Divine Sea Realm warrior had just reached the Combat Soul Realm. If it weren't for the fact that Luo Zheng had dug out so many Soul Cores, he wouldn't have been able to enter this cemetery this year.
If he was not confident in the strength of his soul, it would be useless even if he went up. He might as well occupy the corpse on this floor.
Therefore, starting from the tenth floor, more and more Divine Sea Realm Almighties chose their corpses.
The eleventh floor …
The twelfth floor …
On these two floors, there were already 60 to 70 Divine Sea Realm Almighties who had escaped.
By the time they reached the 13th step, the vast majority of martial artists had already taken control of a corpse. Thus, they had all used their 'mortal' bodies to climb up the stairs. Only Luo Zheng, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, Battle Emperor Da Yu, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom King had not chosen to use their own corpses.
The five of them all set their sights on the thirteenth floor!
＝＝＝＝＝