The thirteenth floor was the top of the stairs. After Luo Zheng and the other four monarchs reached the top, they no longer needed to avoid the Soul Purifying Light.
At the top of the thirteenth floor was an open circular platform. Standing here, one could overlook the entire Divine Emperor Secret Realm. However, the Divine Emperor Secret Realm was only a huge cemetery. There wasn't much scenery to look at.
Around the platform, coffins were placed one after another!
From the first floor to the thirteenth floor, those who were able to place their corpses here were definitely the core members of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. The design of the coffins on each floor was very exquisite.
The coffins on the top floor were even more exquisite.
The coffins were engraved with profound divine runes. What was even more frightening was that most of the divine runes were flickering with a luster!
In other words, these divine runes were still in an activated state!
In order to activate the divine runes, one must continuously supply true essence. Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of curiosity. Could it be that below the cemetery, there was a huge true essence stone that continuously supplied true essence and kept the divine runes in an activated state?
"This, how is this done? How many true essence stones are needed to keep the divine runes in an activated state? " Luo Zheng pointed at the shining divine runes and asked. Even if there was a huge true essence stone, it couldn't keep the divine runes in operation for thousands of years. The Dragon Bloodline Clan's blood sacrifice had been destroyed for at least ten thousand years …
Seeing Luo Zheng's puzzled look, Zhou Huang smiled faintly and said, "These divine runes aren't supplied with true essence stones! Look at your feet and you'll know. "
Luo Zheng looked down and saw a huge divine rune outlined on the ground below. Seeing this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. His face revealed an expression of sudden realization.
He recognized this divine rune.
Among the divine rune techniques that Qinglong passed on to him, this was a very important divine rune. It was a seven-star divine rune called "Spirit Gathering".
Through this seven-star divine rune, it could continuously gather the heaven and earth origin energy in the sky and transform it into true essence. The divine runes on the coffins were operating through this "Spirit Gathering" divine rune.
"However, these coffins are engraved with divine runes. I'm afraid it will be difficult to occupy the corpses in the coffins, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, the owners of the coffins on the 13th floor were all at the peak of the Spirit Sea Realm. I'm afraid they were even more powerful than us when they were alive," Zhou Huang replied.
In all these years, the four Divine Kingdoms had only managed to successfully occupy the thirteenth layer of the corpse once!
Thirty-six years ago, the Tianfeng War Emperor had succeeded once. With the help of the powerful corpses in the thirteenth level, the exploration of the Heavenly Star Secret Territory had progressed further.
But after so many years, he had only succeeded once! Since then, the four monarchs had repeatedly climbed to the top floor and tried to occupy the corpses there, but they all failed. In the end, they could only settle for the next best thing, which was the corpses on the twelfth floor. One could imagine how difficult it was to occupy the corpses on the top floor.
"Why is it so difficult?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Even if these Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders were stronger than Zhou Huang when they were alive, they shouldn't be much stronger. After all, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others were all at the peak of the Divine Sea Realm. It was only because they were limited by the resources of the lower realms that they were unable to break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
Zhou Huang's face revealed a bitter smile. "It's very simple. We can't remember their names …"
"What kind of reason is that?" This explanation caused Luo Zheng to be even more surprised.
Zhou Huang's consciousness faintly floated over. He said, "You will understand in a moment. The corpses on the thirteenth floor are the most important figures of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. How could they tolerate others desecrating their corpses? If you want to take away their corpses, it will be extremely difficult! "
At this time, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King, and the Tianfeng War Emperor were all walking along the platform. The other Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders followed closely behind them.
Soon, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King stopped beside a snow white coffin. Beside this coffin, there were several unknown small trees. These small trees had been growing for tens of thousands of years, but they weren't even as tall as a person.
"Name." The Sky Fortune Kingdom King's consciousness spread out.
A Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder replied, "The owner of this corpse is called Snow Sealing Dragon Star! He was once the leader of the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Holy Land. He has already been dead for 40,000 years … "
This was the Dragon Bloodline Clan's graveyard. The person lying here must have been dead for a time longer than the Dragon Bloodline Clan had been destroyed!
"Snow Sealing Dragon Star? Snow Sealing Dragon Star … "The Sky Fortune Kingdom King's consciousness constantly repeated this name.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng was even more curious. Was this name really that important? Why did he have to repeatedly mention this name in order to occupy this corpse? Luo Zheng couldn't understand it at all.
After the Sky Fortune Kingdom King repeated this name over and over again, he faintly said, "Open the coffin. I'm ready!"
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King was still in soul form. It would be difficult for him to open this coffin with his battle soul. However, there were already many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders that had obtained this' corpse '. Although it wasn't as useful as his own body, it should still be able to display around 70% of his strength.
Several Divine Sea Realm warriors went up and stood around the coffin where the corpse of the Sealing Snow Dragon Star was. They worked together to open the coffin.
For such a character to lie here, there must be perfect protective measures. As the several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders tried to open the coffin, the coffin suddenly began to violently shake. The divine runes on it began to wildly flash.
Weng weng weng …
After a series of violent vibrations, everyone heard the fierce roar of a dragon!
Roar!
From the divine runes, seven or eight small dragons formed from true essence shot out, rushing towards the several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders.
"Six-star divine rune, Azure Dragon Seal." Looking at these small dragons, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The power of a five-star divine rune was enough to resist a Life and Death powerhouse, and a six-star divine rune was enough to resist a Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder!
However, there were many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders on this platform. Wanting to rely on a six-star divine rune to resist so many Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders was impossible.
The several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders seemed to be extremely skilled. After moving the Azure Dragon Seal, they immediately gave up on opening the coffin. Instead, they shot towards the sides, causing the seven or eight small dragons to madly chase after them.
At this moment, several other Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders quickly approached the coffin and began to attack the six-star divine rune on the coffin!
Under the joint attack of these Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders, the six-star divine rune quickly disintegrated. Then, the seven or eight small dragons also slowly dissipated.
From beginning to end, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King stood in the same place. He was still silently chanting the four words' Snow Sealing Dragon Star '. He didn't pay attention to the process of the others fighting against the small dragons!
'It seems that this name is really important,' Luo Zheng silently thought.
After breaking the defensive rune on the surface of the coffin, the several Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elders once again controlled their corpses and slowly opened the coffin.
Inside this coffin, there was a middle-aged man with a head full of silver hair lying inside. This silver-haired middle-aged man was the 'Snow Sealing Dragon Star'. Even with his eyes closed, one could still feel the mighty aura that came from the corpse of the Snow Sealing Dragon Star. This sort of mighty aura was the standard temperament of a ruler!
This temperament was present on the bodies of the four Heavenly Monarchs, but it was not as fierce as this man's.
It could be imagined that when this Snow Sealing Dragon Star was alive, he must have been a peak Divine Sea Realm Supreme Elder. Perhaps he could be considered the most powerful martial artist in this boundless universe!
The Sky Fortune Kingdom King looked at the silver-haired middle-aged man in the coffin, and his face revealed a trace of caution. He turned his head and nodded to the other three Heavenly Monarchs, and then suddenly jumped into the coffin!
The moment he rushed towards the 'Snow Sealing Dragon Star', the Sky Fortune Kingdom King suddenly stretched out his hand and pressed it between the 'Snow Sealing Dragon Star's' eyebrows! With this press, the corpse opened its mouth as if it were a conditioned reflex. Then, the Sky Fortune Kingdom King's soul drilled into the corpse.