The Sky Fortune Kingdom King was obviously much more powerful than Huo Yuner. When Huo Yuner had controlled the corpse, her movements were as stiff as a wooden doll; she couldn't even walk properly.
But after the Sky Fortune Kingdom King entered, he seemed very natural, as if this was his own body. After he crawled out, he gently leapt up and stood firmly on the ground.
But this was also related to experience. The Sky Fortune Kingdom King had entered the Divine Emperor Mystic Realm countless times to control corpses, so he was naturally much more skilled than Huo Yuner.
As the Sky Fortune Kingdom King crawled out, he pressed his hand to his forehead, a pained expression on his face.
At this time, the one in pain was definitely not the Sealing Snow Dragon Star. This Sealing Snow Dragon Star had died countless years ago. The one in pain was the Sky Fortune Kingdom King who had already escaped into his mind!
At the same time, in the center of the platform, a stone pillar slowly rose up!
"Ga ga ga ga …"
This stone pillar was 20 feet wide. This stone pillar had been hidden in the center of the platform and was as high as the ground. Now that this stone pillar had suddenly appeared, Luo Zheng was startled.
It was just that the other Divine Sea realm elders were already used to this. They probably already knew that there was a stone pillar here!
As the stone pillar slowly rose up, Luo Zheng's eyebrows constantly jumped!
In the center of this stone pillar, there were four table-sized rivets! And at the end of these rivets, there were four pitch black chains hanging down. These four chains extended down the middle, firmly locking onto a coffin!
This coffin was completely different from the other coffins. It emitted a deep blue luster; it was a transparent crystal coffin!
Because this crystal coffin was inlaid into the stone pillar and was firmly locked by the chains, the person in the coffin could not lie down. At this time, they had to maintain a standing posture in the crystal coffin!
The corpse in the crystal coffin was a white-clothed young girl. Her body was only covered with a thin layer of clothing, and her bare legs were firmly locked by the black chains that extended from the crystal coffin …
"What a beautiful woman. Just who is this woman?" The Sky Wind Divine Kingdom's Crown Prince muttered as he looked at the youth in the crystal coffin.
Indeed, even the Divine Kingdom Crown Prince, who was used to seeing beautiful women, couldn't help but sigh when he saw this young girl's appearance!
Luo Zheng stared at it for a while, but he couldn't figure out what was going on.
Who knew that under everyone's gazes, the girl's eyes would suddenly open, and a pair of golden pupils would look down on everyone!
"Ah …"
Huo Yuner was originally scrutinizing the girl. Women were very sensitive to appearances, even if it was just a corpse …
For example, although the corpse that Huo Yuner had occupied was very beautiful, there was still some disparity when compared to Huo Yuner. However, the corpse of the young woman in the crystal coffin was even more beautiful than Huo Yuner.
But under Huo Yuner's scrutiny, the girl suddenly opened her eyes, giving her a fright.
This scene not only scared Huo Yuner, but even Luo Zheng, Huo Chen, and the other martial artists that didn't know what was going on were also frightened. As for the other Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders, they probably saw this scene every time they entered, so they didn't reveal any surprise. Instead, they revealed looks of worry as they looked towards the 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star', the corpse that the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King had occupied.
They saw the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King clutching his head as he stumbled across the platform.
He was already in pain before, but when the young girl opened her eyes, he clutched his head!
As he stumbled, the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King slowly approached. Then, with a 'plop' sound, he fell to his knees, and his head involuntarily slammed against the ground, emitting a loud 'dong' sound!
This corpse was very strong. Not only was the corpse not injured when its head hit the ground, it even broke a piece of the ground.
At the same time, a massive pressure spread out from the young girl's body. However, this pressure wasn't aimed at anyone else, but at the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King.
"Brave warrior of my Dragon Bloodline Clan, since you have awakened, do not forget your mission. Do not become a walking corpse … answer my question, and tell me your name!" The young girl lightly said.
"Name?" Hearing this name, Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up. He remembered Zhou Huang's words. They couldn't remember names?
Wasn't this Divine Sea realm Supreme Elder called 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star'? It shouldn't be too difficult to say this name …
Who knew that as the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's head slammed against the ground, his throat would constantly whimper, "My name is, my name is …"
"Sealing Snow Dragon Star! King, it is Sealing Snow Dragon Star! "
"Sealing Snow Dragon Star …"
Several Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders reminded him.
But no matter how loudly they shouted, the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King didn't seem to hear them. His mouth continued to vaguely whimper, "My name is Feng, Feng Xue … my name is …"
It seemed that wanting to say the words' Sealing Snow Dragon Star 'was extremely difficult!
"Tell me your name …" The young girl faintly repeated.
"Ahhhhhh …" The Sky Fortune Kingdom's King became more and more pained, "My name is, my name is …"
The young girl faintly said again, "Tell me your name, otherwise I will treat you as a lost soul and refuse your awakening."
"My name is Lu Chengyan!" In the end, not only did the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King not say the words' Sealing Snow Dragon Star ', but he instead revealed his own name.
After the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King spoke, the Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders all revealed looks of disappointment.
Zhou Huang regretfully said, "Aiya, I still failed."
After the name was announced, the young girl in the crystal coffin lightly said, "You have already bewitched yourself to death."
After she finished speaking, the corpse of the 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star' began to violently shake. Then, the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's soul was directly ejected from the corpse of the 'Sealing Snow Dragon Star'!
After the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's soul was ejected, the corpse of the Sealing Snow Dragon God actually began to slowly move towards its own coffin, and then slowly lay back down!
At this time, the young girl slowly closed her eyes. From this young girl's body, one couldn't feel any breath, nor could they feel any life force. But just now, she had opened her eyes as if she were alive. This scene was truly strange.
The Sky Fortune Kingdom's King's soul gently floated in the air, a trace of regret appearing on his face. "Aiya, it's still difficult for me to resist this girl's will. As long as I am enveloped by her will, I am unable to call out that name … Old Fire, how did you answer that name?"
The Sky Wind War Emperor bitterly smiled and said, "Haven't I said it many times already? I really don't have any recollection of it. I don't even know how I answered it. Maybe I just guessed it right."
At this time, Luo Zheng completely understood.
The truth was that the Dragon Bloodline Clan didn't expect that the four Divine Kingdoms would use the soul cores to control their corpses. It was just that the Dragon Bloodline Clan had preserved the corpses of their top powerhouses in order to deal with other matters. However, if the corpses were preserved like this, there was a high chance that they would become a 'zombie' existence!
In order to avoid this situation, the Dragon Bloodline Clan had set up such a method in this cemetery. If a corpse really did become a 'zombie', then the young girl would test its mind. If the test failed, then the soul controlling the corpse would be ejected.
What the Dragon Bloodline Clan didn't expect was that they would eject many souls, but the souls that were ejected were human souls …
"Don't be discouraged. Old Lu, why don't you try again?" The Sky Wind War Emperor comforted.
The Sky Fortune Kingdom's King shook his head. "Forget it. I'll go to the twelfth floor and choose a corpse. Old Fire, Zhou Huang, Liu Zan, you guys try yourselves!"
As he finished speaking, the Soul Purifying Light on the stairs disappeared, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom's King shot towards the twelfth floor.
The Sky Wind War Emperor and Zhou Huang looked at each other. Zhou Huang then said, "Alright, let me try this time!"
As he finished speaking, Zhou Huang also circled around the platform. He didn't choose the corpse of the Sealing Snow Dragon Star. Instead, he stopped on top of a black coffin.
When Zhou Huang's soul stopped, a Divine Sea Realm powerhouse beside him said, "This is the leader of the Dragon Bloodline Clan 70,000 years ago. His name is' Feng Xiao '. Two words, a name that's easy to remember …"