The four Divine Kingdoms knew the people in the coffins like the back of their hands. In order to obtain their corpses, they had done a thorough investigation many years ago.
The problem was that the names of the corpses were not easy to remember. After fusing with the corpses, the corpses would instinctively reject the corpses.
Under the interrogation of the young girl in the stone pillar, the memories in the soul would fall into a state of chaos. It would be very difficult to recite the corpse's name.
The Tianfeng War Emperor had managed to guess correctly once, but he didn't know how he had done it. Thus, in all these years, he had only succeeded once.
The Divine Sea powerhouses opened the coffin. Inside the coffin lay a thin old man. This old man was the "Feng Xiao" that the Divine Sea powerhouse had spoken of.
The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't hesitate. His soul gently floated and suddenly entered the old man's mouth!
After a while, the Tianfeng War Emperor fused with Feng Xiao's corpse and slowly crawled out of the coffin.
This time, the rejection between the Tianfeng War Emperor and the corpse seemed to be even more intense. The Tianfeng War Emperor controlled the corpse like a drunkard. He staggered and involuntarily walked towards the stone pillar.
The next step was the most crucial. Only by answering the name of the corpse would he be able to escape the control of the young girl in the pillar. However, the Sky Fortune King had already failed once, so in their opinion, the Tianfeng War Emperor's chances of success were not high …
Sure enough, under the young girl's interrogation, the Tianfeng War Emperor revealed a pained expression. He held his head and shook it, unable to say the two words "Feng Xiao".
The final result was the same as the Sky Fortune King's. The Tianfeng War Emperor's soul was forcefully ejected by the young girl in the pillar …
The Tianfeng War Emperor's face was full of depression. However, he didn't choose a corpse from the 12th floor like the Sky Fortune King. Instead, he continued to ponder. He wanted to try again.
As for Battle Emperor Yu the Great and Zhou Huang, they didn't choose to try either. They also walked around the coffins.
Even the Feather Emperor, God Emperor, and Dream God Emperor had found it difficult to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. In the end, those difficulties had been solved one by one. If everyone could easily occupy the corpses of the super experts on the top floor, they would be able to explore the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
But even now, the four Divine Nations still hadn't come up with a way to break it.
The three monarchs were still hesitating. Luo Zheng was also frowning …
Just as Zhou Huang had said, this problem was actually a problem of naming. If one could accurately and clearly say the corpse's name in front of the girl in the pillar, one could successfully inherit the corpse.
But was it really that difficult to spit out a few words?
Just now, the Tianfeng War Monarch and the Sky Fortune Kingdom Monarch had repeatedly memorized this name; it was simply impossible for them to forget it. Not only that, but there were also people beside them constantly reminding them, but they simply couldn't remember the correct name …
"Name …"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and he walked towards a coffin.
"Tianxing, do you also want to give it a try?" Zhou Huang asked.
Many Divine Sea realm masters also focused their eyes on Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't high, everything that had happened to him couldn't be measured with common sense. Perhaps he could come up with a solution?
Thinking of this, some Divine Sea realm masters became excited. One of them said to Luo Zheng, "The owner of this coffin is called Feng Zhan! He is the most powerful warrior of the Dragon Bloodline. According to the records, this person was born with divine strength and a domineering aura! "
"Feng Zhan." Luo Zheng repeated this name twice.
"Shall we help you open the coffin?" A Divine Sea realm master asked.
"Wait a moment!" Luo Zheng lightly said. He didn't choose to open the coffin and directly occupy Feng Zhan's corpse. Instead, he returned to the side of the stone pillar.
"What is Luo Tianxing trying to do?"
"I'm not sure, I don't understand …"
"He seems to want to carve something on the stone pillar. Could it be that he wants to carve his name on it? It won't work! "
In order to occupy the corpse on this floor, many Divine Sea realm masters had tried their best. They had tried to carve his name, but even if someone whispered in their ears, they still couldn't get the name out. What was the use of carving a name?
Standing next to the stone pillar, Luo Zheng reached out a finger. That finger gradually became sharp. Luo Zheng gently waved it and began to carve on the stone pillar.
He was indeed carving a word, but it wasn't the word "Feng Zhan". Instead, he was breaking down the name "Feng Zhan"!
The name of the Dragon Bloodline was still in the language of the human race. The language of the human race could be broken down into dots, horizontal, vertical, curly, curved, and hooks. Among these eight strokes, the most representative one was the word "Yong", which contained all the ways to write all the words.
Luo Zheng broke down the name stroke by stroke and carved it on the stone pillar. After finishing this preparation, Luo Zheng returned to the side of the coffin and said with a smile, "Okay, I'm ready now!"
Seeing this, the Divine Sea realm masters felt it was strange, but they didn't ask much. They just wanted to see if Luo Zheng's method was successful. If it was, they could all try to imitate him.
Therefore, these Divine Sea realm masters broke the runes on the coffin and opened it.
This coffin was longer than the others. In this coffin, there was a mighty man sleeping. Beside this man, there were two golden axes.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He took out his Sumeru Ring and placed it next to the coffin. This Sumeru Ring was very important to Luo Zheng, so Luo Zheng didn't leave it on his body. After entering the soul form, he took off the Sumeru Ring.
After making the necessary preparations, Luo Zheng rushed toward the burly man. The moment he rushed toward the burly man, Luo Zheng followed suit. He opened the burly man's mouth and poured his soul into it!
Soon, Luo Zheng's soul entered the man's mind. The moment his soul entered the corpse, Luo Zheng felt a strong repulsive force!
Normally, if a warrior wanted to possess a body, he would have to destroy the opponent's soul in order to take over the opponent's body.
However, this warrior named "Feng Zhan" had been dead for many years. His soul had disappeared completely. Perhaps he had entered the cycle of reincarnation. Therefore, this wasn't called possession. It was just taking over his body.
However, when a warrior cultivated to this level, even if he had been dead for many years, there would still be an indelible power left in his body!
Therefore, when some warriors died in the wilderness, mosquitoes and wolves wouldn't dare to come near them.
That invisible repulsive force wanted to push Luo Zheng's soul out. If it were an ordinary Battle Soul, perhaps he wouldn't be able to withstand it. He would be forcefully pushed out of the corpse's mind.
For example, the Divine Sea realm masters of the four Divine Kingdoms knew that their souls couldn't enter the mind. Therefore, they chose the bodies on the eleventh and twelfth floors. This was the reason.
Luo Zheng's soul was already stronger than the souls of ordinary Divine Sea realm masters. Even the four kings couldn't compare with him. Not to mention that he had merged with the will of the world! His soul faced the repulsive force and forcibly occupied the mind!
However, although his soul had entered the mind, he couldn't control the body. He still had to wait for the power of the Soul Core to spread out and merge with the body.
Streaks of grey light surged within the body of this muscular man. After a few breaths, Luo Zheng gradually gained some awareness. He felt that he had two hands and two legs. Gradually, he felt that he could control the body …
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng wanted to turn over and stand up. However, he still underestimated this matter. When he stood up, he couldn't stand steadily and fell back into the coffin.
Although Luo Zheng's actions were very funny, no one laughed. With Luo Zheng's age and cultivation, he should be proud of himself just by being able to get into the body!
Luo Zheng had just fallen back into the coffin when he suddenly jumped up. His tall and sturdy body stood firmly on the ground like an iron tower. At the same time, he opened his bell-like eyes.
＝＝＝＝＝