Everyone was used to Luo Zheng's weakened appearance. Seeing Luo Zheng occupy such a tall and sturdy corpse, they were not used to it.
Yan Wang, Huo Yun 'er, Huo Chen, and the others looked at Luo Zheng and even grinned.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. He casually walked a few steps. In a short time, he was already able to control the corpse freely.
However, at this moment, he suddenly felt a wave of pressure on his body!
In his empty mind, blood-red ripples suddenly spread out, and the surroundings of his mind became blood-red. This pressure did not come from the outside world, but from the instincts of the corpse!
Through the soul core, Luo Zheng had already gained control of the corpse. However, at this moment, he discovered that he could not control the corpse. In an uncontrollable state, the corpse staggered towards the stone pillar.
"It's coming!" Luo Zheng suddenly became cautious.
Previously, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the Sky Fortune King had already demonstrated to Luo Zheng that they were unable to resist the command of the girl in the pillar. They involuntarily walked towards the stone pillar.
This was not the key point, but the fact that he could not answer the corpse's name.
"Sealing Slash …" Luo Zheng softly muttered in his heart.
Soon, he felt the corpse stagger all the way and suddenly kneel in front of the stone pillar. At the same time, Luo Zheng felt the blood-red ripples in his mind become more and more intense. It was these blood-red ripples that completely isolated Luo Zheng's soul!
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt that everything was so far away from him!
Someone seemed to be talking to Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could not hear a single word clearly. The voice seemed to be transmitted from the horizon, soft and ear-piercing.
At the same time, Luo Zheng's thoughts became chaotic!
"Answer me … your name." Soon, the voice of the girl in the pillar rang out.
"My name, my name …" In the incomparable chaos, Luo Zheng could not remember the corpse's name at all …
"It's very strange. I can't remember the name of this corpse at all. I remember it clearly just now!" Luo Zheng was also depressed. No matter how hard he tried to recall, he still couldn't remember anything about this corpse.
"Tell me your name, or I will …" The girl's voice was very clear, and Luo Zheng heard it clearly.
If he still couldn't think of that name, he would be kicked out of his mind. Luo Zheng had already seen this happen twice, but the more anxious he was, the more he couldn't think of it. It was as if that name had been completely erased from his memory.
Name …
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, his gaze passed through the red ripples and finally landed on the stone pillar!
The name was Eight Strokes Calligraphy of Yong!
Luo Zheng dismantled the names of the corpses one by one and placed them on the stone pillar. As long as he restored them bit by bit, he would be able to get the names.
Horizontal, horizontal, vertical... horizontal...
Luo Zheng's mind was in chaos, but the girl in the pillar only affected a part of Luo Zheng's mind, not all of it.
According to the symbols that Luo Zheng had left on the stone pillar in advance, it wasn't particularly difficult to spell out such a name!
"The first word, Seal!"
"Restrain, Horizontal... Vertical... Hook..."
"The second word, Chop!"
The name was indeed spelled out, but at this moment, Luo Zheng had a very strange feeling about these two words!
The two words "Sealed Slash" were also common words, but he suddenly realized that he couldn't recognize these two words at all! These two words should be very familiar, but in Luo Zheng's eyes, they became very strange.
This very strange feeling troubled Luo Zheng.
Obviously, through the Eight Strokes Calligraphy of Yong, he got the two words "Chop", but he couldn't recognize them. Luo Zheng suddenly felt very helpless.
At this moment, the red ripples suddenly spread crazily in his mind, and soon, his soul was involuntarily forced out...
Then, the corpse of "Feng Zhan" staggered back to the coffin and slowly lay down.
Seeing this scene, everyone revealed a helpless expression. It was obvious that Luo Zheng didn't have the will to resist the girl.
"How do you feel?" Zhou Huang smiled faintly. In fact, he had already expected this result.
Luo Zheng laughed and said, "I have already spelled out these two words, and I know that the owner of this corpse was once called Chop."
"Oh?" Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zhou Huang, Battle Emperor Da Yu, and the others' eyes lit up. It seemed that this method was really effective?
However, Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and said, "It's useless even if you spelled it out. The girl in the pillar's will shouldn't be able to resist. I guess that there is only one way to successfully pronounce one's name."
"What way?" Tianfeng Battle Emperor asked.
"Instinct. Only by relying on instinct can one pronounce the corpse's name. Occupiers like us can't pronounce the name!" Luo Zheng said.
From birth to death, only one's name remained unchanged. Unless one became an idiot, no one would forget their own name. Pronouncing one's own name had almost become an instinct. Therefore, in front of the girl in the pillar, not only was someone unable to pronounce the corpse's name, but he was also able to pronounce his own name.
Only by relying on one's own instinct could one break free from the chaotic thoughts. The problem was, how difficult was it to do this without any obstacles?
Perhaps, it was simply impossible for a normal person to do this...
Unless one's personality was split, and a part of it would fantasize day and night that they were another person's identity. If this continued, a person would be no different from a crazy person.
Hearing Luo Zheng's analysis, Zhou Huang and the others felt that it was very reasonable. As for Tianfeng Battle Emperor's success last time, it could only be attributed to luck.
"Sigh, it seems like we still won't succeed this time." Zhou Huang's face revealed a gloomy expression.
The difficulty of the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was far greater than the other three secret realms. Without the strongest corpse, it was impossible to retrieve the Ancestral Dragon's egg. This time, they still couldn't occupy the corpse on the thirteenth floor. It was simply impossible for them to obtain anything in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Since I can't occupy the corpse in the coffin, I can change my target."
"Change your target? You mean the corpse on the twelfth floor? "Tianfeng Battle Emperor asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and his gaze fell on the girl in the pillar. He didn't know what cultivation level this girl had, but from the "residual aura" emitted from her body, she was definitely much stronger than the other supreme experts on the thirteenth floor!
When the supreme experts of the Divine Ocean Realm saw Luo Zheng's gaze, they were slightly shocked. One of them said, "This girl … is an expert of the Ultimate Divine Realm! She's even stronger than the Military Governor. How could she occupy her corpse? Also, also … we don't even know if she's dead or alive! "
Ultimate Divine Realm …
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
In the Upper Realm, the Life and Death Realm was only the starting point. The Divine Ocean Realm was the entry level. The Ultimate Divine Realm was the backbone of the Upper Realm warriors!
The Military Governor was referring to White Brow Daoist. He should also be at the Ultimate Divine Realm. As for Daoist Tian Miao, he should also be at the Ultimate Divine Realm. However, what about Yun Luo? Although the cultivation level of Yun Luo's doppelganger wasn't high, she had a million doppelgangers. Her own strength was probably far beyond the Ultimate Divine Realm …
Luo Zheng couldn't come into contact with more powerful existences. Even if they were at the Ultimate Divine Realm, Luo Zheng could only look up to them.
Therefore, after hearing the words of the supreme expert of the Divine Ocean Realm, Luo Zheng became even more interested in the girl in the pillar.
"Let's not talk about whether the girl in the pillar is dead or alive. First of all, we can't undo the chains. We can't even destroy the crystal coffin. It's impossible to control her body," Zhou Huang said.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng smiled strangely and slowly returned to the side of Feng Zhan's coffin. He reached out his hand and took out a small Sumeru Ring.
When the supreme experts of the Divine Ocean Realm saw this, they all revealed expressions of realization. Their eyes were filled with joy!