The Heavenly Star Secret Realm was above the other three Secret Realms. It must be the core of the Dragon Bloodline.
After so many years, these Divine Sea Realm cultivators still couldn't take the Ancestral Dragon egg. If Luo Zheng wanted to win, he would have to find another way.
In that case, obtaining the corpse of the Ultimate Divine Stage girl was something that Luo Zheng had to do.
In fact, when Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe, the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators were also tempted, especially Battle Emperor Yu the Great and the others.
It wasn't that they didn't want the girl in the pillar!
However, whether it was the crystal coffin or the chains, they couldn't be taken apart …
Now that Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe, they were also tempted. After entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm, everyone was willing to choose a stronger corpse. If Luo Zheng opened the crystal coffin, they could also try to take over the girl's corpse!
However, at this moment, no one fought with Luo Zheng.
Obtaining the Ancestral Dragon egg might be a great achievement, but offending Luo Zheng because of this achievement would be stupid.
For example, Battle Emperor Yu the Great already had a grudge against Luo Zheng. Now, it was too late for him to repair his relationship with Luo Zheng. How would he dare to fight with Luo Zheng and offend him?
Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe from his Sumeru Ring and slowly floated towards the girl in the pillar.
The four Divine Kingdoms had ransacked the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea, so they had a clear understanding of the identities of the corpses in the cemetery. But, this young girl's identity was the only one they didn't know. Her origins were mysterious.
Although Luo Zheng's expression was serious, he had some concerns in his heart. For example, if this girl in the pillar really didn't die and was released by Luo Zheng like this … would it cause trouble?
His soul held the Black Star Pickaxe and slowly floated beside the stone pillar. Through the flawless crystal coffin, Luo Zheng could clearly see the girl in the coffin.
She didn't have many clothes on her body. Her bare hands and feet were tightly bound by iron chains. On her white skin, there were shocking marks.
Why was this young girl bound here? What was her identity?
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly swung the Black Star Pickaxe in his hand!
After all, there were sword techniques, saber techniques, and spear techniques in this world, but there was no such thing as a pickaxe technique. However, as a supreme artifact, the law of causality that was contained within the pickaxe was extremely powerful! Luo Zheng trusted the Black Star Pickaxe very much. There was probably nothing in this world that the Black Star Pickaxe could not dig.
"Clang!"
Although Luo Zheng's Blue Soul Mirror was extremely sturdy, it was still a far cry from his physical strength.
However, using the Blackstar Pickaxe didn't require a lot of strength. With a light swing, the head of the pickaxe hit the crystal coffin, causing cracks to appear on the coffin.
"Ding ding dong dong …"
After the cracks appeared on the crystal coffin, it seemed to become extremely weak. Without needing Luo Zheng to hit it a second time, the cracks continued to spread on the coffin, and the shattered crystal turned into powder and fell to the ground!
Soon, the entire crystal coffin was peeled off from the stone pillar. However, the young girl's body was still bound by the iron chains and was firmly bound to the stone pillar.
"There's actually a faint fragrance. Could it be that she's still alive …" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of astonishment. After opening the crystal coffin, a young girl's body fragrance wafted out.
Out of curiosity, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and touched the young girl's chest.
"Badump, badump …" When Luo Zheng touched her chest, he immediately felt a strong and powerful heartbeat!
This was the body of a living person! It was not the body of a dead person! Luo Zheng's heart was immediately shocked!
Although the young girl could speak, her voice was very mechanical. It didn't sound like the voice of an intelligent creature. The people of the four Divine Kingdoms couldn't determine whether she was dead or alive …
Now, Luo Zheng was sure that this was a living person!
Didn't the Dragon Bloodline Clan sacrifice all of their living beings? Why was there still a living person here? What was the purpose of her existence here?
Perhaps her soul had already been destroyed, and her body was preserved by some secret method. Luo Zheng guessed in his heart.
If that was the case, Luo Zheng's plan to possess her body would be a lot simpler. This physical body was a living body, and he wouldn't even need a soul core to control her physical body if he possessed it directly. Furthermore, a living physical body would be able to unleash one hundred percent of its power, while using a soul core to control a corpse would be a lot less effective.
"Then let's begin." Without thinking much, Luo Zheng waved the Blackstar Pickaxe and broke the iron chains that bound the young girl's hands. After putting the pickaxe back into his spatial ring, he reached out and gently pinched the young girl's cheeks. Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Sorry, I can only occupy your body first!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng's soul entered the young girl's mouth!
Soon, Luo Zheng's soul appeared in the young girl's mind. The moment his soul entered, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed, and a trace of vigilance appeared on his face.
It was too smooth …
Luo Zheng's experience told him that anything that went too smoothly was bound to have its strangeness.
This young girl's strength was stronger than the corpses in the coffins, but Luo Zheng easily occupied her mind. He didn't even feel a trace of rejection. Just this point alone was enough to make Luo Zheng vigilant.
"What about fusion? I don't seem to be able to fuse? "
At this time, the soul core should have taken effect and helped Luo Zheng's soul control over this body. However, in this pitch-black mind, Luo Zheng didn't feel the soul core at all!
Luo Zheng was a little flustered. Almost instinctively, he wanted to quickly leave this mind!
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng's speed wasn't slow. From the moment he realized that something was wrong to the moment he took action, only one or two breaths of time had passed. However, he quickly discovered that he was already in a state of helplessness!
Just then, a dignified female voice sounded in his mind, "Since you've already entered, you still want to leave so easily?"
"Sure enough, it's a trap." Luo Zheng's expression slowly calmed down. Just now, he was flustered because he thought that he still had a chance to retreat. However, now that he was trapped, he was no longer flustered.
As the saying went, since he was already here, he should take things as they came. Right now, he could only remain calm.
"Who are you?" Luo Zheng's consciousness spread out.
"Me? Haven't you stared at me many times? Don't tell me you still don't know who I am? "The female voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes and replied indifferently, "So you're not a dead person, but why are you sealed in this cemetery …"
"Humph, who said that I'm not a dead person? I'm indeed dead, but I didn't expect that after so many years, someone would still foolishly enter my mind to accompany me! "The soul replied indifferently.
"I'm indeed dead …" Luo Zheng couldn't understand this sentence, and there was a puzzled expression on his face.
A corpse with its own soul and an intact body. The beating power of her body's heart was even stronger than Luo Zheng's. How could she be considered a dead person?
"Humph, it's hard to explain it to you. However, since you've intruded into my mind, you can stay with me. There's no need to go out!" The voice sounded again indifferently.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands in salute in the dark mind and said to her, "Senior, I didn't know that I had intruded into your mind by accident. If I've offended you in any way, please forgive me. Therefore, please be magnanimous …"
Just as he was explaining politely, the female voice responded sharply, "Ha ha ha … Didn't know … Didn't know? Do you think I'm a three-year-old child? You obviously want to seize my body, but you're still trying to find excuses. You want me to let you go? Dream on! "
It seemed that this woman wouldn't let him go. Luo Zheng frowned, and his soul suddenly accelerated, rushing out of the mind.