It was these red ripples that locked Luo Zheng firmly in his mind.
"You want to escape? Hmph, with your soul that hasn't even reached the Blue Soul Realm? "The voice sounded again.
Luo Zheng continued to attack the edge of his mind, but when he heard this, his heart sank. It seemed that the Blue Soul Realm was nothing to this woman.
This time, Luo Zheng could be considered to have fallen into big trouble.
Luo Zheng attacked the edge of his mind several times, but he still couldn't succeed. In the end, he could only give up temporarily. After all, the power of the soul was limited. Even Luo Zheng couldn't endlessly consume the power of the soul.
He quietly floated in the darkness. After waiting for a while, he spread his consciousness into his mind again. "There's no value in keeping me here. Why don't you let me out …" Luo Zheng still tried to persuade the woman.
The woman didn't respond to Luo Zheng. She just threw Luo Zheng into the darkness. Because Luo Zheng didn't control the woman's body, his soul couldn't sense anything outside. Therefore, he felt as if he had entered a pitch-black prison.
Seeing that the woman didn't respond, Luo Zheng continued to spread his consciousness.
"Hey!"
"Say something!"
"Your body has been bound in this crystal coffin for so many years. I've helped you to open the chains!"
"The other chains bind your legs. If you want to be free, I can help you open them!"
No matter what Luo Zheng said, he couldn't get a response from the woman.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He was bored to death and floated in his mind. There was no need to mention how depressed he was. He shouldn't have entered the woman's mind. He should have just knocked her down from the stone pillar and thrown her to a random place … This way, he wouldn't be affected by the woman. He could have occupied any of the corpses on the thirteenth floor!
It was all because of his greed. Although those Super Mighty Beings were powerful, they were only slightly stronger than the Monarchs. They couldn't compare to this Ultimate Divine Realm girl in front of him!
Luo Zheng couldn't be blamed. How could Zhou Huang, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, and the Tianfeng Battle Emperor not have such worries? It was just that this crystal coffin was opened by Luo Zheng. They couldn't compete with Luo Zheng because of their reputation.
Just as Luo Zheng was reflecting on his actions, blood-red ripples suddenly appeared in his mind. After those ripples appeared, they quickly flew towards Luo Zheng!
"Dodge!"
Seeing those blood-red ripples, Luo Zheng's soul began to dodge in his mind!
Although Luo Zheng's dodging speed was not slow and the blood-red ripples could not catch up with the speed of Luo Zheng's soul, there was still a limit to how much space Luo Zheng's soul could move in. On the other hand, the blood-red ripples were endless.
Not long after, the blood-red ripples covered his entire mind. Luo Zheng was surrounded by these red ripples. He was in his soul form and couldn't use the Law of Space. Now, Luo Zheng had no space to dodge.
Soon, a large red hand stretched out from the red ripples and grabbed Luo Zheng's soul. Then, it pulled Luo Zheng's soul down into his mind!
"Rumble …"
Luo Zheng could feel his soul falling downwards!
While falling, Luo Zheng seemed to have penetrated through the clouds. He saw flashes of lightning twirling in the sky, constantly releasing blazing white lightning.
"An illusion? Or an illusion? "
While falling, Luo Zheng actually saw a vast sea. The sea water was constantly surging, and in the middle of the sea, there seemed to be a sizable island!
The island was covered with a layer of emerald green plants. Bright lightning flashed in the sky, directly striking the forest on the island. Then, a raging fire appeared …
Being dragged by the big red hand, Luo Zheng arrived at the center of the island. While Luo Zheng was still in shock, he saw a group of people standing not far from him!
These people's clothes were very primitive. The weapons in their hands were long spears made from tree trunks. Their clothes were made from leaves. It seemed like these people didn't have much intelligence.
However, Luo Zheng's attention wasn't on these primitive people. This was because Luo Zheng saw that in the center of this group of people, there were four primitive people carrying a simple palanquin made of wooden sticks. Above the palanquin, there was a pair of slender legs hanging down. A pair of golden eyes indifferently looked at Luo Zheng. That delicate face had a faint mocking expression!
It was the girl in the stone pillar! To be exact, this was the girl's soul!
The group of primitive people kept making noises. All kinds of strange sounds came from their mouths. They carried the girl towards Luo Zheng.
As the young girl gently raised her hand, they put her down.
"Where is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
The girl smiled faintly and said, "Warriors of the lower realm are really ignorant. You don't even know this place!"
Luo Zheng frowned. In fact, he had already guessed it, but he didn't dare to be sure.
Before, Luo Zheng already knew that from the Life and Death Realm, the True Yuan in the body would constantly liquefy. When the liquefy reached a certain level, the True Yuan in the body would be able to open up a Spirit Sea in the body!
It was said that after reaching the Spirit Sea Realm, the Spirit Sea in the body would be able to give birth to life. However, this possibility was relatively small. Most of the time, it was only possible after cultivating to a higher level!
After breaking through the Spirit Sea Realm and reaching the Extreme Divine Realm, the "True Yuan Ocean" in the body would slowly solidify. Then, it would slowly give birth to all kinds of creatures …
Luo Zheng had only heard about this before. However, now that he saw it with his own eyes, everything seemed so real. He actually didn't dare to make any conclusions.
However, hearing the girl's tone, Luo Zheng coldly said, "Extreme Divine Realm. It's just a world in the Dantian. This kind of knowledge is nothing. How can you say that I'm ignorant?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the girl's attitude took a 180-degree turn. She clapped her hands and said with a smile, "That's right!"
"Why did you bring me here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The girl blinked her eyes and said, "It's you who wanted to take over my body and invade … Well, invade my body! Since you failed, you naturally became my captive! Do you understand your situation now? "
Looking at the girl's almost crazy appearance, Luo Zheng knew something was wrong …
He didn't know how many years this girl had been sealed in the crystal coffin. After being sealed in there for so many years, she would most likely have some personality disorder. This kind of situation was indeed very troublesome.
"Let me out. My companions are still waiting for me outside. If I don't go out, I'm afraid they will destroy your body." Luo Zheng didn't have any good ideas. He could only threaten her like this.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, a look of disdain appeared on the girl's face. "Your companions? You mean those little guys at the Spirit Sea Realm? "
Little guys at the Spirit Sea Realm …
In Luo Zheng's eyes, those War Emperors and War Emperors were old monsters who had lived for tens of thousands of years. However, in the eyes of this girl, they were not even worth mentioning.
Seeing Luo Zheng's silence, the girl continued indifferently, "You think they can hurt me just because you used the Black Star Pickaxe to open the crystal coffin? If you don't believe me, you can try. If those guys dare to come … "At this point, the girl paused for a moment and then laughed," There really is an idiot who came! "
Luo Zheng saw the girl close her eyes slightly. When she opened them again, a golden light suddenly flashed in her eyes. Then her tone suddenly became incomparably languid, "Okay, a little guy at the Spirit Sea Realm has been killed by me."
"What …" Luo Zheng was shocked. His soul was trapped in the girl's inner world. Now Luo Zheng couldn't see the situation outside. But in the blink of an eye, she killed a Spirit Sea Realm powerhouse outside? This …
"You're lying to me, right?" Luo Zheng thought for a while and said with a dignified expression.
The girl's voice suddenly became cold, "Lying to you? Is it necessary? Originally, I didn't want to kill him. But since you dare to threaten me with these little guys at the Spirit Sea Realm, of course, I have to prove it to you. I have already melted that guy's body and soul. Heh heh, he dared to steal the body of the Dragon Bloodline. He deserved it! "
＝＝＝＝＝