When Luo Zheng's soul entered the girl's mind, the Soul Core didn't work and Luo Zheng's soul wasn't ejected.
The Divine Sea Realm cultivators outside were worried about Luo Zheng.
There were many places in the cemetery that the four Divine Kingdoms had carefully searched, but they couldn't figure out the identity of this woman. Although she could speak, her mechanical voice made it impossible for them to determine whether she was dead or alive.
Luo Zheng smashed the crystal coffin as soon as he came. It was definitely a risk to occupy this girl's body.
However, this girl had been trapped here for countless years. Even if she was a Divine Realm cultivator, her lifespan should have been exhausted. After experiencing the Heaven's Decay, she couldn't escape death!
Countless powerful cultivators in the universe couldn't escape the limitation of their lifespan. The only difference was the length of their lifespan.
Therefore, this risk was definitely worth it. The Tianfeng War Emperor, Zhou Huang, and War Emperor Yu the Great all wanted to try, but Luo Zheng beat them to it.
After Luo Zheng entered this body, there was no movement at all. Everyone was worried and wanted to find out what was going on.
Several Divine Sea Realm cultivators controlled the corpses they had just occupied and moved closer.
The Divine Sea Realm cultivator closest to this girl's body was only a few feet away. Under his close observation, the girl suddenly opened her eyes!
The Divine Sea Realm warriors reacted very quickly. What was more, they were occupying the corpses of some Divine Sea Realm warriors. Even though the corpses were inanimate objects, it was more than enough for them to exert 60 to 70 percent of their power through their Soul Cores.
However, the Divine Sea Realm cultivator closest to her still couldn't escape!
After she opened her eyes, her golden pupils were like fiery eyes. Under the golden light, the Divine Sea Realm cultivator's head exploded and he howled in pain.
Soon, cracks started to appear on the surface of the corpse occupied by the Spirit Sea Realm warrior, as if countless cracks had appeared on the dry land!
These corpses were at least 10,000 years old. The blood in them had long dried up. Therefore, when the corpses disintegrated, no blood flowed out. However, under this disintegration, the soul of the Spirit Sea Realm warrior was forced out from the disintegrated corpses.
The soul was still howling, but it was still within the range of the woman's golden gaze. The soul of a Combat Soul should be extremely sturdy, but under the golden light, it was like an ice cube that had been taken out from an ice cellar, quickly melting away.
In the blink of an eye, he completely disappeared from this world.
"So ruthless … This woman is definitely alive!"
"Everyone, back off! Don't come any closer!"
"I wonder how Luo Tian Xing is doing. I hope he didn't die here. If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have brought him into the Godly Emperor Secret Realm!"
These Divine Sea Realm warriors thought that Luo Zheng's soul was more powerful than any of them. It shouldn't be a problem for him to enter the Godly Emperor Mysterious Realm. With Luo Zheng's strength, he could easily occupy the corpse of a Divine Sea Realm warrior.
But who would have thought that Luo Zheng actually wanted to occupy the body of the girl in the pillar?
This time, they were in big trouble …
Many Divine Sea Realm warriors, Huo Chen, Yan Wang, and the others all retreated to the side. They nervously stared at the girl in the pillar, afraid that she would suddenly attack.
If this girl was really alive, with her cultivation at the Ultimate Divine Realm, she could probably kill everyone here!
However, after everyone calmed down for a while, they saw her slowly close her golden eyes. Only then did they feel slightly relieved.
"Monarch, what should we do now …" A Divine Sea Realm warrior asked Zhou Huang.
Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor's expressions were also uncertain. According to the original plan, everyone would enter the cemetery and occupy a corpse, then continue towards the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. As for the four monarchs, they would think of a way to occupy the corpses on the thirteenth floor. If they couldn't, they would settle for the next best thing. For example, the Sky Fortune Kingdom Monarch had done this.
But who would have thought that Luo Zheng would come and mess up their original plan? He actually wanted to occupy the body of the woman, but the result was that he had fallen into such a troublesome situation.
Zhou Huang hesitated for a moment, then clenched his teeth and said, "Wait!"
Right now, they couldn't be sure that Luo Zheng had died. However, after seeing the tragic end of the Divine Sea Realm warrior whose soul had been melted, the chances of Luo Zheng's death were very high.
However, the fate of the world was determined by the heavens, but it still had to follow some logic.
Luo Zheng's destiny was extremely strong, not to mention that he had opened the Mahayana Lotus Flower. Such a person with such great destiny shouldn't have fallen in a lower realm. He should have a stronger mission and a broader stage.
Therefore, Zhou Huang decided to wait and see.
Although the power of the blood sacrifice in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea would gradually recover with the passage of time, there were still a few days, so it wasn't too urgent.
Everyone maintained a certain distance from the girl in the pillar and quietly waited.
Within his inner world, bursts of lightning flashed and thunder roared, sprinkling in the sea of true essence …
The woman didn't reveal too much malice towards Luo Zheng. She just asked Luo Zheng to follow her obediently, then she was carried by the group of aboriginals to the side of the island.
Soon, Luo Zheng saw an extremely primitive tribe. However, the tribe's population was not small. There were old people and children everywhere, but the civilization here was extremely backward. Most of the aboriginals didn't even have enough clothes to cover their bodies.
As soon as they entered the tribe, an old man with a bag of skulls on his body waved a white bone staff in his hand and crawled towards the woman. Then, the entire tribe knelt down towards her and worshipped her sincerely.
"These humans, did you create them yourself?" Seeing the humans in the tribe, Luo Zheng asked.
The woman smiled faintly and said, "Yes, they all call me the God of Creation. I think this title is correct. In order to create this world, I spent a lot of time …"
"Boom!"
As she spoke, another bolt of lightning struck the sea. This bolt of lightning exploded within the inner world, as if it wanted to destroy the world. The entire sea of true essence began to crazily roar.
Seeing Luo Zheng's frightened expression, the woman smiled and said, "Don't be afraid. The power of this thunder isn't strong. It's just that in the inner world, it feels very frightening. In order to obtain this thunder, I spent a great deal of effort! The crystal coffin can't draw in thunder. It can only be drawn in during a thunderstorm through the chains. It's too troublesome … "
The Extreme Divine Realm could indeed solidify true essence. However, even if a continent was solidified within the Divine Sea, it would only be a lifeless world. In order to fill one's body with vitality, one could only draw in thunder and continuously strike it. Only then would some low level life forms slowly form within the sea of true essence!
However, life forms would slowly evolve. This process would often take hundreds, thousands, or even tens of thousands of years to produce fruitful results!
"It took me a hundred and twenty thousand years to nurture this island and all the creatures on it." The woman sighed softly.
"120,000 years, only so little …" Luo Zheng was stunned. This speed was much slower than he had imagined.
The woman faintly smiled and shook her head. "You don't understand. The cultivation of the inner world is accelerated. From the birth of a world to the birth of the first insignificant life form, it might take 100,000 years. However, for a civilization to grow, it actually only takes a few thousand years!"
"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng blinked. He didn't feel too much malice from this woman, so he cautiously asked again, "But why did you lock me up here?"
Unexpectedly, the woman faintly smiled and said, "It's too boring to create a world by myself. You stay here and create with me. Isn't it very fun?"
"…"
He originally wanted to say 'fun my ass', but he held back. After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng replied, "My soul is in an out-of-body state, but my body is still outside. This out-of-body state can last for a few days, but if it lasts too long, the connection between the soul and the body will be cut off. I'm afraid it will be troublesome."