Upon hearing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He was afraid that he had really encountered a lunatic.
Fortunately, this lunatic didn't kill him immediately. Otherwise, with her strength, she would have destroyed his soul in an instant.
The problem was that if he was really imprisoned here, the situation would be quite troublesome.
While Luo Zheng was thinking, a soul fluctuation suddenly transmitted to him.
"Luo Zheng, you seem to have encountered some trouble?" The soul fluctuation came from Qinglong.
Qinglong and the mysterious furnace were still in his body's mind. However, Luo Zheng had already verified that he could still communicate with Qinglong. As for how Qinglong was observing him, Luo Zheng didn't know.
Therefore, Luo Zheng replied, "There's a little problem. I encountered a female lunatic."
"A female lunatic?" Qinglong's voice sounded doubtful.
"Hmm …" Luo Zheng recounted what had happened in the cemetery to Qinglong.
When Luo Zheng mentioned that the woman's body had a pair of golden pupils, Qinglong interrupted Luo Zheng. "You mean that woman has a pair of golden pupils and is sealed in a crystal coffin?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"Haha, I see." Qinglong's laughter transmitted to him.
"What's so funny? You're an almighty of the True Dragon Clan. Do you have a way to escape?" Luo Zheng asked impatiently.
At that moment, the woman suddenly stared at Luo Zheng's soul and asked, "Who are you communicating with?"
This Inner World was created by the woman. Even though Luo Zheng was communicating with Qinglong through his perception, she was still keenly aware of it.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips and ignored her. Qinglong's voice transmitted in his mind again. "Luo Zheng, ask her if her name is Feng Nianyun."
"Do you know him?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Probably," Qinglong replied faintly. Judging from his tone, he seemed to be immersed in the past.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to the woman with a smile, "Someone asked me to ask you if you are Feng Nianyun."
When Luo Zheng spat out these three words, the woman's body suddenly shook, and then the whole world started to shake …
"Rumble …"
Under the loud sound of thunder, the entire island was constantly trembling. The True Essence Sea crazily roared, and waves that were like small mountains swept towards the island.
On the island, all the aborigines were in a panic. They were hiding in all directions while muttering a language that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. This language was probably created by this woman …
This Inner World was created by this woman, so the state of the Inner World should be the same as the woman's state of mind. In other words, Luo Zheng's words really set off a storm in the woman's heart.
Seeing this doomsday-like scene, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. He was also puzzled. Wasn't it just a name? Was there a need to go so far?
"Who is it? Who told you my name?" Feng Nianyun stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Qinglong spoke first. "Tell her it's her seventh grandpa."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was suddenly delighted. "No way, it's your granddaughter?"
Qing Xuan was a True Dragon, but this woman wasn't. However, it was said that when a divine beast grew to a certain extent, it could indeed transform into a human form. Did that mean Feng Nianyun was also a True Dragon?
The woman stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and asked again, "Tell me, who is it?"
"He said it's your seventh grandpa!" Luo Zheng laughed.
"Rumble …"
Another huge bolt of lightning fell from the sky. Streaks of silver lightning struck the sea. In the outside world, this lightning might not be terrifying. However, in the Inner World, the diameter of the lightning was comparable to a mountain. Even so, it still looked terrifying.
Seeing the woman's heart fluctuating violently, Luo Zheng couldn't help but say, "Can you calm down …"
The girl's face revealed a sad expression, but she couldn't hold it in and finally began to wail.
However, she was still in the state of a soul. When she cried like this, she could only hear the sound, but no tears flowed.
This time, Luo Zheng was even more helpless. He couldn't comfort her, but he couldn't not comfort her either. Feng Nianyun looked like a little girl, but in fact, she was much older than those old monsters.
"Qinglong, what should we do?" Luo Zheng could only ask Qinglong for help.
"Tell her not to cry," Qinglong replied faintly.
Luo Zheng could only tell her honestly, "Your seventh grandpa told you not to cry!"
The effect was not bad. As soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, Feng Nianyun suddenly stopped crying. Then, she stared blankly at Luo Zheng and said, "Why is seventh grandpa with you? What about first grandpa and the others … "
"Can you tell her the truth?" Luo Zheng asked Qinglong.
So far, Luo Zheng hadn't revealed the secret of the mysterious furnace and the nine dragons to outsiders. Even the black fire in the furnace was only used as a last resort. The only person who knew about the nine dragons was Xun.
Therefore, Luo Zheng was very cautious at this moment.
"She's not an outsider. You can tell her everything," Qinglong replied.
Luo Zheng shrugged and told him about the nine True Dragons in his mind. Then, he added, "It seems like these nine True Dragons are your First Grandpa and Second Grandpa …"
Feng Nianyun nodded. Her face was still very sad as she said, "I understand."
At this point, Luo Zheng finally breathed a sigh of relief. It seemed that not only was this woman not crazy, but she was also one of them. Since that was the case, the rest of the matter would be easy to deal with.
If he had known that this matter would be resolved like this, Luo Zheng wouldn't have wasted his breath.
Then, Luo Zheng said, "Since you understand, it's good. Now, can you let me out?"
Feng Nianyun blinked and then said, "Why should I let you out?"
"Why? Do you want me to stay here and accompany you to create a world? " Luo Zheng said unhappily. No matter what, this woman seemed to have a close relationship with the nine dragons. She shouldn't make things difficult for him for no reason.
Unexpectedly, Feng Nianyun said, "I've been cast on the Soul Clan's Soul Sealing Technique, so my soul is imprisoned in my inner world. This Soul Sealing Technique can't be broken, so I can't control my body."
Luo Zheng understood that Feng Nianyun was chained here and sealed in the crystal coffin. She couldn't move. Moreover, it seemed that she had been sealed for countless years. Even if the lifespan of a Divine Realm cultivator was much longer than that of a Divine Ocean cultivator, her lifespan should be less than a hundred thousand years.
However, according to Feng Nianyun, it took her a hundred thousand years to nurture living creatures in her inner world, but she still didn't enter the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. She must have used some method.
This method was the Soul Sealing Technique. Moreover, Feng Nianyun didn't cast it on herself. Someone forced it on her!
To a certain extent, the Soul Sealing Technique could resist the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. In the Upper Realm, there were some super powerful people who used this method to prolong their lives.
However, the weakness of this method was obvious. Before the Soul Sealing Technique was broken, one couldn't fully control their own body. Their soul was imprisoned in their own body. Other than creating a world when they were bored, there was nothing else to do …
Ordinary Divine Realm cultivators only needed to use a strand of their spirit to create a world in their dantian. Why would they need to put their entire soul into it?
However, Feng Nianyun was sealed in her dantian because she had no choice.
"I can't control my own body, but your soul has fused with the Soul Core. I can help you control my body!" Feng Nianyun suddenly said with a smile.
Luo Zheng was also speechless in his heart, but his face revealed a joyful expression.
Controlling this body was Luo Zheng's initial goal. It seemed that he had achieved his goal. However, he didn't expect it to be such a strange process …