"Alright, I'll send you out of the inner world!"
Feng Nianyun waved her hand at Luo Zheng, and an invisible force enveloped Luo Zheng.
After that, Luo Zheng's soul flew up into the sky. However, when he was in Ao Xiang's inner world, another bolt of lightning struck down, which gave Luo Zheng a fright.
After leaving the inner world, Luo Zheng returned to his mind. Then, Feng Nianyun's voice slowly drifted over.
"Previously, when you released the power of the Soul Core, I sealed it completely. There should be no problem now."
At this moment, streaks of grey light seeped into Feng Nianyun's body. Luo Zheng's soul was immersed in his mind, and he slowly regained his senses!
At this moment, Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others looked very gloomy.
On the platform, the atmosphere was very depressing!
The longer time passed, the less hope they had. They had been waiting here for four hours, but there was still no news from Luo Zheng.
Everyone knew that Luo Zheng's soul had probably perished long ago. They just didn't want to admit it.
"Sigh, we shouldn't have explored the Heavenly Star Secret Realm this time. We shouldn't have taken the Ancestral Dragon egg! What's worse is that we brought Luo Tianxing with us! If he dies, we … "A Divine Sea Realm Almighty said hesitantly.
"Give up the Heavenly Star Secret Realm? Hmph! The Supervisor will not be happy! "Another Divine Sea Realm Almighty retorted.
"What's there to be unhappy about? Although the Ancestral Dragon egg is important, isn't Luo Tianxing important? Moreover, the Ancestral Dragon egg isn't something that can be obtained in one or two years. We still have a chance next year! "
"We do have a chance, but Luo Zheng insisted on entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm …"
Several Divine Sea Realm Almighties were arguing on the top floor of the cemetery.
"Stop talking!"
Amidst the argument, the Tianfeng War Emperor couldn't help but roar. Although they were all Divine Sea Realm Almighties, the authority of the emperors was unquestionable. Therefore, when the Tianfeng War Emperor roared, all the Divine Sea Realm Almighties shut up.
"I'll occupy the corpses on the twelfth floor! Then, we'll set off for the Heavenly Chen Secret Territory! " The Tianfeng War Emperor was already in a bad mood. Hearing this fellow's clamor, he was naturally irritated.
Hearing that her father was about to leave, Huo Yuner said, "Father, why don't we wait a little longer?"
Even though Huo Yuner was occupying someone else's body, the Tianfeng War Emperor could still see the sadness in her eyes. He let out a long sigh and said, "Yuner, this Luo Zheng … I'm afraid he has already fallen."
Even though they didn't know what happened to the woman's body, the death of a Spirit Sea Realm warrior had explained everything. That Spirit Sea Realm warrior was still hiding in the body. The body was burned and his soul was melted.
This woman was really powerful. This corpse was the corpse of her Dragon Bloodline Clan, but it was still burned by her eyes!
Huo Yuner pursed her lips, but her face revealed a trace of stubbornness. She said, "Father, I want to investigate again!"
"No!" The Tianfeng War Emperor flatly rejected Huo Yuner's request. The tragic death of that Spirit Sea Realm warrior was still vivid in his mind. How could he let his daughter die?
"Sister, give up." Huo Chen also shook his head at Huo Yuner.
Huo Yuner didn't say anything. She only looked at the stone pillar not far away. No one knew what she was thinking.
Among those present, only Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the War Emperor Da Yu were still in soul form. After the crystal coffin was opened, they were afraid that something unexpected would happen, so they all entered the twelfth floor.
After a while, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the other two kings each chose a corpse on the twelfth floor and returned to the thirteenth floor.
"Let's go!" The Tianfeng War Emperor ordered.
Even though everyone was helpless, there was nothing they could do. They could only choose to go to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm …
The path to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm was at the back of the cemetery. They could go down from the stairs on the other side. However, just as everyone was about to go around the stone pillar, Huo Yuner suddenly approached the stone pillar!
"Sister!" Seeing this scene, Huo Chen shouted loudly.
Huo Yuner's action immediately alarmed the Divine Ocean Realm experts in front of her.
At the same time, the Tianfeng War Emperor's body shot towards Huo Yuner like a sharp arrow!
His daughter had always been obedient. Now, she was about to do something foolish. Putting aside the fact that Luo Zheng wasn't dead, Huo Yuner would definitely die if she approached the woman's body!
Huo Yuner only felt regret. She felt that Luo Zheng couldn't have died here. As for the mystery surrounding the woman, she really wanted to know more.
"Yuner! Stop right there! "The Tianfeng War Emperor roared.
Huo Yuner ignored her father's roar. She stood in front of the woman and asked indifferently, "You, what did you do to Luo Tianxing?"
Seeing this, the Tianfeng War Emperor cursed his daughter for being too naive. However, the woman didn't seem to open her eyes. He hoped that she would let Huo Yuner go! At this moment, the Tianfeng War Emperor was only two to three feet away from Huo Yuner. As for the other Divine Ocean Realm experts, they had all turned back and followed behind the Tianfeng War Emperor.
At this moment, the grey light from the soul core had already enveloped Feng Nianyun's body.
"There's another brat who isn't afraid of death. How dare she come closer! Is she your old flame? "Feng Nianyun's voice was transmitted to Luo Zheng.
Huo Yuner was the only female martial artist present. Luo Zheng replied, "Don't touch her!"
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly and didn't say anything.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had completed the fusion and the control of this body was temporarily in his hands. He tried to move his fingers twice and then slowly opened his eyes!
When the pair of golden eyes appeared, the Tianfeng War Emperor's face was filled with shock. He increased his flying speed, wanting to bring Huo Yuner away from the danger zone.
However, Huo Yuner said seriously, "Elder, can you tell me how Luo Tianxing is now? We're only here to … "
Before she could finish her sentence, a figure rushed over and pulled her away from the stone pillar!
"Let's go! Let's go! That woman is awake again! "
"Let's go to the Heavenly Star Secret Realm!"
After all, this woman was at the Ultimate Divine Realm. In this Great Thousand World, she was an existence that could crush anyone. No one wanted to provoke her!
Huo Yuner was dragged by the Tianfeng War Emperor down another flight of stairs. The other Divine Ocean Realm experts were also scrambling to be the first.
When Luo Zheng opened his eyes, he saw this scene. He was confused. Why did they abandon him and run away? However, Luo Zheng understood this after thinking for a while.
Previously, Feng Nianyun had killed a Divine Ocean Realm expert. Now that he was controlling this body to "awaken", it would be strange if they didn't run away!
He wasn't familiar with the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. He planned to enter with the people from the four Divine Kingdoms. He couldn't be left behind. Thinking of this, Luo Zheng quickly took out the Sumeru Ring. Then, he took out the Black Star Pickaxe. With a light wave, he broke the chains on her legs.
Then, she jumped down from the stone pillar …
As expected of the body of a Ultimate Divine Realm expert! Luo Zheng felt that this body was filled with a vast amount of energy!
Luo Zheng's strength wasn't weaker than others. However, that was only when compared to Life and Death Realm experts. If he didn't use the power of the dragon scale, Luo Zheng's strength was inferior to Divine Ocean Realm experts.
However, as soon as he stepped on the ground, he felt his chest sink. At the same time, a strange expression appeared on his face. Women and men had different body structures. Some parts of their bodies felt strange.
At this moment, Luo Zheng couldn't care less. As soon as he steadied himself, he stepped on the ground with his bare feet. Then, he shot out like an arrow, following closely behind Zhou Huang and the others!
"It's okay! She shouldn't be able to catch up. That woman's legs are still tied up! "
"Well, we don't have to be so fast …"
"That was close. Where did this woman come from? Shouldn't Ultimate Divine Realm experts be thrown out of the Great Thousand World? Why is she still here?"
Just as the warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms relaxed, a Divine Ocean Realm expert looked back and saw the woman diving down at an extremely fast speed. His face darkened as he shouted, "Run! She's really here!"
＝＝＝＝＝