Many warriors turned around and saw the girl of the Ultimate God Realm diving down at an incredible speed. They were all shocked!
All of them rushed forward in a rush!
The Tianfeng War Emperor grabbed Huo Yuner and Huo Chen and rushed to the front.
Everyone knew in their hearts that all they had to do was to outrun the other party. Those who fell behind would definitely die.
"Sh * t! They are running so fast!"
Luo Zheng looked at the Divine Ocean Realm warriors in front of him. They were all rushing forward at an extremely fast speed. There was nothing he could do. However, he felt a slight heat in his lower abdomen. Streaks of True Essence were transmitted to him!
These streaks of True Essence were extracted from his inner world. The True Essence was continuously supplied. Luo Zheng activated it and flew up …
Because of the power of blood sacrifice, he couldn't fly after entering the Divine Emperor Island as a soul. The occupied body didn't have any True Essence. The only thing he could rely on was the strength of his body. Normally, the Divine Ocean Realm warriors in front of him could fly freely in the sky. But now, they could only run wildly on the ground.
Under such crazy running, their speed was naturally slower than Luo Zheng's flying speed!
"Whoosh …"
This speed …
Even Luo Zheng himself was stunned! Was this the strength of the Ultimate God Realm?
He activated his True Essence and shot out like this. His speed was almost beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Even if Luo Zheng activated his Vital Essence and True Essence at the same time, his speed would still be less than one-tenth of his current speed!
Therefore, in just one breath's time, Luo Zheng caught up with them!
Not only did he catch up, but Luo Zheng couldn't control his speed. He flew over and landed right in front of the Divine Ocean Realm warriors. After all, this body wasn't Luo Zheng's. When he landed, he couldn't control his body well. He smashed into the graveyard, creating a huge hole in the ground.
"Hey, this is my body. Don't you dare mess around!" Due to the Soul Sealing Technique, Feng Nianyun was no longer able to control her body. However, this was her body after all. Although it wouldn't hurt her body, it wasn't a good thing.
Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. Then, he got up from the ground and finally stopped these guys...
He walked over with a smile on his face. However, the faces of these Divine Sea Realm warriors were filled with coldness!
Most of the Divine Sea Realm warriors were nervous. Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the other Country Lords were slightly more powerful. Their expressions were slightly calmer. But at this moment, they were prepared to fight with their lives on the line.
However, would they be able to fight against a Ultimate Divine Realm warrior?
Moreover, they were now occupying other people's corpses, so they couldn't use their full strength.
This time, the top powerhouses of the four Divine Kingdoms were in trouble …
Zhou Huang's expression was calm. He looked at the smiling girl and said, "Senior, we accidentally barged into this cemetery. If we have disturbed you, please forgive us …"
Seeing their expressions, Luo Zheng suddenly had the urge to play a prank on them. He put away the smile on his face and said coldly, "Forgive us? Accidentally barged in? Hmph! What a nice way to put it! "
Zhou Huang and the others' hearts sank when they heard this. This girl didn't come with good intentions!
All the Spirit Sea Realm warriors looked terrible. If they were to fight with this girl at the Extreme God Realm, then all of them would die here!
However, at this moment, Huo Yuner rushed out from the crowd and asked, "Senior, what did you do to Luo Tianxing? Is he dead? "
Even now, Huo Yuner still seemed to care about him. Luo Zheng was touched. He suddenly smiled at Huo Yuner and said, "Of course I'm fine!"
Hearing this inexplicable sentence, everyone was confused.
However, Huo Yuner's face was also full of shock. She looked at the girl in front of her and suddenly felt that the girl's smile was somewhat familiar.
Even if a person changed their appearance, or even changed their body, their previous habits, some small actions, and even their smile would not change. A possibility suddenly jumped out from her chest!
Huo Yuner was the first to react. "Tianxing, you're Luo Tianxing. You did it!"
Luo Zheng nodded gently with a smile on his face.
At this moment, the Divine Sea Realm warriors finally realized that this guy was Luo Zheng himself! He had successfully occupied the body of the girl in the pillar!
Zhou Huang, the Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others relaxed. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to succeed.
"Tianxing, since you've succeeded, then shouldn't we …" The Tianfeng War Emperor quickly said.
Just now, they couldn't merge with the bodies of the super powerhouses on the 13th floor because of the girl in the pillar. However, now that Luo Zheng had directly taken the girl's body, they could go back and take the other bodies!
Luo Zheng had taken the girl's body, which was the same as removing a key obstacle!
Luo Zheng nodded at them and said, "Yes, you can go and occupy the other bodies!"
The Heavenly Wind War Emperor, Sky Fortune Kingdom King, Battle Emperor Yu the Great, and Zhou Huang all had happy expressions on their faces. Thus, the four of them immediately chose to turn back. There were even some Divine Sea realm Supreme Elders who believed that their soul force was comparable to the four Emperor's that were also eager to give it a try! After all, everyone wanted to occupy a stronger body!
Luo Zheng, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, King Yan, and the others stood in place, waiting for them to switch bodies.
At this time, Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, King Yan, and the others all looked at Luo Zheng with strange expressions. Huo Yuner herself slowly walked over with a smile.
Generally speaking, occupying a body was done by someone of the same sex. Occupying the body of the opposite sex was indeed a very strange experience. This was equivalent to Luo Zheng temporarily possessing a girl's body …
Before this, they didn't know that the girl was Luo Zheng and were naturally afraid of her Ultimate Divine Stage cultivation. Now that they found out that it was actually Luo Zheng, they all surrounded her and sized her up!
King Yan chuckled and said, "Tianxing, how do you feel?"
Luo Zheng really couldn't answer this question. As a man, he naturally didn't like this feeling. However, this was the body of a Ultimate Divine Stage powerhouse. With the help of Feng Nianyun's body, his chances of entering the Heavenly Star Secret Realm and obtaining the Ancestral Dragon egg would increase by many times.
"Not good." Huo Yuner looked left and right, then shook her head and said, "Not good."
Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner in confusion and asked, "What's not good?"
"You're wearing too little!" As she spoke, Huo Yuner took out a set of clothes from her Sumeru Ring and threw it to Luo Zheng. Although most warriors entered the cemetery as souls, they still carried their Sumeru Ring with them. After all, there were some important items that they needed.
Feng Nianyun's clothes were very thin, and her slender and round legs were exposed. Huo Yuner paid attention to these details.
However, when Luo Zheng picked up the clothes that Huo Yuner threw over, he was speechless. It was actually an emerald green dress.
Luo Zheng could only decline Huo Yuner's kindness. He took out a set of men's clothes from his Sumeru Ring and casually wrapped it around his body.
The four Monarchs didn't need to interrogate for names. Seizing the bodies on the thirteenth floor was a simple matter. After they returned and changed bodies, they quickly returned.
Whether it was Zhou Huang or the Tianfeng War Emperor, the four Monarchs couldn't suppress the excitement in their hearts. Although they were occupying other people's bodies, their eyes were filled with excitement.
Previously, they had only obtained bodies on the thirteenth floor once. This time, all four of them had obtained bodies! This time, they could possibly explore the entire Heavenly Star Secret Realm in one go. They could even obtain the Ancestral Dragon's egg!
"This time, we still have to thank Tianxing!" Zhou Huang said to Luo Zheng.
The Tianfeng War Emperor agreed. "You're right. If it weren't for Tianxing, we wouldn't have been able to obtain so many soul cores. We wouldn't have been able to occupy these bodies!" The Tianfeng War Emperor occupied the body of "Feng Zhan". At this moment, he was like an iron tower. He stood in the middle of everyone and exuded a domineering aura.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said a few words of modesty. He then said, "The next Heavenly Star Secret Realm will require the help of the Monarchs!"
He looked at the end of the cemetery. The next Heavenly Star Secret Realm was above the other three secret realms. It was the core of the Dragon Bloodline Clan.