The entire Divine Emperor Island was a huge graveyard. Along the way, both sides of the road were densely packed with tombstones.
The Holy Land of the Dragon Bloodline was an eighth-rank force. Warriors who were buried in the graveyard would not be nameless. Those who were buried on the high platform were all core members of the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Apart from the surname "Feng", there were many experts with other surnames in the Dragon Bloodline Clan. Even the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were not qualified to keep their bodies. They could only be buried in the graveyard, slowly decaying into a pile of yellow soil under an inconspicuous tombstone. The only difference was that the tombstones of the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm were all made of golden dragon heads, which could be recognized at a glance.
Looking at these tombstones, the mighty warriors of the Divine Sea Realm sighed. If the Ascension Passage could not be opened, their final fate would still be to be stuck in the Divine Sea Realm. When their lifespans were exhausted, they still could not escape death.
In the end, they would just hold a grand funeral and sleep in an exquisite coffin, slowly being forgotten by others …
The warriors in the universe used their entire lives to surpass this limit and escape from the pursuit of the God of Death.
After leaving the graveyard, there was a dark forest in front of them. At the end of the forest was the tail of the Divine Emperor Island. The Divine Emperor Island was an area where a "funnel" extended from the tail. At the end of the funnel was a long and narrow sea road.
This road, which was about twenty feet wide, extended all the way into the sea. However, it cut the sea into two halves. It was like a brown ribbon lying on the surface of the sea. It was a marvelous sight.
Under the leadership of the White Eyebrows Taoist by the West Dragon River, a sacrificial ceremony was held. The Blood Sacrifice Force in the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea was dispelled a lot. However, the Blood Sacrifice Force surrounding the Heavenly Star Secret Territory did not weaken at all. Streams of golden seawater, like pure gold being melted, were constantly slapping on this narrow road.
The Blood Sacrifice Power in this area was very dense. Even the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't break through. However, the Blood Sacrifice Power had no effect on the Dragon Bloodline. This was why the Divine Sea Realm experts wanted to seize the corpses. Only in this way could they enter the Tian Chen Secret Realm safely.
The Tianfeng War Emperor's tower-like figure stopped in front of the long and narrow road. He then said to the crowd, "This is the Dragon Bloodline Clan's Path of the Saint. At the end of this road is the entrance to the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. However, this Path of the Saint is not easy to pass. Everyone, be careful."
Hearing his father's reminder, Huo Chen asked stiffly, "Father, what dangers are there in the Saint's Path?"
The Tianfeng War Emperor smiled faintly and replied, "You guys encountered the Arrow Delaying Zone in the Feather Emperor's Secret Realm, right?"
Many of the juniors nodded their heads. The slow-flying swords still gave them a lingering fear. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng pushing the Divine Origin Magnet Stone forward, all of the young warriors would have been trapped in the Arrow Delaying Zone.
The Tianfeng War Emperor continued, "The Feather Emperor's Secret Realm was the Arrow Delaying Zone. In a sense, this Saint's Path is the Arrow Delaying Zone!"
"Arrow Delaying Zone?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched. "This road is so narrow. If there is a rain of arrows, how can we dodge them?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Tianfeng War Emperor smiled faintly and said, "Although the four Divine Kingdoms are unable to explore the entire Tian Chen Secret Realm, we have thought of countless methods to explore it step by step. Back then, in order to pass through this Saint's Path, we sacrificed more than ten Divine Sea Realm experts. This is the experience we gained through blood!"
Then, the Tianfeng War Emperor's gaze fell on Zhou Huang. Zhou Huang opened his mouth and said, "Take it out!"
As soon as Zhou Huang finished speaking, the four Divine Sea Realm experts from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom took out huge shields that were six meters long from their Sumeru Rings!
They inserted the huge shields into the ground one by one. Luo Zheng's gaze swept across them. There were more than ten huge shields.
The surface of these shields emitted a faint seven-colored luster. Luo Zheng could feel the Power of the Five Elements within them.
"Divine Origin Magnet Stone!" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he asked, "I thought the Divine Origin Magnet Stone couldn't be processed?"
Luo Zheng had seen the hardness of the Divine Origin Magnet Stone. The Power of the Five Elements within it was extremely chaotic. Because of this, there was no absolute power that could restrain it. Coupled with the fact that it was incomparably tough, even if a Divine Artifact were to strike it, the Divine Artifact would collapse!
Therefore, even a Divine Sea Realm expert couldn't shake the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain.
Seeing Luo Zheng's gaze, Zhou Huang's eyes revealed a trace of pride. He smiled and said, "It's true that the Divine Origin Magnet Stone can't be processed. However, this Divine Origin Magnet Stone fell from the sky. When it fell, it caused the entire Great Thousand World to tremble. There were some small fragments that fell from the Divine Origin Magnet Mountain. Most of those fragments were collected by the Black Iron Divine Kingdom."
Hearing Zhou Huang's explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood. He looked at the huge shields again. There were indeed small Divine Origin Magnet Stones embedded in the shields. As for how the Black Iron Divine Kingdom pieced the Divine Origin Magnet Stones together, Luo Zheng didn't know.
It seemed that the four Divine Kingdoms had exhausted all means to enter the Heavenly Star Secret Territory …
"Alright, it's getting late. Set up the shields and let's go! Yun 'er, Huo Chen, you juniors should follow behind us. The difficulty of the Rapid Arrow Area is much more terrifying than the Slow Arrow Area! "The Tianfeng War Emperor warned.
When the juniors heard this, their hearts skipped a beat. They nervously followed behind the Tianfeng War Emperor.
An Almighty of the Divine Sea Realm carried a huge shield and walked directly in front. He held the shield horizontally and faced the Path of Saints head-on.
Four Divine Sea Realm experts carried huge shields and stood on both sides. Another two Divine Sea Realm experts carried huge shields and aimed them at the sky. The last Divine Sea Realm expert stood at the back.
The weight of these huge shields wasn't light. However, since they were occupying the corpse of a Divine Sea Realm expert, it was easy for them to lift these huge shields.
The blacksmiths of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom even made delicate buckles on the sides of the huge shields. The Divine Sea Realm experts only needed to touch the sides of the huge shields and the buckles would come together. Thus, the huge shields in the hands of the eight people formed an airtight box that contained over a hundred people.
The Tianfeng War Emperor shouted, "Let's go!"
Everyone stepped forward at the same time. The eight Divine Sea Realm experts also carried their huge shields and kept the same pace as everyone else. That long and narrow "box" slowly moved on this Saint's Road across the sea.
Everyone's speed wasn't fast. It was only slightly faster than an old man walking. After everyone walked for about ten feet, the sound of countless waves crashing could be heard from the surrounding golden sea.
Dragon-shaped statues began to emerge from the seawater! These Dragon-shaped statues had azure arrows in their mouths!
The Tianfeng War Emperor's expression didn't change. He only said indifferently, "It's coming. Hold on tight to the shields!"
The eight Divine Sea Realm experts' expressions turned serious and they held on tightly to the huge shields in their hands.
Just as the box moved another ten feet on the Path of the Saint, the sound of a mechanism being pulled could be heard!
"Whoosh!"
An azure arrow flew along the surface of the sea, leaving a trail of blue ripples in the air as it shot toward the small box.
Seeing the speed of the arrow, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The rapid arrow zone was much more troublesome than the slow arrow zone. Even if a Divine Sea Realm expert's body was hit by this arrow, a huge hole would be pierced through his body. Moreover, this arrow was blue and should be coated with Dragon Arsenic!
Luo Zheng's body was Feng Nianyun's body, not his own Saint artifact body. If he was hit by this arrow, there was no way he could survive.
The arrow, which was originally a hundred feet away, arrived in front of everyone in the blink of an eye. It heavily hit the huge shield on the left!
"Boom!"
Under the high-speed impact, a single arrow contained an irresistible force. The "box" formed by the huge shield tilted to the right and almost slipped into the sea!