The corpses of these Divine Ocean Realm experts had around 70% of their strength. Just one arrow was enough to release such terrifying power …
The expressions of the few juniors immediately became tense!
The Tianfeng War Emperor noticed Huo Yuner and Huo Chen's expressions and smiled. "Don't be afraid. We've walked this Saint's Road many times. There won't be too much danger!"
He originally wanted to say that the real danger was in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. However, there was no need to scare them now.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
After the first arrow flew over, three more arrows flew over from the right side of the "box"!
"Right side! Pay attention to your strength! "The Tianfeng War Emperor commanded again.
The two Divine Ocean Realm experts on the right side became serious and increased the strength in their hands!
"Puff puff puff!"
The arrows shattered when they collided with the giant shield. This time, the box only shook slightly and continued to move forward steadily on the Saint's Road.
"The arrows in the Rapid Arrow Zone are hard to dodge. However, with the giant shield, it won't be too much of a problem," the Crown Prince of the Tianfeng Divine Nation said with a smile.
After all, there were so many seniors protecting them this time. The Crown Princes and Princes could finally relax.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
As the "box" composed of giant shields walked further and further on the Path of Saints, more and more dragon-shaped sculptures rose from the sea surface in a straight line, and more and more blue arrows were shot out.
These arrows didn't just come from the left and right. Some of them came from the front and the sides. Some of the dragon statues even raised their heads and the arrows flew in a parabola, shooting down from above!
Fortunately, the eight giant shields blocked the top, front, back, and sides of the box. No matter which side the arrows came from, they couldn't penetrate the giant shields. The rain of arrows that came from all directions couldn't do anything to them.
Although their speed wasn't fast, they had already walked one-third of the way in the time it took for an incense stick to burn.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
One arrow after another landed on the shields like raindrops. The Tianfeng War Emperor was focused on reminding the Divine Sea Realm warriors who were carrying the shields to maintain their balance and not fall into the sea.
"The Path of the Saint is only 20 Li long. At this speed, we can pass it in half an hour," Zhou Huang said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He walked calmly in the middle of the crowd. Anyway, he didn't need to worry about passing the Saint's Road, so he wasn't in a hurry.
Right at this moment, a statue slowly rose up from the surface of the sea around 6km to the right of the Path of the Saints. It wasn't a dragon statue, it was actually a human statue!
This humanoid statue looked like it was carved out of white jade. From its face to its body, every part of it was carved in a vivid and lifelike manner. Its eyes seemed to be made of some kind of gemstone, shining with a scarlet light. What was even stranger was that although it was a statue, its four limbs were able to move nimbly, as if it was a living person!
The humanoid statue held a dark golden longbow in its hand, and there were dozens of black arrows on its back. When it slowly rose up from the sea, it reached out and took out a black arrow from the quiver on its back, nocked it on the dark golden longbow, and aimed at Luo Zheng's group.
Originally, Luo Zheng looked indifferent as he advanced with the Divine Ocean Realm experts. On this trip to the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, he was very relaxed. It seemed that even Feng Nianyun's body, which was at the Divine Ocean Realm, was useless.
However, right at this moment, a chill suddenly rose from his back. It seemed that his body instinctively felt a great danger!
"Danger?"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered as he looked around through the giant shield.
Right at this moment, Feng Nianyun's soul in his Inner World transmitted a message, "Idiot, it's not the right side, it's the left side. You've alerted that guy!"
"That guy? Who is it? "Luo Zheng immediately looked to the right. His eyes narrowed slightly as he found something unusual.
The statues rising and falling around them were almost all in the shape of dragons. However, about two hundred feet away, there was a "person" standing there!
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "The Dragon Bloodline Archer, one of Master Feng Bo's proudest masterpieces."
"Can it penetrate these giant shields?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly, "Probably. Although the Divine Magnetism Stone is strong, these eight giant shields are not completely made of Divine Magnetism Stone. They are made of small pieces of Divine Magnetism Stone. They shouldn't be able to block his arrows! That guy's arrows … are extraordinarily powerful! "
As soon as Feng Nianyun finished speaking, the Dragon Bloodline Archer had already drawn the longbow. Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng suddenly shouted, "Everyone, be careful! Watch out for the right side … "
As soon as he finished speaking, the Dragon Bloodline Archer released the bowstring …
"Buzz —"
An ear-piercing sound of the bowstring vibrating was immediately transmitted to everyone's ears.
The sound of the bowstring vibrating was like the ripples of fish scales on the surface of the sea!
Then, everyone saw a black ray of light shooting towards them!
In the blink of an eye, there were not many people who could react in such a short time. After the black light shot out, another explosion sounded in the air, and the speed of the black arrow doubled!
When the black arrow was about fifty feet away from the "box" formed by the giant shields, there was another explosion, and its speed doubled again!
"Three-stage acceleration!"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. His hands were as fast as lightning as he directly grabbed Huo Chen and King Yan while shouting at the same time, "Get down! Get down! "
He shouted so anxiously, but his voice was Feng Nianyun's crisp voice. However, only a few Divine Ocean Realm experts reacted. The other Divine Ocean Realm experts only had time to turn their heads. When they saw the black light, it was only two or three feet away from the giant shields …
"Dong! Dong! "
Everyone only heard two extremely soft sounds.
At this moment, everyone had stopped moving forward. Everyone's faces were filled with astonishment. However, their expressions were slowly changing from astonishment to fear …
On the "box" formed by the giant shields, there were two small round holes. They were the first giant shield on the left and the first giant shield on the right. This arrow had directly penetrated the giant shields!
Each giant shield was twenty feet long and ten feet wide. These eight giant shields formed a large space. However, with eighty to ninety Divine Ocean Realm experts squeezed into the giant shields, the space was definitely not enough. Everyone was almost squeezing and standing close to each other. There was not much room for movement.
After being pierced by the arrows, everyone looked at each other, only to see that the four of them were still standing there, motionless …
There was a small hole on the foreheads of these four people. Obviously, the black light that shot out just now had directly penetrated their foreheads!
The four of them were all Divine Ocean Realm experts and had the souls of the Battle Soul Realm. However, the arrow was too powerful. After penetrating their heads and entering their minds, it directly shattered their souls!
"Plop, plop, plop …"
After their souls were shattered, their bodies became ownerless and fell to the ground directly.
Huo Chen and King Yan's eyes were filled with great fear. The two of them were standing on the spot where the arrow had penetrated. If it weren't for Luo Zheng who pulled them away, the black light would have penetrated their minds. At this moment, their souls would have been turned into ashes!
"What, what the hell is this?"
"That statue, that human-shaped statue! His arrow can penetrate the shield! "
"What should we do? We can't move fast. We are moving targets … "
Four powerful warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm were killed by this one arrow. How could the others not be flustered?
The key was that everyone was trapped in the "box" formed by the giant shields. The space was limited and there was no room for them to dodge.
Unless they abandoned the "box". The problem was that if they abandoned the "box", they would have to face the endless "arrows" outside. They wouldn't be able to survive either!
＝＝＝＝＝