Now, everyone was stuck in a dilemma. They couldn't retreat, but they couldn't advance!
The faces of the four rulers were so gloomy that it seemed as if water could drip from them.
"What is that?" Luo Zheng squinted his eyes and asked.
Zhou Huang shook his head, "I've never seen it before. It has never appeared before!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor frowned and said, "Moreover, that human statue has intelligence. It knows that we are occupying the corpse, so the arrow is aimed at the head!"
Everyone was occupying the corpse. Now, they were equivalent to zombies, but zombies with souls.
If the arrow pierced through the corpse, there would only be a hole. It wouldn't cause any fatal damage, and there wouldn't be any blood flowing out.
But if the arrow pierced through the head, it wouldn't be good. Under the high speed arrow, the soul would be shattered!
Looking at the power of the arrow, it could even pierce through shields made of Divine Origin Magnetic Stones. Even the supreme being corpses occupied by the four rulers couldn't resist such power.
"Ruler, what should we do? Let's retreat! "
"Ruler, quickly think of a way …"
Some of the Divine Sea Realm masters were already panicking. On the contrary, although Huo Chen and the others were afraid, they didn't speak. Huo Yun 'er and the other younger generation martial artists knew that they couldn't change anything. They could only listen to their father and hope that he could come up with a solution.
But what could the four rulers do?
Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Zhou Huang, and the Sky Fortune Kingdom's Monarch all had impatient expressions on their faces. They had finally managed to seize the corpse on the thirteenth level with great difficulty. They were originally prepared to show off their strength in the Heavenly Star Mystic Realm, but before they even entered the Heavenly Star Mystic Realm, they had already encountered such trouble. Was there anything more depressing than this in the world?
At this time, the Tianfeng War Emperor shouted, "Let's go! Let's rush over! We can only rush over. The statue shouldn't be able to move! Everyone, keep your eyes on the giant shield and charge! "
As the ruler of a country, even if he couldn't think of a solution, he still had the courage to make a prompt decision. The Tianfeng War Emperor didn't know if his guess was correct. It was very likely that his order would lead to more deaths. However, no matter what decision he made, it was better than having a group of people standing here as targets!
When the Divine Ocean Realm experts heard the Tianfeng War Emperor's words, they no longer hesitated. Carrying the shields around them, they began to jog towards the Saint Realm!
Everyone was trapped in this "box". Even if they increased their speed, it wouldn't be particularly fast. However, it was still a lot faster than before.
However, at this moment, a Divine Sea Realm warrior pointed at the sea and said, "Look, that guy!"
As the Divine Sea Realm warrior pointed, the human-shaped statue leaped up and stepped on the surface of the sea to move.
"He actually followed me! And it can move in the sea … "A Spirit Sea Realm warrior shouted helplessly.
"He nocked the bow, he nocked the bow! Everyone be careful! "
Under everyone's gaze, the humanoid statue once again pulled out a black arrow from its back and lightly nocked it on the dark golden longbow. Once again, it aimed at this side.
Just a moment ago, everyone was still able to jog together. Now that they saw the humanoid statue aiming at them again, everyone began to panic. Originally, they were already very courageous inside the "box". Now that everyone was scrambling to avoid the statue, they became even more crowded!
"Everyone, calm down! You useless things, don't be too presumptuous! "The Tianfeng War Emperor suddenly roared.
The War Emperor's anger had some effect. Everyone calmed down a little. Then, the Tianfeng War Emperor said, "Everyone, spread out. Try not to squeeze together. If you squeeze together, more people will die!"
If everyone spread out, the arrow shot by the humanoid statue wouldn't be able to pierce through so many people so easily. However, if they squeezed together, the situation would be different. One arrow could probably kill five or six people, or even more.
Just as everyone spread out according to the Tianfeng War Emperor's order, another black light shot out from the humanoid statue's dark golden longbow!
"Sou — Pa, pa, pa!"
When the black light was first shot out, its strength didn't seem to be particularly terrifying. Its speed was only slightly faster than the arrow smeared with Dragon Arsenic. However, as it flew through the air, it would explode three times in a row. Each time it exploded, its speed and strength would more than double. After the third explosion, the speed and strength of the arrow had reached an extremely terrifying level!
The black light disappeared in front of everyone's eyes. Then, two small holes appeared on the giant shield.
Everyone looked at themselves and finally focused their attention on a Divine Ocean Realm expert. A small hole appeared on his forehead. Then, with a plop, he fell to the ground.
"Only one died this time," Zhou Huang murmured.
"There's still a long way to go before the Saint's Path. Even if we rush over, most of us will die!"
"The situation will be the same if we retreat!"
"Then what should we do?"
Although the second arrow only killed one person, many Divine Ocean Realm experts had fallen into a state of despair.
It couldn't be said that these Divine Ocean Realm experts were afraid of death. They had endured for so many years and finally, one day, they could open the path to ascension. But now, they had to face such a desperate situation. One could imagine how they felt at this moment!
"Send someone out to deal with that statue!" The Tianfeng War Emperor said in a deep voice.
"But the Saint's Path is next to the sea. We can't use True Yuan and can't fly!" A Divine Ocean Realm expert said.
As soon as he finished speaking, everyone's eyes fell on Luo Zheng!
Everyone knew that Luo Zheng was the only one who possessed a physical body. Previously, he had used True Yuan to fly. Moreover, his physical body was at the Divine Realm. Right now, their only hope was on him!
However, outside of the giant shield, they still had to face the rain of arrows. It was also very dangerous for Luo Zheng to go out.
Seeing that everyone was looking at him, he blinked his golden eyes and smiled faintly. "It seems that I have to go and destroy that statue!"
The Tianfeng War Emperor stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes and said, "Luo Tianxing! If you can save us this time, you will be a great benefactor of the four Divine Kingdoms! In the future, if … "
Luo Zheng waved his hand and stopped the Tianfeng War Emperor. He said calmly, "We are all in the same boat in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. Saving you is also saving myself. No need to say more. Open the giant shield!"
All the Divine Ocean Realm experts looked at Luo Zheng with grateful eyes.
Who could have imagined that this little guy was merely a representative of the Black Jade Martial House at the West Dragon River. After that, he used his formidable strength to crush the younger generation warriors of the same level. After entering the Sky Feather Sacred Ocean, he played a huge role. Now, he had become the only life-saving straw in everyone's hands!
At this moment, other than gratitude, they could only sigh.
The two Divine Sea Realm Almighties opened the buckle on the edge of the giant shield, and only a small crack appeared. Feng Nianyun's petite body was able to squeeze through the crack easily.
However, Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to the size of his chest. His chest rubbed against the shield, which caused Feng Nianyun to complain in his Inner World!
Of course, Luo Zheng chose to ignore her complaints …
"Crack!"
After letting Luo Zheng out, the two Divine Ocean Realm experts locked the giant shield together. That black light was fatal, and so were the other "rapid arrows"!
As soon as Luo Zheng left the protection of the "box", seven or eight blue arrows shot toward him. In a flash, they were only a few feet away from Luo Zheng.
"Go!"
Luo Zheng had already circulated his True Yuan. How terrifying was the speed of a Divine Ocean Realm expert? In almost the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng left his original spot and shot high up in the sky!
Because he didn't control his True Yuan and strength well, he jumped up to a height of five to six thousand feet …
"Be careful. If you are hit by an arrow, it will be troublesome to deal with the Dragon Arsenic!" Feng Nianyun's voice came from his Inner World again.