This Dragon Bloodline Archer was actually a puppet. However, it was made to be the purest archer!
The moment the puppet's eyes locked onto Luo Zheng, he suddenly felt very uncomfortable. It was as if he was a sheep being stared at by a wolf, and Luo Zheng was that sheep!
"Will you die if you get shot by that guy?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Luo Zheng was also curious about how powerful the body of a Divine Realm warrior was. It was even more powerful than a Divine Ocean Realm warrior!
However, Feng Nianyun angrily said, "Nonsense! This Dragon Bloodline Archer's bow is only a Semi-Divine Weapon, the Rising Sun Dragon Bow. However, the arrow on its back is a genuine Divine Weapon! How can I block it with my body! "
"A Divine Weapon Arrow …" Luo Zheng's face flashed with astonishment. This Dragon Bloodline Clan was indeed an eighth-rank Holy Land. Just a puppet guard could use a Divine Weapon Arrow. No wonder the black arrow was so sharp.
At this moment, the uncomfortable feeling on Luo Zheng's body began to escalate. Waves of cold air came from Luo Zheng's back!
Above the golden sea, the Dragon Bloodline Archer had already nocked the black arrow on the longbow and aimed at him. Obviously, it wanted to kill him directly.
Luo Zheng slightly narrowed his eyes. When he was about to rush down, Feng Nianyun, who was directly inside his body, said, "Are you going to rush over just like that? Are you going to kill him with your True Essence and my body? "
"What else can I do?" Luo Zheng said.
With a Divine Realm body, Luo Zheng could crush a Divine Ocean Realm warrior just by using his True Essence and physical strength. Although the Dragon Bloodline Archer's puppet was sharp, with its advantage of speed, Luo Zheng wasn't particularly afraid of it.
"But open … Hey!" Feng Nianyun didn't finish her sentence before Luo Zheng had already dived down!
"Luo Zheng is attacking! He's rushing towards the human-shaped statue! "
"I hope we can kill that human-shaped statue in one fell swoop. God bless us!"
"Hmph, the heavens bless you my ass. If the heavens bless you, do you think there would still be a Heavenly Tribulation?"
"That statue is also aiming at Luo Zheng. I hope it doesn't hit him …"
All the Divine Sea Realm warriors looked up at the sky through the huge shields. They saw the agile figure of the "girl" diving down at an unimaginable speed!
The wind whistled past Luo Zheng's ears. His golden eyes were fixed on the Dragon Vein Archer below. He saw the Dragon Vein Archer's black arrow move slightly, and a black beam of light shot toward him!
"Whoosh …"
Just as the human-shaped sculpture loosened its grip, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly swayed, spiraling into a strange trapezoid in the air.
"Pa pa pa!"
After three consecutive explosions, the black arrow shot toward Luo Zheng at a terrifying speed!
One arrow, one person, crisscrossed in the air. The arrow brushed past Luo Zheng's ear, and the turbulent airflow caused by the arrow scraped against Luo Zheng's face. Even though he had a body of the Divine Realm, he still felt a sharp pain on his cheek!
"Be careful!" Feng Nianyun said angrily. Although her soul was sealed and she couldn't control her body, it was still her body after all.
"Sorry, your face is too tender." Luo Zheng grinned. As soon as he sent out his consciousness, he was already close to the Dragon Vein Archer.
At this time, countless blue arrows flew past the trajectory of Luo Zheng's dive. Those ordinary blue arrows were far slower than Luo Zheng's flying speed …
Although this Dragon Vein Archer was a puppet, its intelligence seemed to be extremely strong. When it saw Luo Zheng approaching it at an incredible speed, it suddenly retreated to the side.
At this time, Luo Zheng realized that this Dragon Vein Archer couldn't fly, and it didn't rely on its true essence to stand on the surface of the sea. Under this layer of the sea, there were stone pillars. The sea level just happened to submerge these stone pillars, so it seemed that this guy could walk on the surface of the sea!
As it retreated, it jumped from one stone pillar to another. From afar, it looked like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the water, walking on the sea.
How could Luo Zheng let this guy go?
The biggest taboo of an archer was to be approached by others. Since Luo Zheng had already approached, he naturally wouldn't let him pull away from him.
"Da da da …"
The two bounced rapidly on the surface of the water. Luo Zheng's legs suddenly tensed up, and his whole body flew out nimbly. The true essence in his hand began to circulate, condensing into a thin blade!
This was just temporary. However, the True Essence of the Extreme Divinity Realm was far more powerful than that of the Divine Sea Realm and the Life and Death Realm. This True Essence already contained the rules of Nianyun's inner world. Although he could only visualize a thin blade, it was enough for him to use here!
Seeing that it couldn't get rid of Luo Zheng, the Dragon Vein Archer kept retreating. Suddenly, it stood firmly on a stone pillar under the sea and stomped hard with one foot. A golden wave splashed out, disrupting Luo Zheng's vision!
Taking advantage of this gap, the Dragon Vein Archer drew an arrow and nocked the bow again. The whole movement was completed in the blink of an eye. It was smooth and skillful. He actually wanted to shoot Luo Zheng at close range!
And Luo Zheng, flying horizontally, was only three feet away from the Dragon Vein Archer. When the wave splashed down, he was facing the Dragon Vein Archer directly. His golden pupils stared at the black arrow head, and his small eyebrows wrinkled slightly.
"Quack quack, go … die …"
The Dragon Vein Archer opened its mouth and spoke! And it spoke the language of the human race!
As soon as the voice fell, the bowstring suddenly loosened, and the black light shot toward Luo Zheng's face again.
Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow. His head only slightly tilted, and the black light flashed past his ear again. At the same time, a faint smile appeared on his face. He responded, "You won't die so easily!"
The terrifying thing about this black light was that it accelerated three times in the air. After three explosions, the power of this divine artefact level arrow was enough to kill a warrior of the Ultimate Divine Realm. However, the black arrow that had just left the longbow was not enough to threaten Luo Zheng in terms of speed or power.
"Swoosh!"
The arrow did not hit Luo Zheng. He directly waved the longbow in his hand, using the bowstring as a blade, and slashed at Luo Zheng's neck!
However, Luo Zheng reached out and pinched. Feng Nianyun's delicate fingers pinched the bowstring perfectly!
"Puff!"
Although she pinched it, blood still bloomed on her finger. Her finger was cut by the bowstring.
"Hey! Can you be normal? This is my physical body! " Feng Nianyun complained again. Luo Zheng did not cherish her body at all. If Luo Zheng was not seventh grandpa's subordinate, she would definitely pull Luo Zheng's soul into her inner world again and ravage it!
Luo Zheng's body was invulnerable, but he was used to using such a barbaric method to subdue his enemies. He forgot that although Feng Nianyun was a warrior of the Ultimate Divine Realm, her body was still made of flesh and blood.
He didn't pay any attention to Feng Nianyun. Instead, he suddenly drew and released the bowstring at lightning speed!
Before the Dragon Bloodline Archer could react, the bowstring bounced back. As the bowstring let out a strange sound, the surrounding sea rippled like fish scales. Then, the Dragon Bloodline Archer froze on the spot.
A thin line appeared on its neck. Its scarlet eyes stared at Luo Zheng. After a while, its head slowly slid off its neck.
The cut on its neck was very smooth. It was unknown what material the Dragon Bloodline Archer was made of. It felt like some kind of jade, but the texture was very soft. His mind slid to the stone pillar below the sea. Luo Zheng planned to take the bow and arrows!
A semi-divine tool and a bag of divine arrows. Luo Zheng would not waste them by throwing them into the sea.
However, just as Luo Zheng reached out his hand, the Dragon Bloodline Archer's body suddenly moved. Although it had lost its head, the Dragon Bloodline Archer's movements were still very agile. It instantly pulled out a black arrow from its back and was about to stab Luo Zheng's head!
However, it waved the arrow and was only halfway done. With an explosion, the headless puppet finally stopped moving.
Luo Zheng raised his foot with a faint smile on his face. The Dragon Bloodline Archer's head had been crushed by his foot.