Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
This puppet wasn't a human. Luo Zheng wasn't stupid enough to think that he could kill it by cutting off its neck.
However, after stomping on its head, the puppet couldn't move at all. It just stood there on the stone pillar in a daze.
At this time, Luo Zheng calmly took out his dark golden longbow. This longbow was as tall as a person. The dark golden lines faintly revealed a mysterious aura. The bowstring of this longbow was made of an unknown material. Although it was thin and weak, it was extremely flexible. Luo Zheng had cut Feng Nianyun's finger when he casually pinched it.
"A semi-divine tool. Too bad it's a bow." Luo Zheng had never used a bow before. However, this type of long-range weapon often had miraculous effects.
After looking at it for a while, Luo Zheng reached out again and took out the quiver on the puppet's back.
"Arrows of the divine tool level!"
These arrows didn't have any special abilities. However, the power that was shot just now was extremely terrifying. Not only could it easily kill a Divine Sea Realm expert, but it could also easily penetrate a huge shield made of Divine Magnetic Stone.
According to Feng Nianyun, even if her body was hit, she wouldn't be spared!
"It's a pity that there aren't many arrows." Luo Zheng looked at the quiver. There were only about eight black arrows in the quiver.
Although these black arrows were God-tier weapons, they were like the Heavenly Thunder Halberd, a one-time consumable item. Every time one was used up, there would be one less. Thus, these eight black arrows could only be used eight times.
However, the moment Luo Zheng reached out and touched the quiver, his eyes suddenly flashed. He felt the aura of the Space Law.
"Sumeru Space?"
Normally, the Sumeru Space would have to recognize its owner. However, this Dragon Bloodline Archer was only a puppet. Luo Zheng easily erased the mark on it. Then, he reached his consciousness into it to investigate. Immediately, Luo Zheng's face was filled with surprise.
Within the Sumeru Space of the quiver, there were hundreds of black arrows densely packed together!
Not only were there black arrows, but there were also two other types of arrows. One type of arrow had a small ghost head embedded in it, and it was completely red. The other type of arrow was dark green, and it seemed to contain a strong aura of life. It was unknown what the effects of each arrow were.
"Whoosh …"
While Luo Zheng was investigating, several more arrows with blue light trailing behind them shot towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed nimbly and once again returned to his original position. However, the two arrows that contained Dragon Arsenic had already lost their aim and fell into the golden sea.
This was not the place to search for treasures. After Luo Zheng quickly put the dark golden longbow and quiver into his Sumeru Ring, his figure flashed and flew high into the air, once again embarking on the Saint's Road.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Although Luo Zheng had killed the Dragon Bloodline Archer Puppet, there were still countless dragon statues rising and falling around him, constantly shooting out blue arrows!
Most of these blue arrows landed on the giant shield, and Luo Zheng's figure quickly shuttled back and forth, so not a single arrow hit him.
"Open the giant shield!"
Seeing that Luo Zheng had not only killed the humanoid puppet, but also returned safely, the Extreme Realm Monarch's face revealed an expression of great joy! He ordered them to open the giant shield and let Luo Zheng in.
However, Luo Zheng only waved his hand and said indifferently, "You guys continue forward. I'll just fly at a high altitude."
With the fleshly body of an Ultimate Divine Stage expert, apart from the black arrows of the Dragon Bloodline Archer, ordinary blue arrows were no threat to Luo Zheng. Naturally, there was no need for him to stay in the narrow space of the giant shield.
Therefore, under the command of the Tianfeng War Emperor, the "box" formed by the giant shield continued to withstand the rain of arrows and advanced on the Path of the Saint. However, this time, the speed was much faster.
Luo Zheng's figure rose and floated high in the sky. By maintaining this height, he could avoid the rain of arrows from the dragon statues. Standing there, Luo Zheng could see that the narrow Path of the Saint extended into the distance. At the end of the Path of the Saint was actually a giant hole!
This was an extremely strange scene.
When the seawater reached the end of the Saint's Path of the Saint, it stopped flowing. It was as if an invisible force had spread out and blocked all the seawater. Not a single drop of seawater could enter the Path of the Saint. Therefore, it was equivalent to forming an ocean abyss!
"Is the Heavenly Star Secret Realm within this ocean abyss?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. He didn't know how the Dragon Bloodline Clan did it. They were actually able to stop the flow of seawater!
Luo Zheng wasn't clear about the depth of the abyss. However, he maintained a height of 10,000 feet. From his angle, he still couldn't see the bottom of the abyss.
However, he wasn't in a hurry. He leisurely floated in the air and waited for the small box below to slowly move. At the same time, he was on guard against the appearance of other Dragon Bloodline Archers. However, it seemed that there was only one Dragon Bloodline Archer. After that, no new Dragon Bloodline Archers were born. Therefore, the rest of the Path of the Saint became simple.
When they reached the second half of the Path of the Saint, the number of arrows began to decrease. When they reached one-fifth of the Path of the Saint, the almighty Divine Ocean Realm experts directly put away their giant shields.
Without the threat of arrows, this group of warriors madly ran along the Path of the Saint. In just a few dozen breaths of time, they had already reached the end of the Path of the Saint. Luo Zheng also slowly descended.
At the end of the Path of the Saint was a fan-shaped platform. In the middle of the platform, there was a path embedded in the abyss at a 90-degree angle.
The seawater surged all the way to the sides of the platform and slowly flowed downward at a 90-degree angle. Everyone was standing at the top of the cliff formed by the seawater!
"How do we proceed? Do we jump down? "Luo Zheng asked.
The Tianfeng War Emperor faintly smiled and said, "Just follow me!"
After saying that, he unexpectedly walked to the edge of the platform. Below the platform was a bottomless abyss. Because the Tianfeng War Emperor was occupying the corpse, he couldn't use his true essence to fly. If he took this step, he would definitely fall into the abyss. However, he confidently took this step.
The moment the Tianfeng War Emperor took this step, a strange scene occurred.
He didn't directly fall. Instead, he stood on the vertical path.
From Luo Zheng's perspective, the Tianfeng War Emperor seemed to have grown suction cups on his feet. He stood horizontally below him and his feet were sucked into the path.
The other Spirit Sea Realm warriors also took the same step. All of them changed their angles and stood on the vertical path that led downwards …
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng also took a step forward. When Luo Zheng walked toward the abyss, he suddenly felt a drastic change in the surrounding gravity. Like the others, he didn't fall into the abyss. Instead, he naturally stood on the vertical path.
From Luo Zheng's perspective, it was as if he was standing on a huge circular hole. In this circular hole, besides the path under his feet, there was golden seawater above his head, to his left, and to his right.
"The Dragon Bloodline Clan is good. They actually changed the gravity of this world and built their core Sacred Land in this place!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh. No wonder the seawater flowed downward. After the gravity here was changed, the direction of the seawater flow naturally changed.
Hearing Luo Zheng's sigh, Zhou Huang smiled and said, "There are many magical places in the Heavenly Chen Mystery Territory. However, there are also some dangerous places. It's better to be careful, especially after we reach the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land. Listen to the command and don't act rashly."
Luo Zheng nodded and looked into the distance. The path under their feet extended once again. There was a huge city standing in front of them.
That was the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land …
The eighth-rank Sacred Land of the Dragon Bloodline Clan was called the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land. However, after the Dragon Bloodline Clan was destroyed, the Sacred Land naturally became a Secret Territory for them to explore.
There was no danger at the moment. The Divine Sea Realm experts, as well as Luo Zheng, and the others, followed the path under their feet and rushed toward the Heavenly Chen Sacred Land!
The path was only about 50 to 60 miles long. Under this speed, they arrived in front of the Sacred Land in less than half an hour. At the end of the path was an arched gate. The entire arch of the gate was also formed by a dragon sculpture.
After passing through this arched gate, they would enter the Heavenly Chen Mystery Territory. However, the dragon sculpture on the arched gate was glaring at them with red eyes. It seemed that this gate wasn't easy to cross.
＝＝＝＝＝