Luo Zheng stared at the arched door of the Heavenly Star Secret Territory without saying a word.
Without a doubt, the arched door was hiding something. It wouldn't be easy to pass through. However, it wasn't the first time that the four Divine Emperors had entered and exited the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. They must have a way to deal with it.
Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Monarch walked out at this moment. They didn't rush through the arched door. Instead, they walked to the two sides of the arched door.
The two of them took out two red dragon-shaped keys from their respective Sumeru Rings at the same time and inserted them into the small holes on both sides of the arched door. The two of them looked at each other and nodded slightly. Then, at the same time, they turned the dragon-shaped keys.
"Kacha!"
Everyone heard the sound of a mechanism being opened. Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Monarch stepped back at the same time. Then, the huge arched door slowly rotated!
After the dragon-shaped arched door rotated three times, the red light in the eyes of the dragon statue at the top of the arched door quietly extinguished. Then, a ray of green light rose from the dragon's eyes and a portal appeared in the middle of the arched door.
Seeing the portal suddenly appear, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. His eyes revealed a strange expression.
The Heavenly Star Secret Territory was behind the portal. Why did they have to go through the portal? Wasn't it superfluous?
Zhou Huang noticed Luo Zheng's strange expression and explained, "The Heavenly Star Holy Land you see is only an illusion. It is filled with murderous intent. If you enter it, you will die! Back then, many people from the four Divine Kingdoms entered it and lost a lot of people. "
"Illusion …"
Luo Zheng stared at the lifelike city in front of him. Luo Zheng suddenly realized that the Heavenly Star Holy Land had created such a huge illusion in order to confuse the intruders. If one entered the illusion without knowing anything, they would only have a slim chance of survival.
"Only through this portal can we enter the real Heavenly Star Secret Territory. The portal is already open. Let's go in." After Zhou Huang finished speaking, the Divine Sea Realm experts entered the portal one by one.
Luo Zheng nodded and followed the others into the portal.
After a short space transmission, a blue city appeared in Luo Zheng's vision.
The entire city seemed to have been carved out of crystal. The edges of the large and small buildings were emitting streaks of blue crystal light. The entire city was like an illusion in someone's dream, giving people an extremely unreal feeling.
"So beautiful!" Huo Yuner couldn't help but exclaim when she saw the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
Beside him, King Yan nodded and said, "It is indeed beautiful. Compared to the illusory realm I saw earlier, I believe that this is an illusory realm!"
After stopping at the entrance of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land for a short while, the group proceeded along the main road of the city.
In the past, the seven Divine Kingdoms and the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land were born at almost the same time. At the very beginning, the humans of the Dragon Bloodline didn't interfere with each other's business.
In the beginning, the two races did not know of each other's existence.
However, as the number of powerhouses between the Divine Kingdoms and the Holy Lands increased, the Dragon Bloodline Clan's martial artists began to expand beyond the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. As for the seven Divine Kingdoms' martial artists, they began to explore the Sky Feather Sacred Sea.
It was at this time that the two races began to come into contact.
When the human race and the Dragon Bloodline Clan first came into contact, they were able to maintain a friendly relationship. However, this friendship only lasted for less than ten years.
The barriers between the two races caused the Dragon Bloodline Clan and the human race to quickly turn hostile. What followed was a war that lasted for tens of thousands of years.
During this war, the strength of the seven Divine Kingdoms and the Dragon Bloodline Clan rose rapidly.
Even though the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land fought against the seven Divine Kingdoms alone, they did not fall into a disadvantageous position. On the contrary, the seven Divine Kingdoms had always been suppressed by the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
The most important reason for this was that the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land had the Rising Dragon Platform! Almost every Dragon Bloodline Clan in the lower realm had their own Rising Dragon Platform!
One had to know that only Divine Sea Realm powerhouses could enter the Ascension Passage and ascend to the upper realm. However, with the Rising Dragon Platform, living beings could break free from this restriction and send their younger generation martial artists to the upper realm to train!
When Luo Zheng had gone through the Rising Dragon Platform and returned to the lower realm, he had crushed all the geniuses in the Central Domain. The Rising Dragon Platform had been of great help to Luo Zheng.
Because of this, the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land developed much faster than the seven Divine Kingdoms. By the time the seven Divine Kingdoms had become quasi-seventh-grade forces, the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land had already become an eighth-grade Holy Land.
Seeing the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land develop faster and faster, it was only a matter of time before it annexed the entire Divine Kingdom Continent. However, the human race of the upper realm had opened a reverse spirit channel through the Secret Sect. Afterwards, the human race of the upper realm had continuously sent aid to the seven Divine Kingdoms.
After opening the reverse spirit channel, the seven Divine Kingdoms finally had the conditions to fight against the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. Thus, this magnificent war finally began!
In the history of the seven Divine Kingdoms, this war was known as the "Dragon Slaying War". The entire war lasted for over a hundred years. In the end, three of the seven Divine Kingdoms were destroyed and the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land sacrificed the lives of all the living beings in the Holy Land to seal the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
There were countless treasures buried in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. In order to obtain these treasures, the four Divine Kingdoms had investigated for countless years and countless people had died in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
After countless attempts, they had opened the three great secret realms and obtained the method to enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
After absorbing the inheritance of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, the four Divine Kingdoms had rapidly developed. However, because of the "Dragon Slaying War", the ascension channel was destroyed. No one in the Great Thousand World could ascend and many Divine Sea Realm experts were trapped in the lower realm.
Therefore, whenever the Divine Sea Realm experts mentioned this matter, they would angrily complain. They would rather not have the Dragon Slaying War and would rather not have the inheritance of the Dragon Bloodline. They only wished that the ascension channel was not destroyed.
After all, so what if they obtained many benefits in the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm? In the end, they could only stay in the Divine Sea Realm. When their lifespan ran out, they could only turn into a pile of dirt. There was no chance for them to ascend!
This was the past of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land …
Now, the entire Heavenly Stellar Holy Land seemed to have been frozen in time. The windows of the buildings were not closed and the doors were wide open. Some flying chariots were scattered on the roofs.
Back then, the Dragon Bloodline Clan held the mentality that they would rather die than live in dishonor. When they sacrificed billions of lives, most of the clansmen were unaware of it. After the blood sacrifice began, it only took a breath's time for all the clansmen to turn into a cloud of blood mist. Not even their bones were left. Slowly, the golden power of the blood sacrifice slowly settled and spread throughout the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea.
Then, countless years of dust covered the land. The four Divine Kingdoms gradually explored the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm from the outside to the inside.
"Pata, pata, pata …"
Although there were close to eighty to ninety cultivators from the four Divine Kingdoms, walking in the empty Heavenly Stellar Holy Land was still very spacious. The echoes of their footsteps made the juniors especially vigilant.
Seeing the nervous expressions of Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the others, the Tianfeng War Emperor chuckled and said, "Child, don't be afraid. The trouble of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land is not here. The entire Heavenly Stellar Holy Land is just an empty city. We have been in and out so many times and have not encountered any living creatures."
Indeed, because of the power of the blood sacrifice, there were no living creatures in the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. Whether it was the sea or the three secret realms, Luo Zheng had only found this body when he entered. In other words, Feng Nianyun could be considered a living creature.
However, because of the Soul Seal, Feng Nianyun's soul was separated from her body. To a certain extent, she was equivalent to a living corpse.
"En!" Huo Yuner nodded with a smile. This empty Heavenly Stellar Holy Land did give her an inexplicable pressure. She could not help but feel nervous. However, just as she nodded, she suddenly heard a faint sound. It was like a beast chewing on a bone.
"Kakakaka …"