Huo Yuner revealed a puzzled expression.
She believed her father's words. The entire Tianchen Holy Land should be an empty city. There shouldn't be anything else here.
However, she didn't know why, but after she entered the Tianchen Holy Land, her blood flowed faster. It was as if there was an invisible force that gave her a great pressure.
"What's wrong, Yuner?" The Tianfeng War Monarch asked with concern. Huo Yuner didn't look relieved at all. Instead, she looked even more nervous.
Huo Yuner's brown eyes trembled. Then, she said, "I think I heard something …"
"Hehe, sister, don't be too nervous!" Huo Chen comforted her.
Huo Yuner pursed her lips. Even though she was afraid, her father was standing beside her. There were so many Divine Sea Realm elders around. It shouldn't be too dangerous.
Therefore, she nodded and continued to follow behind. However, the nervous look on her face didn't ease by much.
Luo Zheng walked beside Huo Yuner. He looked at Huo Yuner's expression and frowned. Some people in this world had special senses. Huo Yuner had the blood of a descendant of the Phoenix Race. She might be able to feel something.
After walking for about seven or eight feet, Huo Yuner's body suddenly froze again!
"Ka ka cha cha …"
The sound of bones being gnawed was heard again!
This time, Huo Yuner suddenly turned her head and controlled her corpse to take a step forward. She looked over from the side of the street. Then, as if she was immobilized, she stood there motionless.
"Yuner!" Seeing Huo Yuner's reaction, the Tianfeng War Emperor furrowed his brows. His daughter had always been well-behaved. Although she was a little naive, as a martial artist, she wasn't a coward. If she was really a coward, she wouldn't have stood out to challenge Luo Zheng, who had defeated Hou Yuntao.
Many Divine Sea Realm experts looked at Huo Yuner with suspicion. No one knew what the Tianfeng War Monarch's daughter wanted to do.
"Ka ka cha cha …"
At this moment, a clear sound was heard.
Everyone could hear the sound of some kind of wild beast gnawing on bones in this spacious Holy Land.
If they were in a forest, this kind of situation would be very common. However, this was the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. There were no living creatures in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. This was the consensus of almost everyone. Although some people guessed that there might be some living creatures hidden in the Heavenly Stellar Secret Territory, these guesses were not the mainstream!
After all, the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean was surrounded by the power of blood sacrifice. What kind of living beings could survive in such a place?
"There …" Huo Yuner's eyes flashed with a strange light, and then she said, "I can feel it! I can feel its presence … "
Now that everyone had heard the sound, no one questioned Huo Yuner anymore. Thus, someone asked, "What is it?"
Who would have thought that Huo Yuner would suddenly tremble. The blood in her dark red lips suddenly receded, and her lips became deathly pale. "It is my nemesis, my nemesis!"
Hearing this, many Divine Sea Realm warriors felt their eyelids twitching.
Nemesis?
What nemesis did the human race have?
In the Upper Realm, the human race had many enemies. However, no race could stop the expansion of the human race. Although there were millions of races in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds, each race had their own characteristics. There was no lack of races that were naturally powerful, such as the Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race.
However, the human race was expanding the fastest. So far, they had occupied nearly ten thousand great worlds. They were almost invincible!
Then what was the nemesis that Huo Yuner spoke of?
While everyone was puzzled, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. At this moment, Feng Nianyun's divine sense came from his inner world. "This woman has the bloodline of the True Phoenix Clan, right?"
"Yes. What do you know?" Luo Zheng asked. With Feng Nianyun's insight, it was normal for her to see that Huo Yuner was a descendant of the Phoenix Clan.
Feng Nianyun replied indifferently, "Since ancient times, dragons and phoenixes have fought. As the two supreme divine beasts of the universe, the True Dragon and True Phoenix have fought for countless eons. If she felt a nemesis, it should be the existence of a True Dragon."
"A True Dragon!"
Luo Zheng frowned. Although the souls of the Nine True Dragons existed in Luo Zheng's mind, he had never seen a true True Dragon.
However, why would a True Dragon appear in such a small Great Thousand World? If it was an adult True Dragon, its body would be thousands of miles long. How could such a True Dragon exist in this Heavenly Star Secret Realm?
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "Maybe the Ancestral Dragon egg hatched. However, this Ancestral Dragon … shouldn't be." Feng Nianyun was also puzzled. After all, she was only speculating. Moreover, some of her speculations seemed contradictory.
While everyone was puzzled, the Tianfeng War Emperor asked, "Yuner, your nemesis? What nemesis do you have? "
Huo Yuner shook her head. Her body continued to tremble as if she was in a world of ice and snow. "I, I'm not sure. I only have a vague feeling that it's very scary!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng walked in front of Huo Yuner. He stared at Huo Yuner with his golden eyes and asked, "Is it a dragon?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Huo Yuner's eyes flashed with fear. Originally, she had a vague feeling of this fear. However, Luo Zheng's words were like a candle in the darkness. Instantly, her perception became clear. "Yes, it's a dragon. That dragon is extraordinary!"
"Ancestral Dragon!"
"Could it be that the Ancestral Dragon egg has hatched?"
"This is troublesome. Didn't they say that the Ancestral Dragon egg can't be hatched? Let's go back. The appearance of the Ancestral Dragon … I'm afraid this Great Thousand World will collapse! "
As soon as Huo Yuner finished speaking, those Divine Sea Realm powerhouses followed her train of thought and naturally guessed that it was the Ancestral Dragon egg!
Their goal was indeed the Ancestral Dragon egg. The problem was that they just wanted to take away the egg, not a living dragon. It was said that the Ancestral Dragon was related to the entire True Dragon Clan. Even if it had just hatched, its strength wouldn't be weak. How could these Divine Sea Realm powerhouses touch it?
Just as these Divine Sea Realm powerhouses were about to retreat, that sound suddenly rang out again.
"Kacha, kacha, kacha, kacha …"
The voice was extremely clear, and it came from the side of the street. Not long after, everyone saw a black thing appear at the corner of the street. Everyone looked over and saw a small black dragon-shaped monster biting a piece of snow-white bone in its mouth, constantly gnawing on it.
This black dragon-shaped monster wasn't big. It had a dragon's head and a short body. Just by looking at its head, it looked like a small dragon. However, there was a pair of snow-white slender fangs on both sides of its mouth!
"Dragon?"
"Is this a dragon? How can a dragon look like this?"
"Even if it's a dragon, there's nothing to be afraid of …"
Everyone was also frightened by the sound, but when they saw the small dragon-shaped monster, their faces immediately showed signs of relief.
Although they were in possession of the corpse, their perception came from their souls. After a casual glance, they knew that this little thing wasn't very powerful.
"Hehe, Yuner, are you afraid of this little thing? I'll go and catch it for you! " A Divine Sea Realm powerhouse of the Tianfeng Kingdom suddenly rushed out and controlled the corpse to dash toward the small dragon-shaped monster at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng shouted, "Don't go there!"
However, that Divine Sea Realm powerhouse was also very fast. He approached the dragon-shaped monster in an instant and reached out his hands, ready to catch it!
Right at this moment, the dragon-shaped monster suddenly raised its head and opened its huge mouth that was completely disproportionate to its body. Then, it roared at that Divine Sea Realm powerhouse. "Roar!"
A sound wave that was visible to the naked eye spread out. The sound of this dragon roar was completely out of proportion to that small dragon-shaped monster. Under the vibration of that sound wave, everyone covered their ears. At the same time, they saw that the upper half of that Divine Sea Realm warrior's body collapsed and turned into powder.