Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
The blue crystal-like building disintegrated into dust and drifted away.
Everyone was dumbfounded. No one expected this dragon-shaped monster to be so harmless. It could barely be counted as a Level 2 or Level 3 beast.
However, this roar was able to turn a Divine Sea Realm cultivator's corpse into dust?
What on earth was this thing?
The Divine Sea Realm cultivator's soul was hidden in the corpse's mind. His entire upper body was shattered by this dragon's roar. His soul was probably destroyed as well.
"Catch that thing! I want to avenge Wu Xian! "A Divine Sea Realm cultivator was enraged. He dashed towards the dragon-shaped monster directly!
"Watch out! This little thing is strange! "
"Don't get hit by its roar!"
Although the effect of this dragon-shaped monster's roar was amazing and could kill a Divine Sea Realm cultivator as soon as it appeared, most of the warriors present were Divine Sea Realm cultivators. In their eyes, the dragon-shaped monster's roar was indeed powerful, but it wasn't particularly scary. Therefore, no one ran away.
However, as soon as the Divine Sea Realm warrior reached the front of the dragon-shaped monster, he took a slight step and turned around to rush back!
"Run! Run! "The Divine Sea Realm cultivator shouted at the crowd.
Everyone was confused at first, but then, they saw hundreds of dragon-shaped monsters suddenly appear in the alley on the side of the street.
One small thing wasn't hard to deal with. Although it was deadly, it wasn't hard to subdue. The problem was that hundreds of dragon-shaped monsters appeared at the same time. That was a problem …
The astonishment on everyone's faces instantly turned into fear. Following which, the Tianfeng War Emperor ordered, "Everyone, run!"
However, before he could finish his sentence, he realized that everyone around him had already fled. Even Luo Zheng had suddenly rushed forward!
Just as everyone rushed out along the main road, they heard the roars of dragons!
Dozens of sound waves roared out from the side of the alley, directly shattering ten crystalline buildings on the side into pieces. The power of this dragon-shaped monster's roar was simply too great.
Soon, these dragon-shaped monsters caught up to the main road. Each of the dragon-shaped monsters took a deep breath, as if they wanted to release that deadly sound wave again.
"Split up! Not here! Everyone, run to both sides and gather at the Linglong Lake! " At the Tianfeng War Emperor's command, all the Divine Sea Realm warriors split up and went into the streets on both sides of the street.
"Roar …"
Just as they entered the street, dozens of sound waves blasted at them. These sound waves came from different directions. The sound waves that were released into the sky did not have any effect. Some sound waves that were released at a lower angle directly plowed a gully in the main road!
As for the surrounding exquisite buildings, they were all destroyed by the sound waves!
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng frowned. He jumped up and stood on the roof of a building. He stared at the little beast, which was jumping around excitedly.
"Feng Nianyun, what are these things?" Luo Zheng asked.
The trip to the Tian Chen Secret Land this time seemed to be very unusual. Since Luo Zheng had started in the Feather Emperor Secret Land, the difficulty of the Slow Arrow Zone had been much higher than usual. Now, these strange things had appeared out of nowhere. He was also very confused.
Luo Zheng was not very clear about Feng Nianyun's identity. However, he was sure that she was from the Dragon Bloodline Clan. She should know about these things.
Feng Nianyun, who was floating in his body, shook her head. "These little monsters seem to have the bloodline of the True Dragon Clan. However, their bloodline is not pure. I can't tell what they are!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng, who was standing on the roof, attracted the attention of a dragon-shaped monster. That dragon-shaped monster flapped its wings, which were not very wide. It flapped along the roof and jumped toward Luo Zheng with amazing jumping ability. At the same time, it opened its mouth!
"Roar!"
An invisible sound wave attacked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's golden eyes flashed slightly. His figure swayed slightly and avoided the sound wave. He appeared behind the dragon-shaped monster. Then, with a fierce elbow strike, he directly hit the dragon-shaped monster's abdomen.
"Whoosh …"
The dragon-shaped monster's body was directly sent flying upward by Luo Zheng!
The physical strength of the Ultimate Divine Realm was very terrifying. It was probably comparable to the strength of Luo Zheng's 4000 dragon scales. With this blow, it flew thousands of feet into the sky before slowly falling down.
"Pa!"
The dragon-shaped monster slammed heavily on the ground.
Luo Zheng frowned and stared at the little thing. Logically speaking, his elbow strike should have directly shattered this thing. However, not only did it not shatter, after falling to the ground, it actually flipped over and climbed up from the ground as if it was not injured at all!
"How is this possible?"
Even if Luo Zheng's body was a Saint Artifact, after being hit by Feng Nianyun's physical body, although it would not kill him, he would not be able to get up for a while!
As for those Divine Ocean Realm experts, after being hit by this blow, they would probably have already died. The higher the level of cultivation, the greater the gap between the Ultimate Divine Realm and the Divine Ocean Realm was.
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng saw another seven or eight dragon-shaped monsters coming directly at him. His figure suddenly floated and flew forward.
Compared to the others, Luo Zheng was much more relaxed. After all, he was occupying a physical body, and it was a Ultimate Divine Realm body. The others were only occupying corpses that had been dead for many years. Since they could not fly, they could only rely on their corpses to run wildly on the ground.
"Roar …"
"Roar …"
"Roar …"
In the midst of these roars, the surrounding houses were constantly collapsing and collapsing!
Moreover, from time to time, they could hear miserable screams. Probably, many people had died in the roars of these dragon-shaped monsters.
"Help!"
Just as Luo Zheng was flying, he heard Huo Chen's voice.
He was being cornered by two dragon-shaped monsters. There was no way for him to escape!
"Scram, you lowlife!"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, the Tianfeng War Emperor let out a roar as two golden axes flew out from his hands.
He was occupying the body of Feng Zhan. The corpse's strength was already extremely terrifying. Under the Tianfeng War Emperor's rage, the golden axes that he threw out contained the power to split mountains!
"Bang! Bang!"
The axes were extremely fast. The two dragon-shaped monsters did not have any space to dodge and were directly hit by the axes. The enormous force sent the two dragon-shaped monsters crashing into a nearby building.
"Boom!"
Under the impact of the two axes, the building collapsed with a loud bang!
"Let's go!" The Tianfeng War Emperor carried Huo Chen and madly ran away. However, shortly after, the two small monsters that were hit by the axes crawled out from the collapsed building.
Frankly speaking, the dragon-shaped monsters did not have any advantage in terms of speed or strength. However, their physical bodies were terrifyingly tough!
Even a young True Dragon would not have such a strong physical body. The group was completely helpless against the dragon-shaped monsters. They could only run away.
Dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts flew through the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, avoiding the dragon-shaped monsters' pursuit. Fortunately, the speed of these small monsters was not fast. Under the group's mad dash, they gradually escaped from the pursuit of these small monsters.
Soon, the group had crossed half of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. Finally, they arrived at the center of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, where they slowly gathered at the Exquisite Lake.
Everyone's faces were filled with anxiety. After entering the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land so many times, especially the Tianfeng War Emperor, they knew very well where the danger was and where the safety was.
In the main city of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, not only were there no living creatures, but even the most troublesome puppets did not exist. However, these dragon-shaped monsters had mysteriously appeared this time. This was definitely not a good sign.
Huo Yuner stood by the Exquisite Lake, her face still pale. Seeing his daughter's expression, the Tianfeng War Emperor could not bear to see her like this. He could only comfort her, "Yuner, although these small monsters are powerful, they are not that scary!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng also appeared. In his hand was a dragon-shaped monster. He had just circled around the area and caught a dragon-shaped monster in his hand!
Everyone looked at the dragon-shaped monster with vigilance. However, Luo Zheng had already sealed the dragon-shaped monster's mouth, so it was not much of a threat.
"Look, even Tianxing caught one with his bare hands. There is nothing to be afraid of!" The Tianfeng War Emperor said with a smile.
Huo Yuner looked at Luo Zheng in a daze and said, "It's not that. The thing I am afraid of is not that!"
(Thank you for the tip for guarding an empty city alone ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝