After entering the Heavenly Chen Holy Land, Huo Yuner had been acting strangely.
These strange dragon-shaped monsters were troublesome to deal with, but for many Divine Sea Realm cultivators, they weren't particularly deadly. After all, they were just young beasts. As long as they didn't get surrounded, they weren't that scary.
Luo Zheng glanced at Huo Yuner, grabbed the dragon-shaped monster, and said, "I guess Huo Yuner isn't afraid of this thing. This dragon-shaped monster is just a young beast."
A Divine Sea Realm cultivator nodded with a solemn expression, "Yes, I think so too!"
This thing was like a dragon but not a dragon. It was just a young beast and it was already so scary. What would happen when it grew up?
The most important thing was that even if this dragon-shaped monster was a young beast, there must be a mother beast that gave birth to it. Was this mother beast in the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm?
This wasn't difficult to deduce. Most Divine Sea Realm cultivators could deduce this.
The most important thing was, what was the mother beast that gave birth to these dragon-shaped monsters? What kind of strength did it have? Could they fight against it?
The kings frowned. The king of Sky Fortune Kingdom said, "How about this year's exploration of the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm stop here? There will be plenty of opportunities in the future."
In fact, what the king of Sky Fortune Kingdom wanted to say was that because of Luo Zheng, the ascension channel had been opened. Everyone would be able to ascend sooner or later. There was no need to risk their lives in the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm.
The four kings and the Divine Sea Realm cultivators of their Divine Kingdoms were working so hard. Wasn't their goal to get benefits from the reverse spirit channel?
If they could ascend to the higher realms, they could rely on themselves to obtain many times more resources. Why would they fight with this Ancestral Dragon egg?
"But if the governor asks, how will we answer?" A Divine Sea Realm cultivator asked with a serious expression.
"Hmph, why doesn't the governor enter the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm himself? His strength is above ours. He's just bullying us because we can't ascend. He's using some trash from the higher realms to fool us into working for him! "Another Divine Sea Realm cultivator said angrily.
Although the four Divine Kingdoms listened to the secret sect, they didn't have an attitude of submission. Everyone had to plan for their own future.
Everyone had reached the Spirit Sea Realm. Once Luo Zheng's news was reported and the ascension tunnel was repaired, all they had to do was wait for the day to come!
As for the Ancestral Dragon egg? That was indeed a good thing, but what did it have to do with them?
Seeing that everyone had the same attitude, the Tianfeng War Emperor was moved. After pondering for a moment, he said, "Alright, if that's the case, when the Governor asks, we'll all say that we failed. Something has happened in the Heavenly Holy Land. For safety reasons, we should return!"
As soon as the Tianfeng War Emperor finished speaking, the other Divine Sea Realm experts agreed with him. No one's life was easy to get. Maybe they could get some opportunities and benefits in the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, but it was not as important as their own lives.
However, just as everyone was about to retreat, they suddenly felt the ground tremble.
"Boom!"
That tremor seemed to come from underground, as if a giant beast was knocking on the ground.
"What's that sound?" Battle Emperor Da Yu's face darkened. He had always been a cautious person. Now, his expression did not look too good.
"Rumble …"
The ground began to tremble as if a great earthquake had occurred. All the buildings in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land began to shake and collapse!
"Let's go! No matter what it is, it can't be anything good. It has nothing to do with us! "Zhou Huang shouted and took the lead to run back.
Everyone felt a tinge of regret. When they entered the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, they should have retreated when they encountered the puppet archer.
Most importantly, they had been in the Heavenly Star Secret Territory for so many years. Although they did not get the Ancestral Dragon egg, they knew the dangers of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land like the back of their hands. For more than a decade, no one had died in the Heavenly Star Secret Territory. It was because of this that they were numb. If they retreated now, they would be in big trouble.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Many Divine Sea Realm experts turned into streaks of light and ran back the way they came. As for the small dragon-shaped monsters on the way here, they did not care about them anymore.
Luo Zheng followed closely behind them. He had the same goal as these Divine Sea Realm experts. They were all here for the Ancestral Dragon egg. However, there was a fundamental difference. Luo Zheng obtained the Ancestral Dragon egg because of Qinglong. However, these Divine Sea Realm experts suddenly retreated. This was going to be troublesome!
However, at this moment, a black blade light suddenly appeared from a building in front of them!
"Whoosh!"
That black blade light spread out at an extremely fast speed.
"Pfft!"
The corpse of a Divine Sea Realm expert at the front was instantly cut in half. Then, the Divine Sea Realm expert's soul left his mind and floated to the side.
Seeing this, some of the Spirit Sea Realm warriors behind him jumped up and some fell to the ground to avoid being killed by the saber light. But none of them looked good.
"Who is it!"
Tianfeng War Emperor felt the presence of Genuine Origin Energy in this blade light. Clearly, it was not a Ferocious Beast or a puppet.
On the right side of the crowd was an exquisite tower. The foundation of this tower seemed to be very solid. Even in the earthquake, it did not collapse.
"Crack!"
The door to the second floor of the tower suddenly opened, and a young man in black clothes walked out. The young man had long hair and a thick stubble on his chin. He had a lazy look on his face, and he held a pure black broadsword in his hand.
"Ha, strange. Why are there a bunch of corpses running around here?" The young man in black sniffed. "They don't seem to be zombies. They seem to have abandoned their bodies and occupied the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline. Strange, strange, very strange … Senior Sister, what is going on?"
As soon as the young man in black finished speaking, another person stood out from the ruins. It was a woman with silver hair. Her silver hair aside, she was a peerless beauty just in terms of appearance! However, in the woman's right eye, a pale pink flower grew out. The roots of the flower pierced deep into her eye socket. It looked extremely terrifying!
"Hmph, isn't this simple? These guys can't even resist the power of the blood sacrifice. They actually came up with such a method. They used the Soul Core to control the corpses of the Dragon Bloodline Clan and sneaked into the Heavenly Star Secret Realm. They should be natives of this great world!" The silver-haired woman replied indifferently.
As soon as she finished speaking, a tall and sturdy man walked out from the front of the street, carrying a fiery red giant scythe on his shoulder.
The tall and sturdy man walked towards Tianfeng War Emperor and the others. He said indifferently, "It seems that our luck is not bad. There is no bait to lure that thing out. Although these guys are corpses, their souls are still alive. They are the best bait!"
The words of these three people were as if they did not put the Divine Sea Realm in their eyes. Whether it was the Sky Fortune King, Tianfeng War Emperor, or Zhou Huang, their expressions were extremely ugly!
"Friend, what do you mean?" Tianfeng War Emperor asked coldly.
The silver-haired woman smiled faintly and said, "Who is your friend? Isn't it obvious? We are capturing the Evil Dragon. We want to borrow your corpses and … your souls! "
"What arrogance! Do you think you can keep so many of us here? "War Emperor Da Yu said coldly.
Although these Divine Sea Realm cultivators could not display their full strength because of the corpses, they were still a group of Divine Sea Realm cultivators. They were not easy to bully.
"Hehehe … Arrogant? No one has ever said that before! "The silver-haired woman's laughter rang out.
The tall and sturdy man carried the giant scythe and walked towards the other side. He did not seem to care about Luo Zheng and the others. He said indifferently, "Pei 'er, capture them. Boss can't wait any longer!"