The Divine Sea Realm cultivators were the top existences in the Great Thousand World. When had they ever been looked down upon like this?
Even though the strength of these three people was unfathomable, the Divine Sea Realm cultivators were filled with anger!
However, the other party had no interest in tangling with them!
The flower in the silver-haired woman's eyes spun gently. She said indifferently, "Using the Soul Core to drive the corpses, we only need to disturb the power of the Soul Core to imprison these guys inside. This must be the boss's luck. God has arranged for these baits to appear in front of us. Haha, the boss's luck is really invincible!"
As soon as her bell-like laughter faded away, wisps of pink mist drifted out from the flower.
"Xiang Hui, Spiritual Confinement …"
"Huff, huff, huff …"
A faint fragrance quickly spread out, imprisoning the Divine Sea Realm cultivators inside.
At this moment, they suddenly realized that the corpses they controlled couldn't move!
"The Soul Core, the Soul Core has lost its effect! How is this possible! "
"It must have been disrupted by that bitch!"
"I can't get out of this corpse's mind!"
The Divine Sea Realm cultivators used the power of the Soul Core to drive the corpses, but the silver-haired woman seemed to be able to easily disturb the power of the Soul Core!
It meant that she had easily cut off the connection between the Divine Sea Realm cultivators' souls and their corpses!
This wasn't the most terrifying thing. They could just give up on the corpses and leave. However, when some Divine Sea Realm cultivators tried, they found that their souls were firmly imprisoned in the minds of the corpses. They couldn't escape at all.
The silver-haired woman seemed to have sensed the actions of the Divine Sea Realm cultivators and said indifferently, "Don't try. A bunch of Battle Soul Realm cultivators can't break out of the confinement."
At this moment, even Luo Zheng couldn't move!
Even though he was occupying Feng Nianyun's physical body and not her corpse, he was still using his soul core to control this physical body. Due to the Great Soul-Sealing Technique, Feng Nianyun's physical body couldn't be controlled by force. After all, even Feng Nianyun's spirit couldn't control her physical body. Using her soul core was only a temporary replacement.
"Now, turn around." The silver-haired woman smiled faintly and walked past them. All the corpses turned around at the same time. Everyone was completely under the control of the silver-haired woman.
"Eh? Why is there still a living body? " At this moment, the silver-haired woman noticed Luo Zheng in the crowd. Then, she walked towards Luo Zheng. "And this body is actually at the Ultimate God Stage … It's actually controlled by a soul core. How strange."
The silver-haired woman sized up Luo Zheng. Indeed, she couldn't figure it out. She naturally couldn't have guessed that Feng Nianyun's free soul had been sealed by the Soul Sealing Art before being possessed by Luo Zheng.
"However, this body is really beautiful!" The silver-haired woman's eyes flashed with a strange luster. She leaned her face closer and kissed Luo Zheng's cheek. She smiled and said, "If I don't need this body later, I will keep you."
Luo Zheng didn't feel anything after being kissed by a woman. However, Feng Nianyun, who was in his internal world, had goosebumps. "Disgusting. Luo Zheng, I'm going to kill her!" Feng Nianyun roared in his internal world. At this moment, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled in his internal world. Feng Nianyun's soul was fluctuating violently. She seemed to be disgusted by the silver-haired woman's actions.
Luo Zheng said helplessly, "I can't even move now. I can't even protect myself. How can I kill her?"
No one would have thought that so many living beings would suddenly appear in the originally empty Heavenly Star Secret Territory. At first, it was those dragon-shaped monsters. Then, it was these three strange powerhouses …
What happened in the Heavenly Star Secret Realm? Were these people also here for the Ancestral Dragon Egg?
"Who are these people? Do you know? "Luo Zheng asked.
Feng Nianyun snorted coldly. Then, she said unhappily, "These people are from the Demi-Immortal Tribe! And they are hunters from the Demi-Immortal Tribe! "
"The Demi-Immortal Tribe!" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up. This wasn't the first time Luo Zheng came into contact with the Demi-Immortal Tribe. The Tower of Sin on the Sea God Continent belonged to the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
Back then, he passed the test of the Talent Stele and was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Tribe. However, Luo Zheng still didn't know what the Demi-Immortal Tribe was and what kind of abilities they had.
"What exactly is the Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Feng Nianyun said, "You are very curious. Although I don't know what they want to feed us, it can't be anything good. You don't seem to care about this!"
"Didn't that woman say she would let you go?" Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
"I'd rather die than fall into her hands!" Feng Nianyun said angrily. Then, she continued, "The Demi-Immortal Tribe is a group of mavericks. At the same time, they are also a group of idiots!"
"Idiot?" Luo Zheng's face showed a puzzled expression. "Where did this come from?"
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "The Demi-Immortal Tribe is also known as the Resetters. Strictly speaking, the Demi-Immortal Tribe isn't a tribe. Instead, they are a group formed by the super geniuses of various tribes. The outside world calls the Demi-Immortal Tribe the Resetters because they have always been planning to return the universe to zero!"
Luo Zheng's face was full of curiosity. "What do you mean by 'return to zero'?"
"To destroy the Heavenly Dao and stop the cycle of reincarnation!" Feng Nianyun quickly answered.
The Heavenly Dao was in a constant cycle of reincarnation. One cycle of reincarnation was 3.6 billion years. In other words, it was an epoch.
In the universe, there were many powerful beings who wanted to destroy the Heavenly Dao. At the end of each epoch, a great era would open and the Heavenly Dao would compete with it!
If the Heavenly Dao was destroyed, the epoch would come to an end. Then, a new cycle of the Heavenly Dao would be formed. The lower, middle, and upper laws of the universe would be reconstructed!
All of the civilizations in the universe were in a constant cycle of reincarnation. They were constantly starting anew and giving birth to new civilizations.
However, the Demi-Immortal Tribe was very unique. Their goal wasn't just to destroy the Heavenly Dao. They also wanted to stop the cycle of reincarnation and end it.
"If they end the cycle of reincarnation and don't give birth to a new Heavenly Dao, then …" Luo Zheng was even more curious.
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly and said, "Then the entire universe will become a land of death. No living beings will be born, no living beings will die, and no conflict will occur. Everything will return to zero."
Luo Zheng was speechless. "What's the point of doing that?"
"They think it's meaningful, so they're a bunch of idiots. They're very powerful idiots," Feng Nianyun said in a resigned manner. "That woman affected the power of the soul core, but I can undo it. I'll find an opportunity later. You just have to escape."
"But they …" The most powerful beings in the four divine kingdoms were all being controlled, including the four monarchs.
"Who cares if they die?" Feng Nianyun said in an annoyed tone.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Indeed, whether it was from his point of view or from Feng Nianyun's point of view, Luo Zheng didn't need to help the four divine kingdoms. However, if there was a chance to save their lives, Luo Zheng wouldn't give it up!
Under the silver-haired woman's control, the corpses turned into zombies that followed behind her slowly!
Many of the Divine Sea Realm cultivators were trapped in their minds and couldn't move. However, they could still observe their surroundings. As they continued to move forward, many dragon-shaped monsters rushed out.
The silver-haired woman didn't seem to care about them. She just kept moving forward. Just as the dragon-shaped monsters were about to pounce on her, the flowers in her eyes spun gently and a faint fragrance wafted out. Then, the dragon-shaped monsters became intoxicated and lay on the ground, motionless.
Just like that, she slowly moved forward. After passing by the Linglong Lake, she continued to move towards the center of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land!
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"