Luo Zheng couldn't move, but he could feel the huge commotion in front of him. He was secretly shocked.
"What are these guys doing?" Luo Zheng asked.
Feng Nianyun snorted. "Who knows? These idiots have always done strange things. Once, the Demi-Immortal Clan carried out a plan to destroy planets. They wanted to destroy all the planets in the universe. At that time, more than 20,000 planets were destroyed. In the end, they were slapped in the face by the Heavenly Dao, and many people died. Only then did they become obedient."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was completely speechless.
Thinking about what he experienced in the Tower of Sin, Luo Zheng had a bad premonition. He was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Did that mean he was also a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan?
However, it was better for him not to join such a crazy clan …
His body moved forward involuntarily. After passing through a pile of ruins, Luo Zheng saw a circular pit in front of him. Six people were standing at the edge of the pit! The burly man and the black-clothed young man were also standing at the edge of the pit!
Dragon-shaped monsters surged out from the crater!
"Roar, roar, roar, roar …"
As soon as those small dragon-shaped monsters jumped out, they attacked the people at the edge of the pit!
Waves of invisible sound waves shot toward the six people!
However, the black-clothed young man at the edge of the pit was nimbly waving the black saber in his hand.
Black light constantly bloomed from his hand. Every time a black light cut out, the dragon-shaped monsters would be cut into a bloody mist.
"This guy is really patient. He can't even force it out!" The burly man said indifferently.
The silver-haired woman controlled the corpses of many Divine Ocean Realm experts and slowly walked over. She said, "If that's the case, let's try another method. Let's see if we can lure that thing out. Boss, you're really good at predicting things. The Heavenly Star Secret Territory should have been empty. We went out and wandered around, and we found some bait. I brought all the bait!"
With the addition of the silver-haired woman, the Demi-Immortal Clan had sent out seven people to try and capture whatever was inside the crater.
The person whom the silver-haired woman called "Boss" was wearing a blood-red cloak and a silver mask. Hearing this, the person wearing the silver mask nodded and said, "Then let's try it! Ha Peng, it's your turn! "
"Okay, Boss!" Among the seven, one of them was wearing a tattered straw hat. With a simple and honest smile, he took out a golden fishing rod!
He waved the fishing rod in his hand, and a green line swung towards the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms. Then, one of the Divine Sea Realm warriors was "hooked"!
The soul cores that the four Divine Kingdoms used to control the corpses had been sealed by the silver-haired woman, so all of the corpses and even the souls in their minds were like pieces of wood. They couldn't move at all, and they couldn't resist being hung up like this!
However, they were all in a state of consciousness …
A mighty warrior at the Divine Sea Realm had been fished up just like that. He had been used as bait to feed something in this pit!
This kind of fear made the souls of many Divine Sea Realm warriors tremble.
The silver-haired woman felt the fear in the souls of these Divine Sea Realm warriors. She said indifferently, "However, the stronger the soul waves, the more tempting it will be to that thing down there. Ha Peng, let's try it!"
Ha Peng nodded and waved the fishing rod in his hand. He slowly lowered the body that he had caught!
However, when he lowered the body halfway, dozens of dragon-shaped monsters suddenly rushed out of the crater. These dragon-shaped monsters rushed up and directly opened their mouths, releasing sound waves towards the body.
"Roar! Roar! Roar … "
Under this kind of angry roar, the body of the Divine Sea Realm warrior, along with his soul, was directly turned into powder!
The "Boss" with the silver mask said indifferently, "Hmph, this guy has a backbone. He didn't eat it. Ha Peng, put a few more in!"
Ha Peng's expression didn't change. He gently waved the fishing rod in his hand. The thin green line constantly fluttered and flew towards the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms.
All the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms had fear in their eyes. Although they couldn't move, they could still see. If they were touched by this thin fishing line, it would be the same as being sentenced to death!
It wasn't easy for them to reach the Divine Sea Realm. It wasn't easy for them to hear that the ascension passage could be repaired. Who would be willing to die here?
However, they didn't have the ability to resist. They could only watch as this fishing line dictated their life and death. If they had to blame something, they could only blame themselves for being too weak.
This time, the fishing line was gently strung and directly "hooked" six Divine Sea Realm warriors! Among them were two Divine Sea Realm masters of the Profound Jade Martial House. In the four Divine Kingdoms, they were considered to be above the masses and were known as "almighty" existences. However, in this place, they were reduced to insignificant "bait" …
"This time, I'll let the line be longer. Let it have a taste first. As the saying goes, once it has tasted the marrow, it will be hungry for more. Only when it has tasted the marrow will it take the bait. Hehe!" This time, Ha Peng didn't drag the six people up into the air. Instead, he directly released the fishing line and threw the six people into the big pit.
At the same time, the flower in the silver-haired woman's eyes turned slightly. Instantly, screams of despair came from the big pit.
"Eh? Little senior sister, why are these guys screaming? "The black-clothed young man asked curiously.
The silver-haired woman smiled faintly. "I've released a part of the confinement force. Naturally, they can scream and add some flavor to the guy down there! Hehe! "
"Little senior sister, you're too naughty …" The black-clothed young man shook his head and smiled.
Originally, being hung on the fishing line had already made these Divine Sea Realm warriors extremely fearful. Their souls were desperately struggling in their minds. When the silver-haired woman suddenly released a part of the confinement force, they naturally screamed out of instinct.
However, the screams only lasted for one or two breaths of time before they came to an abrupt end!
Then, everyone heard the sound of bones cracking coming from the big pit.
"Crack, crack …"
It was as if there was a big mouth that kept rejecting these corpses.
After waiting for a while, the silver-haired woman smiled and said, "It should be finished, right?"
"Again! This time, let's see if it takes the bait! " Ha Peng waved the fishing rod again and skewered a few more corpses. This time, the green fishing line was actually swinging towards Luo Zheng!
Seeing this thin green line, Luo Zheng and Feng Nianyun both frowned. Luo Zheng asked, "Now, do you want to resist?"
Feng Nianyun remained calm. "No hurry! Let's wait and see. The owner of this fishing rod is only at the Divine Realm. Among the seven people, I'm afraid I can't beat the guy with the silver mask! The key is, how much of my physical strength can you unleash? "
This was not Luo Zheng's physical body. The attribute of the True Origin cultivated was also very different from Luo Zheng's. If Luo Zheng were to control it, the effect would be greatly reduced. Perhaps Luo Zheng could only choose to run away, and he might not be able to escape.
There was only one chance. Luo Zheng had to be careful.
Just as the thin green line was about to wrap around Luo Zheng, the silver-haired woman stopped it and said, "Ha Peng, leave this for me!"
"Alive?" Ha Peng just realized that Feng Nianyun's physical body was not a corpse, but a living person.
"Yes." The silver-haired woman nodded.
Ha Peng smiled with a strange expression. "No wonder. I was wondering when your taste became so strange. You're interested in corpses!"
Hearing Ha Peng's words, the silver-haired woman's face darkened. "Talk more nonsense and I'll kill you!"
Ha Peng was used to it. He chuckled. The thin green line swung gently and swung towards Battle God Yu the Great!
Some of the Divine Ocean Realm experts present were killed, but there were still more than 70 people left. The probability of the kings being chosen was very high. However, Battle God Yu the Great was very unlucky. He was entangled by the thin green line and was immediately caught in the air!
At the same time, the flower in the silver-haired woman's right eye moved slightly, and another part of the seal was lifted.
As soon as the seal was lifted, Battle God Yu the Great roared, "I am the king of the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. I can give you all the power of the kingdom. Please spare my life!"
＝＝＝＝＝