When a warrior cultivated to the Divine Sea Realm, he would have one in a hundred million luck.
Even a Divine Sea Realm Almighty could only play a supporting role in the four Divine Kingdoms. The main characters of the four Divine Kingdoms were the four Monarchs!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great had such a strong luck. When he ascended to the Upper World in the future, his future would be limitless. How could he be willing to die here?
Ever since his body had been imprisoned, his thoughts had been constantly spinning. This was probably the biggest predicament he had ever faced in his life. Back then, when he had entered the sea to hunt down the cub that had swallowed the Aqua Beast, he had not felt so powerless!
In his soul form, he had almost no power to fight back in front of these guys. Battle Emperor Yu the Great racked his brains but could not think of a way out!
Therefore, Battle Emperor Yu the Great did not cry out when he was released. He wanted to seize this opportunity to tell the other party that he was the Monarch and that he was willing to pay any price in exchange for his life.
Ha Peng shook the fishing rod in his hand. This time, he did not intend to throw these corpses into the pit. Instead, he hung them above to lure the thing below.
The front end of the fishing rod was only as thick as a pinky finger. The green line was as thin as a strand of hair. However, there was no problem with it hanging six or seven corpses.
"Monarch?" Ha Peng suddenly laughed when he heard Battle Emperor Yu the Great's words. "How big is your Da Yu Divine Kingdom?"
"30 million acres! Four billion living beings! I can give up my position! I can let you be the Monarch of the Divine Kingdom and rule the world! " Battle Emperor Yu the Great, who was hanging in mid-air, could see the situation below the pit. He noticed that there was a pair of huge red eyes below the pit that were emitting a demonic glow. Battle Emperor Yu the Great realized that he did not have much time left. He seized every opportunity to speak! Or rather, to beg for mercy!
"30 million acres …" Ha Peng did not know whether to laugh or cry when he heard this. "How big is 30 million acres? It sounds quite big! "
The Great Yu Divine Nation wasn't small. Among the four Divine Nations, the Great Yu Divine Nation occupied the most land. However, Ha Peng didn't show the slightest bit of interest.
The silver-haired woman said coolly. "Thirty million acres is about one ten-millionth of the size of a Saint in the Demi-Immortal World. It's not even as big as my garden. These savages are really narrow-minded."
"Is it not enough? If it's not enough, we can give you the entire Divine Kingdom Continent. If the four Divine Kingdoms are added together … "Battle Emperor Da Yu was also anxious. He didn't know what other bargaining chips he had that could tempt this group of people.
In other words, he already understood that everything he said was nonsense. These guys would never take a fancy to anything he had.
At this moment, the ground began to shake again!
"Boss, it's moving. That guy seems to be unable to hold himself back. It's working!" The silver-haired woman smiled with excitement on her face.
"Yes, everyone, be careful. It seems to be coming out." The man with the silver mask nodded.
The seven people standing at the edge of the pit seemed to have entered a battle-ready state. Even though they were very powerful, they didn't dare to relax in the face of the terrifying existence in the pit!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great also sensed that something was amiss. He saw that the pair of glowing red eyes below him were getting closer and closer. That thing was constantly rising!
"Roar …"
A pure black dragon's head suddenly drilled out of the huge pit!
This dragon's appearance was very unique. Ordinary true dragons didn't look fierce. As the saying went, dragons and phoenixes were auspicious. In fact, although a true dragon's aura was mighty, it gave people a peaceful feeling.
However, this giant dragon had six pairs of sharp horns on its head. A pair of blood-red dragon eyes exuded a strong evil aura. If an ordinary warrior was enveloped by this evil aura, he would have lost his mind in an instant!
"Roar …"
The pure black dragon leaped out of the pit and opened its mouth to bite at the corpses of the Divine Sea Realm experts.
At this moment, Battle Emperor Da Yu's face finally revealed a look of despair. He knew that no matter how much he resisted, he wouldn't be able to escape this calamity …
Seeing that he was already within the range of the dragon's mouth, there was no way he could survive this bite. However, at this moment, Ha Peng gently flicked the fishing rod and pulled the corpses of Battle Emperor Yu Da Yu and the others higher up into the sky.
The huge dragon bit down, but it bit nothing!
Of course, Ha Peng wasn't trying to save the lives of Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others. He was purely trying to lure more of the giant dragon out of the pit. As for whether Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others lived or died, it didn't matter at all.
"Roar!"
Although the giant dragon's aura was mighty and it didn't seem to be any weaker than an ordinary true dragon, it was probably still young and hadn't gained much intelligence.
Since it didn't bite down, it actually stretched out its body and raised its huge dragon head to continue chasing after the corpses above!
At this moment, Ha Peng grabbed the fishing rod in his hand and swung Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others out of the pit. Following which, Battle Emperor Da Yu and the others slammed heavily onto the ground. Only then did Ha Peng say, "It's up to you guys!"
As soon as Ha Peng finished speaking, the burly man who had been standing at the edge of the pit, ready to attack, leaped up. The fiery-red giant scythe in his hand instantly burst into flames!
In an instant, the burly man charged towards the giant dragon. The giant scythe drew a circular arc in the air and slashed heavily at the giant dragon's neck.
"Ha! Break for me! "
The tall and sturdy man let out a loud roar. This giant dragon was indeed an existence comparable to a real dragon. Even Luo Zheng was secretly shocked by the power released by the tall and sturdy man's attack. The power contained within the attack was difficult to estimate. However, the giant red scythe in the hands of this Divine Realm expert was at least a divine weapon. Its power was almost unimaginable to Luo Zheng!
However, when this unparalleled slash landed on the dragon's scales, it only produced a burst of intense sparks and the sound of metal clashing against metal. It did not manage to slice open the dragon's neck!
"What a strong defense! What kind of dragon is this? "Luo Zheng sighed and asked.
From the beginning, Feng Nianyun seemed to have stopped talking. She just stared blankly at the giant dragon in the pit.
Seeing that Feng Nianyun didn't respond, Luo Zheng could only ask again, "Hey, why aren't you talking?"
After a while, Feng Nianyun said, "No wonder. Those dragon-shaped monsters must have been summoned by this thing. I really didn't expect that after being trapped here for so many years, I would be able to wait until the day an evil dragon appeared …"
"Evil dragon?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned and asked.
Feng Nianyun didn't hear Luo Zheng's words. She muttered to herself, "That's still not right. Why would an evil dragon appear? There's an ancestral dragon egg hidden in the sacred land of the dragon bloodline. Could it be that an evil dragon hatched from the ancestral dragon egg? That's impossible … "
"Hey, what's an evil dragon?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Feng Nianyun finally reacted and said, "The evil dragon is the opposite of the ancestral dragon. It's a belief inheritance derived from our race!"
"A belief inheritance derived from the ancestral dragon?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Feng Nianyun said, "Actually, whether it's the ancestral dragon or the evil dragon, they shouldn't exist in this world. They're just something imagined by the true dragon race!"
"Something imagined …" Luo Zheng felt that the more he listened, the more incredulous he felt.
Feng Nianyun understood Luo Zheng. As a warrior from the lower realm, Luo Zheng's understanding of certain things in the upper realm was still quite limited. She said curiously, "Didn't Seventh Grandpa tell you? It's not strange to imagine things. Just like your so-called visualization, once you visualize enough, you can use your True Yuan to visualize what you want! "