If a warrior wanted to materialize their Quintessential Essence, they had to do it through visualization!
For example, to materialize Quintessential Essence into a saber, one had to find a real saber and visualize it continuously. The more serious the visualization, the longer the time, the sharper the Quintessential Essence turned into a saber!
However, such visualization also relied on Quintessential Essence because Quintessential Essence itself could materialize. It was just that the more realistic one's visualization was, the more realistic the object would be.
Without Quintessential Essence, one would not be able to think of a saber even if they racked their brains …
As for what Feng Nianyun said, gathering billions of people to visualize an object and then visualizing it alive, it sounded inconceivable. It was beyond Luo Zheng's comprehension.
"You can visualize a divine weapon out of thin air just like that?" Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
Feng Nianyun said indifferently, "There's nothing strange about that. The Ancestral Dragon is the direct religion of the True Dragon race. Therefore, the birth of the Ancestral Dragon can bring prosperity to the True Dragon race."
"It's one thing to worship the Ancestral Dragon, but why is there an Evil Dragon now? Could it be that many of the True Dragon race also worship the Evil Dragon? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Feng Nianyun continued to answer, "How is that possible? Who's full or not full? It's just that no matter if it's a race or a living being, there's always a dark and bright side in their hearts. The Evil Dragon is the embodiment of the True Dragon race's dark side. It's a little like hell. It seems like you don't know either. In fact, the entire hell was created by all the living beings in the universe, right? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was shocked once again.
The Yellow Springs River, the Gates of Hell …
Luo Zheng had heard people mention this place before, but he never imagined that hell was also a product of imagination. It was fine if it was just imagination, but the problem was that when one thought about it too much, it actually existed!
It seemed that even if one had a brain, one shouldn't think blindly. Luo Zheng sighed inwardly. There seemed to be too many secrets in this universe waiting for him to unearth!
"Roar!"
The Evil Dragon seemed to be in a state of rage. Flames began to emerge from its huge dragon head, as if a large dragon's breath was brewing in its mouth! Although the burly man's attack did not injure it, it had completely enraged the evil dragon.
"It's going to spit out dragon breath. Ha Peng, bind it!" The man with the silver mask commanded his blade.
"Huff huff huff …"
Countless green threads spiraled toward the Evil Dragon, wrapping around the dragon's mouth in the blink of an eye! Then, the tall and sturdy man actually stuck close to him and continued to use the giant scythe in his hand to launch a new round of attacks.
Looking at the evil dragon, Luo Zheng said, "This evil dragon doesn't seem to be very strong. The seven people from the Demi-Immortal Tribe are just a bunch of Ultimate God Stage experts. This evil dragon doesn't seem to be able to resist them."
Feng Nianyun calmly replied, "This evil dragon needs to undergo seven metamorphoses before it can truly grow. It seems that this evil dragon has only undergone three metamorphoses. If it can undergo a fourth metamorphosis, it will be very difficult to deal with. It's not something that these guys can deal with! Speaking of which, the Demi-Immortal Tribe has helped you by killing this evil dragon. If you leave this evil dragon alone, it will definitely consume the entire Great Thousand World as its food after completing its fourth metamorphosis. It will then plot to undergo its fifth metamorphosis. "
"Consume the Great Thousand World as its food?" Luo Zheng frowned. Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the Great Thousand World, but he didn't have the time to explore the mysteries of this will. However, he was now a true child of this plane. If this evil dragon were to consume the Great Thousand World as its food, he would be the first to disagree.
"Mm." Feng Nianyun calmly said, "Let's not worry about this evil dragon for now. The seven of them are busy dealing with this evil dragon. You need to find a chance to escape."
In truth, the Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't have much desire to kill Luo Zheng and the others. In their eyes, the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Nations were insignificant ants. The key was that they could use them as bait after their deaths. If they couldn't be used, there was no reason to kill them.
However, since the Demi-Immortal Tribe was known as the Resetters and even tried to stop the cycle of reincarnation, there was a high possibility that they would kill the martial artists of the four Divine Nations after dealing with this evil dragon.
Luo Zheng couldn't even protect himself now. Escaping was probably his only choice. As for Huo Yuner, Huo Chen, and the other Monarchs, if he wanted to save them, he would have to find another way. However, there was no doubt that it would be difficult to save them.
"But the seven of them are all in the Ultimate Divine Realm. Can I really escape by controlling your body?" Luo Zheng asked hesitantly.
Feng Nianyun was relatively calm. She said, "Apart from their boss, the others are only in the Ultimate Divine Realm. It's not a big problem. However, when you control my body, you can only use less than 30% of my strength. I'll teach you an escape technique now. Later, you can use my True Yuan and get out of here as soon as possible!"
Luo Zheng didn't have a better idea at the moment. He could only use what he learned. At least it was better than using her True Yuan!
"This is a set of Wind Escape Technique. My True Yuan can match this Wind Escape Technique to the greatest extent, but how much you can comprehend will depend on yourself!" After Feng Nianyun finished speaking, she used her consciousness to transmit a set of Wind Escape Technique chants to Luo Zheng.
"This Wind Escape Technique is called Chasing Cloud Movement Technique! It was comprehended from the Divine Beast Chasing Cloud Lion. The Chasing Cloud Lion is one of the fastest Divine Beasts, second only to the Heavenly Rat! Comprehend it well. If you can comprehend about 30%, you can escape from them when they are unprepared. Remember … the Cloud Body Dharma Body allows you to travel a thousand miles in a day. You can travel above the Nine Heavens and below the Nine Underworlds … "
Chasing Cloud Lion?
When he heard Feng Nianyun teach him the Wind Escape Technique, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
When he obtained a jade bone from the Chasing Cloud Lion and moved it into his Baihui Stage, he gained the Chasing Cloud Lion's innate speed. However, the jade bone was used to refine his body. It was only revealed when he used his Vital Essence.
However, Vital Essence and True Yuan were two different types of energy. Although their natures were poles apart, they still had something in common. In addition, Luo Zheng's current innate talent was extremely powerful. It wasn't difficult for him to comprehend the Chasing Cloud Lion's Wind Escape Technique!
Luo Zheng's soul quietly floated in Feng Nianyun's mind. He closed his eyes and began to comprehend.
Feng Nianyun's soul was in her inner world, quietly watching Luo Zheng. The Chasing Cloud Movement Technique was an extremely difficult movement technique. Moreover, one needed to comprehend the Wind Elemental Law. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to learn it in a short time. It was just a last-minute preparation. Even if it wasn't fast, it was light. Coupled with her own body's compatibility, it would definitely be useful!
"Rumble, rumble …"
Above the crater, the Evil Dragon began to become irritable. The battle between the seven Demi-Immortals and the Evil Dragon had reached its climax.
After an incense stick's worth of time, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes!
"How much did you comprehend?" In such a short time, Feng Nianyun didn't expect Luo Zheng to comprehend too much. As long as it was enough to stimulate the Wind Elemental Law in her own True Yuan, it would be enough!
"More or less." Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He was very sensitive to the Chasing Cloud Lion's innate talent. This movement technique was based on the Chasing Cloud Lion. Therefore, after receiving her teachings, Luo Zheng had a completely new understanding of this movement technique. From a certain perspective, this movement technique was originally tailor-made for Luo Zheng!
"Roar!"
The Evil Dragon broke free from Ha Peng's restraints and let out a violent dragon roar. Its entire body drilled out of the crater and spiraled into the sky.
"Luo Lin! Hold it back! "
"Don't let it escape! Pei 'er, release the power of imprisonment! "
Seeing this scene, Feng Nianyun's eyes flashed. She said, "Now is the chance to leave! Are you ready? "
"Yes!" Luo Zheng nodded.
At this moment, Feng Nianyun's inner world suddenly roared. An invisible force once again covered her body. She had a way to dispel the silver-haired woman's imprisonment power.
The moment the imprisonment power was dispelled, Luo Zheng immediately felt that his soul and her body were connected again. At this moment, the True Yuan in his body was quickly mobilized by Luo Zheng!