Although the Demi-Immortals had focused all their attention on the dragon, Luo Zheng's sudden disappearance still attracted their attention.
"A little mouse ran away! Senior Sister, it seems to be the one you like! "The black-clothed youth said with a smile.
The silver-masked man said, "Don't let her run around. It won't be good if she destroys the Ancestral Dragon egg's incubation."
The silver-haired woman revealed a look of surprise. The flowers in her eyes spun slightly. "Qing Feng has already set up a barrier around the Ancestral Dragon egg. It won't be that easy to destroy, right? But … it's better if I capture her! " After saying that, she chuckled. With a bell-like laughter, she chased after Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng frantically mobilized Feng Nianyun's Quintessential Yuan, constantly activating the law of wind. His figure was like a shuttle, shuttling through the air!
"This guy …"
Inside her inner world, Feng Nianyun was completely shocked!
To be able to comprehend thirty percent of the Chasing Cloud movement technique in such a short time was already very impressive. Although she said so, she didn't have much expectations. She was only imparting the movement technique to Feng Nianyun with the mentality of making a last-minute effort.
But Feng Nianyun never expected that Luo Zheng would be able to completely comprehend the Chasing Cloud movement technique in such a short time!
Just how talented was this guy?
She already knew that the nine true dragons had always been residing in Luo Zheng's mind. Someone who could be chosen by seventh grandfather and the others was definitely not a simple guy. But the talent Luo Zheng displayed was still somewhat unacceptable to Feng Nianyun!
Even in the True Dragon Realm where geniuses were as common as clouds, she had never seen someone with such abnormal talent.
In thirty minutes, he comprehended seventy percent of the Chasing Cloud movement technique? No, eighty percent. It was probably more than that … The black line behind this guy was a phenomenon that would only appear when the Chasing Cloud Lion compressed the wind to the extreme when it was running at high speed!
Although Feng Nianyun could unleash the full potential of the Chasing Cloud movement technique, this cultivation technique was ultimately created by imitating the divine beast Chasing Cloud Lion's talent. When the Chasing Cloud Lion was running at high speed, it would leave behind a thin black line behind it. It was like a brush brushing black lines in the air!
This was something that even Feng Nianyun herself couldn't do, but Luo Zheng had completely mastered the Chasing Cloud movement technique in thirty minutes. He had even comprehended an even higher realm?
Feng Nianyun was somewhat unable to accept this!
Luo Zheng didn't know that Feng Nianyun's heart was fluctuating in such a manner. He was sighing at how powerful a Paramount Divine realm body was. The Quintessential Essence within one's body was incomparably pure. Typically speaking, Quintessential Essence was long-lasting and long-lasting. However, he could sense that the explosive Quintessential Essence within Feng Nianyun's body was comparable to his Astral Essence.
.....
... In just a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng had already rushed to the exit of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. He was heading straight for the arched door!
Due to his speed, Luo Zheng didn't even have time to check the situation of the arched door. He charged straight for it. In the end, he easily passed through the arched door. He discovered that he hadn't entered the teleportation channel. Instead, he had directly passed through the arched door.
"This … the teleportation channel has been closed!" Luo Zheng was immediately alarmed.
When he entered the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, he had relied on the two dragon-shaped keys to activate the arched door of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. He had activated a teleportation channel within the arched door. But now, the teleportation channel had disappeared!
Without the teleportation channel, the arched door was nothing more than a decoration to Luo Zheng.
Following that, a bell-like laughter was heard. "You got a fright, didn't you? Be a good boy and come back with me. I won't kill you! "
Luo Zheng frowned and said, "I have no enmity with you. Is there a need to chase me so relentlessly?"
"Eh? Who says you have enmity with us? I like you, so you have to be a good boy and come with me. Do you understand? " The silver-haired woman chuckled and said, "When we're done here, I can take you to a place! Even the ascension channel in this world has been destroyed. You don't want to be trapped here for the rest of your life, do you? "
A strange expression appeared on Luo Zheng's face. This silver-haired woman's taste was really strange. She actually liked women.
"It seems that this woman has taken a fancy to you …" Luo Zheng said to Feng Nianyun with a smile.
Then, Luo Zheng heard Feng Nianyun's scream from within his Inner World. "Let her die!"
"Don't move. Be a good boy and come with me." The silver-haired woman's voice suddenly became gentle. The flower in her right eye slowly rotated and approached Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes also became gentle. For a moment, he forgot to run away and stood there in a daze! In Luo Zheng's eyes, the silver-haired woman turned into a beautiful woman. Her whole body emitted a bright and beautiful color, which greatly attracted Luo Zheng!
Just as Luo Zheng was in a daze, he suddenly felt a sharp stab of pain, which woke him up in an instant.
"You've been charmed by her! Run! "Feng Nianyun screamed.
At this moment, the silver-haired woman and Luo Zheng were very close. The silver-haired woman's eyes were filled with gentleness. She actually reached out to touch Luo Zheng's face.
The moment he woke up, Luo Zheng punched out. At the same time, he activated the vital energy in his Dantian. His whole body suddenly turned into a gust of wind and disappeared on the spot!
Whoosh …
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng and the silver-haired woman opened up a distance of more than a hundred feet.
The silver-haired woman didn't seem to be in a hurry. She continued to follow behind Luo Zheng. In the silver-haired woman's eyes, the Heavenly Chen Secret Realm was only the size of a palm. No matter how fast Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to escape from her grasp.
Changing directions, Luo Zheng also sped up. He was thinking about how to leave the Heavenly Chen Holy Land!
Although he had entered the Heavenly Chen Holy Land through a transmission array, the Heavenly Chen Holy Land was built in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. It couldn't be anywhere else!
If Luo Zheng could find a spatial crack, there was still a chance for him to leave the Heavenly Chen Holy Land. However, after traveling through the Heavenly Chen Holy Land, Luo Zheng's face revealed disappointment. He didn't find any spatial cracks.
Roar …
Another earth-shaking sound came. On the other side of the Heavenly Chen Holy Land, the six people of the Demi-Immortal Clan were engaged in a fierce battle with the Evil Dragon. Even from such a distance, one could see a thick pillar of fire soaring into the sky! It seemed like the battle between them and the Evil Dragon had reached a white-hot stage.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't pay attention to it. However, while he was distracted, a pure white flower appeared not far in front of Luo Zheng. That pure white flower bloomed at an incredible speed. The silver-haired woman walked out of the flower with a smile on her face. She said to Luo Zheng, "Little guy, you can't escape!"
Seeing this, Luo Zheng didn't stop and once again flew past.
The two of them were in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, one chasing and the other fleeing. After a while, Luo Zheng noticed that not far away, there was a transparent enchantment covering a minaret!
"What is that?"
Seeing this transparent barrier, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
The transparent barrier seemed to be undergoing a drastic change. The bottom of the spire was full of vitality. All kinds of strange flowers and grasses were everywhere, and vines were coiled around the outer walls of the spire. The most peculiar thing was that these plants were growing at a speed visible to the naked eye. They were growing at a crazy speed, and then they quickly withered, bloomed, bore fruit, withered, and sprouted seeds …
"Time! The speed of time passing in this barrier is so fast! "Luo Zheng said curiously," What is inside this tower? "
Feng Nianyun shook her head, "I'm not sure. The outer barrier has isolated almost all the aura inside …"
"Go in!" No matter what was inside, Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it and directly rushed towards the barrier. The moment he got close to the barrier, Luo Zheng poured out his True Essence and punched the barrier.
"Boom!"
Even with the control of his Divine Realm body, Luo Zheng's punch didn't break the barrier.
＝＝＝＝＝