After this punch, another snow-white flower bloomed. The silver-haired woman stepped out of the flower quietly. Seeing Luo Zheng's action, she smiled and said, "Qing Feng's barrier is not that easy to break!"
Luo Zheng gazed at the silver-haired woman and asked, "What's inside?"
The silver-haired woman giggled. "If I tell you, will you follow me obediently? I promise you won't suffer any losses! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "You have to tell me first."
"The Ancestral Dragon and the Evil Dragon appeared in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land at the same time. They are on the tail of this Yan Ji. Our Demi-Immortal Clan naturally wants to collect them. We must catch the Evil Dragon and the Ancestral Dragon!" The silver-haired woman answered.
"The Ancestral Dragon is in the tower?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The silver-haired woman tilted her head and smiled. "Yes!"
"Very good!" Luo Zheng suddenly took out the Black Star Pickaxe from his Sumeru Ring and knocked on the barrier at an extremely fast speed!
The silver-haired woman's face was full of disdain. Previously, Boss Mo was worried that she would run around and break into this place, disturbing the hatching of the Ancestral Dragon's egg. However, in the silver-haired woman's opinion, this worry was completely unnecessary. After all, Qing Feng's barrier was not that easy to break.
Moreover, the silver-haired woman could feel that although the woman in front of her was a living person, she seemed to be relying on the soul core to drive her body. She was unable to display the original strength of her body.
As for why this woman could use her unique movement technique and move so fast, the silver-haired woman couldn't figure it out. However, no matter what, Qing Feng's barrier contained a special law of karma. How could an ordinary Divine Realm expert break it?
However, when Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe in front of the silver-haired woman, the silver-haired woman's face suddenly changed. The flower in her eyes spun crazily. At the same time, the pure white flower was quickly smeared with a streak of dark red!
"A supreme artifact! The Black Star Pickaxe! "The silver-haired woman screamed.
As soon as her voice fell, Luo Zheng swung the Black Star Pickaxe and hit the barrier. The originally incomparably sturdy barrier suddenly shattered. The entire barrier was originally a whole. As long as one part of it was damaged, the entire barrier would instantly shatter!
As a result, a crisp sound rang out, and the barrier collapsed with a loud bang.
At the same time, the six people were still fighting with the Evil Dragon. One of them, a middle-aged man in a blue robe. suddenly, his face changed, and said, "Oh!"
Boss Mo, who was wearing a silver mask, asked, "Qingfeng, what's wrong?"
"Someone broke my Bounded Domain!" Qing Feng frowned and said.
Hearing Qing's words, Boss's Divine Realm experts, and Stellar Holy land.
This time, when they entered the lower realms, their journey in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land could be said to have been smooth sailing. This was all thanks to a certain almighty expert of the Demi-Immortal Clan. He used a secret technique to help Boss Mo change his destiny. In just a few months, Boss Mo's destiny had more than doubled.
Logically speaking, they should be able to smoothly capture the Evil Dragon and hatch the Ancestral Dragon. Then, they would be able to smoothly bring it back to the Demi-Immortal Clan.
But now, an unforeseen event had suddenly occurred!
What they were afraid of had really happened. Qing Feng's barrier covered the spire. With Boss Mo personally changing the flow of time, it wouldn't take long for the Ancestral Dragon to hatch. They only needed to focus on dealing with the Evil Dragon.
But they never thought that the barrier would be broken by someone.
"Could it be that woman who just escaped?" The tall and sturdy man dodged the Evil Dragon's claw attack and switched places with another person.
"Impossible. Although that woman was at the Extreme Divine Realm, she shouldn't be able to break Qing Feng's barrier. I don't know what Pearl is doing. Why hasn't she returned after so long? Yuze, go and take a look! "Boss Mo ordered.
The black-clothed young man nodded. The frivolous smile on his face disappeared. His figure turned into a black shadow and flew toward the spire like a ghost.
The moment Luo Zheng broke the barrier, he directly entered it.
The flow of time in the barrier was completely different from the outside world. The flow of time here seemed to have increased by countless times. The plants inside the barrier were constantly multiplying, dying, multiplying, and dying.
However, from Luo Zheng's point of view, he didn't feel anything. But from the silver-haired woman's point of view, the moment Luo Zheng entered the barrier, he just shook slightly and disappeared. This was because the flow of time was too fast!
The silver-haired woman gritted her teeth. Her figure flickered and she also entered the barrier.
But because of the delay of a dozen breaths, the time between her and Luo Zheng was pulled apart by a large amount!
It must be known that the flow of time here was ten thousand times faster. In other words, the time the silver-haired woman hesitated for a dozen breaths was ten thousand breaths of time when Luo Zheng entered the barrier.
Of course, from Luo Zheng's point of view, he couldn't feel it at all.
After entering this area, Luo Zheng's time was in a normal state. He didn't feel the rapid flow of time. Only the people outside who observed Luo Zheng would realize that the flow of time here was a thousand times faster!
"This spire …"
Luo Zheng raised his head and glanced at it. If it weren't for the change in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, the final goal of him and the other Divine Sea Realm experts would be this place.
But he didn't know what kind of mechanism was in this spire. After so many years, the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't take out the Ancestral Dragon egg.
Although he was chased all the way and was in a very difficult situation, Luo Zheng's purpose was to get the Ancestral Dragon egg in this spire. It was a freak combination of factors that led to him accidentally entering this place!
Without thinking much, Luo Zheng rushed to the front door of the spire. Originally, Luo Zheng intended to break in. Unexpectedly, just as he stood in front of the front door, a faint light flickered from the door frame. After the light circled the door frame, the door slowly opened by itself.
Behind the door was a pitch-black space.
He turned his head and looked at the sky. Perhaps because of the Law of Time, under the interference of the Law of Time, the entire Heavenly Stellar Holy Land had disappeared from Luo Zheng's eyes except for the area around the spire.
In any case, the silver-haired woman didn't chase him in. Only then did Luo Zheng step into the door!
In the void, there were steps that emitted light. These steps circled the void and spiraled upwards. Luo Zheng stepped on the steps and began to climb up rapidly.
After climbing countless steps, Luo Zheng suddenly saw a huge chain at the top of the steps. Looking along the chain, Luo Zheng saw a small glowing object in the middle of the chain!
As for the glowing object, it was bound by numerous chains!
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flickered as he stared at it, "This is!"
"The Ancestral Dragon egg." A calm voice came from his Inner World. Feng Nianyun obviously also noticed the Ancestral Dragon egg.
A faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face, but then he heard Feng Nianyun say, "This Ancestral Dragon egg, you can't take it away!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng's face showed a strange expression.
"If it was so easy to take it away, the monarchs of the four Divine Kingdoms wouldn't have been busy for so many years," Feng Nianyun said lightly.
Indeed, Luo Zheng agreed with Feng Nianyun's words. There wasn't much danger in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, but the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms had entered the Heavenly Stellar Secret Realm so many times, but they still couldn't take the Ancestral Dragon egg away.