Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe. There was not much time left for Luo Zheng. If the silver-haired woman chased after him, Luo Zheng would be in trouble.
However, just as he waved the Black Star Pickaxe and knocked on the chain, a strange scene occurred!
As a supreme artifact, the Black Star Pickaxe contained indestructible characteristics. There were probably not many things in the universe that could block the Black Star Pickaxe.
However, the Black Star Pickaxe actually managed to pierce through the chain!
"Illusion?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
The chains in front of him and the Ancestral Dragon egg that was entangled by the chains seemed to be just an illusion!
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and touched the chain. However, his fingers easily passed through the chain. Wherever he touched, there was nothing.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The chain and the Ancestral Dragon egg in front of him looked very lifelike. He did not feel like an illusion at all. However, these things were clearly in front of him, but he could not touch them …
Feng Nianyun smiled faintly and said, "Haha, if I'm not wrong, this Ancestral Dragon egg is actually sealed in another layer of space. Therefore, although you can see it, you can't touch it!"
"Another layer of space?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was a little confused. Although he was proficient in the Law of Space, even before the Law baptism, Luo Zheng's affinity with the Law of Space was the highest. Although after the Law baptism, Luo Zheng did not have any shackles when it came to the Law of Space, he was still the most sensitive to the Law of Space.
However, he had only cultivated the Law of Space to the second level. If Luo Zheng had enough time to gain experience in the four Divine Kingdoms and obtain the totems of the third and fourth level of the Law of Space, he would be able to slowly comprehend them.
However, time was too tight for him to enter the four Divine Kingdoms. From the moment he entered the Black Iron Divine Kingdom, he had not stopped. After entering the West Dragon River to participate in the competition, he entered the Sky Feather Sacred Sea. There was too little time left for Luo Zheng.
"Yes, if I'm not mistaken, this should be the fifth level of the Law of Space, Refraction! This Ancestral Dragon egg seems to be sealed in another space. Everything you see is just refracted through space! It's impossible to obtain the Ancestral Dragon's egg directly! " Feng Nianyun shook her head and said, "Unfortunately, I don't specialize in the Law of Space. I only comprehended one level of the Law of Space back then."
"Is this the reason why the Tianfeng War Emperor and the others couldn't take the Ancestral Dragon egg?" Luo Zheng frowned.
After all, the difficulty of cultivating the Origin Source Laws was extremely high. The first level was relatively easy, but the second level was extremely difficult. If one wanted to cultivate the Origin Source Laws to the third level, they would need to possess the talent of a god-rank genius. As for a martial artist who cultivated to the fourth level, even in the Upper Realm, they would be the core figures of a clan.
As for the fifth level, it was most likely not something an ordinary martial artist could achieve …
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's figure flickered and shuttled through the void. He stretched out his hand and touched the Ancestral Dragon egg in the center.
Just like before, his hand easily penetrated the Ancestral Dragon's egg. These chains and the Ancestral Dragon's egg were just illusions!
"It's useless. If I'm not mistaken, these people of the Demi-Immortal Clan probably don't have anyone proficient in the Law of Space. They can't take out the Ancestral Dragon egg, so they came up with another method," Feng Nianyun said lightly.
"What method?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's very simple. If they can't take out the Ancestral Dragon egg, then they can accelerate the ripening of the Ancestral Dragon egg! By changing the flow of time, the flow of time in the entire steeple will accelerate rapidly. Under the flow of time a thousand times faster, we can hatch the Ancestral Dragon egg. When the Ancestral Dragon appears, we can take this little thing away, "Feng Nianyun guessed.
Luo Zheng nodded. This time, he agreed with Feng Nianyun's analysis, but then he frowned again. "But if I enter the spire, the Law of Time will also be imposed on me. If I wait here, won't it take forever?"
Outside the range of the Law of Time, the flow of time was normal, but within this range, time was accelerated by a thousand times. Now that Luo Zheng had entered the range, his time was equal to the Ancestral Dragon egg …
"Your analysis is reasonable. If you want to wait for the Ancestral Dragon egg to hatch, unless the egg is about to hatch, you can only leave the range of the Law of Time and wait slowly …" Feng Nianyun blinked and said.
"This … is even more troublesome." For a moment, Luo Zheng couldn't think of a better way.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly heard the sound of footsteps. He looked down and just happened to see the silver-haired woman climbing up the stairs step by step. Luo Zheng's gaze just happened to meet the silver-haired woman's eyes!
The silver-haired woman smiled faintly and said, "I'll forgive you this time. You smashed the barrier outside. It won't be so easy to explain to Qing Feng. Obediently follow me out of here, and it's not too late!"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath. The biggest problem in entering the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land this time was that he couldn't use his abilities. Although he had taken over Feng Nianyun's body, he couldn't use her strength. It was indeed very frustrating.
But then again, this group of people were all Divine Realm experts. Even in the Upper Realm, they were existences that couldn't be underestimated!
Even if Luo Zheng wasn't affected by the Blood Sacrifice of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean, with his cultivation base that had just entered the Life and Death Realm, he was still an ant in front of this group of Divine Realm experts. He couldn't fight back at all.
"Be obedient." The silver-haired woman continued smiling. Her footsteps were light as she slowly walked up the stairs.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's gaze suddenly fell on the Ancestral Dragon egg. He discovered that a thin crack had appeared on the egg!
"A crack …"
"You're lucky. The Ancestral Dragon egg has finished hatching!" Feng Nianyun's voice floated out.
"But that woman is coming!" Luo Zheng communicated with Feng Nianyun in his mind.
"Think of a way to delay her. The Ancestral Dragon has an imprint behavior! The first thing that hatches from the Ancestral Dragon egg will be seen as the mother! "Feng Nianyun continued.
The incubation of the Ancestral Dragon egg often took an unimaginably long time. The Dragon Bloodline Clan's Blood Sacrifice had sealed the egg for a long time, and the Temporal Law had been in effect for an unknown period of time. If the Heavenly Feather Clan had entered the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land a year ago, under the thousandfold acceleration of time, nearly a thousand years would have passed in this space …
In any case, when Luo Zheng arrived here, the Ancestral Dragon egg had cracked. Perhaps this was Luo Zheng's luck!
"Imprint behavior …" Luo Zheng had no time to ponder the meaning of this word. The silver-haired woman had already walked up step by step. He now had to find a topic to delay this woman.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng's mind flashed and he said, "The Heavenly Feather Clan. Do you all belong to the Heavenly Feather Clan?"
When the silver-haired woman heard Luo Zheng suddenly mention the Heavenly Feather Clan, a look of surprise appeared on her face. She asked curiously, "Huh? How do you know? "
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and replied, "It's very simple. Because I also belong to the Heavenly Feather Clan!"
Hearing this, the silver-haired woman's face revealed a look of disbelief. She giggled and said, "Impossible. Our Heavenly Feather Clan has a special imprint. If you are a warrior recognized by our Heavenly Feather Clan, I can feel the existence of the imprint!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and his expression became more and more relaxed. "You should have noticed that this body does not belong to me, right?"
The silver-haired woman nodded. Her previous confinement power was also effective on Luo Zheng, which meant that Luo Zheng also relied on the Soul Core to control this body. However, the silver-haired woman did not understand the Soul Sealing Great Art, so she was also puzzled. It was clearly a living body, so why would he use the Soul Core to control the body? Wasn't this superfluous?
Luo Zheng's explanation was in line with the silver-haired woman's judgment.
"You said that you were recognized by the Heavenly Feather Clan, but you are just a warrior from the lower realm. How could you have received anything from the Heavenly Feather Clan?" The silver-haired woman asked with a smile. She still did not believe Luo Zheng's words.
Luo Zheng's eyes gently swept over the eggshell. The cracks were slowly spreading, so he said, "Tower. I was recognized by the Heavenly Feather Clan in a tower!"
The Tower of Sin originally belonged to the Heavenly Feather Clan. Luo Zheng was not lying.