"A pagoda?"
The silver-haired woman's face revealed a skeptical expression. Her Demi-Immortal Clan had a total of three trial pagodas.
If a new genius wanted to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, under normal circumstances, they would have to pass the trial tower's Talent Stele test!
Unfortunately, one of the three trial pagodas had been lost and had not been found until now. When Luo Zheng suddenly mentioned a pagoda, the silver-haired woman, who originally did not believe him, suddenly believed him a little.
"What's the name of that pagoda?" The silver-haired woman frowned and asked.
"Sin Pagoda!" Luo Zheng continued. The corner of his eyes had been watching the Ancestral Dragon egg. The cracks on the egg's shell were increasing, especially on the top half of the egg. Some cracks were like spider webs, spreading out layer by layer on the surface of the egg.
"Sin Pagoda … No!" The silver-haired woman shook her head. "The lost pagoda is not called that."
Hearing the silver-haired woman's words, Luo Zheng smiled. He was very clear that he was not lying, so he was confident that he could use this topic to attract the silver-haired woman. "The Sin Pagoda is divided into fifteen floors. I took the Talent Stele test on the tenth floor! I still remember the names on the first row of the Talent Stele. It seems that there was someone called Yun Miao Xin, and there was also Gu Heche, Ya, Huo, and others … "
"Gu Heche!"
After Luo Zheng said this name, the silver-haired woman was suddenly surprised. Her smiling face suddenly became serious. "Yes! That is the Exquisite Pagoda! You have indeed been to the Exquisite Pagoda! "
"The Exquisite Pagoda …"
Luo Zheng also remembered this name. The Sin Pagoda was just a name given by the creatures of the Sea God Continent. Since it belonged to the Demi-Immortal Clan, naturally it would not be called this name. Now it seemed that the original name of the Sin Pagoda was the Exquisite Pagoda.
Why was the silver-haired woman so excited?
Because she heard a very familiar name among the names Luo Zheng said, Gu Heche!
The silver-haired woman's full name was Gu Pei 'er, and Gu Heche was her father!
"Where is the Exquisite Pagoda?" Gu Pei 'er asked immediately.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. In order to stall for time, he seemed to have revealed some information that he shouldn't have.
The Tower of Sin was extremely important to the Sea God Continent. In other words, it was extremely important to the human race's Purple Heart Holy Land. The reason was very simple. The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had already developed while the Purple Heart Holy Land was still relatively weak. If these fellows were to find out the whereabouts of the Tower of Sin and take it away, the human race's development wouldn't be able to surpass the Twin Devil Holy Land in a short period of time. Perhaps, this was good news for the demon race.
Seeing the hesitant expression on Luo Zheng's face, Gu Pei 'er smiled coldly, "The Ascension Passage of this Vast Thousand Worlds is sealed, so the Exquisite Pagoda is definitely in this Vast Thousand Worlds. It is not difficult to find it. If you are not willing to answer, I will not force you, but … you said that you were recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan? Then may I ask what rank your talent is? It can't be the fourth or fifth row, right? "
The three Towers of Trials of the Heaven Immortal Clan, although the names were different, regardless of whether it was the shape or the details, they were almost the same. In fact, the three Towers of Trials were not only used for trials, but also for suppression.
Gu Pei 'er's talent was extremely high. In the other "Illusory Pagoda", her talent was also ranked in the first row!
According to what Gu Pei 'er knew, in the Talent Stele's test for martial artists, only those who were ranked in the first two rows were qualified to be recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan.
As for the martial artists below the second row, although their names were recorded, there were countless geniuses of this level in the Upper Realm. They simply didn't have the qualifications to be recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan.
In front of her, this guy who occupied the body of an Ultimate God Realm martial artist, how strong could his talent be?
Hearing Gu Pei 'er's question, Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I don't seem to belong to any of the rows."
"Oh …" Gu Pei 'er's expression dimmed, "A guy whose name isn't even on the first row still says he belongs to the Heaven Immortal Clan. Aren't you thinking too much?"
Previously, Gu Pei 'er really thought that Luo Zheng's name was on the second row. If that was the case, then she could indeed treat Luo Zheng as a member of the same clan. The Heaven Immortal Clan valued quality over quantity. Compared to the martial artists of other clans, the Heaven Immortal Clan's overall numbers were still a lot lower. However, every one of them was the elite of the elite!
Take Liu Yu of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land for example. After standing in the second row, it only took him a mere two hundred years to become the leader of the Purple Heart Holy Land. Furthermore, he led the Purple Heart Holy Land to completely suppress the Twin Devil Holy Land.
However, because of the Ascension Passage, Liu Yu was unable to break through to the Divine Sea Realm. His life's achievements could only stop here. If the Ascension Passage of this Vast Thousand World was intact, even in the Demon Night Clan of the Upper World, Liu Yu would certainly be able to cultivate to a higher realm and strive for greater achievements.
Now, Luo Zheng couldn't even make it onto the list. This kind of trash, let alone the Heaven Immortal Clan, would not even be considered a genius in other clans. Did he really think that just because he entered the Talent Stele, he would be recognized by the Heaven Immortal Clan? That was too naive.
At this moment, a circle of cracks slowly appeared in the middle of the Ancestral Dragon egg. Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and continued, "Thinking too much? That's not true. Although my name didn't make it into the six rows, my name is listed on it … "
"On it? What do you mean on it? "Gu Pei 'er was slightly stunned and didn't react for a moment.
Luo Zheng said faintly, "It's on top of those names, on top of She-Ne, Gu Heche, Ya, and these guys …"
"What!" This time, Gu Pei 'er lost her composure.
Gu Pei 'er took a deep breath and asked with a nervous expression, "Since you said your name is listed on it, what is your title? Shura? Rakshasa? Innate? Eight? Which one is it? Is your name golden or silver? "
"Are, are there still that many titled battle pet warriors?" Luo Zheng was surprised to hear Gu Peier mention so many titled battle pet warriors.
Luo Zheng knew that those who could be ranked on the first row naturally surpassed the warriors below. However, there was only one name on the first row, so he didn't know that there were other titles.
In fact, the titles on the Talent Monument were quite particular, and each title was different. For example, Shura and Rakshasa were the two highest titles and were ranked first. Then there were titles such as "Innate", "Eight", "Scar of the World", and so on!
In fact, warriors who could obtain a title were absolutely favored by the heavens in the universe! Therefore, the gap between titles was actually very small. Of course, even if it was a small gap, it was still a gap …
Moreover, titles were divided into gold, silver, and bronze. Gold was the highest, and bronze was the lowest.
"Since you said you obtained a title, then tell me, what title did you obtain?" Gu Pei 'er stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng said strangely, "The titles you mentioned don't seem to be …"
Gu Pei 'er frowned, "Could it be' Fledgling 'and' Ocean Arrival '? These two titles are at the bottom of the list. However, even if it's the last title, it's already very impressive. At least Gu Pei 'er didn't obtain a title and can only be ranked in the first row. "
"No," Luo Zheng said, "If I remember correctly, it should be 'Heaven Rank' in gold."
After Luo Zheng said this, the flower in Gu Pei 'er's right eye suddenly began to spin rapidly. The roots of her flower were buried deep in her eyeball. Seeing the flower spinning like this, Luo Zheng was very doubtful whether she was in pain or not …
But he didn't know that his words had already set off a storm in Gu Pei 'er's heart!
"How, how could it be … Heaven Rank! Gold Heaven Rank! "Gu Pei 'er found it hard to believe.
But according to Luo Zheng's previous statement, he did go to the Linglong Pagoda and entered the Talent Monument's test. If it wasn't for the two words' Heaven Rank ', he wouldn't have known that there was such a title on the Talent Monument. So he shouldn't be lying!
Because of this, Gu Pei 'er found it hard to believe.
＝＝＝＝＝