In the entire universe, all the races were trying their best to expand and develop.
If they wanted to develop quickly, they had to find the best geniuses in their race!
Therefore, every race would design a reasonable set of rules and conduct a series of tests and tests.
For each race, the test method was different.
In addition to observing the lotus flower, there were three races in the universe that had the most accurate test methods. They were the human race's "Heavenly Path", the demon race's "Divine-Devil Abyss", and the Demi-Immortal race's three pagodas.
If one could obtain a title from any of the three pagodas, they would receive the protection of the Demi-Immortal race and become a core member of the Demi-Immortal race! Even the lowest bronze titles, "Fledgling" and "Ocean Arrival".
So far, among the Demi-Immortals living in the world, there were no more than a hundred thousand creatures with titles! And among these hundred thousand creatures, there were eighty thousand creatures with bronze titles!
As for those with silver titles, there were more than 18,000!
And there were only a thousand creatures with gold titles …
The problem was that among these thousand, there were only fifty to sixty creatures with Rakshasa and Asura titles …
As for the Demi-Immortal titles.
Since ancient times, there were less than six. These six people were the absolute leaders of the Demi-Immortal race and were legendary figures in the universe.
This was why Gu Peier found it hard to believe!
A guy with such a heaven-defying talent actually appeared in front of her. Gu Peier suddenly felt that everything was a little surreal. It was not that she did not believe it, but she did not dare to believe it!
Previously, when she heard about the Linglong Pagoda, she was secretly delighted. This time, not only did the seven of them capture the Ancestral Dragon and the Evil Dragon, making a great contribution, but they also unexpectedly found out about the Linglong Pagoda's whereabouts. If they could bring the Linglong Pagoda back to the Demi-Immortal race, it would definitely be a great contribution. In comparison, the Ancestral Dragon and the Evil Dragon were not that important!
But now, they found a guy with a gold heavenly title, then the Linglong Pagoda seemed insignificant …
At this moment, Gu Peier even wanted to stop capturing the Evil Dragon and the Ancestral Dragon and go to the Linglong Pagoda to find out the truth. If this Luo Zheng really passed the test of the Talent Stele and obtained a gold heavenly title, then they could immediately bring this guy back to the Demi-Immortal race!
Gu Pei 'er could already imagine how shocked the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Clan would be when she brought him back ….
"You … You're really not lying to me?" Gu Pei 'er could not suppress the excitement in her heart, and her voice started to tremble.
As a matter of fact, Gu Pei 'er was very proud to be able to rank first on the Talent Stele. However, whenever she met any of the Titled Demi-Immortals, she couldn't help but feel a little unconvinced, and even a little inferior!
However, Gu Pei 'er also understood that talent was only one aspect of a martial artist. With her own hard work and good luck, it wasn't impossible for her to surpass those titled life forms. Such examples could be found everywhere.
But right now, Gu Peier did not have such a feeling when facing this fellow in front of her. That was because the gap between them was simply too great, so great that she could not even think of a comparison in her heart.
Luo Zheng nods and looks at Gu Pei 'er with a faint smile: "Yes, I didn't lie to you … but …"
"But what?" Gu Pei 'er blinked her eyes and asked. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would directly deny it and make her excited for nothing.
Luo Zheng chuckles, "This Ancestral Dragon seems to have hatched …"
Just as they were talking, the eggshell of the Ancestral Dragon egg, which was wrapped in layers of chains, finally cracked open completely. A soft nose directly pried open the eggshell, revealing a furry body inside the eggshell.
That small body did not look like a newborn dragon that had just hatched, but more like a small seahorse, with a slender head and a pair of large eyes that emitted a green light!
After the Ancestral Dragon came out of the eggshell, it swallowed the Ancestral Dragon's eggshell one bite at a time. After swallowing the eggshell, the little dragon looked around.
During this process, Feng Nianyun began to remind Luo Zheng, "Continue to make up a story to deceive that woman. Let the Ancestral Dragon notice you. As long as you succeed at the first glance, the mark will be planted …"
In Feng Nianyun's inner world, she heard Luo Zheng say a lot of things that seemed to have fooled the silver-haired woman. Although she had heard of the Demi-Immortal Clan's pagoda, she had never been there, so she did not understand the specific meaning of Luo Zheng's words.
Feng Nianyun was very impressed by Luo Zheng's words just now. Of course, she was not impressed by Luo Zheng's ability to fool people. She was impressed by Luo Zheng's ability to fool people. She felt that Luo Zheng was completely making things up.
Luo Zheng's ability to brag was really not for show.
After the furry little guy opened its big eyes and stared at Luo Zheng for a long time, Luo Zheng smiled and told Gu Pei 'er that the Ancestral Dragon had hatched!
"Caw, caw!"
The furry little dragon fluttered, but it easily floated out of the refracted space and pounced toward Luo Zheng.
If Gu Pei 'er had seen this scene before, she would have been furious. They had painstakingly set up all kinds of traps in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land to capture the Ancestral Dragon and the evil dragon in one fell swoop. But now, Luo Zheng had ruined everything. This was definitely the worst thing that could happen.
But after Gu Pei 'er confirmed that Luo Zheng's words were most likely true, the Ancestral Dragon egg did not seem so important, so at this moment, her mood was very calm.
If this guy really had the title of Golden Demi-Immortal, it would be his fortune to be recognized by the Ancestral Dragon. It could even be described as destiny …
"Caw, caw, caw!"
The newly hatched little dragon did not alienate Luo Zheng at all. It pounced into Luo Zheng's arms, and its furry little head kept rubbing against Luo Zheng's chest.
Generally speaking, creatures that were born from eggs would have relatively complete mobility after breaking out of their shells. They would also be able to think independently to a certain extent. That was why this kind of creature could have imprinted behavior on its body. In other words, the first thing it saw was its mother.
But creatures like humans were completely ignorant after birth. They needed a long time of training and cultivation to gradually establish a certain degree of cognition. Such creatures would not have imprinting behavior.
The Ancestral Dragon might be the belief of the True Dragon Clan, but it was also affected by imprinting behavior.
Therefore, in the little dragon's mind, a strong imprint was produced! It was also under the influence of this imprint that Luo Zheng became its mother!
In order to prevent imprinting behavior, the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan had actually made several preparations. They originally planned to use the Law of Time to hatch the Ancestral Dragon, then seal it and bring it back to the Demi-Immortal Clan. As long as this Ancestral Dragon's imprint behavior did not occur, it would be fine. As for the rest, they would leave it to the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Clan to deal with.
However, the speed at which the Ancestral Dragon hatched was faster than they had expected. And when Luo Zheng was being chased by Gu Peier, he accidentally ran into the steeple. With Feng Nianyun's help, all their efforts were for naught.
After holding the little Ancestral Dragon, Luo Zheng originally thought that Gu Pei 'er would attack him in a rage. He was thinking about how to escape.
But now, Gu Pei 'er did not move at all. She just stood there and stared at him blankly. She even ignored the little dragon in his arms!
"What's wrong with this woman?" Luo Zheng was puzzled, so he asked Feng Nianyun in his inner world. Feng Nianyun shook her head, "I'm not sure. Did you just make things up and scare her?"
"I wasn't just making things up …" Luo Zheng retorted.
"Haha, who would believe you?" Feng Nianyun had seen Luo Zheng's bragging skills. She did not believe Luo Zheng's words at all.
At this moment, Gu Pei 'er said softly, "Come with me!"
"Come with you?" Luo Zheng was stunned.