Gu Peier was very clear about the importance of the matter.
Although the Ancestral Dragon was important, compared to a warrior with a golden Heaven-rank title, it was as light as smoke and dust. It was a trivial matter.
Moreover, even if they found out that it was a mistake, they still had the ability to take the Ancestral Dragon away …
A mark was troublesome, especially the mark in the Ancestral Dragon. If they wanted to remove it, even the Heaven-rank Clan would have to pay a considerable price.
However, it was just a problem. A problem that could be solved was not a real problem.
As for a Heaven-rank title warrior, it was likely that no matter how much trouble they spent, it would not be enough. Therefore, after thinking for a while, Gu Peier decided to verify this matter first.
Seeing that Luo Zheng's golden pupils still showed a hint of vigilance, Gu Peier knew that the other party still had some hostility towards her. She smiled slightly, "I won't catch you. Can you follow me?"
Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Therefore, Gu Peier walked down the stairs step by step, and Luo Zheng followed behind with the Ancestral Dragon in his arms …
Soon, after the two left the spire, they left the area affected by the Law of Time.
The two of them spent a full hour in the spire. However, under the influence of the thousandfold flow of time, an hour passed in the spire was only a moment to the outside world.
The moment they came out, the flow of time around Luo Zheng returned to normal, and all the plants around the spire covered by the Law of Time began to rapidly wither, bloom, and die. The cycle repeated.
"Whoosh!"
A black shadow, like a swallow shuttling through the clouds, sped towards this side. The figure suddenly stopped in the air. It was the black-robed young man called "Yu Ze".
When he saw Gu Peier, he asked loudly, "Little Senior Sister, what happened? Why did Qing Feng's boundary break …"
However, before Yu Ze could finish his sentence, his gaze landed on Luo Zheng, who was behind Gu Pei 'er. Then, he stared intently at the little dragon in Luo Zheng's arms. Immediately after, Yu Ze's eyes released two sharp rays of light that were as sharp as swords!
"What happened? The Ancestral Dragon … hatched? "
Previously, Yuze had entered the spire many times. Because the Ancestral Dragon was protected by a refracted space, they could not take it away. Therefore, they could only make such a compromise and use the flow of time to urge the Ancestral Dragon to hatch.
Therefore, even if Qing Feng's barrier was broken, they were not too worried. Even if the barrier was broken, it was impossible to take away the Ancestral Dragon egg.
The problem was that the golden-eyed woman had already appeared behind Gu Peier with a small dragon in her arms. This made Yu Ze a little confused. What exactly happened in the steeple?
Without thinking too much, Yuze's first thought was to snatch the little dragon from Luo Zheng's hands!
How could Luo Zheng be willing to stand in place and let Yuze snatch it? The True Origin Energy in his body began to circulate. He executed the Chasing Cloud movement technique and prepared to escape.
"You still want to escape?!"
Yu Ze sneered. He unsheathed the huge black blade in his hand and slashed towards Luo Zheng in an extremely fierce manner.
Gu Pei 'er furrowed her brows, and the flower in her right eye suddenly spun, and a pink light shot out from the stamen of the flower!
"Bang … …"
That pink light instantly shot onto Yu Ze's black blade, and the black blade was firmly sealed in place!
Yu Ze had originally maintained an extremely high speed, waving his black blade as he prepared to slash out. However, the sealing power of Gu Pei 'er's pink light was extremely tyrannical. Under such a seal, the entire black blade was wrapped within it, and the black blade also stopped in midair, unable to move!
Yu Ze completely did not expect that Gu Pei 'er would use such a powerful sealing power to seal his black blade. Under this slash, the blade in his hand suddenly could not be controlled. His hand slipped from the blade's handle, and he could only grab a handful of air and slash towards Luo Zheng. He looked very embarrassed … …
"Little Senior Sister, what are you doing? Could it be that you want to betray the Demi-Immortal Clan? "Yu Ze said coldly.
Seeing Luo Zheng holding the Ancestral Dragon and following behind Little Senior Sister, Yu Ze felt that something was very wrong. Now, Little Senior Sister actually turned around and stopped him. Yu Ze really could not understand this action, so he came to such a conclusion.
Who knew that Gu Pei 'er would shake her head lightly and say, "No, there's something more important."
"What's more important?!" Yu Ze angrily said. He had always respected his Little Senior Sister, but he really could not think of anything more important than the Ancestral Dragon. The purpose of their trip was to collect the newly hatched Ancestral Dragon and the infant Evil Dragon. Although the difficulty of this mission was not high, it was very important!
Gu Pei 'er thought for a moment. There were some things that she did not need to explain to Yu Ze, but seeing Yu Ze's furious expression, she still said, "I found the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda."
"Exquisite Pagoda?"
Yu Ze was slightly stunned, and then he understood … …
As a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, he had also entered the "Illusionary Pagoda" to train, and his name was on the first row with Gu Pei 'er.
At the same time, Yu Ze also knew that among the three pagodas used for training, one of them was lost!
These three pagodas were very important to the Demi-Immortal Clan. If they could find the Exquisite Pagoda, it was indeed not a small matter.
"But, but … … even if we found the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda, so what? We can't let this guy take away the Ancestral Dragon! " Yu Ze said unconvinced. The Exquisite Pagoda and the Ancestral Dragon were completely unrelated to each other, and there was no conflict between them.
Gu Pei 'er said, "No need to say more. Let's go find Boss Mo first. You will understand in a while."
Yu Ze gritted his teeth, but in the end, he did not say anything. He was very clear about his little senior sister's personality. Under normal circumstances, she was always laughing and joking, and it was very difficult for anything to make her completely serious.
But now, Gu Pei 'er was so serious. Could it be that something big had really happened?
So Gu Pei 'er walked at the front, and Luo Zheng walked behind with the little dragon in his arms. As for Yu Ze, he used a fierce gaze to stare at Luo Zheng, afraid that Luo Zheng would accidentally slip away again … …
The three of them maintained a constant speed as they flew above the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
The little dragon in Luo Zheng's arms used its furry head to rub against Luo Zheng's face, and from time to time, it would make "ji ji gu gu" sounds. It was like a human baby, acting spoiled in Luo Zheng's arms.
At this moment, a sorrowful roar suddenly rang out.
"Ao — —"
When the roar was heard, the little dragon in Luo Zheng's arms suddenly trembled and buried its little head into Luo Zheng's chest. It saw Luo Zheng as its mother, and believed that Luo Zheng could protect it!
That roar came from the Evil Dragon in the distance!
Boss Mo was leading the other four people, and they were constantly suppressing the Evil Dragon that was still in its infancy.
"Be careful! This Evil Dragon is going to seal itself and undergo its fourth transformation! "
"Stop it, or we'll be in big trouble!"
"Attack its neck, I've already cut a hole in its neck … …"
"Boom, boom … …"
One powerful attack after another landed on the Evil Dragon's body, and the surface of its body emitted rays of intense light.
At the edge of the crater, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were still staring blankly at the scene playing out in the sky, and their hearts were filled with shock!
The strength of these Reaching Divine Realm warriors was far beyond their imagination. However, the evil dragon's strength was just as horrifying. The evil dragon hadn't even matured yet. It was only equivalent to a Level-11 Ferocious Beast, which was equivalent to a human Divine Sea Realm warrior.
But this Evil Dragon was able to fight against multiple Ultimate Divine Realm warriors by itself. If this Evil Dragon were to mature, just how terrifying would its strength be in the future?
Of course, this was the worry of the Divine Sea Realm warriors. They couldn't even protect themselves right now, and most of them were thinking about their own fates … …