Without the ability to fight back, they would be at the mercy of others. These warriors understood this better than anyone else as they advanced towards the Divine Sea Realm.
They weren't even worth the time of these Ultimate Divine Realm warriors to kill them. However, once they subdued the evil dragon, their fate would be death.
Even though these Ultimate Divine Realm warriors had no reason to kill them, they also had no reason to let them go. Why would the strong need so many reasons to kill the weak?
At this moment, every Divine Sea Realm warrior had a different mentality.
Some people were unwilling to accept this, such as Battle Emperor Yu the Great. He was unlucky enough to be used by Ha Peng to lure the evil dragon out of its cave. In the end, he managed to survive. However, it wasn't because these guys let him go. It was because he was lucky that he wasn't swallowed by the evil dragon!
Battle Emperor Yu the Great's mind didn't stop at all. He was still thinking about how to get out of this predicament!
Some of the martialists, such as the Tianfeng War Emperor, gradually felt relieved as they waited. However, he regretted bringing Huo Yun 'er and Huo Chen into the Tian Chen Secret Territory. The Tianfeng War Emperor naturally felt bad when he thought about how his daughter and son were going to die in the Tian Chen Secret Territory.
As for Huo Yuner, she was extremely calm. She was wondering if Luo Zheng had escaped.
"Roar …"
At this moment, the evil dragon roared again. It twisted its long and narrow body and tried to crawl back into the pit.
"Don't let it crawl back in! Stop it! "someone shouted.
Boss Mo, who was wearing a silver mask and holding a crooked walking stick, blocked the entrance of the pit before anyone else could!
"Roar!"
Facing Boss Mo, the evil dragon seemed to be afraid of him. It spat out a blazing dragon's breath!
Boss Mo was wearing a mask, so no one could see his expression. He pointed his crutch lightly, and an irregular crystal shield appeared in front of his crutch. This crystal shield directly blocked all of the dragon's breath outside!
Seeing that the dragon's breath couldn't do anything to this person, the evil dragon opened its mouth and tried to swallow Boss Mo whole!
Although this evil dragon was not like those mature True Dragons whose gigantic bodies could cover an entire continent, it was still many times larger than Boss Mo.
Therefore, when the evil dragon opened its mouth, it looked like an eagle trying to swallow a mosquito. Compared to the evil dragon, Boss Mo's body was about the size of a mosquito!
Boss Mo waved the crutch in his hand and made a circle in the air. The tip of the crutch revealed a faint line in the air. Boss Mo muttered softly, "The sky is spinning and the earth is spinning. Go down!"
When the Evil Dragon came into contact with those lines, its huge body suddenly flipped over!
It was as if there was an invisible giant in the air, grabbing the evil dragon with its huge hands and throwing it to the other side!
"Boom …"
The Evil Dragon's gigantic body smashed into the ground, causing a small earthquake. The force spread to the surroundings, lifting up the ground and causing it to ripple like waves.
"Rumble …"
The warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms all fell to the ground due to the earthquake. Many of them were even hit by the flying rocks.
Fortunately, the cultivation of the corpses they occupied wasn't low. When the rocks hit them, they were smashed into pieces … These corpses were enough to protect the souls in their minds.
The evil dragon was thrown down by this huge force, but it didn't suffer much damage. After realizing that it couldn't return to its lair, the evil dragon curled up on the ground and dust started to fall around it …
"Oh no! Stop it! It's going to seal itself! " Boss Mo's expression changed when he saw this scene. He shouted as he rushed toward the evil dragon.
The other four didn't slow down either, especially the burly man. He spun the scythe in his hand and rushed toward the evil dragon in a flash.
However, when the burly man got close to the dust, a miraculous scene appeared.
The dust in front of them should be insignificant. Even mortals who didn't cultivate could at most cover their mouths and rush over.
However, the burly man couldn't rush in. The dust was like a natural barrier, blocking the burly man outside.
"Break!"
The burly man waved the scythe in his hand.
"Clang …"
The scythe slashed through the air, but when the scythe's blade cut through the dust, it only created a small spark. It couldn't cut through the dust at all.
Seeing this, the burly man's expression turned ugly.
Not only the tall and sturdy man, but the others also had ugly expressions. As for Boss Mo, he slowly floated over and used the walking stick in his hand to lightly point at the dust. He then said indifferently, "This is troublesome. This evil dragon really sealed itself up. This sealing power is a kind of instinct of a super divine beast …"
"How long will this seal last?" One of the Demi-Immortals asked.
Boss Mo said, "It won't be too short, but it won't be too long either. The problem isn't that it's sealing itself, but … while it's sealing itself, it'll undergo its fourth transformation! At that time … it won't be something that we can fight against. "
The evil dragon had only undergone three transformations, and it already needed several Ultimate Divine Realm warriors to fight against it. If it underwent its fourth transformation, its strength would increase by leaps and bounds. They would probably need the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortals to come out and deal with it. This was something that none of the Demi-Immortals wanted to see.
"What do we do now?" The burly man asked with a frown. Just now, he had activated his Blood Berserk and managed to injure the Evil Dragon with great difficulty. Just as he was about to take down the Evil Dragon, he did not expect the Evil Dragon's innate talent to be so powerful. What kind of bullshit Dusty Force was this?
Boss Mo shook his head and didn't reply. He was wearing a mask, so no one could see his expression. However, as the leader of the seven, everyone still had to listen to him.
At this time, three figures flew over from the horizon. Boss Mo glanced through the mask and said, "Let's not worry about this first. It seems that Gu Pei 'er's situation will be more troublesome."
"More troublesome?" The burly man looked up. When his gaze moved away from Gu Pei 'er, his bell-like eyes suddenly widened. At the same time, he said angrily, "Damn, that woman took out the Ancestral Dragon's egg? And the Ancestral Dragon hatched! How could it be in her hands?! "
The "her" the burly man was referring to was naturally Luo Zheng.
A middle-aged man who looked like a scholar also frowned, "What's wrong with Pei 'er? She was supposed to chase after that woman, but why did she let her take the Ancestral Dragon?"
Boss Mo sighed softly and said, "Sigh, although I increased my luck before this trip, it seems that someone's luck is even stronger than mine …"
He sighed, as if he had experienced many vicissitudes of life.
As a core member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, Boss Mo had obtained a decent title in the Illusory Tower, and a silver one at that …
After experiencing so many things, Boss Mo believed in luck more and more, and believed in fate more and more!
Therefore, when he saw Luo Zheng holding the Ancestral Dragon and following behind Gu Pei 'er, he didn't get angry. Instead, he sighed.
"Pei 'er, what's going on? Why is the Ancestral Dragon being held by her?! " The burly man stared at Luo Zheng, his voice was extremely unfriendly. Just now, the Evil Dragon sealed him, causing him to fail at the last step. The burly man's mood was already extremely bad. In the end, the matter of the Evil Dragon had not been resolved, and the Ancestral Dragon had hatched, and it was being held by a fleeing aboriginal …
Gu Pei 'er's eyes flashed slightly. She couldn't be bothered with the burly man and descended. At the same time, Luo Zheng and Yu Ze also descended.
At this time, Boss Mo asked faintly, "Pei 'er, what's going on? Did the Ancestral Gragon hatch when she rushed into the steeple? "
Gu Pei 'er nodded, "You can say that."
"The question is, how did she break my barrier?" The middle-aged man who looked like a scholar asked curiously. He couldn't imagine how Luo Zheng could break the barrier that he had painstakingly set up.
Gu Pei 'er smiled faintly and said, "He has the Black Star Pickaxe, a supreme artifact. Qing Feng, no matter how strong your barrier is, it can't block it. The Black Star Pickaxe contains the law of karma, which is much stronger than your own!"
＝＝＝＝＝