When they heard about the Black Star Pickaxe, the people from the Demi-Immortal Tribe finally understood.
Although the Black Star Pickaxe was not on the Weapon List in the Upper Realm, that was because it was just a pickaxe and was not suitable to be used as a weapon.
However, as a Supreme Artifact, the Black Star Pickaxe was very useful at certain times, so it was definitely famous.
The middle-aged man who looked like a scholar nodded. "No wonder. I was wondering why someone from the Lower Realm could break my enchantment!"
This Qing Feng had also obtained a title in the "Illusory Tower". Although it was a bronze title, the title was "Asura"! He was one of the best among all the bronze titled battle pet warriors! It was enough to make him very proud!
As far as he knew, it was impossible for the ants from the Lower Realm to break his enchantment. In his enchantment, there was a Karma Law of "relative defense". Among the natives from the Lower Realm, who knew how to use the Karma Law?
In fact, although Qing Feng's idea was not wrong, he had underestimated the warriors from the Lower Realm. For example, Cui Xie in the Central Domain used the Nameless Buddhist Commandment Blade to use the Karma Law. However, Cui Xie did not master the Karma Law. He only attracted the Wind of Life and Death from the Underworld River.
Luo Zheng's situation was roughly the same as Cui Xie's. He did not understand his own Karma Law. He only relied on the Karma Law of the Black Star Pickaxe to break Qing Feng's enchantment.
"Don't talk nonsense. Let's take the Ancestral Dragon first. Although it has hatched, the imprint can't be reversed. Let's go back to the tribe and think of other ways," the burly man said. He also felt a little strange that Gu Peier and Yu Ze did not take the Ancestral Dragon, but brought it over.
Boss Mo was the core of their group, and his brain was still better than the burly man. Seeing Gu Pei 'er's expression, Boss Mo asked: "Pei' er, did you discover something?"
Gu Peier nodded and said, "Yes! I found something important! "After thinking for a while, Gu Peier smiled and said," Very important! "
Hearing Gu Peier's serious emphasis, the other six people suddenly became curious and focused their eyes on Gu Peier.
"What important thing?" Boss Mo continued to ask.
Yu Ze chuckled, and spoke in front of Gu Pei 'er: "Little Senior Sister has discovered the whereabouts of the Twinklegem Pagoda! The Exquisite Pagoda should be in the Great Thousand World! "
"What? Exquisite Pagoda! "
"One of the three Training Towers, the Exquisite Tower? Hasn't it been lost for many years? "
"Pei 'er, are you serious?"
The others asked Gu Pei Er for confirmation.
Boss Mo paused for a moment before asking, "Pei 'er, is the Exquisite Pagoda really in the Great Wide World?"
Gu Pei 'er nodded, "Yes, it is almost certain that the Exquisite Pagoda was lost in this lower realm."
"Heavens, Boss Mo, our luck this time is indeed very good! It was just that this Evil Dragon was difficult to deal with! But this Exquisite Pagoda's value is immeasurable! "The burly man said with a laugh.
Qing Feng also nodded, "The Illusory Pagoda and the Exquisite Jade Pagoda are currently overcrowded. Two Training Towers are far from enough. If we can find the Exquisite Pagoda, it will definitely be a great achievement. Pei 'er, how do you know the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda?"
Gu Pei 'er pointed at Luo Zheng and said, "I got this information from this person."
"Kacha!"
The burly man waved the giant scythe in his hand, and it was embedded in the ground. He walked towards Luo Zheng and said coldly: "You, tell me the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda!"
Luo Zheng stared at the burly man indifferently and did not answer his question.
Seeing that the "woman" in front of him was ignoring him, the burly man took two steps and walked towards Luo Zheng. "Kid, I will ask you another question. If you know what's good for you …"
The burly man's threat was only halfway through, but Gu Pei 'er continued: "The important thing I said is not the whereabouts of the Exquisite Pagoda!"
The Exquisite Pagoda was extremely precious to the Demi-Immortal Clan. For the seven people in front of them, it was absolutely incomparably important. However, Gu Pei 'er said that the Exquisite Pagoda was not important. This made the other six people puzzled. Qing Feng and the others looked at Gu Pei' er strangely.
Boss Mo said indifferently: "The Exquisite Pagoda is not important? Is there anything more important than that? "
"She …" Gu Pei 'er pointed at Luo Zheng and continued: "She said that she went to the Exquisite Pagoda and took the test of the Talent Stele. She even saw my father's name on it!"
"Senior Gu?" Boss Mo asked.
Gu Heche's talent could only be listed in the first row. He did not get a title in the Exquisite Pagoda. However, talent was only one aspect that determined the height of a warrior's achievements. Even if he did not get a title, Gu Heche had a good position in the Demi-Immortal Clan. Therefore, Boss Mo had to respectfully call him senior.
Among the seven people present, only Gu Pei 'er and the burly man did not get a title on the Talent Stele. Among the other five people, Boss Mo got a silver title, and the remaining four had a bronze title.
Strictly speaking, Gu Pei 'er was not qualified to form a team with them. The reason why Gu Pei' er could participate in this operation was mainly because of her father, Gu Heche.
"Yes," Gu Pei 'er nodded, "This cannot be faked, so I believe that he did enter the Exquisite Pagoda!"
"Then what is more important than the Exquisite Pagoda? Can you tell us the key points? "The burly man continued to ask.
"It's still her!" Gu Pei 'er said again.
This time, Gu Pei 'er's words had confused the other six people. What did she mean?
The woman in front of them was indeed special. In the universe, there were not many creatures with golden pupils. It was possible that some of the descendants of the Dragon Clan had such pupils. However, just a descendant of the Dragon Clan was not enough to interest them too much.
"She said that she got a title in the Talent Stele, so she can be considered a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan," Gu Pei 'er said calmly.
Hearing this, Qing Feng smiled faintly, "Got a title, hehe, someone in the Lower Realm can get a title in the Exquisite Pagoda. This is strange! What is the color of the title, and what is the title? "
Among the warriors present, except for Boss Mo, Qing Feng's title was the most advanced. He was indeed very concerned about this issue.
"The title issue still needs to be verified," Gu Pei 'er thought for a while, then said, "She said she got a gold title."
When Gu Pei 'er's words just came out, the other six people's faces were extremely interesting!
The one with the most intense reaction was Qing Feng. He smiled proudly, then said, "Pei 'er, is there a bug in your head? Are you stupid? Do you know what you are talking about? "
Even Boss Mo shook his head slightly, "Pei 'er, you are still lacking some experience. How can you believe this kind of words?"
"Hahaha … Pei 'er, don't make me laugh to death! What nonsense are you talking about! "The burly man also laughed.
When Gu Pei 'er's words came out, they did not believe it at all.
In fact, Gu Pei 'er was also skeptical of Luo Zheng's words. After all, it was just his empty words, and there was no proof.
However, Gu Pei 'er trusted Luo Zheng based on her own judgment. She said, "Boss Mo, the Linglong Pagoda was lost a long time ago. As far as I know, before it was lost, the Linglong Pagoda had only been opened for a short period of time. Hence, no one had obtained a title from the pagoda. The golden Heaven rank title was said by her. If she did not see the title, how could she say it? There can't be such a coincidence in the world, right? "
Qing Feng snorted. "What if this kid knows something about the Demi-Immortal Clan? Or maybe someone else has obtained the title of Golden Demi-Immortal?"
"Others … there is no such possibility," Boss Mo shook his head.