Boss Mo was very sure of this point.
It was not that the warriors from the Upper World were arrogant and looked down on the creatures of the Lower World.
The number of living beings in the Boundless Thousand Worlds was indeed extremely large. It was almost impossible to count them. Many of the cultivators who had ascended to the Upper Realm also displayed extremely powerful talent and an extremely tenacious heart of martial arts!
Many of the creatures from the Lower World had achieved great things after ascending. Some of them were even conferred the title of Realm Lord, Celestial Lord …
But overall, there was still a considerable gap between the warriors from the Lower World and the Upper World. This gap was already limited at birth! And this limitation was almost everywhere.
For example, the vitality of the Upper World was much more violent than that of the Lower World. The creatures born from the vitality of the Upper World were naturally stronger than those from the Lower World.
In addition, there were also problems with resources, inheritance, and so on.
So when Gu Pei 'er suddenly said this, how could they believe it?
"Pei 'er, don't forget the most important point. This woman said that she was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, but I didn't feel any mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan on her body. What kind of recognition is this?" Qing Feng said again.
Everyone's eyes flashed. Indeed, because Gu Pei 'er's words were too shocking, they had forgotten this point.
To be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, one only needed to climb to the second level of the Talent Stele. At that time, the Talent Stele would quietly hide the mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan on the subject's body.
They could not feel any mark on Luo Zheng's body. This meant that Luo Zheng was either making things up, or he had indeed entered the Talent Stele and taken the test. But he was not even qualified to go to the second row …
Gu Peier nodded. "That's right. I didn't feel it either. However, this physical body of hers was not hers in the first place. She had taken it over …" Seeing the crowd continuously refuting her judgment, Gu Peier was also shaken. Although her previous logic supported Gu Peier's guess, now that she thought about it, this golden heavenly rank title was indeed somewhat inconceivable. She began to doubt it again.
"That's easy," the burly man said with a smile. "You just have to find her real body. What's so hard about that? Trying to impersonate a Demi-Immortal isn't easy at all!"
From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng had not said a single word. It was very unrealistic for him to fend off the seven of them by himself. Not to mention that Luo Zheng was only occupying Feng Nianyun's body. Even if Feng Nianyun's soul wasn't sealed, she probably wouldn't be able to fend off the seven of them even if she used her full strength.
An expert of this realm was an existence that could completely crush the entire Great Wide World.
At this time, Luo Zheng also understood that if he wanted to take this Ancestral Dragon away safely, Luo Zheng could only prove himself … Fortunately, he didn't lie.
Therefore, Luo Zheng said, "Yes, my physical body is outside the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land. If you don't believe me, you can come with me!"
Boss Mo pondered for a moment and turned to look at the dust-covered Evil Dragon. After thinking for a moment, he said, "The Evil Dragon is already covered in dust. I guess we'll have to invite someone else to remove the dust. It's not impossible …"
The burly man sneered, "It'll only take a moment to verify the truth. However, if you're lying and waste my time … Hehe!"
Luo Zheng nodded calmly. He looked at the group of Divine Sea Realm experts and said, "Please take them with you!"
The Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms were like wooden blocks. They stood there in a daze, listening to the conversation between Luo Zheng and these people.
They didn't understand the topic of the Demi-Immortal Tribe at all. They only vaguely understood that Luo Zheng wanted to prove something to them. No matter what, these people didn't directly attack Luo Zheng. Instead, they believed Luo Zheng's words. This brought them a ray of hope!
After all, a group of Divine Sea Realm experts, even if they didn't occupy the bodies, couldn't fight against seven Ultimate Divine Realm experts in their peak state.
Now that Luo Zheng asked them to take them out, a glimmer of hope rose in the hearts of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms.
Unexpectedly, the burly man glanced at these "wooden blocks" indifferently and said, "They're just a bunch of rats. Just kill them. It's too troublesome to take them out!"
When these words came out, the hearts of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms sank.
Their lives were worthless in front of these Ultimate Divine Realm experts.
"Hey, Yuan Bai is right. It's too troublesome to take them out. Just kill them." After speaking, Yu Ze walked towards Zhou Huang and the others with the black knife in his hand. Unable to move, he only needed one knife to completely obliterate the souls of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's golden pupils suddenly flashed with a touch of fierceness. "Stop!"
Yu Ze didn't listen to Luo Zheng. He raised the black knife in his hand. Black knife energy gradually spread along the back of the knife. It seemed that the knife was about to be chopped out.
At this moment, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms were wailing in their hearts. They never thought that they would die in this situation. How could they be willing to be killed so carelessly when they couldn't resist?
However, although they were wailing in their hearts, their bodies were completely out of control. Except for the resentment and hatred in their eyes, they couldn't even say a word.
Luo Zheng said coldly, "If we find the Exquisite Pagoda and prove that I really have the title of Golden Celestial Realm, then what?"
Hearing this, Yu Ze really stopped the black knife in his hand. He saw that Luo Zheng's tone was full of confidence. The corners of his mouth twitched and he mocked, "Oh? It seems that you're really sure that you have the title of Golden Celestial Realm? "
"Yes." Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he stared at Yu Ze.
"What if you don't?" Yu Ze continued to ask with a smile.
"In this Vast Thousand Domains, no one can be your enemy. At that time, you can do whatever you want to me … and us. It won't be difficult!" Luo Zheng said.
At this moment, Gu Pei 'er frowned and said, "Yu Ze, stop. It's not too late to verify it first."
Yu Ze's smile turned cold. At this moment, the black saber in his hand suddenly slashed out. However, this slash wasn't aimed at those Divine Sea Realm warriors. Instead, he tilted the edge of the black saber. A thick saber energy suddenly extended out, pulling out a black saber energy that was dozens of feet long. The end of the saber energy sank into the ground, shooting out into the distance!
"Whoosh …"
If one were to look down from above the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, they would see a thin line from the center of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land all the way to the edge of the Holy Land.
"Okay, I'll listen to Senior Sister!" Yu Ze smiled. For him, these rats couldn't be killed, so they didn't have much meaning.
Then, the flower in Gu Pei 'er's right eye spun gently and removed the binding force on the Heavenly Wind War Emperor and the others. At this moment, all the corpses regained their freedom.
Even after regaining the ability to move, none of the Divine Sea Realm experts chose to run away.
These corpses couldn't use True Yuan. They couldn't even fly with their physical bodies, let alone run fast. Moreover, they had no power to resist the seven Ultimate Divine Realm experts. Choosing to run away now was no different than courting death.
"Let's go. Your physical body shouldn't be too far from the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, right?" Qing Feng said calmly.
"How far can it be? The Great Thousand World itself isn't big. Hmph. "The burly man sneered.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. Instead, he said to the Heavenly Wind War Emperor and the others, "Everyone, let's go out together!"
The warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms nodded silently and followed behind Luo Zheng. The seven Ultimate Divine Realm Almighties followed at the very back of the group.
After leaving the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, it took them an incense stick's worth of time to repair the Teleportation Array. Everyone entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ocean again and returned along the Saint's Road.
However, when they returned to the Saint's Road, the Divine Sea Realm experts took out the giant shields in their hands. They wanted to use the shields to block the blue arrows.