Those blue arrows were powerful, but they couldn't penetrate Qing Feng's barrier.
Under the protection of this barrier, they easily passed through the Path of the Saint and entered the Divine Emperor Secret Realm.
"It turns out that this place is connected to a huge graveyard. No wonder you all went into the corpses. These corpses must have come from this graveyard, right?" Boss Mo asked.
Although the seven from the Demi-Immortal Tribe looked down on the strength of the warriors from the lower world, they admired them for coming up with this method to avoid the power of the blood sacrifice …
"Yes!" Luo Zheng nodded gently.
"So, where are your corpses?" Boss Mo asked again.
"On the other side of the Divine Emperor Island," Luo Zheng answered.
Generally speaking, when returning to the graveyard, the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms would place the corpses in their original places. For so many years, they had been doing this.
After all, there weren't many corpses that were so well-preserved, especially the corpses of the Divine Sea Realm. Every one they used was one less.
If the corpses were thrown away after each use, there wouldn't be many corpses left in the graveyard.
This time, the Divine Sea Realm warriors didn't do that. Instead, they directly controlled the corpses to go through the graveyard and to the seaside of the Divine Emperor Island.
There were still some Spirit Sea Realm warriors guarding the seaside of the Divine Emperor Island. After all, everyone's physical bodies were left at the seaside. If they didn't send anyone to stay here, it would be troublesome if their physical bodies were all destroyed in case something happened.
In addition, there were White Brow Daoist and Bai Yuerong. They didn't enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land.
Many shrines were lined up by the sea, and many corporeal bodies were sitting cross-legged on the ground, meditating.
"They're back. They're back!" A Divine Sea Realm warrior who stayed behind shouted.
Bai Yuerong and White Brow Daoist's eyes flashed. They stared at the corpses with strange expressions. "What happened? They directly controlled the corpses to come out? "Bai Yuerong asked in surprise.
As for Daoist White Brow, his eyes were fixed on the girl at the very front! In this young girl's arms, there was a furry little thing! Although its appearance was very strange and didn't look like a dragon, the aura that leaked out of it made White Brow Daoist very sure!
"Ancestral Dragon? They got it! " White Brow Daoist's face lit up with joy. He was about to fly over, but at this moment, he felt several powerful pressures!
There was no expert in the Great Thousand World who could make Daoist White Brow feel pressured!
Even Luo Zheng couldn't give White Brow Daoist such pressure. After all, although Luo Zheng had displayed powerful skills, his cultivation base was only at the Life and Death Realm. As for his strength … Putting aside the fact that he had merged with the will of the world, he was probably no different from an ordinary Divine Sea Realm warrior.
"Seven people! ..........................................
After a long journey, the Tianfeng War Emperor and the others finally returned to the Divine Emperor Island. Their expressions relaxed. No one was willing to put their soul into a corpse. It didn't feel good. But to avoid the power of blood sacrifice, they could only use such a clumsy method.
"Everyone, let's return to our bodies!" The Tianfeng War Emperor and the others had just escaped death. They couldn't be bothered with White Brow Daoist. Their souls left their corpses and flew back to their bodies!
After the corpses lost their souls, they fell to the ground one by one and scrambled to return to their bodies.
As for Luo Zheng, he wouldn't treat Feng Nianyun's body like that. Feng Nianyun wasn't dead. If he treated her body like that, she would probably go berserk.
Therefore, he found an open space and sat down. Then, his soul left his body and flew back to his body.
Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes. At this moment, he saw the newly born Ancestral Dragon running towards him!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression. Didn't the Ancestral Dragon have imprints? He was occupying Feng Nianyun's body. Logically speaking, he should see Feng Nianyun as his mother. Why was this little dragon running towards him?
As soon as this question popped up in his mind, Qinglong's faint voice drifted over. "The Ancestral Dragon does have imprints. However, its imprints aren't differentiated by appearance. They are differentiated by soul … But thank you, Luo Zheng. You did it!"
Previously, Luo Zheng's soul had left his body and distanced himself from Qinglong. Although the two maintained a connection, Qinglong couldn't observe the surroundings. Now that Luo Zheng had his body back, this problem naturally didn't exist!
Qinglong was naturally happy to see Luo Zheng bring the Ancestral Dragon with him.
"Ah, this guy is a man …"
Not far away, Gu Pei 'er saw a soul leave Feng Nianyun's body and enter the body of a man with delicate features. She couldn't help but cry out, and then a look of disappointment appeared on her face.
Beside her, Boss Mo looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and nodded slightly. "He does have the imprint of my Demi-Immortal Clan on him … This guy has been to the Twinklegem Pagoda."
"Even if he has the imprint, it doesn't mean he has a title. The second row of the Talent Stele is enough to leave the imprint," Qingfeng said lightly.
Boss Mo nodded and continued, "It doesn't matter. We can continue to verify. After all, we have to find the Twinklegem Pagoda eventually."
"Man, this guy is a man …" Gu Peier was now very conflicted. As for whether Luo Zheng was recognized by her Demi-Immortal Clan, she didn't care.
The newly born Ancestral Dragon didn't have the slightest sense of alienation between Luo Zheng and it jumped into Luo Zheng's arms and kept licking Luo Zheng. At this moment, White Brow Daoist walked towards Luo Zheng with a smile on his face and said, "Luo Tianxing, thank you for bringing the Ancestral Dragon out of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land!"
Holding the Ancestral Dragon in his arms, Luo Zheng glanced at White Brow Daoist and asked coldly, "Why are you thanking me?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, White Brow Daoist frowned and said, "We've been searching for this Ancestral Dragon egg for so long and haven't taken it out. Now that you've brought it out, I naturally have to thank you."
"Haha … You don't have to thank him, because the Ancestral Dragon doesn't belong to you." At this time, Yu Ze walked over slowly with the black saber in his hand.
They were all Divine Realm experts and both sides noticed each other in an instant. However, the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan didn't put White Brow Daoist in their eyes. White Brow Daoist thought that he was alone and the Ancestral Dragon was in Luo Zheng's hands, so he didn't pay attention to the seven people.
Hearing Yu Ze's words, White Brow Daoist's face suddenly darkened. "Where did you come from? I'm the subordinate of Thunder Punishing Skylord … "
White Brow Daoist knew that he was no match for the seven people in front of him. Fortunately, the force behind him was well-known in the world. Facing this group of experts of the same level as him, White Brow Daoist could only use the force behind him.
However, before he could finish his sentence, the burly man laughed and said, "You're using the Celestial Venerables to scare people. Haha, you can use this trick to swindle people in the lower realms, but since we're all from the Great Realm, there's no need to use this trick!"
"Swindle people?" White Brow Daoist narrowed his eyes.
At this time, Boss Mo said, "The weakest of the three forces of the Human Clan is Thunder Punishing Skylord. However, we can't comment on Skylord level experts!"
"It's good that you know!" White Brow Daoist smiled faintly. He could see that the man wearing the silver mask was the strongest. He might be able to fight the other six people one-on-one. However, he had no confidence in facing this man wearing the silver mask. Therefore, White Brow Daoist restrained himself.
"Putting aside Skylord experts, this Ancestral Dragon must belong to our Demi-Immortal Clan. It's impossible for other clans to get it," Boss Mo continued.
"Demi-Immortal Clan!" White Brow Daoist's eyelids suddenly trembled when he heard Boss Mo's words.
＝＝＝＝＝