Just like Feng Nianyun's reaction, White Brow Daoist was extremely conflicted when he heard that the seven of them were from the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
The Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't have a good reputation in the Upper Realm. This tribe had mixed origins and was few in number. However, almost every one of them was an elite.
The biggest problem was that these guys were a bunch of lunatics from head to toe!
Originally, White Brow Daoist was hoping to announce the name of the force behind him. Although the Thunder Punishing Skylord was the weakest of the three major forces of the human race, it still occupied two thousand great worlds in the Upper Realm. It wasn't inferior to any of the other tribes.
If he had known that this group of people were from the Demi-Immortal Tribe, White Brow Daoist wouldn't have even bothered to speak!
The problem was this Ancestral Dragon …
The Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms all retreated to the side. The Tianfeng War Emperor, Zhou Huang, and the others didn't say anything. After all, this Ancestral Dragon wouldn't fall into their hands no matter how much they fought over it. If the Supervisor wanted to boast about his strength, he could snatch it from the hands of this group of Divine Realm experts.
White Brow Daoist rolled his eyes and said, "So you are from the Demi-Immortal Tribe. However, this Ancestral Dragon, I've already …"
"No matter how much effort you've spent, it's impossible for these natives to enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land and obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg." Boss Mo rudely interrupted White Brow Daoist's words. "This Ancestral Dragon was originally hatched by us. That's why we took it out of the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land!"
Yu Ze and the burly man fiddled with the weapons in their hands. From time to time, they would stare at White Brow Daoist and grin. It seemed that they were looking forward to a battle with White Brow Daoist.
White Brow Daoist continued, "The Demi-Immortal Tribe can't be so unreasonable. I …"
Who knew that before White Brow Daoist could finish his words, Yu Ze and the burly man rushed towards White Brow Daoist!
They attacked without hesitation!
How terrifying was the speed of Divine Realm experts?
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, before they could even blink, the two men had already launched an aggressive attack on White Brow Daoist.
"Hu …"
However, White Brow Daoist's reaction was extremely fast. When the two men attacked, he also quickly retreated several hundred feet away. At the same time, he shouted, "Stop! Let's talk things over … "After saying that, a small shield in his hand expanded in the wind and transformed into rays of light, blocking in front of him.
Yu Ze and the burly man revealed a regretful expression. At the same time, they cursed and slowly retreated back to Boss Mo's side.
These White Brow Daoist. White brow, White Brow, White Brow Daoist. White Brow Daoist.
White Brow Daoist knew that he had no chance of winning. It seemed that he could only find a way to ask for help through the Reverse Spirit Channel. He glanced at Luo Zheng, who was holding the Ancestral Dragon. He felt strange. If the Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't lie and the Ancestral Dragon was hatched by them, why was the Ancestral Dragon following Luo Zheng?
Boss Mo didn't care about White Brow Daoist's thoughts. Their purpose was simple. They wanted to verify whether Luo Zheng really had a title. As for the Ancestral Dragon following Luo Zheng, they wouldn't forcibly take it back for the time being.
"Since you really have the mark of the Demi-Immortal Tribe, the next step is to find the Exquisite Pagoda." Boss Mo walked towards Luo Zheng. His tone had softened a lot. Because he felt the mark of the Demi-Immortal Tribe on Luo Zheng, he could indeed treat Luo Zheng as one of his own.
Luo Zheng nodded. He would never get involved in the dispute between White Brow Daoist and the Demi-Immortal Tribe. So Luo Zheng nodded. "Of course. I will take you to the Exquisite Pagoda."
After that, Luo Zheng's gaze focused on Feng Nianyun's body. At the same time, he asked Qinglong in his mind, "What … what about Feng Nianyun?"
"Sigh, she is under the Soul Seal Technique. Although her body is alive, it is no different from being dead. Only after finding someone to undo the Soul Seal Technique will she be able to recover. However, the Soul Seal Technique is a secret technique of the Soul Tribe. There are too few creatures who are good at it …" Qinglong sighed. The nine True Dragons had a close relationship with Feng Nianyun. Qinglong was naturally very concerned about her.
Since he had brought Feng Nianyun out this time, Qinglong naturally wanted to help Feng Nianyun.
However, at this moment, he saw Gu Peier walking towards Feng Nianyun with a face full of disappointment …
"Is this just an empty shell? A body without a soul … "Gu Peier muttered as she stared at Feng Nianyun. At the same time, she reached out to touch Feng Nianyun's face. She was interested in Feng Nianyun, but she had no interest in Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was a little speechless. Gu Peier was indeed a weirdo. He guessed that Feng Nianyun was starting to get angry in her inner world.
Sure enough, at this moment, Feng Nianyun's consciousness suddenly transmitted. "You are the body without a soul!"
"Oh! There is another soul? "Gu Peier's face suddenly revealed a look of pleasant surprise.
At this moment, Luo Zheng said to Gu Peier, "Her soul is sealed in her inner world."
"Sealed in her inner world?" Gu Peier's eyes suddenly flashed. Then she said, "The Soul Seal Technique?"
Although it was a secret technique of the Soul Clan, the Soul Seal Technique was even more famous. Moreover, Gu Peier was originally proficient in soul cultivation techniques. When she heard that Feng Nianyun's soul was sealed in her inner world, Gu Peier instantly guessed it.
Luo Zheng nodded. He had an idea in his mind. Since Qinglong couldn't undo the Soul Seal Technique, could he borrow the silver-haired woman's hand? Weren't there many capable people in the Demi-Immortal Clan?
"You … can you help her undo the Soul Seal Technique?" Luo Zheng asked.
Gu Peier's expression immediately turned serious. Only those who understood the Great Soul Sealing Technique would understand how difficult it was to undo it. Gu Peier thought for a moment, and seemed to have made up her mind about something. She then said, "I can undo it, but …"
There was hope. Luo Zheng's heart was slightly happy, but he quickly asked, "But what?"
Gu Peier said, "But there is a condition!"
"What condition?" This time, before Luo Zheng could ask, Feng Nianyun in her inner world spoke first.
In the past hundred thousand years, because of the Soul Seal Technique, she had obtained a lifespan that far exceeded that of ordinary warriors. Her body had even stopped aging, and the Deva's Decay hadn't come for a long time. In fact, the Soul Seal Technique was one of the methods that some Upper Realm warriors used to extend their lifespan.
The problem was that in the past hundred thousand years, she could only be alone in her inner world, slowly building a world that belonged to her …
Even in her dreams, Feng Nianyun hoped that someone could undo her Soul Seal Technique.
Now that Gu Peier said that she could undo it, even if she hated Gu Peier, Feng Nianyun was extremely excited at this moment.
Gu Peier chuckled and temporarily forgot about Luo Zheng. She returned to her cheerful nature and said with a smile, "But you have to marry me. Is that okay?"
"Cough cough …" Hearing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but cough violently.
When the others of the Demi-Immortal Clan heard this, they couldn't help but shake their heads. They knew Gu Peier's personality and even more so her preferences.
Feng Nianyun was silent in her inner world. At this moment, she didn't know what to say.
She was different from Gu Peier. She couldn't fall in love with a woman no matter what. But in comparison, the Soul Sealing Technique brought Feng Nianyun much more torment.
Seeing that Feng Nianyun wasn't responding to her, Gu Peier blinked and said, "You know that it's quite troublesome to undo your Soul Seal Technique. I can ask someone to help me, but I'll have to pay a hefty price! This condition isn't too much, right? "
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. He hugged the Ancestral Gragon in his arms and didn't say anything. The relationship between these two women didn't have much to do with him.
Now that he had left the Tianchen Sacred Land, he had temporarily brought the Ancestral Gragon with him. He had also obtained the life crystal to save Ning Yudie. This time, he would first return to the Central Domain to wake Ning Yudie up, then take this group of people to the Sea God Continent.
Feng Nianyun and Gu Peier talked about something, but Gu Peier finally revealed a satisfied smile. It seemed that the two of them had come to an agreement.