The seven of them couldn't solve the matter of the Evil Dragon's Dust Seal, so they could only ask the Demi-Immortal Clan to send other almighty experts down.
In comparison, the Exquisite Pagoda was more important.
Although Boss Mo and the others didn't believe that Luo Zheng really had the title of Gold Demi-Immortal, they really wanted to see how Luo Zheng was recognized by the Talent Stele. Was his talent ranked in the second row or the first row? Or did he get a Bronze Title?
They needed to verify all these.
However, Luo Zheng replied indifferently, "I will take you to the Exquisite Pagoda, but before that, I have something important to do."
Initially, after Luo Zheng obtained the Life Crystal, he planned to return to the Central Domain as soon as possible. However, he promised Qinglong that he would enter the Heavenly Star Secret Realm to obtain the Ancestral Dragon egg, so there was a slight delay.
Now, this Ancestral Dragon was following him, but it was hard to say where it belonged.
Even if this Ancestral Dragon had his mark, the Demi-Immortal Clan would never give up. Moreover, White Brow Daoist was eyeing him covetously. It seemed that White Brow Daoist wouldn't give up either.
At present, Luo Zheng was the least anxious. Whether it was White Brow Daoist's side or the Demi-Immortal Clan's side, they didn't show any absolute malice towards him. Moreover, he had indeed obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal in the Exquisite Pagoda. What should he do next, Luo Zheng just needed to cooperate. However, before that, he had to return to the Central Domain to save Ning Yudie's life!
"Important matter? Don't tell me you don't dare to go? " Yuze said coldly. Even if Luo Zheng had the mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan, it was only recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Yuze felt that Luo Zheng was bragging and didn't dare to verify it with them.
Hearing Yuze's question, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I'm not from the Divine Kingdom Continent. I only came to the Divine Kingdom Continent to find medicine and save people! If you don't believe me, you can slowly search in the Great Wide World. The Great Wide World isn't that big for you, right? "
The Great Thousand World wasn't that big, but it was still difficult to pinpoint the exact location of the Seagod Continent. The four Divine Kingdoms were relatively close to the Central Domain, but the Seagod Continent was very far away. It wasn't that the Demi-Immortals couldn't do it, it was just that Luo Zheng didn't provide them with the coordinates and directions, so the Demi-Immortals couldn't find the Exquisite Pagoda in a short time.
"Hmph, isn't that simple? Directly searching your soul will do. Little Senior Apprentice Sister is most proficient in this kind of method, right? "Yu Ze continued to say with a cold smile.
Luo Zheng's expression darkened. But then Gu Pei 'er said, "He's been acknowledged by the Demi-Immortal Clan. If he joins us in the future, we'll all be colleagues. Yuze, can you not speak like that?"
Yu Ze snickered and continued, "Just a Lower Realm martial artist. Being fortunate enough to be able to get on the Talent Stele's list, at best, it's just leaving his name on the second row! Colleagues? Is this guy qualified? "
Gu Pei 'er shook her head. This Yu Ze sometimes spoke without thinking. Compared to other people, she still had a faint glimmer of hope. After all, Luo Zheng really didn't seem to be lying! Then Gu Pei 'er said, "If he's telling the truth, if he really has a Gold Demi-Immortal title, what should we do?"
If it was really confirmed that Luo Zheng's talent was worthy of a Gold Demi-Immortal title, it would be a big deal for the entire Demi-Immortal Clan!
"Haha," Yu Ze laughed and said, "Little Senior Apprentice Sister, you've always been astute. I can't believe you actually believe this kid's words. I …"
Beside them, Qing Feng, the burly man, and the others also laughed. If Luo Zheng had lied about having a Silver Demi-Immortal title or a Bronze Demi-Immortal title, they might have believed it. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's title sounded too unbelievable. If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it even if they were beaten to death.
"If it's true, what do you plan to do?" Gu Pei 'er looked serious and stared at Yu Ze. She didn't know why, but this time, Gu Pei' er chose to believe Luo Zheng. Maybe it was purely her sixth sense, but she really had a hunch that this matter wasn't fake!
"Xiu, xiu, xiu …"
Yu Ze gently turned the black saber in his hand and placed it in front of him. He said indifferently, "If it's true, I'll swallow the Onyx Saber!"
"Really?" Gu Pei 'er blinked her eyes and smiled.
Yu Ze nodded hard, "Really!"
Looking at the two people betting like this, Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression. This Onyx Saber was unusually sharp. It was at least a Supreme Artifact. This guy was going to swallow it. Let's see if he could swallow it when the time came!
"You two, stop fooling around." Boss Mo said to Luo Zheng, "Since you said you want to go back to save people, then leave immediately. We can take you there. It won't take much time!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng laughed instead!
Right now, there should be a terrible storm in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Even a Divine Sea Realm expert would find it difficult to pass through. Even though Luo Zheng was a Life and Death Realm warrior, if he forced his way through the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there was a possibility that he would die!
The magical powers of these Ultimate God Realm warriors were almost unimaginable. If they could take him back to the Central Domain, it would be the best thing for him.
"In that case, we'll leave immediately!" After saying that, Boss Mo waved his hand, and a blood-red rune appeared in his hand. He threw it casually, and the blood-red rune formed a huge red cross. Then, the cross was firmly engraved on the ground.
"What is that?" Some warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms asked in a low voice.
"Hmph, it's just a locator talisman used by the Demi-Immortal Clan! Through special means, they can come back here at any time! " Daoist White Eyebrows said coldly. His face was still very ugly. Daoist White Eyebrows had heard the conversation between Luo Zheng and them clearly. It seemed that Luo Zheng had been tested in the Trial Tower of the Demi-Immortal Tribe?
The Demi-Immortal Tribe didn't have a good reputation in the universe, but it was very famous. Daoist White Eyebrows also knew about the three Trial Towers of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. It was said that they had lost one Trial Tower? When did Luo Tianxing go through the Trial Tower's test?
When Luo Zheng was crossing the tribulation, Daoist White Eyebrows already knew that this kid had opened the Mahayana Lotus! At that time, Daoist White Eyebrows was overjoyed. For him, the Ancestral Dragon egg was an important matter, but Luo Zheng was even more important.
Just now, when he saw Luo Zheng holding the Ancestral Dragon on the Divine Emperor Island, he was overjoyed. He didn't expect the Demi-Immortal Tribe to come in. Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng had been tested in the Trial Tower and was marked with the mark of the Demi-Immortal Tribe …
Therefore, at this moment, Daoist White Eyebrows felt a trace of despair in his heart, and his face became very gloomy.
After setting up the positioning talisman, Boss Mo raised his crutch again and waved it gently toward the void. Then, he chopped down, and an irregular space crack appeared out of thin air.
"Qing Feng, open it," Boss Mo immediately ordered.
After Qing Feng nodded, he walked toward the space crack that was ten feet high. He stretched out his hand, and a boundary shot out from his hand. Then, the boundary began to expand rapidly. There was a burst of crackling sounds in the passage, and the space crack was opened by Qing Feng's boundary, forming a small "space hole".
At this time, the martial artist named Ha Peng took out an eight trigrams wheel that was several feet wide. This eight trigrams wheel expanded in the wind. It seemed that this was their group's flying magic weapon.
After Boss Mo, Yun Ze, and the others jumped on it, Gu Peier looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Okay, let's go!"
Luo Zheng nodded, but his eyes were fixed on Huo Yuner, King Yan, and the others. Although he didn't stay in the Divine Kingdom Continent for long, he made many friends!
Huo Yuner, King Yan, and the others all had different thoughts. Previously, Luo Zheng had saved them several times. This time, in the Tianchen Mystery Land, if it wasn't for Luo Zheng, they wouldn't have been able to come back. Not only them, but even their fathers, all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the four Divine Kingdoms, probably wouldn't have been able to come back!
Therefore, besides being grateful to Luo Zheng, King Yan and the others were also reluctant to part with him.
The current situation didn't allow them to communicate too much. Even the four Monarchs chose to remain silent in front of this group of Divine Realm experts.
Under their gazes, Luo Zheng just smiled and said, "I will be back!"