Seeing his daughter suddenly rush out, the Tianfeng War Emperor's expression changed.
Although he was a monarch of the Divine Kingdom Continent and was definitely one of the top figures in the lower realm, he was nothing in front of this group of Divine Realm experts!
What was worse was that these seven people had been acting a little crazy since the beginning. He was afraid that his daughter's actions would provoke these people! The Tianfeng War Emperor wanted to stop her, but his daughter rushed out like a sharp arrow. He couldn't stop her in time.
The Tianfeng War Emperor was most concerned about Huo Yuner, so he knew her character very well. He had long seen that his daughter liked Luo Zheng, but she had always been gentle and reserved. He didn't expect her to be so impulsive.
Huo Yuner rushed out and finally stopped in front of Luo Zheng. She stared at Luo Zheng with her beautiful eyes. There was no smile on her face, but her expression was very serious.
Huo Yuner bit her lips and asked softly, "Are you really coming back?"
Seeing Huo Yuner's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and nodded seriously. "Of course I will come back."
She looked like she wanted to say something, but it was just a moment of impulse. Now that she realized that everyone was looking at her, she blushed shyly. However, this hesitation only lasted for a breath's time. For a young girl, some things were indeed difficult, but she made up her mind. She took the necklace from her chest, walked forward, and put it on Luo Zheng's neck.
The necklace wasn't expensive, but it was a keepsake for her.
Huo Yuner then said, "I'll wait for you to come back!" She forced a smile and turned to leave.
Wearing the necklace, Luo Zheng looked at Huo Yuner's back with a complicated expression. He nodded silently and got on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams. As for Yuze and the burly man's faint smile, Luo Zheng chose to ignore them.
In addition to Luo Zheng and the seven members of the Demi-Immortal Clan, Feng Nianyun was also brought into the Eight Trigrams Wheel.
As the Eight Trigrams Wheel rotated slowly, it carried everyone into the Space Hole. After a while, the Eight Trigrams Wheel disappeared before the eyes of the people from the Divine Kingdom. After Qing Feng removed the boundary that propped up the Space Crack, the Space Crack quickly recovered. The Space Crack was actually a "wound" of the entire Vast Thousand World. However, the Vast Thousand World originally had a certain "self-healing" ability, so the Space Crack was just an insignificant wound to the entire world. The Space Crack quickly recovered and gradually dissipated. However, if a warrior who was proficient in the Law of Space was able to see the shadow in that area, that was the weakness of the space.
In the eyes of the warriors of the four Divine Kingdoms, the Demi-Immortal Tribe was like a plague. As soon as they disappeared, the Divine Sea Realm warriors felt relieved.
Only Daoist White Eyebrows had a dark face.
At this moment, Bai Yuerong said, "Supervisor, do we still need to report Luo Zheng's information?"
"Humph, report! Why didn't he report it? Today, we will open the Reverse Spirit Channel! The Demi-Immortal Tribe's hands are too long! "Daoist White Eyebrows could no longer suppress the anger in his heart. He almost roared out these words.
In Daoist White Eyebrows' view, whether it was Luo Zheng or the Ancestral Gragon, they must be discovered by him! If the Demi-Immortal Tribe wanted to get their hands on them, they would have to see if they had the ability to do so!
As for Daoist White Eyebrows' anger, the Divine Kings turned a blind eye to it. They were lucky to be able to keep their lives thanks to Luo Zheng. After tidying up, they set off and left the Heavenly Feather Sacred Sea. The power of the blood sacrifice had slowly begun to recover. They had to leave this place before the power of the blood sacrifice fully recovered …
In the darkness, the Eight Trigrams Wheel was shuttling back and forth rapidly.
There was no light in the Space Crack, and nothing existed. On the other side of the Vast Thousand World was a void.
After Luo Zheng pointed out the direction, Ha Peng controlled the Eight Trigrams Wheel to move forward, and its speed became faster and faster. This time, after passing through the Chaotic Astral Ocean and walking on the other side of the world, they would not be threatened by the deadly storm at all.
Previously, Luo Zheng and Yun Longtao had fought in the void, but only for a very short time. This time, however, they were going to travel a long distance in the void.
At first, Luo Zheng was somewhat curious. However, the surroundings were pitch-black, as if nothing existed. Luo Zheng withdrew his gaze and sat on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. After thinking for a while, he asked, "Is there nothing in the void?"
The seven people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe were also sitting cross-legged on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. When Yuze heard Luo Zheng's question, he said sarcastically, "Nonsense, why else would it be called the void?"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. Among these people, except for Boss Mo and Gu Peier, the others were not easy to get along with. They were either very arrogant, or like this guy, they spoke very unpleasant words. Therefore, Luo Zheng simply did not speak. He closed his eyes and sat cross-legged in meditation.
However, at this time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a gloomy and cold aura sweeping towards him!
At the same time, the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe opened their eyes, especially Boss Mo, who suddenly stood up and frowned.
It seemed that it was not only Luo Zheng who felt the gloomy and cold aura, but everyone felt it. Gu Peier frowned and asked, "What's that?"
Boss Mo's expression was very cold, "Bad luck, it seems that we have encountered a shadow creature!"
"What the hell is a shadow creature?" Yuze shouted.
Qing Feng opened his mouth and said, "It's a creature that lives on the other side of the world. Therefore, I have to correct you. There is something in the void! Although the number of shadow creatures is rare, they are very strong. We are in trouble! "
"Why is there such a thing …" Yuze's expression was unnatural. He had just used this to teach Luo Zheng a lesson. In the end, this shadow creature appeared, which was equivalent to reality slapping him hard in the face.
As for Luo Zheng, he rolled his eyes. He never liked to argue with idiots.
"Huhuhu …"
In the darkness, even these Divine Realm warriors could not see clearly what was going on in the distance. Moreover, the Eight Trigrams Wheel was still flying at high speed. When they heard this sound, everyone immediately became nervous. Everyone began to look around, but they could not find the shadow creature!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a wisp of emerald green light flashed in his pupils. After the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupil was activated, the darkness in the void slowly disappeared and was replaced by a green world. After he looked around, his gaze fell on the back. At the same time, his face revealed a look of horror, and he shouted, "What is that!"
Tens of thousands of feet behind the Eight Trigrams Wheel, there was a gigantic head that was following it at a high speed!
That head looked like a human's head, but its size was comparable to a huge mountain. Behind this head hung a thick python, which seemed to be the head's hair!
Using the Clear Eyes Spirit Pupil, Luo Zheng saw the huge head in the distance, but the others could not see it.
"What did you see?" Boss Mo asked nervously. Any shadow creature was not easy to deal with, and this was the reason why he was nervous. As for how Luo Zheng saw the shadow creature, although Boss Mo was curious, he did not ask.
Luo Zheng stared at the approaching head, and then he replied, "A head, a huge head!"
"A head?"
Boss Mo pondered for a moment, and his eyes suddenly revealed a look of fear. Then he said, "So unlucky? In the shadows of the Great Thousand World, there is such a thing? "
Qing Feng's face was also very ugly. At this moment, even his voice was trembling, "Oh no, quickly, quickly leave this void!"
"Leave the void? But the outside world should be the sky of the Chaotic Astral Ocean! This Star Sea Storm is also … "Luo Zheng said.
Boss Mo snorted, "Compared to that thing, the Star Sea Storm is just a child's play! Qing Feng, get ready! " After that, Boss Mo waved the crutch in his hand forward again. It could be seen that this time, Boss Mo almost exerted all his strength, and the crutch seemed to be mixed with a great force.
"Rip!"
Because the force was too great, the space exploded together, and it sounded extremely harsh, as if tens of thousands of people were tearing a huge piece of cloth at the same time!
＝＝＝＝＝