The huge crack in front of them was suddenly torn open. Qing Feng clapped his hands together forcefully. Then, his hands separated and intertwined, and a boundary instantly opened up the crack in the space.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
At this moment, the thing behind them was getting closer and closer.
Even if he did not use his Clear Eyes Spirit Eyes to observe, he could see a huge silhouette with his naked eyes. It was indeed a head, and that head had already opened its huge mouth, wanting to swallow the Eight Trigrams Wheel in one gulp!
The big mouth was like a huge cave. As for the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, it was less than five feet wide. Compared to the big mouth, it was as small as a mosquito.
When everyone looked back, they could even see that there were many shadow creatures hiding in the big mouth. Because the light was too dim, they couldn't distinguish the shapes of those shadow creatures. They could only vaguely see their horrifying silhouettes.
The shadow creature was drifting at an extremely fast speed. The distance between it and Luo Zheng and the others was rapidly closing. Looking at the momentum, they were afraid that they would be swallowed by the head in one gulp before they could pass through the crack!
At this moment, Ha Peng gritted his teeth and suddenly took out a sharp weapon. He ruthlessly cut his wrist and slapped his palm on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams!
"Puchi!"
A stream of golden blood suddenly splashed out. As soon as it splashed on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, it was absorbed by the Wheel of Eight Trigrams.
"Let's go!"
"Whoosh …"
After absorbing Ha Peng's blood, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams suddenly emitted a bright light around it. Its speed instantly increased by more than two times!
With the help of the flickering light of the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, everyone could see the creature in the big mouth. Luo Zheng, Gu Pei 'er, the burly man, and the others all took a deep breath.
As for Qing Feng and Boss Mo, although they looked nervous, they seemed to have guessed what it was. Therefore, they didn't have such a shocked expression.
After the speed increased, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams drilled into the crack in an instant!
However, the shadow creature only emitted a cold and gloomy aura. That aura covered the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, and everyone couldn't help but shiver.
This cold and gloomy aura contained the negative will of killing, blood, cruelty, and at the same time, a trace of unwillingness!
"Hmph! That thing can only survive in the void. Once it leaves the void, it's like a fish out of water. It can't survive and it doesn't dare to chase after us … "Boss Mo snorted coldly and said after rushing out of the void. However, his face was still ghastly pale.
However, as soon as his voice fell, the sound of wind howled in everyone's ears. Millions of sharp wind blades circled above everyone's heads!
"What the f * ck is this!" Yu Ze screamed.
From the bottom of their hearts, the Paramount God experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan didn't think much of the lower realms. Little did they know that there were exceptions in the Greater Thousand Worlds.
The green Wind Blades contained the fourth level of the Laws of Wind, while the black Wind Blades were like quenched black blades that contained the fifth level of the Laws of Wind.
Previously, when they heard Luo Zheng's warning that the storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea was very powerful, they thought, how powerful could it be? Just like the power of blood sacrifice in the Heavenly Feather Holy Sea, in the eyes of the Divine Sea experts of the four Divine Kingdoms, it was an existence that they couldn't get close to. They could only enter through corpses. However, for the seven of them, it wasn't an obstacle at all.
Now, it seemed that they had indeed underestimated this vast storm!
"Dang, dang, dang …"
Seven or eight black Wind Blades shot toward them. At this moment, the giant scythe in the burly man's hand shook slightly. The fiery red giant scythe rolled up and cut the Wind Blades into pieces.
However, it was obvious that the burly man had used eighty to ninety percent of his strength! Under the huge counterforce, the entire Wheel of Eight Trigrams began to shake violently.
Perhaps they weren't afraid of a few Wind Blades, but the Wind Blades in this storm were almost innumerable …
After cutting down a few Wind Blades, there were tens of thousands of green Wind Blades in front of them. There were also thousands of black Wind Blades shooting toward them.
"Qing Feng! What are you waiting for? Hurry up and set up a barrier! "Yu Ze roared.
Qing Feng glared at Yu Ze. He clapped his hands, and a barrier enveloped everyone. Then, he said coldly, "My barrier can't stop the fifth level of the Laws of Wind!"
As soon as his voice fell, a violent knocking sound came from the barrier. Then, everyone saw Qing Feng's barrier suddenly shatter!
Qing Feng's barrier did contain the Laws of Causality, but the Laws of Causality he comprehended were of a lower level. Among the Laws of Heaven, although the Laws of Causality were superior, there were still differences between them. A lower level Law of Causality might not be able to resist a higher level Law of Origin! Moreover, there were so many Wind Blades!
"I can't count on you!" The Onyx Blade in Yu Ze's hand shook slightly. Suddenly, a black aura bloomed from the blade. Then, as he waved it crazily, hundreds of black blade energies shot forward.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
As the Saber Qi and the Wind Blades intertwined, a series of dull sounds erupted. Yu Ze's black Saber Qi was also extremely powerful, but it could only shatter those green Wind Blades. As for the black Wind Blades, they directly ate his Saber Qi!
"Whoosh!"
Several black Wind Blades pierced through Yu Ze's blade energies and rushed toward Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose, and his expression suddenly changed! At this moment, everyone was using their own methods to resist the chaotic blade energies. Luo Zheng couldn't count on these Ultimate God Realm experts.
"Be careful!" Gu Pei 'er noticed this scene. However, she had just dodged three Wind Blades, so she couldn't help Luo Zheng.
Facing the black Wind Blades that were close at hand, Luo Zheng clenched his fists. The power of the dragon scales surged, and he suddenly punched those Wind Blades!
"Idiot, it will directly cut off your hand!" Yu Ze saw this scene and scolded. Even Ultimate God Realm experts like them didn't dare to meet the Wind Blades that had the power of Law at the fifth level. Even if he used the Onyx Blade in his hand, he was afraid that a crack would appear on it. How could Luo Zheng have the courage to meet it head-on?
"Bang bang bang bang bang …"
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to Yu Ze. He waved his fists, and a huge force exploded above the Wind Blades. Immediately, the black Wind Blades were shattered!
However, Luo Zheng's body didn't suffer any damage.
Seeing this scene, Yu Ze was stunned. At this moment, he even forgot to resist the Wind Blades. He stared blankly at Luo Zheng, and felt that he couldn't understand this guy.
What was this guy's body made of? A Divine Artifact? A Supreme Artifact? Even an existence that surpassed a Supreme Artifact …
As for Gu Pei 'er, Qing Feng, Boss Mo, Ha Peng, and the others, when they were resisting the Wind Blades, they also noticed this scene from the corner of their eyes.
Because Luo Zheng was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, they thought highly of Luo Zheng. However, before they saw whether Luo Zheng really had a title, in their eyes, Luo Zheng was just a talented warrior from the lower realm!
As for Luo Zheng's strength, they didn't even bother to test it …
After all, a 1st level Life and Death Realm warrior wasn't worth the attention of a group of Ultimate God Realm experts.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, even White Brow Daoist, a Ultimate God Realm warrior, wasn't put in their eyes by the seven Demi-Immortal Clan experts. In the Demi-Immortal Clan, every one of them was an elite. Although the human race was powerful, that was only in terms of overall strength. The gap between an ordinary Ultimate God Realm warrior and a Demi-Immortal Clan expert was huge.