Of course, the seven of them didn't know that Luo Zheng had destroyed eight black wind blades!
About 1,500 miles away from them, on a mountain that was 300 to 400 feet above the sea surface, eight muffled noises were heard.
That mountain was colorful. Even though it had been swept by the terrible storm of the Chaotic Astral Sea for thousands of years, and millions of black wind blades had not left a single mark on it …
This mountain was the Divine Magnetic Mountain that was submerged in the Chaotic Astral Sea!
Most of the Divine Magnetic Mountain was buried under the sea surface, and only a part of it was exposed. No matter how the waves rolled and the wind blades slashed, this extremely sturdy mountain remained unmoved.
This time, Luo Zheng had learned his lesson. When he was fighting against the terrible power at the end of the Heavenly Tribulation, he had transferred all his power to the five million mountains in the Great Thousand World. Except for the Eastern Region, all the other mountains were destroyed!
Luo Zheng didn't want the whole Great Thousand World to be destroyed because of him. After thinking about it, he realized that he was a bit stupid. The Divine Magnetic Mountain was impervious to all things, so he should have transferred the terrible power to it. Unfortunately, the situation was so serious that he didn't think of it.
Now that Luo Zheng had learned his lesson, he wouldn't make the same mistake again.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
The Eight Trigrams Wheel flew forward, and the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe used their own methods to fight against the dense black wind blades.
Boss Mo waved his walking stick and said anxiously, "Qing Feng, we can't go on like this! Show me what you have! "
Hearing Boss Mo's words, Qing Feng gritted his teeth and showed a reluctant expression. "I've used my Seven Stars Plate five times … If I waste it again …"
Qing Feng did have a treasure called the Seven Stars Plate. This Seven Stars Plate was comparable to a Supreme Artifact, but it couldn't be used indefinitely. It could only be used seven times. Over the years, Qing Feng had relied on the Seven Stars Plate to survive several disasters. It could be said that the seven chances of using the Seven Stars Plate were equal to his seven lives!
He really didn't want to waste one of the chances here!
"This Chaotic Astral Ocean is very vast. We don't know how long it will take to cross it. Do you think we can hold on?" Boss Mo said coldly.
Qing Feng rolled his eyes and said reluctantly, "Boss, can't you use the Sacred Blood Secret Technique?"
"Hmph!" Hearing this, Boss Mo's face darkened and he glared at Qing Feng.
Qing Feng reluctantly took out a milky white plate from his Sumeru Space …
Hearing their conversation, Luo Zheng was quite speechless. Everyone was in a crisis, and they were in the same boat, but these guys were still hiding something.
However, this was only because they were skilled and daring. If it were the Spirit Sea Realm warriors from the four Divine Kingdoms, they would have been torn to pieces by these wind blades.
After activating the Seven Star Plate, the black pupils in Qing Feng's eyes emitted rays of dazzling starlight. Although it was broad daylight and there was a heavy storm above his head, there were still seven stars shining brightly in the sky!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. The principle of the Seven Star Plate seemed to be similar to the "Star Battle Body" that Red Dragon taught him. However, Luo Zheng's "Star Battle Body" was connected to himself, while Qing Feng connected to the seven stars through the Seven Star Plate in his hand. Moreover, his Seven Star Plate seemed to have a limit on the number of times it could be used.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
A milky white barrier appeared above the Seven Star Plate. After it appeared, the barrier expanded against the wind and quickly spread out in all directions.
In a short while, everyone was shrouded in it!
"Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff …"
Countless wind blades bombarded the milky white barrier, but the barrier was constantly dented. The barrier itself seemed to be very soft, but there was a strong toughness hidden in its softness!
"It's okay. The Seven Star Plate's isolation force is not something that these black wind blades can cut," Qing Feng said helplessly. Although his barrier had blocked these fatal wind blades, he was still very unwilling to use the Seven Star Plate once.
Seeing this, everyone heaved a deep sigh of relief. Whether it was Gu Peier, Yu Ze, or the others, they all showed a trace of relief on their faces.
Boss Mo shook his head and said, "No matter how you look at it, this storm is a little abnormal!"
Qing Feng muttered, "This Great Thousand World is very abnormal!"
Before the Demi-Immortal Clan set off, they had investigated this Great Thousand World. First of all, the ascension passage of this Great Thousand World was destroyed, and it was impossible to ascend to the Upper Realm by normal means. This was only a small problem. Among the millions of Great Thousand Worlds, there were more than one or two whose ascension passages had been destroyed.
Therefore, the seven people did not pay too much attention to it. However, just now, they were chased by the shadow creatures in the void. It was not easy for them to escape, and then they encountered a terrifying storm. No matter how they looked at it, it was abnormal.
Luo Zheng actually agreed with Boss Mo's words. The Chaotic Astral Ocean had existed since ancient times, and because of this storm, it had completely isolated the Central Region from the four Divine Kingdoms. Therefore, although the distance between the two continents wasn't particularly far, but for so many years, there hadn't been much interaction between the two continents. The question was, how did this storm come about? Perhaps no one knew the answer …
"Puff, puff …"
Withstanding the cutting wind blades, the Tai Chi Wheel flew forward steadily.
Boss Mo kept guessing the cause of this storm, but he soon denied it one by one. Finally, Qing Feng said, "No matter how it came about, a storm of this intensity should not appear in a small world!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng gently shrugged. Until now, Qing Feng was still very arrogant and did not put the Lower Realm in his eyes.
Seeing Luo Zheng's small action, Qing Feng frowned slightly and remembered what had just happened! Compared to this storm, Luo Zheng resisted the black wind blades with his body, which was even more incredible!
"Luo Zheng … How did you break those wind blades? Those black wind blades contained the power of the fifth level of the Law of Wind! "Qing Feng stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Qing Feng's words immediately reminded the others. Now that Yu Ze and Gu Peier had just calmed down, they all stared at Luo Zheng. Gu Peier also asked with a strange expression, "Yes, Luo Zheng! You just broke those wind blades with your fists, but you are not injured? "
After saying this, Gu Peier directly walked over and reached out to touch Luo Zheng's fists with a curious expression …
Luo Zheng really did not know how to answer this question. He just smiled and said, "It's just a small trick. It's a joke in front of you."
"Humph, if you don't want to say it, just say it," Gu Peier glared at Luo Zheng and said discontentedly.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "It's really not convenient to say it."
They naturally knew that although Luo Zheng was being modest, he was actually hiding something. However, it was not good for them to interrogate Luo Zheng now. Everyone had their own secrets. Moreover, Luo Zheng was not an enemy to them now. If it was confirmed that Luo Zheng had really obtained a title, no matter what title it was, they would still be comrades in the trenches.
Through the boundary, the crowd looked at the dense wind blades around them and fell silent for a moment. Even Divine Realm experts felt small in front of the ferocious nature. At this moment, Luo Zheng opened his mouth and asked, "Boss Mo, the giant head that followed us in the void just now, what exactly is it?"
Although the windstorm in front of them was powerful, the group of Divine Realm warriors were not too afraid of it. Those wind blades were just a little troublesome, but after using some powerful techniques, they were able to easily block them. Based on the conversation between Qing Feng and Boss Mo, it seemed like they had other methods to deal with this windstorm.
However, when they were chased by that giant head in the void, Boss Mo's face was pale with fright. What in the lower realm could make him so scared?