These seven people were all Divine Realm powerhouses. In particular, Boss Mo's strength was likely at the peak of the Divine Realm!
Even they had run away as soon as they saw the shadow life forms. Just what was hiding on the other side of this world?
Even Luo Zheng was curious.
Before Boss Mo could answer, Cool Breeze said, "That is the Forsaken God Clan."
"Forsaken God Clan?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Cool Breeze nodded and said, "They are a race that is spurned by the gods! Although there are many shadow life forms, the largest branch is the Forsaken God Clan! "
"Qingfeng is right." Boss Mo nodded his head. Other than Luo Zheng, the others were also curious. He opened his mouth to speak.
There was a reverse side to the boundless universe. In the entire universe, there was a corresponding reverse side. But compared to the boundless universe, the space of the higher realms was much more stable and difficult to tear apart.
The entire reverse side of the universe was a vast and empty world. Although shadow life forms were rare, the total number of shadow life forms on the entire reverse side of the universe wasn't a small number. And, the Forsaken God Clan held an absolute ruling position among the shadow life forms. Although they couldn't leave the reverse side of the world, they still had a great influence on the entire universe.
"A race spurned by the gods … why would they be spurned by the gods?" Luo Zheng whispered.
Boss Mo smiled and shook his head. He said, "I don't know. Perhaps the World Lords and Empyreans know the reason."
Luo Zheng nodded. But, a very uncomfortable feeling spread from Luo Zheng's heart. It was like a person's body was being invaded by something unknown. A sense of crisis would form in his heart. He asked, "Then why would the Forsaken God Clan enter the boundless universe?"
Luo Zheng also knew where this sense of crisis came from. Ever since he had fused with the will of the boundless universe, Luo Zheng had gradually become one with it. Now that he knew that such a terrifying existence existed on the reverse side of the boundless universe, he naturally felt the same way.
"Well … I don't know. However, I'll report this matter to the Demi-Immortal Clan. As for whether or not they'll be interested in investigating, that's not up to me." Boss Mo looked ahead.
The Forsaken God Clan was mysterious and powerful; it wasn't something that a group of Divine Realm powerhouses could interfere with. Boss Mo's current mission was to find the Exquisite Pagoda.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. No matter what these shadow creatures wanted to do, he couldn't interfere with them with his current strength. He had to hurry back first …
After burning Ha Peng's blood essence, the Eight Trigrams Wheel's flying speed almost exceeded Luo Zheng's understanding. When the storm had stopped, Luo Zheng had spent several days to cross the entire Chaotic Astral Ocean. This time, however, it only took him four hours!
Four hours later, the Eight Trigrams Wheel rushed out of the huge storm. In front of it, there was a black object slowly rising from the horizon.
Seeing this black object, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This was a corner of the Central Domain's continent. He was faintly excited. After wandering the four Divine Kingdoms for nearly half a year, he had finally returned.
Woosh …
The Fish Dragon Sect was the easternmost continent of the Central Domain. It had remained unscathed during the several upheavals of the Central Domain. At this time, many martial artists of the Fish Dragon Sect were cultivating in front of the sect gate.
At this time, everyone saw a tiny black dot on the horizon. It was flying towards them at an extremely terrifying speed, a speed that completely surpassed the scope of their understanding!
From far to near, from near to far, from near to far, from the moment the black dot appeared to the moment it disappeared, only two or three breaths of time had passed. It was truly a flash of light!
"Teacher, what, what was that!?" A young martial artist asked.
"Illusion, do you understand? Illusion! Cultivate properly for me! "An Elder scolded.
"Was it really an illusion? I think I saw it too … "
"That speed, I'm afraid that even the number one person in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng, can't achieve it …"
"It seems that all of us were hallucinating at the same time!"
Ever since Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, his prestige had reached the peak in the Central Domain. He had replaced Cui Xie as the number one person in the Central Domain. All kinds of stories about Luo Zheng were constantly spreading.
However, during the time that Luo Zheng was away, the Central Domain was not peaceful!
The Void Spirit Sect, which had been destroyed by the Tian Xie Sect, was rebuilt. Although the Void Spirit Sect and Void Sky City were wiped out, some key figures still remained. With the foundation of the Void Spirit Sect, it was not a myth that it could be rebuilt in a short period of time. However, with its vitality damaged, it would be difficult for it to regain its status as a first-tier sect in the Central Domain without settling down for a few hundred years.
In addition to the rebuilding of the Void Spirit Sect, the Poison King, Wu Zhanhe, seemed to be active again. He gathered some of the former members of the Tian Xie Sect and seemed to have a tendency to revive.
After Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe quickly fled and lived in seclusion again. Wu Zhanhe had hidden in the Yunmeng Swamp for hundreds of years. Perhaps he was tired of living in seclusion. After receiving the news that Luo Zheng had gone to the four Divine Kingdoms, he seemed to be plotting something again.
If Luo Zheng used the will of the Great Wide World, he would be able to find out about these things. After integrating with the will of the Great Wide World, Luo Zheng was in a state of omniscience in the Great Wide World. He only needed a thought to look up any information.
However, Luo Zheng did not use this ability too much. He only occasionally checked on Ning Yudie's recent situation.
Whoosh …
Even in the vast Chaotic Astral Sea, the Eight Trigrams Wheel only used four hours to travel through it. Moreover, the Chaotic Astral Sea could probably accommodate over a hundred central territories. Thus, from entering the central territory to arriving at Heavenly Awakening City, it only took around an incense stick of time!
Standing in the sky above Tianqi City, Boss Mo looked down indifferently and asked, "Is it here?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Yu Ze said, "Go quickly. We will wait for you!"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said, "Since you have come to the Central Domain, why not …"
"No need!" Qing Feng said proudly, "We are not interested in this kind of place."
Boss Mo did not speak. The others also sat cross-legged and half-closed their eyes as if they were asleep.
These guys are really arrogant. I was just being polite. Luo Zheng rolled his eyes and prepared to leave the Wheel of Eight Trigrams.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to leave the Wheel of Eight Trigrams, he heard Gu Peier say, "Luo Zheng, I will go down with you!"
Yu Ze laughed and said, "Little senior sister, this broken place is far worse than the neighboring Divine Kingdom Continent. What's so good about it?"
"It's none of your business!" Gu Pei 'er snorted coldly, then leaped down with Luo Zheng. Gu Pei' er probably felt that Qing Feng, Yu Ze, and the others had gone overboard, so she even opened her mouth to comfort Luo Zheng. "Don't mind these guys. They were born in the Upper Realm, so they are naturally arrogant!"
Luo Zheng smiled indifferently. He didn't take it to heart at all.
Luo Zheng had seen this kind of arrogance when he first stepped onto the martial path. From Chong Yang County to the Imperial Capital, from the Imperial Capital to the Blue Cloud Sect, from the Blue Cloud Sect to the Cloud Hall, there was no lack of people like this. Therefore, Luo Zheng was already used to it. Although the six guys above were all Divine Realm experts, there was no difference in their arrogance.
Two figures flew down from the sky and headed straight for the Heavenly Stellar Hall!
Through the memories of the Great Thousand World, Luo Zheng knew that Ning Yudie had been in the Heavenly Palace for half a year. This time, he was in a hurry to see Ning Yudie and did not even bother to inform the three Alliance Leaders.
Just as Luo Zheng landed in the Heavenly Palace, hundreds of runes suddenly appeared around the Heavenly Palace …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
All the runes emitted light at the same time. Streams of light flew toward Luo Zheng and Gu Peier.
"Are you looking for death?"
Gu Peier did not know. Her face immediately darkened and the flower in her right eye started to spin!
Although the power of these streams of light was not worth mentioning in Gu Peier's eyes, a small mouse could not hurt a lion. However, the consequences of attacking a lion would be very serious.
＝＝＝＝＝