Seeing that Gu Peier was about to fight back, Luo Zheng quickly waved his hand, "Don't!"
This Extreme God Realm warrior's strength was too horrifying. If a Divine Sea Realm warrior could destroy a mountain range with a wave of his hand, then a Extreme God Realm warrior could destroy this Tianqi City in an instant …
"Swish swish swish …"
Those rays of light shot onto Luo Zheng and Gu Peier, but they didn't cause any harm to them. Luo Zheng had the body of a Divine Tool, and Gu Peier had the Protective True Essence. How could these level three and level four runes hurt them?
"Who is it!"
"The Tianchen Palace is an important place of the World Business Alliance! Trespassers will be the enemy of the World Business Alliance! "
Dozens of figures suddenly appeared in a flash. The person in the lead had a handsome face and his eyes were like stars. He held a curved blade in his hand. However, he was slightly taken aback when he swept his gaze towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and shouted, "Ao Xiang!"
"Luo, Luo Zheng!" Ao Xiang sized up Luo Zheng a few times. His eyes flashed with surprise, "You're back!"
This wasn't the first time that Luo Zheng had returned. However, last time when Luo Zheng left the Central Domain, there was no news of him. Most people thought that Luo Zheng had died outside. This time, when he went to the four Divine Kingdoms, everyone was worried, but they knew that Luo Zheng would come back sooner or later. They just didn't expect that Luo Zheng could come back so early.
"But … that Chaotic Astral Ocean …"
Now, almost every other week, the World Business Alliance would send back news from the easternmost part of the Central Domain. The storm above the Chaotic Astral Ocean had started several months ago.
This storm was so powerful that it could even block Divine Sea Realm warriors. If the warriors of the Divine Kingdoms wanted to enter the Central Domain, they could only enter the Central Domain when the storm stopped. That was the natural barrier of the Central Domain!
Since the storm had already started, the Central Domain and Scandinavia were completely isolated. How did Luo Zheng come back?
Looking at the curious Ao Xiang, Luo Zheng only smiled faintly and said, "Why is the Heavenly Stellar Hall so heavily guarded?"
Right now, the entire Central Domain should be dominated by the World Business Alliance, and Apocalypse City was the core of the World Business Alliance. Who would dare to barge into Apocalypse City?
Although the World Business Alliance had increased their vigilance against the Heavenly Stellar Hall, they didn't need to be so strict. It was as if they were guarding against someone.
Ao Xiang said, "Brother Luo Zheng, you've been away from the Central Domain for half a year, so there are some things that you don't know. That Wu Zhanhe seems to be unwilling to let the Tian Xie Sect be destroyed. Recently, he seems to be showing signs of resurgence. That's why the Alliance Master gave the order to increase the security forces. I also received the order recently to guard the Tianchen Hall!"
"Wu Zhanhe?" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly.
Previously, outside Apocalypse City, after Luo Zheng killed Cui Xie, Wu Zhanhe fled.
At that time, Luo Zheng was busy treating Ning Yudie and didn't have time to care about this person. Moreover, the entire Central Domain wasn't small. It wasn't easy to find someone hiding. Furthermore, Cui Xie was killed by him. A small Wu Zhanhe couldn't cause any waves, so Luo Zheng didn't continue to pursue him.
He didn't expect that after he left, this guy seemed to be dishonest again …
Unlike before, Luo Zheng had now merged with the will of the Vast Thousand Domains. As long as he was in the Vast Thousand Domains, no matter where Wu Zhanhe hid, Luo Zheng could find him in an instant!
"I know," Luo Zheng sneered, "Let him live for a few more hours!"
Live for a few more hours? What did that mean? Ao Xiang was slightly taken aback.
Ao Xiang was naturally aware of Luo Zheng's abnormal talent. Even if it was only half a year, it was enough for him to advance again. However, even if Luo Zheng stepped into the Life and Death Realm and could kill Wu Zhanhe, it was impossible for him to let Wu Zhanhe live for a few more hours, right? After all, it would take a lot of effort and time to find Wu Zhanhe in the vast Central Domain.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
At this moment, a few more streams of light flew over!
They were the three leaders of the World Business Alliance!
"Luo Zheng!"
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
"You're back!"
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, Mo Haishan, and the others quickly landed in the Heavenly Palace with smiles on their faces. They trusted Luo Zheng to the extreme. The Life Origin Stones in the Divine Kingdom Continent might be difficult for others to obtain, but for someone with great luck like Luo Zheng, it wouldn't be difficult at all.
With a smile on his face, Luo Zheng nodded in response. In fact, Luo Zheng's heart had already jumped into the Heavenly Palace. However, with these people coming one after another, Luo Zheng had to show the least bit of courtesy.
"Luo Zheng, the one beside you is …"
Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others sized up Gu Peier with a look of horror on their faces!
Although they were late stage False Tribulation Realm experts, if the experts didn't conceal their cultivation, they could still recognize them. For example, Situ Haotian and the other Divine Sea Realm experts could feel the difference in cultivation between them and the other party!
But this woman in front of them …
She didn't seem to be in the Life and Death Realm, nor the Divine Sea Realm!
The Divine Sea Realm was already the limit of Shi Kefan and the others' knowledge.
In the Central Domain, there were very few Life and Death Realm experts. Breaking through the Life and Death Realm was equivalent to becoming one of the top experts in the continent. As for the Divine Sea Realm, there had never been one in history! Only on the other side of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, on the Divine Kingdom Continent, there were Divine Sea Realm experts. They were the top experts in the whole wide world and the limit of strength in this world!
However, the three leaders couldn't see through Gu Peier's cultivation. At the same time, they were very sure that this woman didn't conceal her cultivation!
Then what level was she at? Was she an existence that surpassed the Divine Sea Realm? According to the rules of this plane, such a powerful figure shouldn't appear at all?
The three were also guessing in their hearts. This Luo Zheng was indeed too outrageous. The experts he brought back were stronger and stronger. Last time, he brought back a group of Life and Death Realm experts and several Divine Sea Realm experts. This time, it seemed to be even more terrifying!
On their way to the Heavenly Palace, they had already noticed the Eight Trigrams Wheel above their heads, but they didn't dare to approach it!
"Oh, this is one of my …" Luo Zheng thought for a while and didn't know how to introduce Gu Peier. After all, his identity wasn't confirmed by Gu Peier and the others, and Luo Zheng wasn't their "friend".
However, Gu Peier said lightly, "Of course we're friends."
Gu Peier's personality was a bit strange, but her attitude was more proper than the others. Hearing Gu Peier's answer, Luo Zheng nodded slightly and said, "Leader Shi, I'll go in first! I've already got the Life Origin Stone. "
Everyone nodded, but they didn't follow Luo Zheng. Everyone knew the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. The Heavenly Palace was a forbidden area in the Heavenly Awakening City! Apart from Xi Youqin and some maidservants, no one else was allowed to take even half a step inside.
Luo Zheng entered the Heavenly Palace, and Gu Peier followed behind him. There was a servant girl waiting at the door of the Heavenly Palace. Seeing Luo Zheng come in, she said obediently, "Young master Luo, Palace Master Ning is listening to the zither in the garden behind the palace. Please follow me."
"Listening to the zither?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised, "She's awake?"
The day before yesterday, Luo Zheng had quietly checked on Ning Yudie's recent situation. She was still in a deep sleep, so how could she be listening to the zither?
The servant girl smiled and said, "Young master Luo will know in a moment."
After passing through the Heavenly Palace, there was a wide open backyard. This backyard was filled with all kinds of flowers and grass. On the side, there was a clear pond full of pink lotus flowers. The entire backyard looked peaceful, but Luo Zheng could feel hundreds of defensive runes in the surroundings.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. After taking two steps, he heard the melodious sound of a zither drifting into his ears.
Not far away, he saw Ning Yudie lying on an elegant bed. She was wearing an ice blue robe and was wearing a casual outfit.
A few steps away, there was a woman dressed in a purple robe. Her slender fingers were vibrating rapidly on the zither strings. This woman's zither skills were exceptionally high. In addition to using her fingers to strum the zither strings, she also supplemented it with True Essence. Therefore, she could burst out with music that ordinary people couldn't.