The person playing the zither was Xi Youqin.
Ever since Luo Zheng left, Xi Youqin had been immersed in her own thoughts. She didn't ask for a status from Luo Zheng, but staying by Luo Zheng's side was Xi Youqin's deepest obsession.
Even when the Void Spirit Sect was rebuilt, Xi Xiaojie who had disappeared for a long time came to Tianqi City, wanting to bring Xi Youqin back, she rejected him.
She wanted to stay here and wait for Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng returned, at least she would be able to see Luo Zheng as soon as possible.
However, although Xi Youqin didn't return to the Void Spirit Sect, because of her, the World Business Alliance had put in a lot of effort to help rebuild the Void Spirit Sect.
Firstly, the relationship between the World Business Alliance and the Void Spirit Sect wasn't bad. Secondly, although Xi Youqin was a delicate girl, after awakening the Extreme Purple Yin Body, Xi Youqin's overall strength had skyrocketed!
Although she was still just a Divine Core warrior, with the help of the Extreme Purple Realm, Xi Youqin's overall strength was at least ranked in the top three in the Central Domain …
That day, Xi Youqin summoned countless huge swords and killed countless warriors from the Tian Xie Sect like a black cloud. The scene was still vivid in everyone's mind. In order to fight against the Tian Xie Sect, Luo Zheng was the key figure, and Xi Youqin was the second most important figure!
However, Xi Youqin wasn't famous, and most warriors didn't even know where those huge black swords came from. Therefore, apart from a few mighty warriors, most people didn't know that there was such a woman in the Central Domain.
She stayed in the Heavenly Palace and rarely went out. She was able to endure such peaceful days, but recently, her longing for Luo Zheng had been increasing day by day.
Sometimes, when she was in the mood, she would instruct the servant girls to bring out the unconscious Ning Yudie to bask in the sun. She would then concentrate on playing the zither. Perhaps she would be able to comfort Ning Yudie.
At this time, Xi Youqin heard footsteps behind her. She originally thought it was her maidservant Xiao Qing, so she ordered her to bring the flower tea. However, after she finished speaking, she didn't hear any movement. She slightly strummed the zither strings in her hand and frowned slightly. It was impossible for her Eldest Miss temper to disappear. It was only in front of Luo Zheng that she didn't dare to show it in the slightest. This time, when she didn't hear Xiao Qing's response, she was naturally unhappy.
"Little Blue?" Xi Youqin's voice deepened. She strummed the strings of the zither in her hands. The sound of the strings revealed a hint of irritation. She had been feeling irritable recently because she missed him.
"Still not responding?!" Xi Youqin's frown deepened. She pushed aside the zither beside her and turned around. As her indifferent face swept across the room, the long eyelashes above her eyes suddenly began to tremble like the wings of a bee.
Luo Zheng had a smile on his face. He stared at Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips. She suddenly took a few steps forward. Those few steps went from slow to fast. She turned into a warm and fragrant jade and threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
Half a year of separation was just a snap of a finger for a cultivator. However, this longing had been tormenting her day and night.
However, she didn't close her eyes to enjoy Luo Zheng's broad chest. Her eyes were fixed on Gu Pei 'er behind her.
Xi Youqin was a scheming woman. However, for the sake of Luo Zheng, she was willing to change everything about herself. No matter how many women Luo Zheng had, she wouldn't show any dissatisfaction. However, just because she didn't show any dissatisfaction, it didn't mean she didn't have any thoughts about it. She threw her glance at Gu Pei 'er.
Xi Youqin was only a Divine Core warrior, but she could sense a faint aura emanating from Gu Pei 'er's body. It wasn't an aura that came from the soul, it was an aura unique to some super mighty warriors! She didn't know what kind of heaven-defying strength Gu Pei 'er possessed, but she knew she was very strong.
Whether Gu Pei 'er was strong or not, it had nothing to do with Xi Youqin. She was only willing to be Luo Zheng's little woman.
But this woman in front of her … was she from the four Divine Kingdoms?
She followed him here from the four Divine Kingdoms? Was she Luo Zheng's new lover?
But, why was she looking at Gu Pei 'er like this?
Xi Youqin laid her head on Luo Zheng's shoulder, and stared into Gu Pei 'er's eyes. There was no such thing as a generous woman in this world. Even though Xi Youqin had taken the initiative to take care of Ning Yudie, she still felt jealous of Ning Yudie from time to time. She would rather be in a deep sleep like her, while Luo Zheng was running around for her …
But, the way Gu Pei 'er looked at her was a strange one, as if a man was looking at a beautiful woman. At this moment, Xi Youqin was confused. What was the meaning of this?
Xi Youqin didn't know that Gu Pei 'er's sexual orientation was problematic. When she looked at Xi Youqin, she was actually looking at Xi Youqin from a man's point of view …
Being stared at like this by Gu Pei 'er, Xi Youqin suddenly felt uncomfortable. She glared fiercely at Gu Pei' er, then brushed her hair to the side. She breathed out a warm breath at Luo Zheng, and hugged Luo Zheng tightly.
Seeing the woman's actions, Gu Pei 'er burst into laughter that sounded like silver bells.
Luo Zheng gently stroked Xi Youqin's hair, then turned his head and asked curiously, "What are you laughing at?"
Gu Pei 'er laughed mischievously, "Nothing, I just think that your woman is very interesting."
Thinking about Gu Pei 'er's strange hobby, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He helped Xi Youqin away, then said to Xi Youqin, "I'll treat Ning Yudie first."
"En!" Xi Youqin nodded, then stepped aside. Luo Zheng then walked towards Ning Yudie.
Ever since her life force was sucked dry by the Wind of Life and Death, Ning Yudie had been in a deep sleep. Although the maids in the Heavenly Palace had taken good care of her, after her life force dried up, Ning Yudie's appearance was still very haggard.
Gu Pei 'er slowly walked over, then looked at Ning Yudie and asked, "So when you said that someone was waiting for you to treat them, it was this woman?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
Gu Pei 'er glanced at her, then said, "This woman's life force has actually completely dried up!" She carefully looked at her a few more times, then said, "It's a very strange phenomenon. It hasn't completely dried up, only a little remains. However, this kind of phenomenon would only appear when one's life force is nearing its end. However, this woman's age isn't very old … It's very strange!"
A person was like a bowl, and the bowl was filled to the brim with life force. As a person matured, the life force would constantly be consumed, and at the same time, it would also be slowly replenished.
However, after the Five Decay of the Heavenly Being, the life force would begin to be consumed continuously, and at the same time, it could not be replenished. Even through the use of life crystals, it could not be replenished, because the bowl was already broken …
Ning Yudie had not entered the Divine Sea Realm, so she would not experience the Five Decay of the Heavenly Being. However, the life force in the bowl would only dry up when an ordinary warrior's life force was nearing its end. For this to happen at such a young age, Gu Pei 'er was indeed puzzled.
Hearing her words, Luo Zheng said, "Her life force was taken away by the Wind of Life and Death on the Yellow Springs River."
"Wind of Life and Death?" Gu Pei 'er blinked her eyes, then said with a smile, "Are you kidding? The Wind of Life and Death contains the law of causality, and indeed, it directly erodes life force. It's almost certain death. How could this woman preserve her life? And … in your realm, you can even get the Wind of Life and Death from the Yellow Springs! "
"It's a secret," Ning Yudie was able to survive because of the Heavenly Dao Fragment, which contained the law of causality in the Wind of Life and Death. Of course, Luo Zheng would not explain too much to Gu Pei 'er. At this time, he took out a life crystal in his hand!
This life crystal was almost completely condensed from life force, and was almost completely different from the life origin stone!
Seeing the life origin stone in Luo Zheng's hand, Gu Pei 'er's eyes suddenly lit up, "You have such a good thing!"
Not only Gu Pei 'er, when Luo Zheng took out the life crystal, everyone felt a strong life force, including the three alliance leaders waiting outside the Heavenly Palace, and all the maidservants in the Heavenly Palace.
Even in the Upper Realm, this life crystal was a relatively rare thing. However, Gu Pei 'er originally wanted to say that it was too wasteful to use it like this, but thinking that it was Luo Zheng who got it himself, she did not have the right to say anything.
It was as if what Luo Zheng held in his hand was not a piece of ore, but a little guy full of life force, releasing a strong life force in all directions.
He put the life crystal on Ning Yudie's face, and gently pinched it with his hand. The surface of the life crystal gently shattered, and then Luo Zheng's hand withdrew like lightning. This life force was like a living thing, and would drill into the creatures closest to it. Luo Zheng was afraid that the life force would drill into his hand.
A strong life force gently floated above Ning Yudie, twisting into various irregular shapes.
After about a breath's time, this strong life force suddenly soaked into Ning Yudie's thin lips.