After the life force was drained, although Ning Yudie's appearance did not change, anyone who had seen Ning Yudie could feel that her aura was very weak. The remaining life force was only enough to keep her in a deep sleep.
As the life force continued to soak in, Ning Yudie's originally haggard and pale complexion began to change.
The paleness began to gradually fade away, and dark red blood appeared on his face. His cheeks, in particular, were gradually dyed with a layer of red. It was as if he had drunk wine, or as if he had applied rouge. At a glance, he looked extremely beautiful.
Xi Youqin and Gu Peier could also feel that the life force in Ning Yudie's body was rapidly filling up. It was like a piece of wood that was about to wither suddenly burst with a strong life force. New buds began to sprout, and roots began to spread, giving people a feeling of vitality!
After using up a life crystal, Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie, his eyes full of nervousness.
"She hasn't woken up?"
Luo Zheng's eyes gradually sank. Luo Zheng's biggest motive for going to Divine Kingdom was to save Ning Yudie, and he had pinned all his hopes on this life force.
Looking at it, the life force had definitely taken effect, so why hadn't Ning Yudie woken up yet?
"Luo Zheng …"
Seeing Luo Zheng's ugly complexion, Xi Youqin called out from the side. Luo Zheng was like an iron statue, standing motionless in place.
Gu Peier also revealed a slightly surprised expression. She had previously investigated this woman. Her life force had only been emptied by the wind of life and death, and her body had then activated its self-protection mechanism, forcing herself to fall into a deep sleep. Only in this way could she save the remaining trace of life force to the greatest extent.
The flower in her right eye turned slightly, and an invisible perception spread out. Soon, a smile appeared on her face. Her Innate Skill was the flower in her right eye, and her perception of the soul was far more sensitive than other cultivators of the same level. Earlier on, when she had investigated, Gu Pei 'er had already sensed that the woman lying on the bed had already awoken …
'This fellow's women are quite interesting,' Gu Pei 'er commented in her heart. Then, the corners of her mouth gently moved, and she sent a true essence sound transmission to Luo Zheng, "Hey, your woman has woken up."
"What?" Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly surged. But when he saw that Luo Zheng was lying motionless with her eyes closed, pretending to be asleep, he felt both angry and amused. Ning Yudie's temperament was very changeable. When she was pretending to be the Temple Master, she was solemn and determined, but most of the time, she was like a child.
After Luo Zheng's eyes turned, he waved his hand and sighed, "She hasn't woken up yet, let's go out first!"
Xi Youqin didn't know what was going on, so she looked at Luo Zheng with a puzzled expression. Gu Pei 'er smiled faintly and patted Xi Youqin's shoulder, "You're right, let's go out first!"
But when Xi Youqin was patted by Gu Pei 'er, it was as if she had been bitten by a scorpion. She immediately moved a few steps away, maintaining a considerable distance from Gu Pei' er, and glared at her fiercely.
Gu Pei 'er didn't care at all, and just chuckled twice. Then, the three of them left the courtyard.
Just after Luo Zheng and the others left, Ning Yudie's fingers trembled slightly. If an ordinary mortal slept like this for several months, their bodily functions would be affected, and they wouldn't be able to walk for a while. Because their eyes would be closed for a long time, they wouldn't be able to withstand the sunlight and wouldn't be able to see anything.
But for Ning Yudie, who had already stepped into the Life and Death Realm, it wasn't a big deal. After all, it was common for cultivators to cultivate in seclusion for eight to ten years. After cultivating to this stage, the structure and functions of one's body had long been pulled apart from that of ordinary people.
After her fingers trembled, her figure floated to the side. Her figure was originally very petite, and she was wearing an ice blue palace dress. The ribbon of the dress fluttered with her figure, like a blue ice flower dancing in the cold wind.
After her feet touched the ground, a sly smile appeared on her face, and she carefully walked towards the Heavenly Stellar Hall. But before she could enter the Heavenly Stellar Hall, a figure suddenly drilled out, and firmly embraced her like an iron hoop!
"Ah!"
Ning Yudie let out a scream. She didn't release her perception, otherwise, Luo Zheng, who was hiding behind a pillar, would have been discovered by her. Luo Zheng's sudden appearance gave her a fright.
The two hugged each other tightly, completely forgetting everything around them. Luo Zheng didn't say anything, tilted his head, and kissed her!
Ning Yudie was shorter than Luo Zheng by more than a head. Her petite figure was lifted up by Luo Zheng, and it was difficult for her feet to even touch the ground. Under such a kiss, she was unwilling to circulate her True Qi to support her body. Her white and delicate feet could only be stretched out like a bow, and the tips of her feet touched the cold ground. For ordinary people, maintaining this posture for a few breaths would cause their feet to ache unbearably. Of course, Ning Yudie was a Life and Death Realm master.
Thus, her feet were tightly stretched, and she maintained this posture for half an incense stick's worth of time …
Xi Youqin and Gu Pei 'er, who were standing in the Heavenly Stellar Hall, quietly watched the scene outside.
Xi Youqin's mood was as if all kinds of spices had been smashed, and she had mixed feelings. During this period of time, she had repeatedly reminded herself of her status in Luo Zheng's eyes. She was very clear that in Luo Zheng's heart, Ning Yudie's weight was much higher than her own. Being jealous of Ning Yudie was undoubtedly an extremely unclear choice. Thus, she had calmed down and stayed in the Heavenly Stellar Hall to take care of Ning Yudie with the other maidservants.
Under such an adjustment, Xi Youqin felt that her state of mind was already very relaxed. She had treated Ning Yudie as her elder sister, and they had taken care of Luo Zheng together.
But now, Xi Youqin discovered how weak and laughable her way of thinking was. For a woman to overcome her jealousy, it should be more difficult than for a man to overcome his lust …
Gu Pei 'er could feel Xi Youqin's emotional fluctuations. All of her emotions were emitted from the fluctuations of her soul. Through the flower in her right eye, everyone's soul seemed to be naked, and was displayed in front of Gu Pei' er's eyes.
She turned her head and glanced at Xi Youqin. With a smile on her face, she said, "Men are all like this. Not a single one of them is good, right?"
Xi Youqin glanced at Gu Pei 'er. Although Gu Pei' er was also a living beauty, and ignoring the strange flower in her right eye, her appearance and temperament were definitely not below hers, she still had a natural resistance towards Gu Pei 'er.
"Hmph, not a single man is good. Luo Zheng is an exception," Xi Youqin retorted.
Gu Pei 'er chuckled and said, "Indeed, this brat is indeed very outstanding. However, in the end, he is still unreliable. Why not …" Gu Pei' er looked at Xi Youqin again.
"Why not what?" Xi Youqin was slightly stunned.
"You might as well follow me!" Gu Pei 'er chuckled.
When Xi Youqin heard this, she fiercely glared at Gu Pei 'er, but for the first time, she scolded, "Crazy!"
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie kissed like this for a long time before separating. After separating, Ning Yudie stared at Luo Zheng, who was right in front of her, with a faint smile on her face. However, she quickly thought of something, and her face revealed a worried expression. She then asked, "Then Cui Xie …"
After being hit by the Wind of Life and Death, Ning Yudie was in a state of coma. She was completely unaware of how long she had been unconscious, and the situation with the Tian Xie Sect. Although she saw that Luo Zheng was standing in front of her, she still couldn't help but worry.
"Dead. I killed him!" Luo Zheng immediately replied.
Ning Yudie nodded. Since Luo Zheng was standing in front of her, the possibility of Cui Xie's defeat was very high. However, she couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng defeated Cui Xie and how he killed Cui Xie.
Luo Zheng gave a brief account of what happened after Ning Yudie fell asleep. As for the matter of him going to God's Kingdom to look for the Origin Stone of Life, he only briefly mentioned it.
Although Luo Zheng concealed the various hardships in God's Kingdom, how could Ning Yudie not guess? She reclined on Luo Zheng's chest, and from time to time asked for details. Luo Zheng could only answer truthfully. She used her finger to gently draw circles on Luo Zheng's chest, and no one knew what she was thinking.
＝＝＝＝＝