When they talked about the dangers, Ning Yudie's slender fingers flickered with True Essence. Streaks of ice-blue cold air directly penetrated Luo Zheng's clothes and hit his chest.
This kind of cold air naturally couldn't hurt Luo Zheng, but it was cold and piercing. Luo Zheng didn't use True Essence to resist it, but he could still feel the bone-piercing cold. She seemed to be using this method to remind Luo Zheng that he shouldn't take such a risk …
The two of them completely forgot about themselves as they talked like this. It was as if they had forgotten about time, and an hour quietly passed.
At this moment, the sound of "Caw! Caw! Caw caw caw! "A furry figure descended from the sky at lightning speed.
This little thing was born with the ability to fly. It could even ignore the restrictions of the fifth layer's spatial laws and directly jump out of the "refracted" space.
It was just that it had only been born for a very short period of time. Although it was born with the ability to fly, it didn't have a good grasp of the distance. Therefore, it didn't have a good grasp of the speed of its descent. Like a meteorite, it directly smashed into the ground, creating a not small pit.
Ning Yudie frowned. After being suddenly disturbed, she naturally wasn't happy. She angrily looked at the little thing in the pit. "What is this?"
"Caw! Caw!"
This Ancestral Dragon was originally placed on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. Probably because it was separated from Luo Zheng for too long, it became unhappy and jumped down from the Eight Trigrams Wheel.
It shook its head vigorously, and the mud on its body immediately disappeared. Then, it pounced towards Luo Zheng!
At this time, Luo Zheng, who was originally half-hugging Ning Yudie, directly pushed Ning Yudie to the side. Its mouth even made "caw! Caw! Caw!" sounds, as if it was protesting against Ning Yudie!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was both angry and amused. Although he had obtained this little dragon, he didn't have much time to communicate with this little guy on the way back from the Heavenly Holy Land to the Central Domain. He didn't expect it to be jealous …
This Ancestral Dragon's body was already imprinted with Luo Zheng's imprint. It regarded Luo Zheng as its only relative. In its mind, it naturally wouldn't allow others to get close to Luo Zheng. Only it could.
However, Ning Yudie didn't seem to be convinced that she was disturbed by this guy. The Ancestral Dragon's appearance was very strange. It looked more like a seahorse than anything else. Ning Yudie didn't recognize that it was a dragon, so she reached out to push it aside.
However, the moment Ning Yudie reached out her hand, the little guy finally got angry.
"Caw!"
The little guy's voice suddenly became sharp. A very unique power suddenly erupted from its body.
Even Ning Yudie retreated several steps under the pressure of this power. This little guy's hostility caused Ning Yudie to feel a sense of fear and trepidation!
It wasn't just Ning Yudie. Xi Youqin, who was standing not far away, and the people waiting outside the Heavenly Holy Hall, also felt a sharp aura. This aura didn't seem to come from a human, but it felt like it belonged to a ruler!
Only Gu Pei Er's expression remained indifferent. Although the Ancestral Dragon's dragon aura was powerful, this Ancestral Dragon had just hatched. Moreover, Gu Pei Er was proficient in soul techniques. It didn't affect her in the slightest.
Seeing Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin's faces turn pale, the flower in Gu Pei Er's right eye turned slightly. She reached out her hand, and a faint halo floated out. It enveloped the Ancestral Dragon. The faint halo directly imprisoned the Ancestral Dragon's aura. At this time, Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie felt a little better.
Gu Pei Er said, "Although this dragon has just been born, it's still very dangerous. Especially since its intelligence hasn't fully awakened. Right now, it only has the intelligence of a three year old child. Don't provoke this guy."
Luo Zheng hugged the Ancestral Dragon in his hands. He glared fiercely at this little guy. He still hadn't thought of how to deal with this little guy. He'd wait until everything was over, then he'd see how Qinglong would deal with it.
"Dragon? You're saying this is a dragon? "Ning Yudie stared at the little guy. She couldn't tell that this little guy was actually a dragon!
Luo Zheng didn't deny it. He nodded. The Ancestral Dragon seemed to understand Ning Yudie's words. It made a "gugu" sound at Ning Yudie, revealing a strong hostility!
"Whether it's a dragon or not, it looks so cute," Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"Gugu!"
The Ancestral Dragon seemed to be able to understand everyone's words. It could even accurately distinguish their intentions. Perhaps it was because Xi Youqin praised it. After a strange sound, it actually left Luo Zheng's arms and pounced on Xi Youqin. It used its soft tongue to lick Xi Youqin very intimately.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion. He didn't know why this little guy would treat it so differently …
Ning Yudie pursed her lips and glared fiercely at the Ancestral Dragon, but her eyes soon fell on Gu Pei Er. This woman had just casually made a move, but she was able to restrain the little dragon's aura. Such a move showed that her attainments were extraordinary! She couldn't see what method this woman used!
Under such observation, the surprise in Ning Yudie's eyes became more intense. She couldn't see through this woman's cultivation!
She had already entered the Life and Death Realm. She could even distinguish the cultivation of a Divine Sea Realm expert. However, she felt that the True Yuan emitted by this woman was purer and more condensed than that of a Divine Sea Realm expert!
"Luo Zheng, this is …" Ning Yudie asked immediately.
Luo Zheng said, "She's the one I just told you about. She's from the Demi-Immortal Tribe. The seven of them also came to the Central Domain."
"Why did you come to the Central Domain?" Ning Yudie asked again.
Luo Zheng shook his head and smiled, "This time, I'm going to return to the Central Domain. I might only stay for a short while. I'll leave in a few days."
This time, Luo Zheng returned to the Central Domain with the Demi-Immortal Tribe. It was Gu Pei 'er who helped Luo Zheng persuade the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Otherwise, the Demi-Immortal Tribe would have directly taken Luo Zheng to the Sea God Continent to search for the Tower of Sin.
"You're leaving again!"
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie's voices rang out at the same time. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to leave again after staying in Heaven Awaken City for less than half a day.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Yes, but I'll be back as soon as possible …"
At that moment, an impatient voice rang out from outside the Heavenly Palace, "Luo Zheng, I've given you enough time!"
It was the voice of Yu Ze from the Demi-Immortal Tribe!
Luo Zheng frowned and lowered his voice. Then, he led Ning Yudie and the others out of the Heavenly Palace's main hall.
At the main entrance of the Heavenly Palace, Shi Kefan and the others were cautiously looking at the Eight Trigrams Wheel not far away. The Eight Trigrams Wheel rotated slowly, and there were six people standing on it. There was also a woman lying on one side of the Eight Trigrams Wheel. She was Feng Nianyun from the Dragon Bloodline Tribe.
Whether it was the six people standing or the woman lying on the ground, their cultivations were unfathomable. The aura emitted by any one of them far surpassed that of a Divine Sea Realm expert!
Yan Yueshan and the others smiled bitterly. The people Luo Zheng brought back were more and more terrifying. But the worst thing was that these people didn't seem to be friendly to Luo Zheng either! For people like them, any one of them could destroy the entire Central Domain with a wave of their hand. Angering them was definitely not a wise thing to do.
However, these people all had unfriendly expressions on their faces. Even if Shi Kefan was very good at talking, he couldn't find a chance to speak at all. There was no other way. The difference in strength was too great, and he often lost the right to talk.
Facing Yu Ze's cold face, Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. He said, "It's only been two hours. Is your time so tight?"
"Hmph, my time isn't tight, but there's no need to waste it on you," Yu Ze replied with a cold snort.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. His gaze went past Yu Ze, and he cupped his hands towards Boss Mo, who was not far away, and said, "Boss Mo, thank you for sending me back to the Central Domain. But before we depart, I have something to do! Please lend me your Eight Trigrams Wheel. "