Yu Ze's face was full of dissatisfaction, but Boss Mo said, "There's no need to rush these few hours. But Luo Zheng, what's the point of borrowing this Eight Trigrams Wheel?"
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I have an enemy in the world. He's hiding in the Central Domain. I want to kill him before we depart!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others were all surprised. Luo Zheng wanted to kill Wu Zhanhe now?
However, although Wu Zhanhe was accumulating power, he wasn't as arrogant as Cui Xie. He was also cautious. Even if the World Business Alliance's intelligence network was the best in the Central Domain, they wouldn't be able to find him in a short time!
And these people who surpassed the Divine Sea Realm didn't seem to have good tempers. They were already impatient from waiting. What if he angered them? It seemed that their relationship with Luo Zheng wasn't good either …
Therefore, Shi Kefan couldn't help but remind Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, that Wu Zhanhe is cunning and has three burrows. We won't be able to find him in a short time. If he knows that you've returned to the Central Domain, he won't dare to show himself. There's no need to rush …"
Luo Zheng waved his hand at Shi Kefan. How could he allow others to sleep beside him? If Wu Zhanhe stayed in seclusion and was a peaceful hermit, Luo Zheng might have let him go. After all, Luo Zheng wasn't good at killing. He believed that the main evils must be eliminated. If the others weren't unforgivable, Luo Zheng would have let them go.
But since this guy didn't know what was good for him and tried to restore the strength of the Tian Xie Sect while he was away from the Central Domain, then he couldn't blame himself.
"Oh, so it's such a small matter. It won't take much time." Boss Mo nodded and said, "Point out the direction. I'll let Ha Peng control the Eight Trigrams Wheel and go with you."
Yu Ze's face was full of indignation. In Yu Ze's opinion, if Luo Zheng was really outstanding, then it would be fine, but this guy was most likely a swindler. Not to mention, his cultivation base was only at the Life and Death realm. How could he have the face to order them around? In other words, Yuze felt that Luo Zheng was not qualified.
Luo Zheng didn't look at Yu Ze's face, and said to Boss Mo, "Thank you, Boss Mo!"
Then Luo Zheng turned to Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin and said, "I'll be back soon!"
"But Luo Zheng, that Wu Zhanhe …" Shi Kefan was still worried.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Chief Shi, I know what I'm doing."
After Ancestral Gragon left Xi Youqin's arms and jumped into Luo Zheng's, Luo Zheng stepped onto the Eight Trigrams Wheel.
Although the Central Domain wasn't big, with Luo Zheng's speed, it would take him two to three days to kill Wu Zhanhe. If he relied on the Eight Trigrams Wheel's speed, it would take him less than an hour to cross the Central Domain.
After stepping onto the Eight Trigrams Wheel, Luo Zheng thought and the memories in his mind appeared.
The memories of the entire Vast Thousand World covered everything in this world, including all the continents, all the oceans, all the skies, every bird, every baby. Moreover, the memories were from the moment the ancient world was born until now!
With this investigation, Luo Zheng locked onto Ha Peng's position. "So you're here." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and he told Ha Peng the location.
As the Eight Trigrams Wheel rotated gently, Luo Zheng and the others began to rise slowly, and then suddenly accelerated. Like a shooting star, they turned into a straight line and disappeared into the horizon in a breath's time.
"This speed …" Shi Kefan looked at the disappearing Eight Trigrams Wheel and sighed.
Yan Yueshan also shook his head. "Luo Zheng's level of contact is no longer at a level that we can understand."
Only three years ago, Luo Zheng was just a new star born in the Central Domain, but now, Luo Zheng had become an existence that they could only look up to, or even look up to.
However, Ning Yudie said with a smile, "But Luo Zheng is still Luo Zheng, isn't he?"
Hearing this, the three Alliance Masters nodded at the same time. When Luo Zheng was in the middle stage of False Tribulation Realm, he could already kill Cui Xie. Now that he had broken through the Life and Death Realm, his strength was even more unfathomable. However, he still didn't show the slightest bit of unfamiliarity, nor did he show the slightest bit of arrogance. It could only be said that it was a great blessing for them to be friends with Luo Zheng.
South of the Central Domain, Heaven Qin Mountain.
South Heaven Qin Mountain was a famous mountain in the Central Domain, but not long ago, all the mountains in the Central Domain were annihilated in an instant …
Naturally, the South Heaven Qin Mountain was not spared. After the mountain was annihilated, a tributary of the Rain River spread out and flooded the area, turning it into a swamp.
Looking at this swamp, Wu Zhanhe's eyes revealed a trace of resentment.
In the past, he had lived in seclusion in the Cloud Dream Swamp for hundreds of years. He had long since grown tired of this kind of life. Later, he followed Cui Xie and established the Tian Xie Sect with great difficulty, but it was destroyed by that brat Luo Zheng alone! And Cui Xie was actually killed by Luo Zheng.
At that time, Wu Zhanhe was indeed scared witless, which was why he fled. Now that he thought about it, his temperament was still too steady and cautious. It could even be described as cowardly. He had missed a great opportunity to kill Luo Zheng!
Ning Yudie had been hit by the Wind of Life and Death, and was already in a state of certain death. And that ancient tycoon of the World Business Alliance had also been killed by Cui Xie. As for the three Alliance Masters, there was nothing to be afraid of. As long as he killed Luo Zheng, who in the Central Domain would be able to resist him, Wu Zhanhe?
Wouldn't he be able to establish his own Divine Kingdom, unify the entire Central Domain, and become the first Divine Kingdom King in thousands of years?
After escaping from Tianqi City, this unwillingness was like a worm, constantly gnawing at Wu Zhanhe's heart of martial arts. However, there was no medicine for regret. After missing this opportunity, it would be very difficult to find another one.
But after learning that Luo Zheng had left the Central Domain, Wu Zhanhe was ready to make a move.
Although the three fat men were powerful together, in the end, they couldn't do anything to him. If he were to establish a new Tian Xie Sect, what could Tianqi City use to resist him?
Once this idea hatched, it would be difficult to suppress it. Luo Zheng had gone to the Divine Kingdom Continent, where experts were as common as clouds, and the possibility of him not returning was even greater. For Wu Zhanhe, this was probably his second chance.
He had already wasted one chance, and he really didn't want to waste a second one. In the end, he still took this step.
During this period of time, Wu Zhanhe had constantly sent people to spy on the situation in Tianqi City. The only Life and Death expert in Tianqi City was Ning Yudie, but that woman seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep. If it were Cui Xie, he would have directly killed his way into Tianqi City.
However, Wu Zhanhe's character was originally more conservative and careful. He was afraid that there was a trap, and planned to send people to assassinate Ning Yudie.
But the Tianchen Hall was heavily guarded, and so far, he hadn't made a move.
Today, Wu Zhanhe had gathered some of the old members of the Tian Xie Sect to discuss this problem.
At this moment, he suddenly saw a thin line appear in the sky. The moment that thin line appeared, it shot towards him at an extremely fast speed. Its speed was almost indescribable!
"What is that?" Wu Zhanhe's eyelids twitched. He didn't know why, but he had a bad premonition in his heart. But he couldn't tell where this premonition came from.
Several subordinates of the Tian Xie Sect heard Wu Zhanhe's words and raised their heads to look.
"It's a natural phenomenon!"
"Could it be that some secret treasure has appeared?"
"Should we fly up and take a look?"
Everyone couldn't tell the origin of the thin line, and each of them had a strange look on their faces.
However, in the process of flying, the thin line actually changed its direction slightly. This time, it actually went straight for Wu Zhanhe's group.
Wu Zhanhe's eyes widened, and a sense of crisis directly emerged from the depths of his soul. Although he still couldn't see clearly what it was, it was definitely not a good thing for him. This was what Wu Zhanhe thought at this moment.
From the appearance of the Eight Trigrams Wheel to the front of Wu Zhanhe's group, it only took two breaths of time. Then, it steadily stopped and began to slowly descend.