"Luo, Luo, Luo … It's Luo Zheng!"
One of Wu Zhanhe's subordinates reminded him while trembling with fear.
But did Wu Zhanhe need him to remind him?
In fact, the only person these Lascivious Sect members were afraid of was Luo Zheng. The image of Luo Zheng killing Cui Xie that day was like a nightmare that lingered in their minds. The impression it left was too deep, and they would probably never be able to erase it in their lifetime.
Although Wu Zhanhe was extremely nervous, his mind was spinning rapidly. He first sized up Luo Zheng and found that Luo Zheng had already broken through to the Life and Death Realm!
First level of Life and Death Realm. Fortunately …
Even so, he still had a chance to escape. Since Luo Zheng had returned to the Central Domain, then he could choose to leave the Central Domain and flee overseas, never setting foot in the Central Domain again.
But when Wu Zhanhe glanced at the few people beside Luo Zheng, his face turned even uglier. His face revealed an incomparable look of despair.
He couldn't see through the strength of these people at all. This could only mean one thing: the difference between him and them wasn't as small as a whole realm. A bitter taste spread out from Wu Zhanhe's mouth. Even the most poisonous poison he refined wasn't this bitter.
"Is this the person? Do you need help? If you want to kill him, then kill him quickly. One slash is enough. "Yu Ze raised the black blade in his hand and glanced at Wu Zhanhe indifferently.
As for Qing Feng and the others, they closed their eyes and focused on cultivation. They couldn't be bothered to pay attention to a Life and Death Realm warrior from the lower realm. This kind of person was no different from an ant in their eyes. Who would be curious about an ant?
Luo Zheng shook his head. Of course, he knew that Yu Ze didn't want to help him. He just didn't want to waste time here. "I'll deal with this person myself."
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe suddenly took out two black beads from his hand. Although Wu Zhanhe was in despair, there was still a desire to live in his heart. Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to attack, Wu Zhanhe's Zhen Yuan suddenly gushed out.
At the same time, he crushed the two black beads in his hand. The black beads emitted a black poisonous mist, and the agitated Zhen Yuan instantly dispersed the poisonous mist!
"Monarch! Ah … "
"How could you …"
"I … I …"
The subordinates beside Wu Zhanhe didn't expect that Wu Zhanhe would directly activate the black beads at this moment.. The poisonous mist was extremely poisonous, and the faces of the surrounding Void Tribulation realm warriors turned black, and they instantly died.
Whoosh …
Using the cover of the poisonous fog, Wu Zhanhe turned into a streak of light and shot backwards.
"He didn't chase! There is still a glimmer of Hope! " Hope was still a Peipei was was, Peiqiu, Pee, Peipeon Pee's, Pee, Pee..
Gu Pei 'er was sitting on the Eight Trigrams Wheel. At this moment, she turned around and reminded him, "He's running away!"
Luo Zheng nodded, but responded, "I'm fine!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng took out a dark golden longbow from his hand, and at the same time, took out a black arrow from the quiver.
"Oh? A semi-divine bow, and a divine arrow, "Yu Ze said in a strange tone, not knowing whether it was envy or ridicule.
As for Qing Feng, he opened his eyes slightly and glanced at it, then closed his eyes again and didn't say anything. Divine weapons were rare in the Upper Realm, but Luo Zheng's bow was only a semi-divine weapon. The black arrow had the power of a divine weapon, but it was a consumable, so they didn't put it in their eyes.
After obtaining this bow, this was the first time Luo Zheng was trying it out. After all, as long as they were in the Greater Thousand World, there was no way Wu Zhanhe could escape his lock. Luo Zheng was indeed using him as a target.
The moment Luo Zheng put the arrow on the bow, he seemed to have a telepathic connection with the black arrow. It was as if the black arrow could understand Luo Zheng's intentions, and Luo Zheng could control the black arrow.
"This divine weapon can communicate with people's minds?" Luo Zheng thought curiously.
So far, the best weapon Luo Zheng had obtained was only this dark golden bow, but it was only a semi-divine weapon. As for a divine longsword, Luo Zheng wanted to have one, but it was a little difficult now. He estimated that he could only find one in the Upper Realm.
"Draw the bow!"
Weng …
Under Luo Zheng's pull, the bowstring emitted a faint humming sound. To draw the bow, Luo Zheng had used up nearly 200 dragon scales!
In front of him, Luo Zheng's line of sight was blocked by a cloud of black poisonous fog, and he could not see Wu Zhanhe's figure clearly with his naked eyes. He had just shot out like that, and he did not know how far he had escaped. But with a thought, Luo Zheng closed his eyes.
He directly searched for Wu Zhanhe's location through the will of the Upper Realm in his mind!
"Found it …" He said in a low voice, and then his fingers gently loosened.
Whoosh —
The black arrow shot out at this moment, directly piercing through the dense poisonous fog.
The black arrow's speed wasn't particularly fast at the beginning, about the same as the speed of an ordinary Divine Sea Realm expert at full speed.
However, when the black arrow shot out, Luo Zheng still felt that he was in a state of mind with the arrow. He felt that the black arrow seemed to contain three divine runes, and as long as he willed it, the divine runes would be activated!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's mind was stirred.
"Pa!"
A crisp explosion came from afar.
When this sound came, the black arrow's speed suddenly doubled!
"Explode again!"
"Pa!"
The black arrow's speed increased again. The faster the arrow was, the more powerful it was!
"Explode again!"
"Pa!"
At this time, the black arrow's speed had reached its limit. At this speed, even a Divine Sea Realm expert couldn't dodge it. Even when Luo Zheng controlled Feng Nianyun's body, he could only barely dodge it!
And Wu Zhanhe was just a Life and Death Realm warrior …
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe maintained his speed and madly fled. As he flew, he released his perception, but found that Luo Zheng didn't chase after him.
However, the moment he used his perception, he found an arrow behind him!
"You want to kill me with an arrow?"
At this moment, Wu Zhanhe thought it was impossible. With his speed, an ordinary arrow couldn't catch up with him.
Unfortunately, the black arrow's speed had exceeded the speed of Wu Zhanhe's mind. When he thought of this, the black arrow had already pierced through his mind, passing through the back of his head and drilling out between his eyebrows in an instant, leaving only a small bloody hole.
His body was frozen in mid-air. The remaining True Yuan was still working, allowing him to float in the air.
However, after a breath, the True Yuan dispersed. His body was like a heavy sandbag, falling straight down from the air and smashing into a hill with a loud bang.
Huff, huff, huff …
Luo Zheng gently turned the longbow and directly put it into the Sumeru Ring. With a smile on his face, he said to Boss Mo, "Thank you, Boss Mo. I've killed those who should be killed!"
Although there were former members of the Tian Xie Sect here, the remaining False Tribulation Realm warriors were nothing to be afraid of. They weren't worth his time.
From the beginning to the end, the time spent from Tianqi City to South Heaven Qin Mountain to kill Wu Zhanhe was probably less than the time it took for three incense sticks to burn.
Boss Mo nodded his head slightly. Now that they were done with what they needed to do, they could finally set off.
Then, Ha Peng controlled the Eight Trigrams Wheel and returned to Tianqi City. At this time, the crowd was still gathered in front of the Tianchen Palace and hadn't dispersed. In the end, seeing the Eight Trigrams Wheel return, the three leaders and Ning Yudie revealed a strange expression. It had only been a few incense sticks' worth of time. Why did it turn back?
Who knew that Luo Zheng would tell them that Wu Zhanhe had been killed by him in South Heaven Qin Mountain …
This efficiency was indeed extremely fast. It directly stunned everyone. Other people had to sharpen their knives to kill a chicken, but Luo Zheng had already taken the life of Wu Zhanhe, who was thousands of miles away.
＝＝＝＝＝