The group of Divine Realm experts from the Demi-Immortal Clan had given Luo Zheng a lot of time, and it was time for him to leave.
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin both looked bitter. They had only met for less than two hours, and now they had to leave in a hurry. However, Ning Yudie could see that the group of super experts on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams was not particularly friendly with Luo Zheng. Now was not the time to throw a tantrum. She could only hope that Luo Zheng would quickly return to the Central Domain after he finished his business.
This time, it was inconvenient to bring Feng Nianyun with him to the Sea God Continent. Luo Zheng temporarily put her down and let the World Business Alliance take care of her.
However, because of this, Gu Peier was not happy. However, Qinglong told Luo Zheng that although the Soul Seal Technique was difficult to break, it had its own ways. There was no need to seek help from the Demi-Immortal Clan. Luo Zheng naturally did not care about Gu Peier's expression. After all, Feng Nianyun seemed to hate Gu Peier very much.
After making some preparations, Boss Mo waved his hand again and left a blood-red cross-shaped rune in Tianqi City. He also left a locator talisman in Tianqi City. Then, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams slowly rose again and rushed towards the southeast direction that Luo Zheng had pointed out.
Through the memory of the Vast Thousand Worlds, Luo Zheng had a concrete outline of the Vast Thousand Worlds. In this Vast Thousand Worlds, only twenty percent of the land was occupied by land, while the vast and boundless ocean took up eighty percent! A few main continents were concentrated in the west of the Vast Thousand Worlds, such as the Divine Kingdom Continent and the Central Domain. In addition, there was a huge wild land in the north of the Divine Kingdom Continent.
The Sea God Continent was an exception. This continent was isolated on the other side of the Vast Thousand Worlds, so there was a completely different culture on the Sea God Continent.
After leaving the southeast corner of the Central Domain, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams maintained a straight line at high speed, and began to fly steadily forward.
Going to the Sea God Continent without using the Teleportation Formation would take one across half of the Great Thousand World. Even for a Divine Realm warrior, it would be impossible to arrive there in an instant.
Although Luo Zheng could return to the Immortal Tomb of Heaven Mist and use the teleportation portal to reach the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng still had some reservations about the seven Demi-Immortals. He didn't want to disturb Daoist Heaven Mist's slumber.
At this speed, other than the blue horizon and blue sky, it was as if there was nothing between heaven and earth.
Most of the time, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams was silent. Other than the occasional whimper of the Ancestral Dragon, everyone else was sitting cross-legged, meditating like monks. Ultimate God Realm warriors had already opened up their Inner Worlds. Luo Zheng had also seen Feng Nianyun's Inner World. Ultimate God Realm warriors had already opened up their Inner Worlds. Luo Zheng guessed that these people were probably managing their Inner Worlds.
"Caw caw …"
The Ancestral Dragon that had been curled up beside Luo Zheng suddenly cried out. Its large eyes stared at Luo Zheng without moving.
Seeing this little thing, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Only then did he remember how he should deal with this little thing.
Qinglong had asked him to take this Ancestral Dragon egg. However, ever since the Ancestral Dragon hatched, Luo Zheng hadn't had the time to think about what to do with it.
When Luo Zheng asked Qinglong, Qinglong's voice drifted over. "This Ancestral Dragon has already been tainted with your imprint. If you forcefully remove it, it will affect it to a certain extent. That's probably why the Demi-Immortals didn't take it from you."
The key reason why the Demi-Immortals didn't take the Ancestral Dragon away was that they recognized Luo Zheng's identity. At the same time, they also knew that forcefully removing the imprint would negatively affect the Ancestral Dragon. After confirming the location of the Exquisite Pagoda, they would most likely bring Luo Zheng to the Demi-Immortals and raise the Ancestral Dragon exclusively …
Of course, this also depended on Luo Zheng's talent. If it was as Luo Zheng said, that he had obtained the title of Golden Demi-Immortal, then everything would be completely different.
Azure Dragon knew that Luo Zheng wasn't lying. "So, let's see what the Demi-Immortals plan to do," he said. "The way I see it, they'll let you raise the ancestral dragon. Heh heh." Obviously, Azure Dragon knew that Luo Zheng wasn't lying. Someone as talented as him would shine in any corner of the world. Once the Demi-Immortals knew how talented he was, they wouldn't offend him.
"Let me raise it!" Luo Zheng's face revealed a look of astonishment.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng had never intended to do this. It was Qinglong's idea to enter the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land to obtain the Ancestral Dragon's egg. He didn't want to take care of the little guy.
Qinglong said indifferently, "What's wrong? You don't want to? This imprint is even stronger than the contract between Huo Yuner and the True Phoenix. Moreover, the Ancestral Dragon's talent is much stronger than the True Phoenix's. When this little guy grows up, it will be a great help to you in the future. "
"But I don't know how to raise this little guy!" Luo Zheng knew that from Qinglong's standpoint, he wouldn't harm him. Since the Ancestral Dragon was the object of worship of the entire True Dragon Clan, its talent must be extraordinary. The problem was that Luo Zheng really didn't intend to raise it.
Qinglong smiled faintly and said, "The Ancestral Dragon grows very quickly. It won't be long before it grows up. You won't need to worry about it, so you should try your best to fight for it with the Demi-Immortal Clan."
Luo Zheng wasn't convinced by Qinglong, but when he saw the little guy curled up next to him and fall asleep, Luo Zheng blinked and finally nodded.
In Luo Zheng's mind, Qinglong's huge dragon eyes revealed a trace of loneliness for the first time. The red dragon felt Qinglong's emotions and communicated with him, "Ninth brother, if they are heartless, we won't be righteous either. Even if we don't care about our clan, wouldn't it be better for us nine brothers to set up our own clan?"
The red dragon's temperament was straightforward and fiery, so he didn't think as much as Qinglong. Qinglong's dragon head shook slightly and he said faintly, "Alas, we nine brothers are from the True Dragon Clan after all. It's not wrong to rely on the Ancestral Dragon to set up our own clan, but alas!"
There were many disputes within the True Dragon Clan. Back then, the nine True Dragons had paid a huge price because of this dispute. Up until now, only two True Dragon souls had been awakened.
If it weren't for Luo Zheng, perhaps this dispute of the "Mystery of the Nine Dragons" would have slowly been drowned in the long river of history. However, as Luo Zheng grew stronger step by step, Qinglong realized that he had found an opportunity. If the Ancestral Dragon and Luo Zheng grew together, Luo Zheng would help them rebuild the Sky Spill Body in the future, and they would be able to set up a new True Dragon Clan. Qinglong was happy, but when he thought of the past, he sank into sorrow …
The Wheel of Eight Trigrams flew at an extremely fast speed. It only took a few hours to cross the Chaotic Astral Ocean from the Divine Kingdom Continent to the Central Domain. However, from the Central Domain to the Sea God Continent, it took a full two days and two nights!
On the way, Luo Zheng also encountered several huge Fierce Beasts. For example, there were Fierce Beasts in the sea that were two thousand feet long, and there was also a giant bird with a wingspan of more than ten thousand feet, like a palace in the sky. However, these Level 11 Fierce Beasts, which were comparable to Divine Sea Realm experts, were keenly aware of the group of Divine Realm experts on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams. Their faces were filled with fear, and they didn't dare to provoke them.
As for Gu Pei 'er and the others of the Demi-Immortal Clan, they weren't interested in these Fierce Beasts. There weren't many things in the lower world that could interest them. Their goal was only the Exquisite Pagoda.
After two days and two nights, a continent appeared in front of them again. It was the Sea God Continent that they hadn't seen for a long time.
"Where is the Exquisite Pagoda located on this continent?" Qingfeng asked indifferently.
Luo Zheng nodded, and then said, "It's right in the center of this continent!"
"Very good." Qingfeng smiled coldly, and said to Ha Peng, "Let's go."
At this time, Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "If you want to get close to the Exquisite Pagoda, I'm afraid it won't be that easy …"
"What do you mean?" Not only Qingfeng, but the others also frowned at the same time. As the saying goes, seeing is believing. Although Luo Zheng said it as if it was true, before they saw the Exquisite Pagoda, they kept a skeptical attitude towards anything Luo Zheng said.