In the past, Daoist Tian Miao had also stepped into the Sea God Continent. However, he was intimidated by the cursed land. In the end, he could only build a huge transportation array to connect the two continents. Then, he waited for countless years in the Tian Miao Immortal Tomb before Luo Zheng arrived.
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, Daoist Tian Miao was also a Peak Divine expert. With his strength, he couldn't enter the cursed land. Then, the seven people in front of him couldn't enter either.
Previously, Luo Zheng could also enter the cursed land unimpeded. However, at that time, he was only in the Divine Reflection Realm. Now that Luo Zheng had advanced to the Life and Death Realm, he would naturally be affected by the power of the curse.
Luo Zheng briefly explained the cursed land to everyone. Boss Mo's face slightly darkened. However, he still ordered Ha Peng to control the Eight Trigrams Wheel to continue forward.
As they sped through the skies of the Sea God's Continent, they soon saw a distinct line on the Sea God's Continent. Everything on the outside of the line seemed normal, but the inside of the line was pitch-black. There were no plants, no living creatures, just like a monochromatic black world ….
"This is the cursed land?" Boss Mo stared below and said.
After Luo Zheng nodded, Qing Feng said, "Let's go down and take a look."
As Peak Divine experts, they weren't reckless people. Since they already knew that the cursed land was so strange, they wouldn't rely on their cultivation base to force their way in.
After the Eight Trigrams Wheel slowly descended, the seven people stepped down. Luo Zheng also jumped down with the Ancestral Gragon in his arms. The little thing in his arms looked at the cursed land with fear in its eyes. It seemed that it was also afraid of the power in the cursed land. It was afraid that Luo Zheng would bring it in.
"Ga Gu!"
Seeing the little thing's scared expression, Luo Zheng rubbed its head and said with a smile, "Don't worry. I won't bring you in."
Luo Zheng was also curious. Logically speaking, the Ancestral Dragon had just been born. Although it was extremely talented, it should only be treated as a Level 1 Direbeast and should not be affected by the power of the curse. Perhaps its fear came entirely from its keen instincts.
Looking at the cursed land, Boss Mo frowned and asked, "Qingfeng, what do you think?"
Qing Feng took two steps forward and was already close to the edge of the cursed land. If he took another step forward, he would enter the cursed land. After pausing for two breaths, he actually stretched out a hand into the cursed land!
"Be careful, the power of the curse is very strong!" Luo Zheng warned.
Back then, Luo Zheng had personally witnessed two Battle-Saints being turned into a pool of blood. The power of the curse was not something that could be resisted by humans.
Qing Feng didn't listen to Luo Zheng's advice and insisted on reaching his hand into the cursed land!
It would take some time for the power of the curse to take effect. Qing Feng wanted to test how strong the power of the curse was.
After a while, Qing Feng's expression suddenly changed. He instantly withdrew his hand and retreated quickly. At the same time, he shouted, "Pei 'er!"
Gu Pei 'er took a step forward and the flower in her right eye began to rotate rapidly. At the same time, a light pink light was released from the stamen of the flower!
It was under the illumination of this light that some things were revealed!
Luo Zheng looked over and found that it was a group of ugly little ghosts!
These little ghosts were about the size of a finger. Although they were small, they looked extremely disgusting. There were hundreds of them densely stacked together. They swarmed toward Qing Feng's right hand and kept biting it!
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
At this time, Qing Feng had already activated his protective Zhen Yuan. At the same time, he released a small enchantment to protect his right hand. However, these little ghosts were completely speechless. Under the biting of his enchantment and protective Zhen Yuan, the flesh on Qing Feng's hand turned into pus and flowed slowly. It looked very miserable!
After a breath, those little ghosts had already bitten Qing Feng's right hand clean. They even wanted to spread along Qing Feng's arm.
However, he was a bold person. He calmly glanced at Yu Ze, who was beside him. Yu Ze had already slashed out with his Onyx Blade.
"Puchi!"
Qing Feng's right hand, which was only left with the bones, instantly broke and fell to the ground.
Those little ghosts couldn't spread along Qing Feng's flesh and blood. They turned around and continued to gnaw on Qing Feng's bones!
"Damn it, what the hell is this!" Yu Ze looked at those densely packed little ghosts and felt his scalp go numb. These little ghosts weren't strong, but they could ignore any Zhen Yuan defense. They could even penetrate Qing Feng's enchantment. This was too terrifying.
Qing Feng's eyes were indifferent. He gently waved his right arm, and a stream of golden blood flowed out from the broken arm. The blood flowed continuously and gathered into the shape of a hand. Finally, after the golden light dissipated, it began to form the bones and meridians. Soon, it formed the skin. In a short while, a right hand was formed!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was amazed. This Qing Feng was so arrogant. He indeed had a great ability. Even in the lower realm, a broken arm could be reconstructed. However, after the reconstruction, his strength would be greatly reduced. It could even become a flaw in his body.
However, looking at Qing Feng's nonchalant expression, he was afraid that this ability of his could completely restore his broken arm without leaving any flaws …
"Da da da …"
Under the light pink light emitted by the flower above Gu Pei 'er's right eye, those little ghosts couldn't hide. At the same time, everyone could hear the densely packed sounds of gnawing, which made them shudder.
Boss Mo slowly walked over. He lowered his head and looked at those little ghosts. He asked, "This thing, could it be …"
"It's the Ghost Curse Technique. However, it's really rare to release such a large-scale Ghost Curse Technique in the lower realm!" Gu Pei 'er said indifferently.
In other aspects, Boss Mo and Qing Feng knew a lot. However, in the aspect of Soul Curse Technique, Gu Pei 'er was an expert.
"Da da da …"
Under the continuous gnawing, the bones in Qing Feng's hand quickly disappeared. Then, those little ghosts scattered and flew toward the cursed land. Soon, they disappeared in front of everyone.
Boss Mo looked at the cursed land. He frowned and asked Luo Zheng, "You're saying that only warriors below the Life and Death Realm can enter this cursed land?"
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "In this continent, False Tribulation Realm warriors are called War Revered. As long as the warriors of the Sea God Continent cultivate to the peak of War Revered, which is the late stage of False Tribulation Realm, they must leave the cursed land. Otherwise, they will be cursed to death."
This cursed land was a forbidden place for War Sages and Divine Sea Realm warriors.
Gu Pei 'er said indifferently, "This Ghost Curse Technique has a target set. It's not difficult!"
"What should we do? How do we go to the Exquisite Pagoda?" The burly man asked.
Qing Feng stared at the cursed land and said, "I don't believe that this cursed land is filled with this Ghost Curse Technique!"
Gu Pei 'er smiled, "Why don't you take a look?" As soon as her voice fell, the flower in her right eye rotated gently and released a light pink light that was a hundred times larger than before.
Under this light, Luo Zheng, Boss Mo, Qing Feng, and the others were shocked.
In this cursed land, there were countless little ghosts densely packed together. Because there were too many of them, they were squeezed together and crazily surged!
Perhaps because the space was too crowded, these little ghosts seemed to be devouring each other. However, after devouring, new little ghosts were born …
"Cough cough cough …" Seeing this scene, Yu Ze's hair stood on end. He hurriedly said, "Senior sister, quickly extinguish your light!"
Not only Yu Ze, but other than Boss Mo and Gu Pei 'er, the others showed uncomfortable expressions.