Only the light pink light released by Gu Peier could reveal the true form of the cursed land!
When Luo Zheng entered the cursed land, if he knew that it was filled with small ghosts, no matter how bold he was, it would be difficult for him to enter …
Probably because Yu Ze, Qing Feng, and the others were not used to it, Gu Peier smiled slightly and withdrew the light pink light.
The small ghosts that were originally densely packed suddenly disappeared, and the cursed land in front of them became empty again.
"Huff, huff …"
Yu Ze touched his chest and muttered, "It's so disgusting!"
Boss Mo shook his head and said, "So, it's impossible to force our way in."
Qing Feng nodded, "These small ghosts can't stop us at all. If we enter, we will be eaten up by them. It seems that we can only report this matter to the higher-ups."
Hearing Qing Feng's words, Boss Mo frowned and said slowly, "This time, when we descended to the lower realm, we didn't get rid of the evil dragon, and the ancestral dragon …" He looked at Luo Zheng. The ancestral dragon directly left a mark on Luo Zheng, "Now that we can't confirm the Linglong Pagoda, are we really going back empty-handed?"
Qing Feng shrugged, "What else do you want?"
Boss Mo still stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I still want to enter the Linglong Pagoda to take a look."
Qing Feng rolled his eyes. In his heart, he felt that Boss Mo's words were nonsense. The problem was that everyone had clearly seen the scene just now. Was this cursed land a place where they could enter?
Yu Ze suddenly thought of something and stared at Luo Zheng with a sneer, "I know, Luo Zheng, you already knew that we were destined to not be able to enter the cursed land, so you boasted that you got some title. Anyway, we can't verify it."
Luo Zheng's face revealed a cold smile. He was too lazy to pay attention to this guy.
At this moment, Boss Mo's eyes fell on Ha Peng and asked, "Ha Peng, this time, did you bring a puppet?"
"Puppet!"
"Yes, Ha Peng's puppet!"
Everyone's eyes suddenly lit up. Ha Peng was not only proficient in all kinds of flying tools, but he was also a puppet master!
If everyone borrowed Ha Peng's puppet, they would also be able to enter the Cursed Land unimpeded. Because of the existence of the Cursed Land, they didn't expect to bring the Linglong Pagoda with them. However, they still wanted to confirm it. Especially Yu Ze, he really wanted to expose Luo Zheng's lie. If they entered the Linglong Pagoda and didn't see Luo Zheng's title on the Innate Talent Monument, then they would see how this brat would explain himself!
When Ha Peng saw that everyone was looking at him, he said helplessly, "Unfortunately, I didn't bring any puppets this time …"
Hearing Ha Peng's words, everyone immediately felt discouraged. They had come all the way here, and their last trace of hope had been obliterated.
However, Boss Mo said, "It shouldn't be difficult for you to make a few sets of puppets using local materials, right?"
Ha Peng nodded, "Not at all. However, the puppets made from materials from the Lower World will have their power greatly reduced. They won't be able to make puppets that are comparable to the Spirit Sea Realm."
"Spirit Sea Realm puppets …"
Hearing Ha Peng's tone, it seemed that he could make such powerful puppets. Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. No wonder these people from the Demi-Immortal Tribe were so arrogant. The difference between the Lower World and the Upper World was indeed shocking.
"Okay! Why do we need to be so powerful? We're not going in to fight. We'll just look for materials on this continent. "Yu Ze sneered as he stared at Luo Zheng. Normally, when a person's lie was about to be exposed, there would be some anxiety on their face. He wanted to find this kind of expression on Luo Zheng's face, but he was a little disappointed this time.
Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest anxiety on his face. Instead, he said, "I'm familiar with several races on this Sea God Continent. If we lack any resources, they should have a reserve. It will be much easier than us finding them ourselves."
"That's also very good," Boss Mo said with a smile.
Then everyone returned to the Wheel of Eight Trigrams. This time, they followed Luo Zheng's directions and headed straight for the Heavenly Feather Holy Land!
The Sea God Continent wasn't big, especially since the cursed land occupied the center. The surrounding area was probably much smaller than the Central Domain. In less than an incense stick's worth of time, the Wheel of Eight Trigrams had arrived above the Heavenly Feather Holy Land.
But just as the Wheel of Eight Trigrams arrived, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. He saw a long column of smoke rising from the Holy Tree in the distance. At the same time, a powerful True Essence fluctuation came from the distance!
"War?" Luo Zheng's eyes twitched and he frowned.
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land had Liu Yu in charge. How could the other races dare to challenge the Demon Night Clan?
When Luo Zheng was in trouble, the Purple Heart Holy Land joined forces with the Heavenly Feather Holy Land to send many Battle-Saints to the Central Domain. Even Situ Haotian and several Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Night Clan personally came to the Central Domain!
The reason why the experts of the two Holy Lands dared to come out in full force was because Liu Yu was in charge of the Demon Night Clan. As the strongest existence on the Sea God Continent, she was also the one with the highest talent. She alone was enough to guard the Purple Heart Holy Land and the Heavenly Feather Holy Land!
It could be said that as long as Liu Yu was here, the Twin Devil Holy Land wouldn't dare to act rashly.
But now, a war had broken out in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land? Could something have happened to Liu Yu?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face darkened. He jumped down and rushed towards the Purple Heart Holy Land.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Hundreds of streaks of light intersected in the sky. Those were Battle-Saints fighting!
Luo Zheng sized them up and a cold light flashed in his eyes. "It really is the Demon Race! The Twin Devil Holy Land … They actually dared to attack the Heavenly Feather Holy Land! "
At this moment, two streaks of light intersected. One of the streaks of light dragged a long and narrow white light, and within that white light, there was a flourishing light.
Ling Yan? Following that streak of light, Luo Zheng saw a woman flying at high speed.
At this moment, Ling Yan was already in an extremely sorry state. Her slender body was covered with injuries. Her waist had a bloody wound that was so deep that the bone could be seen, and the clothes on her body were also extremely messy. However, she still clenched her teeth and continued to fight with her opponent!
Ling Yan's opponent was a Battle-Saint of the Demon Race!
At that time, Ling Yan was a peak War Reverend. Aside from Luo Zheng, she was the most powerful existence in the Tower of Sin. However, after leaving the Tower of Sin, her cultivation base increased and she became a first level Battle-Saint. Although she had used the Light of Creation accumulated in the Tower of Sin to break through several times and finally became a second level Battle-Saint, it was still difficult for her to deal with the fourth level Battle-Saint of the Devil Race.
"Hahahahaha! Ling Yan, I think you should just surrender. Woman of the Demon Night Clan, tsk tsk! I won't kill you. Although you and I are not of the same race, if you become my captive, I guarantee that I will make you wish you were dead for the rest of your life! " The Battle-Saint of the Demon Race laughed arrogantly. However, he did not relax the fiery-red broadsword in his hand. Streaks of light from the broadsword went straight for Ling Yan's vital points.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and approached Ling Yan.
Ling Yan's perception was very sharp. Although she was concentrating on dodging the broadsword of the Battle-Saint of the Demon Race, her perception was still paying attention to her surroundings. When Luo Zheng rushed toward her, she almost subconsciously judged Luo Zheng as a Demon Race. Therefore, her figure suddenly spun and flowers bloomed. Those flowers uniformly changed direction and pierced toward Luo Zheng!
"Ling Yan, it's me!" Luo Zheng's figure flashed and dodged those flowers.
Hearing this familiar voice, Ling Yan suddenly turned her head and looked over. Originally, there was a trace of confusion on Ling Yan's face, but the moment she saw Luo Zheng, her face immediately revealed an expression of great joy. Within this joy, there was also an expression of disbelief. She never thought that Luo Zheng would actually come back.
"Luo Zheng!" Ling Yan called out.
When the Battle-Saint of the Demon Race, who was hot on her heels, heard the name "Luo Zheng", he was slightly taken aback. Then, he used his gaze to size up Luo Zheng.
To the Twin Devil Holy Land, the name Luo Zheng was like a nightmare. It was this guy who single-handedly drove the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin. However, although Luo Zheng's name was resounding, the majority of the Demon Race had never seen his true appearance.
＝＝＝＝＝