Just like the Devil Clan Battle-Saint in front of her, he had already left the Tower of Sin a few years ago, breaking through the shackles of a Peak Battle-Saint and stepping into the ranks of Battle-Saints.
Naturally, he could no longer enter the Cursed Land, nor could he enter the Tower of Sin.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's name was engraved in his heart like a brand, but he had never seen Luo Zheng.
Hearing Ling Yan shout out the two words "Luo Zheng," the Devil Clan Battle-Saint suddenly revealed an excited expression, "Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng … Hahahahaha, I heard that you had already left the Sea God Continent, and I felt very regretful! I didn't expect that you would actually dare to come back to court death! Interesting, interesting! "
After Ling Yan saw Luo Zheng, she was excited, but she suddenly thought of something! Now was not the right time for Luo Zheng to appear. Although she had already seen Luo Zheng's cultivation breakthrough, he was still only a first level Battle-Saint!
Luo Zheng's strength naturally could not be measured by cultivation. Back then, when he was only a Battle-Saint, he had already killed a Battle-Saint!
The problem was that the Twin Devil Holy Land and the Heavenly Feather Holy Land had launched a huge sect war, and there were several almighty Spirit Sea Realm experts among them. In a moment, the almighty Spirit Sea Realm experts would arrive, and Luo Zheng would only have a dead end.
"Luo Zheng, run! The Heavenly Feather Holy Land is about to fall, run! "Ling Yan warned with all her might.
Luo Zheng was indifferent to Ling Yan's warning. His eyes darkened, and he asked, "The Heavenly Feather Holy Land has Liu Yu overseeing it. Why does the Twin Devil Holy Land dare to attack?"
Before Ling Yan could explain, the Devil Clan Battle-Saint sneered, "Since you're here, you still want to escape! You're dreaming! " The Devil Clan Battle-Saint had long heard of Luo Zheng's name, and all the Devil Clan people in the Twin Devil Holy Land hated Luo Zheng to the bone.
After all, when Luo Zheng drove the Demon Race out of the Sin Tower, it was akin to cutting off the Twin Devil Holy Land's path of retreat. Without the help of the Sin Tower, the Twin Devil Holy Land's decline was only a matter of time.
At that time, when many peak Battle-Sages of the Demon Clan returned to the Twin Devil Holy Land, everyone in the Twin Devil Holy Land, from Battle-Sages to Battle-Sages, was cursing Luo Zheng like boiling water. As for this Battle-Sage of the Demon Clan, he was so angry that he directly tore down his house!
If it wasn't for the fact that anyone who entered the Cursed Lands would definitely die, he probably would have directly charged into the Cursed Lands and torn Luo Zheng to pieces.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng again, how could he let Luo Zheng off so easily?
"Sou!"
The body of the Devil Race was huge. This Devil Race Battle-Saint was like a small mountain. He directly rushed towards Luo Zheng. The large blade in his hand was mixed with a heavy pressure. He wanted to cut Luo Zheng in two.
"Luo Zheng!"
Ling Yan had a certain amount of confidence in Luo Zheng. She believed that after Luo Zheng entered the Life and Death Realm, his strength had also made a qualitative leap. Just now, she was only worried that Luo Zheng would die in the hands of those Spirit Sea Realm experts. However, she hadn't seen Luo Zheng for some time. She also didn't know how much strength Luo Zheng had after advancing to the Battle-Sage realm.
Therefore, seeing that Luo Zheng didn't dodge, Ling Yan was still somewhat worried.
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent. He actually allowed this blade to cut his body.
In this vast world, Luo Zheng didn't even need to rely on the body of a sacred artifact. He just transferred the power of the saber to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Therefore, Luo Zheng's body didn't even sway when he received the saber!
"You're called Sola, right?" Luo Zheng indifferently looked at this Devil Race Battle-Saint.
This Devil Race Battle-Saint called Sola's face was filled with astonishment. That blade just now had exploded with ten layers of vital essence! Although this Sola was reckless, the Devil Race had always been like this. Although he was reckless, he didn't lack wit. Although he looked down on Luo Zheng, in fact, he also had a certain degree of confidence in Luo Zheng's strength. Therefore, when he attacked, he used one hundred percent of his strength!
However, he absolutely didn't expect that his full-strength blade couldn't even make Luo Zheng sway. This kid … was he really a first rank Battle-Saint?
"You, how do you know my name?" In addition to being shocked, Sola's face also revealed a puzzled expression.
"I've lived for one hundred and ninety-two years, three months, and thirteen days …" Luo Zheng indifferently said again.
"You, you … how do you know?!" The astonishment on Sola's face became even more intense.
At this time, even Ling Yan was looking at Luo Zheng with a face full of astonishment. The almighty Divine Sea Realm experts on the Sea God Continent were few and far between, but there were many Battle-Saints among the major races, especially the Twin Devil Holy Ground and the Demon Night Clan. This Luo Zheng was able to accurately identify this Devil Race Battle-Saint. More importantly, he also knew Sola's age, and he was even able to accurately determine the month and day!
Even the Heavenly Feather Holy Ground's intelligence system couldn't be so accurate. How did Luo Zheng know?
Luo Zheng didn't answer Sola's question. He only shook his head indifferently, "However, your lifespan ends here …"
After saying this, Luo Zheng grasped Sola's blade and the power of dragon scales in his body suddenly dissipated. To deal with a warrior of this level, one thousand dragon scales were more than enough!
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng casually twisted the medium-grade sacred artifact in Sola's hand, and it directly began to break from the middle.
At this moment, a great sense of fear suddenly rose in Sola's heart. This sense of fear didn't only come from Luo Zheng's abnormal strength, but also from a special feeling. He felt that Luo Zheng was an omniscient existence and knew everything about him clearly!
Under the influence of this fear, Sola turned around and wanted to escape. The Devil Race, who was known for being good at fighting, actually chose to escape in a single confrontation!
"Escape?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent. His figure suddenly turned into a thin line and caught up with Sola in an instant. His hand was already on Sola's neck.
Immediately after, a crisp sound was heard. Under the tremendous force, this Devil Race Battle-Saint's head was separated from his body!
Ling Yan looked at the scene in front of her in astonishment and was speechless. She knew that after Luo Zheng was promoted to a Battle-Saint, he was no small matter. However, Ling Yan didn't think that Luo Zheng was abnormal to this extent!
Although Battle-Saints were divided into nine stages, they were the same as the Life and Death Realm. Every stage had to undergo a minor Heaven's Tribulation!
Some warriors had already broken through to the Spirit Sea Realm when they reached the fifth or sixth stage. Therefore, this Devil Race Battle-Saint named Sola was equivalent to a late stage Battle-Saint. Yet, he was killed by Luo Zheng with just one hand?
To be able to kill a fourth stage Devil Race Battle-Saint so easily, perhaps only a Spirit Sea Realm expert could do it.
When Luo Zheng was at the initial stage Battle-Saint, he was already able to fight against an initial stage Battle-Saint. Could it be that this guy could really maintain such abnormal strength and could already fight against a Spirit Sea Realm expert?
In fact, Ling Yan's guess was half right and half wrong.
Luo Zheng's strength was indeed enough to fight against a Spirit Sea Realm expert. However, he lacked one crucial thing. That was his own domain!
After merging with the will of the boundless world, Luo Zheng formed a connection with the boundless world. As long as the boundless world wasn't destroyed, Luo Zheng couldn't be killed. However, if a Spirit Sea Realm expert used his domain to cut off Luo Zheng's connection with the boundless world, Luo Zheng would still be in danger.
However, the strength he displayed was already shocking enough!
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
In the sky above the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground, hundreds of flying lights were still intertwining. The Demon Night Clan was now at a complete disadvantage.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng asked Ling Yan, "Ling Yan, you still haven't answered my question. Why did the Twin Devil Sacred Ground dare to attack the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground? Where's Liu Yu? "
Ling Yan's face revealed a trace of resentment, "Lord Liu Yu is undergoing his tribulation!"
"Great Heaven's Tribulation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes! The Twin Devil Sacred Ground couldn't hold back any longer. They took advantage of this opportunity to attack the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground! "Ling Yan said angrily.
After entering the Life and Death Realm, or in other words, becoming a Battle Saint, one had to face a heavenly tribulation. The Life and Death Realm was known as the minor heavenly tribulation, while the Spirit Sea Realm was known as the major heavenly tribulation. The major heavenly tribulation was much more powerful and terrifying than the minor heavenly tribulation.
Although Liu Yu's talent was great, according to common sense, the major heavenly tribulation that descended would be even more terrifying.
In the past, because the Tower of Sin maintained the delicate balance of the entire Sea God Continent, the various races were harmonious and didn't have a falling out. At that time, even if Liu Yu was undergoing his major heavenly tribulation, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground wouldn't take such a huge risk to attack the Purple Heart Sacred Ground.
But now, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground had no way out. When the Demon Night Clan and the human race rapidly grew stronger, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground's destruction was only a matter of time. Therefore, the Twin Devil Sacred Ground chose to take advantage of Liu Yu's major heavenly tribulation to stake everything on one throw.