"So that's how it is." Luo Zheng nodded silently.
At that moment, a huge flame suddenly erupted in the sky. The shape of the flame was like that of a volcano, and the heat waves it emitted instantly caused the plants in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land to turn yellow and even charred!
Even Battle-Saints were unable to withstand the heatwaves from the flames, and all of them had to hide.
As the flame spread out, a demon slowly rose from the "volcano". The demon wore a three-pronged crown on his head and held a dark golden ghost head staff in his hand. He was clad in Crimson Cloud Golden Armor and looked extraordinarily powerful, like a heavenly general!
At this moment, the Demon Clan member was chasing after a blue-clothed lady. The blue-clothed lady's slender body was enveloped in a light blue water domain, blocking all the flames outside. However, no matter what she did, she couldn't shake off the Demon Clan member!
"Lady Lan Bing …" Seeing this scene, Ling Yan's face revealed a worried expression.
Luo Zheng had seen Lady Lan Bing before. She was another Divine Sea Realm expert of the Demon Night Clan.
The Twin Devil Holy Land had occupied the Sin Tower for the longest time. Compared to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, they had three more Divine Sea Realm experts. But the Heavenly Feather Holy Land only had one Divine Sea Realm expert, Liu Yu, to fight against three or four Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Race. That was why they were able to maintain a delicate balance.
But now, the Demon Night Clan woman named Lan Bing was clearly at a disadvantage. She was being suppressed by the Divine Sea Realm expert of the Demon Race!
Ling Yan wasn't the only one. The other Battle-Saints of the Demon Night Clan who were in the midst of a fierce battle with the Demon Race all revealed gloomy expressions. The top experts of their clan were defeated by the top experts of their opponent. It was a huge blow to their morale.
"Hahahaha, Lan Bing, your Heavenly Feather Holy Land is destined to be erased from the Sea God's Continent. Don't resist. You're all as beautiful as flowers anyway. It's not bad to be the servants of my Demon Race. Although it's an ignoble existence, it's better than having your clan wiped out, right?" The Divine Sea Realm expert of the Demon Race laughed.
Lan Bing's expression was still calm. The ripples that spread out from her body continued to sway. She coldly said, "Even if my Heavenly Feather Holy Land is destroyed, when Liuyu returns, your Twin Devil Holy Land will pay a painful price. Mo Xiao, do you think you can escape from Liuyu's pursuit?"
Liu Yu was the Sea Realm was in the Sea God's Continent. Luo Zheng was the strongest in the Central Domain, while Liu Yu was the strongest. As long as she had the chance, she could kill the Divine Divine Sea experts of the Twin.... of the Heavens. Luo Zheng.......
Faced with Lan Bing's threat, Mo Xiao didn't panic in the slightest. Instead, he laughed even more wildly. "Liu Yu? You're still hoping for her to come back? Hahaha, is going to Hundred Mile Island really a big secret to my Twin Devil Holy Land? "
Lan Bing's expression changed drastically when she heard Mo Xiao's words.
There were still a few small islands scattered around the Sea God's Continent. Liu Yu had quietly left before her tribulation. Even in the Demon Night Clan, only a few people knew where she went. But now, Mo Xiao had said it out loud!
This meant that the Twin Demon Holy Land already knew of Liu Yu's whereabouts. To a cultivator, transcending tribulation was extremely dangerous. The entire process could not be disturbed at all. If the Demon Holy Land knew of Liu Yu's whereabouts … it was very likely that Liu Yu's fate was sealed.
"You, you …" Lan Bing's expression finally darkened. Her Water Domain began to ripple wildly. Liu Yu was the Demon Night Clan's only hope. If Liu Yu died, the Sky Feather Sacred Ground would never be rebuilt!
Mo Xiao continued, "Do you think only our Flame Demon Holy Land has made a move? The Fear Demon Holy Land's people have already tracked Liu Yu. Hahaha! I've already made an agreement with Ku Ao. If we capture Liu Yu, we won't destroy her head. Instead, we'll soak her head in our Demon Race's secret potion. With Liu Yu's beauty, she'll become a perfect ornament in our Flame Demon Palace! "
The Demon Night Clan was forced to retreat again and again. Six of their Battle-Saints were killed by the Demon Race in a row. Cries of anguish could be heard throughout the Sky Feather Sacred Ground.
Seeing the Demon Race's Battle-Saints fighting harder and harder, Mo Xiao revealed an excited smile. His bell-like eyes stared at Lan Bing as he chuckled, "If you don't surrender, I'll cut off your head and put it in my bedroom!"
Then, Mo Xiao waved the Ghost Head Staff in his hand and charged at Lan Bing again. Under this attack, the raging flames on Mo Xiao's body burned even brighter. Lan Bing's Water Domain became increasingly unstable. She wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer before being defeated by Mo Xiao.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He took out the dark golden longbow and three black arrows from his spatial ring!
"Luo Zheng!" Seeing Luo Zheng about to attack Mo Xiao, Ling Yan immediately stopped him.
Although the strength that Luo Zheng displayed just now was formidable, Ling Yan did not think that Luo Zheng had the possibility of resisting a Divine Sea Realm almighty. Rashly launching an attack at a Divine Sea Realm almighty like this was undoubtedly equivalent to suicide!
However, Luo Zheng's expression was cold. Three black arrows were nocked on the longbow!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, the bowstring began to vibrate softly.
Then, Luo Zheng's fingers gently clenched and loosened. The three black arrows turned into three streaks of black light and pierced through the sky!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
When the three black arrows were released, they didn't attract much attention. After all, the sky above the Sky Feather Sacred Ground was in chaos. The three streaks of black light didn't look particularly fierce.
Mo Xiao did not notice the three arrows that were rapidly approaching him. He waved the ghost head staff in his hand wildly and roared at the same time, "It's useless to resist. My demon race's iron hooves are destined to trample on all races. The entire Sea God Continent …"
Before he could finish his sentence, he suddenly heard three crisp sounds.
"Pa pa pa!"
Just as Mo Xiao was feeling puzzled, he turned his head to look and heard another three crisp "Pa pa pa" sounds!
Each black arrow could accelerate three times in the air. Hence, after nine crisp sounds were heard, the three black arrows flew toward Mo Xiao at a terrifying speed!
"What is this?!" Mo Xiao felt the speed and power of the three streaks of black light. His face was filled with horror.
Lan Bing, who was struggling to hold on, also noticed the three streaks of black light. Her eyes were also filled with uncertainty. She looked in the direction of the three streaks of black light and focused her attention on a young man from the Human Race!
"Luo Zheng! Why did he return to the Sea God Continent?! "Lan Bing recognized Luo Zheng almost instantly.
When Mo Xiao felt the speed and power of the three streaks of black light, he gave up on dodging. It was too late for him to do so. However, giving up on dodging did not mean that he would not resist. His bronze arm, which was as thick as an elephant's leg, suddenly waved the Ghost Head Staff, which was as huge as a tree trunk, and smashed it toward the three black arrows.
The Demon Race was indeed powerful. However, the development of civilization on the Sea God Continent was far inferior to that of the Divine Kingdom Continent. It was even inferior to the Central Domain! In terms of forging and refining, they could only refine mid-grade saint artifacts at best, unlike some of the grandmasters in the four divine kingdoms who were able to refine divine artifacts! Of course, the forging of Divine Artifacts required the cooperation of the Upper Realm. Without the Reverse Spirit Channel, the four Divine Kingdoms could not forge Divine Artifacts.
Therefore, the Ghost Head Staff in Mo Xiao's hand was only a High Grade Sacred Artifact!
When Mo Xiao waved the Ghost Head Staff to smash the three black arrows, three muffled sounds rang out. The three black arrows, which carried the sharpness of the Divine Artifact, pierced through the Ghost Head Staff and shot toward Mo Xiao's body!
Mo Xiao attached great importance to the three black arrows. He gave up chasing Lan Bing almost instantly and used all his strength to block them!