As an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm, Mo Xiao's reaction speed was extremely fast. The moment the black arrow pierced through his Ghost Head Staff, his burly body began to twist at an unimaginable angle!
Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! Three black arrows instantly pierced through Mo Xiao's huge body. However, due to Mo Xiao's twisting, the three black arrows pierced through his right shoulder and thigh. One of the black arrows pierced through his chest and passed right through his heart.
There were six small bloody holes in his chest. However, this kind of injury was not fatal to a demon with a huge body!
However, the situation just now was extremely dangerous!
It should be known that two of the three black arrows shot by Luo Zheng were aimed at Mo Xiao's head and heart respectively. If he had not twisted his body at the last moment, Mo Xiao would have become a corpse by now!
Fortunately, he was able to avoid the three black arrows. Mo Xiao's face revealed a trace of fear. His gaze followed the source of the three arrows and his face revealed a look of shock and anger.
"Human … Moreover, he's only a beginner Battle-Saint. How could he shoot three terrifying arrows? This brat is definitely from the Purple Heart Holy Land. Where did he come from?" Mo Xiao stared at Luo Zheng.
Ling Yan, who was beside Luo Zheng, also covered her mouth. Her gaze towards Luo Zheng was tinged with a trace of reverence. She had a lot of contact with Luo Zheng in the Sin Tower and was very clear about Luo Zheng's potential. However, to be able to injure an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm of the Demon Clan with just three arrows was too outrageous.
Most importantly, Ling Yan could also see that those three arrows had almost taken Mo Xiao's life ….
"Human brat, not bad. You actually managed to injure me with just one move!" Mo Xiao said indifferently, "I'll give you a chance to challenge me. I'll crush your bones and kill you!"
In his shock and anger, Mo Xiao even gave up on the blue ice. At this moment, he gathered the raging flames and his huge body charged toward Luo Zheng at an unbelievable speed.
Above the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, both the Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan and the Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan stopped fighting. Obviously, they were also shocked by the three black arrows that Luo Zheng had just shot out. However, when they saw Mo Xiao rushing towards Luo Zheng, a cold smile appeared on the Battle-Saints of the Demon Clan's faces.
Although the black arrows in this human brat's hands were very strange, he was still just a beginner Battle-Saint. Provoking their Ancestor Mo Xiao was simply courting death!
Mo Xiao's body was like a small mountain that was flying at high speed towards Luo Zheng. Along with the sunlight, it formed an expanding shadow that covered Luo Zheng's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng did not dodge at all. His eyes were filled with certainty.
"Luo Zheng?" When Ling Yan saw that Luo Zheng didn't dodge, she became anxious. She knew that Luo Zheng couldn't escape even if he wanted to. It was impossible for him to escape from the hands of a Divine Ocean Realm expert!
However, Luo Zheng just calmly shouted at Ling Yan, "Ling Yan, back off!"
At the same time, the power of the dragon scales in Luo Zheng's body began to circulate crazily.
One thousand, two thousand, three thousand, four thousand, five thousand!
Limit!
This Divine Ocean Realm expert named Mo Xiao didn't use his domain. He probably underestimated Luo Zheng and thought that there was no need to use his domain to deal with a beginner Battle-Saint.
For Luo Zheng, this was an opportunity.
As long as he wasn't trapped in the domain of a Divine Ocean Realm expert, Luo Zheng was almost invincible in the Great Thousand World. He had to use all his strength while his opponent underestimated him!
"Haha! A puny first level Battle-Saint actually didn't dodge. How courageous! " Seeing that Luo Zheng was standing still like a mountain, Mo Xiao felt a little strange, but he was even more furious! This puny Battle-Saint dared to challenge him? "However, the price for your courage is to crush you into powder!"
After saying that, Mo Xiao's arm, which was as thick as an elephant's leg, suddenly swelled up. His bronze fist was already half the size of Luo Zheng's body!
"Go to hell, little guy!" Mo Xiao sneered. The Hong Kong dollars in his fist suddenly burst out. This punch was aimed at Luo Zheng, who didn't dodge at all.
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm, but the power in his hand was like a tide, surging into his fist. He also threw out a punch, but there was a strange smile on his face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's smile, Mo Xiao was a little hesitant. This guy didn't look like a lunatic, but he was still smiling even though he knew that he was going to die. There must be something fishy going on.
However, there was a proverb in the Demon Race that said, "No matter how cunning a wolf is, it can't defeat a stronger hunter!"
Mo Xiao had an absolute advantage in strength. All of this guy's tricks were just castles in the air, and they couldn't be carried out!
However, as soon as the two fists collided, the situation took a terrifying turn. The crowd could see that the flesh on Mo Xiao's huge fist started to crack. At the same time, the bones on his fist started to disintegrate. At the same time, the veins on his elephant-like arm started to rupture. Under the impact of the tremendous force, his muscles started to peel off from his arm! Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
"Kacha, kacha, kacha …"
The bones on his hand began to shatter layer by layer. However, even after shattering, the terrifying power in Luo Zheng's fist still played its role. The small pieces of bones began to disintegrate, and they really cracked into a fine powder …
With one punch, Mo Xiao's right hand was directly smashed into fine powder!
As for Mo Xiao, he was sent flying backwards due to the huge recoil from the punch.
The entire sky above the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was dead silent. Who would have thought that an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm would be defeated by a first level Battle-Saint in the end?
Moreover, this almighty of the Divine Sea Realm was from the Demon Race, which prided itself on its physical body. He was Old Ancestor Mo Xiao of the Flame Demon Holy Land!
Ling Yan, who was dozens of feet away from Luo Zheng, couldn't only be described as horrified at this moment. At this moment, Ling Yan's eyes were already hazy. She suddenly recalled the title Luo Zheng had obtained on the Innate Stele in the Tower of Sin.
Heaven-rank, a golden Heaven-rank …
Although she was not clear that on the Talent Stele, other than the Golden Heavenly Rank, there were still many other titles. Moreover, there were even Silver and Bronze titles. However, at this time, Ling Yan was born with an absurd yet accurate premonition. That title, even in the Upper Realm, was most likely something that very few people could obtain!
"Luo Zheng! That brat is Luo Zheng! "A Battle-Saint of the Demon Race suddenly roared as if he had discovered a new continent.
The majority of the Battle-Saints of the Demon Race present had never seen Luo Zheng before. However, a small number of Battle-Saints of the Demon Race had left the Tower of Sin and their cultivation had broken through the peak Battle-Saint level, becoming a Battle-Saint powerhouse.
Just now, these Battle-Saints didn't dare to confirm Luo Zheng's identity. Although this figure was somewhat familiar, according to the intelligence of the Twin Devil Holy Land, Luo Zheng had already left the Sea God Continent.
At this moment, someone finally recognized Luo Zheng's identity!
"Luo Zheng! It's that human from the Tower of Sin! "
"The enemy of our Twin Devil Holy Land!"
"He was only a beginner Battle-Saint before the year! Now, he has actually become a Battle-Saint! "
"But how could a Battle-Saint level cultivator defeat Old Ancestor Mo Xiao?"
At this moment, the Battle-Saints of the Demon Race's expressions were extremely rich. Back then, Luo Zheng was able to drive the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin because the experts of the Twin Devil Holy Land couldn't enter the Cursed Land. But now, Luo Zheng didn't rely on the Tower of Sin. Instead, he stood upright in the Sky Feather Holy Land and challenged Old Ancestor Mo Xiao.
However, with this punch, one of Old Ancestor Mo Xiao's arms was crippled. On the other hand, Luo Zheng looked completely fine. The Battle-Saints of the Demon Race were completely unable to accept this reality!
On the other hand, the Battle-Saints of the Demon Night Clan were originally in despair. However, the moment they saw Luo Zheng, they seemed to have seen hope. Although Luo Zheng was only a Battle-Saint powerhouse, the scene just now had already shown Luo Zheng's strength. It was enough to become their hope.
＝＝＝＝＝