When Mo Xiao flew out, he smashed into hundreds of towering trees that reached into the clouds. Those trees had been burned in the chaotic battle, leaving only carbonized tree trunks.
After repeated collisions, a fierce fire suddenly erupted from Patriarch Mo Xiao's body. He finally stabilized his body. Looking at his empty right shoulder, the shock and anger on his face became even more intense!
When he heard someone call out the name "Luo Zheng," Mo Xiao was even more shocked and speechless!
He never thought that the slightly thin human youth in front of him was actually Luo Zheng, the person who drove the Demon Race out of the Tower of Sin!
"Boom!"
Fierce flames spread out from Mo Xiao's body. The intense heat immediately burned the carbonized thousand-year-old trees into white ashes.
Mo Xiao slowly rose in height. His huge eyes calmly stared at Luo Zheng.
Calmness was more terrifying than anger. At this time, everyone knew that Patriarch Mo Xiao was finally serious …
"You are Luo Zheng!" Mo Xiao stared at Luo Zheng and said coldly, "Seeing is believing. You have just stepped into the Battle-Sage realm and yet you have such power. No wonder, no wonder …"
When the group of Peak Battle-Supremes of the Demon Race were driven out of the Tower of Sin by Luo Zheng, Mo Xiao was furious!
To the Twin Devil Holy Land, being driven out of the Tower of Sin by a human Battle-Supremes was definitely a great humiliation! Therefore, those Peak Battle-Supremes who had left the Tower of Sin had become trash in Mo Xiao's mouth.
Under Mo Xiao's reprimand, those Peak Battle-Supremes did not dare to raise their heads. However, there was a trace of unwillingness in their eyes.
At that time, Mo Xiao could not understand why these juniors of the Demon Race were unconvinced. Now, Mo Xiao finally understood that Luo Zheng's strength could not be measured by his cultivation base!
Luo Zheng's gaze was indifferent and did not reveal the slightest trace of fear. However, in his heart, he was thinking about his next step.
Although his punch just now had directly crippled one of Mo Xiao's arms, he knew that if Mo Xiao activated the Domain of Fire, he would still be unable to fight against him.
Once his connection with the Great Thousand World was cut off, he would not be able to resist the attack of a Divine Sea Realm Almighty with just the body of a Sacred Artifact!
This was Luo Zheng's hidden danger.
As Mo Xiao spoke, he slowly approached Luo Zheng and then continued, "Although I don't know how you did it, the power that you just unleashed is enough to make me admire you! Unfortunately, you are just a Battle-Sage without your own Domain! I don't know if you can defeat me with just strength! "
At this time, Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng and Luo Luo Zheng's strength.
After he finished speaking, he did not hesitate. The Domain of Fire spread out and his figure once again rushed toward Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng did not stand still. Instead, he suddenly retreated. This was the first time Luo Zheng had confronted Mo Xiao because he was 100% confident. However, now that Mo Xiao had activated his Domain and was closing in on him, Luo Zheng would not stand there stupidly and wait for his death …
Whoosh …
Seeing Luo Zheng's figure rapidly retreat, Mo Xiao said faintly, "What are you afraid of? My Domain? Just now, I felt that … the power that hit your fist seemed to have fallen into some abyss. You are afraid … Afraid that I will cut off your connection with that abyss, right? "
Mo Xiao did not know that the abyss he had guessed was actually the entire Great Thousand World. Luo Zheng had transferred his power to the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Mo Xiao was indeed very sensitive. Although he did not know if he had fused with the Will of the Great Thousand World, he could deduce a rough answer!
Now that Luo Zheng was constantly retreating, Mo Xiao's guess was confirmed. The Raging Inferno Domain that spread out from Mo Xiao's body became even brighter. Waves of heat spread out, igniting the forest below the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. The entire Heavenly Feather Holy Land was immersed in a sea of fire. Under the waves of heat, everyone's vision was constantly refracted and fluctuated.
Although Luo Zheng's retreating speed was not slow, Mo Xiao's speed was still much faster than Luo Zheng's. Many people from the Demon Night Clan suddenly became nervous.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng's sudden appearance was their last hope. However, when they saw Luo Zheng keep retreating, this hope seemed to be getting dimmer and dimmer. It was impossible for Luo Zheng to reverse this chaotic battle by himself.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to be enveloped by Mo Xiao's Domain, a blue light shone down. Lan Bing's Water Domain cut down from the sky and blocked Luo Zheng's path.
"Mo Xiao, you are going all out against a junior. You are too exaggerated!" Lan Bing said coldly. "Your opponent is me!"
Mo Xiao sneered and shook his head, "Lan Bing, you are no match for me. As for Luo Zheng … he is definitely not a junior. Even if he is only a beginner Battle-Saint, he is still qualified to be my opponent!"
"What an honor." Luo Zheng stood behind Lan Bing. The dark golden longbow appeared in his hand again and the black arrow was nocked on the bowstring. Then, he said, "Lan Bing, think of a way to hold this guy back."
Mo Xiao's eyelids twitched when he saw the black arrow in Luo Zheng's hand. On the other hand, Lan Bing had already witnessed the might of the black arrow. If she could keep Mo Xiao busy, then she might be able to kill him!
"Okay, I will do my best!"
As soon as Lan Bing finished speaking, she gently bit the tip of her tongue. Her body swayed and she burned her essence blood. Suddenly, numerous blue water tornadoes appeared in her Water Ripple Domain. They were like hundreds of octopus tentacles that swept toward Mo Xiao!
"Hold me back? In your dreams! " Mo Xiao gently clenched his remaining left hand, and flaming blades shot out from his Domain, instantly slicing the water tornadoes apart!
However, when the two Divine Sea Realm experts were fighting, the black arrow in Luo Zheng's hand shot out again!
"Whoosh … Pa pa pa!"
The three accelerated black arrows arrived in an instant. However, Mo Xiao was prepared this time. He swayed and dodged Luo Zheng's arrow by a hair's breadth.
After missing the first arrow, Luo Zheng nocked another arrow on the bowstring. The second arrow arrived in an instant …
Then the third arrow …
The fourth arrow …
With the cooperation of Luo Zheng and Lan Bing, Mo Xiao was indeed having a hard time. Although he was strong enough to suppress Lan Bing, it would take some time for him to take her down. Although he was stronger than Lan Bing, Lan Bing's Water Technique was very effective in restraining him.
Now, he had to divert his attention to dodge Luo Zheng's deadly black arrow. With one less arm, he could not concentrate on fighting against Lan Bing's water tornadoes.
For a moment, Mo Xiao was in danger. Luo Zheng's black arrow flew past Mo Xiao's ear several times and almost pierced his head!
"Go help Old Ancestor Mo Xiao!"
Some of the Battle-Saints below saw that Old Ancestor Mo Xiao was in danger and rushed up to help.
However, the Battle-Saints of the Fiendish Night Clan naturally wouldn't let them. Soon, the Battle-Saints of the Sky Feather Holy Land began to fight again …
Mo Xiao was also complaining incessantly. He didn't think that he would be in such trouble. If this continued, it would only be a matter of time before he was killed by Luo Zheng!
However, at this moment, three more streaks of light flew over from the horizon!
Another three Divine Sea Realm experts!
However, when Mo Xiao noticed the three Divine Sea Realm experts, he was overjoyed. On the other hand, Lan Bing and Luo Zheng's faces darkened.
"Mo Ji, Mo Wuliang! Hurry up and help me kill the kid who shot the arrow! "Mo Xiao shouted to the sky as he fought against Lan Bing.
Two of the three Divine Sea Realm Almighties in the sky were the other two Divine Sea Realm Almighties from the Flame Devil Holy Land. Extreme Mo and Endless Mo were chasing after one of the Divine Sea Realm Almighties from the Sky Feather Holy Land, Tian Xuan!