"Oh?" The two Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Clan in the sky looked at Lan Bing with confusion. With Mo Xiao's strength, he could easily crush Lan Bing. They didn't expect that Mo Xiao would be at a disadvantage!
"Whoosh …"
Another black arrow shot out from behind Lan Bing. This black arrow brushed past Mo Xiao's face and left a thumb-sized wound on his rough face!
If the arrow had been two or three inches away, his head would have been pierced!
"You two, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and kill that brat! That brat is Luo Zheng!" Mo Xiao roared. He was furious at Mo Ji and Mo Wuliang. He was in danger, but the two of them were still standing there in a daze!
"Luo Zheng?"
"That archer is Luo Zheng?"
Mo Wuliang and Mo Ji could see that Luo Zheng's arrow was extraordinarily powerful. Mo Xiao was helpless against Lan Bing.
"Haha, so that brat is Luo Zheng! Mo Xiao, I'll help you kill him! "Mo Ji laughed. He changed directions and flew past Lan Bing, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
The Divine Sea Realm Demon Night Clan expert called Tian Xuan didn't need Luo Zheng or Lan Bing to say anything. She turned around, and tens of thousands of dark blue wind blades appeared. She wanted to stall Mo Ji.
"Your opponent is me." At this moment, Mo Wuliang stood in front of Tian Xuan, blocking her path.
The Demon Race had three Divine Sea Realm Demons, while the Sky Feather Holy Land only had two. The situation was extremely unfavorable for Luo Zheng.
In addition to the Battle Sages and Divine Sea Realm Demons in the sky, there were countless Battle Sovereigns, Generals, and Warriors fighting in every corner of the Sky Feather Holy Land!
However, the Demon Night Clan was extremely powerful. In the battles between Battle Sovereigns, Generals, and Warriors, the Demon Night Clan had the upper hand. They were forcing the Demon Race to retreat.
However, the Demon Night Clan's War Exalts and Generals weren't in the mood to fight. Instead, they were focused on the battle in the sky …
No matter how much advantage they had, it was useless. Once the Divine Sea Realm experts of their clan were defeated, the curtains of the war would fall. Therefore, when the creatures of the Demon Night Clan's holy land saw the three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Race appear, all of their faces were filled with despair.
"My king … can no longer protect us?" A woman from the Yao Night Clan had a sorrowful look on her face as her weapon fell to the ground. Her expression was dim as she muttered to herself.
She wasn't the only one. The other women from the Demon Night Clan were also praying. Perhaps the three kings of the Demon Night Clan would bring them a miracle at the final moment!
The Eight Trigrams Wheel floated far away in the sky. The Ancestral Dragon was hopping around on the Eight Trigrams Wheel, constantly making gurgling noises from its mouth. It seemed to be very anxious.
The Ancestral Dragon's soul had been imprinted with Luo Zheng's imprint, so it could sense the danger Luo Zheng was in. However, Qing Feng had used a barrier to envelop the Ancestral Dragon. It was still too small. No matter how hard it tried, it couldn't pass through the barrier!
"Ai, let's go down and help. We can't really let this kid die here," Qing Feng said coldly.
Yuze snorted. "Hmph, he knows we'll definitely help. That's why he's charging down so recklessly!"
Boss Mo smiled faintly. "In any case, he brought us to the Sea God Continent. What's so hard about dealing with a few Demon Race rats? Yuze, Gu Pei 'er, you two go down! "
Gu Pei 'er nodded and jumped down from the Eight Trigrams Wheel. Yuze helplessly waved the Onyx Blade in his hand. Then, he turned into a streak of light and flew towards the Sky Feather Sacred Land.
When Lan Bing saw the other Demon Race Divine Sea Realm expert charging down, she clenched her teeth and bit the tip of her tongue again, burning her essence blood again.
Burning essence blood could, for a short period of time, increase her strength. However, she couldn't burn her essence blood indefinitely. After burning it, she needed a long time to recover her essence blood.
"Hualala …"
The water tornadoes danced even more wildly. However, this time, it was impossible for her to stop two Demon Race Divine Sea Realm experts by herself.
However, at this moment, she glanced over and noticed that Luo Zheng didn't shoot the black arrow in his hand. Instead, he stood there motionlessly with a smile on his face.
What was going on?
Had he given up?
Lan Bing hadn't interacted much with Luo Zheng, but she knew Luo Zheng's personality very well. He wasn't someone who would give up so easily. So why would he …?
At this moment, Lan Bing noticed that two more people were rapidly approaching from the distance!
They were a man and a woman. The man held a large black blade in his hand, while the woman had a flower in her eyes … Both of them looked extremely strange. More importantly, their strength!
At this moment, Lan Bing's eyes widened. These two people's strength had surpassed the Spirit Sea Realm! Lan Bing sensed an extremely terrifying aura emanating from them, and even Liu Yu wasn't a match for them at all!
Could they be Divine Realm experts? At this moment, such a guess suddenly appeared in Lan Bing's heart.
The Yao Night Clan wasn't cut off from the Upper Realm. It wasn't difficult to obtain information about the Upper Realm through the King Statue, so Lan Bing came to this conclusion easily.
However, the three Demon Race Divine Sea Realm experts were different. They didn't even know that the realm above the Divine Sea Realm was called the "Divine Realm". Therefore, when the three Demon Race Divine Sea Realm experts saw Gu Peier and Yu Ze, they all had strange expressions on their faces!
They felt that it was strange. How could this man and woman be so powerful? If they were stronger than the Divine Sea Realm, then what were their cultivations? Were they really Immortals from the Upper Realm?
The Yao Night Clan and the Demon Race fell into fear and confusion. At the same time, both sides were trying to guess the intentions of this man and woman. Which side were they on?
Without a doubt, with their strength, it would be too easy for them to destroy the Sky Feather Sacred Ground and the Twin Demon Sacred Ground …
But why would such powerful existences interfere in a battle of this level?
The answer was quickly revealed. Gu Peier slowly floated towards Luo Zheng and said, "That's enough. Let's end this quickly. We still need to find materials for Ha Peng to make a puppet!" Gu Peier and the others didn't care about the battle below at all. A battle of this level was as boring as a child's play in front of the Demi-Immortals.
Yu Ze snorted at Luo Zheng and mocked, "You're too useless. A mere Divine Sea Realm guy lost so badly. You want to have the talent of a Golden Demi-Immortal?"
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. This time, Luo Zheng didn't show any signs of weakness when facing Yuze. He just smiled faintly and said, "When I step into the Extreme Divine Realm, I'll beat you ten times over!"
"Pfft." When Gu Peier heard this, she instantly laughed. Then, she said, "That's really possible!"
Frankly speaking, whether it was Yu Ze or Gu Peier, when they were in the Life and Death Realm, they couldn't fight against Divine Sea Realm experts. For Luo Zheng to be able to do this, even in the Demi-Immortal Clan, which was full of geniuses, it was an exaggeration.
However, Yu Ze didn't like Luo Zheng from the very beginning. That was why he mocked him.
Luo Zheng, Gu Peier, and Yu Ze were chatting happily. On the other hand, the Demon Night Clan and the Demon Race were in a state of ice and fire!
Lan Bing, Tian Xuan, and the other Battle Saints of the Demon Night Clan were burning with passion! It was as if a taut string had been loosened. Some of the Demon Night Clan women even felt like collapsing! Because at this moment, they knew that the Sky Feather Sacred Ground had made it through!
As for the Demon Race … Mo Xiao, Mo Ji, and Mo Wuliang, the three Divine Sea Realm experts, as well as the many Battle Saints and War Reverends of the Demon Race, their hearts fell into a bottomless abyss at this moment.
Luo Zheng's conversation with them was a death sentence for the Demon Race!