The two Divine Sea experts looked indifferent, but at this moment, the pressure they exerted on the Demon Race was as great as a mountain.
"Enough chit-chat, let's get down to business!" Gu Pei 'er's words made Yu Ze extremely unhappy. He chose to hastily end this topic, as his gaze landed on the tall and sturdy Demon Clan member. The Onyx Blade in his hand gently swayed as he said, "Fortunately, our target is actually a Demon Clan member. I have never had a good impression of the Demon Clan …"
Gu Peier smiled faintly. "What a coincidence, I'm the same."
In the Upper World, the Demon Race was not weak, but they were extremely aggressive and domineering!
The Demi-Immortal Race was a neutral existence in the Upper World. Their goals were poles apart from the other races. The Human Race, the Demon Race, and the Demon Race all had the core goal of expanding their own race. However, the Demi-Immortal Race was formed by countless geniuses from other races. This race was originally very unique in the universe. Their goals were completely different from the other races in the sense of the word.
Because the Demi-Immortal Race was neutral and incomparably powerful, they had good relations with most races in the universe. For example, the Human Race, the Demon Race, and the other powerful races in the universe.
However, the Demi-Immortal Race and the Demon Race had always been in a state of hostility. On one hand, the Demon Race had a strong sense of identity with their own race. They did not allow any Demon Race genius to join the Demi-Immortal Race. If they were found to be traitors, they would be hunted down in the universe.
On the other hand, the Demon Race had a fierce temper. They had fought with the Demi-Immortal Race several times, and even Celestial Masters had made a move.
Because of this, the Demi-Immortal Race had a very bad impression of the Demon Race. Now that they were in the Lower World, how could they let these Demon Race people go?
If it weren't for the fact that they were pressed for time, even if it weren't for Luo Zheng, they would have destroyed the Demon Race's Holy Land.
Hearing Gu Peier and Yu Ze's words, Mo Xiao became anxious. Although he did not know where these experts came from, he would not allow his Flame Demon Holy Land to be destroyed so easily!
"Two … two seniors! Can you listen to me? "Mo Xiao's rough voice trembled.
"Hm? What is it? "Yu Ze looked at Mo Xiao indifferently.
Mo Xiao quickly said, "This is a grudge between the Twin Demon Holy Land and the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. Seniors, I'm afraid it's inappropriate for you to interfere?"
Yu Ze smiled. Of course, he knew that this Demon Spirit Sea Realm warrior was making his last struggle. "Not suitable? What's wrong with that? "
"The conflict between our two clans will naturally be resolved by us. Seniors, can you please be magnanimous …" Mo Xiao also knew that the reason he came up with was very lame. Cultivators revered the strong as the heavens, and if they wanted to attack, they could find a hundred reasons to do so. However, Mo Xiao could only bite the bullet and continue speaking, hoping that these two would let them off.
Lan Bing and Tian Xuan immediately revealed nervous expressions. The current situation was very simple. The two Ultimate Divine Stage practitioners in front of them would determine the direction of the battle. Most importantly, the two of them might not necessarily stand on Luo Zheng's side. What if they were persuaded by Mo Xiao?
. "If the two seniors don't interfere, the Twin Demon Holy Land will give you all the treasures of our clan and bow to you …" Mo Xiao continued.
"Enough." Yu Ze yawned and raised the Onyx Blade in his hand. Then, he revealed an evil smile. "I have no interest in the treasures of a small Holy Land. In comparison, I'm more interested in slaughtering demons!"
"Do it. Stop wasting time." Gu Peier smiled faintly. The flower in her eyes began to spin.
Seeing that begging for mercy was useless, Mo Xiao, Mo Wuliang, and Mo Ji's expressions changed. Vital Essence burst out of their bodies and they flew in three different directions!
No one was willing to sit and wait for death. Knowing that they were no match for them, the three chose to escape at the same time!
"Escape?" Yu Ze's face revealed a bit of coldness. His body suddenly turned into a black shadow. After circling once on the spot, his figure flashed and disappeared in front of everyone.
In the next moment, everyone saw the black shadow shoot toward Infinite Mo. No one saw how Yu Ze made his move. All they saw was a flash of black light, and Infinite Mo's hill-sized body spat out several clouds of blood mist as he plummeted to the ground.
After Yu Ze finished off the first person, he turned into a ray of light and rushed toward Mo Ji …
As for Gu Peier, she chased after Mo Xiao with a bell-like laughter. Compared to Yu Ze's sharp blade technique and terrifying speed, Gu Peier only followed behind Mo Xiao slowly. The flower in her eyes began to emit a faint green light.
Being enveloped by the light, Mo Xiao's speed gradually slowed down. Soon, a look of fear appeared on Mo Xiao's face as he continued to let out earth-shattering roars. The Ghost Head Staff in his hand constantly danced with flames as he frantically attacked the empty space in front of him.
"Roar, roar, roar …"
As the speed of the Demonic Howl became faster and faster, an arrow of blood suddenly burst out from his chest. His heart actually burst open on its own. The Demonic Race was huge, and their hearts were far stronger than the average living creatures. After the heart burst open, the arrow of blood that shot out actually shot dozens of feet away.
After his heart exploded, the power of the Demonic Howl began to weaken rapidly and he fell down. His eyes were still wide open. Even at the moment of his death, he was still immersed in fear and could not extricate himself.
"It's an illusion …" Lan Bing whispered.
"He was so scared that his heart exploded and he died …" Tian Xuan nodded. Seeing Mo Xiao's reaction, she also felt sad.
The Demon Clan was indeed domineering, but the Demon Clan was very brave. If it could scare Mo Xiao's heart, then how terrifying was the illusion?
Gu Peier was still smiling. With her hands behind her back, the flower in her right eye stopped spinning and flew toward Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh …"
After dealing with Mo Ji and Mo Wuliang, Yu Ze appeared beside Luo Zheng. He coldly urged, "Alright, now that we've dealt with these three rats, we'll have to trouble your friends from the Demon Night Clan to help us gather the materials!"
Now that the three Divine Sea Realm experts of the Demon Clan had been killed in an instant, the rest of the Demon Clan's morale plummeted. They all scattered and fled …
As for the members of the Demon Night Clan, their morale was greatly boosted. They began to chase after the Demon Night Clan.
Lan Bing and Tian Xuan didn't make a move. The outcome was already decided. They knew what they had to do.
Therefore, before Luo Zheng could answer Yu Ze, Lan Bing had already bowed respectfully to Yu Ze. "Senior, the Fiend Night Clan will forever remember your kindness. What materials do you need? The Sky Feather Holy Land will do everything in our power to help you! "
To their surprise, Yu Ze chuckled and said politely to Lan Bing, "Hehe, it's nothing special. You can talk about it after you've dealt with those rats."
Seeing Yu Ze's attitude, Luo Zheng's expression turned strange. Yu Ze's personality was very annoying. He never said anything nice. Why was he being so polite to the Demon Night Clan?
Luo Zheng's face was filled with confusion. Beside him, Gu Pei 'er giggled and explained to Luo Zheng in a soft voice, "The person this fellow likes is a woman from the Yao Ye clan …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally understood. The Demi-Immortal Clan had many geniuses. It wasn't strange for the Demon Night Clan to appear in the Demi-Immortal Clan. He didn't think that Yu Ze would be so polite to the Demon Night Clan. No wonder he was working so hard to kill the Demon Clan.
At this moment, Tian Xuan said worriedly, "Lan Bing, I don't know how Lady Liu Yu is right now. If the Demon Fear Holy Land really went to kill Lady Liu Yu, I'm afraid she's already …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He sank into his memories of the Great Thousand World. He let out a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "Liu Yu is fine. She's on her way back."
After speaking, Luo Zheng looked into the distance. After a few dozen breaths, a streak of light flew towards the Sky Feather Holy Land.
＝＝＝＝＝