That streak of light was extremely fast. In an instant, it was already near the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground.
When Lan Bing and Tian Xuan saw who it was, they heaved a deep sigh of relief. It was Liu Yu …
At the same time, the two women were shocked again. What was going on with Luo Zheng? It was as if he could predict the future. How did he know that Liu Yu would return at this time?
Ling Yan, who was standing not far away, was also very curious. She could not understand how Luo Zheng did it. When he fought with Sola of the Demon Race, he was able to calculate his opponent's lifespan in an instant. He even accurately calculated the number of days and months. He seemed to know everything about the Great Thousand World. Could this guy be the incarnation of God?
Whoosh …
Liu Yu, who was dressed in a light purple robe, was frantically rushing forward. She was extremely anxious!
Since these guys from the Fear Demon Holy Land dared to chase after her, the Flame Demon Holy Land would definitely attack the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground. Lan Bing and Tian Xuan alone would not be enough to stop the Flame Demon Holy Land's invasion.
As she rapidly advanced, she saw thick plumes of smoke rising from the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands, and her beautiful face quickly darkened. She gritted her teeth and made up her mind. If the Heavenly Feather Holy Lands were to be destroyed, she would kill all the demons in the Twin Devil Holy Lands alone!
However, when Liu Yu entered the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground, she saw Lan Bing and Tian Xuan standing there unharmed. Just as she was feeling curious, her gaze landed on a human youth in a white brocade robe. Her beautiful eyes suddenly emitted an indescribable luster.
"Luo Zheng!"
She was originally puzzled. Now that she saw Luo Zheng, she instantly found the answer. No matter how the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground resisted the invasion of the Demon Race, it must have something to do with Luo Zheng!
"Lord Liu Yu!"
"Lord Liu Yu, are you alright? The Fear Demon Holy Land knew about your movements and wanted to take advantage of your tribulation to … "Lan Bing and Tian Xuan asked excitedly.
Liu Yu nodded. "You mean these three guys?" With a gentle wave of her hand, three large heads appeared in her hand. One of the heads belonged to the leader of the Fear Devil Holy Land, Ku Ao!
The three Divine Sea Realm cultivators of the Fear Devil Sacred Ground were all killed by Liu Yu!
Seeing this, Luo Zheng just smiled faintly. Through the memory of the Boundless World, he had already found this result. Liu Yu was indeed extremely tough. Not only did he survive the Heavenly Tribulation safely, but he could even kill three mighty figures of the Spirit Sea Realm of the Devil Tribe by himself!
Liu Yu casually tossed the three heads aside and walked towards Luo Zheng. At this time, she suddenly noticed Gu Pei 'er and Yu Ze behind Luo Zheng. Gu Pei' er and Yu Ze emitted a faint aura, which made Liu Yu secretly shocked. However, since they were standing behind Luo Zheng, it seemed that these two were the ones who turned the situation around?
This speculation wasn't hard to come by. Although Luo Zheng was extremely talented, he couldn't fight against a Divine Sea Realm cultivator even after breaking through to the Life and Death Realm. The two in front of her were Divine Sea Realm cultivators!
"Luo Zheng! Just now … "Liu Yu was about to speak.
Luo Zheng nodded and said to Liu Yu, "I still have to thank these two friends behind me for their help. Otherwise, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground wouldn't have been able to survive this tribulation."
Liu Yu nodded. Her figure flickered and she actually knelt down on one knee in front of Gu Pei 'er and Yu Ze, "My Demon Night Clan will engrave this kindness into our tombstone and forever be grateful!"
Gu Pei 'er looked indifferent and didn't react. Yu Ze, who was always indifferent, laughed, "It's just a small matter! Speaking of which, you seem to have been recognized by my Demi-Immortal Clan? "
"Demi-Immortal Clan?" Liu Yu stood up and heard Yu Ze's words. Her eyes suddenly flashed, "You're talking about the Talent Tombstone!"
Yu Ze nodded, "I can feel the mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan on you. If I'm not wrong, you should be in the second row of the Talent Tombstone!"
Liu Yu nodded. Apart from Luo Zheng, Liu Yu was the only one who could be in the second row. In the Tower of Sin, anyone who could enter the second row would leave behind a mark of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
"That's easy to say. You and I are of the same clan …"
Hearing Yu Ze's long speech with Liu Yu, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. He was also recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, but this guy didn't even smile at him.
After Liu Yu understood the purpose of Luo Zheng's visit, she instructed Lan Bing and Tian Xuan to deal with the aftermath of the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground while she personally helped them gather the materials. Under Gu Pei 'er's instructions, the five people on the Wheel of Eight Trigrams also came over and entered the Sacred Tree with Liu Yu.
Ha Peng listed the materials he needed one by one. Liu Yu glanced over the list and revealed a troubled expression. Most of the materials on the list were available in the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground. Only a few materials could be found in a day or two. However, there were two or three materials that she had never heard of.
"It's understandable that the lower realms are lacking in resources!" Yu Ze smiled faintly. "Ha Peng, change the materials and replace them with other materials."
Fortunately, Ha Peng's attainments in the art of puppetry were extraordinary. After pondering for a moment, he listed several other materials that could be used as replacements. After going back and forth a few times, he finally settled on the list. However, it would take another day or two to gather all the materials.
The seven people from the Demi-Immortal Clan could only rest in the Yao Ye Clan …
At this time, Situ Haotian of the Purple Heart Holy Land also rushed over. The Twin Devil Sacred Ground's attack on the Yao Ye Clan was very sudden. By the time the humans received the news and rushed over, the dust had already settled.
Liu Yu stood on a branch at the top of the Sacred Tree and looked down at the scorched Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground. Her face revealed a pained expression.
Situ Haotian said a few words of consolation before a stern expression appeared on his face. "The next step is to directly remove the Twin Devil Sacred Ground from the Sea God Continent …"
The Divine Sea Realm experts of the Twin Devil Sacred Ground had all perished. Before a new Divine Sea Realm expert was born, even the Purple Heart Holy Land was strong enough to destroy the Twin Devil Sacred Ground!
Liu Yu nodded slightly, then turned her head and asked, "Luo Zheng, I want to know how my king is doing."
A while ago, the light on Xun's king statue had almost completely dissipated. Liu Yu had almost thought that Xun had died, but the light had slowly stabilized as it was about to dissipate. Now, it was gradually recovering. She was worried about Xun's current situation!
If it weren't for the fact that she was about to face a major tribulation, Liu Yu would have gone to the Central Domain to look for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded, then took out a brown branch from his body.
"Soul Nourishing Wood!" Liu Yu's eyes trembled.
Under normal circumstances, the Soul Nourishing Wood was only a means to prolong one's feeble existence. If the situation wasn't critical, it would be impossible to use the Soul Nourishing Wood.
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a sorrowful expression. "Xun helped me block a soul attack. Her soul was on the verge of collapse. I had no choice but to put her soul into the Soul Nourishing Wood."
Liu Yu clenched her teeth, a hesitant expression on her face. "Let's use the sacred tree's life force one more time. At least it'll be able to awaken my king …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng shook his head. "I think it's best if we don't."
After the chaotic battle with the Twin Devil Sacred Ground, the entire Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground was in a mess. If they wanted to restore the Sacred Ground, they had to borrow the sacred tree's power!
From Luo Zheng's point of view, the giant sacred tree was already riddled with holes. Moreover, the sacred tree had already used its power to nourish Xun. If they used too much of the sacred tree's power, the entire sacred tree would probably wither away …
"But my king is the most important. I can feel the sacred tree's will. It's willing to sacrifice itself to save my king!" Liu Yu insisted.
Luo Zheng sighed, then said, "Xun only fell into this state because of my will. Moreover, the sacred tree's nourishment isn't enough to completely heal the damage to her soul. I will find a way to revive her."
In truth, the Soul Nourishing Wood in Luo Zheng's hand wasn't inferior to the sacred tree's. It was just that the power of the Soul Nourishing Wood was gentle, and its effects were slow. However, it was enough to protect Xun's soul.
At that moment, a yellow-clothed woman from the Night Demon Clan walked over from the sacred tree's branch. She bowed to Liu Yu.