Liu Lan had kept her head down the entire time.
When she heard Liu Yu's question, she suddenly raised her head. Her eyes shone with a blue light, like two fireflies in the darkness.
The moment she raised her head, she charged at Luo Zheng and reached for the Soul Cultivation Wood in Luo Zheng's hand.
Luo Zheng didn't expect that a member of the Night Demon Clan would attack Xun!
Xun's soul was extremely weak and couldn't take any more torture. Moreover, there was only one piece of the Soul Cultivation Wood. If this person broke it, Xun's soul would be beyond saving!
Luo Zheng reacted quickly. With a flip of his hand, he tossed the Soul Cultivation Wood into the air.
Liu Lan's figure flashed as she leaped up. Just as she was about to grab the Soul Cultivation Wood, Luo Zheng snorted coldly. He grabbed Liu Lan's leg and pulled her down.
"Get down!"
With a plop, Liu Lan was pulled down. The Soul Cultivation Wood wobbled and fell back into Luo Zheng's hand.
The two guards beside Liu Yu had already pinned Liu Lan to the ground, one on her left and one on her right.
Liu Yu's gaze was like lightning as he stared at Liu Lan. He asked in a deep voice, "Liu Lan, what are you doing?"
Liu Lan didn't care about Liu Yu's words at all. She sneered, "You're Luo Zheng, right?"
"This voice …" Luo Zheng frowned. He had heard this voice before. It came from the King Statue that Luo Zheng had destroyed in the Hall of the Holy Tree.
"My King!"
When they heard this voice, everyone from the Night Demon Clan knelt on one knee.
The Night Demon Clan had a total of three King Statues. Xun was the King who controlled slaughter, and this was the King who controlled punishment. He must have used a secret technique to take over Liu Lan's body. This time, he wanted to kill Xun.
Liu Yu could roughly guess the dispute between the two kings. However, a dispute of this level was far from something she could participate in. Therefore, Liu Yu had no choice but to maintain a neutral attitude and watch how the situation developed.
Liu Yu and the others were from the Demon Night Clan, but Luo Zheng wasn't. When he thought about how Xun's soul would have disappeared if he had been a bit slower, a hint of ruthlessness appeared on his face.
"Yes, my name is Luo Zheng." In spite of his anger, Luo Zheng laughed. "What's your name? The Demon Night Clan's King of Punishment! "
Liu Lan said indifferently, "You don't have the right to know my name, but I'll give you a piece of advice. Hand over the Soul Wood and let Xun's soul dissipate from this world. Then, I can consider letting you go."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng stood on the spot. After a moment of silence, he suddenly threw his head back and laughed wildly. "Hahahaha!"
"What are you laughing at?" Liu Lan asked.
Luo Zheng laughed coldly as he walked towards Liu Lan. When he saw the azure light in Liu Lan's eyes, he said, "No wonder, no wonder …"
"No wonder what?" Liu Lan asked again.
"No wonder Xun said you're a b * tch. Her soul is in danger right now, but you're determined to kill her. You are indeed a b * tch!" Luo Zheng scolded Liu Lan.
It was reasonable to say that insulting a king of the Demon Night Clan like this in the Demon Night Clan's holy land was extremely disrespectful. If it were anyone else, Liu Yu would definitely kill them. However, this matter involved the dispute between two kings. Liu Yu only knelt on one knee and didn't help either side.
Liu Lan smiled faintly when she heard Luo Zheng's insults. "You're quite brave, and your life is quite tough. So what if you're destined to participate in the Battle of the Worlds? This Battle of the Worlds wasn't created for you alone. Every time a Battle of the Worlds descends, many people will die. Believe me, you'll definitely be one of them … "
Luo Zheng's eyes were calm as he looked at Liu Lan indifferently. Then, he said coldly, "It doesn't matter whether I'm one of them or not. What matters is that you're a b * tch."
"If you're willing to hand over the Soul Cultivation Wood, I can use the Demon Night Clan's power to …" Liu Lan frowned and continued to tempt Luo Zheng.
"You're a b * tch!"
"My status is higher than Xun's. My abilities are far beyond your imagination …"
"You're a b * tch!"
"I …"
"You're a b * tch!"
No matter what the King of Punishment said, Luo Zheng repeated the same sentence. After seven or eight sentences, the King of Punishment finally exploded. She controlled Liu Lan's body and roared, "Liu Yu, kill him!"
Liu Yu didn't do anything. She was still kneeling on the ground respectfully. The other members of the Demon Night Clan were also kneeling on one knee. They didn't move.
Since she couldn't count on anyone else, the King of Punishment could only do it herself. However, Liu Lan was a third-rank Battle-Saint. She couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng. Furthermore, she was controlling Liu Lan's body, so her strength was greatly reduced. It was just like how Luo Zheng controlled Feng Nianyun's body with his soul core. He couldn't unleash Feng Nianyun's strength either.
"Bang bang …"
After a few moves, Liu Lan was subdued by Luo Zheng. However, this wasn't the end. Luo Zheng's body shook as he flew towards the Hall of the Holy Tree.
When they saw Luo Zheng enter the Hall of the Holy Tree alone, one of the members of the Demon Night Clan whispered to Liu Yu, "Lord Liu Yu, Luo Zheng has entered the Hall of the Holy Tree …"
Liu Yu shrugged and could only say, "Just pretend you didn't see anything."
After Luo Zheng entered the Hall of the Holy Tree, he walked towards the azure statue of the King of Punishment. He patted the statue twice and smiled as he said, "Do you have anything else to say?"
The King of Punishment's statue suddenly trembled. She opened her eyes again. Just as she was about to say something, Luo Zheng beat her to it and said, "You're a b * tch!"
The face on the exquisite statue started to contort in anger. "Luo Zheng, how dare you insult me like this? If you ascend to the Upper Realm one day, I'll …"
"Clang!"
Before the statue could finish speaking, Luo Zheng punched out again and smashed the statue to pieces. Then, he shook his fist and said with a smile, "B * tches are so pretentious!"
After smashing the woman's statue, Luo Zheng returned to Liu Yu's side with a relaxed expression. The members of the Demon Night Clan didn't say anything and pretended that nothing had happened. However, this scene left Situ Haotian and the others dumbfounded. They couldn't figure out what the Demon Night Clan was trying to do.
Although Luo Zheng's expression was very relaxed, he was secretly thinking that once he recovered Xun's soul and found a body, he would definitely help her regain her position and take back everything that belonged to her. As for that b * tch, he would make her feel like a b * tch!
The Heavenly Feather Holy Land's recovery ability was astonishing.
After all, the entire Holy Land was built around the Holy Tree. However, the Holy Tree seemed to be heavily damaged. Even the main trunk was burned, but the roots of the Holy Tree were unharmed.
The roots of this sacred tree extended hundreds of feet into the ground. Some of the horizontal roots even extended for hundreds of miles. It was constantly absorbing the nutrients of the earth. In just one day, the scars on the surface of the sacred tree had recovered by quite a bit.
Not only that, but while the Holy Tree was recovering, it was also nourishing the entire Heavenly Feather Holy Land. Therefore, many green sprouts appeared in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. It seemed that it was only a matter of time before the Heavenly Feather Holy Land fully recovered.
As for Situ Haotian and the others from the Purple Heart Holy Land, they had already joined forces with Lan Bing and the other Divine Sea Realm experts to kill their way to the Twin Devil Holy Land. The other races on the Sea God Continent were also in shock.
When the Demon Race was expelled from the Tower of Sin, the other races knew that the Demon Race was destined to decline. However, they didn't think that it would decline so quickly. In less than a year, the once famous Twin Devil Holy Land was about to be destroyed!
However, the destruction of the Demon Race wasn't a bad thing for the other races. This powerful race was too tyrannical and ruthless. In comparison, the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan were much gentler. For example, the Human Race had already taken control of the Tower of Sin, but they weren't like the Demon Race, who casually broke the rules and killed other races.
Two days later …
The Demon Night Clan had gathered all the materials that Ha Peng had listed.