What made people click their tongues in amazement was that these eight puppets were exquisitely crafted. Each puppet's appearance was almost the same as Boss Mo and the others.
Luo Zheng sized up these puppets, and finally, his gaze fell on his own puppet. He was suddenly speechless, "Why is my puppet's strength so much weaker than yours?"
The materials used to make these puppets were very complicated. The seven Demi-Immortal puppets were roughly equivalent to the Life and Death Realm, but Luo Zheng's puppet was equivalent to the False Tribulation Realm …
Yu Ze coldly said, "Isn't this normal? Anyway, your strength is much weaker than ours. "
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes, too lazy to refute this guy.
Boss Mo indifferently said, "Since it's like this, we can control these puppets and enter the cursed land."
Everyone nodded. After waiting here for a few days, they were eager to enter the Exquisite Pagoda. Thus, they poured a wisp of their soul into the puppets, and the puppets opened their eyes and moved freely.
However, at this time, Luo Zheng was somewhat at a loss … He didn't know how to split his soul.
Although Luo Zheng's soul was comparable to the existence of the Blue Spirit Realm, he still hadn't stepped into the Blue Spirit Realm.
The key was that he could control the shape of his soul, but he didn't practice the Soul Splitting Technique.
The so-called Soul Splitting Technique was to peel off a part of one's soul, forming a unified but completely independent soul.
Xun's soul was actually a Soul Splitting Technique, but her body and main soul had already fallen. That wisp of Soul Splitting Technique was the only soul left.
Seeing Luo Zheng's helpless appearance, Yu Ze cast a mocking smile. Gu Pei 'er slightly smiled, and then said, "Luo Zheng, I'll help you. First, I'll separate a part of your soul from your body."
Hearing Gu Pei 'er's words, Luo Zheng released a wisp of his soul from between his eyebrows. Then, the flower in Gu Pei' er's right eye slightly rotated, and an invisible and gentle force quietly floated over. Soon, Luo Zheng felt that his soul was pulled by a light force, and a wisp of his soul was naturally separated.
Then, Luo Zheng controlled that wisp of soul, drilling into his puppet.
The eight people sat quietly, and the eight puppets directly jumped onto the Eight Trigrams Wheel. Without further delay, they went straight to the cursed land.
The puppets' bodies weren't rejected by the cursed land, and the Eight Trigrams Wheel almost didn't stop, directly breaking through the cursed land. After a while, a huge pagoda appeared in front of everyone. the Evil Tower, the Exquisite Pagoda of the Demi-Immortal clan.
"As expected." Boss Mo's puppet smiled and said, "It is indeed the Exquisite Pagoda!"
Qing Feng said indifferently, "It seems that the Linglong Pagoda hasn't been opened yet."
....... "....... com
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Unfold? What do you mean by unfold? "
Boss Mo smiled. "You'll know in a while."
"Whoosh …"
Ha Peng's puppet controlled the Eight Trigrams Wheel, and quickly landed at the door of the first floor of the Exquisite Pagoda.
Seeing the Eight Trigrams Wheel and the puppets on the Eight Trigrams Wheel, many races of the Sea God Continent showed a curious expression.
No one on the Sea God Continent had the skill of making puppets, and they couldn't feel any trace of life from these puppets. For a while, there was a lot of discussion.
"What are these things? They don't look like humans! "
"Luo Zheng! One of them looks like Luo Zheng! "
"Did he return to the Sea God Continent? But looking at it carefully, this guy seems to be made of mica gold … What is this thing? "
Boss Mo didn't care about these creatures at all, and walked towards the Exquisite Pagoda. As for the two giants at the door of the Exquisite Pagoda, they quickly opened the door when they saw the people of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Although they were puppets, they were still comparable to Life and Death Realm puppets. Moreover, they were controlled by several Ultimate God Realm masters. Who in the Tower of Sin could be their opponent?
Along the way, they naturally attracted the attention of countless people.
First floor, second floor, third floor, fourth floor …
Climbing up floor by floor, Luo Zheng sighed when he saw the familiar world in the pagoda. He didn't expect that he would return to the Tower of Sin, and in such a way. He couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
Yu Ze looked at Luo Zheng's expression and sneered. "I'm about to expose your lie. Why do I feel sad?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and retorted. "Someone is about to swallow his weapon. I feel sad too."
Seeing Luo Zheng's confident look, Yu Ze was startled. Could it be that he really obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal in the Talent Stele? Impossible. Yu Ze shook his head, his face still full of disbelief.
As for the others, they were too lazy to think about this problem. Whatever it was, everything would be clear once they entered the tenth floor.
The battle on the tenth floor of the Tower of Sin was as fierce as ever!
As soon as they entered the tenth floor, they saw a circle of people surrounding the Talent Stele. It seemed that someone had entered the Talent Stele to take the test.
After Boss Mo took a few steps on the tenth floor, he suddenly stopped. His eyes looked over the heads of all the creatures and stared at the wall.
Luo Zheng's name was originally at the top of the first row, so he didn't need to squeeze into the crowd to see it clearly. Boss Mo saw Luo Zheng's name and suddenly stopped.
Not only Boss Mo, but Qing Feng also stopped. Ha Peng's puppet was a work of art. Even its expression and eyes were vivid. At this moment, Qing Feng's gaze was incomparably complicated, as if he had fallen into deep thought!
As for Gu Pei Er, her eyes were shining. She laughed softly and said, "It seems that my premonition was quite correct!"
The others were all silent. Yu Ze's expression was the most exaggerated. His mouth was wide open, and his face even revealed an almost lifeless expression.
When Luo Zheng obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal in the Talent Stele, many creatures on the Sea God Continent were incomparably shocked. However, they didn't know what Gold Demi-Immortal meant.
In the eyes of the natives of the Sea God Continent, Liu Yu was the strongest genius in the history of the Sea God Continent. Even Liu Yu could only be ranked above the second row, which was considered second-grade for the time being. However, Luo Zheng directly surpassed him by one grade and was listed at the top of the Talent Stele alone. This meant that Luo Zheng's talent was two grades higher than Liu Yu's!
However, for the people of the Demi-Immortal Clan, they were even more clear about the ranking of the Talent Stele.
Gold, silver, and bronze were divided into three major ranks here! Within each color, there were various titles. Although the difference between them wasn't big, there would still be a big gap if one progressed step by step.
Demi-Immortal was the top title!
"Gold Demi-Immortal, it's really Gold Demi-Immortal. Since Evil Moon became a Celestial Master 400,000 years ago, there hasn't been a full title in the Demi-Immortal Clan!" Boss Mo murmured.
400,000 years was a long time, but compared to a Gold Demi-Immortal, it was a very short time.
In terms of time, an Era of Evolution was 3.6 billion years, and in this era, there were only six people who obtained the title of Gold Demi-Immortal. If one were to count from "Evil Moon", the last person to obtain the title of Gold Demi-Immortal was probably tens of millions of years ago, or even hundreds of millions of years ago. This span of time was almost unimaginable.
Gu Pei Er's face revealed a trace of pride. Previously, she didn't make a move against Luo Zheng, and it was indeed an incomparably correct premonition. This time, she chuckled and said to Yu Ze, "Did someone make a bet with me?"
Yu Ze's expression became extremely unnatural. However, his temperament was extremely serious. This puppet's face didn't have any blood vessels, so it didn't blush. However, the real body controlling the puppet in the Heavenly Feather Holy Land was already blushing. It was obviously impossible for him to swallow the Dark Nether Blade, but he couldn't find a way to get out of this embarrassing situation.
Boss Mo naturally didn't care about the bet between Yu Ze and Gu Pei Er, but he suddenly remembered a very important matter.
＝＝＝＝＝