Life and Death Realm warriors had to go through the first minor tribulation.
Any warrior who could get a title on the Talent Stele would open their lotus during the heavenly tribulation!
Luo Zheng went through the minor tribulation on the Feather Emperor Island. At that time, these Divine Realm warriors were still in the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, thinking about how to lure the evil dragon out. Naturally, they didn't know about Luo Zheng's tribulation.
Now, Boss Mo thought of this crucial question.
Most of the warriors who could get a title would open their lotus. If so, what kind of lotus did Luo Zheng have when he went through his first minor tribulation?
Three leaves? Five leaves? Seven leaves? Nine leaves?
Although this was his first time undergoing a Heavenly Tribulation, there was a high chance that he would sprout the Seven-leaf stage or even the Nine-leaf stage. Perhaps, he had even formed his phenomenal Lotus Flower.
"Luo Zheng, when you went through the minor tribulation, did you have a lotus?" Boss Mo asked in a low voice.
Boss Mo's voice had a hint of respect for Luo Zheng. It was a world of difference from his previous attitude.
Boss Mo knew very well what a golden Heavenly Realm warrior meant to the Heavenly Realm warriors. As a Divine Realm warrior, he was much stronger than Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was now a seed with unlimited potential. He could only look up to him in the future.
Even the arrogant Qing Feng was swept away at this moment. A fact that he didn't believe even if he was beaten to death had been verified. He didn't have the right to be arrogant in front of Luo Zheng.
The eyes of the Heavenly Realm warriors were focused on Luo Zheng's face, waiting for Luo Zheng to answer Boss Mo's question.
Facing Boss Mo's question, Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and then answered, "Yes."
"How many? How many lotus did you open? "Qing Feng seemed to be more anxious than Boss Mo.
The symbol of lotus was different from one's talent. The more lotus one opened, the higher the possibility of surpassing the Heavenly Path. The higher one's talent, the faster one's growth. However, in general, lotus and talent were related to each other to a certain extent. Those with low talent couldn't open their lotus, but those with high talent couldn't open their lotus.
Luo Zheng smiled and asked, "Boss Mo, how many lotus leaves did you open?"
"You're asking me?" Luo Zheng did not answer Mo Wuji's question. Instead, he asked Mo Wuji a question. Boss Mo smiled faintly. "After entering the Extreme Divine Stage, the Lotus Flower blooms and opens seven leaves."
Having seven lotus leaves was already an incredible feat. Even among the geniuses of the Demi-Immortal Clan, there weren't many who were able to do so.
Qing Feng said indifferently, "In the last heavenly Tribulation, I opened five leaves."
Gu Pei 'er smiled sweetly. "I've also attained the Five-leaf stage …"
She, Gu Peier, didn't get a title on the Talent Stele. Her talent was much lower than Boss Mo and Qing Feng's, but she also opened five leaves.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded and then said, "In the last heavenly tribulation, I opened 35 lotuses."
"35 …" Yu Ze almost choked on his breath.
Qing Feng and Gu Peier's eyes widened. 35 lotuses was a number they couldn't imagine.
However, Boss Mo was a little calm. The birth of a golden Heavenly Realm title meant that Luo Zheng's future was beyond everyone's imagination. He said indifferently, "Only one leaf can reach perfection. Hehe …"
"What if it's perfect?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Boss Mo laughed and said, "When you open the last lotus leaf, you'll know."
Just as everyone was discussing, a sudden noise came from the Talent Stele.
Luo Zheng and the others stood on the tenth floor while controlling the eight puppets. Although they attracted a lot of attention, the creatures on the tenth floor seemed to be more curious about a certain warrior who was being tested on the Talent Stele!
Looking past everyone's line of sight, the door of the Talent Stele suddenly opened, and a human youth walked out from the door.
The human youth's appearance was ordinary, and he only had the cultivation base of a tenth-grade warrior. However, his expression was full of confidence!
Then, the Talent Stele began to change. A layer of faint silver light covered the wall, and the silver light eventually formed the word "Asura."
"Asura: Zhao Li."
The huge words hung below Luo Zheng's name!
"Ah! Zhao Li, this kid! He's really amazing! He actually surpassed the first row and is ranked behind Luo Zheng! "
"Doesn't that mean Zhao Li's talent is second only to Luo Zheng? Heavens, what's wrong with the human race? In less than a year, such a monstrous genius has appeared one after the other! "
"The rise of the human race was originally unstoppable. Situ Haotian has already led people to attack the Twin Devil Holy Land. I'm afraid the Twin Devil Holy Land will be destroyed by now …"
Qing Feng, Boss Mo, Yu Ze, Gu Peier, and the others all stared blankly at the name on the Talent Stele. Their faces were full of expressions as if they had seen a ghost …
After a while, Qing Feng said, "I've really seen a ghost. This Great Thousand World is too strange!"
Silver Asura title …
This kid called Zhao Li, on the Talent Stele's test, had already surpassed the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Even Boss Mo only obtained a silver title, and it wasn't a particularly high title …
In the Demi-Immortal Clan, those who could obtain a gold title were few and far between, and those who could obtain a silver title were few and far between. This kind of talent was enough to make one a core member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, just like Boss Mo, who was placed in an important position by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Therefore, when carrying out missions, the other six people had to follow Boss Mo's lead.
In a mere lower realm, Luo Zheng had appeared, which was already shocking enough. Now, a young human with the title of Silver Asura had appeared in front of them. The seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan felt incomparably strange and shocked!
When this young man called Zhao Li came out, several peak War Reverends of the human race appeared from the upper ranks.
Now, the status of the human race in the Tower of Sin was completely different from before. The human race and the Demon Night Clan had become the true rulers of the Tower of Sin, and the other races had no way to resist.
Zhao Li, surrounded by the crowd, seemed very happy. Although he was very confident in his talent, to be able to surpass the first row and obtain a title, placing him below Luo Zheng, he was very satisfied! To Zhao Li, surpassing Luo Zheng was something he didn't have any hopes of.
Although Luo Zheng had left the Sea God Continent, he had become a mythical existence in the Purple Heart Holy Land. Who could surpass a mythical figure?
At this time, Boss Mo controlled his puppet and walked towards the young man called Zhao Li.
Zhao Li's face revealed a trace of doubt. He had just walked out of the Innate Stele, so he didn't notice the eight strange things that had appeared on the tenth floor. Although these people looked like humans, he could only sense a trace of soul fluctuations from them. There was no aura of life.
The peak War Reverends of the human race also looked over vigilantly. These people's origins were unknown, and their sudden appearance in the Tower of Sin made them very vigilant. However, everyone was attracted by Zhao Li's results and didn't have time to pay attention to them.
However, there were still people with sharp eyes who noticed Luo Zheng not far away!
"Luo Zheng! It's Luo Zheng! "
"Luo Zheng returned to the Sea God Continent?"
"Something's not right. Although this guy looks like Luo Zheng, he doesn't seem to be human …"
"It's just a replica. How dare he pretend to be Luo Zheng? What is he up to?"
There were no puppets on the Sea God Continent. Even if there were, they were very simple and crude existences. It was impossible for someone like Ha Peng to create a lifelike puppet.
The puppet that Ha Peng made for Luo Zheng was almost no different from Luo Zheng's main body. However, a real person and a puppet were different in the end. In the eyes of a martial artist, they only needed to use their perception to lightly sweep over the puppet and they would be able to detect that something was wrong.