Originally, Boss Mo had something to say to Zhao Li.
According to the rules of the Demi-Immortal Clan, all warriors recognized by the Talent Stele would be invited to join the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Of course, Boss Mo would not let Zhao Li get away with the Silver Asura title.
In fact, Liu Yu should have been invited as well. However, Liu Yu could only be ranked in the second row of the Talent Stele. Although this result was one of the best in the Sea God Continent, it was not outstanding in the Demi-Immortal Clan. After all, the second row was the lowest limit of the Demi-Immortal Clan.
However, before Boss Mo could speak, he suddenly heard a woman from the Human Clan say such words. She could even see through the origin of these puppets at a glance. Boss Mo, Qing Feng, and the others immediately became alert.
Luo Zheng glanced over and met Yun Luo's eyes. A faint smile appeared on his face.
Yun Luo nodded and smiled at Luo Zheng. Then, she continued, "Zhao Li comes from the Human Clan's Purple Heart Holy Land. After he ascends in the future, he will be important to the Human Clan. Your Demi-Immortal Clan should not interfere."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Qing Feng and the others immediately frowned.
Now that they had confirmed Luo Zheng's talent and unexpectedly found another genius, the Demi-Immortal Clan could not let him go. Luo Zheng would be fought for by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Similarly, they would not let this little guy named Zhao Li go.
Boss Mo said coldly, "Who are you? Which branch of the Human Clan are you from? "
"That's not important." Yun Luo shook her head. "I'm just telling you that Zhao Li will not be taken away by you."
Qing Feng snorted. "The Ascension Passage of this Great Thousand World has collapsed. If we don't bring him to the Upper World, he will be confined to this Great Thousand World for the rest of his life!"
"You don't have to worry about that. It's just going to the Ascension Passage. It's not too difficult to repair it." Yun Luo shook her head.
Boss Mo slowly took two steps forward, looked at Yun Luo, and continued, "You're just a little guy in the False Tribulation Realm. How can you stop us?"
Yun Luo's gaze was indifferent. "You're just a bunch of kids at the Ultimate Divine Realm. How could you be so hard to stop?"
The faces of the seven Demi-Immortals turned unsightly. How could this mysterious human woman be able to determine the level of their cultivation bases with a mere fragment of her soul? Who was this person?
Seeing the ugly expressions on the faces of the Demi-Immortals, a rare smile appeared on Yun Luo's face. "Don't worry. Given Zhao Li's fate, he shouldn't have joined your Demi-Immortal Clan. As for Luo Zheng, that's his own fate. If Luo Zheng wishes to join your Demi-Immortal Clan, I won't stop him."
When Luo Zheng had obtained the Fragment of the Heavenly Dao, Yun Luo had said the same thing. She had told Luo Zheng that she would not interfere with Luo Zheng's choice. Everything would be up to Luo Zheng.
"What does that mean …" Boss Mo and the others were confused when they heard that.
They could give up on Zhao Li. Although the number of Silver Asura warriors was extremely small, there was still a considerable gap between them and Gold Demi-Immortals.
However, Luo Zheng was also a human. Why would this mysterious woman be willing to capture him? Logically, they couldn't figure it out.
Seeing the expressions of the Demi-Immortals, Yun Luo said indifferently, "Some words don't need to be said so clearly. I'm just telling you that Luo Zheng's fate seems to be the Battle of the Great Era. However, in reality, he's a fateless one."
"A fateless one?"
When they heard Yun Luo's words, it was as if they had fallen into a fog.
Even Gu Pei 'er, Yu Ze, and the others of the Demi-Immortal Clan were puzzled.
Only Qing Feng seemed to have thought of something. His face was filled with shock. "A fateless one? He's a fateless one? " After saying this, he shook his head like a rattle-drum, as if he was going to shake his head off.
Luo Zheng's expression was also strange. What the hell? A fateless one? What did that mean?
Yun Luo gently turned around. "It's not good to stand here and talk. Everyone, let's move to the living area!"
Everyone followed Yun Luo out of the Talent Monument. Many warriors were whispering in private. Yun Luo had just said that they were from the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Although the Exquisite Tower was called the Tower of Sin on the Sea God Continent, through the Book of Demi-Immortal at the top of the Tower of Sin, they understood that this tower seemed to belong to the Demi-Immortal Clan. All peak War Venerables could read the Book of Demi-Immortal, so it wasn't a secret.
"What does that mean? These people are at the Ultimate God Realm? Are they even stronger than Divine Sea Realm experts? "
"Demi-Immortal Clan. That means they're the original owners of the Tower of Sin! Did they come here to take the Tower of Sin? "
Many of the living beings on the tenth floor became nervous when they heard someone say this. The Tower of Sin was far too important to the Sea God's Continent.
The Sea God Continent had always been in chaos. It was originally a barren land. If it weren't for the Tower of Sin, not to mention the Divine Kingdom Continent, even the Central Domain would be far inferior to it.
Now that everyone heard that the Demi-Immortal Clan had come to the Tower of Sin, how could they not be nervous?
"Did Luo Zheng bring them here?"
"That's too much! Luo Zheng also obtained a lot of benefits in the Tower of Sin, although he … "
"Don't talk nonsense. Luo Zheng is different from you guys. He has his own plans for what he does!"
Over here, many creatures were arguing endlessly. In the living area, Yun Luo had already sat down peacefully. The small wooden clogs on her feet gently knocked on the floor, making crisp sounds.
"What does the Fateless mean?" Yu Ze finally couldn't help but ask Qing Feng.
Qing Feng frowned and thought for a while. Then, he said, "When I was in the Great Realm Pavilion of the clan, I read a book called 'Destiny'. It recorded a strange truth. According to 'Destiny', everything in the universe is predestined. Our fate has been firmly fixed. There is no deviation at all!"
"Every smile, every sentence, every step, and every consideration has already been arranged. The rest is just a meaningless rehearsal," Yun Luo continued to say.
Gu Pei 'er puffed up her cheeks and shook her head. "I still don't understand!"
"It's normal that you don't understand," Qing Feng said indifferently. Then, he stood up and looked around. He saw a wooden plate on a stone table beside him. He grabbed the wooden plate and said, "What will happen if I let go of it?"
"Nonsense, the tray will definitely fall to the ground," Gu Pei 'er said doubtfully.
Qing Feng nodded and let go of the tray. The tray in his hand fell to the ground, making a crisp sound. "You predicted that the tray would fall."
"Pfft …" Gu Pei 'er smiled. "You're talking nonsense!"
Qing Feng continued, "Because you knew that I would drop the tray. You knew the height I raised the tray, the speed I fell, and the place I fell. So you predicted the cause and effect."
"Hmm." Gu Pei 'er nodded. She felt that Qing Feng's words were getting more and more mysterious.
"If someone witnessed the birth of the Yan Era, he could predict everything that would happen in the 3.6 billion years of the Yan Era?" Qing Feng said.
"That's impossible!" Yu Ze couldn't help but stare at Qing Feng. "Can you predict what I will do next? In the billions of years of the Yan Era, the number of creatures in the universe is more than a trillion. There are powerful figures in our clan who can predict the future, but they can only see a trace of it in the chaos. Qing Feng, you should know better than me. "
Seeing Yu Ze's excited look, Yun Luo, who was slowly kicking her wooden clogs, said, "What if it's not a person, but the Heavenly Dao?"
Qing Feng nodded. "The Way of Heaven has deduced everything. The birth of every living creature and the end of every life have long been settled. Everything is predestined, including the fact that I'm standing here and saying this!"
"The Heavenly Dao …" Yu Ze's face was a little dazed.