In theory, the entire Evolution Era was started by the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, the Heavenly Dao was able to predict every person's fate.
Just like a wooden plate, it would fall from a certain height to a certain place. How everyone lived, how they died, when they laughed, when they cried, everything was under the control of the Heavenly Dao.
However, in this world, there were always some unexpected things. In this universe, there existed a small number of people whose fates were not under the control of the Heavenly Dao.
In other words, the Heavenly Dao could not predict how these people were born, nor what their fates would be in the future …
Luo Zheng's face was extremely shocked. Even Qinglong in his mind sighed. "Hehe, I didn't expect that I was not as clear as this little girl of the human race. Luo Zheng, you are a Fateless …"
Yun Luo slowly stood up and said, "So when Luo Zheng appeared here for the first time and obtained the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, I didn't affect his decision! As for the Demi-Immortal Tribe, if you can persuade Luo Zheng to join you, I won't interfere. However, you can't touch Zhao Li, who just obtained the title of Silver Asura. "
The seven members of the Demi-Immortal Tribe were silent. In their eyes, Luo Zheng was like an alien.
Boss Mo turned to Luo Zheng and said, "So, Luo Zheng, are you willing to join our Demi-Immortal Tribe?" Whether Luo Zheng was a Fateless or not, in Boss Mo's opinion, since Luo Zheng had the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, they could not let him go. If they let Luo Zheng go and the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Tribe found out, it would be a great crime.
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment. His eyes flashed, and then he smiled. "I don't think I have a choice …"
Yu Ze laughed coldly, "At least you have some self-awareness!"
"Anyway, no one can see my fate. Joining the Demi-Immortal Tribe doesn't sound like a bad thing, but I have a request." Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed.
"What request?" Boss Mo asked again.
Luo Zheng said, "The Exquisite Pagoda will remain on the Sea God Continent for 500 years."
Actually, Luo Zheng had made up his mind from the very beginning. The Sin Tower was too important to the various races of the Sea God Continent, especially the human race and the Demon Night Clan. Most importantly, the Purple Heart Holy Land had yet to fully develop.
Although the threat of the Twin Devil Holy Land would no longer exist in the future, if the Demi-Immortal Clan were to take away the Sin Tower now, it wouldn't affect the Demon Night Clan too much. However, it would be a huge problem for the Purple Heart Holy Land.
"500 years?" Boss Mo muttered.
No matter how one looked at it, this deal was extremely cost-effective. At least they could smoothly persuade Luo Zheng to join the Demi-Immortal Clan, and they didn't need to go through a lot of trouble.
But at this time, Qing Feng said, "300 years! Right now, the Linglong Pagoda is only displaying half of its power. We can help you fully unfold the Linglong Pagoda! The effect of the Light of Creation will be far greater than it is now, and the number of floors of the Exquisite Pagoda will reach 30. "
"Fully unfold?" Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up.
Qing Feng nodded. The Demi-Immortal Clan's three Trial Pagodas all had 30 floors. However, the Exquisite Pagoda in front of them only had 15 floors …
Although this plan was good, Luo Zheng suddenly shook his head, "Forget it. In the Exquisite Pagoda, you can only cultivate to the peak war saint level. Even if you unfold the entire Exquisite Pagoda, it won't make much sense."
The Exquisite Pagoda was located in the Cursed Land, and the highest cultivation level could be controlled at the peak war saint level. If one exceeded this limit, they would be attacked by the power of the curse. Therefore, unfolding more floors was meaningless.
"This problem is too easy to solve. Just inscribe a teleportation array in the Exquisite Pagoda," Qing Feng said.
Luo Zheng still shook his head, "If we inscribe a teleportation array in the Exquisite Pagoda, won't it be eaten by the pagoda?"
Qing Feng smiled faintly, "The teleportation array you inscribe will naturally be swallowed, but the one we leave behind won't be!"
His words convinced Luo Zheng. If they could really leave a teleportation array in the Exquisite Pagoda, then regardless of whether it was a war saint or a Divine Sea Realm expert, they would be able to freely enter and exit the Exquisite Pagoda. However, they would still be affected by the power of the curse in the Exquisite Pagoda, but it would be fine as long as it didn't exceed a month.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng looked at Yun Luo and asked, "Brother Fen Qin and Brother Zhuo He, are they still at the bottom of the Evil Pagoda?"
Yun Luo nodded, "Yes, after becoming war saints, they have been cultivating at the bottom of the pagoda."
"It seems that they will be able to see the light of day again," Luo Zheng said with a smile, "Let's call them up first …"
Entering the pagoda from the bottom of the pagoda, they could stay for about a month. If they could set up a teleportation array, they would be able to leave the Exquisite Pagoda freely.
Luo Zheng and the Demi-Immortal Tribe reached a simple agreement. Then, Yun Luo sent a message to the Human Clan and the Demon Night Clan, ordering them to evacuate all living beings from the Evil Pagoda.
"Evacuate the Evil Pagoda? What is the meaning of this? "
"It can't be true, right? The Demi-Immortal Tribe is really going to take the Evil Pagoda away …"
"Sigh, it's a pity that I've only cultivated to the eighth grade. I didn't expect the Evil Pagoda to be taken away at this time. What bad luck!"
Many beings from various races were immediately unhappy. One by one, they began to shout, their faces filled with unwillingness.
Yun Luo didn't explain much to them. She went to the top of the Evil Pagoda with the seven war saints of the Demi-Immortal Tribe. The two war saints of the Human Clan, Zhao Fenqin and Zhou Zhuo He, were also invited up from the bottom of the Evil Pagoda. When they saw Luo Zheng, their faces were naturally filled with joy.
However, when they heard that the people around Luo Zheng were going to help them build a transportation array, they were wild with joy!
In fact, having cultivated to this level, their state of mind was very stable. Although the Evil Pagoda was very boring, they could still return to the Evil Pagoda from time to time for a walk. However, when they thought about how they would never be able to leave the Cursed Lands and be trapped in the Mysterious Underworld Cave and this small pagoda, the psychological pressure was considerable.
If the transportation array was built, they would be able to return to the Purple Heart Holy Land with the cultivation of war saints. For them, this was indeed something that would make them go wild with joy.
Outside the Cursed Lands, beings from various races crowded around the Evil Pagoda. Looking at the huge pagoda in front of them, many of them revealed unwillingness on their faces.
"Sigh, those people are too overbearing. They just took it away like that. The Evil Pagoda belongs to our Sea God Continent!"
"Although I'm not willing to accept it, according to legend, this pagoda does belong to the Demi-Immortal Tribe. Taking away something that belongs to us isn't overbearing, is it?"
"So what if you're not willing to accept it? Have you heard? They are existences at the Extreme Divine Realm. Do you know what the Extreme Divine Realm is? They are even more powerful than Divine Sea Realm experts. They can destroy your Holy Land with a wave of their hand … "In fact, the old man who spoke didn't know what the Extreme Divine Realm was. However, he only knew that the Extreme Divine Realm was stronger than the Divine Sea Realm.
Under the watchful gazes of many living beings, the entire Tower of Sin suddenly erupted with a violent tremor!
"Rumble …"
The buildings in the villages around the Sin Tower began to shake as well. It was as if a small earthquake had occurred. Some of the less sturdy houses collapsed due to the earthquake.
"They can't be controlling the Evil Pagoda to fly away, right …" Someone muttered.
Under this constant shaking, the tail of the Evil Pagoda actually began to stretch.
This huge pagoda was originally like a living body. Under this kind of stretching, it constantly "grew" in front of everyone's eyes. The original first floor of the Evil Pagoda rapidly rose into the air. As for the two giant warriors guarding the entrance, they could only stand on the ground in a daze.
Flying was forbidden in the Cursed Lands. No matter what, they didn't dare to fly up.
This tremor lasted for about half an hour. The part of the Evil Pagoda that extended from the surface was sixteen floors high. The part buried deep underground was fourteen floors high.
Qing Feng fulfilled his promise and completely opened the Evil Pagoda.
＝＝＝＝＝