Even after the tremors stopped, many living beings still had looks of confusion on their faces.
"It stopped, just like that? What's going on? Weren't they going to fly away? "
"They don't have the strength to take the Tower of Sin away?"
"Perhaps …."
After a long time, they finally understood that the Tower of Sin hadn't been taken away, and the current Tower of Sin was the complete form of the tower!
However, they also learned an important piece of information. The Tower of Sin could only exist on the Sea God Continent for three hundred years. Only after three hundred years would the Demi-Immortal Tribe take it away!
This news was both good news and bad news for the Sea God Continent. However, the fact that the Demi-Immortal Tribe was willing to give them a buffer was already a great consideration.
It was said that Luo Zheng had agreed to certain conditions of the Demi-Immortal Tribe in exchange for this buffer period ….
In addition to this buffer period, the Tower of Sin had two more transportation arrays. One array led directly to the Purple Heart Holy Land, while the other led directly to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land. This way, the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race's control over the Tower of Sin was even stronger. After all, if the other races wanted to cultivate in the Tower of Sin, they would have to go through the Human Race and the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land.
After the Wheel of Eight Trigrams flew back to the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, Luo Zheng withdrew a fragment of his soul from his puppet. Looking at the puppet that was almost identical to him, Luo Zheng smiled and said to Ha Peng, "Can you give this puppet to me?"
"Of course," Ha Peng said with a smile.
Although Ha Peng wasn't the strongest of the seven Demi-Immortals, he knew a lot. However, he didn't speak much and had a straightforward personality. He left a good impression on Luo Zheng.
And so, Luo Zheng put the puppet, which was comparable to a False Tribulation Realm expert, into his spatial ring.
The Demi-Immortal Tribe had come to the Sea God Continent to take away the Twinklegem Pagoda. However, the Twinklegem Pagoda had verified Luo Zheng's title. Because of this, Luo Zheng had helped the Sea God Continent complete a deal with the Demi-Immortal Tribe ….
Luo Zheng wasn't against joining the Demi-Immortal Clan. Although Feng Nianyun called the Demi-Immortal Clan a race of lunatics, they were still considered a neutral force compared to the other forces in the universe.
Moreover, joining the Demi-Immortal Clan would have to wait until he ascended. He had just stepped into the Life and Death Realm, so it was still unknown when he would ascend.
They had stayed on the Seagod Continent for about a month. Compared to when they had first arrived, the Demi-Immortal Clan was much more eager to return. After being persuaded by Luo Zheng, the seven of them took a rare trip around the Seagod Continent.
The reason why Luo Zheng chose to stay for a month was because of Liu Yu.
At first, Liu Yu wanted to squeeze out the life force from the Sacred Tree and directly inject it into Smoky. At that time, the Sacred Tree was severely injured, so Luo Zheng naturally refused.
However, in the next few days, the Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground displayed a powerful life force. Almost every day, it changed. The originally messy Heavenly Feather Sacred Ground recovered, and all the plants began to grow crazily.
The surface of the Sacred Tree also recovered a lot. Under Liu Yu's repeated requests, Luo Zheng decided to stay for a month. When the Sacred Tree accumulated some life force, Luo Zheng gave the Soul Nourishing Tree to Liu Yu.
However, this time, Luo Zheng was much more careful. Although he had already destroyed the statue of the Punishment King, the Demon Night Clan had erected another one in the blink of an eye. Luo Zheng was afraid that damned woman would control the other members of the Demon Night Clan to attack Smoky's soul again.
At the top of the Sacred Tree, only Liu Yu and Luo Zheng were left. Then, the Sacred Tree began to gently sway, and a vigorous life force began to gather along the branches of the Sacred Tree.
This time, the amount of life force squeezed out from the Sacred Tree was far less than the last time. However, after instilling the life force into the Soul Nourishing Tree, Luo Zheng's perception entered the Soul Nourishing Tree to investigate. He sensed that Smoky's soul had recovered a lot.
Although she was still asleep, as time passed, it was only a matter of time before she woke up.
However, if she wanted to control the Sword Spirit in her body to fight like before, it would be a bit difficult.
After dealing with this matter, Luo Zheng and the Demi-Immortal Clan returned to the Central Domain. However, this time, Boss Mo and the others didn't use the Eight Trigrams Wheel. They stood on a branch of the Sacred Tree and gestured for Luo Zheng to come over.
"Don't we have to cross …" Luo Zheng asked.
Qing Feng smiled faintly. "No need. We left a transmission mark in the Central Domain. Naturally, we don't need to cross such a long sea!"
Hearing Qing Feng's words, Luo Zheng remembered that they left a blood-red cross mark in the Heavenly Palace. They also left a similar mark in front of the cemetery on the Divine Emperor Island. By leaving a mark, they could teleport at will. The divine ability of the Demi-Immortal Clan was extremely convenient. Luo Zheng sighed and stood together with Gu Pei 'er and the others.
Then, a blood-red flag appeared in Ha Peng's hand. The entire flag contained rich spatial energy. As Ha Peng gently waved the flag, a blood-red ribbon of light floated around the eight people. After a short while, a great gravitational force began to pull Luo Zheng.
"Don't resist this force," Gu Pei 'er warned.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, the force pulled him into a transmission channel.
"Whoosh …"
He didn't know how the Demi-Immortal Clan did it. Even with a large-scale transmission array, Luo Zheng needed a lot of time to travel such a long distance. When Luo Zheng was transmitted from the Heavenly Mist Immortal Tomb to the Sea God Continent, he was seriously injured. When he returned from the Sea God Continent, he was also seriously injured.
However, with their transmission mark, it only took a few dozen breaths to return to the Central Domain. Moreover, the transmission channel they built was very stable.
In Heavenly Awakening City, the blood-red cross in front of the Heavenly Palace flickered with light. Luo Zheng and the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan appeared in the light.
The Demi-Immortal Clan didn't stay in the Central Domain for long. Boss Mo told Luo Zheng that they would report his matter to the higher-ups of the Demi-Immortal Clan. When the time came, someone else would take over. After that, they continued to deal with the evil dragon. Therefore, after a short pause, they activated the transmission mark again. This time, they should be heading to the Divine Kingdom Continent.
Watching the Demi-Immortal Clan slowly disappear, Luo Zheng thought to himself. The Demi-Immortal Clan, the White Brow Daoist, and Bai Yuerong of the Secret Sect had a dispute. However, this dispute didn't have much to do with Luo Zheng.
Now, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his whole body relax …
Since he stepped onto the path of a warrior, time had been like a huge rock that pressed down on Luo Zheng's body, pushing Luo Zheng forward. It was as if every breath was pressed. Luo Zheng still had some things to do, such as helping Xun regain her status and finding his sister.
However, relatively speaking, these things were relatively distant goals. For example, the strength of that young man was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. Even now, Luo Zheng didn't doubt that that young man could kill him a thousand times over with a single glance. Even the Great Thousand World wouldn't be able to withstand that young man's attack.
Now, Luo Zheng had a rare moment of leisure.
He glanced at the Heavenly Palace. It was empty. After Ning Yudie recovered, she should have returned to the Cloud Hall. Then, would Xi Youqin follow Ning Yudie back to the Cloud Hall?
At this time, he saw a big fat man flying over. It was the Merchant Union's Union Master, Shi Kefan. After seeing Luo Zheng, Shi Kefan's face was covered in sweat. He shouted, "Luo Zheng, you're finally back! Something bad has happened! They're fighting! "
Luo Zhengcai asked curiously, "Fighting? Who's fighting? "