Shi Kefan had been paying close attention to what was happening in the Heavenly Palace. When Luo Zheng returned, he immediately rushed over after receiving the news.
Looking at Shi Kefan's anxious expression, Luo Zheng had a strange expression on his face.
After Shi Kefan explained everything to him, Luo Zheng finally understood. The so-called fight was actually between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie! Why would they fight?
There was a huge gap in cultivation between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie. Ning Yudie was a Life and Death warrior, while Xi Youqin was only at the Divine Core realm. There was a False Tribulation realm between them, and the gap between their cultivations was very obvious.
However, Xi Youqin's strength couldn't be measured by ordinary cultivators. From the beginning to the end, she didn't rely on her own strength, but the help from the Extreme Purple Realm …
Currently, in the entire Central Domain, both Cui Xie and Wu Zhanhe had been killed by Luo Zheng. Aside from a few independent cultivators who had hidden themselves from the world, the strongest and most destructive were probably Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. If these two girls were to fight, it would definitely cause a huge commotion.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that after he destroyed the Tian Xie Sect, he had also killed Wu Zhanhe with a thunderous strike. The small group of people from the Tian Xie Sect who had just risen from the ashes had finally dispersed, and the entire Central Domain was slowly stabilizing.
The Void Spirit Sect and Void Sky City were slowly and orderly rebuilding, and the other sects were steadily developing as well. The Cloud Hall and the World Business Alliance's positions were further stabilized, and the topics of discussion between cultivators were gradually decreasing …
However, the fight between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie was like a burning straw that had been thrown into a pool of oil. In an instant, it had become a new hot topic in the Central Domain, and it had spread across the entire Central Domain!
Originally, Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie had a definite relationship in the eyes of those who were good at making groundless accusations. As for this young lady from the Xi family, although most people didn't know that she was the one who had summoned the huge swords that destroyed the Tian Xie Sect, they knew about the relationship between her and Luo Zheng.
Now, these two women were in a heated argument, and it had even reached the point of a fight. The speed at which this topic spread was really fast!
However, at the same time, it also attracted a burst of envy. Not to mention that Xi Youqin was the great-granddaughter of Taoist Qing Xu, Ning Yudie alone was the dream lover of all cultivators in the Central Domain. However, Ning Yudie always had a high and mighty appearance in front of others. Whether it was her cultivation or status, she was far from what ordinary people could reach. Most people could only fantasize about her in their hearts to comfort themselves.
However, Luo Zheng, that brat, could actually cause these two women to fight over him and enjoy the happiness of having two lovers. Other than envy, there was only jealousy left. If it was some cultivators who were extremely unbalanced, they would even feel indignant.
In fact, this was also Luo Zheng's own negligence.
He left the Luo Family at the age of sixteen, and all the way, he had been practicing Martial Arts. Although he was already a young man in his twenties after several years, and compared to the cultivators in the Mortal World, he might have achieved achievements in Martial Arts that others could not reach. However, he was still ignorant about the Dao of Love.
Although Xi Youqin's temperament had changed greatly, and she was very well-behaved in front of Luo Zheng, her nature was still a person who refused to admit defeat. Although she even took the initiative to take care of Ning Yudie when she was asleep, this did not mean that Xi Youqin would choose to give in. On the contrary, her heart was tied to Luo Zheng. She could give in on other things, but she would not back down in this matter.
As for Ning Yudie, she was a proud daughter of heaven since she was a child. At a young age, she was in charge of the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng was only a disciple of the Cloud Hall. In addition, she was older than Luo Zheng. Although a cultivator's lifespan was long, and a few years older did not mean anything, her performance in terms of emotions was, after all, much more reserved.
However, Ning Yudie was a person who pursued perfection. Even if she was immersed in Martial Arts and was not in a hurry to choose her Dual Cultivation partner, a woman's fantasy of love was basically magnificent and perfect. As long as there was a trace of flaw, it was like a black spot in a precious jade, which she could not bear!
The most troublesome thing was that Luo Zheng came back in a hurry, woke up Ning Yudie, and then left in a hurry. He did not have a proper arrangement for this matter.
After Luo Zheng left, the atmosphere between the two women underwent a drastic change. Although they did not quarrel, they did not get along well with each other. Shi Kefan and the others could see this in their eyes.
The most troublesome thing was that Ning Yudie did not immediately return to the Cloud Hall. Instead, she waited for someone in the World Business Alliance.
At this time, Granny Yu, who had gone overseas, returned!
Life and Death Realm cultivators would make thorough preparations before crossing the Life and Death Calamity.
However, the Life and Death Calamity was not so easy to cross. Life and Death Realm cultivators would seize the time to search for opportunities, and use all means to cross the calamity.
At that time, Granny Yu was old and her strength was declining. Knowing that she could not cross the second Life and Death Calamity, she had only one path to take, and that was to go overseas to search for new opportunities.
In fact, it was not only the cultivators of the Central Domain who said this. The War Emperors and War Emperors of the four Divine Kingdoms would also walk this path when they reached the end of their lifespan.
However, how could the opportunities of the overseas be so easy to find? In the vast majority of cases, these cultivators who were nearing the end of their lifespan would never return. They would be buried in some inaccessible sea region of the Great Thousand World.
Therefore, Ning Yudie also knew what Granny Yu and Ning Yudie's parting meant.
However, she never expected that when she woke up and checked her Sound Transmitting Talisman, she would receive a message from Granny Yu. Granny Yu had already returned to the Central Domain and was rushing back to Awakening Heaven City.
Ning Yudie was naturally wild with joy. Not only did her master not die overseas, she should have already crossed the second Life and Death Calamity. Not to mention her master's great increase in strength, as long as Granny Yu was still alive, it was the best thing for Ning Yudie!
After all, when Ning Yudie's entire family was annihilated, her master had become her only family.
The three leaders of the Merchant Union were also very happy when they learned of this matter. They even organized a banquet to welcome Granny Yu.
Not many cultivators were invited to this banquet, but the leaders of the fourth-grade sects of the Central Domain were invited. Among them were Taoist Priest Qing Xu and the others who were busy with the construction of the Void Spirit Sect.
When Granny Yu learned that so many things had happened after she left the Central Domain, she sighed in her heart. Fortunately, the Tian Xie Sect had been annihilated, and the Central Domain had returned to its peaceful state. There were no major hidden worries.
However …
Halfway through the banquet, Taoist Priest Qing Xu and Granny Yu were chatting. They brought up his great-granddaughter, Xi Youqin. Taoist Priest Qing Xu had originally said something polite. He had said that in the future, his great-granddaughter would marry Luo Zheng of the Cloud Hall. They could be considered relatives by marriage.
Granny Yu had been in a good mood when she heard that Luo Zheng had killed Cui Xie and even found some super experts to kill the almighty of the Divine Nations. Suddenly, she heard about Xi Youqin. Her expression immediately changed. When she turned around and saw the unnatural expression on Ning Yudie's face, the hot-tempered Granny Yu immediately turned hostile.
She knew that Ning Yudie liked Luo Zheng. If it was before, she would have felt that Luo Zheng was not worthy of her most outstanding disciple. But now, looking at them again, the two were really a perfect match. One was the leader of the Cloud Hall, the leader of the strongest sect in the Central Domain, and the other was the number one person in the Central Domain! They were a match made in heaven. Why did Xi Youqin suddenly appear?
So, Granny Yu immediately said, "A sparrow is a sparrow. How can you become a phoenix?"
Everyone present was a reputable figure. Although the Void Spirit Sect was still being rebuilt, Taoist Priest Qing Xu was not easy to deal with. With the Void Spirit Sect's foundation, it was only a matter of time before it regained its former glory. Taoist Priest Qing Xu's expression immediately turned ugly. Xi Youqin was his most beloved grandchild. How could he tolerate such words?
Therefore, Taoist Priest Qing Xu and Granny Yu quarreled on the spot. The atmosphere suddenly became very tense. As for Shi Kefan, Yan Yueshan, and the others, their faces were full of bitterness. It was too late for regrets. They should not have hosted this banquet. Who would have thought that such a small matter would become like this?
If it was just two elders quarreling, this matter would have passed. Everything would have to be discussed after Luo Zheng returned. However, Xi Xiaojie was unhappy to see his sister being talked about like this. He jumped out to speak for Xi Youqin.