In the beginning, Ning Yudie sat quietly in her seat and didn't say anything due to her modesty.
However, as the quarrel became more and more intense, Granny Yu attacked Xi Youqin several times.
Xi Youqin was obedient in front of Luo Zheng, but in front of outsiders, she wouldn't show any face. So what if Granny Yu was a Life and Death Realm expert? Her great-grandfather was also there …
So, after mulling over it for several times, Xi Youqin said indifferently, "Granny Yu, you said I'm a sparrow and that I'm not a good match for Luo Zheng, but so what? Although Luo Zheng and I are husband and wife in name, we're already husband and wife in reality. "
As soon as these words were spoken, the whole place fell silent.
A cup of hundred-year-old top-grade Imperial Fen Wine was placed on the corner of Ning Yudie's tea table. She hadn't drunk a single sip during the banquet, but at this moment, she stretched out her jade fingers and drank the wine in the cup in one gulp. With her cultivation, she wouldn't get drunk, but the piercing taste of the strong wine still made her face blush. She said coldly, "Shameless!"
Between martial artists, the boundaries between men and women weren't that strict. Xi Youqin's admission of her relationship with Luo Zheng didn't mean anything. At most, it could be said that she was a little bold.
When Daoist Qing Xu heard Ning Yudie's words, he immediately became furious. "How can you talk like that …"
How could Granny Yu let an outsider teach Ning Yudie a lesson? So, the quarrel escalated and they almost came to blows.
No matter how good Shi Kefan's mouth was, it was difficult for him to persuade them. The quarrel eventually turned into a battle. Xi Youqin actually challenged Ning Yudie.
"Their battle was in Cloud Sea City?" Luo Zheng listened to Shi Kefan's recount of the events of that day as he flew towards Tianqi City's teleportation array.
"Yes, it was in Cloud Sea City!" Shi Kefan said with absolute certainty.
From the perspective of the Merchant Union, peace was the most important thing in the world. Moreover, this was not a big deal. Why did it escalate to the point where both sides had to fight?
Fortunately, at least Luo Zheng had come back. Perhaps only Luo Zheng himself could solve this problem.
After entering the Teleportation Formation in Heavenly Awakening City, Luo Zheng swiftly flew through the teleportation passageway and swiftly rushed towards Ocean of Clouds City. Fortunately, this sort of short distance teleportation passageway was extremely stable, so Luo Zheng executed his movement technique and sped through the passageway. In just a few dozen breaths of time, he'd arrived at the end of the passageway.
"Whoosh …"
As a blazing white glow arose from the teleportation formation, Luo Zheng's figure appeared within the teleportation formation in the city.
Several guards of Cloud Sea City were guarding this teleportation formation. Although the remnants of the Tian Xie Sect had been wiped out, all the main cities were still in a state of alert. Cultivators who entered and exited the teleportation formation had to be checked for their nameplates. Merchants who came and went had to be checked for the exclusive documents of the World Business Alliance.
Those Divine Illumination Realm guards sized up Luo Zheng a few times. After trying to determine Luo Zheng's cultivation, they revealed a trace of astonishment on their faces. They were completely unable to see through Luo Zheng's cultivation!
Although they knew that Luo Zheng was an existence they couldn't afford to offend, one of the guards still braced himself and dutifully asked, "Friend, may I ask who you are …."
Luo Zheng was in a hurry to stop the battle between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie, so how could he possibly pay attention to these people? His figure suddenly floated, and those guards felt a flash in front of their eyes. Luo Zheng had already disappeared before their eyes.
That guard obeyed the order and was about to sound the alarm to stop Luo Zheng, but another guard stopped him. "There's no need to sound the alarm!"
"Why? Why would such an expert of unknown origin barge into our Cloud Sea City …. "That guard was puzzled.
"That's not an unknown origin. That's Luo Zheng from the Cloud Hall!" Another guard said.
"He's Luo Zheng!" That guard opened his eyes wide and looked at the sky in shock. However, Luo Zheng's figure was nowhere to be seen.
Above Cloud Sea City, several False Tribulation Realm cultivators were floating. Apart from them, there was no lack of Life and Death Realm cultivators, such as Granny Yu, Ning Yudie, and Daoist Qing Xu ….
These experts could be considered as the top experts in the Central Domain, but they were fighting over a man. This was probably the first time in the Central Domain that something like this had happened since ancient times.
After Ning Yudie broke through to the Life and Death realm, her overall strength had increased tremendously. Although she was only at the first level of the Life and Death realm, she was strong enough to fight those at the second level, or even the third level.
However, Xi Youqin's cultivation base was only at the Divine Core realm. In the entire Central Domain, her cultivation base was considered ordinary among all the sects. The problem was that her unique Extreme Purple Yin Body was extremely powerful! Not only was Xi Youqin able to obtain help from the Extreme Purple Realm, but she could also summon True Spirits that could destroy the heavens and earth.
If they really fought to the death, the price of this battle would be far beyond anyone's imagination.
Therefore, Ning Yudie did not underestimate Xi Youqin in the slightest. She knew that Xi Youqin had summoned countless giant swords and cut over a hundred thousand independent cultivators of the Heavenly Evil Sect into meat paste, including many Void Tribulation Realm cultivators.
Fighting with others for a man was not something Ning Yudie was willing to do.
But too bad, the man was Luo Zheng … When she recalled Luo Zheng's kiss, Ning Yudie's heart was filled with warmth. How could she share this with anyone?
"Huuu …"
A gentle breeze swept across the battlefield, causing the several meter long Ice Phoenix feathers behind Ning Yudie to flutter in the wind. A ferocious look flickered in her eyes as she formed a Profound Ice Halberd in her hand. She stared at Xi Youqin who was not far away from her.
She could sense the stubborn aura emanating from Xi Youqin, but some things couldn't be changed by stubbornness alone. Therefore, she had no choice but to attack.
Xi Youqin was indeed stubborn. The only thing that could support her when facing Ning Yudie was her stubbornness!
The pressure a Divine Core warrior would face when facing a Life and Death warrior was unimaginable. But, she didn't back down at all. There was only one thought in her mind, and that was to stay by Luo Zheng's side no matter what! Judging from this, Xi Youqin's requirements were much lower than Ning Yudie's. She didn't pursue perfection, and she didn't reject Ning Yudie either. She just wanted to have her own place by Luo Zheng's side.
Seeing Ning Yudie forming her unique Profound Ice Halberd, Xi Youqin simply stretched out her hand, causing countless ripples to appear in the sky. Numerous black shadows slowly appeared, and they were all huge swords that were being shot out from the Extreme Purple Realm!
Swoosh!
Right at this moment, a figure shot out from the Cloud Sea City at an incredible speed. Without any hesitation, he stood between the two girls.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm, but there was a smile on his face. He glanced at Xi Youqin, then at Ning Yudie. After that, he pretended not to know anything and asked, "What are you two doing?"
"Luo Zheng!"
Right when Luo Zheng appeared, the huge swords disappeared. Xi Youqin didn't have a strong will to fight, so when she saw Luo Zheng, a gentle smile emerged on her face. She floated over to Luo Zheng and held onto Luo Zheng's arm.
As for Ning Yudie, she still pointed her Profound Ice Halberd at Xi Youqin, but there was a trace of sadness in her eyes as she stared at Luo Zheng. She wouldn't stick to him like Xi Youqin.
When Daoist Qing Xu and Xi Xiaojie saw Luo Zheng, they greeted Luo Zheng with smiles on their faces.
As for Xi Xiaojie, the number one genius of the Void Spirit Sect who'd always wanted to challenge Luo Zheng but hadn't been able to get his wish, he directly called Luo Zheng 'brother-in-law'.
Granny Yu was so angry that her nose became crooked when she heard this form of address, and she grunted coldly from nearby!
"Granny Yu, I heard that you've returned from overseas. Luo Zheng is happy for you!" Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Granny Yu.
"Haha! Luo Zheng, you aren't happy, are you? You should be wishing that I, this old man, had died outside! " In Granny Yu's eyes, Luo Zheng was indeed very good, but when it came to Xi Youqin, her temper was very bad.
Luo Zheng still had a smile on his face. What he needed to do now was to resolve the conflict between the two women. Since Granny Yu wanted to make a decision for Ning Yudie, her words wouldn't be pleasant to hear.
As for Ning Yudie, she was still like an ice sculpture. When she looked at Xi Youqin's smiling face, her face revealed a cold chill.
＝＝＝＝＝