Leaning against Luo Zheng's chest, Xi Youqin felt very peaceful, as if all distracting thoughts had disappeared without a trace. Everything around her seemed unimportant.
The faint smile on Xi Youqin's face was like a thorn, stabbing into Ning Yudie's heart, making her feel extremely uncomfortable.
"Kuang …"
The Profound Ice Halberd in Ning Yudie's hand, which had just condensed not long ago, shattered into pieces at this moment and fell to the ground. However, when it fell to the ground, it had already turned into a little bit of True Qi and began to quickly dissipate into the world, returning to the world's Yuan Qi.
"Master, I want to go back." Ning Yudie turned her head, and her long Ice Phoenix feathers gently shook. She was like an Ice Phoenix, nimbly flying towards the Cloud Hall, but her lonely back seemed to be slightly injured.
"Little Die!"
"Little Die!"
Luo Zheng and Grandma Yu shouted at the same time.
But after shouting, Grandma Yu fiercely glared at Luo Zheng, and then followed after Ning Yudie.
Grandma Yu and Ning Yudie left, but there were still many elders of the Cloud Hall in front of them. Daoist Master Dameng was also among them. When he looked at Luo Zheng, his eyes revealed a trace of a bitter smile.
Luo Zheng's path of martial arts had been smooth, and it could be said that he had skyrocketed. Although it was thrilling, he would pass every obstacle. But when it came to the word "love", it seemed that it would not be so smooth.
In fact, it was normal for a martial artist to have three wives and four concubines. Not to mention the harems of the War Emperors and War Emperors in the Divine Kingdom Continent, even if an ordinary Divine Realm martial artist in the Central Domain indulged in female charms, he would also have a large number of wives and concubines!
However, Daoist Master Dameng understood the Temple Master's temperament very well. If he wanted Ning Yudie to compromise in this aspect, he was afraid that it would be an even more difficult path than the path of martial arts. Moreover, Granny Yu was eager to protect her child. She also couldn't tolerate this grain of sand in her eyes. She could only rely on Luo Zheng's own ability to resolve this conflict.
Seeing Ning Yudie leave quickly, Luo Zheng wanted to chase after her, but Xi Youqin was like a sheep, curling up in his arms. Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess, and he didn't know how to deal with this matter.
In this kind of matter, Luo Zheng appeared to be naïve and unable to grasp the propriety. This was because he was immersed in martial arts and had never experienced this kind of thing before.
In the Cloud Cloud Hall, in the Ice Palace, streams of icy mist gently spread out. There was a sense of mystery in the haziness, as if it was a paradise on earth.
A lifelike Ice Phoenix slowly flew around Ning Yudie. Although this Ice Phoenix was a visualization object, under Ning Yudie's unceasing visualization, it had gained some intelligence.
It could sense Ning Yudie's mood. Ning Yudie's mood was low, and the Ice Phoenix's mood was similarly low.
"Yo," the Ice Phoenix softly cried out.
Ning Yudie hugged her well-proportioned legs. When she heard this cry, a slight smile appeared on her face. She reached out her hand and gently stroked the Ice Phoenix's head. In addition to loneliness, there was also a trace of stubbornness in her smile.
In fact, even Ning Yudie herself didn't know why she was so stubborn. Was it because she instinctively hated Xi Youqin? Or was it because she hated Luo Zheng?
"Tock tock tock …"
Granny Yu's figure passed through the layers of icy mist and slowly walked in.
Ning Yudie glanced at her master and forced a smile on her face. She called out, "Master."
Seeing Ning Yudie's smiling face, Granny Yu sighed instead. "If you're sad, don't force yourself."
"Master, I'm not sad," Ning Yudie still smiled.
Granny Yu shook her head. "I was your age, how could I not understand your thoughts?"
In terms of martial arts attainments, Ning Yudie probably didn't lose to Granny Yu. Even if her talent was placed in the four Divine Kingdoms, compared to those Divine Rank geniuses, she was still an outstanding existence.
But in terms of the ways of the world, how could she compare to Granny Yu who had lived for so many years?
After being seen through, Ning Yudie fell silent. However, Granny Yu still felt sorry for her. She sat beside Ning Yudie and sighed. "No matter how you look at it, Luo Zheng is an excellent Dual Cultivation Partner. Moreover, martial artists have a long lifespan, so marrying and taking in concubines is a normal thing."
Previously, outside of the Cloud Hall, she was undeniably firmly on Ning Yudie's side. But now, she was persuading Ning Yudie.
"Master, if you say that he's an excellent Dual Cultivation Partner, then wouldn't all the women in the world marry him?" Ning Yudie stretched out her slender fingers. With a light twist of her fingertips, tiny snowflakes quickly condensed in her hand.
Generally speaking, snowflakes were only the size of a needle tip. Only with great eyesight would one be able to distinguish their shape. But in Ning Yudie's hand, the snowflakes extended from its four corners and expanded until they formed a palm-sized snowflake that slowly danced in her hand.
Granny Yu faintly smiled. "All the women in the world will marry him? I'm afraid this brat won't be able to take it. But you're half right. No matter what, you're too stubborn on this matter. In my opinion, that Xi Youqin is much smarter than you! "
"Smarter?" Hearing this, Ning Yudie pouted unhappily. In terms of talent, she didn't know much about the four Divine Kingdoms, but in the entire Central Domain, who could compare to her? In this regard, Ning Yudie was quite conceited.
In fact, Ning Yudie's talent wasn't low in the entire Vast Thousand Domains. If the women of the three continents were compared, she should be on par with the Divine Kingdom's Princess Huo Yun 'er. She might even be slightly inferior to Liu Yu of the Demon Night Clan. However, Ning Yudie hadn't entered the Exquisite Pagoda to train, so it was impossible to determine which level her talent belonged to.
Granny Yu, however, saw through Ning Yudie's conceit. She continued, "I'm talking about emotional intelligence. You're still a child in this aspect … Sigh, that Luo Zheng is the same."
If Daoist Master Dameng could see it, Granny Yu could naturally see it as well. However, Granny Yu cared a lot about her face. How could she lose her prestige in front of Daoist Master Qingxu? This was the reason for this dispute. But how could Granny Yu not know what these young people were thinking and doing?
If Luo Zheng's emotional intelligence was higher, this cause wouldn't have been planted, and this effect wouldn't have appeared. It was only two women. Some people with high emotional intelligence were able to take advantage of both sides and smoothly handle the women behind them.
However, in the end, they were still too young. Luo Zheng had just turned twenty, and Ning Yudie was a few years older. In the hundred or thousand years scale of a martial artist's lifespan, they were considered infants who had just been born. They were still incomparably immature.
As for Xi Youqin, it was just as Granny Yu said. Her emotional intelligence was indeed extremely high.
Perhaps Xi Youqin's behavior at the beginning was extremely foolish. However, after she followed Luo Zheng, she restrained all her small temperaments and shockingly became an obedient wife. She completely treated Luo Zheng as her own world, putting herself in it and refusing to jump out.
How many men in the world wouldn't like a woman like this?
After Ning Yudie thought about it, she seemed to understand a little. However, she just smiled lightly and said, "I can't do it now!"
When she heard Ning Yudie's words, Granny Yu's expression became a little clearer. You can't do it now, but it doesn't mean you can't do it in the future. This child seems to have thought it through a little?
In a quiet and elegant place in Cloud Sea City, Daoist Priest Qing Xu and Luo Zheng chatted for a while. Daoist Priest Qing Xu expressed his gratitude to Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng was a key figure in the reconstruction of the Void Spirit Sect. If Luo Zheng hadn't destroyed the Tian Xie Sect, his Void Spirit Sect would probably still be the headquarters of the Tian Xie Sect. How could it ever see the light of day again?
Luo Zheng dealt with Daoist Priest Qing Xu, but he was still worried about Ning Yudie. Although she didn't reveal a trace of sadness, her figure that slowly floated away caused Luo Zheng to feel a little heartache.
Daoist Priest Qing Xu was tactful. He stood up for Xi Youqin before because Xi Youqin had no one to rely on and could only rely on the Xi Family. Now that the main character, Luo Zheng, had arrived, he, Daoist Priest Qing Xu, was indeed not suitable to get too involved. The young people's matters were naturally left to the young people to deal with. Moreover, didn't his great-granddaughter have the upper hand? No matter how you looked at it, Luo Zheng didn't seem like an irresponsible person …
Therefore, after chatting for a while, Daoist Priest Qing Xu left with Xi Xiaojie. When Xi Xiaojie left, he was still full of smiles and kept calling Luo Zheng brother-in-law.
After the people of the Void Spirit Sect left, Xi Youqin's silly face suddenly became serious. She looked at Luo Zheng and pursed her lips. A wisp of wisdom appeared on her docile face. "I think you should go to the Cloud Hall."
"Why should I go to the Cloud Hall? I'm not going. "Luo Zheng shook his head almost reflexively.