On this point, Xi Youqin was obviously very stupid in other aspects, but she was extremely insightful when it came to matters of the heart.
She was keenly aware that she couldn't have Luo Zheng to herself. Although Xi Youqin was extremely repulsed by other women, she understood that Luo Zheng was like a hidden dragon in the abyss. In the future, he would definitely soar to the sky. At such a young age, he had already become the number one person in the Central Domain. In the future, his stage would definitely not be limited to the small Central Domain.
To be able to marry such a husband, Xi Youqin was already very satisfied. How could she try to control Luo Zheng?
As for Ning Yudie's small temper, that was Ning Yudie's matter. Xi Youqin wasn't someone who was easy to deal with. She wouldn't sympathize with Ning Yudie, but she understood more clearly the position Ning Yudie had in Luo Zheng's heart. She was only speaking like this now because she didn't want to see Luo Zheng sad.
"Persuade? How? "Luo Zheng smiled helplessly.
Xi Youqin smiled faintly. She leaned over and whispered in Luo Zheng's ear, "Aren't all women meant to be coaxed? Don't look at how she's a Palace Lord. In this aspect, she's extremely childish. If you coax her with a few words, it won't be a problem … "
She whispered in Luo Zheng's ear softly. Her breath smelled like orchids.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He kissed her lightly on the forehead, "You sound like you're very experienced."
Xi Youqin's face blushed slightly. She rolled her eyes. Then, she coquettishly glared at Luo Zheng. "How could that be! I'm just helping you come up with a plan! "
However, after hearing Xi Youqin's words, Luo Zheng calmed down a little. Although he felt that it was very tricky, he understood that there were some things that he had to face by himself.
After settling Xi Youqin down, he was about to enter the Cloud Hall. But at this time, the Ancestral Dragon in Luo Zheng's Spirit Beast Bag suddenly poked out its small head and made a "Ga Gu" sound towards Xi Youqin. The Ancestral Dragon's face revealed a hint of intimacy.
"This little fellow …"
In the Heavenly Feather Holy Land, the Demon Night Clan had given Luo Zheng a small and exquisite Spirit Beast Pouch.
An ordinary Sumeru Space couldn't store living things, but the space inside the Spirit Beast Pouch was specially arranged. Although the space wasn't big, it was enough for the Ancestral Dragon to live inside.
Probably because it had been cooped up in the Spirit Beast Pouch for too long, the little fellow wanted to come out and take a breath of fresh air. When it saw Xi Youqin, it cried out towards her. Then, it actually left the Spirit Beast Pouch on its own and pounced towards Xi Youqin.
Apart from being close to him, the Ancestral Dragon also liked Xi Youqin very much. Luo Zheng was very puzzled. Could it be because of Xi Youqin's Extreme Violet Yin Body? Or was there some secret that he didn't know? Luo Zheng naturally didn't think about this question. Since that was the case, Luo Zheng temporarily left the Ancestral Dragon by Xi Youqin's side. Then, he turned into a streak of light and flew towards the Cloud Hall.
Although the Cloud Hall's Sect Protecting Array was still active, Luo Zheng didn't choose to take a shortcut this time. Instead, he directly went through the main entrance of the Cloud Hall.
Several guards were waiting at the main entrance of the Cloud Hall. When they saw Luo Zheng, they respectfully released part of the barrier and let Luo Zheng in.
After the battle with the Tian Xie Sect in Heavenly Awakening City, Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall after a year. However, he was still very familiar with the surroundings. After passing through the main hall, Luo Zheng flew all the way to the Ice Palace.
Just as he arrived at the entrance of the Ice Palace, Luo Zheng felt a wave of cold air escaping from the Ice Palace.
After sizing up the milky-white aura for a while, he entered the cold air.
However, just as Luo Zheng entered the Ice Palace, several sounds of something breaking through the air could be heard.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Whoosh! Three azure ice cones shot towards Luo Zheng.
Looking at the rapidly approaching ice cones, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. His figure flashed and easily dodged. However, just as he dodged, three more ice cones shot towards him!
This time, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. Instead, he casually caught the ice cones and threw them on the floor, creating a crisp sound.
Ice cones were constantly being shot out from the white mist. Luo Zheng faced these ice cones and advanced. As he advanced through the Ice Palace, he probably caught hundreds of ice cones along the way.
Moreover, the ice cones were getting faster and faster, and their strength was also increasing!
"This …" A bitter smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. It seemed that Ning Yudie was really feeling wronged, and it seemed that she had used her full strength. After all, ordinary Life and Death Experts wouldn't be able to withstand such a sharp icicle.
However, for Luo Zheng, this level of attack was nothing. In this great thousand world, only Divine Sea Realm experts could threaten Luo Zheng. No matter how powerful Life and Death Realm experts were, they couldn't kill him unless the entire great thousand world was destroyed.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng quickened his pace and rushed into the depths of the Ice Palace. Ning Yudie was sitting barefoot on the ground. Thousands of ice cones were floating around her!
After seeing Luo Zheng appear, the anger on Ning Yudie's face became even more intense, and there was even a look of grievance on her face. She gently waved her small hand, and all the icicles shot towards Luo Zheng!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng simply stood on the spot without moving and closed his eyes!
However, because of Luo Zheng's action, Ning Yudie was frightened. The ice cones she released in anger were powerful enough to kill ordinary Life and Death Realm experts! Although Ning Yudie knew that Luo Zheng's body was different from ordinary people's, even if his body was tough and tyrannical, he couldn't withstand this kind of attack!
Originally, Ning Yudie thought that Luo Zheng would be able to dodge easily. Who would have thought that he would suddenly stand still and not dodge? Ning Yudie's icicles were only inches away from Luo Zheng. She could only scream at Luo Zheng, "Dodge! You can't stop it! "
"Clang clang clang clang clang …"
Thousands of icicles pierced towards Luo Zheng at the same time. When they hit Luo Zheng's body, they immediately turned into blue ice crystals. Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!
Those ice shards directly buried Luo Zheng …
This time, Ning Yudie was scared out of her wits. Although she resented Luo Zheng, in the end, she still felt sorry for him. She ran barefoot towards the pile of ice shards, and in her panic, she even forgot that she could remove the ice shards. After all, these ice shards were melted by her True Essence, and as long as she willed it, she would be able to melt them into True Essence.
She used her hands to quickly dig in the pile of ice shards. While digging, she shouted his name. "Luo Zheng? Luo Zheng! "Her face was full of panic.
However, when Ning Yudie was halfway through digging, a hand suddenly stretched out from the pile of ice shards. It grabbed Ning Yudie's waist and pulled her to the top of the pile of ice shards. As for Luo Zheng, his body slowly climbed out of the ice shards.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was safe and sound, Ning Yudie was surprised and happy. But then, anger and grievance once again appeared on her face!
She was really worried. After all, her strength had more than doubled after entering the Life and Death Realm. This time, her attack was too heavy. But she didn't expect that Luo Zheng would be unscathed.
Although Ning Yudie knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Life and Death Realm, and his strength had certainly improved greatly, it shouldn't have improved to this extent, right?
"You … let go!" Ning Yudie was ashamed and angry. Her petite and soft body constantly struggled in Luo Zheng's arms.
How could Luo Zheng let go? The hand that held Ning Yudie's slender waist was like an iron hoop, firmly holding her to his side. With Luo Zheng's current strength, how could Ning Yudie break free?
After struggling for a while, Ning Yudie gradually exhausted her strength. Her originally stiff body also relaxed, but her expression didn't relax in the slightest. She was still slowly glaring at Luo Zheng with hatred.
She didn't know what to think, but True Yuan erupted from her body. It condensed into a large amount of ice crystals, which directly wrapped Luo Zheng and condensed into a large ice coffin. Those ice crystals accumulated layer by layer, and the ice coffin grew bigger and bigger. The two people were firmly frozen inside.
The cold was bone-piercing, but looking at Ning Yudie's fierce and beautiful face, Luo Zheng's desire to conquer was aroused!