Although Ning Yudie's ice was as hard as iron, Luo Zheng's strength suddenly erupted. His whole body's muscles trembled slightly, and countless cracks appeared on the ice coffin. From the outside, the originally transparent ice coffin had turned milky white because of these cracks, and the situation inside couldn't be seen clearly.
Then, with a "crash" sound, the ice coffin suddenly shattered …
Ning Yudie was still unconvinced. The moment the ice coffin collapsed, she once again emitted a powerful True Yuan, condensing a brand new ice coffin. However, Luo Zheng exerted his strength, and the ice coffin collapsed once again!
As the ice coffin continued to condense and collapse, more and more pieces of ice gathered under the two of them. These ice dregs converged into a small ice mountain, lifting the two of them higher and higher.
Last time, when Ning Yudie crossed the tribulation, the dome of the ice palace was almost blown away. After it was rebuilt, an opening was left in the ice palace, forming a patio. Standing in the middle of the ice palace, one could see the sky.
As the ice mountain continued to rise, it directly pushed the two of them out of the roof …
Although Ning Yudie's ice palace was built in the deepest part of the Cloud Hall, it was also the highest place in the Cloud Hall!
There were many guards patrolling in the sky above the Cloud Hall. Moreover, the vision and eyesight of warriors were extremely strong. As long as the warriors below raised their heads, they would certainly be able to see the scene at the top of the ice palace.
Luo Zheng tightly hugged Ning Yudie, and the ice mountain lifted them out of the roof, which was somewhat eye-catching!
"Why is there an ice mountain growing out of the Palace Master's palace?"
"Could it be that the Palace Master is cultivating some kind of cultivation technique? Did he make a new breakthrough? "
"Idiot! Can't you see clearly that there's someone on the ice mountain? "
Although these discussions were far away, Ning Yudie was a Life and Death expert. How powerful was her hearing? Although the voices were soft, they all entered her ears.
Thus, Ning Yudie was ashamed and ashamed. She lowered her voice and angrily said, "Let go of me!"
"I won't let go!" Luo Zheng resolutely said to Ning Yudie. His expression was quite resolute.
"I beg you!" Ning Yudie had never begged anyone before, but she really couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng!
"Begging me is useless!" A trace of a smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Although the elders, deacons, and disciples of the Cloud Hall all understood the principle of "see no evil", there were more and more gazes gathered from the windows and corners.
Ning Yudie's face turned from white to red, from her cheeks to her ears. Even though she was lying on top of an iceberg, her face couldn't cool down in the slightest.
She couldn't bear it anymore... She actually couldn couldn't help but cry, who was as strong as a man, she couldn, who was a strong strong strong as a man, a man, a man, a, Ning, a strong strong strong manly was couldn 'couldn't bear it she couldn' couldn ', she couldn't bear......... and she.
"You're bullying me!" Ning Yudie sobbed.
"Yes, I'm bullying you!" Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie's beautiful face and said.
Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with tears. She tried to bite Luo Zheng's shoulder. However, Luo Zheng's body was as strong as a sacred tool. This bite almost broke her teeth.
She couldn't beat him, she couldn't scold him, and she couldn't even bite him. Ning Yudie could only bury her head and cry like a helpless little girl!
At this time, Luo Zheng's hand passed through Ning Yudie's hair and brought her face close to his. Looking at Ning Yudie's tear-stained face, he kissed her.
At first, Ning Yudie only whimpered unwillingly. However, after a while, she gave up resisting and peacefully closed her eyes. Then, she took the initiative to welcome him.
The dignified Hall Master of the Cloud Hall was shamelessly kissing a man on top of the Ice Palace. Ning Yudie herself wouldn't believe such a thing. However, Ning Yudie had already stopped thinking. As for other people's gazes, she had already forgotten about it.
At the edge of the Cloud Hall, at the door of a small thatched cottage, Grandma Yu's bent body looked over. Her face revealed a faint smile. After a long time, she turned around and entered her own cottage. She muttered, "Young people flirting … is also very normal …"
After Ning Yudie's fiery brain returned to normal, she extended her hand behind Luo Zheng's back. Aiming at the iceberg below, she gently pressed down. All the ice fragments instantly dissipated, turning into true energy and dissipating between heaven and earth.
After losing the support of this small iceberg, Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie rapidly fell down.
"Pa!" Luo Zheng heavily smashed onto the ground. Ning Yudie used Luo Zheng as a meat cushion. Her petite body used the momentum to bounce up. Her bare feet stood on the ground. Using her hands to tidy up her slightly messy long hair, she stared at Luo Zheng with a charming smile on her face.
However, the two's tenderness had already aroused some of Luo Zheng's desires. Many warriors in the False Tribulation Realm had already tasted all the beauties in the world. However, Luo Zheng had only experienced Xi Youqin. He couldn't restrain his impulse. His figure flashed, and he once again pounced on Ning Yudie.
This time, Ning Yudie's face revealed a panicked expression. Using her hands to protect her chest, her crescent-like eyebrows knitted together. "No!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng didn't force Ning Yudie.
"You promised me … We, at least after the Dual Cultivation Ceremony …" Ning Yudie's style was vigorous, but she was an incomparably traditional woman. Many warriors didn't care about marriage, but Ning Yudie couldn't accept this.
Since she wasn't willing, Luo Zheng didn't force her. He just whispered in Ning Yudie's ear, "Then we'll start preparing for the Dual Cultivation Ceremony tomorrow!"
Ning Yudie's thin lips slightly pursed. She didn't say anything, but it could be considered a tacit agreement …
Within three days, the news that the Cloud Hall was about to hold the Dual Cultivation Ceremony spread throughout the Central Domain through the World Business Alliance.
Currently, the World Business Alliance was the largest force in the entire Central Domain. However, Luo Zheng's Cloud Hall was the largest Sect. The Dual Cultivation Ceremony would be held by all the third-grade forces in the Central Domain!
As for the dispute between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie, it could be said that it had come to an end. Previously, Ning Yudie couldn't accept sharing a husband with her. Now that she thought of this, perhaps she still felt a strong sense of jealousy in her heart. However, because of Luo Zheng, she forcefully suppressed it. In the future, she and Xi Youqin would inevitably quarrel, but for now, she didn't think too much about it.
The preparations for the Dual Cultivation Ceremony lasted for more than a month. After an auspicious date was chosen, the Transmission Array in Cloud Sea City flickered two or three times in succession. Famous warriors scattered all over the place also came to congratulate them. Just the various precious and rare gifts piled up into a small hill that was two or three meters high.
The entire Cloud Hall also took on a new look.
The three divine runes created by Luo Zheng had almost caused the Cloud Hall's Rune Master, Zong Rui, to lose his place of use. Perhaps even if he exhausted all his efforts, he still wouldn't be able to catch up to Luo Zheng's Great Sect Protecting Array.
However, Zong Rui's talent in the Dao of Runes wasn't bad. By studying Luo Zheng's divine runes in reverse, his attainments in Runes had increased by a lot. In the Central Domain, except for Luo Zheng, there was probably no one better than him. This time, Zong Rui had a place to use his talents.
He ingeniously used runes to decorate the entire Cloud Hall. The power of these runes wasn't strong, but as long as they were replenished with True Origin Stones, they would emit a regular color. Some of the light even projected onto the "Light of Abundant Water" barrier, condensing into flying dragons and phoenixes, vivid and lifelike as they danced on the barrier.
On the training field of the Cloud Hall, warriors from all over the Central Domain stood densely on both sides. Those who were able to stand here were basically the heads of various aristocratic families and sects. For example, the head of the Jade Dragon Sect and so on had personally come today.
Of course, the heads of the Mysterious Yin Mansion, Blood Wood Cliff, Black Mountain Sect, and other fourth-grade sects naturally wouldn't be missing.
When these people first saw Luo Zheng, he was just a junior in the Divine Reflection Realm. However, right under their eyes, Luo Zheng soared into the sky, and no one in the Central Domain could resist him. This time, when these people came to congratulate him, they couldn't help but sigh in their hearts. The little guy they used to look down on had now become the person they looked up to.
＝＝＝＝＝