In one of the side halls of the Cloud Hall, Xi Youqin was holding a kitchen knife in her hand. She was dancing rapidly on the chopping board.
Today was Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng's big day. However, Xi Youqin's face revealed a trace of stupefaction. The kitchen knife, which was made of Gengjin, was extremely sharp. She was cutting deep marks on the ironwood chopping board below …
"Crash …"
Hearing the noise coming from outside, Xi Youqin curled her lips. Some of the vegetables were chopped into pieces by her.
"Ga Gu …"
Ancestral Gragon's small body curled up and whimpered.
Ever since Ancestral Gragon ate Xi Youqin's dishes, it had almost forgotten about Luo Zheng. This foodie had been circling Xi Youqin almost every day.
Perhaps because Xi Youqin's attention was focused on the noise outside, the chopping in her hands slowed down. Ancestral Gragon urged Xi Youqin.
"Wait a little longer." Xi Youqin had a smile on her face. She was completely unaware that the vegetables, which had been chopped into pieces, had now become a vegetable paste …
"Rumble, rumble …"
Above the Cloud Hall, specks of sparkling and translucent light rose into the sky, transforming into multicolored auspicious clouds that drifted away. Through the window, Xi Youqin could clearly see that the kitchen knife in her hand had not stopped. As for the iron wood chopping board below, it had already been chopped into several pieces.
"Ga Gu …" Ancestral Gragon whimpered again.
"Wait a little longer …" Xi Youqin still had a faint smile on her face. However, this smile did not change at all. It was as if a mask was stuck on her face, incomparably stiff.
"Ga Gu …"
"Bang!"
The kitchen knife in Xi Youqin's hand was embedded in the stove. Xi Youqin's soft body trembled slightly. An imposing aura erupted from her body. "Didn't I say to wait a little longer?"
"Gah."
Ancestral Gragon's heart trembled when he saw Xi Youqin on the verge of going berserk. He curled up his small body and buried his head in it …
On the Martial Stage, the dual cultivation ceremony proceeded in an orderly manner. Although a martial artist's dual cultivation ceremony was extremely complex, and any part of it could cost hundreds of years of a mortal family's expenses, there was still a great deal of red tape and red tape.
Luo Zheng stood in the middle of the Martial Arts Practice Field, waiting for the arrival of his bride.
While everyone was waiting, Ning Yudie, dressed in a red dress and surrounded by many well-dressed maids, slowly arrived on a cloud.
Even without makeup, Ning Yudie's appearance was incomparably beautiful, bright, and moving. Not to mention that today was the dual cultivation ceremony. Under such meticulous dressing, every detail was handled perfectly. Just a glance at her would cause one's heart to beat wildly.
The moment Ning Yudie landed, the sound of gongs and drums filled the air, and nine-coloured auspicious clouds fluttered in the air, while the dragon and phoenix projected onto the Light of Abundant Water Barrier danced in the air.
Numerous mortals throughout the city gazed up at the multicolored Cloud Hall in the sky, and all of them revealed envious expressions.
"I heard it's a dual cultivation ceremony held by Immortals! What a grand spectacle! "
"Hmph, what Immortals? It's just a group of martial artists with extremely high cultivations …"
"Aren't you a martial artist as well? When will such a dual cultivation ceremony be held? "
This grand dual cultivation ceremony was spread by word of mouth among the mortals. There were countless versions of it, such as eating a peach of immortality that could extend one's lifespan by ten thousand years, bejeweled nectar that could make one immune to all kinds of diseases, and so on.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to welcome Ning Yudie, many people in the Central Domain heard a laugh. That laughter seemed to come from the horizon and suddenly spread down, causing everyone to be slightly shocked.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed. He didn't know who had come. Today was his big day. It wouldn't be nice to let someone disturb it. That wouldn't be nice.
Whoosh!
Then, a figure flew down from the sky. It was an old man in white clothes!
The strange thing was that this old man actually directly pierced through the Abundant Light Barrier. The originally tough barrier didn't pose any hindrance to this old man!
Even for Luo Zheng, if he wanted to sneak into the Abundant Water Light, he would have to sneak in through the cracks at the bottom. However, the old man was able to casually pass through the Abundant Water Light. Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly at the sight of the old man's ability.
Everyone looked up. As they sized up this old man, their eyes more or less revealed a look of horror.
They couldn't see through this old man's strength at all!
Most of the martial artists present were in the False Tribulation Realm. Among them, there were two or three independent martial artists who were in the Life and Death Realm. Even they couldn't see through this old man's strength. This old man must be above the Divine Sea Realm!
However, Luo Zheng knew best that this old man's strength wasn't as simple as the Ultimate God Realm!
Previously, when Luo Zheng stayed with the seven experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan, he had a rough understanding of the Ultimate God Realm experts' Qi Power. If the cultivation base was one level higher, he could tell. However, if the cultivation base was two levels higher, he couldn't tell. For Luo Zheng, Ultimate God Realm experts and warriors stronger than the Ultimate God Realm, Luo Zheng couldn't see through their cultivation base.
Based on his intuition, Luo Zheng believed that this old man was an existence that surpassed the Ultimate God Realm …
Among the crowd, most people were more nervous, such as the people from the Merchant Union and the Void Spirit Sect. Although the Dual Cultivation Ceremony wasn't held for Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng was the man that Xi Youqin relied on for her whole life. However, at this moment, Xi Xiaojie curled his lips. He knew that his sister was very unhappy right now. She couldn't wait for this old man to come out of nowhere and mess up the Dual Cultivation Ceremony so that Ning Yudie wouldn't have an easy time.
As for some people, such as the Black Mountain Sect and other forces, families that once had conflicts with Luo Zheng had to submit to the Cloud Hall. This time, they were just here to watch the fun. On the surface, they were respectful to Luo Zheng, but in their hearts, they couldn't wait for Luo Zheng to be defeated.
Seeing Luo Zheng's unnatural expression, the old man laughed out loud. "Don't be nervous. Today is your Dual Cultivation Ceremony. This old man is here to join in the fun. What's wrong? Am I not welcome? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng immediately breathed a sigh of relief. The newcomer didn't seem to have any evil intentions. No matter who he was, Luo Zheng could only greet him with a smile. He said loudly, "Since you came from afar, you are a guest. Since Your Excellency is willing to participate in my Dual Cultivation Ceremony, Luo Zheng naturally welcomes you!"
"Boy, you're forthright. I like it very much." The old man didn't beat around the bush. He chuckled and said, "However, I came in a hurry this time and didn't bring any gifts. What should I do?" As he spoke, he frowned.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "A congratulatory gift is just a token of appreciation. We cultivators don't care about material things. Everyone is already giving me, Luo Zheng, face by coming to support me! Your Excellency, please take a seat on the side! "
Many guests nodded. The two maids next to them added a table at the head of the table. These maids didn't know how strong this old man was, but seeing the reactions of the top experts of the Central Domain, how could they not understand? Although this old man's image wasn't good, he was probably an existence far beyond their imagination. Naturally, he was qualified to sit at the head of the table.
Unexpectedly, the old man suddenly shook his head. "No!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. "Why not?"
"This Dual Cultivation Ceremony is a major event in one's life. How can I not prepare a congratulatory gift?" The old man shook his head like a rattle-drum.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of helplessness. He rolled his eyes inwardly. Why did these old men become so clingy when they got older? Would they become like this when he grew old in the future?
However, before Luo Zheng could speak, some of the bolder guests around them began to shout.
"Since you want to prepare a congratulatory gift, quickly take it out!"
"Are you trying to keep us in suspense? Actually, you've already prepared it?"
"Then let everyone see!"
The cultivation of these guests wasn't high. They were only at the early stage of the False Tribulation Realm. However, since today was a big day, no matter how strong this old man was, they shouldn't turn hostile.
The old man chuckled and nodded. "Hehe, how did you know I prepared a congratulatory gift?" After saying this, the old man's figure flashed and appeared in front of Luo Zheng!