The old man's sudden action caused everyone's expression to change greatly!
However, a small group of warriors revealed gloating smiles on their faces. This Luo Zheng had risen like a comet, and for a time, he was in the limelight. In the end, someone was going to deal with him?
Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of fierceness. She stomped her feet, and the pearl crown on her head shook. She was about to rush toward Luo Zheng.
Granny Yu, Daoist Qing Xu, and the three fat alliance leaders also had ugly expressions on their faces …
However, before anyone could react, time suddenly stopped.
In the Heavenly Stellar Holy Land, when hatching the Ancestral Dragon's egg, the Heavenly Immortal Clan accelerated the flow of time by a thousand times! In that barrier, time was like sand between one's fingers, passing at a visible speed. One year inside was equivalent to a thousand years in the outside world.
Now, in the Cloud Hall, time was still a thousand times faster, but it was slowed down by a thousand times!
Everything was moving at one-thousandth of the normal speed. Everyone's movements were countless times slower than a snail's. It was difficult to see them moving with the naked eye.
What was even more frightening was that the speed of time slowed down was also very large. With the Cloud Hall as the center, it spread out for thousands of miles. Time was completely frozen …
The birds stopped flying in the air, and the smoke from the kitchen chimneys solidified into a column of smoke that would not disperse. The ripples on the surface of the lake were also completely maintained in their original state.
Xi Youqin's kitchen knife was still embedded in the stove. Only the Ancestral Dragon was not affected in the slightest.
"Caw, caw!" The Ancestral Dragon whimpered. Its intelligence was only equivalent to that of a human child. Although it was not affected by the flow of time, it found it strange that Xi Youqin was not moving.
Suddenly, out of instinct, it seemed to have felt something. It flew out of the window and headed toward the training field.
The old man smiled, looked at the sky, and sighed. "Time waits for no one. Although your cultivation speed is already very fast, in this lower realm, resources are scarce. In the end, the speed is still a bit slow. This old man will be the main force to help!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Ancestral Dragon flew over.
"Ga Gu, Ga Gu!"
Seeing Luo Zheng lying on the ground with his eyes closed, Ancestral Gragon also cried out anxiously. At the same time, he showed a strong hostility towards this old man.
The old man chuckled and said to Ancestral Gragon, "You little guy …"
He ignored Ancestral Gragon and walked towards Luo Zheng. At the same time, he stretched out a withered hand, and there was a dark green pill in his hand!
As soon as the pill was taken out, it shot towards the sky!
"You want to run away after gaining a little bit of intelligence? Dream on! " The old man gently twisted his hand, and an invisible force pulled the pill down from the sky!
The strange thing was that within the pill, green halos suddenly appeared. Those halos instantly condensed into a green bolt of lightning that could even counterattack the old man.
The old man was really unhappy. He coldly snorted, and then stretched out his hand. The round pill was torn apart, and then it turned into a mass of green clouds that suddenly spread out.
This small pill contained a huge green cloud, and this green cloud floated motionlessly in the sky above the Cloud Cloud Hall.
"Go!" The old man gently exhaled. The huge green cloud began to slowly spiral, and finally turned into a trickle, continuously gathering in Luo Zheng's mouth.
After a while, Luo Zheng completely absorbed the green cloud. Then, the old man walked to his seat, and without asking, poured out a cup of wine from the wine pot. He blinked his eyes, and then the flow of time returned to normal.
Ning Yudie's figure swooped down a step, and then she stabilized her body, but her expression was still somewhat unnatural.
Although the old man had slowed down the flow of time, he had only slowed down the flow of time by a thousand times. He hadn't put it in an absolute state. In fact, it was almost impossible to completely stop time. In the universe, there was a conclusion about the law of time. Any creature who cultivated the law of time could only slow down time indefinitely, but they couldn't achieve a state of complete prohibition!
Therefore, everyone could still see the scene in front of them, and their brains could still think. Everyone also understood that this old man really didn't have any hostility.
But the time law that the old man used in actual combat just now stunned everyone.
In the Central Domain, there were very few warriors who were proficient in the Law of Space, and the difficulty of cultivating the Law of Time was above that of the Law of Space. So far, there had not been a single warrior who was proficient in the Law of Time. Of course, Luo Zheng was an exception. What's more, he had never shown his supernatural power of the Law of Time in front of others!
But this old man, without seeing how he made a move, changed the flow of the Law of Time in the entire Cloud Hall. Everyone felt as if they had been frozen in place. This was an unfathomable method. Although everyone thought that this old man was very strong, they now found that their understanding was still wrong. How was this strong? This was simply too horrifying!
As for the medicinal pill that the old man had just taken out, it was even more incredible. Not to mention the effects of this medicinal pill, this medicinal pill could actually escape and attack the old man at a critical moment. Not to mention the old man's unfathomable strength, just the green lightning released from the medicinal pill was probably enough to kill 99% of the warriors in front of them.
Could this kind of medicinal pill be bad?
What made people feel even more unbalanced was that, looking at Luo Zheng's appearance, he didn't seem to know this old man. They also didn't know where this old man came from. He actually came from thousands of miles away to deliver a congratulatory gift. Some of the warriors who were already feeling unbalanced, as well as those who were gloating, were now so jealous that they wanted to vomit blood.
"Your Excellency, what did you do to Luo Zheng?" Ning Yudie couldn't help but take a step forward and stare at the old man as she asked.
The old man shook his head in a relaxed manner and said casually, "Sending a congratulatory gift!" As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly rolled his eyes and patted his head, "Right, since the groom has a congratulatory gift, the bride must also have a congratulatory gift. But this congratulatory gift is a bit shabby, don't mind it!"
After saying this, he patted his stomach lightly, but his hands were empty. The old man then lowered his head and said to himself, "Don't be greedy. I put these divine weapons here, not for you to use. I won't say anything if you use them. Do you really think they are yours?"
Seeing the old man's crazy appearance, everyone's face revealed an extremely strange expression. What was this old man saying to his stomach? Was he a lunatic?
At this time, Luo Zheng stood up and said with a smile on his face, "Your Excellency's Inner World has already given birth to a powerful warrior who can use divine weapons?"
The old man rolled his eyes, "There is a guy in my Inner World who has already reached the Divine Sea Realm. In my Inner World, he directly occupied a mountain and called himself the Saint Emperor. He even hid the thousands of divine weapons I put in my Inner World. He really thinks they are his own! Damn it, take them out for me! "
After saying this, the old man slightly pointed his finger. Suddenly, a bright golden bracelet appeared out of thin air and floated in the air. The old man laughed, "I came in a hurry, so I didn't prepare anything good. After thinking about it, I only have this bracelet. Although it's a bit rotten and a bit unpresentable, it is still a divine weapon. I'll give it to you!" After saying this, the bracelet floated towards Ning Yudie.
"Divine weapon …"
Everyone's face revealed a look of horror. When they heard the old man's words, some people almost fainted. What did he mean by rotten? Divine weapon or rotten?
Damn it … Some people began to curse in their hearts.
The best treasures in the Central Domain were only middle-grade divine weapons. There were pitifully few divine weapons. As for divine weapons, they might have heard about them in ancient books, but where had they seen them?