Luo Zheng was also shocked. However, Luo Zheng wasn't shocked by the Divine Artifact.
Although divine artifacts were rare and precious, with Luo Zheng's current horizons, they would not shock him too much.
What shocked him was the old man's words!
Only warriors in the Divine Sea Realm could open up a Divine Sea, while warriors in the Extreme God Realm could solidify their True Yuan and create a world. For example, Feng Nianyun had cultivated for a hundred thousand years, but she had only created an island inside her body. As for the living creatures inside, they were still in a very primitive stage.
At this time, the things in the Sumeru Ring were no longer useful. The world in one's body had completely replaced the Sumeru Ring.
The old man had put some treasures in his Dantian. However, according to the old man, there was a Divine Sea Realm warrior in his Inner World. This was incredible!
The Inner World was formed by the solidification of True Essence. Thunder and lightning were drawn into the body to create creatures, and then they slowly multiplied and evolved …
After the creatures in the Inner World gained intelligence, they could use the True Essence in the Inner World to cultivate.
However, the space in the Inner World was limited, and so were the resources. It was probably countless times more limited than the mortal world!
In this environment, the old man could still give birth to a Divine Sea Realm warrior. How big was his Inner World? Just how strong was this old man?
Seeing Luo Zheng looking at him in shock, the old man waved his hand and said to Luo Zheng, "Well, I've given you my gift. Your Dual Cultivation Ceremony is more important. Don't worry about this old man! We can talk later! "
However, Ning Yudie still bowed respectfully. The congratulatory gift was just a token of her sincerity. Although this divine tool was just a "junk" in the mouth of this old man, in Ning Yudie's eyes, it was incomparably precious. It had far exceeded the value of the congratulatory gift. However, this old man had taken it out for Luo Zheng's sake. She had no reason to return it, so she could only accept it.
At this moment, Xi Youqin, dressed in casual clothes, slowly flew over from not far away.
"Youqin."
"Sis!"
Daoist Priest Qing Xu and Xi Xiaojie shouted at the same time when they saw Xi Youqin appear.
Today was the Dual Cultivation Ceremony of Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. The people of Xi Clan weren't very happy, but they couldn't be absent, so they could only brace themselves to come.
This time, they didn't see Xi Youqin appear. Taoist Priest Qingxu and Xi Xiaojie were very worried about Xi Youqin. Presumably, Xi Youqin wouldn't be happy today.
Xi Youqin nodded at Xi Xiaojie and Grandpa Zeng. Her gaze landed on Ning Yudie's face, and she felt a little sour. The reason why she stayed in the kitchen and only cooked was because she didn't want to see this scene. She had already convinced herself not to be jealous of Ning Yudie, but she wasn't an idiot. This kind of emotion could only be controlled and couldn't completely disappear.
How could she not feel bitter when she saw Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie being a perfect match?
It was just that the little guy, Ancestral Gragon, suddenly disappeared just now. She was afraid that she would lose Ancestral Gragon, so she looked all the way here.
"Quack!"
Ancestral Gragon originally rushed over because he felt that Luo Zheng was in danger. Now that he saw that Luo Zheng was unscathed, he suddenly remembered the delicious food he hadn't eaten yet. He called out twice, then turned back and threw himself into Xi Youqin's arms.
This small episode naturally wouldn't disturb the process of the Dual Cultivation Ceremony. Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie continued the ceremony.
However, at this moment, the old man not far away stared at Xi Youqin. He suddenly opened his mouth and said, "Little girl!"
"Hmm?" Xi Youqin looked around curiously, but she didn't know who was calling her.
"Little girl, come here, over here!" The old man was talking to Xi Youqin using his Divine Sense.
Xi Youqin turned around and found out that the man who was talking to her was a sloppy old man. She furrowed her brows, and a strange expression emerged on her face. Originally, Xi Youqin didn't want to talk to this man. With Xi Youqin's Divine Core cultivation base, there was no way she could tell he was a mighty warrior.
Xi Youqin didn't cultivate much, and she didn't have much interest in the martial dao. Even if you put a Life and Death warrior and a Divine Peak warrior in front of her, they would still be the same.
Therefore, with Ancestral Gragon in her arms, Xi Youqin prepared to leave. She didn't want to watch Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie being lovey-dovey. She was a generous person, but she wasn't that generous!
Seeing that Xi Youqin was about to leave, the old man couldn't hold himself back any longer. It seemed like this old man was really good at reading people's expressions. He let out a snort and said, "Little girl, do you like that Luo Zheng, and you're jealous that he married someone else?"
Hearing this, Xi Youqin's expression changed. She fiercely glared at the old man, then she said in an annoyed manner, "What does that have to do with you?"
The old man let out a mischievous laugh, "I just want to enlighten you. Although you're the bride today, you're the one who will spend countless years with Luo Zheng in the future!"
A strange expression immediately appeared on Xi Youqin's face. What did he mean by that?
Although Xi Youqin didn't understand, she still walked towards the old man. A maid brought a chair over, and Xi Youqin sat beside the old man.
Everyone's face revealed a curious expression. Even Luo Zheng's attention was somewhat distracted. Ning Yudie, who was concentrating on holding Luo Zheng's hand, sent a stream of Zhenyuan from her fingertips. That stream of Zhenyuan was transmitted from her fingertips to Luo Zheng's hand. Seeing Ning Yudie's angry gaze, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly trembled. He could only reveal a trace of apology.
After all, it was Ning Yudie's big day. If he focused his attention on Xi Youqin, it would be strange if Ning Yudie didn't get angry.
"Old grandpa, what do you mean by that?" Xi Youqin asked curiously. Because the old man mentioned Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin's tone eased a lot. A gentle smile also appeared on her elegant and clean face.
The old man let out another mischievous laugh, "Nothing. I just want to ask you, you have the Extreme Purple Yin Body, right?"
Xi Youqin nodded.
"The Black Purple Body is the First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. Hehe, don't you know what it means?" the old man asked again.
Xi Youqin shook her head. Her face was a little stupefied. She wasn't very interested in martial arts. Diligent cultivation couldn't even compare to learning a new cooking skill …
Her ambition was very small. Now, she just wanted to stay by Luo Zheng's side. Although she knew that she had the Black Purple Body, she didn't know how strong it was or what it could do.
In fact, it wasn't difficult for Xi Youqin to find out. The Extreme Purple Realm was a very special realm. There were also countless powerful people in it. As long as she was willing to walk around in the Extreme Purple Realm, she could easily find many super powerful people to help her.
It should be known that the Black Purple Body was an existence that could control the Extreme Purple Realm. It was also extremely rare in the universe.
The problem was that after Xi Youqin opened up the Extreme Purple Yin Body, other than borrowing many giant swords from it several times, and temporarily dragging Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie into the Extreme Purple Realm to hide outside Tianqi City, she had never used the ability of the Extreme Purple Yin Body at any other time. She had never entered the Extreme Purple Realm at all.
"No wonder, no wonder the old woman didn't find you." The old man shook his head and then asked, "Do you want to become very strong? How about I find you a master? "
Xi Youqin looked at the old man strangely. This guy was getting further and further away from the topic. She was willing to sit here obediently only because the old man said that she could accompany Luo Zheng for countless years. Now, he was suddenly talking about becoming strong and a master? What was going on?
Therefore, Xi Youqin's attitude became perfunctory. "Not interested."
"Not interested? Do you know what this means? It will make you a top existence in the universe who can look down on everything! " The old man didn't know that he had grasped the main point with his previous sentence, but now he had grasped the wrong point again …
"So what if I can look down on everything? Is it fun? " Xi Youqin felt more and more that the old man was teasing her. Therefore, she got up and was about to leave with Ancestral Gragon in her arms.
Seeing Xi Youqin's actions, the old man's brain spun and he found the crux of the matter. This little girl was completely uninterested in martial arts. It didn't matter. He naturally had a reason to persuade her!
(One more chapter. For the sake of staying up late to make up for the chapters, I beg for votes at the beginning of next month ^ _ ^! I've been a little slow in writing these days. Please forgive me. Back then, I could write two chapters in an hour! But now, I really don't dare to write too fast. Sometimes, I hesitate for a long time … Please forgive me! Please forgive me! ^ _ ^ I'll start posting chapters this afternoon. Let's see how many chapters I can produce. Thank you for your continued support.)
＝＝＝＝＝