"Don't go, little girl. Listen to this old man for a moment!" The old man hurriedly said. This was his miscalculation. He never thought that there would be such a strange junior in this world who treated martial arts like dirt.
But then again, everyone had their own ambitions. He had seen all kinds of strange fellows in the Demi-Immortal Clan. Since this girl was interested in Luo Zheng, he could only use Luo Zheng as bait.
Seeing the old man's expression, Xi Youqin suppressed her temper and returned to her seat. She asked with a cold expression, "What's wrong now?"
The old man chuckled. "Although you won't be the bride in today's dual cultivation ceremony, I can guarantee that you will stay by Luo Zheng's side for the longest time in the future."
"What do you mean?" Xi Youqin blinked and asked.
The old man shook his head, then glanced at Ning Yudie and said, "The bride's talent is not bad. She might be a top-notch existence in the Lower Realm, but in the Upper Realm, she's not worth mentioning."
Ning Yudie's talent might be similar to Huo Yuner's or Liu Yu's, but at most, her name could only be placed in the second row of the Talent Monument. This level of talent was only just enough to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan. In the old man's eyes, it was far from amazing.
"What does this have to do with me?" Xi Youqin said with a blank expression. This old man was beating around the bush, and Xi Youqin didn't know what he was trying to say.
The old man chuckled again. "It has a lot to do with you. Think about it. What kind of person is this Luo Zheng? How can such a person be limited to a small Central Domain? "
Xi Youqin glared at the old man. "What do you mean limited to a small Central Domain? The Central Domain is vast and has abundant resources. Does Luo Zheng need to go there? "
In Xi Youqin's eyes, the Central Domain was the entire world. Perhaps she vaguely knew that there was a Divine Kingdom Continent not far from the Central Domain. Perhaps she also knew that the world was divided into many levels, but what did this have to do with her?
In her opinion, there was nothing bad about the Central Domain. With Luo Zheng's current strength, there was no longer any threat in the Central Domain. Being able to live peacefully in this paradise was the greatest happiness. This was not to say that Xi Youqin was short-sighted, but she was not interested in anything else.
For example, after awakening the Purple Extreme Yin Body, Xi Youqin had vaguely known that her body was very special..... but she had never thought she would become stronger..............
Hearing Xi Youqin's answer, the old man could not help but roll his eyes. How could the Central Domain be called vast and abundant in resources? To this old man, the entire Central Domain was a distance that could be crossed in a few steps. The area was not even as big as one of his courtyards, nor was it as big as his inner world …
As for resources, they were even more lacking. Look at this group of poor bastards. When they saw his Divine Weapon, their eyes all lit up like hungry ghosts that had been starved for a hundred years. They were too useless. Divine weapons were also good things for False Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Upper Realm. However, in the eyes of the False Tribulation Realm martial artists in the Upper Realm, it was not rare to this extent.
Therefore, the old man could not bear to use the word "remote" to describe the Central Domain. This was because this place was not qualified to be called a remote place!
Of course, Xi Youqin had a strange temperament, so the old man would not say such words. He just laughed and continued, "The Central Domain is vast and abundant in resources in your eyes. However, with Luo Zheng's talent and the Revelation Pill that I gave him, Luo Zheng's cultivation speed will increase by leaps and bounds. When Luo Zheng breaks through the Spirit Sea Realm, he will be rejected by the Greater Thousand World and will have to ascend to the Upper Realm …" In fact, there was also the problem of repairing the Ascension Passage in order to ascend to the Upper Realm. However, the old man knew that Xi Youqin was not interested in this. She might not even know about the Ascension Passage at all. Therefore, he simply did not mention it.
However, he did not expect that Xi Youqin's face would reveal an angry expression. Instead, she blamed him and said, "Old man, you're not doing a good thing!"
The old man was speechless. He had given Luo Zheng a Revelation Pill, and it was called not doing a good thing. Instead, he had become a bad person? Therefore, he stared at Xi Youqin with a very funny expression for a long time. Finally, he said, "Even if I don't give him the pill, he will still ascend."
"And then?" Xi Youqin continued to ask.
The old man continued, "This is the problem. With your first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, your cultivation speed will not be slower than his. In the future, when he gallops in the Upper Realm, the bride will definitely not be able to ascend in a short time. Unless Luo Zheng makes a name for himself and comes back to pick her up. Otherwise, with her own strength, it will take at least one or two hundred years for her to ascend, right?"
"And then?" Xi Youqin asked again.
The old man rolled his eyes again. "Isn't this very obvious? You can also ascend in advance. With your physique, you can completely catch up with Luo Zheng's footsteps and provide him with great help. Won't you be able to stay by his side? Alas, as for his bride, I'm afraid she will have to stay alone in an empty room for a hundred years! "
Hearing the old man's sigh and what he meant by staying alone in an empty room for a hundred years, Xi Youqin's eyes suddenly lit up. "I see!"
"That's right." The old man chuckled. "So, I'll find you a master. You can enter the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate. When your cultivation reaches a certain level in the future, you can be together with Luo Zheng in the Upper Realm!" After saying that, he intentionally threw a disdainful glance at Ning Yudie, then he continued, "Don't think that she's better off than you right now. The one who laughs last is the one who laughs the brightest, isn't that right?"
Xi Youqin's eyes were completely lit up. She had never pursued the path of cultivation, and she had relied on all sorts of pills to reach the Divine Core realm. Without the help of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, her overall strength was weaker than many Divine Reflection Realm warriors.
But, a person's heart could change, especially when the old man had given her a beautiful vision!
For Luo Zheng, she could endure Ning Yudie, and she could maintain a smile on her face during the dual cultivation ceremony between Luo Zheng and another girl. However, it was extremely difficult for her to maintain her smile, and now that she had another path to take, she would never give it up.
"En, I understand now." Xi Youqin tilted her head and asked, "You said you'll find me a master, don't tell me it's you?"
The old man shook his head like a rattle-drum. "Of course it's not me, it's that old woman in my family!"
99% of the warriors who possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body were females, and only a few were exceptions. Therefore, this old man naturally wouldn't teach Xi Youqin anything.
"But … where is she?" Xi Youqin asked curiously.
The old man stretched out his withered hand and said to Xi Youqin, "Give me your hand!"
Xi Youqin had a strange expression on her face, but she still stretched out her right hand.
"Open your hand." The old man ordered again.
Xi Youqin obediently opened up her fair palm in front of the old man.
After that, a blood red cross appeared above the old man's finger. The Divine Rune contained within this cross was similar to the Positioning Talisman used by the Heavenly Clan. However, this blood red cross was many times smaller.
"Whoosh!"
As soon as this blood red cross appeared, it disappeared into Xi Youqin's palm. This dark red cross was very eye-catching in her fair and delicate palm.
Xi Youqin raised her hand and looked at the rune. She still looked worried. "What is this?"
The old man said, "It's just a Positioning Talisman. The next time you enter the Extreme Purple Realm, my old woman will be able to find you!"
"The next time I enter the Extreme Purple Realm … But I don't plan to go in," Xi Youqin said truthfully. Unless someone wanted to kill Xi Youqin, she wouldn't hide in there out of boredom.
The old man's eyes widened. "How much do you hate cultivation? No, you have to go in there when you have the time. As long as you go in, my old woman will be able to find you! Little girl, if you want a lifetime of happiness in the future, you have to work hard to fight for it! " After saying that, he pursed his lips toward the martial arts arena. At this time, many guests were already in a mess. Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's faces were filled with happy smiles.