The old man couldn't help but touch his forehead and sigh in his heart. What was wrong with this world?
His old woman was a super powerful figure in the Purple Extreme Realm, one of the rulers. Countless warriors in the world cried and knelt down, begging to be her disciple. However, he had to waste so much effort to persuade this little girl to be his disciple. In the end, it was done!
As for Luo Zheng, there were some things that he couldn't say today, so he could only wait.
The Dual Cultivation Ceremony lasted for several hours. When the sun set and the Cloud Hall welcomed the guests, the hustle and bustle gradually subsided.
The new bedsheets were made of soft black gold silk and silk from brown silkworms. They were as soft as the clouds in the sky, as if there was nothing there. Ning Yudie, who was sitting upright on the bed, was as stiff as a popsicle.
A girl from an ordinary family would be married off at the age of fourteen or fifteen. Although Ning Yudie's age was still considered a rising sun among cultivators, compared to the children of ordinary mortals, she was already considered a big girl.
Ning Yudie had kept her chastity until now. Naturally, she couldn't help but feel nervous and uncomfortable, and even a little scared. This was human nature.
In addition to her nervousness, Ning Yudie couldn't help but find some topics to talk about. She lowered her voice and asked, "That old man today, who is he?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and shook his head. "I'm not sure!"
The old man didn't reveal his identity and was still in the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng guessed that the old man was so powerful that he was likely to be a powerful figure invited by the Demi-Immortal Clan. Of course, it was also possible that he was from the Human Clan. That White Brow Taoist wasn't easy to deal with, so he would definitely report this matter to the Upper Realm …
"If you're not sure, why did you eat other people's pills?" Ning Yudie's face showed a trace of blame, but there was also a hint of playfulness in her expression, which made her look very cute.
Seeing Ning Yudie's expression, Luo Zheng took the opportunity to sit down and helplessly said, "It's not like you didn't see it. That old man forced it on me …"
But then again, although he didn't know what the pill was for, Luo Zheng hadn't had any reaction after absorbing it. It seemed that the pill hadn't taken effect yet. The effects of many medicinal pills were immediate, but he did not know what effect that medicinal pill had.
"Do you feel any discomfort?" Ning Yudie turned her small face over and asked.
Luo Zheng snickered and hugged Ning Yudie in his arms. "No matter what discomfort you feel, it'll be no problem to deal with tonight …"
After he finished speaking, he pressed his lips against Ning Yudie's.
"You!" Ning Yudie originally wanted to struggle, but a burst of masculine breath assaulted her, causing her to panic. Moreover, she really didn't have any reason to struggle tonight, so she simply made up her mind and curled up like an obedient lamb.
Her curling up was due to a trace of fear. How could Luo Zheng let her have her way? The key point was that he was no longer a "virgin." Although he wasn't very experienced, compared to Ning Yudie, it was naturally like heaven and earth.
Under Luo Zheng's gentle caresses, Ning Yudie's fear gradually faded. However, at this moment, she was both resisting and embarrassed by her resistance. Under this kind of contradictory state of mind, her pair of beautiful eyes were like spring water, about to drip out …
In the end, he reached out and grabbed Ning Yudie's slender and white calf. After gently pushing it aside, he pressed his whole body down.
Wax illuminated half a cage of golden jadeite, musk slightly embroidered hibiscus …
This night's scenery was undoubtedly infinitely good for Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie. However, for Xi Youqin, this kind of feeling was hard to describe.
Under the immersion of the night, through the barrier formed by the Abundant Light, looking at the layers of clouds, one could only vaguely make out a trace of light. That was the last quarter moon.
"Ga Gu." This Ancestral Dragon's energy was very good, and it rarely slept. It was unaware that Xi Youqin was unhappy, so it didn't dare to be too active. It just quietly guarded by Xi Youqin's side.
They sat like this for a long time. Under the cold wind, she rubbed her shoulders and suddenly said to the Ancestral Dragon, "It's not fun here. I'll take you to a fun place, okay?"
"Ga Gu!" The Ancestral Dragon didn't have the slightest resistance. The Ancestral Dragon's intimacy with Luo Zheng came entirely from the first impression, which came from biological instincts. However, under the careful care of Xi Youqin these days, the Ancestral Dragon became closer to Luo Zheng, who was somewhat distant.
"Then let's go!" Xi Youqin stood up and clapped her hands at the Ancestral Dragon. The Ancestral Dragon's tail suddenly flicked and shot into Xi Youqin's arms.
Immediately, a purple aura coiled out of Xi Youqin's body, and a black-purple light coiled in her eyes. Then, her figure quietly disappeared and entered a space node. Through this space node, she could easily step into the Extreme Purple Realm.
The old man had said that if she entered the Extreme Purple Realm, she would be found by his wife. Now, she wanted to go in and have a look.
In the Extreme Purple Realm, there was dazzling purple light everywhere. This realm was not complete. In fact, it was a broken realm …
Of course, the width and breadth of a realm were far beyond that of the Lower Realms. Even if the Extreme Purple Realm was only a quarter of its original size, it was still countless times larger than the Vast Thousand World.
"Ga Gu! Ga Gu! "
However, after the Ancestral Dragon entered the Extreme Purple Realm, he seemed very cheerful. He circled around in this vast and boundless space, constantly making lively cries.
Although the surroundings were empty, Xi Youqin was not the slightest bit afraid. On the contrary, the Extreme Purple Realm gave her a sense of security, as if this place belonged to her and belonged to her home. She had a very mysterious connection with the Extreme Purple Realm.
"Didn't you say that someone would take me as a disciple? The old man lied … "Xi Youqin curled her lips, looking a little unhappy.
Although she did not want to practice martial arts, Luo Zheng was an exception. In Xi Youqin's mind, an image had already appeared. It was when Luo Zheng was commanding the world, and she was standing proudly by Luo Zheng's side. How could she not be happy to help her husband?
Thinking of this, she even felt a sense of urgency and wanted to practice quickly.
"Humph, when the time comes, I will be countless times stronger than you." She was thinking about this problem fiercely. An imaginary enemy appeared in front of her. Of course, it was Ning Yudie, wrapped in red.
"Practice, I want to practice too!"
"Even if my" master "does not appear, I can still practice. A resolute look appeared in Xi Youqin's eyes. This look was extremely incompatible with Xi Youqin's. Only warriors who were extremely obsessed with martial arts would show this look. However, Xi Youqin had just changed her target. She was not obsessed with martial arts, but with Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh …"
She gently waved her hand, and a giant sword descended from the deep sky.
"One …"
"Whoosh …"
"Two …"
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Countless giant swords descended from the deep sky of the Extreme Purple Realm.
The 999 giant swords of the Extreme Purple Realm were arranged in a certain pattern, densely packed in the deep sky. Usually, when Xi Youqin casually summoned them, the giant swords would slowly disappear and return to their original positions after slashing.
But now, it was different. She was in the Extreme Purple Realm, and when she summoned the giant swords, they all left their original positions …
These giant swords were controlled by people from different heavens in the Extreme Purple Realm.
Above the South Horizon Region, a large, jeweled ship was sailing in the sky. At the front of the ship stood a woman in a purple robe. The woman looked to be only 30 years old, with a proud figure and a charming face.
As she cruised around, she saw the giant swords in the South Horizon Region sinking rapidly!
"What's going on?" Seeing this scene, the woman immediately frowned.