The problem was that these giant swords were not being requisitioned, but were being pulled down from the South Horizon Region one by one. This naturally attracted the purple-robed woman's attention.
"Could it be that someone is practicing the Myriad Red Sword Array?" The purple-robed woman wondered curiously.
The Myriad Red Sword Array was a sword array that was passed down in the Extreme Purple Realm. When practicing it, it required 11,000 giant swords!
But soon, the purple-robed woman immediately denied her speculation because the number of giant swords being pulled down from the deep sky was increasing!
At first, it was only one or two, then dozens, then hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands …
Then, the number of giant swords in the sky above the South Horizon Region began to decrease rapidly in units of 100,000!
"There are so many giant swords. Are they being pulled down to be eaten?" The purple-robed woman's expression changed greatly.
Although there were many giant swords in the Extreme Purple Realm, there were also many warriors with the Extreme Purple Yin Body in the entire universe. Countless giant swords were loaned out every day.
However, after the giant swords were swung, they would be returned immediately. It was normal for these giant swords to be loaned out and returned continuously.
There were very few people who would lend out 99.9 billion giant swords in one go. To borrow such a large number of giant swords, one had to have a first-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body, which meant that only warriors of the Black Purple Grade were qualified to do so. However, such people were either extremely powerful and had no use for these giant swords under normal circumstances. Although these giant swords were enough to destroy a Great Thousand World, they were not much of a threat to the experts in it. Therefore, the giant swords were only a form of deterrence to the experts!
For example, when two experts confronted each other, one might not be able to defeat the other, but one could summon a large number of giant swords and wipe out the other's disciples and grand-disciples. Would the other be afraid?
Of course, this situation was very rare. A year ago, there was a large number of giant swords being loaned out in the South Horizon Region. Although it was not clear who loaned them out, the large number of giant swords loaned out at that time had already attracted the attention of the super experts in the Extreme Purple Realm.
Under such circumstances, generally, some high-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body had been born. It was at least a third-grade Deep Purple or second-grade Pure Purple Body!
Even so, they had sent many people to search the Extreme Purple Yin Body in the Extreme Purple Realm to find this person …
However, after searching the entire Extreme Purple Realm, they still could not find any trace of this person. For a time, the super experts in the Extreme Purple Realm were very puzzled.
After the awakening of the Extreme Purple Yin Body, it was almost an instinctive sense of belonging to the Extreme Purple Yin Body. Obviously, the woman who awakened did not stay in the Extreme Purple Realm for long. This Extreme Purple Yin Body was a very unusual thing, but there was no result. In the end, it was left unsettled by the space node. If the woman did not appear, she would be found. It was almost impossible to find her through the space node.
"It can't be that guy from a year ago, right?" The purple-robed woman guessed.
Generally speaking, the warriors in the Extreme Purple Realm knew the rules. Unless they wanted to borrow the giant swords to practice the sword array, they would not be so bored as to pull the giant swords down. However, the woman had pulled down hundreds of thousands of giant swords. A warrior who could effortlessly control these giant swords must have a high-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. Unfortunately, she did not know the rules. The purple-robed woman easily thought of the incident where a large number of giant swords were borrowed a year ago.
Thinking of this, the purple-robed woman gently stomped her feet. The big ship turned around and swooped down.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
She controlled the ship to descend, and the giant swords in the sky above the Heaven Domain were still being pulled down. Some of the giant swords' trajectories inevitably overlapped with her ship, so the purple-robed woman had to control the ship to avoid the giant swords that were descending.
"This guy!" The purple-robed woman dodged the giant swords, and there was a trace of anger in her heart. She said she did not know the rules. She really did not know the rules. What was she trying to do by pulling all the giant swords down? She was not really going to eat them, right? It would be a huge project to return hundreds of thousands of giant swords to their original positions!
Following the trajectory of the giant swords, the big ship began to dive down rapidly!
Then, the purple-robed woman standing at the bow of the ship revealed a look of shock …
There were hundreds of thousands of giant swords gathered below! Obviously, this person had not only pulled down the giant swords from the South Horizon Domain, but also from the North Horizon Domain, West Horizon Domain, and East Horizon Domain!
Millions of giant swords slowly circled in the sky, forming a vast sword river. It was a magnificent sight!
"This …"
It was not difficult for the Extreme Purple Yin Body to borrow a giant sword from other realms. The whole process was very simple. Once the sword was lent, it would slash down with inertia, and then disappear. There were only three steps in total. The person with the Extreme Purple Yin Body only needed to complete the first step and did not need to worry about the rest.
However, the giant swords in the sword river were all under the control of one person. They slowly flowed. Every giant sword that flowed to the end of the "sword river" had to change direction, and like nimble fish, they merged back into the sword river.
What was even more terrifying was that these giant swords did not make the slightest sound as they flowed. What did this mean? This meant that this person was controlling hundreds of thousands of giant swords, but he did not make any two giant swords collide.
The scene before them was not only terrifying, but also strange. How strong did one's control have to be to be able to achieve this?
Xi Youqin rolled up the sleeves of her casual clothes, revealing two white wrists. She constantly waved her hands towards the sky, and her slender fingers trembled slightly.
She did not know how she should cultivate. On one hand, she controlled these giant swords out of instinct, and on the other hand, it was purely out of boredom …
She waved her hands towards the sky, and with a faint smile on her face, she said to the Ancestral Gragon, "Is it nice? Little guy! "
"Caw, caw!" The Ancestral Gragon looked at the sword river in the sky, and his little tail suddenly wagged.
Hearing the Ancestral Gragon's cry, Xi Youqin smiled. "Then let's do it again!" After saying that, Xi Youqin suddenly stopped waving her hands, and instead, she straightened all ten swords!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
At the same time, all the giant swords were straightened neatly.
"Turn!"
"Whoosh!"
Hundreds of thousands of giant swords, this time, formed a circular vortex, and began to rotate slowly!
Seeing the transformation of these giant swords, the purple-robed woman standing on the big ship was stunned …
The Myriad of Colors Sword Formation was an extremely powerful sword formation in the universe.
A beginner could control 11,000 giant swords!
However, after successfully cultivating it, one could only control 110,000 giant swords with ease. Of course, the giant swords in the Extreme Purple Realm were not of high grades. For warriors in the Extreme Divine Realm, if they were rich enough, they could forge 110,000 low-grade divine weapons …
However, there were many mighty warriors in the Extreme Purple Realm who could control 1.1 million giant swords at the same time, and all of them were made from high-grade saint weapons!
As for some super mighty warriors, they could control 11 million giant swords … Of course, in the eyes of these super mighty warriors, although divine weapons weren't that valuable, they wouldn't go looking for 11 million giant swords. Therefore, they could only integrate a small amount of divine weapons into this sword formation.
Right now, this young man was able to control millions of giant swords with ease!
The most frightening thing was that the sword formation operated according to a certain pattern, and through constant practice, it was a process that went from being unfamiliar to being familiar with. But now, these giant swords weren't arranged in the same way, they were arranged in different shapes.
"Swoosh …"
The purple-robed woman adjusted the angle of the big ship, allowing it to go past the countless giant swords. Then, she saw a girl wearing white casual clothes, who had a big smile on her face as she wantonly controlled the giant swords.
"Just as I thought, she's just playing around …" The purple-robed woman suddenly felt a sense of injustice. "She's just a little Divine Core brat, why?!"
The jealousy between women was very strong. In the Upper Realm, a Divine Core warrior was just like a newborn baby, and they couldn't be considered to have stepped onto the path of cultivation. But, this girl in front of her was just a Divine Core warrior!
＝＝＝＝＝