Although she was jealous, the purple-robed woman still had a clear mind. Putting aside this woman's insane control, as she was able to control millions of huge swords at will, this woman's Extreme Purple Yin Body must be of a high grade!
With this thought in mind, the purple-robed woman controlled the ship to slowly descend.
Xi Youqin was having fun. Suddenly, her eyes lit up, and she pulled out all the huge swords from the slowly rotating whirlpool. She then stacked the swords together, slowly forming strokes. Slowly, they formed a quatrain in the sky …
"The long night is cold, the green curtain is low, the pipa doesn't sound sad for anyone."
Looking at the quatrain in the sky, Xi Youqin's eyes revealed a lonely expression. Although she was having fun, she still couldn't get rid of the loneliness in her heart.
The purple-robed woman had already left the ship. She raised her head and understood the meaning of the quatrain, then a sneer emerged on her face. "You're still a resentful woman …"
The purple-robed woman had already thought of her opening speech. She clicked her tongue twice and said, "With your talent, when you succeed in your cultivation in the future, wouldn't you be able to choose from all the outstanding men in this world? Wouldn't you be able to choose from them? Why do you have to pretend to be so miserable? "
Xi Youqin turned her head around. She was too focused just now, so she didn't notice the ship and the purple-robed woman. She gave the purple-robed woman a glance, then said, "No matter how outstanding a man is, he can't be compared to him."
"Can't be compared to him? I don't believe that. "A disdainful expression emerged on the purple-robed woman's face. In her mind, this woman was only a Divine Core warrior, and she knew nothing about the Extreme Purple Realm. Under such circumstances, she must have been born in some lower realm. How outstanding could a cultivator from a lower realm be?
Besides, this woman was a Divine Core warrior, and the man she missed couldn't be that strong either. At most, he was only a False Tribulation warrior. At most, he was a Life and Death warrior, just a small fry. This was the bad thing about female cultivators from the lower realm. Their vision was too narrow, and they didn't know that there were many outstanding men in this universe …
Xi Youqin didn't want to talk about this topic, but she suddenly shouted, "Are you my master?"
She was told by the old man that as long as she entered the Extreme Purple Realm, her "master" would come and find her. Therefore, the purple-robed woman in front of her was naturally her master …
When the purple-robed woman heard her calling her master, she was startled, and an embarrassed expression emerged on her face.
To be honest, the purple-robed woman was a Divine Core warrior's master, and she was more than qualified to be a Divine Core warrior's master.
The problem was that the purple-robed woman had long seen that Xi Youqin was extraordinary. If she really rashly accepted Xi Youqin as her disciple, she would probably be driven out of the Extreme Purple Realm by her master!
But to her master's master's master, her master's master's master, master's's master.
When she thought of this, the purple-robed woman suppressed the jealousy in her heart, and a courteous smile emerged on her face. "You want to be my disciple?"
Xi Youqin responded with an "en". Although she wanted to cultivate, she didn't know how. She did learn a few cultivation techniques from the Void Spirit Sect when she was in the Xi family, but they were incompatible with her Extreme Purple Yin Body, and she couldn't use them.
If she had a master, she would be more than willing. When she thought about how she could help Luo Zheng in the future, and even give him a big surprise, Xi Youqin's heart was filled with warmth.
The purple-robed woman smiled, "With your condition, of course you're qualified to be my disciple. Wait a moment, my master … will be here soon!"
Recommending this woman to her master would definitely be a great achievement. Of course, she wouldn't let Xi Youqin get away!
But she wasn't the only one in the Extreme Purple Realm. This little girl had drawn out millions of huge swords, and she wasn't the only one who was alarmed. She had to make the first move.
So, the purple-robed woman hurriedly took out a Sound Transmitting Charm and burned it. The Sound Transmitting Charm she used was naturally much more powerful than the Sound Transmitting Charms in the Lower Realm. It could even transmit across the entire Great Realm.
Since the woman said that her master would be here soon, Xi Youqin didn't take it to heart. Except for her emotional intelligence, Xi Youqin was very weak in other aspects. Or rather, she was too lazy to think so much. She picked up the Ancestral Gragon and continued to manipulate the millions of huge swords, forming one big word after another in the air. It read, "The ruler's heart is uncertain like the bright moon, only then it turns east and west."
While waiting for her master to arrive, the purple-robed woman also looked at Xi Youqin's words. Such a bitter and self-pitying poem made the purple-robed woman speechless. She was even a little curious. Wasn't it just a man? Was it necessary?
The purple-robed woman said, "My master is a super almighty in the Extreme Purple Realm. If you're lucky enough to be her disciple, you have to focus on cultivation. As for this man, don't think about it anymore."
Unexpectedly, Xi Youqin suddenly turned her head. She blinked her eyes, but there was a trace of a smile on her face, "If I don't want to, I'd rather not cultivate."
The purple-robed woman immediately frowned, and then said, "If you're my master's disciple, I'll be your senior sister in the future. Don't blame me for not reminding you. My master is very resourceful, and there are very few people in the world who are qualified to be her disciple. You have to seize the opportunity. When your strength improves, you can choose any young talent in the world! You have to know that you have to suffer first before you get the sweetness. "
Xi Youqin giggled, "I cultivate for him. If you tell me not to think about it, then I naturally won't cultivate. Do you understand?"
"Oh …" The purple-robed woman was stunned by Xi Youqin's logic. What kind of logic was this? How could she cultivate for others? After thinking for a while, she said, "Cultivating martial arts requires you to strengthen your heart. Only then can you break through your mental barriers and reach the peak. Naturally, you have to focus on yourself. How can you cultivate for others?"
"But I'm cultivating for others. What's wrong with that?" Xi Youqin tilted her head and said suspiciously.
The purple-robed woman was speechless. Forget it, she would leave this little girl to her master. There was no need for her to get involved. Communicating with her was too tiring.
After a while, rays of purple light continued to condense, and a person slowly appeared on the big ship.
The purple-robed woman turned her head and a respectful expression appeared on her face. Then, she knelt on the ground and said, "Disciple greets master!"
The person on the ship was wearing a light purple robe. Judging from her appearance, she was a beautiful woman in her thirties or forties. After she appeared, her eyes were fixed on Xi Youqin. At the same time, she glanced at the giant swords floating in the air. Her face revealed a look of astonishment.
Just now, this beautiful woman's disciple had told her that a woman with a high-grade Extreme Purple Yin Body had been found in the Extreme Purple Realm. It was at least a third-grade Deep Purple Body! This beautiful woman had hurriedly rushed over from the Myriad Purple Jade Tower!
The number of Extreme Violet Yin Physiques in the universe was not small, but most of them were either light purple or green purple! They were either sixth-grade or fifth-grade. As for fourth-grade Deep Purple Bodies, they were extremely rare. Any woman with a fourth-grade Deep Purple Body was qualified to join the Myriad Purple Jade Tower unconditionally!
So when she heard that her disciple had a Deep Purple Body, how could she not be anxious? That was a third-grade Deep Purple Body.
However, when she saw her, she was shocked. The little girl in front of her was not a third-grade Deep Purple Body, nor was she a second-grade Deep Purple Body. She was a first-grade Deep Purple Body. How could a first-grade Deep Purple Body appear? This … The beautiful woman could not figure it out.
"Mas … master?" The purple-robed woman knelt on the ground and called out softly.
After realizing that she had lost her composure, the beautiful woman said to the purple-robed woman, "Hong Yue, please rise."
After speaking, the beautiful woman walked gently toward Xi Youqin. Hong Yue stepped forward and held her master's hand. When the two of them reached Xi Youqin, the beautiful woman asked, "What is your name?"
After realizing that this was her master, Xi Youqin bowed slightly. "My surname is Xi, and my name is Youqin."
"Xi Youqin?" The beautiful woman asked.
Xi Youqin quickly nodded. "Yes!"