The Ten Thousand Purple Jade Tower was famous in the universe, but Xi Youqin couldn't understand why he would say such a thing to her.
Since she had to join the Myriad Purple Jade Tower as a disciple, she did not care. She smiled and said to the beautiful woman, "Yes! No problem! "
At this moment, the beautiful woman raised her head and glanced at the large words that were pieced together by the huge swords, forming a seven-word poem of a resentful woman.
Thus, the beautiful woman frowned and said, "The cultivation method of my Ten Thousand Purple Jade Tower emphasizes on a pure heart and few desires. If you have any mortal bonds that you have not yet severed, you must sever them one by one. Don't have any other thoughts."
"Ah …" Xi Youqin blinked. Why was it different from what the old man said? However, she still shook her head firmly. "Impossible. I'd rather not join the Myriad Purple Jade Tower than be your disciple!"
The beautiful woman did not expect the little girl to change her mind so quickly.
However, Xi Youqin had a First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. How could she let her go?
The beautiful woman sneered. "You're still young and ignorant. How can I allow you to do as you wish?"
No matter who the beautiful woman was, Xi Youqin did not give her any face. "I'm not joining! What can you do to me? "
The woman called Hong Yue saw that her master's expression was not good and quickly persuaded her. "Miss Youqin, master is doing this for your own good. I think you should …"
Xi Youqin's expression darkened. She did not know that there was such a rule when it came to becoming a disciple. At this moment, she did not say anything and turned to leave.
However, just as she was about to turn around, she felt as if her body was stuck in mud. She could not move a single step.
"Ga Gu!" The Ancestral Dragon was not affected at all. It leaped onto Xi Youqin's shoulder and roared at the beautiful woman.
"Eh, this little dragon … is actually not affected?" The beautiful woman's face also revealed a trace of surprise.
In fact, the Ancestral Dragon could break free from most of the Origin Source Laws. Even the high-level Space and Time Laws had no effect on it.
"Let me go!" Xi Youqin wanted to leave the node and return to the Great Thousand World. Since she could not move, she waved her hand and all the giant swords in the sky came crashing down.
The beautiful lady let out a faint smile. She gently waved her hand as well, causing all the huge swords to leave Xi Youqin's control and return to their original positions. "You're only a Divine Core warrior, but you're able to control millions of huge swords. Your talent is indeed amazing, but if you think those huge swords can hurt me, then you're dreaming! You're still young, but you're still a little stubborn. I won't care about this. You'd better obediently follow me to the Myriad Purple Jade Tower! Master will treat you well. When you have a good education, Master will definitely help you choose the most outstanding genius in the universe … "
"You're not my master, who wants you to help me choose?" Xi Youqin scolded with a cold voice.
The beautiful lady didn't get angry, she still had a smile on her face. Hong Yue was stunned by what she saw. She knew her master had a bad temper, but she didn't get angry even after being scolded by this little girl. She could imagine how much her master valued this Xi Youqin …
Too bad, she didn't know what was good for her, and she was asking for trouble. Hong Yue sighed in her mind.
When the beautiful lady walked in front of Xi Youqin, she glanced at Xi Youqin with an indifferent expression, then said with the same kind voice, "If you don't want to go to the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, then I'll just kill that man and stop you from thinking about him. What do you think?"
"Ah …"
Hearing this, Xi Youqin became anxious.
She didn't know how strong this woman was, but she was definitely an existence that made people despair. Just like that old man, Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest ability to fight back in front of him. If this woman really wanted to kill Luo Zheng, what should she do?
Seeing Xi Youqin's panicked expression, the beautiful lady smiled faintly, "Don't worry, after entering the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, you'll be able to clear your mind and cultivate. It won't take long for you to forget about him. Feelings are ultimately useless for cultivators …"
Who knew that Xi Youqin's panicked expression only lasted for a moment. She turned around and said coldly to the beautiful lady, "Don't even think about it. If you dare to kill Luo Zheng, I'll kill myself immediately. I'd rather die than acknowledge you as my master!"
"Luo Zheng?" The beautiful woman mulled over this name. She even compared it to the hundreds of young elites in the universe that left the deepest impression on her. But, this name wasn't among them. She understood that since this person was nameless, then there was no need for her to fear this name. Before this, the beautiful woman had some reservations about this name. If this person she admired was an Empyrean descendant, then things would be a bit troublesome.
Xi Youqin realized that she had blurted out Luo Zheng's name and hurriedly covered her mouth. Her heart was filled with regret.
However, the beautiful lady didn't expect that although the name Luo Zheng wasn't famous now, it was destined to shake the universe in the future. It was a name that she would remember for the rest of her life!
"Hehehehe …"
At this moment, a wave of laughter suddenly came from the sky.
The voice was soft and sweet, but it was endlessly charming. Just this laughter alone made people's faces and ears turn red, and their hearts beat faster.
The beautiful lady's expression didn't change in the slightest, but Hong Yue's face had already revealed an awkward expression. As for Xi Youqin, her cultivation was the lowest. When the seductive laughter entered her ears, her face flushed red, and her breathing became more rapid. She had given herself to Luo Zheng, so she was no longer a virgin. Her body had an extremely unnatural reaction.
"The Ten Thousand Purple Jade House is a nuns' house. Those who enter it are like living widows. If you take this woman as your master, then you'll have no interest in life. You might as well die." The voice gently floated over, as if someone was blowing air into Xi Youqin's ear. It made all the hair on her body stand on end, and she couldn't help but tremble.
Not long after, a large bed inlaid with gold appeared in the sky. This bed was about ten feet wide and ten feet long. However, the person sleeping on this bed wasn't a giant, but a delicate woman.
This woman looked as pure as a white lotus. Her appearance was extremely pure, but she was wearing very little clothes, and she exuded a foxy charm. Not to mention ordinary men, even Xi Youqin's mouth became dry when she looked at her.
What made Xi Youqin most dumbfounded was that at the edge of this bed, there were ten topless men neatly sitting upright. Those men were all strong and powerful. At this moment, they were sitting cross-legged with their eyes closed.
"Zhao Xiaoxiao, you slut. You don't know how to restrain yourself. What right do you have to criticize me?" When the beautiful woman saw the woman appear, her face immediately darkened.
This woman called Zhao Xiaoxiao lifted her seemingly boneless body. Her legs were like two thin snakes, and then she placed her arms on the shoulders of a strong man. Looking at the Seven Words Quatrains in the sky, she smiled charmingly and said, "Little girl, I see that you're already a virgin. You must be thinking of men to compose this poem. Why don't you come to my Ecstasy House? You can taste all the men in the world, and you can also cultivate …"
Before Zhao Xiaoxiao could finish her words, the beautiful woman directly scolded her, "Slut!"
Zhao Xiaoxiao wasn't angry at being scolded like this. She just smiled faintly and said, "There's more than one path on the martial path. Hua Bingyan, I've debated with you many times, but you haven't been able to convince me even once."
Xi Youqin stood where she was, hugging the Ancestral Gragon. Her mind was in a mess, and she felt that she was about to collapse. What were these people talking about?
She didn't know that the Three Storey Towers in the Extreme Purple Realm were also very famous in the universe. Hua Bingyan was the owner of the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, and Zhao Xiaoxiao was the owner of the Ecstasy House.
The Two Storey Towers were quite extreme. The Myriad Purple Jade Tower was a typical nunnery. Once one entered, one's heart would be pure, and all thoughts would be cut off.