The reason was simple. Even the most lustful cultivators were afraid of death.
People could still enjoy themselves while they were alive, but after they died, they would have nothing left …
The women in the Soul Stirring Tower did not force people to do what they wanted. However, the Art of Seduction that they cultivated made men unable to extricate themselves. In the end, their bodies would be squeezed dry. If it was light, their vitality would be greatly damaged, and their hundreds or thousands of years of cultivation would be destroyed. If it was serious, their vitality would be damaged, and they would become useless. There were even many who lost their lives.
Obviously, Xi Youqin wanted a man, but she only wanted a Luo Zheng. How could she enter such a place?
As for the Myriad Purple Jade Tower, it directly cut off the root of love. She could not do it either.
She was deceived by that damned old man …
Xi Youqin thought bitterly. The problem was that she was already here. Facing the two people in front of her, how could she escape? Even if she escaped back to the Central Domain through the node, would she bring disaster to Luo Zheng? These were the things that Xi Youqin was very worried about.
At this time, Xi Youqin was thinking gloomily in her heart. The two Tower Masters beside her were arguing about Xi Youqin!
The two of them would not let go of Xi Youqin's First Grade Extreme Purple Yin Body. The argument was at a stalemate. Seeing that the argument between the two women was about to escalate into a fight, an old and dignified voice rang out again.
"Get out of my way!"
After this voice rang out, Zhao Xiaoxiao and Hua Bingyan's faces darkened.
Then, an amiable but dignified old woman appeared in front of everyone, holding a walking stick.
Although Zhao Xiaoxiao and Hua Bingyan's faces were gloomy, they still respectfully greeted the old woman, "Tower Master."
In the Extreme Purple Realm, there were three floors and one tower. Other than the Myriad Purple Jade Tower and the Soul Stirring Tower, there was also the Moon Embracing Tower! And the tower that held the absolute advantage was this tower, called the Indefinite Tower!
This old granny was the Indefinite Tower's Tower Master. The outside world called her "Indefinite Old Woman".
Supporting himself with his walking stick, Wuding Old Man slowly walked towards Xi Youqin with a faint smile on his face. "Not bad, not bad. That old fellow has found me a good seedling!"
"Pagoda Master, Xi Youqin was my first …" Hua Bingyan couldn't accept Indefinite Old Man's words and tried to argue.
As for Zhao Xiaoxiao, she smiled lightly and said, "So what if you go first? I don't want to be a nun with you! "
"You first?" Indefinite Old Man glanced coldly at Hua Bingyan, then smiled at Xi Youqin. "Little girl, show me your right hand."
At this moment, Xi Youqin was completely bewildered. She no longer dared to call her Master. Instead, she timidly extended her right hand towards the old lady in front of her.
Everyone could clearly see that in Xi Youqin's palm was a location talisman unique to the Demi-Immortal Clan.
Seeing this location talisman, Hua Bingyan and Zhao Xiaoxiao naturally understood. The Pagoda Master was not a member of the Demi-Immortal Clan, but her old man was an important figure in the Demi-Immortal Clan. Presumably, this girl was sent by that old man?
Indefinite Old Man looked indifferently at Hua Bingyan and said, "See? Do you need me to explain? "
Hua Bingyan's expression was slightly awkward as she shook her head. "No need, Pagoda Master. I didn't know before."
"It's good that you didn't know." Indefinite Old Man looked kindly at Xi Youqin and smiled. "Little girl, the Master that my old man wants you to acknowledge is this old man."
Xi Youqin curled her lips. After all this commotion, she had already given up on the idea of becoming Luo Zheng's disciple. However, on second thought, it seemed that she could only continue to cultivate. No matter what, it was a good thing for Luo Zheng that she had become stronger.
But she still asked warily, "You … want me to think of a man?"
These words came out of nowhere, but Indefinite Old Man was baffled, and all sorts of strange expressions appeared on his face.
Zhao Xiaoxiao laughed from the side. "Hahaha, this little girl looks decent and virtuous, but she has inherited the true teachings of my Soul-Dousing House! Looks like she's the most suitable to join my House! "
"No, no, no … that's not what I meant!" Xi Youqin's face turned red again. Her head was spinning from the two House Masters' actions, and her words were all jumbled up, but it was really embarrassing to say those words out loud.
However, Indefinite Old Man understood Xi Youqin's words and said indifferently, "The old man has already told me about you. I also know that you have no interest in martial arts and cultivate for that person. If you acknowledge me as your master, I will not restrict you too much. But the path of martial arts ultimately depends on one's heart. If you can persevere, you will definitely gain something. It all depends on whether you can persevere for that person …"
Hearing this, Xi Youqin was relieved. She nodded silently and said, "I can!"
"Very good." Indefinite Old Man smiled faintly. "In that case, you will enter the Tower with me."
"Can we not do it now?" Xi Youqin asked again. Her motivation to acknowledge a master was very strong, but she was not willing to enter the Tower now. Luo Zheng had just returned to the Central Domain, and she wanted to spend more time with him during this period.
Indefinite Old Man smiled faintly. "As you wish! However, you will enter the Tower with me. In the future, when you return to the Extreme Purple Realm, you will naturally connect the space node to the Tower's entrance. "
When warriors with the Extreme Purple Yin Body first entered the Extreme Purple Realm, their location was randomly assigned. However, if the location was changed, the next time they entered, they would enter directly from the node they left from last time. Indefinite Old Man wanted her to change the node to somewhere near Indefinite Tower.
"Mm!" Xi Youqin finally smiled. This old woman was very easy to talk to. Xi Youqin could not stand too many restrictions, so she naturally felt that Indefinite Old Man was amiable.
…
…
A night of spring.
Ning Yudie lazily stretched her well-proportioned body. When she saw Luo Zheng beside her, a blush appeared on her face.
For a cultivator, this little bit of energy was like a drop in the ocean. It was an absurd night, and neither of them slept at all!
"Are you asleep?" Ning Yudie lay on Luo Zheng's chest, her fine black hair scattered over Luo Zheng's chest.
She was petite, so sitting on Luo Zheng's body was like sitting on a boat. Realizing that Luo Zheng was only pretending to sleep, she mischievously reached out to pinch Luo Zheng's nose.
However, before her little hand could touch Luo Zheng's nose, Luo Zheng grabbed it like lightning.
"You're so annoying. Let go!" Ning Yudie said coquettishly.
How could Luo Zheng let go? After grabbing her hand, he pulled her into his embrace and held her tightly in his arms.
"Hmph, last night you …" Ning Yudie said again.
Luo Zheng interrupted Ning Yudie's words. He chuckled and said, "You're still talking? You're freezing me to death!"
"Hmph, who told you to be naughty? If you dare to be naughty in the future, I'll freeze you to death! "Ning Yudie's face revealed a complacent expression.
"I'm not afraid of the cold! If you don't believe me, why don't we try again? "Luo Zheng laughed.
"I don't want to. Do you think I'm a fool …"
After flirting for a while, the two of them freshened up. Ning Yudie tied her fine black hair into a bun, leaving her delicate earlobes exposed. This was the custom of the Central Domain. Women who got married had to tie their hair up for three days. Under this style, Ning Yudie lost some of her playfulness and liveliness, but gained a sense of nobility.
Yesterday, the old man didn't leave the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng didn't even know the purpose of the old man's visit. Therefore, after waking up early this morning, he went straight to the old man.
The Cloud Palace had arranged for a tea house, and this old man was drinking tea in the tea house without being salty or bland!
As soon as Luo Zheng entered the tea house, he bowed to the old man. The old man chuckled and looked outside the tea house. At this time, a figure flew over from outside the tea house. It was Xi Youqin, who left last night.
Looking at Xi Youqin's travel-worn appearance, where did she leave the Cloud Hall yesterday? Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of curiosity. He wondered where Xi Youqin went.
The key point was that he saw the old man talking to Xi Youqin yesterday. And this morning, Xi Youqin went straight here. What happened?
＝＝＝＝＝