Xi Youqin flew into the tea house with a faint smile on her face. She called out sweetly, "Grandpa, let me pour some tea for you!"
The old man chuckled and nodded his head in agreement.
In fact, since Xi Youqin had become Indefinite Old Man's disciple last night, she should have called him Grandmaster. However, Xi Youqin wanted to hide it from Luo Zheng, so she could only call him Grandpa.
After receiving the old man's approval, Xi Youqin smiled. She reached out and washed the tea set. Then, she sifted the green tea with a funnel. She poured a full cup of green tea and handed it to the old man.
The old man's face lit up. He laughed and said, "My disciples and grand-disciples aren't as quick as you. Good! Good … "
After Xi Youqin had become his disciple, that old woman of his family should thank him. Now that he saw how intelligent Xi Youqin was, the more he looked at her, the more he liked her. He was able to see through people's hearts. Yesterday, during the dual cultivation ceremony, how could he not see the bitterness in Xi Youqin's heart? In front of Luo Zheng, he naturally praised Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin smiled. She poured another cup and handed it to Luo Zheng. Then, she retreated to the side.
Luo Zheng took a sip of tea and asked, "Yesterday, I was fortunate enough to receive your medicine. I …"
Who knew that just as Luo Zheng opened his mouth, the old man waved his hand. He was a person who didn't like to be long-winded. He just said, "Little Mo and the others have already returned to the Demi-Immortal Clan! That medicine isn't anything good, but it can make your cultivation speed double with half the effort. As for Lei Fa and the others, I have already sent them away! I don't have a name, so you don't need to ask me … "
Luo Zheng's mouth was wide open. He hadn't even asked anything yet, but this old man had already spouted out a bunch of words. The old man already knew what he wanted to ask, so why did he speak like this? Luo Zheng felt a little speechless.
The old man chuckled and drank the tea in his hand. He then turned his head to Xi Youqin and said, "Little girl, pour this old man another cup of tea!"
Xi Youqin walked over and filled the celadon teacup, then retreated to the side.
Before Luo Zheng could respond, the old man went on. "You are a Fateless One, and the Demi-Immortals can't control your fate. Therefore, I won't be taking you to the Demi-Immortals."
"Ah?" Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
The old man chuckled. "Ah, it's useless. If I don't bring them, then I won't bring them. Although those old guys almost fought with me over this matter, my point of view is right! You are free to ascend! My Demi-Immortals will not interfere with your path. "
This time, Luo Zheng was even more confused. He thought for a moment and was about to speak again. This time, he wanted to ask about the Linglong Pagoda. He had promised Boss Mo and the others, who were also Little Mo, that the old man spoke of. The agreement was that the Linglong Pagoda would be fully unfurled and remain in the Sea God Continent for three hundred years!
But before he could speak, the old man continued, "Let's leave the Linglong Pagoda here first. It's not very useful anyway."
Luo Zheng was stunned. He had seen people rush to speak, but he had never seen someone rush to speak like this. He hadn't even said anything, and this guy had already answered. Luo Zheng could only choke speechlessly.
Xi Youqin, who was next to him, laughed. Luo Zheng's appearance was unprecedentedly funny …
Therefore, Luo Zheng wanted to ask for a reason, but just as he opened his mouth, he closed it. He was sure that the old man would not let him speak.
Sure enough, just as he opened his mouth, the old man continued, "There's no reason! I've thought about it a lot. Fateless people have their own paths. You are a participant in the battle of the world, but you are also a Fateless person. Therefore, you have to walk your own path. It's best that others don't interfere … "
Luo Zheng could only silently take a sip of tea. Yun Luo had said the same thing before.
She didn't want the Demi-Immortals to take away Zhao Li, who had obtained the title of Silver Asura. But she didn't interfere with him. Even after he obtained the Heavenly Dao fragment, she didn't react. Instead, she allowed him to make his own judgment …
This way, Luo Zheng was indeed quite free. But he still needed someone to show him the way. Luo Zheng felt somewhat conflicted.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't want to speak at all. The old man patted Luo Zheng's shoulder. "The path of a Legend has always been unprecedented. No one is qualified to show you the way, not even Celestial Venerables! But you have to remember, I won't take you to the Demi-Immortals. You won't change your blood. But in the end, you are still a member of the Demi-Immortals. Just treat it as an agreement with the Exquisite Pagoda! "
After saying this, the old man stood up and waved the celadon teacup in his hand. "Can you give this old man another cup of tea?"
Xi Youqin smiled slightly and walked over to fill his cup. After the old man drank it in one gulp, he looked at the Ancestral Dragon beside Xi Youqin and said, "I forgot, this Ancestral Dragon will be taken care of by you. This old man should also go! Goodbye … "
This time, Luo Zheng didn't say anything. If he opened his mouth, the old man would most likely seal his mouth again …
But this time, the one who spoke was not Luo Zheng, but Xi Youqin.
Xi Youqin smiled faintly and asked, "Grandpa, what is your name … Can you tell me?"
The old man turned his head and smiled at Xi Youqin. His mouth moved slightly, and a wave of True Essence was transmitted to Xi Youqin.
After saying this, his figure flashed and disappeared directly in front of Luo Zheng.
"Nameless … So Grandmaster's name is Nameless. I see." Xi Youqin learned the old man's name through True Essence Sound Transmission. As for Xi Youqin's Master, it was called Indefinite.
"Wu Ming and Wu Ding." This couple was also a famous martial artist in the universe.
Luo Zheng looked at Xi Youqin strangely and asked, "Youqin, what is this old man's name?"
The corners of Xi Youqin's mouth twitched, and she snorted. "I'm not telling you!"
"No, you have to tell me!" Luo Zheng was not happy. This girl was still keeping him in suspense. How could he allow it?
"I won't!" Xi Youqin smiled faintly. Her eyes were full of lust, but her body slowly retreated.
How could Luo Zheng let Xi Youqin go? He took a step forward, intercepted her, and pulled her into his arms. Since Xi Youqin refused to let go, Luo Zheng could only not let go. After a while, a wave of True Essence spread out and enveloped the tea house. Xi Youqin gently placed the teapot in her hand on the table, and her whole body went limp in Luo Zheng's arms …
For a moment, the small tea house was filled with spring.
In the end, Luo Zheng still did not get the old man's name.
As for what the old man said to Xi Youqin before, and where Xi Youqin went last night, Luo Zheng could not ask.
He was curious, but since he could not get the answer, he could only give up in the end. Therefore, in Luo Zheng's eyes, Xi Youqin seemed a little mysterious. What was this obedient girl hiding from him? And what was her relationship with the old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan?
Xi Youqin did not want to tell him the truth. Frankly speaking, if she could stay by Luo Zheng's side, she would not have the slightest desire to pursue martial arts.
But now she understood that the Lower Realm would not be able to keep Luo Zheng. Sooner or later, he would ascend …
She wanted to give Luo Zheng a surprise. After Luo Zheng ascended, she could enter the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate with peace of mind. She hoped to be able to reunite with Luo Zheng in the Upper Realm. As for this Ning Yudie, if she had to cultivate for a hundred years before ascending to the Upper Realm, then she could slowly wait in the Lower Realm. Xi Youqin was immensely proud of this plan.
For half a month, other than accompanying Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng spent the rest of his time cultivating. But after half a month, Luo Zheng stood in the Cloud Hall, looking toward the east.
Eastern Region …
Since he stepped on the Blue Clouds Road, four years had passed in a flash.
For a martial artist, four years was just the blink of an eye. However, Luo Zheng was only twenty years old. Four years was equivalent to one-fifth of his life. These four years were also the most important four years for him!
It was time to go back.