As he looked towards the south, a figure suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's mind …
It was Su Lingyun, the Eldest Princess of the Sky-Scorching Dynasty, who was dressed in green and cared for him a lot in the Blue Cloud Sect.
After he left the Eastern Domain, he didn't have any time to rest because of Luo Yan. Su Lingyun was still waiting for him there, but he couldn't return until now.
He thought about how he had dragged Su Lingyun all the way through the Imperial Palace, smashing one wall after another. His face was covered in dirt, but Su Lingyun had a nonchalant smile on her face. Her requirements had always been very low. Perhaps it could be said that she had always been like a mentor to him. She had always done her best and never had any extravagant demands.
Thus, a trace of guilt rose in Luo Zheng's heart.
However, Luo Zheng's fame in the Cloud Hall had spread throughout the Central Domain. With such a great reputation, it was enough to ensure Su Lingyun's safety.
The Sect Master of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian, wasn't a fool. How could he dare to let Su Lingyun suffer the slightest harm?
Luo Zheng wasn't worried about Su Lingyun's safety. However, his promise to return to the Eastern Domain had been delayed for a long time. For others, four years was an unimaginable speed. However, Luo Zheng had several opportunities to return to the Eastern Domain, but because of Luo Yan's problem, he ultimately chose to use the time to cultivate.
In other words, Luo Zheng had put Su Lingyun behind him …
There were two ways to return to the Eastern Domain. One was to use the Transmission Array and enter the ruins of the Sixth Grade Sect. The other was to directly travel through the Central Domain.
If it was in the past, Luo Zheng would probably choose the shortest way, which was to use the Transmission Array.
But now, Luo Zheng was suddenly relaxed. Time seemed to have suddenly increased by countless times. He took the two women all the way to the east. He chose to go through the entire Central Domain to reach the Eastern Domain.
"I haven't been to the Eastern Region yet." Ning Yudie smiled faintly.
On the way to the east, the two women seemed to be in a good mood. Luo Zheng didn't know if there was still a knot in their hearts, but at least they didn't show it on the surface.
Xi Youqin blinked and said with a smile, "I haven't been there either, but I want to see the place where Luo Zheng grew up and his hometown!"
Strictly speaking, the Eastern Domain was just an extension of the Central Domain. However, compared to the Western Domain and other places, it was still much larger. That was why an existence like the Burning Sky Empire was born in a corner of the Eastern Domain.
With Luo Zheng and the two women's speed, it would only take them a day to travel across the Eastern Domain. But, the three of them were walking leisurely, and they treated this as a vacation. Therefore, they slowed down, and it took them six to seven days to arrive at the Burning Sky Empire.
Luo Zheng brought the two goddess-like women and stood in front of the Burning Sky Empire's city gate. In an instant, they attracted countless gazes.
Especially Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie. With their temperament, they looked like goddesses from a painting …
"Look, that guy is so arrogant, he actually brought two beautiful women into the Imperial Capital!"
"If those bastards from the Imperial Capital set their eyes on them, they'll be in trouble …"
"Are you kidding me? Look at that guy's cultivation, and those two women's cultivation, I can't see through them at all. I'm afraid they are at least Divine Reflection realm, especially that man, I'm afraid he's a Divine Core warrior! Who dares to cause trouble for them? The eight great families? They're just courting death! "
Some commoners and cultivators were whispering behind them.
Naturally, the three of them didn't care about these voices at all …
In the Eastern Domain, the highest cultivation realm for cultivators was the Divine Core realm, and the strongest cultivator in the entire Eastern Domain was a sect under the Cloud Hall, the Sect Chief of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin didn't have much interest in the Burning Sky Empire's city. Ning Yudie was the one who controlled the Cloud Hall, and that was equivalent to controlling the entire Cloud Sea City. Compared to the Cloud Sea City that was home to many powerful families, the Burning Sky Empire's city couldn't be compared at all.
As for Xi Youqin, she had grown up in the Void Sky City. The Void Sky City was a big city that was famous for its resources. Although it was destroyed by the Tian Xie Sect, before that, the Void Sky City didn't put any other big cities in the Central Domain in their eyes.
Of course, Luo Zheng's feelings were completely different. After revisiting this place, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
After traveling for a while, Luo Zheng and the two girls finally arrived at the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect.
It seemed like some kind of event was being held at the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect. A few deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect were standing on top of the Flying Chariot, guarding the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect.
When one of the deacons saw Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Xi Youqin walking towards them, he glanced at them, then a shocked expression emerged on his face.
The deacons couldn't see through Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie's cultivation bases, but as for Xi Youqin, he could tell that she was a Divine Core warrior!
Although without the Extreme Violet Yin Body, Xi Youqin's combat strength was weaker than some Divine Core warriors, she was still able to intimidate some warriors with her Divine Core cultivation base. This was especially true in the Eastern Domain, where Divine Core warriors were the strongest warriors.
The deacons drove the Flying Chariot and flew towards them. He leapt down from the Flying Chariot and cupped his fist toward Luo Zheng and the girls. "Excuse me, why have you come to the Blue Cloud Sect?"
Luo Zheng smiled. He looked at the deacons in front of him and said, "Deacons Cao, don't you remember me?"
This deacons Cao was the deacons who were responsible for guarding the Illusory Fish Pond. Perhaps he had been transferred to be a patrol deacons, and it looked like he had been demoted …
Deacons Cao's heart skipped a beat. He stared at the man in front of him with a surprised expression.
Actually, Luo Zheng gave him a familiar feeling, as if he had seen this man somewhere before.
But, Luo Zheng had been away for more than four years, and during these four years, Luo Zheng had grown from a teenager to a young man. During this time, his overall strength had increased by leaps and bounds, and after tempering his body several times, his body had undergone a complete transformation. Even his temperament had changed completely.
How could Deacons Cao recognize him?
After carefully inspecting Luo Zheng, his eyes suddenly widened, and a possibility suddenly appeared in his mind!
Luo Zheng!
Although the Central Domain and Eastern Domain didn't have much information, a lot of information was still transmitted to them through the Blue Cloud Sect.
Luo Zheng was a disciple from the Eastern Domain, a disciple from the Blue Cloud Sect! How could the Blue Cloud Sect not pay attention to him? In fact, every single action of Luo Zheng's would be transmitted to them from the Central Domain whenever they had the chance.
Seeing Deacons Cao's astonished gaze, Luo Zheng nodded slightly and made a gesture to keep quiet.
Deacons Cao nodded slightly and controlled himself, not shouting out loud.
When Luo Zheng was training in the Illusory Fish Pond, Deacons Cao still remembered it clearly. He had specially reported to the higher-ups for Luo Zheng, but he was stopped by the Enlightened Masters.
Those Enlightened Masters were punished by Shi Jingtian, and one of them was even killed by Shi Jingtian on the spot during the All-Peak Competition. However, after the matter slowly died down, those Enlightened Masters decided to settle the score. However, Deacons Cao's matter wasn't the main reason for Shi Jingtian's rage. Therefore, those Enlightened Masters found an excuse to demote him to Patrol Deacons.
"Why were you demoted to Patrol Deacons?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Deacons Cao was delighted. He knew what kind of status Luo Zheng had now. However, since Luo Zheng asked about it, there might be a chance for him to turn the situation around. Some things might be extremely difficult for someone like him, but for the current Luo Zheng, it was just a matter of a few words.
Therefore, he gave a brief explanation …
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, but before he could speak, Ning Yudie frowned slightly and said indifferently, "I have never been to the Blue Cloud Sect before, so I thought that there wouldn't be such boring matters in a second-grade sect. I wonder how Shi Jingtian manages the sect. If I see him, I will punish him."
Deacons Cao's face revealed a strange expression when he heard Ning Yudie call out the Sect Leader's name. She wants to punish the Sect Leader? Who is this woman?
Deacons Cao didn't dare to ask recklessly, but he was guessing in his heart.
Looking at Deacons Cao's expression, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Alright, since the main character has spoken, there shouldn't be any problems."
"Main character …" Since Luo Zheng had spoken, Deacons Cao dared to ask, "This fairy-like lady is …"
Luo Zheng shrugged and said, "She is the Hall Master of your Cloud Hall."