As a second-grade sect, the Blue Cloud Sect was a subordinate sect of the Cloud Hall.
However, to the majority of the disciples and deacons of the Blue Cloud Sect, the Cloud Hall was only a legend.
The number of disciples that the Cloud Hall accepted from the Blue Cloud Sect was simply too few.
Every three years, there would be a Sect Wide Competition. Only the top three would have the qualifications to step onto the Azure Cloud Road. There were hundreds of thousands of disciples in the Blue Cloud Sect. It could be said that only one in a hundred thousand was chosen.
Just like that, the elites of the Blue Cloud Sect still had to compete with the other four second-grade sects on the Blue Cloud Sect.
As for their Blue Cloud Sect's Sect Master, he could only be considered a deacon in the Cloud Hall. He didn't even have the qualifications to be an Elder. From this, one could imagine how high and mighty the Cloud Hall was.
This time, Luo Zheng brought Ning Yudie back. He didn't have any intention of hiding anything, so he directly said it.
However, he didn't consider Deacon Cao's tolerance. His mouth was agape as he looked at Ning Yudie. His face was filled with fear, and he was momentarily speechless.
In the Cloud Hall, there were a few Elders who patrolled the Blue Cloud Sect. However, the Sect Master had never personally visited. Deacon Cao couldn't tell for a moment. However, Deacon Cao's reaction was swift. He bowed toward Ning Yudie and respectfully said, "The Sect Master has personally visited our Blue Cloud Sect. This lowly one will immediately inform the Sect Master!"
Regardless of whether the person in front of him was the Sect Master or not, it was still up to Shi Jingtian to determine. He had to do his job properly.
After saying that, Deacon Cao hurriedly jumped onto the Flying Chariot and sped toward the Blue Cloud Sect.
"Old Cao, why are you in such a hurry?" A patrolling deacon at the side asked.
How could Deacon Cao care about others? Without the slightest hesitation, he directly rushed toward the Azure Cloud Hall.
"You're crazy!" The patrolling deacon scolded when he saw that Deacon Cao was ignoring him. However, the other deacons were also curious as to what had just happened. They turned their heads and saw three people standing at the entrance of the Blue Cloud Sect. They couldn't see through the cultivation levels of these three people, so they were all shocked and nervous. When they thought about how Deacon Cao left in a hurry, their faces immediately turned solemn.
No matter who these three people were, they were not people they could afford to offend.
Shortly after Deacon Cao left, a burly figure rushed over. It was the sect leader of the Blue Cloud Sect, Shi Jingtian.
"Sect Master!"
"Sect Master!"
These deacons were good at reading people's expressions. When they saw Shi Jingtian rushing over, they knew that the three men standing in front of the Sect's entrance must be someone important. However, they couldn't figure out who these three men were.
Shi Jingtian floated over. When he saw Luo Zheng, a pleasantly surprised expression emerged on his face. When he turned to Ning Yudie, his expression became respectful. "Greetings, Sect Master! I didn't know Sect Master was here, so I didn't welcome you properly. Please forgive me!"
Within the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie was a mysterious figure. Shi Jingtian was just a deacon. He had endured for so many years, but because his cultivation level was stuck at the Divine Core realm, he wasn't qualified to be promoted to a Sect Master.
When the deacons saw the Sect Master greeting Shi Jingtian, their hearts started pounding when they heard the words Sect Master.
There was no Divine Kingdom in the Central Domain, but the Sect Master of the Cloud Hall had the same status as the Divine Emperor of a Divine Kingdom. As for the Eastern Domain and the Blue Cloud Sect, they were just territories under the Cloud Hall!
They never expected that the Sect Master of the Cloud Hall would come to a place like the Eastern Domain for something like this.
However, these deacons were quick to react. They quickly followed behind Shi Jingtian and bowed deeply toward Ning Yudie. "Greetings, Sect Master!" In fact, with their strength, they weren't even qualified to be Ning Yudie's subordinates. But, no matter what level they were in, they all had the desire to work hard. Although the chances were slim, they still had to show off their abilities.
Right at this moment, Deacon Cao had arrived with the Flying Chariot. When he saw this scene, he immediately understood that the goddess-like figure was the Sect Master of the Cloud Hall!
He jumped down from the Flying Chariot and stood with the other deacons. Then, he bowed deeply toward Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie glanced at Deacon Cao faintly and said, "But I just heard that, that …"
When she said that, Shi Jingtian felt his scalp go numb. How could he not be nervous when the Sect Master questioned him? He suddenly remembered that Deacon Cao's incident was related to Luo Zheng.
At that time, he had indeed severely punished the few Spiritual Masters. However, these messy Spiritual Masters were inextricably linked to the seven great noble families. It was not appropriate for him to suppress all of these Spiritual Masters. Moreover, this Deacon Cao himself did not have any background. It was likely that these Spiritual Masters had taken revenge on him …
However, he was just a Sect Master. How could he care so much? This time, Luo Zheng happened to bump into him. When Ning Yudie asked him about it, he hated those damned Perfected Masters to the core. After this incident, it was time for him to be ruthless!
"This subordinate deserves to die. I didn't manage the Blue Cloud Sect strictly. In the future, I will strictly reorganize the Blue Cloud Sect! As for Deacon Cao, I will rearrange him … "Shi Jingtian lowered his head even more.
The other deacons looked at Deacon Cao and their hearts trembled. The Cloud Hall Sect Master had asked about it and the Sect Master had made a promise. Deacon Cao's fate had been completely rewritten! When Deacon Cao was demoted, the other deacons had bullied him. Now, Deacon Cao's luck had finally turned for the better …
Deacon Cao was also extremely excited. He did not expect that his fate could be reversed with just a few words!
Seeing Shi Jingtian's serious expression, Ning Yudie smiled faintly and said, "Alright, I came to the Eastern Region this time to accompany Luo Zheng. There's nothing else. You don't have to be so nervous."
Her words made Shi Jingtian relax a little. It was the first time in history that the Sect Master had personally appeared in the Blue Cloud Sect. Moreover, the first thing he did was to ask for an explanation. This really scared him.
"Sect Master Shi, you don't have to be so nervous." Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Shi Jingtian smiled faintly and said, "Luo Zheng, you don't have to call me Sect Master. It's better for us to address each other as equals …"
Cultivators used strength to determine seniority. Even if Luo Zheng was from the Blue Cloud Sect, Luo Zheng's strength had already reached a level where Shi Jingtian could only look up to him. He couldn't accept Luo Zheng calling him Sect Master.
However, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I'm from the Blue Cloud Sect. It's normal for me to address you as Sect Master. There's nothing wrong with it."
Since Luo Zheng had said so, Shi Jingtian couldn't refuse. However, Shi Jingtian sighed. Luo Zheng was a sentimental person. In fact, before Luo Zheng participated in the All-Peak Competition, Shi Jingtian didn't give him any help at all. Everything depended on Luo Zheng. Who would have thought that in just a few years, he would become the strongest person in the Central Domain?
Previously, Shi Jingtian also knew about the Dual Cultivation Ceremony between Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng. However, the Blue Cloud Sect only prepared a generous gift for them. That day, they invited the leaders of the various third-grade sects. Although the Blue Cloud Sect belonged to the Cloud Hall, as a second-grade sect, they weren't qualified to attend.
This time, Luo Zheng suddenly returned to the Eastern Domain … Although Luo Zheng's family was in the Eastern Domain, the biggest burden for Luo Zheng was the Princess of the Vast Sky, Su Lingyun.
Under Shi Jingtian's guidance, Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin followed behind and toured the entire Blue Cloud Sect.
At this time, Luo Zheng transmitted his voice to Shi Jingtian, "Sect Master, where is Instructor Su?"
Shi Jingtian had already expected Luo Zheng to ask this question. He answered truthfully, "After you left the Central Domain, Su Lingyun was still under house arrest in the Imperial Palace. However, half a year later, I brought her back to the Blue Cloud Sect. She returned to Xiao Yufeng as an instructor."
Shi Jingtian had once promised Luo Zheng that as long as he was alive, Su Lingyun wouldn't be harmed by anyone. Although he couldn't help Su Lingyun regain the throne, he could ensure her safety.
A year later, the news of Luo Zheng's rise in fame during the Martial Arts Conference reached Shi Jingtian's ears. Naturally, this promise was changed.
Shi Jingtian knew about the relationship between Su Lingyun and Luo Zheng. In the future, Luo Zheng would definitely become the core figure of the Cloud Hall!
On the second day after receiving this news, Shi Jingtian personally went to the Burning Sky Palace and kicked the Crown Prince, Su Rui, off the throne in front of the civil and military officials. Then, he released Su Lingyun from house arrest.
＝＝＝＝＝