After Su Qian went missing, Shi Jingtian became the only representative of the Cloud Hall in the Eastern Region. Who in the entire Burning Sky Palace could be his enemy?
The entire Burning Sky Dynasty was just a dynasty in a mortal kingdom, and it was as weak as a baby in front of a warrior. It only took a few words from a mighty warrior to eliminate someone and replace someone else!
All the officials in the Burning Sky Palace were dumbfounded, but none of them dared to say anything. As for the few Divine Core warriors who lived in seclusion in the Burning Sky Palace, none of them wanted to interfere …
He wanted Su Lingyun to make her own choice. Would she eliminate Su Rui and become the Empress herself, or would she go to the Central Domain and seek refuge from Luo Zheng?
However, Su Lingyun's choice surprised Shi Jingtian. She didn't choose to kill Su Rui, she didn't become the first Empress of the Burning Sky Dynasty, and she didn't leave the Eastern Region either. Instead, she returned to the Blue Cloud Sect, and returned to the Xiao Yufeng to continue her career as a teacher.
Shi Jingtian told Luo Zheng about Su Lingyun's situation after Luo Zheng left.
Luo Zheng lightly nodded his head, and a smile emerged on his face. He had to admit that Shi Jingtian had done a good job. However, the fact that Su Lingyun was willing to stay on the Xiao Yufeng surprised Luo Zheng.
Both men were communicating with each other using their True Energies. Ning Yudie asked curiously, "What are you talking about?"
"This …" An awkward expression emerged on Shi Jingtian's face. Since Luo Zheng was communicating with his True Energies, he obviously didn't want these two girls to hear their conversation. So, how could he tell them the truth? But, since the Palace Master asked, he didn't know how to answer.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Nothing much, we're just talking about something that happened in the Blue Cloud Sect. Xiao Die, Youqin, since you're here, you can ask Sect Master Shi to show you around. I have something I need to deal with."
Xi Youqin didn't say anything, but she was staring at Luo Zheng. When she saw the flickering look in his eyes, she immediately understood what was going on.
On the other hand, Ning Yudie was still confused and asked curiously, "What is it?"
Shi Jingtian, who was at the front, quickly said, "Hall Master, please take a seat in the Azure Cloud Hall. I will bring you around the various peaks of the Blue Cloud Sect …"
Luo Zheng found an excuse and left. Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie followed behind Shi Jingtian and went straight to the Azure Cloud Hall.
When Shi Jingtian entered the Azure Cloud Cloud Hall, a maid was arranged to welcome him. However, before he entered the hall, Xi Youqin stood at the entrance of the main hall.
Ning Yudie glanced at Xi Youqin and asked, "What are you doing?"
Xi Youqin smiled. "It's nothing. I just feel that something is wrong."
"What's wrong this time?" Ning Yudie asked again.
Xi Youqin didn't say anything. She raised her head and entered the Azure Cloud Hall.
Ning Yudie frowned. She didn't know what this girl was thinking. She moved her body and blocked Xi Youqin's path. She faced Xi Youqin and asked, "What's the matter? Is it about Luo Zheng? "
Xi Youqin knew Ning Yudie's character very well. She could see things that Ning Yudie couldn't. However, Xi Youqin didn't want to interfere with Luo Zheng's matters. She didn't dare to interfere, but Ning Yudie dared to. She kept Ning Yudie in suspense so that Ning Yudie would ask more questions.
As expected, Ning Yudie wouldn't let go of her small action.
Xi Youqin smiled. "You can say that. However, I think we should forget about it."
"What's the matter?" Ning Yudie's voice deepened.
In the hall, Shi Jingtian had asked the maids to prepare exquisite tea and pastries. He even changed the set of tables and chairs as he waited for Ning Yudie to enter the hall. At this time, Shi Jingtian was still thinking about organizing the elite disciples of the Blue Cloud Sect's 33 peaks to practice for the Hall Master to take a look.
However, the two girls were standing at the entrance of the hall. He didn't know what they were talking about.
Xi Youqin said indifferently, "Luo Zheng was born in the Eastern Region, which means he was born in a second-grade sect. Although he isn't a promiscuous person, I'm afraid there are people who are merciful. I'm wondering who that person is."
Hearing this, Ning Yudie's heart was filled with jealousy. She was different from Xi Youqin. She was a woman with a strong nature. Allowing Xi Youqin to be by Luo Zheng's side had already crossed her bottom line. Now, it seemed like Xi Youqin wasn't the first and probably wouldn't be the last.
Although she tried her best to control her emotions, her expression couldn't help but change.
Seeing Ning Yudie's uncomfortable expression, Xi Youqin smiled and comforted her. "Isn't it normal for a man to have multiple wives? It would be abnormal if he didn't have any. "
"Preposterous!" Ning Yudie rushed into the Azure Cloud Hall angrily. Shi Jingtian was about to welcome Ning Yudie to her seat when Ning Yudie angrily leaned against the huge dragon throne in the middle of the hall.
Seeing the Hall Master's angry expression, Shi Jingtian became nervous and didn't dare to speak.
As for Xi Youqin, she walked towards Ning Yudie with a relaxed expression. She sat beside Ning Yudie and suddenly said seriously, "No matter what, this is Luo Zheng's choice. He is already your husband. You can't be so angry at him."
Although Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin didn't get along well, they had been together for a period of time. Although their relationship wasn't as close as sisters, it was very harmonious on the surface. At this moment, Ning Yudie felt like they were in the same boat.
"Don't you want to go and take a look?" Xi Youqin suddenly whispered.
Ning Yudie didn't even think and immediately replied, "No!"
"You really don't want to?" Xi Youqin sat closer and closer to Ning Yudie.
"I don't want to …" Ning Yudie's attitude wasn't as firm as before. When she saw Xi Youqin's mocking expression, she said, "Let's secretly go and take a look …"
Shi Jingtian hesitated for a while. Just as he was about to speak, Ning Yudie said coldly, "Deacon Shi, where did Luo Zheng go?"
This question was difficult to answer. Shi Jingtian's face revealed a difficult expression again.
"Do you want me to go and find him personally?" Ning Yudie stared at Shi Jingtian and said.
"I don't dare. Luo Zheng went to Xiao Yufeng. I will bring you there now," Shi Jingtian quickly said.
After all, Ning Yudie was the master. Shi Jingtian would rather offend Luo Zheng than offend Ning Yudie. Furthermore, Luo Zheng was a man and would definitely be more magnanimous than a woman. Even though the Sect Master was usually swift and decisive, when it came to relationships, Shi Jingtian didn't believe that Ning Yudie would be magnanimous.
Hence, under Shi Jingtian's lead, the two ladies went straight to Xiao Yufeng.
Xiao Yufeng …
A few months ago, in order to fight against the black energy, he destroyed the mountains in the Great Thousand World. However, he managed to preserve the mountains in the Eastern Region.
If he didn't do that, the 33 mountains in the Blue Cloud Sect would have been destroyed.
After staying at the foot of the mountain for a while, he flew up!
The waist of Xiao Yufeng was where the outer disciples were located. Further up was where the mentors were located. When Luo Zheng flew past the waist of the mountain, he saw a large number of warriors gathered there.
"An arena?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He retracted his aura and slowly approached the arena.
On the arena, there were two black-robed disciples fighting.
"Why are the inner disciples fighting here?" Luo Zheng was puzzled. When he focused his gaze, a trace of surprise appeared on his face. "It's actually Mo Can!"
Mo Can was the first friend that Luo Zheng made after entering the Blue Cloud Sect. Compared to when Luo Zheng left, Mo Can's temperament had undergone a great change. Most importantly, he had been promoted to an inner disciple!
Mo Can's talent was average. Even his perseverance was lacking. Most of the time, he had to be encouraged by Luo Zheng along the way. Previously, Luo Zheng even fought with the head of the Mo Family because of Mo Can …
It seemed that after he left, Mo Can had put in a lot of effort. At this moment, in the arena, Mo Can was releasing waves of true energy. However, his opponent's strength wasn't weak. In fact, he was even stronger than Mo Can. However, Mo Can's perseverance was extremely strong. No matter how strong his opponent's counterattack was, he gritted his teeth and refused to take a step back!
Mo Can had indeed changed …
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. However, after observing for a while, he frowned.