That inner sect disciple's face was filled with arrogance as his attacks became increasingly fierce.
However, on the surface of Mo Can's body, a trace of green-grey aura appeared. Even if his opponent's attacks fell like raindrops, they were unable to knock him down!
That green-grey aura was extremely unique. It was likely that Mo Can had his own fortuitous encounter.
"Mo Can, do your best!"
"You absolutely cannot lose to this brat from the Lone Sky Peak!"
"Defend the dignity of our number one peak!"
Hearing the crowd's cheers, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. It was still the Lone Sky Peak!
Back then, after Luo Zheng defeated Hua Tianming and Pei Tianyao, Xiao Yufeng was ranked first. As for Hua Tianming, who came from the Lone Sky Peak, he was ranked second. Who would have thought that this situation would remain until now …
"Bang!"
After blocking countless attacks from his opponent, one of the attacks finally hit Mo Can. It directly sent Mo Can flying, rolling to the edge of the stage.
That black-robed disciple sneered as he walked towards Mo Can. However, he raised the weapon in his hand, "Are you going to get off by yourself, or do you want me to cripple you?"
Mo Can clenched his teeth as a stubborn expression surfaced on his face. The true energy within his body began to gather. Even under such circumstances, Mo Can still wanted to counterattack!
"If you don't want to give up, then I'll cripple you!" The black-robed disciple from the Lone Sky Peak sneered as he raised the weapon in his hand and was about to smash it down.
Just at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in everyone's ears. "Enough."
A lady walked out from the crowd. That lady wore a light yellow vest with a pale yellow dress that outlined her graceful figure. Her appearance was still as beautiful as a fairy's. However, after four years, her face had lost some of its youthfulness and gained some maturity …
"Instructor … Su." Luo Zheng's gaze flickered.
Su Lingyun naturally did not discover Luo Zheng. She walked to the side of the stage and said to Mo Can, "You've already done enough. Admit defeat, Mo Can."
"But instructor Su …" Mo Can's face revealed an unconvinced expression.
Su Lingyun faintly smiled, "Perseverance is not a path to the end. If that's the case, it's not perseverance, but recklessness."
Looking at Mo Can, Su Lingyun's thoughts still drifted. After all, not everyone had the talent like Luo Zheng. perseverance was admittedly an important quality, but only when it was combined with talent could it bring out the greatest effect.
In the end, however, Mo Can gritted his teeth. He got up and charged toward his opponent.
"Luo Zheng. Since you don't admit defeat, I'll cripple you! " The inner court disciple sneered. His speed suddenly increased by several times. With a kick as fast as lightning, he swept Mo Can to the ground. Then, he raised his fist and smashed it toward Mo Can's Dantian.
Su Lingyun frowned. She wanted to stop the inner court disciple, but her speed was still a bit too slow.
At this moment, a figure suddenly flashed down from the sky and stood on the arena. With a gentle push of his hand, he gently pushed the inner court disciple back.
With just a gentle push, the inner court disciple felt an irresistible force. He retreated a dozen steps toward the other side of the stage before stopping. Then, he stared at Luo Zheng with a gloomy gaze.
As for Mo Can, he originally thought that he was going to be miserable. However, a white figure suddenly appeared. He raised his head and looked over. His face suddenly revealed an expression of disbelief.
"Luo … Luo …" For a moment, Mo Can didn't know how to address Luo Zheng.
At this moment, several inner court disciples appeared in the crowd. It was Zhang Wuxian and the others!
They naturally paid close attention to Mo Can's battle. However, they never expected that someone would suddenly appear at this time. Zhang Wuxian and Luo Zheng were naturally more familiar with each other. Even though Luo Zheng's temperament had changed a lot, they could still recognize his overall appearance.
"Luo Zheng!"
"It's really Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng is back!"
At first, many of Xiao Yufeng's disciples didn't recognize Luo Zheng. However, when the first person shouted out his name, the others were immediately awakened. In an instant, the mountainside boiled with excitement!
The name Luo Zheng was the glory of Xiao Yufeng!
Any news regarding Luo Zheng in the Central Domain would be spread to Xiao Yufeng at first notice. Then, it would spread to the entire Blue Cloud Sect and the entire Eastern Domain …
"Luo Zheng!" The inner court disciple from Lone Sky Peak was overwhelmed with shock. The person in front of him was the strongest person in the Central Domain … Was he the disciple who walked out of Xiao Yufeng?
When Su Lingyun saw Luo Zheng, her body suddenly trembled. She stared at him for a moment before resolutely turning her head and walking away. She hid in the crowd.
When Luo Zheng felt Su Lingyun's movement, he pulled Mo Can up from the ground. His figure flashed and disappeared in front of everyone. He chased after Su Lingyun.
Su Lingyun wore embroidered shoes with silk flowers and quickly walked forward. As for where was in front of her, she didn't know.
"Instructor Su!" Luo Zheng caught up to Su Lingyun and shouted from behind.
Su Lingyun looked forward. Her eyes were a little hazy. She pulled her hair behind her ear and shook her head. "I'm no longer your instructor."
She had already been promoted to the Cloud Hall. Naturally, she couldn't be considered Luo Zheng's instructor.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Alright, then I'll call you Ling Yun."
"I used to be your instructor. I'm also older than you. How can you call me by my name?" Su Lingyun, who had her back facing Luo Zheng, said indifferently.
"Then … Sister Ling Yun?" Luo Zheng's face was suffused with a smile. His expression also relaxed.
Su Lingyun didn't reply.
When Shi Jingtian entered the palace and kicked Su Rui off the throne, Su Lingyun had two guesses in her heart.
It was either Luo Zheng or her father, Su Qian, had returned.
Very quickly, Su Lingyun got her answer. She had heard of Luo Zheng's deeds in the Central Domain. That brat wasn't inferior to the geniuses of the fourth and fifth grade sects. With his Divine Reflection Realm strength, he suppressed all the geniuses in the Central Domain.
At that time, Su Lingyun had many choices in front of her. Shi Jingtian's attitude was very positive. No matter what she wanted, Shi Jingtian would do his best to cooperate. He was even willing to help her ascend the throne and rule the world.
However, she gave up.
Su Lingyun returned to Xiao Yufeng and silently took up the role of a mentor.
In fact, Su Lingyun knew deep in her heart that she was waiting. As for what she was waiting for, she didn't know. Or rather, she didn't dare to think about it.
The martial path was long. At this time, Luo Zheng had stepped onto a brand new level. A level that she couldn't reach or even hope to reach.
However, she was still waiting. She placed all her energy on Little Rain Peak to find even more talented disciples and give them the greatest help. She wanted to strive for a better result. Only in this way would she have more patience.
Four years wasn't a long time. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to return. In these four years, she heard that Luo Zheng had offended the experts of the Central Domain. She also heard that Luo Zheng had gone missing. She also heard that Luo Zheng had returned. She also heard that Luo Zheng was looking for a famous doctor. She also heard that Luo Zheng had left the Central Domain for a place that was far beyond her imagination to become the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall …
Excitement, worry, hope, relief, and relief. The Eastern Domain and the Central Domain were too far apart. These news couldn't be transmitted smoothly. Therefore, each emotion would accompany Su Lingyun for a long time until the next news came. Then, it would be replaced by another emotion.
Today, Luo Zheng had returned. Was she waiting for him? Su Lingyun's heart was in a mess. She couldn't think and didn't know the answer.
At this time, Su Lingyun's body suddenly trembled.
A pair of hands wrapped around her from behind. Luo Zheng walked up and hugged her.
"Let, let go of me …" Su Lingyun looked nervous.
She was a teacher after all. Even though she wasn't much older than Xiao Yufeng's disciples, many of the disciples on the mountainside were looking in their direction. As a teacher, how could she be seen by Xiao Yufeng's disciples?
When Luo Zheng heard Su Lingyun's words, he hugged her from behind. After a long time, he said in a relaxed manner, "Sorry, I came back late …"
He promised to come back. He would definitely come back.