Ning Yudie pouted and revealed an unconvinced expression. "He's fickle in love. He's not a good person!"
Seeing Ning Yudie's expression, Xi Youqin smiled. Seeing a certain someone's jealousy was a happy thing. It even offset the bitterness in Xi Youqin's heart. She continued to tease, "In the end, Luo Zheng knew this girl first!"
"Yes, he's fickle in love. He's not a good person." Ning Yudie became more and more aggrieved.
Seeing her like this, Xi Youqin continued, "If Luo Zheng wasn't a good person, he could've just left and didn't have to come back. It's because he's loyal and righteous that he kept his promise …"
"He's not a good person. He's not a good person!" Ning Yudie became anxious and tears welled up in her eyes.
Seeing Ning Yudie's expression, Xi Youqin quietly reached out her hand towards Ning Yudie.
"What are you doing?!" Ning Yudie took a step back and avoided Xi Youqin's hand.
However, Xi Youqin still took a step forward. She grabbed her sleeve and wiped away the tears on Ning Yudie's face. While wiping, she said, "He's not a good person. He's still our husband."
Ning Yudie was stunned. In the end, she could only sigh. She looked at Luo Zheng with reddened eyes. As the saying goes, husbands are enemies. Luo Zheng would probably be her enemy for life.
As for Shi Jingtian, he was floating in the distance. He looked at the Temple Master, then looked at Luo Zheng and Su Lingyun. He sighed in his heart. This Luo Zheng was too f * cking powerful. No wonder he was from the Blue Cloud Sect!
Although it was normal for cultivators to have three wives and four concubines, Shi Jingtian had dozens of concubines. Luo Zheng paled in comparison to him.
But that also depended on who he married!
Shi Jingtian wasn't sure of the identity of the elegant girl beside the Palace Master. However, he knew that her background wasn't low. She was most likely from a prestigious family. Furthermore, Ning Yudie was the leader of the largest sect in the Central Domain! What kind of status does she have? How could she be compared to an ordinary woman?
However, it was Luo Zheng after all. He had just gotten married and he had returned to find Su Lingyun. Shi Jingtian could only admire the Palace Master from the bottom of his heart when he saw how angry the Palace Master was. He couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng comforted Su Lingyun for a long time. After the two of them talked, Su Lingyun finally shifted the topic to her Imperial Father.
As the Deacon of the Cloud Hall, Su Qian had disappeared while carrying out his mission. Until now, there had been no news about him. The Cloud Hall didn't seem to have any news about him either.
At this time, Luo Zheng's mind moved. He could search for Su Qian's orientation in the memories of the World Will. The memories included all the information about the Great Thousand World. As long as it was a creature from the Great Thousand World, there wasn't anything left out!
With this thought, Luo Zheng instantly obtained what he wanted. His face revealed a trace of silence. Then, he said to Su Lingyun, "Your father … should have passed away in a relic in the Central Domain."
"Is that so?" Su Lingyun's eyes flickered. In fact, after disappearing for so long, she already had this premonition. However, because there had been no news about him, she only had a trace of hope in her heart. Although she didn't know how Luo Zheng knew about it, she believed in Luo Zheng's words.
"I will ask the Cloud Hall to send someone to bring your father's bones back," Luo Zheng continued.
Su Lingyun nodded. Compared to Ning Yudie, she was more reserved. This time, Luo Zheng let go of her hand. She deliberately distanced herself from Luo Zheng.
On the other side, Xi Youqin saw that Ning Yudie's emotions had stabilized. She took her hand, but Ning Yudie's hand suddenly shrank back. "What are you doing!"
"Let's go over and say hello," Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"No!" Ning Yudie said stubbornly.
"In the end, you will have to get to know him. How can you avoid it?" Xi Youqin replied.
"…"
After thinking about it, Ning Yudie could only helplessly follow behind Xi Youqin and fly to the mountainside.
Xi Youqin's psychological burden was indeed much lighter than Ning Yudie's. She had a belief in her heart that no matter how many women Luo Zheng had, the one who would accompany Luo Zheng in the end would be her. Therefore, she was much more relaxed now. "John Doe" said it well. Let's see who will have the last laugh!
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie slowly flew over. Luo Zheng's face revealed a somewhat unnatural expression. Luo Zheng had no idea how to deal with the relationship between the three women. He could only brace himself and introduce them to each other.
Fortunately, Xi Youqin gracefully greeted Su Lingyun, while Ning Yudie stood at the side. The three women sized each other up, and their eyes revealed an indescribable feeling …
As for these feelings, of course, they were all different. However, this scene could be considered harmonious, and it made Luo Zheng feel that he had passed by luck.
Luo Zheng stayed in the Blue Cloud Sect for two days. It was said that Mo Can had used his own strength to regain his position in the Mo Clan, and Zhang Wuxian had now officially taken over the Zhang Clan's business. As such, everyone's situation was different, but overall, it was smooth sailing.
After that, Luo Zheng took the road to the south and returned to the Luo Clan in Chongyang County.
The current Luo Clan was already a force that could not be ignored. Although it was not located in the Burning Sky Imperial City, its current growth was faintly showing signs of surpassing the seven major clans. There was only one reason for this, and that was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng rose and fell in the Central Domain, and even disappeared for two years. However, no one could guarantee that he would not return. If someone really provoked the Luo Clan, there was no guarantee that Luo Zheng would suddenly return one day. That would be a disaster that would wipe out the entire clan!
Without other clans holding them back, the Luo Clan's power rapidly expanded. In Chongyang County, there was no other clan that could match up to them.
Luo Zheng's return was naturally a joyous occasion for the Luo Clan. With this return, Luo Zheng also left behind some treasures and cultivation techniques.
Of course, Luo Zheng did not dare to keep anything that was too valuable. An ordinary man's wealth was his own ruin. The Luo Clan could not keep anything that was too valuable. Instead, it would lead to a disaster. However, the weapons and cultivation techniques that were very common to Luo Zheng were extremely precious to the Luo Clan …
Luo Zheng also knew that on the path of martial arts, the further one walked, the higher one climbed. Although family ties were important, in a long life, the inheritance would gradually be diluted by time. Next, he needed to concentrate on his cultivation and prepare for his ascension. He did not know how many years it would be before he returned to the Eastern Domain again. He needed to do his best to arrange some things properly.
However, the Eastern Domain was originally the world of the Blue Cloud Sect, and the Blue Cloud Sect was controlled by the Cloud Hall. Even if Luo Zheng did not say a word, the Blue Cloud Sect would do their best to take care of the Luo Clan so that the Luo Clan would not suffer losses. However, if the Luo Clan wanted to give birth to a character, it would still depend on the efforts of the younger generation in the clan.
Several days later, Luo Zheng left the Luo Clan. However, he took a path to the west …
The three women were curious. This time, after returning to his hometown, Luo Zheng should be rushing back to the Central Domain. Why did he take a path to the west?
Luo Zheng kept them in suspense and pretended to be mysterious. He told them that he would take them to a secluded place …
In the end, they arrived at the Nine Yin Mountain, Jade Dragon Valley. That was the Immortal Mansion that Luo Zheng had entered before.
The origin of this Immortal Mansion was very mysterious. Even now, Luo Zheng found it hard to guess. Daoist Tian Miao had also entered the Immortal Mansion with Luo Zheng.
Even though Daoist Tian Miao's strength was at the Extreme Divine Realm, he still couldn't control the Immortal Mansion. He only had one more token than Luo Zheng. That was the "Zhen" token he gave Luo Zheng. Together with the "Xun" token in Luo Zheng's hand, he had two Immortal Mansion tokens.
This Immortal Mansion was no small matter. According to Daoist Tian Miao, this Immortal Mansion didn't have a name. Moreover, in the entire universe of one hundred thousand Upper Realms, no one was qualified to give this Immortal Mansion a name!
Perhaps Daoist Tian Miao's words were very exaggerated, but Luo Zheng understood that regardless of whether it was exaggerated or not, the secret of this Immortal Mansion must be explored before he ascended. Now that Luo Zheng had broken through the Life and Death Realm, he didn't know whether he could obtain more secrets or even control this Immortal Mansion.
"Is this the place?" Ning Yudie looked at the empty valley and asked curiously. She really couldn't think of anything in the Eastern Domain that was worth Luo Zheng's attention.
"Follow me!" Luo Zheng walked towards a corner of the valley. Then, with a flash of green light, Luo Zheng disappeared between two bamboos.
(Filling holes is a bit difficult, but some holes have to be filled. I can only try my best to dig and bury them! ^ _ ^, thank you Ning Yueyun for the 3K coins, thank you Xiao Feng for the tip, thank you Forget Everything for the tip!)
＝＝＝＝＝