Seeing Luo Zheng's figure suddenly disappear, a curious look flashed across Su Lingyun's face. "Is this … a teleportation array?"
There weren't many teleportation channels built in the Eastern Region. The only one was built in the Blue Cloud Sect. It was the teleportation array that led to the Blue Cloud Road. Moreover, it had been in disrepair for a long time.
To teleport a person, it would consume a top-grade True Origin Stone. Even Shi Jingtian was reluctant to use it.
Therefore, Su Lingyun was a little surprised.
As for Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, their expressions were indifferent. In the Central Domain, teleportation arrays were common. Even some rich mortal merchants would sometimes choose to use teleportation arrays to transport goods. Although the cost was high, it was safe and convenient.
Luo Zheng pretended to be mysterious. However, in Ning Yudie's eyes, even if there were any secrets in this small Eastern Region, they were not worth mentioning.
However, since her husband was leading the way, she was willing to accompany him wherever he went.
However, as soon as Ning Yudie stepped into the two bamboos, a white light flashed and she suddenly found herself in an unfamiliar place, causing a strange look to appear on her face.
"This teleportation array doesn't seem to have a spatial channel, and I don't feel the power of the Space Law. This is a little strange," Ning Yudie muttered.
Then, Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun also passed through the two bamboos and entered this world.
Looking over, the three women were stunned by the scenery ….
"These trees are so huge. Is this the world of giants?" Su Lingyun looked at the trees that were as tall as mountains. Her face was filled with shock.
At first glance, the surrounding scenery looked very normal, but upon closer inspection, everything around seemed to have been magnified countless times. Not to mention the huge trees, even the weeds under the trees were comparable to the size of a house. It was as if this place was a huge transformed world.
Seeing the shocked expressions of Ning Yudie and the other two girls, a faint smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. When he first entered this place, his strength was only at the Xiantian realm. At that time, he was scared out of his wits. Moreover, at that time, there was an unbelievably huge White Tiger on the other side. Fortunately, there was a barrier blocking it, allowing Luo Zheng to escape.
"Where is this place?" Xi Youqin also asked curiously. In fact, from the bottom of her heart, it didn't matter where this place was. However, seeing that Luo Zheng seemed to want to give them a surprise, Xi Youqin of course had to 'suit' the occasion and ask.
As for Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, they were really curious. They looked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Follow me!" After saying that, he was about to lead the way.
Just as he took two steps, he suddenly heard Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun scream. Ning Yudie's body erupted with true energy. She looked behind her with extreme vigilance. Behind the barrier, dozens of majestic leopards appeared!
Like the white tiger that Luo Zheng encountered, these leopards were extremely huge. Just the fangs they revealed when they opened their mouths were already as tall as a person!
"Are there wild beasts again?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He said, "Don't worry, these wild beasts can't come in. Once they touch the barrier, they will die!"
As he spoke, he sized up these leopards. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a Xiantian warrior. Naturally, he couldn't distinguish the white tiger's cultivation level. However, now that Luo Zheng had broken through the Life and Death Realm, they couldn't be mentioned in the same breath.
However, after sizing up these leopards, he was shocked. He still couldn't detect the cultivation level of these leopards!
According to the division of cultivation level, a tenth level vicious beast was equivalent to the Life and Death Realm, an eleventh level vicious beast was equivalent to the Spirit Sea Realm, and a twelfth level vicious beast was equivalent to the Extreme Divine Realm experts …
With Luo Zheng's current eyesight, he could distinguish the cultivation level of a Spirit Sea Realm expert, or even the Extreme Divine Realm expert. However, Luo Zheng still couldn't see the cultivation level of these leopards. This could only mean one thing. The cultivation level of these leopards was still beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
It seemed that the location of this immortal mansion, as well as this world, was still at a level that Luo Zheng couldn't fathom.
No wonder even with Daoist Tian Miao's strength, he couldn't truly control this immortal mansion. He only had an extra token with the word "Zhen" on it.
"Roar … Roar …"
Those leopards let out deep roars and slowly approached the barrier.
When Su Lingyun and Xi Youqin heard Luo Zheng's words, they didn't look so nervous. The two girls firmly believed Luo Zheng's words. If he said it was safe behind the barrier, then it must be safe.
As for Ning Yudie, her face was still a bit pale. Of course, she also believed Luo Zheng's words. However, the higher her cultivation level, the more she could sense the strength of these vicious beasts. These huge leopards actually had cultivation levels that she couldn't see through. How could Ning Yudie not be surprised?
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's expression was indifferent. If these leopards dared to pounce, their final fate would be the same as the white tiger three years ago. They would become nothing more than a corpse.
However, these leopards circled back and forth outside the barrier. They seemed to be very afraid of this barrier. In the end, they stayed outside the barrier and roared helplessly. They didn't choose to throw away their lives.
The spiritual intelligence of vicious beasts and their strength didn't have a linear relationship. Some vicious beasts had very low cultivation levels, but their spiritual intelligence was abnormally high. They were even more intelligent than humans. There were also some vicious beasts that were incomparably strong, but their spiritual intelligence was still in an undeveloped stage.
These leopards were a bit smarter than the white tiger that threw away its life. However, it seemed that they weren't that smart. Otherwise, they wouldn't have stayed in front of the barrier and wasted time.
"Let's go!" Luo Zheng went up and grabbed Ning Yudie's hand.
Seeing this scene, Xi Youqin ran over with a smile. "I want it too!" She took the initiative to grab Luo Zheng's hand.
As for Su Lingyun, she just smiled faintly and silently followed behind.
As they walked forward, an immortal mansion appeared in front of them. The gate of the immortal mansion was thousands of feet high. Even a giant as big as a mountain could pass through it without a hitch.
"What a huge immortal mansion!" Ning Yudie said in amazement.
"The person who lives in this immortal mansion must be really tall …" Xi Youqin sighed.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and took the lead to step through the gate. Not long after they walked along the spacious square, the ground suddenly began to tremble.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
Following this, two enormous puppets dashed out from the inner courtyard!
Seeing such huge puppets, the three women gasped softly.
"Husband …"
"Luo Zheng …"
However, Luo Zheng instantly took out a token from his pocket. It was the "Xun" token he received from Afo when he left the immortal mansion. Afo said that this "Xun" token would allow him to control the outer court and let him enter without a hitch.
It was just a simple token. Nominally, he was the owner of this immortal mansion, but Luo Zheng didn't have any authority …
The moment Luo Zheng took out the token, the two huge puppets suddenly slowed down. Although they were still walking, it was obvious that they had no intention of attacking.
"Dong dong dong …"
The two huge puppets actually walked up to Luo Zheng and knelt down on one knee.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, then called out to Ning Yudie and the others and continued to walk into the inner court.
In fact, with Luo Zheng's current strength, these puppets couldn't hurt Luo Zheng at all. It was just that he had the immortal mansion's token, so he naturally wouldn't waste any effort in front of these puppets.
After entering the inner court, they saw a huge pond in front of them. Countless koi fish were swimming in the pond.
With the token in hand, Luo Zheng led the three women straight in. They walked directly into the huge pavilion, then moved the statues in the pavilion at will and arranged them according to a certain pattern. It was easy to pass through the pavilion.
Then, Luo Zheng's voice sounded. "Luo Zheng, long time no see. I've been waiting for you for four years."
Not far away stood a middle-aged man in a brocade robe. It was Afo, whom he hadn't seen for several years.
This Afo was a puppet, but hidden in the puppet was a genuine soul!
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded to Afo. "Long time no see."