As soon as Afo said this, Ning Yudie's eyes widened in shock.
In four years, he reached the Life and Death Realm from the Innate Mystic Realm, and he only said "not bad"?
This kind of speed could be said to be rare in the world, alright?
At least as far as Ning Yudie knew, no genius in the Central Domain had ever achieved this kind of speed!
How high was this Afo's standards?
However, what he said next surprised Ning Yudie even more. Afo sighed and said, "I can see that although you've only reached the Life and Death Realm, your foundation is far more stable than ordinary warriors. Your strength is comparable to the Divine Sea Realm. But it's still not enough. You can't break the barrier of True Extinction, and you can't walk the Path of True Extinction. Although I'm a little disappointed, you should cultivate for a few more years before coming back!"
"Not enough …" Ning Yudie was speechless. Was this still the Eastern Domain? Even Life and Death Realm cultivators weren't qualified. What kind of inheritance was this?
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng wasn't upset at all. He smiled and said, "What if I had this token?"
Then, Luo Zheng took out another token from his Sumeru Ring. The word "Zhen" was engraved on the token in Luo Zheng's hand.
Luo Zheng got this token from Daoist Tian Miao. Daoist Tian Miao had already passed the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, and only left a wisp of his soul. It was useless for him to have this token, so he gave it to Luo Zheng. He told Luo Zheng that with this token, he could open the Path of True Extinction.
This Immortal's Mansion was of great importance. Before going to the Upper World, Luo Zheng had tried his best to control this Immortal's Mansion. Luo Zheng had no choice but to take a trip to the Real Impasse.
Afo glanced at the token in Luo Zheng's hand and said with a wooden expression, "That's Tian Miao's token. He … should have already died. I didn't expect him to give you the 'Zhen' token. With the 'Zhen' token, you don't need to open the True Extinction Barrier and can directly enter the True Extinction Path. But with your strength, even if you enter the True Extinction Path, I'm afraid you won't be able to pass the first stage."
"What are the benefits of passing the first stage?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed as he asked.
Afo answered, "There are eight tokens in total: Qian, Kun, Kan, Li, Zhen, Xun, Gen, and Dui. Apart from the Qian and Kun tokens, the other six tokens can all be obtained."
"Six tokens? But I already have the 'Zhen' and 'Xun' tokens. What if they're the same … "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Afo smiled faintly, "That depends on your luck. If they're the same, then they're the same."
Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of helplessness, and then he asked, "But what's the use of the other tokens?"
Afo waved his hand, "The 'Xun' character goes to the front courtyard, allowing you to enter the Immortal's Mansion at will. The 'Zhen' character opens the True Extinction Path, allowing you to enter the True Extinction Path. The 'Dui' character smells the medicine chest, allowing you to open the alchemy room. The 'Li' character cleaves the weapon, allowing you to control the weapon-refining workshop. The 'Kan' character is all-knowing, allowing you to enter the library. The 'Gen' character …"
With this answer, Luo Zheng suddenly understood. These six characters could gradually control everything in the Immortal's Mansion, but each character could only correspond to one thing.
He didn't know why the first owner of the Immortal's Mansion set it up like this. It was really a bit difficult!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng opened his mouth again, "Then what's the use of the two characters' Qiankun '?"
Afo continued to smile faintly, "Ask me again when you gather the first six characters. I won't tell you now."
Luo Zheng shrugged. He also knew Afo's duty. If he didn't want to answer, he wouldn't answer no matter how many questions he asked. No matter what, he had to take the True Extinction Path. When he discovered the Immortal's Mansion, he didn't get anything except the Sun, Moon, and Stars Map.
As for the weapon-refining workshop, alchemy room, library … Don't even think about it. Even the current Luo Zheng couldn't force his way in.
Now that Luo Zheng had to prepare for ascension, he certainly couldn't back down.
"Is the True Extinction Path dangerous?" Xi Youqin asked worriedly. Although she knew that even if there was danger, Luo Zheng wouldn't back down at all, she still asked.
Afo replied, "Whether the True Extinction Path is dangerous or not depends on Luo Zheng himself …"
After all, the greater the reward, the greater the risk. This was the case every time Luo Zheng went on an adventure. If there were no risks, wouldn't everyone be able to get it? If everyone could get it, how good would it be?
Luo Zheng was about to let Afo guide him into the True Extinction Path, but at this time, an idea flashed in his mind. He said, "Last time I passed the trial, can others also choose to take the trial?"
Ning Yudie had her own cultivation method. She visualized an ice phoenix, but this didn't mean that the visualization diagrams in the Immortal Mansion were useless to Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. If the three women could also enter the trial and get their own visualization diagrams, that would be great.
Afo nodded and said, "Yes, but they won't be able to get the token."
Luo Zheng was now the nominal owner of this Immortal Mansion. Only he was qualified to get the token. The previous owner of this Immortal Mansion was Taoist Priest Tian Mo. When Luo Zheng entered the mansion, Taoist Priest Tian Mo had already passed the Five Decay of Heaven. In fact, he was already dead. Only a wisp of his soul remained. Therefore, Luo Zheng was qualified to get the token. Now, unless Luo Zheng died, no one else was qualified to be recognized by Immortal Mansion again.
"Okay, I understand." Luo Zheng nodded seriously. He looked back at the three women. He asked Afo for an answer, but he didn't know if the three women would agree.
Sure enough, the three women had different reactions.
After Ning Yudie learned about the opportunity in the trial, she was very enthusiastic. As the beloved daughter of the Cloud Hall, someone as outstanding as her wasn't afraid of any trial or challenge!
As for Su Lingyun, a hesitant expression emerged on her face. Among the three women, she had the lowest cultivation base, and was only at the fourth level of the Divine Reflection realm. Although she was willing to participate in the trial, she didn't have the confidence to pass. Afo told Su Lingyun that the difficulty of the trial would be adjusted according to one's cultivation base, so she didn't need to worry too much.
The last one was Xi Youqin. Right now, Xi Youqin was as strong as two people. Although she was indeed a Divine Core warrior, if she didn't use the abilities of the Extreme Purple Realm, perhaps even Su Lingyun would be no match for her … Her cultivation base was all accumulated with resources, and her foundation wasn't stable at all!
"Can I use external forces?" Xi Youqin asked.
Afo threw a glance at Xi Youqin. "You seem to have the Heavenly Purple Body, and there are nodes hidden in your body that allow you to connect to the outside world …" After saying that, Afo shook his head. "You can't use external forces."
When Afo mentioned the Extreme Purple Yin Body, it seemed like he had changed the way he described it. Xi Youqin didn't care about the Heavenly Purple Body. Since she couldn't use external forces, she might as well give up on it. With her current strength, she wouldn't be able to pass the trial.
Xi Youqin had chosen to give up on the trial, and Luo Zheng couldn't persuade her either. Under Afo's lead, Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun were the first to go through the trial.
The trial didn't last long. After half an hour, the two girls actually passed!
However, Ning Yudie's expression was calm, and she looked very relaxed. Su Lingyun, on the other hand, was very reluctant. Even after leaving the illusion used for the trial, her face was still pale. It was only after Luo Zheng gave her a calming pill that she calmed down.
Ning Yudie obtained the Flying Birds in Clouds Diagram, which was second only to the Sun, Moon, and Stars Diagram.
However, her talent and strength were already very strong, so it wasn't surprising that she obtained this result. As for Su Lingyun, it was surprising that she obtained the third ranked Nine Heavens Reincarnation Diagram!
Seeing that Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun both obtained their own visualization diagrams, Xi Youqin felt a little unbalanced. However, she knew that if it wasn't for the Extreme Purple Yin Body, her strength wouldn't be enough. When she entered the Indefinite Tower in the future, she would cultivate well with Indefinite Old Man. She didn't want Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun to look down on her.