"This wall is the True Precipice Barrier," Afo said while looking at the pale yellow wall.
Luo Zheng stepped forward and touched the wall. The path ahead was blocked by this barrier. According to Afo, if they wanted to go to the True Precipice Barrier, they had to open it.
However, Luo Zheng had the "Tremor" token, so he was qualified to pass through the True Precipice Barrier.
Looking at the pale yellow wall, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, "Can I really not break through this barrier?"
"You can try," Afo smiled.
However, Ning Yudie, who was at the back, suddenly said, "Can I try?"
"No problem," Afo said.
Seeing Ning Yudie's interest, Luo Zheng smiled and stepped aside.
Ning Yudie was also competitive. She and Luo Zheng were both 1st layer Life and Death realm. In Ning Yudie's eyes, there might be a gap between her and Luo Zheng, but the gap shouldn't be too big. She wanted to test it out.
After everyone stepped aside, Ning Yudie lightly stepped forward and stood in front of the True Precipice Barrier. She gazed forward, and the Zhen Yuan in her body began to surge.
"Yo!"
Ice crystals began to condense, and an ice phoenix appeared beside Ning Yudie.
Fu said indifferently, "The Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra is not a bad technique. However, this technique cannot be fully mastered. It can be considered incomplete."
Hearing Afo's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and Ning Yudie's heart also jumped.
In the Central Domain, Ning Yudie's cultivation method was definitely top tier. However, Afo's standards were unimaginably high. To be able to get "not bad" from Afo's mouth, this Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra was probably an extremely powerful cultivation method. However, he said that it was incomplete?
This Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra was a cultivation method that Ning Yudie's master, Granny Yu, passed on to her. As for the origin of this cultivation method, even Granny Yu didn't know, let alone Ning Yudie.
"Incomplete?" Ning Yudie asked curiously.
Afo nodded again, "Yes, this Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra isn't complete. I've read thousands of cultivation methods in the library, so there's no mistake."
Even if it was incomplete, there was no way. Ning Yudie could only grit her teeth and persevere.
Thinking of this, Ning Yudie's finger lightly twirled, and the ice phoenix coiled around her arm. Then, under her gaze, a cold aura emitted from her body!
"As expected of the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall, such a powerful aura!" Su Lingyun exclaimed. Ning Yudie's strength was indeed much higher than hers. It was a realm that Su Lingyun couldn't even imagine.
As for Xi Youqin, she snorted faintly. She only said in her heart, "What's so great about that? Wait until I enter the Unpredictable Tower, then …"
The ice phoenix in Ning Yudie's hand spiraled faster and faster, and the cold aura it emitted also became more and more piercing. The temperature within several zhang of her also plummeted.
Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun couldn't bear the cold aura emitted, but Luo Zheng casually waved his hand, and a Protective True Yuan spread out, shielding the two behind him.
Then, Ning Yudie's figure suddenly flashed, and the fist in her hand was aimed at the True Precipice Barrier …
"Rumble …"
The fist struck, and a snow-white imprint spread out on the True Precipice Barrier. However, after the imprint appeared, it didn't spread. Instead, it began to condense and shrink, and finally disappeared.
Looking at Ning Yudie's fist, Luo Zheng nodded. Because the fist struck the True Precipice Barrier, it didn't seem to have a strong effect. In fact, the might of Ning Yudie's fist was something that no one in the Central Domain could withstand. Even Granny Yu and a few Life and Death rogue cultivators couldn't deal with it.
She only broke through the Life and Death realm after dispersing her cultivation nine times. This strength was indeed astonishing!
Looking at the result of her attack, Ning Yudie faintly smiled and shook her head. Although she had already expected this result, she didn't think that the True Precipice Barrier wouldn't budge in the slightest. Ning Yudie still felt a little shocked.
Then, Ning Yudie walked to the side. This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn.
He walked forward and touched the True Precipice Barrier. He felt that the barrier contained a trace of mysterious power of law, but it wasn't the Source Law. After thinking for a moment, he asked, "This True Precipice Barrier contains the Law of Karma, right?"
Afo nodded, "This is a Law of Karma barrier that master casually set up. With your current strength, you can't penetrate this Law of Karma. If you don't want to waste time, I think it's better to use the" Zhen "token."
Luo Zheng faintly smiled.
With the "Zhen" token, Luo Zheng could choose to take a shortcut. However, Luo Zheng knew that cultivators who liked to take shortcuts were never qualified cultivators! There were some things that one couldn't help but take shortcuts, but there were some shortcuts that one had to avoid. As a cultivator, one had to constantly review one's strength and challenge one's limits. Those who took advantage of shortcuts might be able to take a short lead, but in the end, they would lose big for small gains. Cultivators who relied purely on shortcuts wouldn't be able to go far in the end!
Therefore, unless Luo Zheng really couldn't do anything to the True Precipice Barrier, he would use the "Zhen" token to open it.
Standing in front of the True Precipice Barrier and looking at the pale yellow transparent wall, Luo Zheng took a deep breath. Then, the dragon scales in his body lit up one by one. Surging dragon scale energy crazily poured into Luo Zheng's body.
One thousand …
Two thousand …
Three thousand …
Four thousand …
Five thousand!
After consolidating his cultivation base, Luo Zheng's body could only contain five thousand dragon scales.
Last time, when he had just broken through to the Life and Death Realm, five thousand dragon scales almost caused his body to explode. This time, although Luo Zheng felt that his body was a little uncomfortable, he could still bear it.
"Ka Ka Ka …"
Luo Zheng's joints, due to the influx of power, issued bursting sounds. His body also began to expand, and his entire body suddenly doubled in size!
Seeing this scene, Ning Yudie said worriedly, "Husband, don't force yourself!"
Su Lingyun, on the other hand, stared blankly at Luo Zheng. The aura that erupted from Luo Zheng's body almost made her unable to breathe.
In the Eastern Domain, there was naturally no one who was worthy of Luo Zheng's attention. Su Lingyun knew that Luo Zheng had become very strong, but she couldn't imagine how strong he had become!
Now, after seeing Luo Zheng condense his power, his entire body underwent a huge transformation. How strong was his aura? If a warrior like Shi Jingtian were to face Luo Zheng, he might not even be able to stand steadily!
In just a few years, he had become so strong. In the future, what kind of person would Luo Zheng become? Perhaps even a small Central Domain wouldn't be able to restrain him.
Su Lingyun pondered in her heart. She still couldn't imagine it … At the same time, a strong sense of crisis emerged in her heart.
What she didn't know was that two months ago, Xi Youqin had already had a premonition after being reminded by that old man Wu Ming. That was why Xi Youqin had a cultivation plan and chose to go to the Indefinite Tower to become a disciple of Wu Ming.
The biggest problem was that Xi Youqin had a way to deal with it because of her physique. But what about her, Su Lingyun? How could she follow in Luo Zheng's footsteps?
She suddenly remembered that when Luo Zheng first stepped into the Blue Cloud Sect, she was competing with the old man who presided over the assessment for Luo Zheng. She could only look up to this young man …
Thinking of this, Su Lingyun even had a trace of sadness in her heart. Although Luo Zheng had returned and expressed his intentions, she couldn't do anything. She was like a puppet who couldn't change anything.
Just as Su Lingyun was pondering, Luo Zheng's fist suddenly shot out!
"Huhu …"
The powerful force stimulated a violent airflow. Su Lingyun and Xi Youqin couldn't stand steadily. As for Ning Yudie and Afo, they stood quietly on the spot and looked at Luo Zheng's fist.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng's fist smashed into the True Precipice Barrier. The barrier trembled and cracks appeared on it. However, the cracks repaired themselves in an instant. Luo Zheng's punch should have failed.
＝＝＝＝＝