Seeing this, Ning Yudie pursed her lips and said to Afo, "I'm afraid this barrier can't be opened at all!"
The power of Luo Zheng's terrifying punch was also beyond Ning Yudie's expectations, but it still couldn't break the barrier. She felt that Afo was just toying with them.
Facing Ning Yudie's question, Afo's expression was calm. "Luo Zheng can't break it, but that doesn't mean others can't."
"Hmph, if even Luo Zheng can't break it, who else can?" Xi Youqin was also unconvinced. The three of them were trying their best to protect their husband's face …
Afo couldn't be bothered with these women's pestering. He said to Luo Zheng, "Since you've already tried, use the 'Tremor' token. I've already said that you can't open the True Precipice Barrier with your strength."
However, Luo Zheng chuckled and said, "No need!" After saying that, a pickaxe suddenly appeared in his hand.
Seeing the pickaxe in Luo Zheng's hand, Afo's face revealed a trace of surprise. "Black Star?"
Luo Zheng nodded. This time, he waved the pickaxe in his hand and smashed it at the True Precipice Barrier!
"Clang!"
The True Precipice Barrier was smashed into pieces by the Black Star Pickaxe. The extremely sturdy barrier was like a piece of paper in front of the Black Star Pickaxe.
Then, Luo Zheng said, "You've been staying in this divine mansion all this time. How do you know about this pickaxe?"
Fu smiled faintly, and the surprise on his face gradually disappeared. He only said, "In this universe, there are many bored people who have created all kinds of Divine Weapon Lists. However, the most popular one is the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele. After this Myriad Spirit Stele was created, all the major clans also had copies of it. Whenever a Sovereign Divine Weapon appears, it will be sensed by the Myriad Spirit Stele, and the name will appear on the stele …"
"Universal Myriad Spirit Stele?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Afo nodded and continued, "If I'm not mistaken, the Blackstar Pickaxe is a supreme artifact, and it's ranked around nine hundred. The Blackstar Pickaxe's causal law is indeed of the upper level, but it's still just a pickaxe. It can't unleash its true power. If it had been made into an axe or a sword, it would have been two or three hundred ranks higher."
After hearing the ranking, Luo Zheng nodded. He knew very little about the Upper Realm, so he was very curious about the Myriad Spirit Stele. He asked, "Are there over ten thousand weapons on the Myriad Spirit Stele? Are they all supreme divine artifacts? "
Afo shook his head and said, "There aren't many supreme divine artifacts in this universe. A small universe can't hold over ten thousand supreme divine artifacts."
"A small universe …" Luo Zheng's face showed astonishment. There were over a hundred thousand great realms in this universe, and each great realm was so vast that Luo Zheng couldn't even imagine it. Afo thought that the universe was small? From its words, Luo Zheng obtained a piece of information. There seemed to be an end to this universe. What was at the end of the universe? What was beyond the end?
This question had risen to the level that Luo Zheng couldn't understand, but it wasn't something that Luo Zheng needed to explore now. He wanted to know more about the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele.
"As long as you forge a supreme divine artifact, it can be listed in the top three thousand of the Myriad Spirit Stele. After three thousand, it's a superior divine artifact. However, the weapons in the top ten of the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele are very special. When you ascend to the Upper Realm in the future, you'll naturally know," Afo said, "Besides, I haven't peeked into the Myriad Spirit Stele for a long time. The stele isn't made of cold stone, and the weapons on it constantly change according to the stele's reaction. After so many years, this Blackstar Pickaxe that can only be used for mining has probably fallen out of the top one thousand."
Luo Zheng nodded silently. The Blackstar Pickaxe didn't exist as a weapon for Luo Zheng, but it did play a big role in many situations. "Alright, in the end, I used the Blackstar Pickaxe to break the True Impasse. Now take me to the True Impasse!"
Afo nodded, "Follow me."
Under Afo's lead, Luo Zheng and the three girls continued forward. Just as Daoist Tian Miao had said, this Holy Abode was actually much bigger than Luo Zheng had imagined.
After walking for a while, Luo Zheng saw that the surrounding scenery had quietly changed. The original high walls and green tiles could no longer be seen. The surroundings were all open, and all kinds of exotic flowers and plants bloomed on both sides. As for the middle, there was a small country road!
It was just a ridge that was commonly seen in small villages, but this ridge was so thin that only one person could pass through it. It stretched all the way into the distance, and the edge couldn't be seen.
"We're here," Afo said.
Seeing this thin ridge, Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and the other girls all had strange expressions on their faces. "This … is the True Impasse?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask.
Ah Fu nodded. "That's right. There are a total of six stages in this Path of True Despair. Every time you pass a stage, you'll be able to obtain a token. However, I advise you to only challenge the first stage because the later stages aren't something you can pass with your current strength."
"It's just a thin ridge, what's so hard about it?" Xi Youqin smiled.
"You can try," Afo's mind was a little numb, but he was still a living soul after all. When he heard this, he said indifferently.
"Then I'll give it a try!" Xi Youqin smiled, then really stepped onto the ridge.
However, Luo Zheng pulled Xi Youqin back and asked, "Will this True Impasse be life-threatening?"
"The True Impasse isn't an illusion. All the challenges are real, and they can be life-threatening," Afo said, "Generally speaking, this True Impasse is prepared for cultivators above the Spirit Sea realm. Of course, a small number of excellent Life and Death realm cultivators can also go on it, but they can only finish the first stage at most."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng directly pulled Xi Youqin back. Fortunately, he managed to grab her. With Xi Youqin's current strength, she probably wouldn't be able to last long on the True Path of Despair.
Afo's words made Ning Yudie and the others worried. The three girls didn't want Luo Zheng to risk his life. Su Lingyun couldn't help but stop him, "Luo Zheng, if it's too dangerous, why don't you give up this time and come back when your cultivation has improved?"
Ning Yudie also frowned and nodded. It was indeed unwise to rashly challenge someone who had just broken through the Life and Death realm.
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment as he gazed at the fields that stretched far into the distance. During the dual cultivation ceremony, the mysterious old man had fed him an elixir. At that time, there had been no reaction, but in the following period of time, Luo Zheng was surprised to find that a wonderful change had taken place in his Dantian. His True Yuan, which had been gradually solidifying, now seemed to show signs of liquefying. Moreover, he could feel that the speed of his cultivation had increased by several times.
Although the old man said it with disdain and regarded the pill as trash, Luo Zheng knew that the pill had unlocked its intelligence. It could even run away and attack people. Its strength was even not bad. No matter how trashy the pill was, its effects were beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
In short, Luo Zheng's cultivation speed had greatly increased. Although he had spent most of his time with Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin and only spent a small part of his time on cultivation, Luo Zheng had already faintly felt that his cultivation was slowly reaching its limit. He was afraid that he would have to accept the second minor tribulation and break through to the second layer of the Life and Death realm.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, it would not be difficult for him to return to the Western Domain from the Central Domain and enter the Immortal Mansion. Ning Yudie's words made sense.
But Luo Zheng still shook his head, "Since I'm already here, how can I give up so easily?"
Afo smiled faintly, "I know you won't give up, so I'm just giving you a hint. Your true strength is comparable to the Divine Sea Realm, so you might be able to break through the first layer of the True Path of Extinction. It's not bad to just get a token. After all, just opening the Tool Refining Workshop or the Library Pavilion is enough for you to benefit a lot. It's worth a try."
Xi Youqin said unhappily, "What if Luo Zheng gets hurt? Will you be responsible?"