Luo Zheng could sense Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie's worries. He comforted them confidently, "Trust me, it'll be fine!"
The three women's expressions were different, but since Luo Zheng had already made his decision, how could they interfere?
Moreover, this was how the world worked. As a cultivator, apart from Xi Youqin, who grew up in a honeypot, who would be absolutely safe? Su Lingyun had also experienced life and death several times. As for Ning Yudie, she was rescued by Luo Zheng from the brink of death …
As Luo Zheng stepped onto the True Path of Extinction, Ning Yudie said seriously, "My husband's luck is unparalleled. I believe he'll pass it smoothly."
Ning Yudie didn't follow Luo Zheng overseas, but Luo Zheng had left several times. She didn't know how many dangers he had experienced, but she believed in Luo Zheng's strength and luck!
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the True Path of Extinction, mist emerged from both sides of the ridge. The mist was divided into two colors, black and white. The mist on Luo Zheng's left was black, while the mist on his right was white.
"This mist gives off a very strange feeling." Luo Zheng felt a strange feeling in the mist, as if it could transform into anything in the world.
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, Afo's voice drifted into Luo Zheng's ears, "This is the Yin and Yang Qi. It was deduced by the first person, the Palace Master. You, be careful."
When the heavens and earth were first created, everything was in chaos. This was called the Infinite. The Infinite gave birth to the Taiji, which gave birth to the Yin and Yang. The Yin and Yang gave birth to the Four Divisions. The Four Divisions gave birth to the East, South, West, and North. The Eight Trigrams gave birth to the 64 Hexagrams. This evolution was endless …
The Yin and Yang Qi. If he continued to pursue it like this, he might be able to touch upon the origin of the entire world. However, Luo Zheng couldn't see through its mysteries!
However, at this stage, Luo Zheng didn't need to see through it. What he needed to do was to keep moving forward on this path of true despair.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's feet stirred up the wind, and his figure sped forward like a shuttle!
However, the Yin and Yang energies surged over, turning into strange flowers and plants that swept towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change. A longsword suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. The longsword swung from the left, bursting with a sharp sword intent. Then, it spun to the right. Holding the sword with one hand, the sword intent alternated between left and right, protecting Luo Zheng's entire body.
As the sword light spun, the strange flowers and plants formed by the Yin and Yang energies were minced into powder. In an instant, they reverted back to black and white mist, then solidified into all kinds of strange plants and continued to spread towards Luo Zheng.
"The pressure isn't that great." Luo Zheng relaxed a little. With the protection of the sword intent, his speed soared all the way. As he flew, he turned his head and looked back. The scenery behind him had disappeared. Xi Youqin, Ning Yudie, and Su Lingyun were shrouded in the boundless black and white mist. He strolled alone on this ridge path. A sense of loneliness assaulted Luo Zheng.
As Luo Zheng continued to rush forward, the creatures formed by the Yin and Yang energies became more and more plentiful. There were some small but numerous insects. There were many kinds of insects, and Luo Zheng could only barely recognize a few of them. For example, butterflies, dragonflies, beetles, and other creatures. However, there were even more insects with strange shapes and disgusting appearances …
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
As the sword intent swept out, these insects were minced into pieces. As more and more insects poured out, their bodies became larger and larger. Some of them were the size of a fist. Even Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact had a hard time cutting through their thick carapaces. Clanking sounds could be heard.
However, although there were many insects, they still couldn't stop Luo Zheng. His speed didn't slow down at all. Instead, it became faster and faster!
As he sprinted, the waves of insects gradually dispersed and were replaced by many reptiles, such as lizards and snakes …
At this point, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. "This True Path of Extinction … seems to be arranged according to the evolutionary path of creatures …"
The creatures of the universe didn't appear out of thin air. After the creatures of every race were born, they would multiply and multiply for generations. They would constantly evolve, erase their own flaws, strengthen their own strengths, and become even more powerful …
Survival of the fittest, natural selection …
Among them, there were countless creatures that Luo Zheng hadn't seen before. Perhaps they had already become extinct in this world and had become a eliminated race. Others had evolved into a more powerful race.
However, what was the purpose of this True Path of Extinction?
"Hiss …"
On both sides of the True Path of Extinction, the Yin and Yang Qi transformed into reptiles of different colors and sizes. They continued to rush toward Luo Zheng! Just like the insects and plants before, these low-level creatures posed no threat to Luo Zheng. He was still running as fast as flying.
However, after passing through this area, the difficulty of the True Path of Extinction began to increase abruptly.
The Yin and Yang Qi on both sides began to condense into many fierce beasts, such as lions, tigers, leopards, mastiffs …
"Kill!" Luo Zheng's expression was calm. However, any fierce beast that dared to approach him was easily killed by him.
After these fierce beasts were all killed by Luo Zheng, primate creatures gradually began to appear on the True Path of Extinction. There were monkeys, gorillas, baboons, and some human-like creatures …
The offensive strength of these living beings couldn't even compare to ferocious beasts. However, they had developed intelligence. They held clubs in their hands, threw rocks at Luo Zheng, and even used fire. Even though it was extremely primitive, Luo Zheng knew that the reason why the humans and all other humanoid races such as the devil race, the Yao Clan, the Giants, and so on and so forth were able to reach their current level of strength was because they had developed a trace of intelligence in the past.
However, who was the one who bestowed this intelligence upon him?
There was still no answer. Continue to kill!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
This level of attack was completely futile against Luo Zheng.
Under the frenzied killing, these primate creatures gradually disappeared. However, after that, numerous tall and strong humans appeared!
"Humans? They don't seem to be … "
These creatures looked very similar to humans. However, when Luo Zheng looked at them, he immediately refuted his own judgment.
They were much taller than humans. Every muscle and bone on their bodies were just right. Their pointy ears made them seem like members of the Demon Race. However, their eyes and skin were similar to those of the Demon Race. In addition, their backs were covered with dark green scales. Although they weren't beautiful, they could completely protect them against attacks from their backs.
Putting aside their strength, Luo Zheng sensed a perfect aura from them. What kind of race was this? How could there be such a perfect race? Luo Zheng revealed a curious expression.
In the past, Luo Zheng believed that the most perfect race was the Demon Race. They were born with pure bodies without the slightest impurity. They were Xiantian lifeforms. However, this race also had some flaws. They didn't have the ability to reproduce. Although there were many geniuses in the race, their population was small. Overall, the number of experts and geniuses born was far less than that of the human race. In short, each race had its advantages and disadvantages …
However, Luo Zheng was rather puzzled by the race before him. This race seemed to have the advantages of many other races. Why hadn't Luo Zheng heard of this race before?
While he was puzzling over this, the near-perfect race had already charged towards Luo Zheng.
These creatures seemed to have mastered a certain level of combat skills. When they attacked, they directly attacked Luo Zheng's vital points!
"Hmph!"
Luo Zheng coldly harrumphed, then he threw out a punch towards one of the men. He didn't use the strength of the dragon scale, as he was still in the early stages of the True Path of Despair. Therefore, Luo Zheng was confident that he could instantly kill this man with this punch.
However, when Luo Zheng's punch hit back, the man in the lead suddenly curled up his body, removing part of Luo Zheng's strength. At the same time, his bones started twisting at an incredible angle. A painful expression emerged on the man's face. After rolling a few times on the ground, his broken body actually started recovering …
Witnessing this scene, Luo Zheng was shocked.
Luo Zheng felt this race was perfect. However, none of them had ever cultivated. Even though their bodies were pure, without any cultivation, they were still just Xiantian lifeforms.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's punch, let alone a Xiantian lifeform, he could even kill a Divine Core warrior with this punch!
But, this guy had just used his body's flexibility to remove more than half of his strength. Not only that, he was still able to crawl back up from the ground unscathed!
How did he do this?