It wasn't that Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to these guys. After all, he was a warrior who had broken through the Life and Death realm. Killing them was a piece of cake.
It was just that these creatures could rely on their physical bodies and instincts to negate his power. This was simply unimaginable.
Even if Luo Zheng had been a Xiantian lifeform, there was absolutely no reason for him to be able to survive a punch from the current him … But this person had forcibly dispersed his strength. Although it looked like he was struggling, and perhaps he was already heavily injured, he was still alive and kicking!
Swoosh swoosh swoosh …
The others also shot towards Luo Zheng. However, these people didn't cultivate any techniques. If they were placed in the Central Domain, they would be at the level of ordinary mortals. Even so, they were still able to block Luo Zheng's next punch!
Bang bang bang …
Luo Zheng deliberately didn't increase his power. These people were instantly sent flying by Luo Zheng. However, without exception, they all climbed up from the ground with faint smiles on their faces.
"These guys can think? Or is it the deliberate work of the first person who set up the Path of Extinction? "
Without thinking too much, Luo Zheng erupted the vital essence in his body. When these people appeared again, his attacks were unusually fierce!
Puff puff puff …
This time, anyone who approached was directly blown up by Luo Zheng, their bodies turning into a cloud of blood mist!
"Golden blood?" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched.
If Luo Zheng remembered correctly, golden blood seemed to only exist in the Demi-Immortal Clan. After joining the Demi-Immortal Clan, the most important thing was to change one's blood. However, the old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan didn't want to bring him into the Demi-Immortal Clan, so he didn't help him change his blood.
There must be a great connection between the two …
Under Luo Zheng's heavy blows, these people exploded one after another. First, they turned into a bloody mist. Then, the bloody mist dispersed and transformed into Yin and Yang energy. Then, they condensed into human figures and rushed towards Luo Zheng again.
When they rushed over again, both their speed and strength had increased dramatically!
"Vital essence!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock.
He clearly felt that the moment these people rushed over, they erupted with fierce vital essence. Moreover, their moves were similar to Luo Zheng's!
These guys were actually copying him?
"Explode for me!"
Even if they erupted with vital essence, how could they shake Luo Zheng with the strength of Xiantian realm experts? Under the surge of power in his body, Luo Zheng's strength once again increased to another level.
However, as Luo Zheng's strength increased, the strength of these people also increased rapidly!
Xiantian …
Divine Illuminating Realm …
Void realm …
Life and death realm!
As these near-perfect clansmen grew stronger and stronger, Luo Zheng felt more and more pressure.
Puff puff puff …
The True Path of Despair was only a gap less than a shoulder wide. Luo Zheng couldn't dodge left and right. Several people in front of him joined forces and directly pushed Luo Zheng back a few steps.
At this time, Luo Zheng realized that he shouldn't focus on fighting these guys. His goal was to pass the True Path of Despair. He didn't know how many stages he could pass, but it was clearly unwise to tangle with them here.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng erupted with the power of dragon scales, shattering those people. Then, vital essence suddenly erupted from his body. At the same time, his vital essence circulated!
"Chasing Cloud Movement Technique!"
Although Luo Zheng had only grasped the first level of the Law of Wind, he'd already grasped the basics of the Wind Escape Technique he'd learned from Feng Nianyun. After returning to the Central Domain, he'd comprehend it on his own. Erupting like this, the wind around him changed direction. He was like a falling leaf drifting in the wind. Under such rapid speed, he didn't feel any wind resistance.
In almost a breath's time, Luo Zheng had already left those people far behind him!
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that Afo, Ning Yudie, and the other two girls had been watching Luo Zheng all this time.
He'd been running like this for a long time, but in the eyes of Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, he seemed to be in a stationary state. They only saw Luo Zheng running, but he didn't move at all.
Afo looked at Luo Zheng and said indifferently, "Luo Zheng can still hold on now. He seems to have discovered something. But it'll be difficult for him to continue …"
After Luo Zheng circulated his vital essence, his speed did indeed skyrocket. However, the people formed by Yin and Yang Qi around him also rapidly increased their speed!
"Vital essence … as expected!"
When Luo Zheng circulated his vital essence, those people also had vital essence.
The troublesome thing was that these people's cultivation had also risen to the first stage of the Life and Death realm, exactly the same as Luo Zheng!
The problem was that these people couldn't be judged by the standards of ordinary warriors. Even Xiantian lifeforms could use their physical advantages to withstand Luo Zheng's attacks. This race was innately stronger than the human race, and even far stronger than the Demon Night Clan, Demon Race, and all other races!
Facing such opponents, one could imagine the pressure Luo Zheng felt.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng now understood that he didn't want to get entangled with these people too much. Instead, he ran madly, trying to shake them off as much as possible …
But then, Luo Zheng felt a vigorous wind element law behind him. In addition, some people were constantly passing through space. After fusing two kinds of laws, they chased after Luo Zheng.
Rumble …
Right behind him, a pillar of fire shot towards Luo Zheng. This pillar of fire also contained a powerful fire element law.
The power of law …
Luo Zheng had only used one Origin Source Law, the Law of Wind, but these fellows had immediately used all of their Origin Source Laws.
They were proficient in all of the origin laws?
At this moment, Afo's voice echoed on the True Extinction Path, "The Sacred Race is the creator of laws. From birth, they automatically comprehend all kinds of laws. If you use one kind of law, they'll use any kind of law on the True Extinction Path!"
At this point, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his body slow down!
The time element law!
Luo Zheng was shocked. He also operated the Law of Time and rushed out of the space where the flow of time was slowed down.
"The Sacred Race!" If he'd known this would happen, Luo Zheng wouldn't have used anything but his physical body. "What kind of race is the Sacred Race …"
At this moment, Qinglong, who'd been silent for a long time, said faintly in Luo Zheng's mind, "The origin of all primate races, the most perfect race …"
Primate races include monkeys, gorillas, baboons, humans, demons, demons, beasts, and so on. In the Upper Realm, there are many primate races!
Not only that, but even savage beasts, divine beasts, super divine beasts, and true spirits can transform into humans when their intelligence reaches a certain level and their strength reaches the stage of transformation.
For example, a powerful existence like Qinglong could transform into a human and change its name to 'Qing Xuan'. It also had a human form.
Although the human race was powerful and had a transcendent status in the universe, it wasn't enough for all the other races to transform into "humans". Now, the Azure Dragon was telling Luo Zheng that although they had transformed into humans, they weren't using humans as a blueprint. Instead, they were a more powerful race, a more perfect race, the Sacred Race.
Not only that, but all other primate races, including humans, demons, and even demons … all inherit some of the characteristics of the Sacred Race, and walk down different cultivation paths and systems!
The closest race to the Sacred Race is the Demon Night clan. For example, the newborn babies of the Demon Night clan are all connate lifeforms, and so are the Sacred Race. This is an unparalleled advantage of the other races. However, the Demon Night clan has more females than males, and their reproduction rate is extremely low. It's a delicate balance.
"So that's how it is …"
Since there was such a perfect race in the universe, why did it disappear completely?
Before he could ask this question, all kinds of origin law power came to envelop Luo Zheng …
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he doesn't dare to take it head-on. He can only explode forward again, but the yin and yang energies are transforming into more and more Sacred Race members, and their attacks are becoming fiercer and fiercer.
"Huff huff huff …"
"Pa —"
"Whoosh …"
Wind blades, fire blades, thunder … all kinds of law power poured down on Luo Zheng.
Seeing this, Afo shook his head, "Luo Zheng can't hold on."
＝＝＝＝＝