Hearing Afo's words, Ning Yudie suddenly clenched her fists!
So many Life and Death experts besieging Luo Zheng, and these experts were proficient in all kinds of Law Powers. This was indeed a huge test for Luo Zheng.
Su Lingyun muttered softly. She knew that she couldn't change anything, so she could only pray silently in her heart.
Xi Youqin took a step forward and raised her hand.
"What can you do?" Afo asked indifferently.
"Break this True Path of Despair!" Xi Youqin didn't know how to reason with others. She wasn't as rational as Ning Yudie.
However, before Xi Youqin could make a move, Afo said, "Although the Heavenly Purple Body is powerful, you can't use your spatial node here!"
How could Xi Youqin listen to this guy? She moved her fingers slightly and tried to communicate with the giant swords in the Extreme Purple Realm. However, after circling her hands a few times, there was no reaction at all. Just as Afo said, she couldn't communicate with the Extreme Purple Realm here. The spatial node had failed!
Now, she was helpless. Watching Luo Zheng struggle in all kinds of Law Powers, her expression became more and more unsightly!
Thinking of this, she was about to jump into the True Path of Despair …
"What are you doing?" Ning Yudie shouted coldly and grabbed Xi Youqin.
If Xi Youqin jumped into the True Path of Despair before, she wouldn't be in too much danger. However, the experts in the True Path of Despair were all Life and Death experts. How could Xi Youqin fight against them?
"But Luo Zheng …" Xi Youqin said worriedly.
Xi Youqin was indeed smarter than Ning Yudie in some aspects, such as guessing Luo Zheng's thoughts. Her EQ was much higher than Ning Yudie's, but in terms of martial arts, she was far inferior to Ning Yudie. Now that Xi Youqin had entered the True Path of Despair, she was simply courting death.
Fortunately, Xi Youqin's strength was far inferior to Ning Yudie's. No matter how she struggled, she couldn't escape from Ning Yudie's control.
However, Su Lingyun said indifferently, "Don't worry."
Xi Youqin looked at Su Lingyun and snorted, "Of course you're not worried about Luo Zheng's life …"
"No," Su Lingyun shook her head, "I believe in Luo Zheng. He has the strength to fight back!"
Ning Yudie also nodded, "Luo Zheng's limit is far beyond this. Don't listen to this guy," Ning Yudie pointed at Afo.
The three women didn't have a good impression of Afo. However, Afo didn't care. He was still indifferently watching Luo Zheng's every move on the True Path of Despair.
"Boom …"
When the various Law Energies hit Luo Zheng's body, a violent light burst out.
Seeing this, the three women clenched their fists tightly, and their faces were filled with nervousness.
After the light dissipated, Luo Zheng's body was still standing, but the clothes on his body were annihilated by the energy flows …
"This … this kid … seems to have transferred his power?" Afo was surprised again.
As for Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, they breathed a sigh of relief and smiled. They didn't care about the process, nor did they want to know how Luo Zheng resisted these attacks. They only knew that their husband was incomparably brave and could remain unscathed under such attacks.
Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with shock. "Energy transfer? How did he do it?"
"I can't tell for now," Afo said faintly. "He seems to have fused with some kind of will. Maybe it's a spiritual object, and he transferred his power to that spiritual object..." Even Afo couldn't tell that Luo Zheng had fused with the will of the entire Vast Thousand Domains. He had just transferred his power to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Anyway, an attack of this level wouldn't be able to shake the Divine Essencefused Mountain at all.
Relying on the transfer of power, Luo Zheng rushed forward again. No matter how the Sacred Race people used all kinds of methods, Luo Zheng didn't stop for a moment!
Not long after, Luo Zheng felt that the path ahead gradually became clear, and Afo and the three girls were actually right in front of him.
When Luo Zheng stepped on the True Path of Extinction, the three girls were behind him, but he didn't expect to return to the starting point at the end of the path. This surprised Luo Zheng a little.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng jumped out of the True Path of Extinction and said to Afo with a smile, "Did I pass?"
"The first stage passed," Afo said faintly.
"Where's the token?" Luo Zheng asked.
Afo pointed behind Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng turned his head and looked. The yin and yang energies above the ridge slowly floated and condensed. At the same time, the ridge disappeared and a token slowly descended from the air.
The three girls also looked up. Ning Yudie said faintly, "It's the word 'Kan'."
A token with the word 'Kan' engraved on it slowly floated down and landed in Luo Zheng's hand. Luo Zheng looked at it and heard Afo say, "With this token, you can enter the library and read the books!"
"Library!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
Everything in this immortal mansion was no small matter. For Luo Zheng at this stage, other things might not be that important, but the library was definitely indispensable!
Afo smiled faintly, "Your strength is stronger than I thought. Even a Divine Sea Realm expert wouldn't be able to survive the siege of so many Life and Death Realm experts of the Sacred Race. But you seem to have transferred your strength to a spirit item. If you're confident in this spirit item, you can challenge the second stage of the True Path of Extinction."
Afo thought that Luo Zheng had a spirit item, but the spirit item itself didn't exist. Of course, the entire great thousand domains could be regarded as Luo Zheng's "spirit item" …
The carrying capacity of a great thousand domains was still quite terrifying. Even if some experts in the universe could destroy the creatures in the Central Domain, it was basically impossible for them to destroy the entire great thousand domains.
Luo Zheng also couldn't let the great thousand domains bear too much of a terrifying attack. Last time, in order to fight against the black eye, Luo Zheng destroyed all the mountains in the great thousand domains. This time, Luo Zheng transferred his strength to the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
"Of course!" Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
Afo nodded, and the fog below dispersed again. In front of Luo Zheng, the True Path of Extinction opened again!
"The second stage is more difficult than the first. Be careful," Afo said, "But since you can transfer your strength, as long as your spirit item can bear it, there shouldn't be any danger …"
So Luo Zheng once again rushed into the True Path of Extinction without hesitation.
At this time, Xi Youqin turned her head and smiled at Su Lingyun, "Okay, you can turn around now …"
Su Lingyun turned her head, her face still full of shyness. Luo Zheng's clothes were all gone, so she just turned her head shyly. As for Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin, they naturally weren't as shy as Su Lingyun …
The second round of slaughter took an hour. The strength of the saint martial artists had also risen to a new level. Although they didn't use any cultivation methods, the martial artists manifested from the yin and yang energies all had a cultivation at the Divine Sea realm. Even the power of their Laws had risen to the third or even fourth level!
Fortunately, these guys didn't know how to use Domains. In the Chaotic Astral Ocean in the south of the Eastern Domain, the Divine Essencefused Mountain completely absorbed these forces.
Luo Zheng focused on sprinting on the True Path of Extinction, so he didn't have the mind to investigate the Divine Essencefused Mountain …
Even if the Divine Essencefused Mountain was invulnerable, there was a limit to the power it could withstand. Under the attacks of dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts of the Sacred Clan, just how terrifying was the power contained within?
The Divine Essencefused Mountain, which was mostly at the bottom of the sea, already had a shallow crack at the bottom, and that crack was constantly expanding.
"Done!" Luo Zheng passed the second stage of the True Path of Extinction. On the other side, he saw Su Lingyun suddenly turn around. Seeing Su Lingyun blushing, Luo Zheng smiled, then took out a set of clothes from his spatial ring and put them on.
As the vast fog descended, another token appeared in the sky.
This time, it was a "Gen" token.
"What's the use of this token?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.