Afo's puppet body was created by the first master of Immortal's Mansion. He didn't have the Five Decay of Heaven and Man, so the puppet couldn't collapse. In other words, he couldn't commit suicide even if he wanted to. His soul should be firmly sealed inside, and he couldn't disperse the power of his soul …
For Afo, guarding Immortal's Mansion was a boring job. Death was an extravagant hope for him.
If someone could stay in Immortal's Mansion, it would be a good thing for him.
The previous masters had all tried to take control of Immortal's Mansion, but they all failed. For example, Taoist Tian Miao. Afo had also hoped for Tian Miao's return, but he still died from the Five Decay of Heaven and Man …
Now, Luo Zheng was slowly taking control of Immortal's Mansion. Not only did he get the "Kan" token, but he also got the "Gen" token!
"Carry Immortal's Mansion with me? Could it be that the immortal abode can fly away? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Afo nodded, then shook his head. "The" Gen "token is a special one among the six. It's a projection of Immortal's Mansion itself. It's equivalent to the gate of Immortal's Mansion. Of course, you can also treat it as Immortal's Mansion. If you carry it with you, you can return to Immortal's Mansion at any time." Afo was in a good mood. After thinking for a while, he added, "You can treat it as that woman's Heavenly Purple Body. It's a space node." Then Afo pointed at Xi Youqin.
"I see." Luo Zheng was enlightened. In this way, if he wanted to return to Immortal's Mansion in the future, he wouldn't have to travel thousands of miles to the Eastern Region. He could enter directly with the "Gen" token in his hand.
"Do you want to continue?" Afo asked again.
In a short time, Luo Zheng had already obtained two tokens. But this time, Luo Zheng chose to give up.
In the next round of the True Path of Extinction, a large group of Extreme Divine Realm experts would most likely appear. Although Luo Zheng could completely transfer his power, the problem was that there was a limit to the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain's capacity. If a large group of Extreme Divine Realm experts used the fifth layer of Source Laws, the power would be unimaginable!
If the Divine Essencefused Mountain were to be destroyed, the overflowing energy would damage the foundation of the entire Great Thousand World. Luo Zheng was unwilling to take this risk. Moreover, now that he had the "Gen" token, he could wait for his strength to increase in the future before returning to the Immortal Mansion to obtain the other tokens.
Now that he had a "Kan" token in his hand, he smiled and said, "Can we head to the library now?"
"No problem," Afo nodded.
At this time, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, and he asked, "Can other people enter?" Luo Zheng was naturally referring to Ning Yudie and the others.
"Possessing the medallion is equivalent to being the master of the Immortal Abode. It's up to you to decide whether or not they can," Afo said.
"Understood!"
Previously, although Luo Zheng was the "master" of the Immortal Mansion, he couldn't control anything at all. The "Xun" token was at most a ticket to enter, while the "Zhen" token gave him the qualifications to challenge the True Path of Extinction.
Now that he had the "Kan" and "Gen" tokens, his control over the immortal estate was increasing step by step. There would be a day when he would be able to obtain the other four tokens, or even the two Qiankun tokens!
Thus, everyone turned around and began to walk back. However, halfway through, a violent and vicious aura suddenly erupted from the depths of the Immortal Mansion!
"Roar …"
At the same time, a strange cry was transmitted.
Even though they were separated by such a great distance, that vicious aura still made people feel abnormally terrified!
Luo Zheng's face darkened, while Ning Yudie's face turned deathly pale. As for Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, they directly fainted …
"What is this!" Luo Zheng coldly asked Afo. After that, he helped Su Lingyun up, while Ning Yudie went to help Xi Youqin.
That vicious aura wasn't released from the front, and it was quite far from Luo Zheng, but it still made Luo Zheng extremely fearful. Then what kind of terrifying existence was this?
Afo's expression changed, then said indifferently, "There's a guy who's already impatient …"
"Where did that sound come from?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The doghouse," Afo answered, then continued, "Luo Zheng, you've obtained the" Kan "token, so you can go to the library yourself. I'm going to take a look …"
After that, Afo didn't wait for Luo Zheng's response, his figure flashed, and his whole body flew towards the depths of the Immortal Mansion!
In the depths of the Immortal Mansion, there was an exquisite backyard. In a corner of the backyard, there was a chain that bound a ferocious beast. The ferocious beast was lying on the ground, motionless.
Afo walked towards the fierce beast expressionlessly, then said, "What's the hurry?"
"Roar …" The fierce beast's voice was much softer, but its head was still roaring towards a deep pit next to it.
"Are those guys in the prison not being obedient?" Afo said, then walked towards the deep pit. At the bottom of the pit, there was a row of fences, and under the fences was absolute darkness.
Afo said indifferently, "You've already endured so many years, what's the harm in waiting a little longer?"
No one in the pit answered.
Seeing this, Afo continued, "That young man is very talented, and his luck isn't bad either. He actually obtained four tokens, and none of them were repeated. Most importantly, he has the" Gen "and" Kan "tokens, so in the future … he might be able to obtain the two Qiankun tokens."
Still, no one in the pit spoke.
"I know you don't think highly of him, but this time it might really be different. Trust me, it's only a matter of a thousand years at most. We've endured countless years, and this little bit of time is just an instant to both of you. Be patient," Afo said again.
Seeing that there was no response, Afo turned to leave, but just as Afo was about to turn around, a voice came from the pit. "Then call him in, I'll train him. I guarantee that it won't take a thousand years, just a hundred years. He'll definitely become the strongest in this universe, and crush those bullshit Celestial Sovereigns."
Afo didn't turn around, he just shook his head and said, "Master's rules can't be broken. If he can't obtain the two Qiankun tokens, he can't enter here …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he paid no further attention to her and directly left the backyard ….
Next to the fence in the pit sat a long-haired middle-aged man in ragged clothes. He looked at the top of the pit and muttered, "Let's not talk about one or two thousand years, even if it's one or two hundred million years, I'm willing to wait. The problem is that those monsters in the lower levels of the prison can't wait that long!"
Luo Zheng didn't know what was going on here.
He and Ning Yudie woke up Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, then gave them some calming pills before heading to the library.
The door to the library was naturally very tall, and it looked like a huge heavenly palace in front of Luo Zheng!
"Is the 'Kan' token enough to open this door?" At this point, Luo Zheng took out the "Kan" token in his hand. The moment Luo Zheng took out the token, a golden light flashed from the middle of the door. With a "Kacha" sound, a crack appeared on the door.
Luo Zheng jumped up and tried to push the door open. Originally, Luo Zheng looked at the mountain-like door and estimated that it would take some effort to push it open. Unexpectedly, just as his hand touched the door, the door opened with a loud bang. Immediately after, a scholarly smell assailed his nostrils!
Naturally, the books did not have any fragrance. The books in the Book Collection Pavilion must have been made from special wood. After countless years, the natural fragrance would precipitate out. When one sniffed it, it would even cause one to feel intoxicated.
"Let's go in!" Luo Zheng smiled at Ning Yudie and was the first to enter the library. Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and Su Lingyun followed closely behind.
Even though countless years had passed, the library was still spotless. In front of Luo Zheng, there were many bookshelves that were as big as a small mountain. As for the books in the bookshelves, each book was three feet tall and two feet wide...
"How do I read this?" Looking at the huge books, Luo Zheng's face revealed a depressed expression.