Although Luo Zheng was depressed, he had entered the library with great difficulty. How could he be willing to return empty-handed?
With a leap, he jumped onto the first row of bookshelves!
The covers of these books were made of some kind of metal. They were very cold to the touch and were incomparably sturdy. Although Luo Zheng couldn't identify the material of these pages, he was certain that they were more than enough to refine tools.
He grabbed one side of this huge book and used all of his strength to pull. Unexpectedly, this big book didn't move an inch!
"This book is actually so heavy?" Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed.
His strength was enough to tear apart mountains and split the earth. He didn't expect this book to be so heavy!
He was born with divine strength, yet he couldn't even pull out a book from the library. Luo Zheng's face revealed an unconvinced expression. This time, the power of the dragon scales in his body suddenly erupted. He grabbed the corner of the book with both hands and used all his strength to finally pull the book out of the bookshelf.
However, while the three women were still looking up, they suddenly saw a book the size of a house crashing down. Their faces revealed astonishment.
Luo Zheng's complexion changed greatly. He shouted loudly, "Quickly dodge!"
He didn't know how heavy this thing was, but Luo Zheng estimated that it definitely wasn't lighter than a mountain range. It was almost equal to the weight of twenty-three mountains added together. If this time, even Ning Yudie wouldn't be able to escape, let alone Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun.
Fortunately, Ning Yudie's reaction was extremely fast. She gently stretched out her hands and grabbed Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun, one on the left and one on the right. Then, she quickly retreated!
Almost at the same time, the house-sized book directly fell to the ground!
It was unknown what material the ground was made of. When such a heavy thing fell, it didn't even leave a hole. It was as if it was an ordinary book that was thrown on the ground …
However, this immortal mansion had existed for an unknown number of years. If it was made of ordinary stone, how could it withstand the erosion of time? Most likely, it would have already turned into ashes. However, anything that could withstand the erosion of time was definitely not an ordinary object.
Luo Zheng jumped down and stood on the ground. His face revealed a trace of apology.
As for Ning Yudie, she fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. She somewhat blamed Luo Zheng for his recklessness. However, Luo Zheng just now understood that Ning Yudie could hold the two women. Otherwise, he could use the law of time to save the three.
After removing the book from the bookshelf, Luo Zheng walked to the edge of the book and forcefully flipped open the first page of the book.
Just the cover, the weight of the book's weight.
The moment Luo Zheng opened the big book, he saw rows of light golden words appear on the first page.
After Luo Zheng saw these words, his eyes suddenly flashed. Each word gave Luo Zheng a kind of invisible pressure. These words were twisted and distorted, like strange runes. However, Luo Zheng was also knowledgeable. He understood that these runes weren't divine runes, but something else …
After staring at the big book for a while, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a helpless smile. "I don't understand …"
As for Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the others, they also gathered around. Even with Luo Zheng's experience, he couldn't understand the words on the book. In their eyes, it was even more so. How could they understand the slightest bit of it?
It wasn't easy to get a "Kan" Command Token, but it was a Chinese character. Luo Zheng was a bit confused, but after thinking about it carefully, it could be considered normal.
After all, under the development of civilization, there were many different kinds of cultures. Almost every civilization had its own special language. Even those super powerful people couldn't understand all the words.
However, at this moment, on another bookshelf, a big book that was placed horizontally unexpectedly opened by itself. Clouds of smoke rose from the book, and slowly, an amiable-looking old man appeared from within the smoke.
After the old man appeared, he walked towards Luo Zheng. As he walked, the smoke drifted away, as if he was riding on the clouds, giving people a feeling of immortality.
"It's a good book, so why would I open it and read it? I'm afraid you can't even recognize a single word … "The old man said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's face was filled with curiosity as he asked, "Did I open it the wrong way?"
The old man nodded, then said, "Close the book, I'll teach you how to open it …"
In that case, Luo Zheng did as he was told. But when he closed the book, Luo Zheng asked again, "Who are you?"
At this moment, Afo had already rushed over. When he heard Luo Zheng's question, he directly replied, "He's the Book Immortal, a familiar who manages the library." After that, Afo smiled at the Book Immortal and said, "Old man, long time no see!"
The Book Immortal looked at Afo indifferently, but he snorted, as if he was very dissatisfied with Afo, "After so many years, you only opened the library now. Master entrusted you to guard it, let's see how you do it …"
Fu, on the other hand, had a helpless expression on his face. It was not that he was unwilling. It was just that the previous candidates he had looked for were too weak. The third "Mansion Master" had disappeared without even opening the True Path of Extinction. As for the fourth "Mansion Master", Tian Miao, although he had opened the True Path of Extinction, he had only obtained the Zhen Token. He had not passed through the first True Path of Extinction.
The Book Immortal didn't seem to want to argue with Afo. As a familiar of the library, his job was to serve the people who entered the library. He walked up to Luo Zheng and said kindly, "There's a house of gold in a book. Every book has its own universe, look …"
After that, the Book Immortal pointed at the book and a golden spiral pattern appeared on the cover. The Book Immortal slowly said, "Pour your perception into the book and you'll be able to read it. This book is called the Primal Chaos Herding Record. It records the master's travels in the endless chaos …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng did as the Book Immortal said and poured his perception into the golden pattern. The moment Luo Zheng did so, a huge ball of light suddenly appeared in his mind. As the light slowly dissipated, everything around him began to float rapidly. In Luo Zheng's mind, a strange world appeared!
Standing in the void, Luo Zheng looked around, his eyes full of surprise. "This … is the world recorded in the Primal Chaos Herding Record?"
The world in this book was completely chaotic. Even Luo Zheng himself found it hard to describe this kind of space. It wasn't absolute darkness. There was a faint light in the surroundings, but it was shrouded in layers of gray fog. The surroundings were filled with black and white fog. Luo Zheng had already seen this fog before. It was the Yin and Yang Qi that he had seen on the True Path of Extinction …
"Boom …" A lightning bolt so large that Luo Zheng couldn't understand it streaked across the chaos. "This lightning … contains the power of law. I can't understand it at all!"
The Law of Thunder contained in the lightning bolt was in a perfect state. It was a perfection that Luo Zheng couldn't understand. Compared to this lightning bolt, Luo Zheng couldn't bear to look at the incomplete lightning bolts he had seen before. This wasn't just a comparison of power, but a comparison of the perfection of the Law. Although Luo Zheng couldn't see how many layers of Law the lightning bolt contained, he estimated that it was very likely to be at least ten layers …
Luo Zheng's vision was moving at an extremely high speed. He couldn't control his own vision. It was probably moving along with the vision of the author of the Primal Chaos Herding Record. Luo Zheng could only passively accept the amazing scenes recorded in the book.
After a long time, Luo Zheng withdrew from the book. His eyes were full of shock.
If Luo Zheng's guess was correct, this chaos … was the world outside the universe. What existed outside the universe? What did those grotesque scenes represent?
Luo Zheng didn't look for answers in this book. The author of this book had traveled an unknown distance in the chaos. But outside the chaos, there was still chaos, as if it was an endless world …
＝＝＝＝＝