Luo Zheng withdrew his perception from the book and found that Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and Su Lingyun had also released their perception. They were standing beside the book in a daze. They were probably also wandering in the book …
After a long time, the three girls also withdrew from the book. Their eyes were filled with endless shock.
Like Luo Zheng, they couldn't understand the book. However, the world shown in the book still shocked them. It was as if they had touched upon the truth and origin of the entire world. It was breathtaking.
The Book Immortal seemed very satisfied when he saw their expressions. As the familiar of the library, he had read almost all the books in the library. As the saying goes, sharing with others brings endless joy. Over the years, he had wandered in the ocean of books and read the most exquisite parts. His heart was filled with joy. However, he had no one to share the essence of the book with. It was impossible for him to find someone to recommend a good book. One must know that sharing a good book with others was also endless joy.
Of course, he knew that the people in front of him were shocked by the chaotic world. The Book Immortal was very happy. "This' Chaotic Cloud Herding Record 'is just a drop in the ocean in the library. The things left behind by the previous owner are the essence. If you want to read them one by one, it will take you many years to finish. Come, come, come … I will recommend a few more books to you."
Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Su Lingyun had yearning expressions on their faces. However, Xi Youqin curled her lips and said, "It's just a hazy world. What's so good about it? I don't think the other things are good either! "
"Oh?" The Book Immortal wasn't happy when he heard Xi Youqin's words. It was as if the things he held as a standard were trash in the eyes of others. The Book Immortal couldn't tolerate this and asked, "Little girl, what are you talking about? The collection of books in this Book Collection Pavilion is as vast as the clouds and mist. There will definitely be books that are suitable for you. I will be able to recommend any books that you like! "
Xi Youqin had just flipped through the Primal Chaos Herding Record. Although she was shocked, she didn't like reading books. When she heard that the book immortal was going to recommend books for her, she turned her head and said with a smile, "I'm afraid there aren't any books here that I like to read."
"Hmph!" The Immortal of Books snorted. His amiable face was now filled with defiance. "How can a human kid like you understand the Mansion Master's work? Tell me what you like. If I can't pick one, I'm not worthy of the title 'Immortal of Books'!"
Seeing the Immortal in the Book's displeasure, Luo Zheng said to Xi Youqin, "Youqin, watch your mouth."
Unexpectedly, the Immortal of Books explained to Luo Zheng, "It's okay, it's okay. I'm not angry. I'm just not convinced. Little girl, tell me!"
Xi Youqin blinked her eyes and said with a smile, "I like reading stories about romantic nights. I don't think there are any here …"
Everyone was speechless. Luo Zheng could only shake his head with a bitter smile. Ning Yudie's face was wooden. She had already guessed that Xi Youqin would make some strange request. As for Su Lingyun, she covered her mouth and giggled.
In Xu Ling City, where Xi Youqin lived, there were many scholars. Some of them would write some "leisure stories" when they were free. Although these leisure stories were not presentable, they were circulated among many women. Some of them were extremely emotional and made some women cry.
When she was in the Xi family, when she had nothing to do, she would send some people to buy some articles to pass the time. From this, it could be seen that Xi Youqin did not set aside any time to cultivate martial arts...
As for Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, one was a Temple Master and the other was a teacher of the Blue Cloud Sect. If they were not busy with cultivation, they were dealing with business. How could they have the time to read these things?
Hearing Xi Youqin's request, the Immortal of Books was stunned. Then, he raised his head and laughed. He said, "Little girl, come with me!"
"There really is one?" Xi Youqin asked.
The Immortal of Books did not answer her question. Instead, he led her to a bookshelf at the side. With a light tap of his finger, a huge book slowly fell from the shelf.
Seeing the Immortal of Books' ability, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly jumped. The Immortal of Books could take the book effortlessly. The weight of this book was equivalent to a mountain range. Yet, he could take it down so easily! This immortal mansion revealed a terrifying strength everywhere. Even a demonic familiar in charge of the library had a strength that Luo Zheng could not imagine.
Under the guidance of the Immortal of Books, Xi Youqin stood in front of the book. Soon, her perception was immersed in the book …
Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, and Su Lingyun were curious. They followed the Immortal of Books and entered the world inside the book.
After a long time, everyone exited the book.
At this time, Xi Youqin's eyes were filled with tears. Her little nose was still sobbing. Her eyes were immersed in the story inside the book.
Su Lingyun's expression also revealed a mournful expression. She was also moved by the story recorded in the book.
Even Ning Yudie revealed a thoughtful look. In fact, she had immersed herself in the Martial Dao and had never come across such a sentimental story before, so the impact of this story on Ning Yudie should be the greatest. However, her Martial Dao Heart was extremely firm, so although she was moved, it was not to the extent where it was difficult for her to control herself like Xi Youqin.
As for Luo Zheng, his face was full of helplessness. He was confused by the story and did not feel the slightest bit of emotion toward the various bizarre plots recorded in the book.
Xi Youqin sobbed as she threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms. "The woman called Zan Feng in the book is too pitiful. I won't read this kind of story in the future. Huhuhu …"
"Hehe, little girl, do you want to read more?" The Book Immortal's face revealed a complacent expression.
Xi Youqin wiped away her tears. Then, she said in surprise, "Do you have more?"
Seeing Xi Youqin's reaction, Luo Zheng was speechless again.
After the Book Immortal picked a few more books for Xi Youqin, Luo Zheng asked, "Book Immortal, do you know if there are any books related to martial arts in the library?"
Unexpectedly, the Book Immortal chuckled. "As I said, although the name of the library is simple, it is naturally all-encompassing. How can there be no records of these things? Come with me! "
After saying this, the Book Immortal mounted a cloud and led Luo Zheng and the others into the depths of the library. Afo followed behind.
As for Xi Youqin, it was better to let her cry here for a while …
When Luo Zheng mentioned martial arts, Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun's hearts lit up.
Ning Yudie already knew that her Heart Sutra of the Empyrean Fairy was incomplete. What she wanted was to catch up with Luo Zheng in terms of cultivation and strength. But now, it seemed that the gap between her and Luo Zheng was widening. If she could find a suitable martial arts in the library, she would be willing to do so. In fact, Ning Yudie considered Luo Zheng's future more deeply than Xi Youqin's. Xi Youqin understood this through the old man "John Doe". However, Ning Yudie had already made up her mind. After Luo Zheng ascended, she would stay in the Mortal World. Naturally, she didn't want to do so. This was definitely an opportunity for her.
As for Su Lingyun, she didn't have a broad vision, but she only had one goal in her heart. She didn't want to catch up with Luo Zheng, but she wanted to be able to follow behind him.
The interior of the library was astonishingly large. The bookshelves were as big as mountains. As the group walked through the bookshelves, it was as if they were taking a stroll in the mountains. As they walked, the Book Immortal explained, "The first half of the book is the master's masterpiece.
"This side … is a travel book."
"This side … is a poem."
"This side … is a song."
"This side …"
After a long while, the Book Immortal stopped and said, "This is a display of the master's self-created martial arts. All the martial arts on this row of shelves are suitable for women to practice!"