Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Book Immortal indifferently smiled.
Luo Zheng revealed a puzzled expression. "What are you laughing at?"
Afo said, "This old fool has read too many books. He likes to act like this."
The Book Immortal snorted at Afo, too lazy to argue with Afo. He said, "The martial skills and cultivation methods in this world don't have a high or low ranking. However, the transcendent divine mights you speak of must involve the laws of karma. These types of cultivation methods are extremely rare, but they still exist …"
Hearing the Book Immortal's words, Luo Zheng asked in his mind, "Qinglong, do all transcendent divine mights involve the laws of karma?"
After obtaining the Black Star Pickaxe, Luo Zheng understood just how powerful the laws of karma were. Luo Zheng himself was still cultivating the Stellar War Body. It was just that Luo Zheng hadn't finished cultivating the first volume of the Stellar War Body. He didn't know if the Stellar War Body contained any powerful laws of karma.
In fact, ever since Luo Zheng stepped into this immortal mansion, Qinglong had been extremely shocked by the variety of things here. However, he had remained silent until now. Hearing Luo Zheng's question, he replied, "You can say that. The vast majority of transcendent divine mights contain the laws of karma. However, because I only obtained the first volume of the Stellar War Body, the laws of karma might be hidden in the second volume …"
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng nodded.
The Book Immortal looked at Afo, seemingly dissatisfied with Afo calling him an old fool. He took the initiative to say to Luo Zheng, "I know you want to choose a cultivation method that suits you, but there are far too many cultivation methods here. However, since the Martial House Master built such a large library, he naturally wanted to benefit the future generations. He also explained the method of identification." After saying that, he led Luo Zheng and the others to a row of bookshelves and said, "Two little girls, the cultivation methods on these shelves are suitable for women. Come here."
Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng nodded, and the two girls followed the Book Immortal.
Then, the Book Immortal pointed at the ground, and a circle of light appeared on the ground. Within the circle of light, there were thin lines that shot out along the edges of the circle. "Which girl will come in first?"
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed, and then she stepped into the circle of light.
The moment Ning Yudie stepped into the circle of light, the entire bookshelf began to tremble, and the mountain-like bookshelf began to shake like an earthquake.
"Rumble …"
Under the shaking, all the books on the bookshelf began to emit a faint golden light. After a while, a large book on the top of the bookshelf automatically came out and slowly descended in front of Ning Yudie.
The Book Immortal glanced at it, then laughed and said, "Your luck is quite good. This is the Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit. When this cultivation method is cultivated to the later stages, it also contains the laws of karma. It can be considered the transcendent divine might that Luo Zheng spoke of, right?" The Book Immortal's words were filled with disdain towards this so-called transcendent divine might …
Hearing this, Luo Zheng only faintly smiled. Although this Book Immortal liked to show off, he was actually a good person. After all, according to Qinglong, a transcendent divine might was a top cultivation method in the universe. For Ning Yudie to obtain a transcendent divine might, that could be considered her destiny.
"Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit …" Ning Yudie's face revealed a trace of excitement. "Is it very fierce?"
The Book Immortal looked at Ning Yudie faintly and said, "You cultivated the 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》 in the early stage and scattered your cultivation nine times, which indeed laid a good foundation for you, but this 《Nine Heavens Fairy Heart Sutra》 is not a good book, and it is not easy to complete it. If you switch to the 《Blue Frost Mysterious Ice Spirit Sutra》, it will naturally be ten times or even a hundred times better. This old man's words are not accurate, you can enter the book and read it."
Ning Yudie nodded. No matter what, ever since she entered the immortal mansion, everything she saw was so extraordinary that Ning Yudie found it hard to understand. How could the cultivation methods hidden in the library be simple?
Thus, she immersed her perception into the Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit Sutra. After an incense stick of time, Ning Yudie withdrew from the book. Her face revealed an excited expression. She grabbed Luo Zheng's hand and said, "Husband, this cultivation method …"
"What's wrong with this cultivation method?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"This cultivation method is simply tailor-made for me! Moreover, the mysteries within it are too mystical … I, I … "As the Cloud Hall's Hall Master, what kind of major event had she not experienced? In the Cloud Hall, no matter how big of a matter her subordinates reported, Ning Yudie's expression was indifferent and cold. But at this time, she was too excited and couldn't control her emotions.
Luo Zheng was also curious. What kind of cultivation method was this Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit Sutra? Why did it cause Ning Yudie to be so excited?
After a while, Ning Yudie's mood finally calmed down. Just like the immortal in the book said, the Empyrean Fairy Sutra she cultivated actually built a solid foundation for her. If she wanted to have a big breakthrough, cultivating the Azure Frost Mystic Ice Spirit Sutra was the most suitable.
Seeing that Ning Yudie's mood slowly calmed down, Luo Zheng asked with a smile, "You haven't told me yet. What's wrong with you?"
Ning Yudie smiled and snorted, "If I cultivate this cultivation method, I'm afraid I'll surpass you, husband!"
Luo Zheng laughed and said self-deprecatingly, "Then I'll have to work harder!"
While they were talking, Su Lingyun also had a result. A big book slowly descended and landed beside her. Compared to Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun was more indifferent about the cultivation method she chose. She got a wind attribute cultivation method.
However, Su Lingyun's expression was indifferent, but her determination was no less than Ning Yudie's. In the Eastern Domain, whether it was resources or cultivation methods, they couldn't be compared with the Central Domain. She could only work harder to catch up.
Now that the two women had chosen their cultivation methods, it was Luo Zheng's turn.
The cultivation methods on this row of bookshelves were suitable for women to cultivate. Since Luo Zheng chose his cultivation method, the immortal in the book continued to lead Luo Zheng into the depths of the library.
When they arrived at another row of bookshelves, the immortal in the book drew a circle on the ground and said to Luo Zheng, "You go in too."
Luo Zheng nodded and stepped into the circle of light. Soon, the entire bookshelf began to tremble again!
"Rumble …"
In the beginning, the process was quite normal. When the bookshelf rumbled, a book emerged from the second row of the bookshelf.
The immortal in the book smiled faintly and said to Luo Zheng, "Not bad. It seems that the 《Qian Kun Sword Controlling Art》 has chosen you …" However, as soon as the immortal in the book finished speaking, half of a big book slowly moved out of the bookshelf.
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
At this moment, the immortal in the book and Afo were both surprised.
Originally, there were no restrictions on entering the library to choose books. Luo Zheng had already chosen a cultivation technique, and if he wanted to choose a few more, it wouldn't be much of a problem.
However, the immortal in the book had the ability to choose the most suitable cultivation method for the person who chose the book. Under normal circumstances, only one book would appear, but now it seemed that two cultivation methods suitable for Luo Zheng had appeared at the same time.
"Two cultivation methods appearing at the same time, this is rare, but it's not unheard of." The immortal in the book's surprise disappeared in an instant, and a faint smile appeared on his face.
However, as soon as he finished speaking, the third book on the bookshelf began to move slowly, revealing half of it. It seemed that it was going to fall from the bookshelf.
"The third book …" The immortal in the book's face revealed a surprised expression.
Afo frowned and asked, "Old fool, is there a problem with your secret method? How can three cultivation methods appear at the same time? "
The immortal in the book's secret method was to help warriors choose the "most" suitable cultivation method. The word "most" meant that there was only one cultivation method. As for the occasional appearance of two cultivation methods, it could be a coincidence that a warrior's ability in two aspects was almost equal. Now that three cultivation methods had appeared, Afo suspected that there was a problem with the immortal's secret method.
However, as soon as Afo finished speaking, the fourth book, the fifth book, the sixth book …