Each book was thirty feet tall, and the entire bookshelf was like a mountain. It was at least ten thousand feet tall, and there were about three hundred layers in this huge bookshelf. Each book was placed vertically, and the horizontal space was even larger. Therefore, there were probably tens of thousands of books in just one bookshelf.
Now, these huge books seemed to be falling from the bookshelf …
One book was as heavy as a mountain, and ten thousand books were as heavy as ten thousand mountains. What kind of concept was this?
The Book Immortal reached out and caught some of the falling books, but as more and more books fell, the Book Immortal found it hard to withstand.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Zheng grabbed Su Lingyun, and Ning Yudie, the Book Immortal, and Afo all retreated.
After they retreated, the Book Immortal also retreated. The bookshelf was empty, and the books, as big as houses, were piled up into a pile. It really was a "mountain of books."
"Old fool, I told you there was a problem with your secret method, but you didn't believe me!" Afo shook his head.
The Book Immortal stared blankly at the "mountain of books," and didn't speak for a long time. Finally, he said, "No, it's not …"
"What's not?" Fu said unhappily when he saw the Book Immortal's dazed look. The Book Immortal was a familiar that served its master. Now that Luo Zheng had finally obtained the "Kan" token, the Book Immortal seemed to have been in the library for too long and had become even more dazed. Luo Zheng's plan had been ruined.
The Book Immortal murmured, "No, I can feel … their cries. These techniques should be suitable for Luo Zheng to practice."
When Fu heard the Book Immortal's words, he was shocked. "That's impossible!"
In the end, a martial artist's cultivation had their strengths and weaknesses. In this world, many martial artists were very outstanding in certain aspects, but they would also have considerable weaknesses!
For example, when Luo Zheng first comprehended the power of law, he was biased towards the law of space. However, after the baptism of the law, his affinity with all the power of law had reached the highest level. Even so, it was impossible to attract all the cultivation methods on the entire bookshelf.
This was because there were quite a few cultivation methods that weren't divided into attributes and didn't require one to cultivate in Laws. For example, there were some cultivation methods that cultivated the soul that only required the strength of one's soul.
In that case, there was only one explanation. Luo Zheng was very balanced in every aspect. He had almost no shortcomings.
But even so, it was impossible to attract so many martial arts manuals. Even if there were no shortcomings, one could still pick out a certain advantage. Otherwise, how could it be considered as the "best"?
No matter how confused Afo and the Book Immortal were, it was the truth. Choosing a cultivation method this way had almost caused a disaster. They were speechless.
As for Luo Zheng, he walked towards the mountain of books with a helpless smile on his face. "What should I do? Which one should I cultivate? "
One shouldn't bite off more than they could chew. The more cultivation methods there were, the better. Luo Zheng naturally understood this principle. The Book Immortal's secret method was indeed good. It could help a martial artist choose the best cultivation method. Unfortunately, it was useless for Luo Zheng …
Ning Yudie walked beside Luo Zheng and joked, "Husband, you can cultivate all of them!"
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. It would be great if he could cultivate all of them. Just as the Book Immortal said, the law of causality was nothing in his eyes. Every cultivation method here was good, but it would take too much time. Of course, Luo Zheng knew that Ning Yudie was just joking.
However, when Luo Zheng looked over, he saw that there was still a book on the side of the bookshelf!
That book was also three feet tall and two feet wide. It was just that the book was very thin. Previously, there were tens of thousands of books densely packed on the bookshelves, so no one had noticed this book. Now that all the books had fallen, it was very conspicuous as it was placed alone in the corner.
Luo Zheng looked up, and Ning Yudie followed suit. At the same time, she said in surprise, "Hey, why is there still a book on the shelf? This book is very noble. It doesn't want to let husband learn it!"
The Book Immortal and Afo also noticed the book. Afo asked, "Old fool, what cultivation method is that?"
The Book Immortal looked at it with a strange expression, "Strange, I've never seen this book before!"
"You've stayed in the library for so many years, and you call yourself the Book Immortal. Didn't you say that you've read all the books in the library? Is there a book you don't know about? "Afo questioned.
The Book Immortal also had an innocent expression. As the Tamed Demon of the library, his lifespan was close to unlimited. He had too much time, enough for him to read all the books in the library back and forth tens of thousands of times …
Although there were many books in the library, it could be said that he had read all of them at least tens of thousands of times!
However, he had never seen this book before. This was indeed a very strange thing, and there was even a trace of strangeness in it.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, leaped into the air and landed on a row of bookshelves.
This book was located on the twentieth row of the bookshelf. Luo Zheng flew up to a height of more than six thousand feet and stood firmly on the huge bookshelf. He then walked towards the only book that didn't fall on the ground.
As for Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, they also flew up slowly, following behind Luo Zheng. The Book Immortal and Afo also flew up impatiently.
After reaching the end of the bookshelf, Luo Zheng looked at it …
This huge book was quite different from the other books. The other huge books had a faint spiral rune on the surface. After the Book Immortal activated the rune, he could directly inject his perception into it, and easily read it.
However, this huge book in front of him didn't seem to be able to be examined in this way.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng walked up and grabbed a corner of the book's cover. Since he couldn't use his perception to examine it, Luo Zheng would open the huge book himself!
After grabbing it, the book didn't move at all.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly, and the power of the dragon scales erupted. The power of two thousand dragon scales!
Still, it didn't move at all!
Three thousand …
Four thousand …
Five thousand …
This thin book still didn't move at all.
It was as if this book couldn't be opened halfway, as if it was a fake book with an empty shell.
"I'll do it!"
"I'll do it!"
Afo and the Book Immortal were definitely stronger than Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was now taking control of the Immortal's Mansion step by step, so he could be considered their actual master.
The two didn't fight over it, but instead used their strength together, trying to open this huge book of unknown origin!
However, with their combined strength, this huge book didn't move at all.
"Old fool, tell me what's going on!" Afo said unhappily. He was curious, but at the same time, he couldn't do anything about this book, so he was definitely unhappy.
The Book Immortal shook his head. "I couldn't find the answer in the vast knowledge left by my master, as well as in all kinds of memoirs. I don't know either!" From the beginning, the Book Immortal had been trying to find the answer in his memories.
He had read every book in this library tens of thousands of times. It could be said that he could easily pick out any book, and he could recite it fluently. It was a very simple task. However, in his memories, his master had never mentioned this book. Could it be that this book was too important, so he hid it here?
"There must be some kind of camouflage in this book. My master probably didn't want others to find this book. If I'm right, there must be a seal on this book. With our strength, I'm afraid it's wishful thinking to open this book." The Book Immortal finally came to this conclusion.
Luo Zheng stared at this book, but in his heart, he was thinking of a way to break the seal. In fact, the books in the mountain below were enough for Luo Zheng to practice.
However, humans were like this. Luo Zheng had been offered over ten thousand cultivation techniques, yet he had not chosen one. Right now, there was only one cultivation technique that had not shown any signs of activity. Luo Zheng's curiosity rose in his heart. Regardless of whether this thing recorded any cultivation technique, he just wanted to open this unique book and take a look!
(Thank you Bian Qin for the 1K reading coins tip! ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝