Luo Zheng walked up and looked around. There wasn't anything special about this book. It was just a page thicker than a normal huge book and the color of the cover was a bit lighter.
The surface of the huge book in front of him was dark red.
Looking closely, he could see a thin layer of energy quietly flowing on the surface of this book.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng stared at the layer of energy on the surface and asked.
The book immortal shook his head and said, "It's just a layer of dust avoidance spell. Although I clean this library every day, there will always be some dust accumulation. Master used a lot of dust avoidance spells in here …"
Fu also circled the book a few times, then shook his head and said, "I know my master's personality. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn't leave these unsolvable puzzles. Even if he did, he wouldn't leave them in the library."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng asked, "Where is the master of this immortal mansion now?"
Even the puppet he created could live forever. One could imagine how powerful the master of this immortal mansion was. But where was the first master of this immortal mansion?
"Master went to the depths of the chaos and never came back," Afo murmured.
"The depths of the primordial chaos …" Luo Zheng suddenly thought of the Primordial Chaos Herding Cloud Record. The primordial chaos was almost boundless. He didn't know how many years had passed since he'd explored it, but it was already an unimaginable existence.
The book immortal was in deep thought.
He was a tamed demon of the library. It was a great humiliation for a book immortal to have something he didn't know about in the library! After all, he had stayed in the library for so many years. He couldn't just live like a dog!
After thinking for a long time, the book immortal said slowly, "This book is placed here. Naturally, it's a cultivation method that can be practiced."
"Nonsense," Afo said angrily.
The Book Immortal shook his head. "Master has collected countless cultivation techniques throughout his life. Moreover, he has learned and mastered all of them. He has taken all of them for his own use …"
When Luo Zheng heard the Book Immortal's words, a look of surprise appeared on his face. "Do you mean that he has practiced all of these cultivation methods?"
The Book Immortal replied, "More than that. There are more than ten thousand types of cultivation methods in the library. With Master's talent, he can master one of these Cultivation Methods in a day. This is a piece of cake for him. "
Luo Zheng was shocked. This kind of talent was probably so powerful that he couldn't understand it.
"However, in the ten thousand years before my master left, he had been worrying about one thing," the Immortal from the Book said.
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. "Such an almighty being is equivalent to an omnipotent existence. How can there be anything that requires him to work hard?"
The Immortal in the Book nodded. "Master is very resourceful. There are very few things in the world that can trouble him. However, he has spent 10,000 years doing one thing. He wants to absorb the chaos into his body and use it for himself!"
"Using the Chaos for his own use?" Luo Zheng's expression was once again filled with shock.
The Dantian of a warrior was the purest place!
It could be placed into the Dantian, such as Cultivation Methods and treasures, and used as a Sumeru Space.
However, the inner world formed in the dantian was still formed from the purest Quintessential Essence. Just like Feng Nianyun's inner world, the island, the vast Quintessential Essence sea, the lightning, and all the living beings were formed from Quintessential Essence.
On the other hand, Vital Essence was scattered all over the human body, including the five viscera and six bowels, muscles and tendons. These two kinds of energy did not interfere with each other. Even if Vital Essence could not be placed into the Dantian, how could the Chaos be absorbed into the body?
The Book Immortal nodded and said, "Yes. Master speculated that the Chaos is a kind of Origin Power. The Yin and Yang Qi also evolved from the Chaos. The Yin and Yang Qi evolved into the Four Symbols … Everything in the world is from the Chaos. Since the Qi of Heaven and Earth is also evolved from the Chaos, why can't the Chaos be a kind of Vital Essence?"
Luo Zheng was silent. It could only be said that the Book Immortal's thinking was on a much higher level than Luo Zheng's. Although he understood that the Book Immortal's deduction made some sense, which creature in the world would dare to do so? Most importantly, the Chaos was something outside the world. Perhaps even a Celestial Master could not escape the world and enter the Chaos.
"I found some information in a memoir left behind by my master. He did verify his method and compiled a cultivation method. However, this cultivation method seemed to have some restrictions and he couldn't practice it himself," said the immortal in the book. "I suspect that this cultivation method is recorded in this book …"
The Book Immortal had read all the books in the Book Pavilion. He could also recite the words left behind by the Immortal Mansion's owner. This deduction was indeed logical.
Even Afo, who had never trusted the Book Immortal, nodded. "Perhaps this is the method Master found. Unfortunately, this Cultivation Method does not seem to be able to be opened."
Luo Zheng looked at the Book Immortal, his curiosity growing.
To be honest, Luo Zheng did not lack Cultivation Methods. Moreover, in the past, Luo Zheng had not been given enough time to comprehend Cultivation Methods. Even now, Luo Zheng had not fully comprehended some Cultivation Methods. For instance, the Cultivation Method left behind by the Blood Demon Great Emperor and the Stellar Battle Body. Luo Zheng had only cultivated them to the second level …
However, Luo Zheng would eventually ascend to the higher realms. To be able to obtain the inheritance of the Immortal Mansion was also Luo Zheng's destiny. In the future, he would not be facing the geniuses of the boundless universe, but the geniuses of the 100,000 great worlds. Whether it was quantity or quality, they would all rise by an order of magnitude.
The Stellar Battle Body was an incomplete Transcendent Divine Might. Luo Zheng would certainly devote himself to cultivating it, but an incomplete Transcendent Divine Might had its flaws. For instance, Ning Yudie's Heart Sutra of the Nine Heavens was an incomplete Cultivation Method. She had encountered a bottleneck in her cultivation. Thus, choosing a Cultivation Method this time was extremely important to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not know what Cultivation Method the Mansion Master had written, but as the Book Immortal had said, if this Cultivation Method was so mystical, Luo Zheng would certainly want to take a look. However, whether or not he could cultivate it was another matter.
The key problem was that he could not open this Cultivation Method …
Strength alone might not be able to open it, but what if he used the Black Star Pickaxe?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out the Black Star Pickaxe. He wanted to use the Black Star Pickaxe to crush the cover of this Cultivation Method.
Seeing this, Afo and the Book Immortal's expressions changed. In an instant, Afo grabbed Luo Zheng's hand. "Please don't!"
The Book Immortal also quickly said, "Master hates it when others destroy his Cultivation Method. The Causality Law of the Pickaxe in your hand is indeed extraordinary, but if you want to crush the cover of this Cultivation Method, that is wishful thinking. Not to mention, if you really destroy this Cultivation Method, it will trigger the Cultivation Method of the Cultivation Method of the Cultivation Method Pavilion. That will be a big problem …"
Seeing the reaction of the two, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He was really helpless. Let alone cultivating the Cultivation Method of this Cultivation Method, he couldn't even open the Cultivation Method of this Cultivation Method.
However, at this moment, Su Lingyun, who was not far behind him, blinked her bright eyes and said, "This bookshelf … seems to have undergone some changes."
"Changed? Where did it change? "Afo asked.
Su Lingyun pointed at her feet. Everyone lowered their heads and looked over. They saw faint imprints under their feet. They seemed to be footprints …
These footprints were extremely faint. Coupled with the fact that the bookshelf was completely black, the crowd did not notice them at first. However, Su Lingyun had unintentionally noticed these footprints when she was looking around.
"Footprints! Where did these footprints come from? "Afo looked at the footprints and asked.
The Book Immortal's expression was strange. "I have cleaned every row of bookshelves countless times. I have never seen these footprints before!"
"Why else would I call you an idiot?" Afo rolled her eyes.
"Afo, how big is the Palace Master?" Luo Zheng looked at the footprints and asked.
Afo replied, "Master's body is huge. Although he can control his size, he is usually the same height as these bookshelves."