The mansion master's body was enormous, so he naturally couldn't have left these footprints behind. He must've done it on purpose!
"Why would he leave such a trail of footprints?" Afo asked curiously. "And the size of these footprints is exactly the same as a human's … Perhaps Master has already divined this day!"
No matter what, after the Myriad Books Chime, this special technique, and this path … No matter how one looked at it, it didn't seem like a coincidence, but a special arrangement.
"I think so too. With Master's great divine abilities, he can predict everything in the world. He should've been able to predict something like this!" The immortal agreed with Afo. "Master must've known in advance that Luo Zheng would one day step into the library! That's why he made this arrangement. No wonder I was able to detect Master's arrangements? Heh heh! "The immortal took the opportunity to console himself.
No …
Luo Zheng naturally didn't doubt the abilities of the mansion's master. For someone who transcended the universe, no matter how great their divine abilities were, it wouldn't be an exaggeration.
However, the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan and Yun Luo had already told him that he was a Fateless One. His fate couldn't be divined by anyone in the universe. Even Daoist Tian Miao's divination of his fate was fake.
Thinking about it, there were only two explanations. Either the mansion's master's abilities had reached a certain level, such that even Luo Zheng, as a Fateless One, could predict his fate, or it was just a coincidence …
Right now, it didn't matter. The most important thing was to open the book!
With this thought in mind, Luo Zheng dashed towards the other end of the bookshelf. The faint footprints extended from the center of the bookshelf all the way to the end of the bookshelf, right in front of the huge book.
Luo Zheng stepped in, moving along the bookshelf's footprints.
To his surprise, as soon as Luo Zheng's feet touched the bookshelf, he felt an enormous gravitational force. It was as if his feet were welded to the bookshelf, making it difficult for him to lift his feet!
"This …" Luo Zheng frowned. He tried to erupt with vital essence and lift his feet …
However, just the eruption of Vital Essence did not cause the slightest movement. The force on his feet was shockingly strong, but he did not move at all!
Seeing that Luo Zheng couldn't move, Book Immortal, Afo, and the three girls all gathered around.
"Can't you walk?" Afo stared at Luo Zheng's legs and asked.
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a smile, "It's okay. I can walk!"
Luo Zheng was very confident in his own strength. Gritting his teeth, Luo Zheng instantly activated the power of 3000 dragon scales. After brewing for a while, he lifted his legs!
Still, he did not move an inch!
"This …" Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air. He didn't expect the gravitational force of the footprints to be so strong. But then, an unconvinced expression appeared on his face.
Four thousand …
Five thousand pieces …
Even though Luo Zheng had raised his strength to the limit, his feet still didn't move an inch!
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He didn't expect that it would be so difficult to walk along the footprints. He couldn't even move a single step.
The power of 5000 dragon scales was already close to Luo Zheng's limit. Just now, when he poured this power into his legs and tried to pull them up, he felt a burning sensation in his legs. If he used more strength, his legs would probably break.
"If I can't pull them out, won't I be nailed to these footprints for the rest of my life?" Thinking of this, Luo Zheng tried to retreat.
Unexpectedly, as he retreated, his feet were lifted up easily. Because he used too much strength, Luo Zheng staggered back a few steps and almost fell to the ground.
After steadying himself, Luo Zheng looked at the footprints. His eyes gradually calmed down.
At this time, Book Immortal said, "Hehe, it's in line with Master's usual style. Although I don't know why Master set it up like this, we'll understand what he means by 'difficult to advance and easy to retreat'!"
Difficult to advance and easy to retreat …
Although it was extremely difficult to advance, it was extremely easy to retreat. This principle was simple, but how many people in history could actually do it? Most people understood this principle, but when it came to a critical moment, they would still retreat in the face of difficulties.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. His eyes were filled with determination. He stepped on the footprints again!
The three women didn't say anything.
They knew that they shouldn't say anything now, but they were still slightly worried.
On the other hand, Xi Youqin looked at Luo Zheng in a daze. She was extremely happy with Luo Zheng's serious expression. At this time, men were the most charming.
Luo Zheng's feet were once again firmly glued to the footprints. Since the Palace Master had set up such a path, it was impossible for it to be completely unbreakable. This time, Luo Zheng was fully prepared. First, he relaxed his body. Then, he took a deep breath!
Since five thousand dragon scales couldn't move his feet, then he would use six thousand dragon scales!
After breaking through the Life and Death realm, Luo Zheng's cultivation base had increased, and the amount of dragon scales he could bear had also increased. However, when he reached the limit of 6000 dragon scales, his body had reached its limit!
Under this sudden increase in size, bloody wounds appeared on his body again.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Three bloody wounds appeared on Luo Zheng's chest and back. Blood shot out like arrows.
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng tried to lift one of his feet.
"It still doesn't work …"
"Six thousand one hundred dragon scales!"
"Puff!"
The fourth bloody wound appeared.
"Rise again!"
His feet still didn't move.
"Six thousand two hundred dragon scales!"
"Puff!"
Still didn't move …
"Six thousand three hundred dragon scales …"
Six thousand four hundred dragon scales …
Six thousand five hundred dragon scales …
Six thousand six hundred dragon scales …
As the power continued to increase, more and more bloody wounds appeared on Luo Zheng's body.
The Book Immortal's face revealed a strange expression. "Where did this kid get such a powerful power? This power has already surpassed the limit of his body … "
Afo shook his head, his expression indifferent.
As for the three girls, their hearts were filled with more and more worry. They resisted the urge to say anything! Su Lingyun's heart was also filled with regret. If she had known earlier, she wouldn't have reminded him about the footprints on the ground. But then again, even if she hadn't said anything, Luo Zheng would have found out sooner or later.
"Six thousand seven hundred dragon scales! Rise! "
This time, Luo Zheng finally kicked his right foot! The moment his right foot stepped out, it took a step forward and firmly sucked on the footprints in front of him.
Luo Zheng forcibly held back this power and lifted his left foot!
"Step forward!"
Because the power was suppressing all the blood vessels in Luo Zheng's body, the small blood vessels in his eyes burst one after another. Therefore, his eyes looked completely red, as if they were bloodshot!
One step …
Two steps …
Three steps …
In fact, Luo Zheng could display his strongest combat strength by keeping it at five thousand dragon scales. If he forcibly raised it to six thousand dragon scales, his body would be close to its limit. Just suppressing the violent power in his body would give Luo Zheng a headache!
Therefore, Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast. He was half as fast as an ordinary person's walking speed. It was as if he was walking while carrying a mountain!
Four steps, five steps, six steps …
With each step, Luo Zheng's body would burst open with a bloody wound. At the same time, a blood arrow would shoot out from his clothes.
One of the blood arrows shot toward Su Lingyun. Fortunately, Ning Yudie reacted quickly. She waved her hand and an ice crystal shield blocked the blood arrow. The power of the blood arrow alone made a dent in the ice crystal shield condensed by Ning Yudie. Looking at the dent on the shield, Ning Yudie's eyes were filled with horror.
What kind of terrifying power was Luo Zheng's body …
Su Lingyun stretched out her hand and touched the dent on the ice crystal shield. When the blood arrow hit the ice crystal shield, it was frozen by the cold air. Touching the blood mark, Su Lingyun was stunned and speechless.
Seven steps, eight steps, nine steps …
The limit …
Luo Zheng suddenly exhaled. That breath was also stained with Luo Zheng's blood. It spurted out a red mist — his internal organs couldn't withstand this powerful force and were injured.
"Huchi, huchi …"