At this moment, Xi Youqin took the initiative to step forward. She took out a white silk handkerchief and wiped the sweat off Luo Zheng's face.
After wiping twice, the handkerchief was already soaked with sweat and blood!
Xi Youqin winked at Luo Zheng and gently wiped his face. She smiled and said, "Good luck!"
Compared to Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, Xi Youqin wasn't too worried. Or rather, she didn't think too much about it. On the contrary, she admired Luo Zheng's struggling appearance the most. This was the time when a man was most charming.
Luo Zheng nodded and prepared to take out the elixir. However, Ning Yudie had already prepared a milky white elixir and handed it to him.
After receiving it from Ning Yudie, he swallowed it. The elixir from the Cloud Hall was naturally not bad. Moreover, although Luo Zheng's injuries looked terrible, they weren't that serious. Moreover, Luo Zheng's recovery speed was far beyond that of ordinary people. Under the stimulation of the elixir, Luo Zheng's wounds quickly healed. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, other than the tears on his clothes caused by the blood arrows, he was completely healed!
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally figured out what was going on with these footprints. Not to mention Luo Zheng, even if those almighty experts of the Divine Ocean Realm or the Ultimate Divine Realm personally stepped on this path, their situation would probably be the same as his!
This path should be a test of Luo Zheng's extreme strength. Only by squeezing himself to the limit could he move forward on this path!
Retreat? That was easy. He could easily leave by taking a step back. However, all his previous efforts would be wasted!
"The thing I'm least afraid of is a test!" Although looking at the distance of several thousand steps ahead of him, Luo Zheng still felt a little dizzy. However, he didn't have the slightest intention of retreating.
"Go!"
The majestic power of the dragon scale once again poured into Luo Zheng's body. As arrows of blood shot out, he once again took a step forward.
This time, Luo Zheng took ten steps. The price he paid was twelve wounds on his body.
Just as he stopped, Ning Yudie had already decisively stuffed a pill into Luo Zheng's mouth. At this time, Ning Yudie said softly, "I still have 40 Snow Jade Muscle Pills. In addition to this, I also have 50 Rejuvenation Pills. However, there are about 3000 footprints …"
Ning Yudie was worried that these pills wouldn't be enough to support Luo Zheng to cross this path.
Hearing Ning Yudie's words, Xi Youqin quickly checked her own Sumeru Ring and smiled in embarrassment. Although her Sumeru Space was neatly stacked with many things, most of them were clothes of various styles and some other things. As for pills, there was not a single one.
Su Lingyun said, "I still have some elixirs here …"
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed, "Those pills of yours are useless."
Su Lingyun's face reddened. Naturally, the pills she had couldn't compare with the pills of the Cloud Hall's Hall Master. The best pill Su Lingyun had was only grade five. As for the pills in Ning Yudie's hands, they were grade seven and grade eight pills. In the Central Domain, they were the best pills. Just one pill alone was probably equivalent to the annual expenses of the Blue Cloud Sect.
"It's all the same! I can get through it. Besides, I still have some spare pills! "Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
The Book Immortal didn't say anything, but Afo shook his head and said, "It's a pity that the alchemy room hasn't been opened yet. I can't get the pills for you this time! But then again, the alchemy furnace in the alchemy room has been brewing for countless years. I remember that when the master left, there was a furnace of pills that hadn't been refined. I don't know how the alchemy room is doing now … "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled. Generally speaking, the longer the alchemy, the better. In fact, if the alchemy room was brewed for too long, the furnace might explode.
However, the power of the master of the Immortal Mansion was naturally incomparable. If he could open the alchemy room in the future, he would benefit immensely.
Of course, this wasn't something he wanted to do at this stage. There was still a difficult road ahead of him!
Luo Zheng didn't stop for too long. When the wounds on his body had just healed, he took a deep breath and activated the power of more than six thousand dragon scales. He continued to move forward!
As he moved forward, the path behind him was filled with dense bloodstains. As for the white robe on his body, it was already riddled with holes. After being completely dyed red, it was a pure blood-stained robe!
Luo Zheng had no choice but to change his robe. However, after less than a hundred steps, it was also covered in blood.
After a full two hours, Luo Zheng finally reached the middle of the bookshelf. The Book Immortal couldn't help but shake his head. "This test set by the master is too cruel."
Afo also agreed. "Even if the master wanted to test Luo Zheng's limit, he didn't need to set so many footprints … One or two hundred steps are enough. Why bother with three thousand steps? Ordinary warriors can't bear it at all!"
As long as one was willing to grit their teeth, everyone could fight to the limit. Especially when between life and death, warriors could often display extraordinary potential. The problem was that in these thousands of steps, almost every step had to uncover one's limit. This was too much of a test of one's willpower.
Although Luo Zheng had already walked half the distance, they doubted whether Luo Zheng could bear it.
Luo Zheng's face was getting paler and paler …
Even if Luo Zheng had the body of a saint tool, and even if Luo Zheng had many high-grade pills to heal himself, the blood in his body was not infinite. Along the way, he had lost count of how much blood he had spurted out. He felt more and more tired, and his legs felt like they were filled with lead. Even with the support of the dragon scale's power, he found it difficult to take another step.
One thousand seven hundred steps …
But he had already walked more than half the distance. It would be a pity to give up now. Luo Zheng was so tired that he didn't even bother to think. In front of him were only the shallow footprints.
The remaining footprints extended to the front of the huge book. Each of the footprints looked like a demon, mocking Luo Zheng on the ground.
Even if he gritted his teeth, Luo Zheng was still weak. This was the manifestation of his strength being exhausted …
"Huchi, huchi …" Standing in place, Luo Zheng's eyes were a little sluggish.
Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun looked at Luo Zheng's appearance and felt very distressed. But other than encouraging Luo Zheng, they didn't know how to help him.
At this moment, Xi Youqin walked forward with light steps and hugged Luo Zheng. The blood on his body hadn't dried yet, and it soaked her chest red. Xi Youqin sniffed, and a sweet fishy smell rushed into her nose. She said, "What a strong smell of blood!"
"What are you doing?" Luo Zheng was almost leaning on Xi Youqin's body.
"Nothing, I'm just encouraging you!" Xi Youqin said with a smile.
Luo Zheng smiled, "Are you afraid that I'll give up?"
Xi Youqin shook her head, but her face was full of confidence, "Of course not. How could my husband give up so easily?"
In the depths of Xi Youqin's heart, there was still a big grudge against the Dual Cultivation Ceremony in the Cloud Hall. It was just that she didn't show it. She was thinking about holding an even grander Dual Cultivation Ceremony with Luo Zheng when she went to the Upper Realm in the future. She wanted to invite all the almighty figures in the universe. They had to be people with a reputation, like "Nameless" and "Indefinite". Not only that, she wanted to invite all the Celestial Venerables!
That Dual Cultivation Ceremony would definitely be a thousand times, ten thousand times grander than the one he and Ning Yudie had …
She only knew about the title of Celestial Venerables after she became Indefinite Old Man's disciple. In fact, she didn't realize what kind of person a Celestial Venerate was. If the creatures in the Upper Realm heard about it, they would probably be scared out of their wits.
"Of course I won't give up!"
After resting for a while, Luo Zheng started walking again.
Although there was no danger on this road, this was probably the most strenuous test Luo Zheng had ever taken. After all, with every step, Luo Zheng had to squeeze his limits. There were more than 3,000 footprints here, and Luo Zheng had to squeeze himself 3,000 times.
Even if it was a holy weapon, under such repeated squeezing, it would probably become slag …
＝＝＝＝＝