Luo Zheng always believed that the more effort he put in, the more he would get in return!
However, if he reached the end and found out that it was just a prank left by the Mansion Master, Luo Zheng would accept it!
He had always been lucky, but it was impossible for a person to have a smooth journey all the way. Luo Zheng knew that, so he could only hold on to the belief in his heart and keep moving forward.
However, this path could only be described with the word "tragic".
In the second half of the journey, Luo Zheng rested longer and longer, and it became more and more difficult for him to move forward. He spent most of his time resting!
The good thing was that there was no time limit on this path. After two thousand steps, Luo Zheng's rest time was calculated in hours.
After two thousand five hundred steps, Luo Zheng rested for one day and one night for every one hundred steps he took!
The patience of the three women was naturally very good. In any case, being able to follow their husband was a happy thing for them. It was the same wherever they were.
As for Afo and the Book Immortal, they had been in this world for too long … For them, this little bit of time was like the blink of an eye!
One hundred steps a day.
It took Luo Zheng seven days to complete the remaining seven hundred steps!
After seven days, Luo Zheng's right foot finally stepped on the last footprint …
At the same time, a ray of light suddenly burst out from behind Luo Zheng!
At the starting point of the footprints, a faint figure appeared. That figure quickly walked along Luo Zheng's footsteps. The distance of three thousand steps was covered in an instant. Then, the figure brushed past Luo Zheng and walked toward the huge book.
When the figure walked toward the huge book, he gently turned the book over. The cover of the huge book that couldn't be opened was suddenly opened!
"It's open!" The Book Immortal saw the figure. "Is this … Is this the Master?"
Fu also stared at the shadow for a long time, but he couldn't figure it out. "Maybe it is, maybe it isn't …" The shadow was too blurry, and there was no way to identify it. Maybe it was just a shadow left behind by the master.
The moment the book was opened, everyone saw a door on the first page of the book!
It was a door drawn on the book. The drawing of the door was very lifelike, but it was just a drawing after all.
However, at this moment, the figure walked towards the door and reached out his hand to touch the drawing of the door. He gently pushed the door, and the drawing moved on its own. The originally tightly shut door opened just like that.
"This is so fun! The drawing can move!" Xi Youqin said with a smile.
Ning Yudie glanced at Xi Youqin indifferently. Although she also thought that the drawing was amazing, she was very displeased when this girl added the word "fun" to everything. After all, Luo Zheng had put in a lot of effort to open the door.
After the door on the painting was opened, a pitch-black space appeared behind the door. The figure took a step into the space and pointed at Luo Zheng as soon as he took a step in.
"Let me in?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
That figure nodded his head.
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng stepped forward and followed the figure into the door.
"I'm going in too!" Xi Youqin said with a smile.
"Absolutely not!" The Book Immortal beside her quickly stopped her.
"Do you want to die?" Ning Yudie said angrily. Although the immortal mansion was not dangerous, it was strange everywhere. Luo Zheng was qualified to enter because he had to go through this path. One could imagine what would happen to Xi Youqin if she barged in like this!
Xi Youqin clicked her tongue and said with a smile, "I'm just kidding!"
Ning Yudie rolled her eyes and ignored Xi Youqin. As for Su Lingyun, she pursed her lips and snickered at the side.
Luo Zheng followed the figure into the painted door. This step was indeed a different world. However, just as Luo Zheng entered, the drawing began to move again, and the originally open door slowly closed.
As the door closed, the light from behind disappeared in an instant. Luo Zheng was immersed in darkness and couldn't see anything.
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, a voice rang out in this dark space. "You can pass my Extreme Path. Your perseverance can be considered a talent. However, you don't know what is in this book. What is it that supported you to pass this path?"
Suddenly hearing this question, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. This question was somewhat difficult to answer. After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "I just thought that since this path is so difficult, the reward shouldn't be bad …"
"Frank enough! This old man likes it. Hahaha! "
Amidst the maniacal laughter, the darkness disappeared in an instant, and a seven-colored light appeared in the surroundings. The light flowed slowly, outlining countless irregular patterns. The figure who had opened the book previously stood in front of Luo Zheng.
"This cultivation method this old man created must be cultivated before breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm. Once the Divine Sea is opened in the dantian, the embryonic form of the Inner World will be formed. At that time, it will be too late to exchange the Primal Chaos for True Origin …" the figure said indifferently.
Indeed …
The book immortal was indeed very knowledgeable. He knew the Palace Master very well!
The book immortal knew that the Palace Master had spent a lot of time to create a cultivation method. However, the book immortal didn't know why the Palace Master couldn't cultivate this cultivation method.
It turned out that the prerequisite for cultivating this cultivation method was to not open the Inner World!
Life and Death Realm experts had to liquefy their dantian. When Luo Zheng was in the late stage of the False Tribulation Realm, his True Origin had begun to liquefy. After breaking through the Life and Death Realm, it even began to solidify! However, he hadn't broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, so the Inner World hadn't been formed yet.
"However, this cultivation method I created is just an inference. After all, this cultivation method is just an embryonic form. I'm afraid that you will have to comprehend and explore on your own in the future. It's very possible that … the end of this cultivation method is a dead end, a dead end! However, it's also possible to open a new path. Do you dare to cultivate it? "the figure asked Luo Zheng again.
According to the Palace Master's words, he hadn't finished compiling this cultivation method. He had only deduced it based on his profound knowledge. Up until now, even he himself hadn't succeeded in cultivating this cultivation method …
There were many such cultivation methods in the entire universe. Even in the Central Domain and the Eastern Domain, there were many of them.
To put it bluntly, this was just a concept!
For instance, someone in the Central Domain had proposed the concept of 'Stellar Body Forging'. Perhaps this concept was correct. For instance, Luo Zheng's Stellar Battle Body was able to draw upon the power of the stars. It wasn't impossible to use this to temper one's body. But, that didn't mean that a martial artist from the Central Domain could compile a transcendent divine might like the Stellar Battle Body!
The gap between concepts and reality was often enormous. This enormous difference was enough to reach the point of being completely unrelated …
Of course, the disparity between the people of the Central Domain and this Palace Master was simply unimaginable. This Palace Master's supernatural powers had already surpassed the universe, and might even surpass the Heavenly Dao. This wasn't something that the average person could hope to achieve. According to his deductions, the concepts he deduced were naturally much more reliable!
From his words, Luo Zheng could hear a strong self-confidence!
Thus, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He immediately nodded and said, "I dare!"
The figure faintly smiled. "Very good. Then kneel!"
"Kneel?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows shot up.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the figure chuckled. "You don't want to? You want to cultivate my inheritance, but you aren't even willing to take me as your master? "
Take a master …
Ever since Luo Zheng stepped onto the road of martial arts, he had never had a true master.
Su Lingyun was Luo Zheng's mentor, not a master in the traditional sense. As for Ning Yudie, she was the Hall Master of the Cloud Hall. At best, Luo Zheng could only be her subordinate …
Luo Zheng didn't think that after stepping into this book, he would have to take someone as his master. For a time, he hesitated.