Seeing this, Luo Zheng no longer hesitated and knelt down respectfully towards the figure.
Luo Zheng's hesitation was due to the fact that he was about to become a disciple. However, a thought flashed through his mind in an instant. Since he had accepted the Mansion Master's mantle, it was inevitable for him to become a disciple. A man should not kneel down. How could Luo Zheng easily kneel to others?
However, since he had chosen to become a disciple, he would not be pretentious. Naturally, he bowed according to the rules.
However, the Mansion Master was an extremely detached person. He was indifferent to the ceremony of becoming a disciple. Just as Luo Zheng was about to kowtow, an invisible force stopped Luo Zheng and helped him up.
"Alright …" The Mansion Master nodded calmly. "Cultivators like us don't care about worldly etiquette. Since you're willing to acknowledge me as your master, I'll naturally impart the cultivation method in this book to you. Do you know why I set up such a path in front of this book?"
"Disciple does not know," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
The Mansion Master continued, "I have spent thousands of years and countless deductions. In the end, I have created a brand new path. I do not know what the end of this path is, but the starting point of this Cultivation Method is to replace the Qi with the Primal Chaos. That is to forcibly shatter the Dantian and then lead the Primal Chaos into the body. This pain is something that only those with great perseverance can endure! Although you have walked the path outside with your own perseverance, I still want to remind you that the pain of replacing the Primal Chaos with the Primal Chaos is far from what you can imagine. Do you understand? "
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a serious expression, "Disciple understands."
The Mansion Master smiled faintly and said, "It is useless to say 'understand' now. When the time comes, you will understand the pain." After that, the Mansion Master looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Strange, you seem to have the Primal Chaos Dipper in your body? You seem to have used the Primal Chaos Dipper to temper your body? "
Luo Zheng nodded, as if the secrets of his body could not be hidden from the Mansion Master's eyes.
"Your body is a little strange." The Palace Master nodded slightly, but he did not reveal the secret of Luo Zheng's body. "Body tempering is also a very painful thing, but the pain caused by using the Primal Chaos to replace vital essence is probably a thousand times more intense than body tempering …"
Pain was originally something that could not be quantified. Some pain might seem unbearable to some, but others could feel it.
However, this Manor Head knew that there was a difference of a thousand times. Presumably, he understood this pain very well. It was obvious that what he said was true.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Since you've already acknowledged me as your disciple, I've already made preparations!"
"Yes." Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Palace Master said, "Since you were able to endure that path, your temperament is worthy of recognition. Then, I will plant that trace of chaos in you!"
After he finished speaking, the Mansion Master pointed into the distance, and a gray mist swept out from the depths of the space.
"This is the Primal Chaos?" Luo Zheng stared at the gray mist and raised his eyebrows slightly.
After the Primal Chaos circled in the air, it shot toward Luo Zheng's abdomen and instantly entered Luo Zheng's Dantian.
From beginning to end, Luo Zheng did not feel the slightest difference. However, when the mist entered his Dantian, he felt a slight pain in his abdomen, as if it was being pricked by needles.
"I have already planted this Primal Chaos in you," the Palace Master said faintly.
Luo Zheng tried to circulate his vital essence. He did not feel anything unusual, nor did he feel any unbearable pain. A trace of confusion appeared on his face. He thought that he would be in excruciating pain right now, but now he felt nothing at all.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, the Palace Master smiled faintly, "The Primal Chaos has only been planted in your Dantian. Master will teach you a set of Cultivation Methods to cultivate the Primal Chaos. At that time, you will understand …"
After he finished speaking, the world around him spun, and a series of mysterious Cultivation Methods were directly injected into Luo Zheng's mind. However, when the Palace Master was injecting the Cultivation Methods into Luo Zheng's mind, he softly exclaimed in surprise. The Nine True Dragons … were actually suppressed by the Divine Flame Cauldron …
"Hehe, this disciple's opportunity is not small." With the Palace Master's magical power, how could he accept an ordinary person as a disciple?
In fact, in these endless years, he had only accepted a total of two disciples. It was just that he did not mention it to Luo Zheng. His disciples had their own opportunities, and as a master, he would not interfere too much. However, when he thought of the origin of the Divine Flame Cauldron, he could not help but remind him, "If you ascend to the Upper Realm in the future, you cannot reveal the Divine Flame Cauldron in your mind. Before you grow up, you must keep it as your biggest secret!"
"The Divine Flame Cauldron!" Luo Zheng also knew that it was impossible for him to hide his secret from his master. However, when his master mentioned the name of the mysterious furnace, Luo Zheng was naturally surprised.
Of course, Luo Zheng knew that the mysterious furnace's origin was not small. However, Qing Long was unwilling to tell him, and Luo Zheng had no way to look it up. How could he know the name of the mysterious furnace?
Now, he knew the name of the mysterious furnace from his master.
However, his master seemed to have no intention of talking about the Divine Flame Cauldron. He only said, "Although I only left a projection in this book, since I accepted you as my disciple today, I don't have any gifts for you. I'm afraid these things will be of use to you in the future …"
After he finished speaking, the figure gently waved his hand, and several shiny things floated towards Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng expressed his thanks, he collected the golden lights in his hand. He discovered that they were actually several shiny fragments. However, within these transparent fragments, there were several treasures sealed within them.
"Alright, I've been away for too long. This spiritual projection can only exist for a short period of time. Since I've already planted the seed of chaos in you and taught you a cultivation method … you must cultivate diligently. Perhaps one day, I'll be able to return from the endless Outer Realm. Then, I'll inspect the strength of my cheap disciple …" The figure's voice grew fainter and fainter.
"How do I use these things?" Luo Zheng held the fragments in his hand and asked. These treasures were not even as big as one of Luo Zheng's fingers. They looked too small.
"Just crush them …" The figure grew fainter and fainter, and his voice became inaudible.
"Crush them?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. Looking at the figure that had completely disappeared, he asked curiously, "Cheap disciple … How is that cheap?"
At this moment, Qinglong's voice floated out. "Hehe, he picked up a disciple like you for free. Of course, he's the one who took advantage of you!" Qinglong didn't dare to speak earlier, but he also knew that since Luo Zheng's master had discovered the Godly Flame Cauldron, he must have also discovered the nine true dragons. However, he wasn't interested in pointing it out. If he didn't point it out, Qinglong naturally wouldn't take the initiative to reveal himself.
"You call that taking advantage of me?" Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
He had entered the Immortal Mansion and obtained a cultivation method. Now, he had also obtained these "free gifts". No matter how he looked at it, Luo Zheng had taken advantage of him.
Qing Long, on the other hand, chuckled and said, "To be able to take in a being who has cultivated a Great Success Lotus Flower as my disciple, this is naturally a bargain …" Qing Long's point of view was naturally different from Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng didn't dwell on this issue for too long. At this moment, another door appeared in the space behind him. It must be the door on the painting outside that had opened again. Luo Zheng carefully examined the glittering fragments in his hand as he flew outside.
During this process, Luo Zheng crushed one of the fragments according to his master's instructions. The fragment was hard but very brittle. With a light pinch, it shattered. In the first fragment, a palm-sized carving appeared. It was a carving of a bear with its mouth wide open.
"What's this?" Luo Zheng curiously sized up the carving, but his face was full of confusion.
Even the experienced and knowledgeable Qinglong stared at the palm-sized carving with a pensive look on his face.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the huge book and walked out of the painting. Seeing the carving in Luo Zheng's hand, the Immortal in the Book laughed and said, "Master really left his inheritance in this book. He even left the Roaring Token to you!"