What the hell is the Roaring Command?
Luo Zheng stared at the Immortal of Books with a puzzled expression.
The Immortal of Books shook his head and was about to show off his knowledge. However, Afo said directly, "The Roaring Command is the Roaring Command. It's an old item that our master once used. It can be used to shout in the universe. When you use the Roaring Command to shout, your voice will spread throughout the universe. The Roaring Command is very common in the universe, but our master's Roaring Command is a little special. It can be used infinitely, hehe."
"Infinitely!" Qinglong roared in Luo Zheng's mind again.
"How can there be such a damn thing?" The Red Dragon, who didn't like to talk much, roared at the same time.
The two dragons' inexplicable excitement made Luo Zheng's mind shake. Afo's words made Luo Zheng feel a little dizzy. According to Afo's words, the Roaring Command was just a tool to shout, and it didn't seem to be anything important. Why were the two dragons so excited?
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng helplessly asked Qinglong in his mind.
Qinglong let out a long sigh and said in a tone of disbelief, "Although I know that the master of this immortal mansion is probably a True God who has surpassed the Heavenly Dao, I didn't expect him to have such a treasure …"
"What do you mean? Can you explain it more clearly?" Luo Zheng was a little helpless. Since it was just a tool to shout, how could it be worth Qinglong's attention? When Luo Zheng got the Black Star Pickaxe, Qinglong didn't feel much. Could it be that the Roaring Command was even more valuable than a Supreme Artifact?
Qinglong said, "The Hundred Thousand Worlds are too vast. It's very difficult to communicate in the universe. However, the Roaring Command can let your voice spread throughout the universe!"
"Oh …" Afo had already explained it, so Qinglong naturally repeated it. Was it that important to spread the message throughout the universe?
Seeing Luo Zheng's disapproving face, Qinglong could only smile helplessly. "You'll know after you ascend. Spreading it around the world means you have a certain right to speak! Therefore, every race and every force has an almost unlimited demand for Roaring Tokens! "
Qinglong didn't know how to explain it to Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the Upper Realm was made up of 100,000 Great Realms, he did not have a clear understanding of the scope of 100,000 Great Realms.
It was already extremely difficult to coordinate and mobilize the forces of a Great World, let alone some races. For example, the three great forces of the human race occupied almost ten thousand Great Worlds.
Communication, in such a wide range, became a huge problem! Fortunately, he had something like the Roaring Command.
Why was the Roaring Command named "Roaring"? It had to be explained from a type of Divine Beast. It was the unique Divine Beast in the Great World, the "Roaring Celestial Tapir".
The Roaring Celestial Tapir was not particularly powerful among the Divine Beasts, but after they reached adulthood, they had a kind of innate Divine Ability. This innate Divine Ability contained a kind of Karma Law. It was through this Karma Law that the Roaring Celestial Tapir could spread throughout the universe!
Some almighty Celestial Masters discovered this innate Divine Ability of the Roaring Celestial Tapir. With a flash of inspiration, they killed the Roaring Celestial Tapir and took its throat, allowing the craftsmen in the clan to create the "Roaring Command".
This Roaring Command was enough to spread the command of a Celestial Master throughout the universe!
From then on, the fate of Divine Beasts like the Roaring Celestial Tapir became extremely tragic!
At that time, the Roaring Command was once rampant. Even some Realm Lords in the universe had a large number of Roaring Commands. In the universe, one would often suddenly hear the voice of an unknown person!
The most ridiculous time was when two clans that regarded each other as mortal enemies used the Roaring Command to curse each other across hundreds of Great Worlds. That war of words lasted for a few months, causing countless living beings in the universe to suffer unspeakably.
Hence, some Celestial Masters had no choice but to use the Roaring Command to warn them. If the two clans continued to curse each other, they had to be careful of their own territories …
However, the warning was not very useful. If a reputable figure used the Roaring Command indiscriminately, the Celestial Masters would find trouble with them. However, they could use some nameless figures. The sound of the Roaring Command would spread throughout the universe. No one would be able to trace the source. If they did not reveal their identity, no one would be able to find out who used the Roaring Command.
Fortunately, the number of Roaring Celestial Tapirs was not endless.
There was definitely a large number of Divine Beasts in the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds. However, with so many clans, they all needed the Roaring Command. It could be said that whoever had more Roaring Commands would have a certain degree of authority.
A Roaring Celestial Tapir could only make one Roaring Command. Even the best craftsmen could only make about two. Hence, the number of Roaring Celestial Tapirs began to decrease rapidly.
In the end, they became extremely rare items!
As their numbers decreased, the value of the Roaring Celestial Tapirs naturally increased. In the end, ordinary Sector Lords could not afford to use the Roaring Command at all. Hence, after a few hundred years of clamor, everyone's ears finally quieted down …
Currently, there were still a considerable number of Roaring Commands in the universe. This was because some large factions had begun to raise Divine Beasts like the Roaring Celestial Tapirs. However, the growth of Divine Beasts was very slow. The value of the Roaring Command was still high. In the Hundred Thousand Great Worlds, some Sector Lords had one or two Roaring Commands. However, under normal circumstances, they could not bear to use them indiscriminately.
As for the Celestial Venerables, although they had more Roaring Commands, they would not use them indiscriminately.
After hearing Qinglong's words, Luo Zheng understood a little …
He did not expect that a tool for shouting would be so important. However, after thinking about it, he immediately understood the use of the Roaring Command in his hands …
To put it bluntly, this thing could be used to shout to the entire universe an unlimited number of times.
To give a simple example, if the Human Race and the Demon Race were to fight in thousands of Great Worlds, it would be extremely inconvenient for them to communicate with each other. Perhaps a fierce battle would break out in a certain Great World. By the time the reinforcements from both sides heard the news and rushed over, the fierce battle would have ended a few years ago. This was the use of the Roaring Command!
To put it even more simply, if two sides were to fight, if one side had more Roaring Commands, insulted and belittled the other side all day long, and even made up some false information to tell the other side, it would be a great blow to the other side's morale!
If one side had too few Roaring Commands, or none at all, then one could only watch helplessly …
Holding the Roaring Command in his hands, Luo Zheng laughed mischievously. This was indeed a good thing!
Luo Zheng did not forget that he still had an important purpose, and that was to find his sister. Although he judged that Luo Yan's life was not in danger, the problem was that how could he tolerate Luo Yan being taken away by some unknown person?
If he ascended to the Upper World in the future, Luo Zheng might use this Roaring Command to shout and see if Luo Yan would respond.
"I just don't understand how the Mansion Master could make this Roaring Command that can be used infinitely …" Qinglong still could not believe it.
"Who cares …" Luo Zheng was too lazy to think about this matter. As long as this thing was useful, it was fine.
After stuffing the Roaring Command into the Sumeru Ring, Luo Zheng immediately crushed the second fragment. As he crushed it, a shiny shackle appeared in the fragment. Luo Zheng pulled the shackle and said with a speechless face, "This … What the hell is this?"
Originally, he thought that his master's gift would most likely be a Supreme Artifact … At the very least, it would be a Divine Artifact! Why are there so many weird things here?
Afo looked at the shackle and said with a smile, "This is the Life Ending Shackle!"
"Life Ending Shackle?" Luo Zheng asked again, "What's the use of this?"
Afo said, "When you first stepped into the Immortal Mansion, did you trigger a 'Life Ending Battle' in the pavilion?"
Luo Zheng nodded. Luo Zheng still remembered the Life Ending Battle vividly. Everyone was connected by a special energy and fought to the death because only one could survive in the end!
"That's it. The Life Ending Shackle can bind you and your opponent. The shackle will only open after the battle of life and death. Even if you chain a Celestial Master with you, if that Celestial Master can't kill you, he can't leave either!"
＝＝＝＝＝