Luo Zheng would never lock himself up with a Celestial Master unless he was out of his mind.
However, after listening to Afo's explanation, Luo Zheng immediately understood that the Life Extinguishing Shackles was indeed very useful. If he encountered an opponent whose strength was similar to his, as long as he was locked by the Life Extinguishing Shackles, he would not be able to escape.
Compared to the Roaring Command, the Life Extinguishing Shackles were much more practical for Luo Zheng. After all, it was up to Luo Zheng whether to lock himself up or not …
After stuffing the Life Extinguishing Shackles into the Sumeru Ring, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to crush the remaining fragments. He was more anxious to understand the Cultivation Method that his Master had just taught him!
His master had directly imprinted the cultivation method into Luo Zheng's mind. This cultivation method was created by his master, so naturally, it was named by him as well. It was called the "Primal Chaos Secret Technique". It was just that the word "secret technique" was added after the word "primal chaos". This way of naming was suspected of being lazy.
However, just like how the strength of a warrior did not depend on the warrior's name, the strength of a Cultivation Method was naturally not determined by the name of the Cultivation Method.
Luo Zheng was actually somewhat worried about the Cultivation Method. After all, the Mansion Master had only deduced it, and he himself had not practiced it. However, this was the way of the world. If there were many people walking on a road, it would naturally be easy to walk on it. However, the benefits at the end of the road would have long been divided up.
The road that Luo Zheng was walking on might be a road that no one had ever walked before. Once he walked on it, who knew what he would find at the end?
Luo Zheng followed the method recorded in the Cultivation Method and slowly condensed the Qi in his Dantian. The wisp of Primal Chaos Qi that had originally disappeared suddenly jumped up and down in his Dantian. At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood what pain was!
The moment the pain was transmitted, the blood on Luo Zheng's face suddenly disappeared. His face was as pale as a sheet of white paper. He could not move at all. Even his instinct to howl had disappeared …
"What happened?" Seeing that their husband had entered the book and seemed to have obtained some inheritance, the three women's faces were filled with joy. However, Luo Zheng's complexion suddenly changed, causing Ning Yudie to ask nervously.
This pain came from Luo Zheng's dantian. It was like a rough file was constantly being filed against his dantian. The dantian was the most important place for a martial artist. How sensitive was this place? The pain was transmitted, stimulating every nerve in Luo Zheng's body.
Xi Youqin also stepped forward. She looked at Luo Zheng and asked nervously, "Luo Zheng, are you feeling very uncomfortable?"
Luo Zheng didn't answer. He just rolled his eyes and fainted.
He really wished that he had fainted. As long as he was awake for a single breath, it would be a hellish torture for him.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, the three women's faces changed greatly, and they surrounded Luo Zheng one after another.
"Husband! What's wrong with you? "
"How did he faint …"
"Wuwuwuwu …"
As for the immortal in the book, she glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said, "He just fainted. It's probably because … it's too painful."
After a long time, Luo Zheng slowly woke up. However, the pain was like a shadow following Luo Zheng. At this time, after letting out a howl, Luo Zheng's eyes rolled back and he fainted again.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng's willpower wasn't strong enough. This pain had already exceeded the limit of human endurance by countless times. His dantian originally contained pure True Yuan. How could it be converted into something else?
Under the excessive pain, Luo Zheng's body activated its self-protection mechanism, forcing Luo Zheng to faint.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, the three women were speechless and worried …
They had no idea what had happened to Luo Zheng. Why was he in so much pain?
After a long time, Luo Zheng woke up again. However, this time, Luo Zheng still couldn't say a word. This time, however, he woke up much longer than the second time. The second time, he only lasted for a single breath. The third time, he lasted for five or six breaths before fainting again.
The fourth time, Luo Zheng lasted for twenty breaths of time. During this time, there were countless howls of pain.
The fifth time, Luo Zheng lasted for fifty breaths of time …
The sixth time, about a hundred breaths of time …
The seventh time, one incense stick of time …
The eighth time …
Repeatedly fainting and waking up, Luo Zheng hadn't adapted to this pain. This kind of pain wasn't something that humans could adapt to. However, his willpower to endure the pain was rapidly increasing.
After the tenth time, Luo Zheng's lips trembled. Finally, he said, "We'll take our leave first … We'll talk after we return to the Central Domain." Then, he fainted again …
Luo Zheng had the "Gen" token. After obtaining this token, it was equivalent to setting up a spatial node. It would be very convenient for him to return to the Immortal Mansion. However, Luo Zheng didn't have much time to think. Under such extreme pain, it was very difficult for him to concentrate. Everything would have to wait until they returned to the Central Domain.
Since Luo Zheng said so, the three women naturally had to bring Luo Zheng back to the Central Domain.
This time, Ning Yudie gently patted and took out the flood dragon puppet that she and Luo Zheng had worked together to obtain.
Luo Zheng woke up once again. After reluctantly saying goodbye to Afo and the Book Immortal, he and the three women sat on the flood dragon puppet and left the Immortal Mansion. They returned to the Eastern Domain and came out of Ao Xiang's Nine Yin Mountain …
The valley in the Nine Yin Mountain was called the Jade Dragon Valley. Originally, there were people who said that there was a dragon spirit in the Jade Dragon Valley.
When the flood dragon puppet left the Nine Yin Mountain, many people in Guanghan County saw this scene. This confirmed the legend that there was a dragon in the Nine Yin Mountain!
Since it was a dragon's lair, it naturally had to be worshipped. If a real dragon was provoked, it would be punished. Therefore, some of the big clans in Guanghan County issued a ban. Unrelated people were not allowed to approach the Nine Yin Mountain!
In the body of the flood dragon puppet, Luo Zheng was still constantly fainting and waking up. Generally speaking, the time he fainted was much longer than the time he woke up. Usually, he would wake up for one or two incense sticks of time, but he would faint for several hours.
A few days later, Ning Yudie controlled the flood dragon puppet and returned to the Cloud Hall.
She gave the order to prepare a unique residence for Su Lingyun. Then, she stayed in the Ice Palace and guarded Luo Zheng.
Time passed quickly. In the blink of an eye, three months had passed.
During these three months, Luo Zheng was still constantly fainting and waking up. For anyone, it was a great torture, and Luo Zheng was no exception.
The pain lasted for so long that it even changed Luo Zheng's mentality. He was extremely regretful. If he had known it would be so painful, he wouldn't have cultivated the Primal Chaos Secret Technique even if he was beaten to death.
This could not be blamed on Luo Zheng's lack of perseverance. Luo Zheng was not an omnipotent god. Even though his heart of martial arts was far stronger than that of ordinary people, even though his perseverance was far greater than that of ordinary people, this kind of pain was not something that ordinary people could endure. In other words, it had exceeded the limits of a living creature's endurance. Unless Luo Zheng was a rock, he would not be able to endure it.
Seeing Luo Zheng in such pain, how could the three women be in a good mood?
Ning Yudie was guarding the Ice Palace at all times. As for the other matters in the Cloud Hall, she basically let Daoist Dameng handle them on her behalf.
As the pain lasted longer and longer, Luo Zheng's waking time also became longer and longer. This kind of pain did not have the so-called "numbness" feeling. Every wave of pain was incomparably clear, making Luo Zheng's head feel like it was about to explode. He would rather wake up for a shorter time …
On this day, Luo Zheng slowly woke up. The moment he woke up, he knew that he would have to spend a few more hours in torment.
However, as soon as he woke up, he heard a pleasant zither sound. It was Xi Youqin gently stroking the zither strings on one side of the Ice Palace. The zither sound was soothing and gentle, like a spring breeze blowing, giving people a sense of tranquility.
Although the zither sound could not suppress the pain, it still made Luo Zheng feel a little better. He struggled to get up. Ning Yudie, who had been guarding him for countless days and nights, immediately came up to support Luo Zheng. "Be careful …"