Pain could make a person go crazy. For Luo Zheng to not go crazy after enduring such intense torture for such a long time, his perseverance was amazing.
When the pain suddenly disappeared, Luo Zheng really did feel like going crazy. He was so happy that he went crazy …
After enduring for half a year, he finally got through this pain.
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie didn't know that the pain had already disappeared. When they saw Luo Zheng get up, Xi Youqin's fingers trembled. Ning Yudie asked from the side, "Husband, are you feeling better?"
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. His complexion suddenly changed, and he said with an extremely uncomfortable expression, "I, I'm afraid I won't be able to endure it …"
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin's complexion suddenly changed. Not far away, Su Lingyun, who had been holding the Protective Talisman and praying for Luo Zheng, hurriedly threw away the Protective Talisman in her hand and ran over.
The three women nervously surrounded Luo Zheng. At this time, Luo Zheng opened his arms and directly hugged the three women. Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun screamed. Luo Zheng laughed loudly and directly jumped up from the Ice Palace's patio, floating in the air!
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, how could the three women not know that Luo Zheng should have recovered?
Su Lingyun's face revealed a happy expression. Being hugged by Luo Zheng like this, she still blushed a little. As for Xi Youqin, she used her soft fists to beat Luo Zheng, scolding Luo Zheng for being too naughty. Ning Yudie fiercely glared at Luo Zheng with a face full of anger. Feeling indignant, cold Qi burst out from her body.
"Hey! I'm freezing to death! "Xi Youqin said discontentedly.
The three women were huddled together in Luo Zheng's arms. Ning Yudie's release of cold Qi naturally affected Su Lingyun and Xi Youqin.
Ning Yudie snorted. Her body was like a nimble fish as she slipped out of Luo Zheng's arms and returned to her own Ice Palace.
In these few months, the three women could be said to have lived in harmony. However, after Luo Zheng recovered, he immediately revealed his true colors. The jealousy between women could at most be suppressed, but in the end, it couldn't be eliminated.
Luo Zheng could only bitterly smile. He let go of Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun and entered the Ice Palace alone to comfort Ning Yudie …
At night, after taking a bath and changing his clothes, Luo Zheng sat alone on a platform in the Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng didn't know what had happened to his Dantian. He comforted Ning Yudie for a long time before her tears turned into smiles. Luo Zheng also felt helpless.
Now that Luo Zheng had some time, he naturally had to investigate the changes in his body.
After sitting cross-legged, Luo Zheng sank his perception into his Dantian. The moment he entered the state of inner vision, his face revealed a shocked expression.
Previously, Luo Zheng's Dantian was filled with liquefied True Yuan. Moreover, Luo Zheng's True Yuan was special. After liquefied, the True Yuan was very viscous. However, after investigating, he found that the True Yuan in his Dantian had completely disappeared!
There wasn't even a trace of True Yuan left in his body. Instead, it was replaced by a gray chaotic energy.
"Did I succeed? Did I really use chaotic energy to replace True Yuan? "Luo Zheng murmured.
At this time, Qinglong leisurely said, "Chaotic energy … Hehe, this person who has surpassed the Heavenly Dao actually did it. Using the Dantian to seize the fortune of heaven and earth for his own cultivation is the iron law of the universe. Even a Heavenly Sovereign can't break this shackle. I didn't expect that Luo Zheng had cultivated such a strange cultivation method. It's really hard to predict." Qinglong couldn't help but shake his head.
At this time, Luo Zheng revealed a puzzled expression. "But according to the cultivation levels of martial artists, the Life and Death Realm liquefies True Yuan, the Divine Sea Realm opens up a deep sea, and the Extreme God Realm solidifies True Yuan and molds living things in the body … If this chaotic energy replaces True Yuan, how can I …"
Qinglong shook his head and said, "This kind of thing has never happened before. It's already beyond my ability to understand. How can I answer you?"
Not to mention that Qinglong couldn't return to Luo Zheng, even the Mansion Master who had deduced the "Secret Primal Chaos Technique" couldn't answer Luo Zheng's question. This was because he hadn't cultivated the "Secret Primal Chaos Technique". This cultivation method was completely deduced. As for how far Luo Zheng could go in the future, perhaps even God didn't know.
However, the Azure Dragon quickly added, "Regardless, this Primal Chaos Qi is something that exists outside of the universe. It is an extremely dangerous existence to all living things in the universe. Legend has it that all living things are created from Primal Chaos. Since you are able to absorb it into your Dantian, it is definitely not ordinary. However, can this Primal Chaos Qi really replace True Yuan?"
Martial artists cultivated True Yuan in their Dantian to drive their cultivation method …
However, the True Yuan in Luo Zheng's body had completely disappeared and was replaced by chaotic energy. In other words, the cultivation method that Luo Zheng used to cultivate was no longer suitable for him?
Hearing Qinglong's question, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Qinglong's words made sense!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng suddenly operated his Dantian. According to Luo Zheng's previous operating method, he used his meridians to draw out the True Yuan from his body. However, under this method of extraction, what was drawn out was naturally not True Yuan, but chaotic energy …
When the chaotic energy passed through his meridians, he suddenly felt a sharp pain.
"Again?"
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth, and his face revealed a hint of grief and indignation. He had endured for half a year, and now the pain had shifted to another location and was beginning to test his meridians?
Fortunately, the pain only lasted for a few seconds before it quickly subsided. Luo Zheng circulated his true energy and gently waved it in front of him. A stream of vigorous Primal Chaos Qi gushed out from his palm.
"The Laws of Fire …."
Luo Zheng had never cultivated a fire type cultivation method, but merely activating the Laws of Fire was extremely easy for him.
Rumble ….
It was originally night, and all was silent. The martial artists in the Cloud Hall were cultivating day and night, but most of the people in Ocean of Clouds City had fallen into a deep sleep.
Right at this moment, a violent explosion suddenly resounded, and it woke everyone up from their slumber. At the same time, they looked out the window with their mouths agape …. It was clearly the middle of the night, and the night watchman had just finished his night watch. How could it have suddenly become bright?
So long as they raised their heads, they would see an enormous sun appear in the sky, and it illuminated the surroundings like it was daytime!
Luo Zheng had only casually shot out the fireball based on the first level of the Law of Fire, but he had never imagined that the fireball would be so powerful. The fireball spread out and was finally enveloped by the circular "Light of Abundant Water". Therefore, from the outside, it naturally looked like a circular sun.
"So, so powerful …." Luo Zheng's expression changed unpredictably.
Fortunately, he had shot the fireball towards the sky. The lingering flames lit up many places in the Cloud Hall, but it didn't injure anyone. After the flames exploded, it only lasted for one or two breaths of time before vanishing. However, many people in the Cloud Hall had to come out to put out the fire ….
Chaos transformed into Yin and Yang, and Yin and Yang transformed into all things. Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
Other martial artists who cultivated True Energy seized the fortune of Heaven and Earth. However, what Luo Zheng was seizing now wasn't the fortune of Heaven and Earth, but the fortune of Chaos ….
Earlier, he had only used Chaotic Energy to activate the Laws of Fire. If he executed the method his master had deduced from the Secret Technique of Primal Chaos, wouldn't its might be even more terrifying? Moreover, as Luo Zheng became more and more familiar with Chaotic Energy, he might not be limited to his master's deduction.
After all, he hadn't cultivated the Secret Technique of Primal Chaos that his master had deduced. Now that Luo Zheng had completely replaced the True Energy in his body with Chaotic Energy, he would be able to escape his master's limitations and create his own cultivation method in the future.