Everyone had different goals when they cultivated the martial dao.
Some people used the martial dao as a stepping stone, and their goal was to dominate the world. Some wanted to be outstanding, and some wanted to be beautiful …
Luo Zheng was obsessed with the martial dao, and his biggest motivation was the interest that came from the bottom of his heart.
When Luo Zheng was cultivating his sword skill, he had created the 'Formless' technique. The Secret of Primal Chaos Technique taught by his master was like a starting point for him to succeed. Relying on himself, Luo Zheng firmly believed that this path would be difficult, but at the same time, he also believed that this path would bring him great benefits.
The fireball had alerted everyone in the Cloud Hall, but after learning that Luo Zheng was cultivating, no one said anything.
In fact, Luo Zheng was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and he was still a disciple of the Cloud Hall's Elite Hall. After leaving the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng had been running around, and he hadn't dealt with this matter. However, he was now the strongest man in the Central Domain, and he was also the husband of the Palace Master of the Cloud Hall. His status had reached a transcendent level …
After returning to the Eastern Domain, Luo Zheng's wish had been redeemed. During his stay in the Cloud Hall, everything seemed peaceful.
Aside from cultivating, he was accompanied by three beautiful women. It was a happy and carefree life. Of course, there were still some obstacles between the three women …
Xi Youqin continued her carefree life. Most of the time, aside from teasing the Ancestral Dragon, she would stick to Luo Zheng. As for cultivation … it seemed like she didn't know what cultivation was. After spending so much time together with the resources provided by the Cloud Hall, with Xi Youqin's talent, she should have broken through a long time ago.
However, Xi Youqin's cultivation was still stuck at the Divine Core realm, and she was still at the Early Divine Core realm.
In fact, Luo Zheng still had some doubts about Xi Youqin. During the dual cultivation ceremony, what did the old man from the Heavenly Clan say to Xi Youqin? In order to find out the truth, Luo Zheng had used the memory of the will of the world, but strangely, Luo Zheng couldn't find anything.
That old man was an outsider, not a native of the Vast Thousand Domains, so it was normal that he couldn't find anything. On the other hand, Xi Youqin was a native of the Central Domain, so it was strange that he couldn't find anything. Luo Zheng could only speculate that the old man must have used some great magical power to shield himself, causing the memory of the Vast Thousand Domains to be lost.
Luo Zheng continued searching the memory of the will of the world, and he found out that Xi Youqin had disappeared from the Cloud Hall that night. She must have entered the Extreme Purple Realm, but why did she enter the Extreme Purple Realm, and what happened in the Extreme Purple Realm? Luo Zheng had no idea. After all, the memory of the will of the world was limited to this dimension …
It wasn't Luo Zheng's intention to pry into Xi Youqin's privacy, but he knew that Xi Youqin was stupid in some aspects, and if she was deceived by someone, it would be very disadvantageous for her. Since it involved her privacy, Luo Zheng couldn't ask her directly. Besides, Xi Youqin had prepared herself for this, and she didn't want to tell him anything. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't have any good ideas.
As for Su Lingyun and Ning Yudie, they were both unusually hardworking.
In addition to dealing with the government affairs of the Cloud Hall, Ning Yudie also spent the rest of her time cultivating. However, she had some complaints about Xi Youqin sticking to Luo Zheng all day long. Unfortunately, Xi Youqin wasn't a disciple of the Cloud Hall, and Ning Yudie couldn't control whether she was concentrating on cultivating or not …
What surprised Luo Zheng the most was Su Lingyun.
After entering the Cloud Hall, Su Lingyun was the most hardworking! After choosing a cultivation method in the immortal mansion, she wholeheartedly immersed herself in the cultivation room of the Cloud Hall.
During the half year when Luo Zheng was ravaged by the aura of primal chaos, Su Lingyun's cultivation jumped several levels, directly jumping from the fourth level of the Divine Illumination Realm to the eighth level of the Divine Illumination Realm. Not long ago, Su Lingyun's cultivation had reached the pinnacle of the Divine Illumination Realm, and it seemed that she was about to catch up to Xi Youqin.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was also increasing day by day. Not long after, Luo Zheng experienced the second Life and Death Tribulation. This time, the Life and Death Tribulation came with great ferocity. However, since he was able to transfer his power to the Divine Essencefused Mountain, the minor Heavenly Tribulation was no longer a test for Luo Zheng.
However, he still had to guard against that black eye …
If that black eye discovered that he wasn't dead and wanted to destroy him, Luo Zheng really wouldn't have a good way to deal with it!
Last time, he had to cross five million mountains to avoid a casual attack from that black eye. Luo Zheng didn't doubt that if that black eye was serious, it would be very easy to kill him. As long as the Vast Thousand Domains existed, Luo Zheng would also exist. The problem was that it wouldn't be difficult for that guy to destroy the entire Vast Thousand Domains.
Fortunately, the black eye didn't appear during the second Life and Death Tribulation. Luo Zheng didn't spend too much energy to overcome this mighty minor Heavenly Tribulation.
Ever since he swallowed that old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan's medicinal pills, Luo Zheng's cultivation speed reached a new level.
Half a year after the second Life and Death Tribulation, the third Life and Death Tribulation came once again …
During this time, some interesting things happened in the Central Domain. More and more geniuses emerged. Geniuses of the same generation as Luo Zheng also found their own positions.
For example, Hua Tianming, who was only in his early twenties, was already the youngest Elder of the Cloud Hall. The most terrifying thing was that the Heavenly Sword he comprehended was also becoming more and more terrifying. With his talent, if he continued to cultivate, he might be qualified to compete for the next Hall Master. Ning Yudie had already mentioned this matter to Luo Zheng. She knew that Luo Zheng was preparing to ascend, so she naturally had plans to follow her husband. Although Ning Yudie's cultivation speed couldn't catch up with Luo Zheng's, she wouldn't give up.
If one day she also ascended, she naturally hoped that there would be a successor for the Cloud Hall. Hua Tianming could be said to be the best candidate in terms of character, temperament, and talent. Of course, Hua Tianming wasn't the only genius in the Cloud Hall. If he wanted to be promoted to the position of Hall Master, he had to face the challenges of other geniuses.
Ever since Luo Zheng and this group of geniuses appeared, martial arts in the Central Domain became more and more prosperous. Although it still couldn't be compared with the four Divine Nations, it couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as before.
The Blood Wood Cliff, the Mysterious Yin Mansion, the Black Mountain Sect … and the rebuilt Void Spirit Sect were all doing their best to cultivate these young geniuses. In the future, with so many god-tier geniuses appearing in the Central Domain, as time passed, perhaps several almighty Divine Sea Realm experts would be born.
On this day, Luo Zheng obtained the "Gen" Command Token. After obtaining the "Gen" Command Token, Luo Zheng had yet to use it. Hence, he wasn't clear on the principles behind the Gen Command Token.
However, the moment Luo Zheng activated the "Gen" token, he understood that an Immortal Mansion had appeared in front of him.
Seeing the Immortal Mansion in front of him, Luo Zheng's face revealed a strange expression. This Immortal Mansion was almost exactly the same as the one in the Nine Yin Mountain and his Master's Immortal Mansion. However, it was extremely miniature. When it was placed in front of Luo Zheng, it was like a projection. At first glance, it looked incomparably real!
When Luo Zheng stepped into the miniature Immortal Mansion, he instantly appeared in the real Immortal Mansion. At this moment, he suddenly felt that he had shrunk countless times, and everything around him seemed incomparably huge. In fact, he hadn't shrunk at all. It was just that after entering the Immortal Mansion through the miniature Immortal Mansion, the whole Immortal Mansion had become bigger, giving him an illusion.
"So this is how the" Gen "token is used." Standing at the entrance of the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile. If he encountered any trouble in the future, he could hide in this Immortal Mansion …
Since he had entered the Immortal Mansion through the "Gen" token, Luo Zheng once again entered the Library Pavilion.
The value of the Immortal Mansion was really too great. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng only had the authority to enter the Library Pavilion. However, just the Library Pavilion alone was enough for Luo Zheng to benefit immensely.
This time, he didn't look for cultivation methods. Instead, he collected some information, such as some books on refining weapons and drawing divine patterns.
Although the book immortal had been nagging him and recommending him some information, Luo Zheng still flipped through many books on his own. However, in one of the books, Luo Zheng unexpectedly obtained a piece of information. It was information about the Divine Essensefused Mountain.
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain could actually be collected!
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain contained the power of the five elements. It was neither metal nor stone. Moreover, it was extremely sturdy and couldn't be damaged by weapons.
It was also because of this that if a large Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was thrown there, no one in the four Divine Kingdoms would have any ideas about it.
＝＝＝＝＝