It had to be said that the breadth of his master's knowledge in all aspects was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
This book was called "Ten Thousand Wonders", which recorded some extremely powerful and peculiar objects. The Divine Metagnet Mountain was one of them.
"Ten Thousand Wonders" not only recorded the method to refine the Divine Metagnet Mountain, there were also many other things that were far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. However, the materials for those treasures were extremely rare, so Luo Zheng naturally couldn't find them at his current stage.
The Divine Metagnet Mountain was something that existed in this vast world. Although Luo Zheng didn't know its origin, it could be considered an ownerless object.
If it weren't for the fact that the Divine Sea Realm experts of the four Divine Kingdoms couldn't move it away, the Divine Metagnet Mountain would have already settled in the Divine Kingdoms' continents.
However, although Luo Zheng had obtained the method to subdue the Divine Metagnet Mountain, there were still a few difficulties.
The strange storm in the Chaotic Astral Ocean continued to wreak havoc. Those Wind Blades were a great threat even to Extreme God Realm experts. Although Luo Zheng had advanced two levels in a row and was already at the third level of Life and Death Realm, it was still unrealistic for him to resist those frightening Wind Blades with his current strength.
The most important point of subduing the Divine Metagnet Mountain was to peel off the bottom of the mountain. The Divine Metagnet Mountain was so sturdy that even dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts wouldn't be able to destroy it. Obviously, Luo Zheng alone couldn't do it.
After pondering for a while, Luo Zheng came up with a plan.
During this period of time, the World Business Alliance suddenly released a message asking for all kinds of rare materials. Those materials were very unpopular and had more or less appeared in the Central Domain. However, they were very hard to find.
However, when there was a great reward, there would be brave men. How many people could resist the temptation of the World Business Alliance's high price?
Some materials were originally stored in families and passed down from generation to generation. Now that they heard such a high price, they were naturally willing to sell them to the World Business Alliance.
The materials collected by the World Business Alliance were gathered together and sent to the Cloud Hall in batches. Because of the great momentum of this purchase, it attracted the attention of many sects. After some inquiries, they found out that the World Business Alliance was only helping the Cloud Hall, or rather, helping Luo Zheng.
However, what did Luo Zheng want these materials for?
There were rumors that Luo Zheng wanted to help the Cloud Hall build a Great Sect Protecting Array. There were also rumors that Luo Zheng was preparing to break through to the Divine Sea Realm.
However, these rumors couldn't stand up to scrutiny. The Cloud Hall already had a Great Sect Protecting Array, and Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie were top figures in the Central Domain. The Cloud Hall didn't need a Great Sect Protecting Array to protect itself. As for breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm, that was even more nonsense. Luo Zheng was only at the third stage of Life and Death Realm, which was still quite far from the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng was indeed making divine runes. According to the 《Wonders of Nature》, there were three steps to subdue the Divine Magnetic Mountain. The first step was to compress it into an extremely small space. The second step was to use the power of the five elements to suppress the entire Divine Magnetic Mountain. The third step was to subdue it!
Right now, Luo Zheng was doing the preparatory work …
Because of this, Luo Zheng's time started to become tight again. During the day, he would prepare materials and make divine runes. At night, he would concentrate on cultivating. As the days and nights alternated, another three months passed …
Luo Zheng's figure appeared above the southernmost sea of the Central Domain.
This time, Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin insisted on going to the Chaotic Astral Ocean to subdue the Divine Magnetic Mountain. However, they were flatly refused by Luo Zheng.
Although Ning Yudie's strength had improved rapidly, she still wasn't strong enough to deal with the wind blades in the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Those wind blades contained up to 50% of the Law of Wind. If Luo Zheng hadn't relied on his power to shift the blades, his saint tool body would've been instantly torn to shreds by those black wind blades.
After obtaining the will of the Vast Thousand Domains, Luo Zheng also tried to digest the memories in his mind. From the memories, Luo Zheng learned many secrets of the Vast Thousand Domains …
For example, in the northern part of the Divine Kingdom Continent, there was an extremely large wild continent. In fact, there were some extremely powerful ferocious beasts and even a few extremely powerful races. However, the culture of that wild continent was very backward. It was countless times more chaotic than the Sea God Continent.
Another example was that in a corner of the Vast Thousand Domains, there was once a glorious civilization. That civilization was destroyed five hundred thousand years ago because it involved the Tower of Sin. Under the dispute between the experts of the upper realm, just the power that leaked out destroyed the entire civilization. That continent also sank to the bottom of the sea …
However, no matter how Luo Zheng searched, he couldn't find any memories of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. How did this storm come about? What was in the center of the storm? The Vast Thousand Domains didn't know anything about it. This was a very strange thing.
Moreover, behind this area, there was a group of shadow creatures. The strength of these shadow creatures was even feared by the almighty experts of the Heavenly Realm. Why did they wander around the back of the Vast Thousand Domains? Would it affect the Vast Thousand Domains in some way? This was also an unsolved mystery.
Luo Zheng didn't have the ability to uncover this mystery. All he wanted now was to take the Divine Magnetic Mountain into his pocket.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
As soon as he entered the sky above the Chaotic Astral Ocean and entered the range of the storm, the raging wind swept over!
Waves of seawater were sucked up into the sky by the storm. They were like water dragons, connecting the sea and the sky. It was a magnificent sight.
Luo Zheng's small figure shuttled back and forth between these water dragons. Just outside the storm, there were already many wind blades, one after another, sweeping toward Luo Zheng.
These wind blades were light cyan in color, and their surface was white. They only contained one layer of the Law of Wind. A few cyan wind blades contained two layers of the Law of Wind, but they didn't pose much of a threat to Luo Zheng. He didn't dodge and let these wind blades hit his body.
"Puff puff puff …"
Even if he didn't use his power to transfer, these wind blades couldn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
Withstanding these wind blades, Luo Zheng's speed became faster and faster. He rushed forward, but his destination wasn't the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
Through the memories of the Vast Thousand Domains, Luo Zheng found out that the Divine Magnetic Mountain was located in the western part of the Chaotic Astral Ocean. Luo Zheng was now heading south, straight toward the center of the storm. He was going in the opposite direction from the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
He flew towards the center of the storm, not because he wanted to explore the mystery of the center of the storm. No matter what the mystery was, it was not something that Luo Zheng could unravel. With his strength, if there was a powerful existence in the center of the storm, he was afraid that he would die if he was not careful.
But if he wanted to collect the Divine Essencefused Mountain, the first step was to peel the Divine Essencefused Mountain from the bottom. With Luo Zheng's strength, he couldn't do this, but with the power of the storm, it was possible!
The power of these wind blades was ridiculously great, and Luo Zheng was able to transfer the power of these wind blades onto the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain through energy transfer!
One wind blade wasn't enough to peel off the Divine Magnetic Mountain, but what about a hundred thousand or a million wind blades? If he completely transferred the power of these wind blades, he didn't believe that he couldn't peel off the base of the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
After pondering for a long time, Luo Zheng finally came up with this method …
As Luo Zheng advanced toward the center of the storm, the wind blades he faced became fiercer and fiercer. Gradually, some wind blades containing the third and fourth level of the Law of Wind appeared around Luo Zheng. The color of the wind blades gradually changed from light cyan to cyan, and then to dark cyan …
"It's not enough. These wind blades are enough to pose a fatal threat to me, but they can't shake the Divine Magnetic Mountain," Luo Zheng thought indifferently as he looked at the wind blades sweeping toward him. He had already tried to transfer the power to the base of the Divine Magnetic Mountain, but the wind blades had no effect on the mountain. They couldn't even leave a mark on it.