Seeing the Wind Blade, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of joy. He had finally found the black Wind Blade!
Seeing that the black Wind Blade was shooting in the wrong direction, Luo Zheng adjusted his angle and went straight for the black Wind Blade.
Puff!
The Wind Blade, which contained the fifth layer of the Law of Wind, directly hit Luo Zheng's chest, causing a muffled sound to ring out.
"Energy Transfer!"
Just as the black Wind Blade hit his chest, Luo Zheng did not forget to use the Will of the Great Thousand Domains to investigate the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
As he investigated, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. A shallow white mark appeared at the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Even the Wind Blade, which contained the fifth layer of the Law of Wind, could only leave a faint mark. The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was so huge. How long would it take to cut it?
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of depression.
However, Luo Zheng would not give up so easily. During the days he stayed in the Central Domain, Luo Zheng not only needed to cultivate, but also needed to prepare for his ascension to the Great Thousand Domains.
He understood the principle of preparedness, success, and failure to prepare would result in failure. Since he could obtain it at a small price, why not?
As he continued forward, the number of black Wind Blades increased while the number of cyan Wind Blades decreased.
Puff puff puff puff puff …
The black Wind Blades moved in different trajectories. Luo Zheng could only try his best to use his body to collide with the black Wind Blades. Under this constant collision, the power of the black Wind Blades was transferred to the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
"Ten …"
"A hundred …"
"A thousand …"
In the eyes of others, the black Wind Blades represented the existence of the Grim Reaper. However, Luo Zheng could not wait to charge at them.
Under the rapid collision, Luo Zheng smashed a total of three thousand black Wind Blades. He continued to investigate the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain. The power of the three thousand Wind Blades was transferred to the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain by Luo Zheng. Now, he finally managed to cut a hole less than the thickness of a thumb.
"…"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was speechless.
Despite being sliced by several thousand black wind blades, such a thin mark had only appeared on the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
And a mountain was always thin at the top and thick at the bottom. How many black wind blades would it take to peel the Divine Essencefused Mountain from its base? Wouldn't it be tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of Daos?
This was definitely not going to work. Although there were a lot of black wind blades in the storm, they were also distributed in the sky above the Chaotic Astral Ocean. It was impossible for them to rush towards Luo Zheng together. Luo Zheng admitted that he did not have this kind of charm. If he had to rely on himself to collide with those black wind blades, it would probably take him several decades to peel off the Yuan Magnetic Divine Mountain.
It wasn't that Luo Zheng didn't have the spirit to move a mountain, but he really didn't have the time.
Therefore, he could only continue to approach the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean …
Speaking of which, Luo Zheng had once entered the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean when the storm had stopped. Apart from some powerful Ominous Beasts, he hadn't found anything special.
Now that the storm was raging, those Level 11 Ominous Beasts probably didn't dare to float to the surface of the ocean. There were only black wind blades left in the surroundings.
Just as Luo Zheng continued to move forward for more than a thousand li, his eyes suddenly flashed. He saw a strange black wind blade not far away, cutting towards him at high speed!
This black wind blade had the same appearance as the previous black wind blade, but what was strange was the way it moved. In the process of flying, it constantly disappeared and reappeared. Therefore, at first glance, it seemed to be transparent for a moment, then black for a moment. The two colors constantly flickered, and the Wind Element Law it emitted seemed to be even more powerful!
Luo Zheng couldn't determine which level of Law this wind blade contained. So far, Luo Zheng had only cultivated the first level of the Wind Element Law. As for the black wind blade, he had learned from the seven people of the Demi-Immortal Clan that it contained the fifth level of the Wind Element Law.
However, this strange wind blade, which was constantly changing colors, contained a higher level of Law than the black wind blade. He could only estimate that this wind blade contained the sixth level of the Wind Element Law.
Luo Zheng was a little worried. With the power of the black wind blade, he was afraid that it would take forever to cut it. Therefore, when he saw this dual-colored wind blade, he was naturally overjoyed!
"Go up!"
Just as Luo Zheng rushed up, the constantly changing color wind blade had already cut into Luo Zheng's body. Extremely fast, extremely powerful. The airflow from this collision with Luo Zheng's body caused a bottomless whirlpool to suddenly spread out in the ocean below him!
Just the power it emitted was already so terrifying. The majority of this dual-colored wind blade's power had already been transferred by Luo Zheng to the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
"Boom!"
The Divine Essencefused Mountain, which was tens of thousands of miles away from Luo Zheng, suddenly shook …
This Divine Essencefused Mountain, which contained the Power of the Five Elements, had stood here for countless years. Time had not left any traces on this mountain. Whether it was the erosion of the sea day after day, or the cutting of the wind blade, this mountain had not been shaken. After all, its position was far away from the center of the storm, so there were not too many powerful wind blades.
At this moment, the Divine Essencefused Mountain suddenly shook. The huge power directly cut into the bottom of the mountain, causing a large amount of seawater to roll over. The seawater around the Divine Essencefused Mountain was like boiling water, with a huge amount of bubbles emerging. There were so many bubbles that the originally blue ocean was refracted into a milky white color, like a bowl of rice soup …
"It's effective!" Luo Zheng's face was filled with joy.
It was merely a dual-colored wind blade, but it had left a nearly three feet long cut in the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain. The cut was so sharp that it was as if a god had used a huge axe to chop at the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
The power of this dual-colored wind blade was beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. If he had not transferred the power, Luo Zheng himself would have been cut into pieces by this dual-colored wind blade.
"Again!" However, under Luo Zheng's gaze, he did not find this dual-colored wind blade again.
But this time, Luo Zheng's heart was filled with hope. Since he could find the dual-colored wind blade here, Luo Zheng could continue to move towards the center of the storm.
He continued to fly forward. Along the way, there were only a few dual-colored wind blades, but Luo Zheng did not let any of them go. After encountering dozens of dual-colored wind blades, the cut at the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain grew bigger and bigger …
However, as he continued to move forward, Luo Zheng became somewhat hesitant.
Who knew what was in the center of the storm? He was not afraid of these dual-colored wind blades, but he was afraid that there were some powerful existences in the center of the storm that he could not afford to provoke. If that happened, it would be difficult for him to escape.
After hesitating for a moment, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and continued to rush forward.
The further he went, the more dual-colored wind blades he encountered. Each of these wind blades was able to leave a three feet long cut in the bottom of the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Although the Divine Essencefused Mountain was huge, it would eventually be peeled off under such cutting. Luo Zheng's state of mind also became more stable.
However, after Luo Zheng advanced for another two hundred li, he discovered a new type of wind blade. It was actually a golden wind blade!
What was even stranger was that these golden wind blades were not like ordinary wind blades that shot out aimlessly in all directions. Instead, they were in clusters, like migratory birds drifting in the air, gathering together.
"These wind blades have intelligence?" Luo Zheng looked at the golden wind blades with a flabbergasted expression on his face.
These wind blades were just things that were produced in the storm. The stronger the wind blade, the more advanced the Law of Wind it contained. However, no matter how advanced the wind blade was, it was impossible for it to have intelligence, right? To put it bluntly, wasn't it just a bunch of wind?
However, there were too many unanswered questions in the universe. For example, Luo Zheng had merged with the will of the Vast Thousand Domains. He was originally an omnipotent existence in the Vast Thousand Domains, but now, he was still very puzzled …
Just as Luo Zheng was sizing up the golden wind blades that had condensed into clusters from afar, some of the golden wind blades actually discovered Luo Zheng. One of the golden wind blades circled in the distance, and then the other golden wind blades moved as well. They actually started to chase after Luo Zheng!
"Run!"