Three thousand black wind blades were only able to leave a thumb-deep mark on the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
On the other hand, a single two-colored wind blade was able to cut a few feet deep.
The difference in power between these two wind blades could be described as tens of thousands of times greater …
As for the power of these golden wind blades, if they were equivalent to tens of thousands of two-colored wind blades, just one of them would be enough to cut the entire Divine Essencefused Mountain!
If Luo Zheng could attract just one golden wind blade, he would be very happy. After all, it would save him a lot of effort and time. The problem was that there were hundreds of golden wind blades chasing after him.
They were more than enough to cut the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but where would Luo Zheng transfer the overflowing power to?
To the Divine Kingdom Continent or the Central Domain? That terrifying power could probably cut the Divine Kingdom Continent into countless pieces …
Therefore, Luo Zheng chose to run away at the first moment.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had been very careful along the way. He kept quite a distance from the golden wind blades and quickly left after a brief encounter. Even so, after discovering the speed of the golden wind blades, Luo Zheng was still scared out of his wits.
Although it was such a long distance, it only took ten breaths of time for the golden wind blades to appear five or six miles behind Luo Zheng. In a few more breaths of time, they would probably catch up to Luo Zheng.
At this time, Luo Zheng was rapidly making a decision. If he used his power to transfer, he didn't want to harm the Divine Kingdom Continent or the Central Domain. Of course, he couldn't transfer his power to the Sea God Continent either. If the golden wind blades really caught up to him and peeled off the Divine Essencefused Mountain, he would probably have to sacrifice the Wild Continent …
Of course, Luo Zheng still had another method. He still had the Gen token with him, so he could enter the Immortal Mansion himself!
As Luo Zheng frantically ran away, the golden wind blades were getting closer and closer. Just as Luo Zheng was about to make a decision, the golden wind blades suddenly circled in the air and made a 180-degree turn. They actually went back.
"They really have intelligence." Seeing the golden wind blades go far away, Luo Zheng heaved a sigh of relief. It was really too dangerous just now.
The golden wind blades didn't dare to chase too far. It seemed like they were protecting something. Flying over the Chaotic Astral Ocean, Luo Zheng's curiosity about the center of the storm grew. However, he didn't want to die. No matter what was inside, it couldn't possibly be born in this world. This world belonged to the Lower Realm, so it couldn't possibly give birth to such a powerful thing. Even if he sacrificed this world, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to get close to the center of the storm.
....................................................................................
..............................
Half a month had passed. Luo Zheng's body had been baptized by nearly thirty thousand wind blades. As for the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, it had been completely peeled off. There were only a few places on the edge that were connected to the bottom.
However, with Luo Zheng's current strength, even if the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was only a foot away from the bottom, he wouldn't be able to do anything.
.. Puff. Puff. Puff. Puff. Puff.
...................... Finally...
. Luo Zheng let out a deep breath. He glanced indifferently at the center of the storm and shook his head. Curiosity killed the cat. This wasn't a place he could approach at the moment. He turned around and flew directly toward the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
.......... Luo Zheng only needed a few hours to cover the distance of ten thousand miles. Soon, Luo Zheng finally approached the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Speaking of which, although he had observed the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain many times through the will of the Great Thousand World, this was the first time he had personally come to the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
Only one-sixth of the entire Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain was floating above the sea. The huge mountain was hidden under the sea. Only the tip of the mountain was above the sea.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng flew over and stood at the top of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
"Eh?" Seeing the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain below him, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed. He recalled the Divine Origin Magnetic Stone that Divine Kingdom Crown Prince Huo Chen took out in the Divine Emperor Secret Realm. That stone was as tall as a person and seemed to fit perfectly on the top of the mountain. However, he didn't know how the stone on the top of the mountain broke.
Now that the bottom of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had been peeled off, the next step was to arrange divine runes and collect the mountain.
A mountain wasn't a small thing. According to the method in the Ten Thousand Wonders, he had to arrange thirty-three six-star divine runes in various parts of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain and set up a space to bind it. Then, he just had to refine it.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng took out the things he had prepared in his spatial ring one by one. Then, he firmly imprinted a divine rune on the top of the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain.
After imprinting the first divine rune, Luo Zheng leaped and rushed down the crazily rolling waves. The divine runes in his hands circled around the mountain and imprinted on it one by one.
In the beginning, everything went smoothly. However, just as Luo Zheng was concentrating on imprinting the divine runes, dozens of creatures swept toward Luo Zheng from the deep sea.
Sound couldn't travel well in the sea. Luo Zheng could only feel the abnormality in the water behind him. He turned his head and immediately frowned. "Grade 10 Vicious Beasts?"
Grade 10 Vicious Beasts were equivalent to Life and Death Realm martial artists.
The Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain had been here for who knew how many years. Naturally, there were many creatures that relied on the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain to survive. When these Vicious Beasts discovered that Luo Zheng was near the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, they immediately attacked Luo Zheng.
Among these Grade 10 Vicious Beasts, there were ugly and strange fish. There was also a huge and soft octopus with black teeth covering every inch of its body. There were also some strange creatures that Luo Zheng couldn't identify.
"You're courting death!"
Luo Zheng didn't put these Vicious Beasts in his eyes. In his eyes, even Vicious Beasts comparable to Life and Death Realm were no different from ordinary fish!
However, this time, Luo Zheng really wanted to use these Vicious Beasts to practice. The Primal Chaos Qi in his dantian swept out, and a longsword appeared in Luo Zheng's hand!
"Whoosh!"
Spurred by the Primal Chaos Qi, the Sword Intent formed a dusky cyclone, which created a string of tiny bubbles in the water.
"Puff Puff Puff …"
With a series of muffled sounds, the first batch of Vicious Beasts were cut into countless pieces by Luo Zheng. The degree of sharpness was even beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. After replacing the True Yuan in his body, Luo Zheng's strength had undergone a qualitative change. However, he was only facing Grade 10 Demonic Beasts. Although these Demonic Beasts were comparable to Life and Death Realm martial artists, their intelligence was far inferior to human martial artists.
However, the Primal Chaos Qi also had a weakness.
True Yuan was obtained by seizing the good fortune of heaven and earth. After a martial artist's True Yuan was used up, he could continuously absorb Yuan Qi of heaven and earth to replenish it. If he wanted to quickly replenish it, he could use True Yuan Stones.
The Primal Chaos Qi was somewhat troublesome. It seemed that it could only be refined quietly within his body. However, according to his master's deduction, everything in the world evolved from Primal Chaos. Therefore, everything could be restored to Primal Chaos. Luo Zheng hadn't cultivated to that level yet, so naturally, he couldn't do such a miraculous thing. Luo Zheng could only endure this shortcoming for the time being.
This sword strike had killed dozens of Vicious Beasts in front. How could the Grade 10 Vicious Beasts and even some Grade 9 Vicious Beasts not understand Luo Zheng's strength? At this time, they all fled.
As for Luo Zheng, he was too lazy to chase after them. He didn't know why these Vicious Beasts attacked him. Perhaps they knew that he was going to move the Divine Yuan Magnetic Mountain? No matter what, he had destroyed their home for thousands of years. If these guys hadn't attacked him without reason, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been willing to kill.
After driving away the Vicious Beasts, Luo Zheng quickly arranged all the Divine Runes. After these preparations were completed, Luo Zheng began to activate the Divine Runes one by one according to the method recorded in the 《Ten Thousand Wonders》. Then, he returned to the top of the Divine Yuan Magnetic Mountain. After activating the last Divine Rune, Luo Zheng suddenly patted the Divine Yuan Magnetic Mountain below and chanted, "Rise!"
＝＝＝＝＝