At the same time, these special divine patterns erupted with a faint halo of light, encircling the entire Divine Essencefused Mountain.
Then, the entire Divine Essencefused Mountain trembled and slowly rose from the sea.
The Divine Essencefused Mountain's outer appearance was not much different from an ordinary mountain. It was over three thousand meters tall, and its overall weight was definitely much heavier than an ordinary mountain. Ordinary mountains were made of stone, but the Divine Essencefused Mountain was made of Divine Essencefused Stone.
However, although Divine Essencefused Stone was sturdy, it was actually not particularly heavy. The main reason was that it contained the power of the five elements, which could not be penetrated by any Law. This was the reason why it was indestructible. For example, there were other mountains that contained rich iron ores, and their weight was probably much heavier than the Divine Essencefused Mountain. However, those mountains were not of much use, so Luo Zheng naturally could not refine them.
As Luo Zheng continued to rise, the mountain submerged in the sea gradually rose as well, and the entire mountain finally left the sea.
Some of the creatures gathered on the Divine Essencefused Mountain left their nests and jumped into the sea …
At this moment, Luo Zheng lightly flicked his finger, and several dozen drops of blood flew out from his body.
"Blood Refining Technique!"
In order to collect the Divine Essencefused Mountain, not only did he need to set up these Six Star Divine Patterns, but the most crucial part was the Blood Refining Technique recorded in the 《Ten Thousand Wonders》.
When the drops of blood leaped out of Luo Zheng's body, they slowly rotated in the air. Under the operation of the Blood Refining Technique, the drops of blood fused with each other and quickly formed a palm-sized Blood Refining Rune.
The Blood Refining Rune continued to rotate, and at the same time, it covered the huge mountain.
Generally speaking, objects of the five elements like the Divine Essencefused Mountain were very difficult to collect, because no matter which Law was used, it would not be able to completely react with the Divine Essencefused Mountain. However, using the Blood Refining Technique to refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain had a miraculous effect.
It was also because of this that Luo Zheng admired his Master more and more. However, he did not know whether the various secret techniques of the 《Ten Thousand Wonders》 were created by his Master, or whether he had collected them while roaming.
As Luo Zheng's Blood Refining Rune hit the Divine Essencefused Mountain with incomparable clarity, the speed of the Divine Essencefused Mountain rapidly increased, matching the speed of the drops of blood and Blood Refining Rune from before.
"Huhu Huhu …"
However, under the rotation of such a huge mountain, its might was naturally incomparable. As the mountain rotated, it also brought about the sound of wind. From time to time, there would be some faint green wind blades striking the mountain, causing muffled sounds to erupt.
After the Blood Refining Rune was planted, it established a certain connection with Luo Zheng. However, this connection came from the connection between Luo Zheng and the Blood Refining Rune. After all, the Blood Refining Rune was formed from Luo Zheng's blood. Because of this, the connection was very weak, and Luo Zheng was unable to control the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
At this moment, the 33 Divine Essencefused Runes around the Rune Mountain erupted with resplendent light at the same time!
The 33 Divine Essencefused Runes each contained a different power. Luo Zheng had to expend a lot of effort to create these six-star Divine Essencefused Runes. Sometimes, he even had to discuss with Qinglong and ask for Qinglong's help. Qinglong had analyzed that the purpose of these 33 Divine Essencefused Runes was to temporarily suppress the Five Elements Power within the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Only in this way could the Blood Refining Rune be completely immersed within the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
And now, it was just as Qinglong had said. The Divine Essencefused Mountain originally had several colors slowly flowing within it, but as the 33 Divine Essencefused Runes took effect, the Five Elements Power within the Divine Essencefused Mountain suddenly stopped flowing!
The originally multi-colored Divine Essencefused Mountain instantly turned into a pale yellow mountain!
"The Five Elements Power has disappeared?" Luo Zheng's expression changed. He could sense that the other four Five Elements Power had completely disappeared. The only thing left in the mountain was the Law of Earth. In other words, in an instant, the Divine Essencefused Mountain had turned into an ordinary mountain …
"Pfff pfff …"
Several pale blue Wind Blades struck the Divine Essencefused Mountain, immediately creating deep dents in the 'mountain'. Before this, these Wind Blades that only contained the second level of the Law of Wind couldn't cause any substantial damage to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Even the power of the Black Wind Blades could only leave a faint mark on the Divine Essencefused Mountain.
However, the Divine Essencefused Mountain's transformation was only temporary. If the Five Elements Power wasn't suppressed like this, wanting to subdue the Divine Essencefused Mountain was simply wishful thinking.
"The person who can think of this method to subdue the Divine Essencefused Mountain must be a peerless genius," Qinglong murmured as he watched this scene in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Refine the Divine Essencefused Mountain while its Five Elements Power is suppressed!" In an instant, Luo Zheng's hands formed several mysterious seals, and the Blood Refining Runes that were originally imprinted on the Divine Essencefused Mountain sank into the mountain's interior.
"Sumeru Realm, draw a hexagon world, collect!"
At this moment, six of the 33 Divine Essencefused Six Stars Runes erupted with the violent Law of Space.
The Law of Space instantly spread out, forming a hexagon world that enveloped the Divine Essencefused Mountain. This was actually a Sumeru Realm, and the Divine Essencefused Mountain was sucked into it.
As the Sumeru Realm gradually stabilized, the hexagon world began to rapidly shrink, and the Divine Essencefused Mountain also shrank in proportion. At the same time, the speed of rotation also became faster and faster. The thousand-meter-tall mountain in front of Luo Zheng turned into a palm-sized miniature mountain. It was still rotating, and its surface was still yellow.
After suppressing the Five Elements Power, it still needed some time to recover. Luo Zheng didn't need to worry about it. He only needed to wait until the energy of the Divine Essencefused Mountain was exhausted, and the Divine Essencefused Mountain would naturally return to its original appearance.
Holding the spinning miniature mountain in his hand, a satisfied smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Under the situation where the Five Elements Power was suppressed, the Divine Essencefused Mountain was indeed useless. A single punch from a Life and Death expert could probably shatter the entire mountain.
However, the method to suppress the Five Elements Power wasn't something that ordinary people could come up with. It was only recorded in the Wonders of Nature. The reason why Qinglong sighed was that the thirty-three Divine Essencefused Six Stars Runes actually disintegrated the Five Elements Power and converted it into pure Law of Earth. It was too miraculous …
According to Qinglong's knowledge, there were many holy grounds in the upper realm that used the Five Elements Power to construct defensive arrays. This was because the Five Elements Power had no absolute weakness! Therefore, the thirty-three Divine Essencefused Six Stars Runes could not only disintegrate the Five Elements Power of the Divine Essencefused Mountain, but if those powerful defensive arrays encountered this method, they would also become as fragile as eggshells.
After the Five Elements Power was restored, how sturdy would the Divine Essencefused Mountain be? Although Divine Sea experts couldn't do anything to this mountain, even Extreme God experts could only sigh when encountering this mountain. If one wanted to use brute force to shatter the Divine Essencefused Mountain, the level of power involved would most likely be at the fifth, sixth, or seventh layer of Law of Earth. However, there weren't many almighty experts in the upper realm who possessed this level of Law of Earth. Therefore, the Divine Essencefused Mountain would inevitably become a great help to Luo Zheng.
After obtaining the Divine Essencefused Mountain, Luo Zheng's goal had been achieved. However, just as he was about to collect the Divine Essencefused Mountain, his heart suddenly skipped a beat, and an extremely uncomfortable feeling arose in his heart.
"Is someone spying on me?" Luo Zheng's brows wrinkled. He swept his gaze around, and at the same time, spread out his perception.
Wind blades swept and waves rolled, but there was nothing between the heaven and earth. As for the creatures in the Chaotic Astral Ocean, they had already tasted Luo Zheng's sufferings, and this time, they had already gone into hiding.
He didn't discover any creatures spying on him, but the vigilance in his heart was even more intense!