A shadow creature!
Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly twitched.
That black hook seemed to be made of animal bones, and its speed was incomparably fast. It headed straight for Luo Zheng, wanting to hook Luo Zheng into the crack.
Luo Zheng's reaction was also extremely fast. Just at that moment, a gust of wind swept over Luo Zheng. He immediately drifted along with the gust of wind, and his body abruptly moved a few feet to the side, barely dodging the hook!
The black hook didn't hit him. It floated in the air for a while, then unexpectedly changed direction and chased after Luo Zheng again.
"Chasing Cloud Movement Technique!"
How could Luo Zheng dare to stay any longer?
Even the seven Divine Realm experts of the Demi-Immortal Clan had to flee in front of the shadow creature. If he was really pulled into the crack, his fate could be imagined.
"Whoosh!"
The windstorm originally contained abundant Wind Element Law. When the Chasing Cloud Movement Technique was released, the Vital Essence in his body also erupted. Luo Zheng's speed instantly reached an extreme.
However, the black hook was even faster. It chased after Luo Zheng all the way, as if it wouldn't give up until Luo Zheng was hooked!
"I can't escape?" Relying on his perception, Luo Zheng knew that the black hook behind him was getting faster and faster, and it was getting closer and closer to him. His face also became gloomy.
Seeing that the black hook was only one or two feet away from Luo Zheng, and it would probably catch up to him in one or two breaths of time, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around while flying, and the power in his body madly surged out. If he couldn't escape, then he could only fight. This was probably what he thought in his heart.
However, right at this moment, a dramatic scene occurred. At the instant Luo Zheng concentrated, the hook became ramrod straight, and its tip emanated strands of cold light. However, it was unable to move in the slightest ….
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and a trace of a smile appeared on his face. The hook wasn't long enough.
This hook was released by the shadow creature from the back of the world. The hook could leave the back of the world, but the shadow creature couldn't.
Immediately after, the black hook shrank back with a whoosh, as if the shadow creature had given up.
However, Luo Zheng didn't let his guard down. The shadow creature seemed to be active in the "back of the Chaotic Astral Ocean." Although he didn't know what kind of malice these guys had towards him, staying here was definitely not a wise choice. Thus, he sped all the way to the Central Domain.
Sure enough, as Luo Zheng guessed, spatial cracks constantly appeared on the way, and the hook chased after Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng had already fled far away from the moment he opened the spatial rift. Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't get hit by the hook even once during his mad dash.
This chase continued all the way to the edge of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, and only then did the shadow creature give up chasing him.
As for why the shadow creature gave up, Luo Zheng felt it was quite strange. It was reasonable to say that the shadow creature's range of movement was limitless. Even in the Central Domain, they could still chase after him in the shadows. So why did they suddenly stop here?
Of course, for Luo Zheng, he heaved a sigh of relief. What if these guys were still here? Even if Luo Zheng entered the Cloud Palace, they would still be able to hunt him down in the shadows. Then, he would never have a day of peace.
But why did these guys stop? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Could it be … there was something in the Central Domain that they feared?
This was simply impossible. Although there were many dangerous places in the Central Domain, after reaching the Life and Death Realm, one could enter and leave at will. For example, although the Cloud Dream Swamp was dangerous and mysterious to ordinary warriors, it wasn't scary to Luo Zheng.
On the way back to the Cloud Hall, Luo Zheng was still vigilant. He still had countless guesses in his heart. After thinking it over, Luo Zheng came up with a somewhat reasonable guess. Perhaps there was something powerful on the "back side" of the Central Domain! And the shadow creature was very afraid of those powerful things. Therefore, they didn't dare to invade the back side of the Central Domain!
But what was on the back side of the Central Domain?
Luo Zheng was also curious. With his current strength, he could also forcibly tear open space and enter.
But after thinking it over, he still gave up.
No matter what was on the back side of the Central Domain, it wasn't an existence he could provoke at his current stage. At least, that thing had existed in the Central Domain for so long, but it didn't seem to have appeared in the history of the Central Domain. Luo Zheng better not explore the back side of the Central Domain.
Luo Zheng naturally understood that his luck was very strong, but sometimes, he had to seek death. No matter how strong his luck was, it was useless!
After obtaining the Divine Essencefused Mountain, Luo Zheng returned to the Cloud Hall. In addition to cultivating the "Secret of Primal Chaos", he also had to study the Divine Essencefused Mountain. The simplest and most violent use of the Divine Essencefused Mountain was to smash people with it.
If an ordinary mountain was refined, it could be smashed to pieces by a Divine Sea Realm expert. However, the Divine Essencefused Mountain wasn't so easy to block. Of course, smashing people was only the simplest use. The Divine Essencefused Mountain could also extract the Divine Essencefused Light. The Divine Essencefused Light was the Divine Essencefused Light that evolved after the Power of the Five Elements had settled in the Divine Essencefused Mountain for countless years. It could be used for one's own use. According to the "Wonders of Nature", the Divine Essencefused Light could suppress all the Power of the Five Elements in the world.
After studying like this for two months, early one morning, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his soul tremble!
From the depths of his soul, there was a feeling of extreme joy. It was the joy of the world's will!
"Eh?"
Luo Zheng, who was still cultivating, had a strange expression on his face. He then closed his eyes and raised his eyebrows. "The Ascension Passage has been repaired!"
Luo Zheng didn't know who repaired the Ascension Passage. It could be the Demi-Immortal Clan or the Human Clan. According to the old man of the Demi-Immortal Clan, the Demi-Immortal Clan should have reached some kind of "agreement" with the Human Clan. At least, White Brow Daoist didn't find trouble with the Demi-Immortal Clan. As for who took the Evil Dragon away from the Heavenly Star Secret Territory, Luo Zheng didn't know.
He didn't expect the Ascension Passage to be so efficient. In such a short time, the Ascension Passage had been repaired …
However, in the Great Thousand World, besides Luo Zheng himself, all the creatures below the Divine Sea Realm were in a state of indifference.
The strength of Life and Death Realm experts wasn't enough to be rejected by the Great Thousand World. They couldn't ascend, so whether the Ascension Passage was repaired or not had nothing to do with them.
However, it was different for Divine Sea Realm experts!
Within the four Divine Kingdoms, dozens of Divine Sea Realm experts felt an invisible repulsive force being exerted on their bodies at this moment!
The repulsive force was trying to squeeze them out of this plane!
The moment they felt the repulsive force, the Divine Sea Realm experts were ecstatic. Even Battle Emperor Yu the Great, Tianfeng War Emperor, and the others were the same.
They dreamed day and night in the hope that one day, they could ascend to the Upper World. The repulsive force was great news for them.
In less than half an hour after the repulsive force appeared, a bright silver light burst out from the Black Iron Divine Kingdom and shot up into the sky!
"Damn it, who is this guy? Why are they so impatient?" Zhou Huang couldn't help but curse in the palace of the Black Iron Divine Kingdom.
It was true that the Divine Sea Realm experts in the four Divine Kingdoms had been holding back for countless years. Everyone was impatient, but they couldn't just ascend recklessly!
The four Divine Kingdoms had a good relationship with each other, but they maintained a balance of strength. If all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom ascended and Zhou Huang was the only one left, how could this huge Divine Kingdom continue to function?
Therefore, Zhou Huang immediately summoned all the Divine Sea Realm experts in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom to the palace!
The problem was that those mighty warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm all wanted to ascend. Originally, they could ascend as long as they reached the Spirit Sea Realm. Most of them had reached the Spirit Sea Realm for many years. Zhou Huang couldn't stop them!