Just as Zhou Huang announced the summons, two or three more silver lights shot into the sky. Only half of the Divine Sea Realm masters obeyed Zhou Huang's order and rushed towards the Black Iron Divine Kingdom's palace. These Divine Sea Realm masters had a good relationship with Zhou Huang. Some of them were even martial artists from the Zhou Family …
This situation didn't only happen in the Black Iron Divine Kingdom. Outside the Sky Feather Holy Sea, silver lights constantly shot into the sky. This became a spectacle that the citizens of the four Divine Kingdoms praised!
Some of the Divine Sea Realm masters weren't in such a hurry, but after handing over the affairs of their families and instructing their disciples, they also chose to ascend.
In fact, Zhou Huang, Tianfeng War Emperor, Sky Fortune Kingdom King, and Battle Emperor Yu the Great were also anxious. How could they not be anxious when they saw their subordinates scrambling to ascend? But they were kings after all. They weren't like the Divine Sea Realm masters who were all alone. At most, they could leave after telling the juniors of their families.
As kings, they had too many things to take care of before they could ascend.
Battle Emperor Yu the Great was the angriest of them all. There were close to 20 Divine Sea Realm masters in the Great Yu Divine Kingdom. In just half a day, almost all of them had ascended. Only one person was left behind, and that person was his brother from the Liu Family!
The moment the ascension passage was repaired, Battle Emperor Yu the Great had already announced that he was summoning all the Divine Sea Realm masters. But these guys who used to be very respectful to him didn't care about him at all! Battle Emperor Yu the Great originally wanted to threaten these guys. If anyone dared to ascend without permission, he would exterminate their families! But he didn't say this out loud. He was going to ascend too. If he ascended, so what if the Liu Family was exterminated?
This was also because Battle Emperor Yu the Great was too harsh on the other Divine Sea Realm cultivators in the Divine Nation. Now, everyone was like a bird that had just broken free from its shackles. They no longer had to endure Battle Emperor Yu the Great's humiliation. Why would they listen to him?
Relatively speaking, there were more Divine Sea Realm warriors left in the other three Divine Kingdoms. However, within a day, seventy percent of the Divine Sea Realm warriors had ascended. It was believed that soon, there would be a reshuffling of the forces in the Divine Kingdoms. After all, all the Divine Sea Realm warriors would ascend, which would weaken the four Divine Kingdoms. By then, it would be a competition between Life and Death Realm warriors.
…
Such a situation of fighting to be the first to ascend had never happened in the Sea God Continent.
The reason was simple. The number of Spirit Sea Realm warriors on the Seagod Continent was far less than on the Divine Kingdom Continent. Every race had at least two or three Spirit Sea Realm warriors. Also, the Divine Kingdom Continent was in a state of chaos. As Spirit Sea Realm warriors, they naturally had a strong sense of mission and crisis. The Divine Kingdom Continent was dominated by human beings, so there was no sense of crisis.
However, Situ Haotian and the others still discussed this issue for a long time.
Among them, Liu Yu was the most depressed.
Now that the Tower of Sin had been fully opened, the number of experts on the Sea God's Continent would experience an explosive breakthrough.
The humans who controlled the Tower of Sin and the Yao Night Clan would definitely become the rulers of the Sea God's Continent.
However, that wasn't what Liu Yu was depressed about. She didn't want to ascend ….
In the past, Liu Yu had a strong desire to ascend. She understood her own talent. Through the Tower of Sin, she also understood that if her talent was recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan, even if she was only ranked in the second row, she would definitely be an outstanding existence in the higher realms. She would be able to shine even brighter for the Yao Night Clan and win even more glory for the three kings.
But now …. She didn't want to ascend.
The reason was simple. She was already involuntarily involved in the battle between the two kings.
Luo Zheng had shattered the statue of the King of Punishment twice, causing the latter to be in a violent rage. When Luo Zheng returned to the Sky Feather Holy Land last time, he had a direct confrontation with the King of Punishment. The King of Punishment had also ordered her to kill Luo Zheng and Xun.
However, Liu Yu didn't do as she was told. Logically speaking, she had already disobeyed the will of a king and deserved the death penalty.
If she ascended and returned to the Yao Night Clan, it was easy to imagine what would happen to her ….
But if she didn't ascend, was she going to remain in the Divine Sea realm for the rest of her life? Although she was still very young, only a little over two hundred years old, every cultivator had their own ambitions. How could she be content with staying in a corner and wasting her lifespan?
Thus, Liu Yu had been in a state of conflict ever since the ascension passageway was opened ….
… …
As for the Central Domain, no almighty Divine Sea realm cultivators had been born in the Central Domain ….
The matter of the Ascension Passageway's restoration caused a huge uproar in other places. Even on the undeveloped Desolate Continent, some living beings ascended. In the Boundless Sea, some powerful savage beasts ascended as well.
However, in the Central Domain, apart from Luo Zheng, no one else knew about this. The sun rose as usual. The commoners continued to live their ordinary lives, while the cultivators continued to cultivate without slacking off.
As for Luo Zheng, he had already begun his third Life Death Tribulation.
As long as the black eye didn't appear, the minor Heavenly Tribulation wasn't much of a threat to Luo Zheng. After taking the pill from the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan, Luo Zheng's cultivation increased by several levels. According to the old man, the pill could only speed up his advancement to the Divine Sea realm, but for the current Luo Zheng, it was already very useful.
Time passed quickly. Apart from cultivating and accompanying the three women, Luo Zheng also cast his gaze on the four Divine Kingdoms. He found that most of the almighty Divine Sea realm cultivators in the four Divine Kingdoms had ascended. Only five or six relatively young almighty Divine Sea realm cultivators were still in the Divine Kingdoms.
What surprised Luo Zheng even more was that Huo Yuner had also ascended ….
This woman with the bloodline of the True Phoenix had also ascended, which really surprised Luo Zheng. However, after some investigation, Luo Zheng understood that she hadn't ascended.
When she left this world, Huo Yuner had just broken through to the Life and Death realm. However, the bloodline of the True Phoenix in her body had erupted, giving birth to a special flame. As for what this flame had, Luo Zheng didn't know. However, after she entered the flame, she disappeared from this plane. Luo Zheng guessed that she didn't go to the Human Realm. Most likely, she went to the Great Realm where the True Phoenix Clan resided.
Thinking of his promise to her that he would return to the Divine Kingdom Continent in the future, Luo Zheng felt a little regretful. However, since she had entered the Great Realm, there was a possibility that they would meet again in the future. However, the Hundred Thousand Great Realms were unimaginably vast. Luo Zheng also knew that this hope was very slim.
Time passed quickly. Luo Zheng's cultivation was also steadily improving.
In the past two years, he had checked the Soul Cultivation Wood several times. His soul was still slowly recovering under the nourishment of the Soul Cultivation Wood, but he still fell into a deep sleep and didn't wake up.
As for Feng Nianyun …
Under Qinglong's request, Luo Zheng also had her communicate with Qinglong several times. There was no way to undo the Soul Seal in the Great Realm in the Great Realm. If he wanted to undo it, he would have to return to the Great Realm.
If Luo Zheng ascended in the future, he couldn't bring Feng Nianyun with him.
In fact, there was a simple way to send Feng Nianyun back to the Great Realm. The Rising Dragon Platform could easily do it. Moreover, Feng Nianyun originally belonged to the True Dragon Clan. Naturally, the Rising Dragon Platform was the most suitable. Unfortunately, as soon as Luo Zheng suggested this, Feng Nianyun and Qinglong both refused.
It seemed that Qinglong wasn't the only one involved with the True Dragon Clan. Feng Nianyun also didn't want to return to the True Dragon Clan. As such, Luo Zheng didn't have a good way to help Feng Nianyun.
He could only place her body in the depths of the Cloud Hall and guard it closely. No one was allowed to approach it.
In the future, when he found a way to undo the Soul Seal in the Great Realm, he would return to the Great Realm to help Feng Nianyun undo the seal.
Luo Zheng's cultivation was still rising rapidly. The pills of the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan continued to take effect. Soon, Luo Zheng ushered in the fourth Life and Death Tribulation. The interval between the fourth and third Life and Death Tribulations was only three months!
The interval between each Life and Death Tribulation was getting shorter and shorter.
For Luo Zheng, these were the most comfortable days. He even wanted to deliberately suppress the speed of his cultivation and take some time to accompany the three women. However, the rapid improvement of his cultivation made Luo Zheng feel somewhat helpless.
However, he had thought it through. Even if he entered the Divine Ocean Realm, he would suppress himself and not be in a hurry to ascend.
However, after the fifth Life and Death Tribulation, he strangely found that he was rejected by the Great Thousand World!
＝＝＝＝＝