Generally speaking, only after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm and opening up an inner world would the Great Thousand World sense it and repel it.
However, Luo Zheng was only at the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm, yet he could feel the repulsive force. This was a bit strange.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had already fused with the will of the world, yet he was still repelled by the Great Thousand World. Wasn't this the same as repelling himself?
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng couldn't question the Great Thousand World. Even if he did, he wouldn't get an answer. The Great Thousand World was the collection of all the creatures in the world, not a single will.
Even if he felt the repulsive force, Luo Zheng still tried his best to suppress it. Resisting this repulsive force even consumed Luo Zheng's strength!
"Something's wrong." Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
Through the will of the Great Thousand World, Luo Zheng also investigated the four Divine Kingdoms and Sea God Continent. Liu Yu and the others should also be repelled, but they seemed to be easily suppressing themselves in this plane. This force didn't cause them too much trouble.
However, ever since Luo Zheng's cultivation broke through to the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm, this invisible repulsive force became stronger and stronger with each passing day. It could even be said that it had multiplied!
On the first day, Luo Zheng was still very relaxed.
On the second day, the repulsive force was already pressuring Luo Zheng.
On the third day, the repulsive force was already affecting Luo Zheng. He had to divert his attention to suppress it, or else he wouldn't be able to concentrate on cultivation.
On the fourth day, Luo Zheng's face revealed a bitter expression! He had to divert a lot of his strength to suppress it!
At this time, Ning Yudie also noticed the strange look on Luo Zheng's face. She was also worried about her husband, so when she saw the worried look on Luo Zheng's face, she thought that Luo Zheng was not feeling well.
However, at this level of cultivation, it could be said that he was immune to all kinds of diseases. Those small problems simply didn't exist …
In order to dispel Ning Yudie's doubts, Luo Zheng forced himself to be calm and told Ning Yudie that it was nothing.
However, on the fifth day, Luo Zheng couldn't bear it anymore. He gathered the three women and told them the truth. He was afraid that he couldn't suppress the repulsive force and would be driven out of the Great Thousand World.
After the three women heard this, they were all shocked.
Although they knew that Luo Zheng would eventually ascend, Luo Zheng was still at the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm, they could accompany Luo Zheng for a period of time. How could he ascend now?
However, when they saw how strained Luo Zheng was, the three women had no choice but to believe him.
Ning Yudie was depressed. After accompanying her husband for a thousand days, there would eventually be a day when they would part. She didn't like it being so sudden …
Luo Zheng was even more depressed. He didn't know what the Great Thousand World meant. Originally, he had merged with the will of the Great Thousand World and was the spokesperson of this plane. Now, the Great Thousand World couldn't wait to kick him out. He couldn't figure it out. As for Qinglong, he was also puzzled. No matter how he looked at it, he couldn't explain this phenomenon in Luo Zheng's body.
In the end, Qinglong attributed the problem to the Primal Chaos Secret Technique that Luo Zheng cultivated. The problem could only be here because ascension was actually related to the Inner World. Ordinary people would only ascend after opening the Inner World, but the Inner World was formed by a sea of Vital Qi.
Although Luo Zheng didn't open the Inner World, it didn't contain Vital Qi, but Chaotic Qi!
Luo Zheng could only agree with this conjecture. However, the Primal Chaos Secret Technique that he cultivated had embarked on a completely different path from others. Perhaps even his master couldn't explain it. Only Qinglong's conjecture was the most reliable.
On the fifth day, Luo Zheng had to spare one-third of his strength to suppress himself!
On the sixth day, Luo Zheng had to use the power of the dragon scale. Only in this way could he prevent himself from being "ascended".
At this time, Luo Zheng knew that he probably couldn't drag it out until today.
In the past two days, Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun had completely stopped cultivating. After this separation, they didn't know when they would meet again. As for Xi Youqin, she had been sticking to Luo Zheng all day long. These two days, she had stuck to him even tighter. She also knew that after Luo Zheng left, she would also leave the Central Domain and enter the Indefinite Tower of the Extreme Purple Realm to cultivate.
Xi Youqin was struggling with another problem. The Upper World was so big that her brain couldn't even imagine it. Even if she succeeded in cultivating in the Extreme Purple Realm, how could she find Luo Zheng in the future?
The power of the dragon scale was not endless. Luo Zheng continued to use the power of the dragon scale to suppress himself. Even the dragon scales seemed to dim. Fortunately, Luo Zheng had a lot of dragon scales lit up in his body. After this batch of dragon scales dimmed, he could extract the power of another batch of dragon scales.
At noon, Xi Youqin hurriedly cooked a table full of dishes.
The family gathered in the Ice Palace of the Cloud Hall. The expressions on the faces of the three girls were different, but their eyes showed that they were reluctant to part with him.
Luo Zheng was thinking about things in his mind. After all, there were some details that he wanted to clarify. However, with Ning Yudie's current strength, there seemed to be no one in the Central Domain who could pose a threat to her. He was just afraid that she would accidentally enter the reverse side of the world in the future, so he would remind her of these things …
At night, Luo Zheng could no longer suppress the repulsive force.
The moment Luo Zheng withdrew the power of the dragon scale, a bright silver light enveloped Luo Zheng. In the light, Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Ning Yudie and the other two girls.
Ning Yudie bit her lips and wanted to say something, but the bright silver light was getting denser and denser. Luo Zheng's entire body was submerged in it, and his appearance could no longer be seen clearly. Then, he suddenly shot up into the sky!
Because it was nighttime, this brilliant ray of light was even more dazzling than a bolt of lightning. Everyone in an area of 500km around the city had witnessed this scene, and all sorts of rumors arose. However, they suddenly didn't know that the number one expert of the central territory had ascended to the higher dimensions amidst this ray of light.
The three girls stared blankly at the empty hall. Suddenly, they felt that something was missing in their hearts.
Among them, Xi Youqin was the calmest. She still believed that it wouldn't be long before she could meet Luo Zheng again!
At this moment, she looked at Ning Yudie's uncomfortable expression and suddenly said, "What were you planning to say to Luo Zheng just now?"
Ning Yudie pursed her lips and lowered her head to look at the floor. She said, "Nothing …."
When she saw Ning Yudie's expression, how could Xi Youqin believe Ning Yudie's words? However, since Ning Yudie didn't say anything, Xi Youqin couldn't force her.
Ning Yudie had just turned around when she suddenly clutched her chest. Her throat felt uncomfortable, and she couldn't help but retch.
Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun stared blankly at her. Suddenly, they understood something. Ning Yudie was actually pregnant.
In fact, Ning Yudie had realized that she was pregnant several days ago. However, she didn't have the time to tell Luo Zheng. In the past two days, she suddenly heard that Luo Zheng couldn't suppress himself and was about to be kicked out of this world. This made her even more anxious.
A cultivator's control over their body was far beyond that of ordinary people. In front of Luo Zheng, it was naturally easy for her to suppress her morning sickness. However, a living creature was forming in her stomach. This was a normal reaction. Suppressing it wasn't a good thing. It was only after Luo Zheng left that she started retching ….
Seeing Ning Yudie's uncomfortable expression, Xi Youqin muttered, "Why didn't you tell him?"
Ning Yudie shook her head. "Now isn't the time."
Xi Youqin smiled faintly. "It doesn't matter. When I meet Luo Zheng in the future, I'll tell him!"
"What do you mean?" The feeling of retching finally dissipated. When Ning Yudie heard this, she was also puzzled.
"Nothing." Xi Youqin smiled faintly. "I'm also leaving the Central Domain. Tomorrow, I'll go to the Void Spirit Sect to bid farewell to my great-grandfather and Xi Youjie!"
"You're going to the Purple Extreme Realm?" Ning Yudie asked with a frown.
Although Luo Zheng didn't say it, Ning Yudie knew that he wanted her to protect Xi Youqin and Su Lingyun. After all, she was the strongest now.
"Yes!" Xi Youqin nodded proudly. In the absence of Luo Zheng, Xi Youqin's temperament had returned to its original state.
Ning Yudie didn't expect this at all. She said almost reflexively, "I won't allow it."
However, how could Xi Youqin listen to Ning Yudie? She just snorted coldly. "You can't control me!"
Ning Yudie also knew that she couldn't interfere with Xi Youqin. In fact, on the day of her dual cultivation ceremony with Luo Zheng, she also saw the old man from the Celestial Clan talking a lot with Xi Youqin. Xi Youqin seemed to be exuberant, so it must be related to this matter. Looking at Xi Youqin's calm and collected appearance now, Ning Yudie was even more certain.
Therefore, Ning Yudie even had a hint of selfishness when she stopped Xi Youqin this time. It was probably because she couldn't ascend to the Upper Realm now because her cultivation wasn't enough. Naturally, she didn't want Xi Youqin to go to the Purple Extreme Realm. It was too shameless to save the country in such a roundabout way …
The two women were arguing, but they didn't notice Su Lingyun next to them.
The determination in Su Lingyun's heart was magnified countless times at this time. She knew that her talent was the weakest, so she had to work ten times harder than the two women to catch up to them.