Enveloped by the bright silver light, Luo Zheng's speed grew faster and faster, and he flew higher and higher.
An invisible force pushed him away from this plane, shooting him toward the boundless sky.
Creatures that were too powerful would be rejected by the entire plane. The experts of the Celestial Clan should have used some kind of secret technique to avoid this repulsive force. It was just like how people who didn't know how to swim would find it difficult to overcome their own buoyancy and sink to the bottom of the water.
If Luo Zheng wanted to return to the Vast Thousand World in the future, he would probably have to master this secret technique.
Luo Zheng looked down at the dark and lofty continent below him. In the beginning, he could faintly see some lights coming from Cloudsea City, Apocalypse City, and a few other large cities. But as he flew up, the entire continent became smaller and smaller in his field of vision. After a while, Luo Zheng could already see the Divine Kingdom Continent and the Central Domain Continent.
"Whoosh … whoosh …"
The sound of wind mixed with the sound of metal colliding could be heard. It was the Astral Wind that was attacking him.
At this moment, the Astral Wind, which was invincible, was unable to cause any harm to Luo Zheng. The bright silver light formed a special layer of protective film. Ordinary attacks seemed to only be able to pass through Luo Zheng's body and were unable to cause any harm to him.
After passing through the Astral Wind layer, Luo Zheng continued to fly higher.
When Luo Zheng cultivated the Stellar Battle Body, he had already experienced this. But at that time, Luo Zheng relied on the gravity of the stars to guide his perception to soar. Now, Luo Zheng's physical body was roaming the sky! However, this wasn't Luo Zheng's own strength. Instead, he was relying on the repulsive force of the Vast Thousand World.
As Luo Zheng moved further and further away from the Vast Thousand World, his connection with the Vast Thousand World gradually weakened. At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly thought of an important matter.
When he was in the Great Wide World, Luo Zheng could transfer his power to any place in the world at will. Now that he had left the Great Wide World, could he still do it?
With the miraculous ability to transfer power, Luo Zheng was almost invincible in this plane. No matter how powerful the power was, it was almost impossible to cause any substantial harm to Luo Zheng, unless the power was so strong that the entire Vast Thousand World couldn't bear it. In that case, the entire Vast Thousand World would be destroyed.
However, after leaving the Great Wide World, would this ability still be effective?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's heart stirred. He wanted to transfer his power, but … Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of a bitter smile. The transfer of power had already lost its effect.
This important ability was lost after leaving the Great Wide World.
Although Luo Zheng felt a little regretful, his mentality soon became calm. After all, the transfer of power was not Luo Zheng's own ability, but a strength that could only be exerted with the help of the Vast Thousand World.
The cultivation of a cultivator emphasized more on his own strength. Relying on external forces could make him strong for a while, but in the end, he couldn't be proud for a lifetime. Relying too much on this ability would only make Luo Zheng unable to fully gain experience!
However, although the ability to transfer power could not be used, the memory of the Vast Thousand World still existed in Luo Zheng's mind. He still maintained a weak connection with the Vast Thousand World and could look up the past and present events of the entire Vast Thousand World.
Therefore, even after leaving this plane, Luo Zheng could still observe the movements of Ning Yudie and the others …
The speed of the physical body was far slower than the speed of perception, and it was also slower than the ascension channel opened by the Rising Dragon Platform. Luo Zheng was like a leaf drifting in the wind, drifting in the vast universe.
For a few days, Luo Zheng maintained a motionless posture.
Luo Zheng had seen the scenery in the universe dozens of times. This time, he closed his eyes and observed the movements in the Cloud Hall through the memory of the Vast Thousand World …
He saw Ning Yudie sitting in the ice palace in a daze, looking up at the sky in a slight daze. Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Luo Zheng felt a little distressed.
He also saw Su Lingyun with a serious expression on her face, cultivating meticulously …
However, where was Xi Youqin? Why was she missing?
He transferred his thoughts into that mass of memory, but he could not find any trace of her in the entire Vast Thousand World.
With Xi Youqin's cultivation, it was impossible for her to ascend. At present, there was only one explanation — she had already gone to the Extreme Purple Realm.
Why did she go to the Extreme Purple Realm?
Luo Zheng was also somewhat puzzled. Ever since the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan came once, Xi Youqin had been evasive several times. She was hiding something from Luo Zheng.
After thinking for a long time, Luo Zheng still could not figure it out, so he could only let it be. This woman was extremely obedient in front of him, but her willfulness was almost innate. Whatever she wanted to do, Luo Zheng could not control it.
It took him a month to ascend to the Immortal Realm.
After a month, Luo Zheng's light suddenly scattered, and he rushed into a big dark hole at an extremely high speed. After passing through the big hole, a loud noise suddenly came from above.
"Boom!"
This violent noise was like thousands of thunderbolts, shaking Luo Zheng's ears, almost making Luo Zheng faint, and his whole mind was a mess.
When Luo Zheng gradually regained his consciousness, he found himself lying in a square well.
The clear water in this square well glowed with a light blue light, and the well water was so clear that one could see the bottom. Soaking in this light blue water gave Luo Zheng an extremely comfortable feeling.
In addition to Luo Zheng, there were several other people in this square well!
Like Luo Zheng, these people's faces were full of confusion, as if they did not know their situation.
Luo Zheng casually sized them up. These people were all in the Divine Sea Realm, but they seemed to have just stepped into the Divine Sea Realm. These people's strength was far inferior to Zhou Huang and the Tianfeng War Emperor in the Divine Kingdom Continent. Even the three Mansion Masters of the Profound Jade Martial House were far inferior.
These people should have ascended as well …
Luo Zheng guessed in his heart. Moreover, they were warriors who had just cultivated to the Divine Sea Realm and chose to ascend.
Because of the Ascension Passage in the Divine Kingdom Continent, many Divine Sea Realm warriors were unable to ascend. In the long years, their cultivation had risen to the middle stage of the Divine Sea Realm, and even the late stage of the Divine Sea Realm. These warriors who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm naturally could not be mentioned in the same breath.
"This, is this the Upper Realm …" A warrior looked at this square well for a long time and finally asked.
Another person nodded, "It should be! But what's up with this square well? "
The others shook their heads silently.
However, in the corner, a woman in plain clothes said, "This should be the Ascension Well."
"The Ascension Well?" The others asked at the same time.
The woman in plain clothes nodded, "I heard that some Holy Lands in the Upper Realm use the Ascension Well to guide the ascenders from the universe. I guess these square wells should be the Ascension Well, but I don't know which Holy Land we ascended to."
"Must it be the Holy Land of the Human Race? What if it's some other race's Holy Land? "A bearded man lightly said.
The woman in plain clothes continued to say, "This situation is relatively rare because there is a mysterious karmic connection between races. However … I heard that there are cases of people ascending to other races' Great Worlds. For instance, a human Holy Land has just been taken away by the Demon Race. If we ascend here, I'm afraid …"
"I'm afraid what?" A tall and thin warrior asked.
The woman in plain clothes faintly smiled, "If we fall into the hands of the Demon Race, we naturally won't be able to survive."
Hearing this, the others' complexions changed!
Those that could reach the Divine Sea Realm and ascend to the Upper Realm were all peak powerhouses in the Lower Realm they came from. The reason they chose to leave in such a hurry was because of their own ambitions, or perhaps it was driven by their own ambitions. They wanted to reach a higher level of cultivation and pursue the pinnacle of martial arts.
If they ascended to the Upper Realm and ended up in the wrong place, or even fell into the hands of the Demon Race or some other incomparably cruel race, then they wouldn't even have a place to cry.
To die before they even achieved victory, everyone was afraid of this situation.