Only after breaking through to the Divine Sea Realm could one ascend. This had almost become the law of the universe.
Were the people in the Ascension Well all at the Divine Sea Realm? How could there be a Life and Death Realm kid in front of them?
Moreover, when the plain-clothed woman talked about ascending to other races, she quietly paid attention to Luo Zheng. She also noticed that this Life and Death Realm kid was the calmest. This calmness wasn't an act, but came from his heart. This was the characteristic of a Martial Heart that was extremely stable.
Indeed, they were all Divine Sea Realm warriors. Cultivating to this point, their Martial Hearts had been baptized by years of trials and tribulations. However, it was still difficult to be as calm as Luo Zheng.
It was also because of this that the plain-clothed woman paid more attention to Luo Zheng.
"Although the water in this well is comfortable, it's not a good idea to keep soaking in it! Let's go out first! "One of the warriors suggested.
This suggestion was immediately seconded by the others. One of them suddenly felt his body become light. His whole body floated above the well water, and he immediately rushed towards the well.
However, that person only rushed halfway before a muffled sound rang out. It was as if his head had hit an invisible wall, and with a plop, he fell back into the well.
"What's going on?"
"There seems to be a transparent cover above this well?"
The others asked one after another.
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at the sky above the well. At the same time, he also jumped up and stretched his hand towards the void.
Sure enough, there was an invisible barrier above this well. If he wanted to break through this well, he had to open this barrier first.
Luo Zheng was extremely confident in his own strength, but he didn't do so. The key point was that Luo Zheng was unfamiliar with this place. It was better for him not to act rashly. Although he wasn't afraid of trouble, he didn't want to get into trouble for no reason.
"Plop!"
After sinking into the well water, Luo Zheng indifferently said, "There is indeed a barrier above. It should be man-made."
The few people in the well nodded. Everyone curiously sized up Luo Zheng. The more the bearded warrior looked, the more confused he became. He laughed and said, "How could you ascend when you're only at the Life and Death Realm? Is there a mistake? "
"Right! A Life and Death realm brat can actually ascend? I've never heard of such a thing!"
"Originally, I thought that since I had just opened my Deity Ocean, I would be at the bottom of the Upper Realm. I didn't expect that there would be a Life and Death Realm martial artist here. Hehe …"
There was a trace of disdain in the words of these people.
They were all Spirit Sea Realm warriors after all. How could they take Life and Death Realm warriors seriously?
Only the plain-clothed woman didn't look at Luo Zheng this way. In her opinion, ascending with the cultivation of Life and Death realm meant that he had broken the rules of ascension. Such a person was truly frightening. If her premonition was correct, this person's strength was absolutely not as simple as Life and Death realm!
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's face was still indifferent. He stretched his body, trying to get as close to the well water as possible.
They didn't expect to soak in the well water for half a month. During this half a month, everyone could only stay in this small well, which was a bit boring. Moreover, the enchantment above the well could even isolate the world's origin energy. When they cultivated, they could only use the best grade true origin stones they carried with them to replenish their true essence.
Half a month later, everyone suddenly heard a series of footsteps.
Not long after, an armored warrior stood on the edge of the well, indifferently looking at the group of people below. At the same time, they heard the armored warrior say, "They should have been bathing for half a month. I don't know if this group of bumpkins from the Lower Realm have washed off the smell of dirt on their bodies!"
Hearing this, everyone in the well suddenly flew into a rage!
It was true that they came from the Lower Realm. However, as the top existences in the Lower Realm, they were usually aloof! Some of them were originally the kings of Divine Kingdoms. How could they endure such humiliation when they were the object of worship of countless creatures in a Divine Kingdom?
What's more, heroes didn't matter where they came from. How could warriors from the Lower Realm be so unbearable?
Therefore, the faces of those warriors were extremely gloomy. They angrily stared at the armored warrior above the well. However, when they thought that they couldn't do anything, they couldn't do anything.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly. His eyes were full of indifference. It seemed that this big world was similar to the Lower Realm. There was no lack of such people everywhere.
The armored warrior above the well felt the angry gazes below and laughed. "I know you are not convinced. However, to be honest, if you didn't bathe your bodies in the well of purification and jump out directly, I'm afraid you wouldn't be able to withstand the violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth! Do you think our big world is the same as your small place? "
"Violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth? What do you mean?" Everyone looked at each other.
The armored warrior laughed. "Anyway, you have been soaking in the well water for half a month. It seems that it's about time. I'll let you feel it!"
After saying this, the armored warrior undid the enchantment above the well!
The moment the armored warrior undid the enchantment, everyone felt a violent and chaotic power sweep over from above the well!
The expressions of the people in the well changed. When this violent power was released, it immediately gave them an invisible pressure, causing them to feel extremely uncomfortable.
"What's the matter with the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth?"
"It can even stimulate my Dantian …"
"My True Core Sea is stirring up turbulent waves!"
Even the plain-clothed woman, who knew a lot about the Upper Realm, didn't look good.
All of a sudden, these Spirit Sea Realm warriors found that their True Essence Sea was reacting with the violent natural essence. The seawater formed by the True Essence in their Inner Worlds was rolling up strange waves, as if their entire Inner Worlds were about to roll over. Of course, this feeling was uncomfortable.
Some martialists who couldn't bear it realized that the water in the well was the only thing that could protect them. Hence, they submerged their entire bodies into the well water. This was the only way to make them feel better.
"What a violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth." Luo Zheng also felt the abnormality of the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth was almost omnipresent in the universe. However, the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in this big world was completely different from the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in the Great Thousand World! If the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in the Great Thousand World was described as a docile sheep, then the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in this big world was a ferocious tiger or leopard!
However, no matter how violent the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth was, it didn't have much effect on Luo Zheng.
The reason was simple. He didn't have any True Core in his body. After practicing the Secret Skill of Primal Chaos, Luo Zheng's Dantian had undergone earth-shaking changes. Even if there was only Chaotic Qi in his Dantian, it wouldn't be affected by the violent Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
Luo Zheng looked at these Divine Sea Realm experts with a strange expression. "Even if the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth is violent and hard to tame and absorb, these Divine Sea Realm warriors shouldn't have such a reaction, right?" Of course, he was asking Qinglong. If even the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't stand the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth, then what about the other warriors in the big world?
The big world was rich in resources, but after all, not everyone was a Divine Sea Realm expert. There must be countless mortals, countless Primordial creatures, and countless Divine Reflection Realm warriors …
If even the Divine Sea Realm experts couldn't stand it, how could those Primordial creatures survive?
Qinglong smiled faintly in Luo Zheng's mind. "It's nothing strange. The reason is simple. It's like the fish that live in the deep sea. They can't survive in the shallow sea. If they are fished out of the deep sea by force, I'm afraid they will explode and die."
"I know. It's because of the water pressure." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Yes, the same problem exists in the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. It's called the pressure of the Yuan Qi. Although they are Divine Sea Realm experts, they also need a period of adaptation. After this period of adaptation, they won't feel so uncomfortable," Qinglong answered.
"But when I went to the Zhenlong Field, I didn't feel the pressure of the Yuan Qi!" Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Zheng had not only been to the Zhenlong Field, but also to the Extreme Purple Realm. Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin had also been there. At that time, Luo Zheng didn't feel anything strange.
＝＝＝＝＝