Qing Long explained to Luo Zheng's confusion. There were differences between big realms. The Zhenlong Realm and the Extreme Purple Realm were not complete big realms. The Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth in these realms was almost the same as in the lower realms …
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. At this moment, the soldier saw the reactions of the Divine Sea Realm experts in the square wells and burst into laughter. "Look at you guys. Haha, every time I open a well, I see this scene. It's so funny!"
Although the Divine Sea Realm experts in the well water were angry, they could do nothing about it. The feeling of the Vital Spirit Sea rolling in their bodies was too uncomfortable. No one wanted to float up from the well water.
"It seems that there is no one worth seeing in this well. Take your time to get used to it!" After saying this, the soldier retreated.
Since the seal on the square wells had disappeared, there was no need for Luo Zheng to stay in the well water. Besides, he was not affected by the pressure of the Yuan Qi at all. He jumped up from the well and stood firmly on the edge of the well.
He glanced around and a look of surprise appeared on his face. He didn't expect there to be so many square wells around!
There were many square wells around Luo Zheng. Not far away, there were more than a dozen soldiers checking the wells one by one. "There are so many Ascension Wells. There must be hundreds of Divine Sea Realm experts in them. And they are only Divine Sea Realm experts who have ascended from the lower realms! "
Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh in his heart.
However, he didn't consider the feelings of the soldiers when he jumped up.
Luo Zheng stood beside the square wells and immediately attracted the attention of the soldiers. Under their helmets, their eyes were focused on Luo Zheng. Their eyes were full of astonishment.
"Is there … a mistake?"
"Didn't the seal on the well just disappear? How can a guy adapt to the pressure of the Yuan Qi in such a short time?"
"Freak!"
Several soldiers stared at Luo Zheng in a daze.
"You've got the point wrong. This guy is not only a freak, he is a freak among freaks. This guy is only in the Life and Death Realm!" A soldier suddenly said.
Many soldiers just realized that Luo Zheng was only in the Life and Death Realm. They were completely stunned.
These soldiers were all in the Divine Sea Realm. Their task was to guide the ascenders from the lower realms. Over the years, they had guided many ascenders.
Most ascenders needed to stay in the well for ten days to half a month. The purpose was to let them gradually get used to the Yuan Qi of the World. The next step was to open the seal and let the Yuan Qi in the upper realms in order to let them get used to it!
If an ascender was suddenly thrown into this violent Yuan Qi, it would probably cause the entire True Yuan Sea to flow backward. The Dantian was the foundation of a martial artist. Every movement in the Dantian would have a great impact on the martial artist. Under the reverse flow of the True Yuan Sea, the lightest injury would be quite serious. In the worst case, one would suffer Qi Deviation or even directly explode. In other words, one would die from the explosion of the Dantian.
Therefore, after opening the seal, there was usually half a month to adapt.
Ascenders with stronger adaptability were able to adapt within ten days, while ascenders with excellent physiques were even able to adapt within seven days.
However, there were always some monstrous characters in this world who could adapt to the pressure of the Yuan Qi in about three days after opening the seal.
It was just that the number of such characters was extremely small. Often, one or two would only be seen in many years.
According to the older generation of martial artists who served as guides, there was once a person who ascended from the Lower Realm. It was said that he had adapted to the Essence Qi pressure within four hours, and that fellow was now the famous Empyrean Illusory Sea!
But now …
They seemed to have just opened the seal. The time given to this Life and Death Realm martial artist to adapt was less than half an hour.
How did this guy suddenly jump out? Moreover, he looked like he was fine!
What was even more frightening was that this guy seemed to be only at the Life and Death Realm. When would Life and Death Realm martial artists be able to ascend?
The minds of these soldiers were suddenly in a mess. They even suspected that something had happened in the universe. Did the rules of ascension change?
"You!" The soldier who had just left the square well turned his head and rushed towards Luo Zheng. However, when he arrived in front of Luo Zheng, his powerful aura rapidly weakened. He also couldn't think straight. However, at the last moment, he still managed to think straight …
He couldn't treat this guy as an ordinary ascender from the lower realms. This kind of character's growth speed was astonishing. If he made a name for himself in the future, not to mention becoming a Celestial or World Lord, even if he wanted to obtain an important position in the Holy Land, he wouldn't be an existence he could provoke.
He even regretted that when he had just opened the barrier, he shouldn't have ridiculed the cultivator in this square well. He had accidentally injured this fellow in front of him, so he only hoped that this fellow wouldn't take it to heart.
Therefore, when he rushed in front of Luo Zheng, a smile instantly appeared on his face. He said politely, "This friend's ability to adapt is not bad. Welcome to the upper realms and become a member of our Lingwu Holy Land!"
This guy's expression changed so quickly that even Luo Zheng secretly sighed. Although Luo Zheng hated this guy's words, he wouldn't really take this guy seriously. He just asked indifferently, "This is the Lingwu Holy Land of the human race?"
"Yes!" The soldier said proudly, "Lingwu Holy Land is one of the three great tenth-rank Holy Lands in the Spiritual Realm!"
Tenth-rank Holy Land …
Luo Zheng nodded. The four Divine Kingdoms could barely be called an eighth-rank Holy Land. A tenth-rank Holy Land was probably the pinnacle of Holy Lands. It was just that he didn't know how big the Lingwu Holy Land was and how many experts there were.
When the soldier saw that Luo Zheng didn't want to take it to heart, he took out a pair of black shackles and waved it in front of Luo Zheng. "Sorry, please put on these shackles …"
Seeing this pair of shackles, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
Probably because they saw that Luo Zheng's expression wasn't good, two soldiers came over. One of them said in a businesslike manner, "Nothing. According to the rules of our Lingwu Holy Land, anyone who ascends must put on shackles and serve our Lingwu Holy Land. They can only leave after meeting certain conditions!"
"Is it the same for everyone?" Luo Zheng frowned even more.
According to Luo Zheng's plan, after ascending, he has two choices. The first is to become an independent warrior and gain experience in the universe. The second is to find out about his sister's whereabouts! "
After his strength increased, he would help Xun return to the Yao Ye Clan. It would be best if he could help Xun get rid of that bitch in the Yao Ye Clan. Then, he would help Qinglong build the Heavenly Divination Body …
Of course, each of these goals was more difficult than the last!
For example, Xun's strength was at the level of a Realm Lord. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was unrealistic for him to face a Realm Lord. It would take him a long time to achieve this goal.
As for helping Qinglong build the Heavenly Divination Body, it wouldn't be easy either. Finding Luo Yan was the most difficult goal to achieve. At the same time, it was also a goal that had to be achieved. That young man's strength was still vivid in Luo Zheng's mind. He couldn't even compare to a millionth of that young man's strength. This gap was too wide.
Time was still pressing for Luo Zheng. He didn't feel the slightest bit relaxed.
He had just ascended, but he was about to be locked up like a prisoner and enslaved. It would be strange if Luo Zheng was in a good mood!
Seeing Luo Zheng's unhappy expression, the soldiers' auras also became cold. In their eyes, Luo Zheng might be an outstanding person among the ascenders, but he was still an ascender. Even his cultivation was only at the Life and Death Realm.
"These are the rules. Regardless of whether you follow the rules or not, you have to serve. You have no choice." One of the soldiers smiled faintly and said, "So don't make things difficult for us!"