After Luo Zheng's hands were locked, he looked at the material of the shackles and shook his head slightly.
The resources in the Upper World were not as exaggerated as he thought. The shackles were just middle-grade sacred tools. It was wishful thinking for them to bind him. Although there were some mysterious divine patterns on the shackles, Luo Zheng was still confident that he could break them with his strength alone.
However, as these soldiers said, he didn't need to make things difficult for them. Not to mention that he was facing a group of Divine Sea Realm experts. With his current strength, he couldn't escape.
Since he had ascended to the Spiritual World, he needed to act according to the circumstances. Now, Luo Zheng had already passed the stage of being a hothead. He knew what it meant to be patient.
After putting on the shackles, Luo Zheng was led by a soldier to a pavilion not far away to wait.
Before the soldier left, Luo Zheng heard something in his Spirit Beast Pouch. Then, there was a "Gu Gu" sound.
The soldier looked at Luo Zheng and asked curiously, "You brought a Spirit Beast with you when you ascended? Is it a contract beast that you raised yourself? "
Hearing the soldier's question, Luo Zheng knew that something was wrong.
The Ancestral Dragon was something that the Demi-Immortal Clan wanted to capture. It was no small matter. If it was discovered, it would cause trouble. However, Luo Zheng's expression was still calm. He smiled and said, "Yes, a contract beast caught in the Lower World."
The soldier nodded faintly, then turned and left. In the eyes of warriors from the Upper World, what good things could there be in the Lower World? He was too lazy to check.
When the soldier left, Luo Zheng thought that it was a close call. He patted the Spirit Beast Pouch and said, "Little guy, don't make any noise. If you were taken away, I wouldn't be able to save you."
After these days of growth, the Ancestral Dragon's intelligence had reached the level of an eight or nine-year-old child. Naturally, it could understand Luo Zheng's words.
Before they ascended, Xi Youqin had made a lot of food and stored it in the Spirit Beast Pouch. It seemed that this little guy was almost done eating.
Actually, with the Ancestral Dragon's physique as a divine artifact, it didn't need to eat at all. It only needed to breathe in the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi to grow. However, because Xi Youqin ate this fellow, it naturally became picky. This time, it probably couldn't hold back anymore.
Luo Zheng's threat was very effective. In the end, it left an impression on Luo Zheng. It was afraid of being separated from its "mother", so it curled up in the spirit beast bag and stayed motionless, no longer making any sound.
Half a month had passed as they waited ….
In the first seven days, not a single ascender was able to enter the pavilion. On the tenth day, the first cultivator to enter was the plain-clothed woman. The plain-clothed woman's hands were shackled, and when she looked at Luo Zheng, there was a look of surprise in her eyes.
She seemed to have learned about the rules of the Upper Realm through other means. She also knew that it wasn't easy to adapt to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi after leaving the Ascension Well.
Even so, it took her ten days before she dared to leave the Ascension Well. Compared to Luo Zheng, who had completely adapted to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi in the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, they couldn't be compared at all …
The plain-clothed woman sat next to Luo Zheng and asked directly, "How did you do it?"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "How did I do it?"
"There's only one explanation for adapting to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi in such a short time." The plain-clothed woman had another theory in her mind. "You … are not an Ascender from the Lower Realm. You're an Ascender from the Upper Realm who entered the Lower Realm and then returned to the Upper Realm through the Ascension Passage. Am I right?"
Hearing the plain-clothed woman's theory, Luo Zheng's face revealed a stunned expression. He then shook his head. "I'm not from the Upper Realm."
The plain-clothed woman pursed her lips. She knew that Luo Zheng wouldn't tell the truth, so she smiled calmly. "If you're really an Ascender, you'll definitely be put in an important position in the future!"
Luo Zheng's eyes were still calm as he looked at the Ascension Wells in the distance.
The plain-clothed woman saw that Luo Zheng didn't speak, so she continued, "Actually, one of my uncles is the City Lord of Dian Cang City in the Lingwu Holy Land. After I finish my service, I can seek refuge with him. If you have nowhere else to go, you can come with me."
Hearing the plain-clothed woman's words, Luo Zheng glanced at her indifferently. Previously, in the Ascension Well, this woman didn't even know if this was a world ruled by the Human Clan. It seemed like she was pretending not to know. The City Lord of Dian Cang City, Luo Zheng, didn't know how strong he was.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't decided on his own path yet. He was still leaning towards becoming an independent cultivator. As for joining the Lingwu Holy Land, he wasn't very interested, let alone following this woman to Dian Cang City.
He planned to leave the Lingwu Holy Land as soon as he finished his service.
However, Luo Zheng didn't expect that he had thought of things too simply.
The Psychic World was a big world that was relatively remote among the Human Clan. There were a total of three forces that ruled the Psychic World. They were the Lingwu Holy Land, the Tidal Holy Land, and the Psychic Holy Land.
In addition, there were countless Holy Lands and Holy Kingdoms in the big world.
Ninth Grade, Eighth Grade, Seventh Grade, Sixth Grade … There were all kinds of Holy Lands and Holy Kingdoms. As for Fifth Grade, Fourth Grade, Third Grade, and Second Grade Sects, they were as numerous as the hairs on a cow.
The Lingwu Holy Land and the Tidal Holy Land belonged to the weaker ranks among the Tenth Grade Holy Lands. As for the Psychic Holy Land, since it dared to use the word "psychic" in its name, and this world was called the Psychic World, it was naturally the core of the Psychic World!
Regardless of how big a big world was, just the area occupied by the Lingwu Holy Land was so big that Luo Zheng couldn't imagine it!
With Luo Zheng's current flying speed, it would take him at least three years to leave the Lingwu Holy Land.
This was also the reason why Gu Pei Er of the Demi-Immortal Clan said that the Holy Kingdom Continent wasn't as big as her back garden. The big world was so big that it was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
As for the Dian Cang City that the plain-clothed woman mentioned, it was a relatively important city in the Lingwu Holy Land. Her uncle was also an Ascender from the Lower Realm like her. To be able to rise to the position of city lord, he was considered a top figure in the Lingwu Holy Land. Under such an invitation, she fancied Luo Zheng's talent. In the future, when she went to Dian Cang City, she would recommend him to her uncle.
However, she didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so arrogant, as if his ambition wasn't here. Naturally, she wouldn't mention it again.
After the plain-clothed woman left the Ascension Well, more and more warriors gradually adapted to the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. After leaving one by one, they entered the pavilion with shackles.
These Divine Sea Realm warriors were all arrogant. How could they be willing to be shackled and controlled by others? It was inevitable that they would clash with the armored warriors. However, the armored warriors were merciless. They warned these guys that no matter how glorious they were in the Lower Realm, since they had chosen to ascend, they had to endure!
"In the Lower Realm, you may be able to decide the life and death of millions of people with a single word, and you are above countless people. However, in the Upper Realm, you are nothing!" One of the armored soldiers roared at the many Divine Sea Realm Almighties.
During this process, two Divine Sea Realm warriors even fought with the armored soldiers. The result was predictable. The price the two Divine Sea Realm warriors paid was stricter supervision. They were shackled with two shackles that were twice the size of normal shackles. What's more, the shackles could be classified as Divine Artifacts. As for the divine runes on the shackles, they were naturally more powerful. In addition, there were two huge black iron balls hanging below the shackles of the two Divine Sea Realm warriors.
They didn't know what kind of iron balls these were. Even the Divine Sea Realm warriors found it difficult to drag these iron balls. It was likely that it would be difficult for them to even fly while carrying these iron balls.
After another three days, all the Divine Sea Realm warriors left the Ascension Well. These Divine Sea Realm warriors stayed in the pavilion with Luo Zheng.
After the armored warriors did a headcount, they recorded the names of all the warriors. Then, they escorted them to a Transmission Array.
The big world was too big. Even Divine Ocean Realm or Extreme God Realm Almighties had to use the Teleportation Channel to travel. Otherwise, the distance between two big cities would be hundreds of millions of miles. It would take them at least a year and a half to get there …