Before entering the teleportation formation, Luo Zheng had noticed that the divine markings on the teleportation formation were extremely special.
The teleportation formations in the Central Domain were all constructed from talismans and powered by True Origin Stones. The principle behind it was actually very simple. It was to use the talismans to expand a teleportation path, and then connect it with a teleportation formation in another place. Through the teleportation path, the distance between two places could be shortened. So, it would take an ordinary cultivator a few days to fly from Revelation City to Ocean of Clouds City, but it would only take less than the time for an incense stick to burn through the teleportation path.
However, the structure of the teleportation formation before him was completely different. Even though the divine markings were extremely unfamiliar to Luo Zheng, he was able to roughly analyze their uses.
Not only did the teleportation formation expand a teleportation path, but it also seemed to be connected to something. As for what it was, Luo Zheng really couldn't guess.
After the armored guard activated the teleportation formation, all the ascenders entered in a single file. Under the flickering white light, they entered the Ascension Path.
When they just entered the Ascension Path, there was nothing unusual. It looked almost the same as the teleportation paths in the lower realms. The entire teleportation path was azure blue.
Not long after, they passed through the azure blue teleportation path, and suddenly, an enormous teleportation path appeared before them!
"This teleportation path is actually so stable!" After seeing the teleportation path, Luo Zheng sighed with emotion.
The enormous teleportation path was light purple in color. Ordinary teleportation paths were only around 30 meters wide, but this enormous teleportation path was actually over 300 meters wide!
What surprised Luo Zheng the most was that this enormous teleportation path was far more stable than ordinary teleportation paths. The surrounding space seemed to have solidified, and it would probably not be easy for anyone to break open this teleportation path ….
However, as soon as they entered, they saw two cultivators flying over from the side of the teleportation path.
The two cultivators sized up the ascenders, and one of them chuckled and said, "The harvest this time is huge. I'm afraid there are over 1,000 ascenders?"
The armored guard who escorted Luo Zheng said, "What's the use of that? The exam is at hand. How can our Spirit Martial Holy Land count on these dirty ascenders from the lower realms?" As he spoke, the soldier took out thousands of top-grade True Origin Stones from his Sumeru Ring and said, "This time, the number of people using this transmission channel has reached a thousand. Can you give me a discount?"
That person counted the True Origin Stones and smiled faintly. He then picked out over a hundred True Origin Stones from the pile and returned them to the soldier. "There's no need to mention discounts. In any case, it's your Spirit Martial Holy Land that's paying for it …"
After the armored soldier received the returned True Origin Stones, he distributed a few to each of the other armored soldiers present. Clearly, he had pocketed them for himself.
After that, the soldier shouted at the ascenders, "Alright, everyone, follow behind me. Let's set off!"
When the ascenders heard the armored soldier's words, although they were dissatisfied, they did not act rashly in the end. They all followed behind the armored soldiers and continued to advance through the enormous teleportation channel.
"Where did this light purple portal come from? There's a fee? "Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't ask the armored soldiers, so he asked Azure Dragon.
Qinglong smiled faintly and replied, "This kind of large-scale teleportation channel is the Great World Channel! If you want to open a Great World Channel, you have to be at least a Realm Lord. "
"Great World Channel?"
"Yes, a Great World is too vast. For example, the small portal in the Central Domain can only be built for a distance of a hundred thousand miles at most. If it's too far, it's very difficult to stabilize," Qinglong said faintly.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Just like the super portal that Daoist Tian Miao built from the Central Domain to the Sea God Continent, because the distance was too far, the portal was very unstable. When Luo Zheng went from the Central Domain to the Sea God Continent, he encountered a violent spatial storm and almost lost his life. Even when he returned from the Sea God Continent, Luo Zheng's cultivation had improved steadily, but he still suffered heavy injuries.
The size and depth of a Great World were far beyond the imagination of the lower world. If a Divine Sea Realm cultivator wanted to cross a Great World, it would take hundreds of years, not one or two years!
However, there were countless capable people in the Upper World. Almost every Great World had opened a Great World Channel that could connect to each other. There were even some inter-realm channels, so the distance of transmission was even more ridiculous.
It took a lot of time and effort to build these portals, and it wasn't easy to maintain them. Therefore, to use these portals, one had to pay, and the price wasn't cheap. One person's head was one top-grade True Origin Stone, and the transmission was only a short distance, about two to three million miles. If it crossed an entire Great World, the cost of the portal would reach tens of thousands of top-grade True Origin Stones.
As for the cost of crossing an entire Great World, it would be one million top-grade True Origin Stones …
Luo Zheng was quite rich. When he was mining in the four Divine Kingdoms, he had exchanged a lot of top-grade True Origin Stones. However, now Luo Zheng realized that all his wealth added together couldn't even afford to cross an entire Great World Channel.
While sighing, Luo Zheng followed the crowd and flew through the giant portal.
An hour later, the soldiers in front suddenly stopped and left through a side tunnel. Everyone returned to the ordinary teleportation channel. Soon after, everyone left the teleportation channel and a black and steep mountain range appeared in front of them!
"This is …" Seeing the black mountain, an ascender asked.
Hearing his words, a soldier snorted and said, "This is the place where you serve. According to the Spiritual Martial Holy Land's rules, if you want to join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, you have to dig out 100 Zhen Yuanyu here!"
"Zhen Yuanyu?"
"What's that?"
The soldier smiled faintly and said, "I know you don't know what Zhen Yuanyu is. The mountain range in front of you is a True Origin Stone mine. There are all kinds of True Origin Stones, including low-grade, high-grade, and top-grade. Of course, there are also Zhen Yuanyu. If you can't dig out any Zhen Yuanyu, it's fine. One Zhen Yuanyu can be exchanged for 10,000 top-grade True Origin Stones, so it's fine if you can dig out a million top-grade True Origin Stones!"
Hearing the soldier's explanation, the crowd immediately understood.
The best True Origin Stones in the Lower Realm were only top-grade. They didn't expect that there were purer True Origin Stones in the Upper Realm, which were Zhen Yuanyu.
However, after hearing that there were a million top-grade True Origin Stones, the crowd burst into an uproar. Wasn't this a little too much?
These Ascenders were all top-notch existences in the Lower Realm, and each of them possessed a considerable amount of wealth. However, when they ascended to the Upper Realm, they would probably only have a few tens of thousands of top-grade True Origin Stones with them. Some would probably only have a few hundred top-grade True Origin Stones with them.
Moreover, a million top-grade True Origin Stones was definitely not a small sum for any Divine Sea Realm martial artist.
The four Divine Kingdoms were relatively wealthy, but there were only 200,000 top-grade True Origin Stones in the treasury. Therefore, when they heard that they had to pay a million top-grade True Origin Stones to join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, the Ascenders immediately burst into an uproar.
"A million …"
"How long are we going to dig?"
"We won't waste hundreds of years here, right?"
An Ascender said, "I don't want to join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. I only want to be an independent martial artist!"
The soldier smiled and said, "You want to be an independent martial artist? Fine, then pay 200 Zhen Yuanyu! "
200 Zhen Yuanyu … That was two million top-grade True Origin Stones!
"This, this, this … Based on what!" The Ascender said angrily.
The soldier smiled faintly and said, "Based on nothing. Based on the fact that we are the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, based on the fact that you have ascended to the Spiritual Martial Holy Land!"
This tone was too familiar. The Divine Sea Realm martial artists suddenly fell silent. They had cultivated all the way to the Divine Sea Realm in the Lower Realm. How could they not understand this logic?
Under any circumstances, the question "why?" was very weak, and the answer was already clear. They relied on their own fists. Among the Spirit Sea Realm warriors present, which one of them could go against a Holy Land as big as the Upper Realm?
Seeing the depressed expressions of the Ascenders, the soldier said faintly, "Be mentally prepared. Hurry up and work. Our Spiritual Martial Holy Land is considered good. The other tenth-rank Holy Lands are even harsher!"
＝＝＝＝＝