Everyone was silent for a while. Although they were all in the Divine Sea Realm, they had no choice but to lower their heads in the other party's territory.
However, at this moment, an ascender walked out and asked, "Can one million top-grade True Origin Stones exempt me from military service?"
The soldier replied, "It's not exempt from military service. The original meaning of military service is to let you dig for True Origin Stones! If you can pay enough True Origin Stones, you can leave at any time! "
Unexpectedly, as soon as the soldier finished speaking, the ascender took off a Sumeru Ring from his finger and gently tipped it over. A small mountain of True Origin Stones appeared in front of everyone's eyes!
These True Origin Stones were crystal clear and pure. The Heaven and Earth Origin Qi contained in them was also abnormally abundant. They were all top-grade True Origin Stones!
Although many ascenders were used to seeing big scenes, their hearts still thumped when they saw the small mountain of top-grade True Origin Stones in front of them.
"Here are one million top-grade True Origin Stones. Can you let me leave?" the ascender asked.
The soldier nodded, but then shook his head. "If you join the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, one million top-grade True Origin Stones will naturally be enough. However, if you want to become an independent warrior and leave the Spiritual Martial Holy Land or even the Spiritual World, you will need two million!"
The ascender frowned slightly and took out another Sumeru Ring. He gently waved it, and another small mountain of top-grade True Origin Stones appeared in front of everyone!
"Damn, this guy … is so rich!"
"Two million top-grade True Origin Stones in one go? Isn't this too exaggerated?"
"Some Great Thousand Worlds are indeed very rich. It is said that in the Great Thousand World next to mine, there is a huge True Origin Stone mine that runs through the entire Great Thousand World. The True Origin Stones there can't be compared because there are too many of them. They are worthless!"
With so many top grade True Essence Stones placed here, the soldier had nothing else to say. But, he never imagined that this ascender would quickly take out two mountains of True Essence Stones from his spatial ring and point at the other ascender behind him, saying, "Besides me, there is also my little brother. He also wants to go with me."
Seeing the four piles of top-grade True Origin Stones, the armored soldier picked one up and chuckled, "Of course there's no problem! This great world is vast, you can go wherever you want! "
The two ascenders nodded and left under the guidance of the other soldiers.
As the remaining people looked at the backs of the two ascenders, besides envy, they could only sigh in their hearts. Some ascenders weren't bad at all, but after ascending to the Higher Realms, who would bring so many top grade true essence stones with them for no reason?
Luo Zheng also shook his head slightly. When he was in the four Divine Kingdoms, he had collected a lot of top-grade True Meta Stones, but he had left a considerable part of them in the Cloud Hall. When he ascended this time, he had brought nearly 200,000 top-grade True Meta Stones with him. Now, it seemed that the gap was still very large.
Luo Zheng had many valuable things on him, such as the Black Star Pickaxe. This supreme artifact was not cheap. Not to mention a million, even if it was a hundred million top-grade True Meta Stones, no one would be willing to sell it.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't sell it. Since he didn't have enough True Meta Stones, he would obediently mine …
The Zhen Yuanyu mentioned by the armored soldier just now had attracted Luo Zheng's interest. He only needed a hundred Zhen Yuanyu. Would he be able to dig up Zhen Yuanyu in this pitch-black mountain range in front of him?
The remaining people were led by the armored soldiers to a settlement. Around the settlement, there were several Ultimate Divine Stage experts standing guard.
In front of the settlement, there were many cultivators flying back with pickaxes. After they took out the True Meta Stones they had dug up and handed them over, they recorded the number of True Meta Stones and flew back again. Just like this, they went back and forth, digging for True Meta Stones in the mine …
After the ascenders entered the settlement, they received their respective pickaxes and nameplates according to the rules.
Although everyone was unwilling, they still had a certain fantasy in their hearts. They had the same idea as Luo Zheng. Since the Zhen Yuanyu only needed a hundred True Meta Stones, they would just dig up a hundred Zhen Yuanyu …
Coincidentally, there were more than a hundred people outside who returned to the settlement at the same time. These people took out the True Meta Stones they had dug up.
However, when Luo Zheng saw those True Meta Stones, he frowned slightly. Although there were many True Meta Stones, their quality wasn't high. They were mostly high-grade True Meta Stones and a small number of top-grade True Meta Stones. There were even a large number of middle-grade True Meta Stones. Where was the Zhen Yuanyu?
Luo Zheng walked forward and asked, "Friend, may I know why you want to dig up high-grade and middle-grade True Meta Stones? Isn't it too laborious to dig up these low-grade True Meta Stones? "
Everyone's goal was a hundred Zhen Yuanyu, which could be exchanged for one million top-grade True Meta Stones. If it was exchanged for high-grade True Meta Stones, it would be an astronomical figure. After all, one top-grade True Meta Stone could be exchanged for one hundred high-grade True Meta Stones. In other words, it was a hundred million high-grade True Meta Stones. In other words, it wasn't very useful to dig up these things …
The ascenders who came with Luo Zheng were also concerned about this problem. They all cast their gazes over.
Unexpectedly, the cultivator shook his head and revealed a wry smile. "If we don't dig up these things, what should we dig up?" he said as he sized up Luo Zheng. "You are the new ascenders, aren't you?"
Luo Zheng and the other ascenders nodded at the same time.
The cultivator sighed and said, "I guess you want to dig up that Zhen Yuanyu, right? Hehe … "
"What? Is it not possible? "Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"It's possible." The cultivator laughed. "When I first ascended, I also wanted to dig up Zhen Yuanyu so that I could leave this place as soon as possible. However, if you want to dig up Zhen Yuanyu, you have to be prepared to lose your life."
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked immediately.
The cultivator pointed to the mountain range in the distance and said, "If you want to dig up Zhen Yuanyu, you have to sink into the depths of the mineral vein. There are ferocious beasts from level 11 to level 12 there. How can ordinary people dare to dig up Zhen Yuanyu? The Spirit Sea Realm cultivators cultivated by the Spirit Martial Holy Land are unwilling to take the risk to dig up Zhen Yuanyu. However, weak cultivators can't dig up Zhen Yuanyu at all. Naturally, they expect us to risk our lives for them … However, no one's life is for free. I would rather dig up ordinary True Meta Stones and waste my time here than dig up Zhen Yuanyu! "
Hearing the cultivator's words, many ascenders suddenly understood.
It turned out that Zhen Yuanyu was not so easy to dig up …
The Spirit Sea Realm cultivators who ascended might not be worth mentioning in the big world, but after all, they had ready-made strength.
Mining was originally done by some weak cultivators. It was the same in the Mortal World. Some Xiantian Realm cultivators and Divine Reflection Realm cultivators were the ones who dug up Zhen Yuanyu. The problem was that low-level cultivators couldn't dig up Zhen Yuanyu, and the native Spirit Sea Realm cultivators were unwilling to do it. Therefore, it was natural to use the ascenders to do it.
However, most of the ascenders cherished their lives. How could they be willing to risk their lives to dig up Zhen Yuanyu?
Anyway, the lifespan of a Spirit Sea Realm cultivator was long. At worst, they could spend 30 to 50 years or even 100 years to dig up Zhen Yuanyu. In the end, they could gather enough Zhen Yuanyu.
The group of ascenders who came with Luo Zheng also planned to dig up Zhen Yuanyu. However, when they heard this, they immediately dismissed the idea. It was safer to dig up Zhen Yuanyu.
The other ascenders also left one after another. The earlier they dug, the earlier they could leave. No one wanted to stay in this place forever …
As for the plain-clothed woman, she was holding a pickaxe in her hand. Her expression was not very good. She wanted to wait for her uncle to come and pick her up. However, she didn't expect that there would be no news from him until now. She had to dig up Zhen Yuanyu like the others. Naturally, she was very depressed.
Luo Zheng sized up the mountain range. After putting away his nameplate and pickaxe, he flew towards the mountain range.