After ascending, he was treated as a miner. Of course, he was unhappy, but Luo Zheng didn't have any resentment.
If he had asked Yun Luo to extradite him or leave with the Sky Immortal Clan, he wouldn't have been treated like this.
However, both of them wanted him to ascend freely. Hence, the things that were in front of him were his paths. He had no other choice but to continue moving forward.
After Luo Zheng flew for a while, he found that the plain-clothed woman was following him.
Luo Zheng stopped, turned around, and asked, "Why are you following me?"
The plain-clothed woman smiled faintly, "Nothing! I just feel that if I dig with you, my luck will be better. "
"You didn't ask me if I agree or not," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's words made the plain-clothed woman slightly stunned.
Actually, for a Life and Death Realm warrior to talk to a Spirit Sea Realm warrior in such a way was a bit unbelievable in the eyes of others. Logically speaking, this Life and Death Realm warrior should be eager to climb up to other Spirit Sea Realm warriors. However, the situation was reversed right now.
The plain-clothed woman smiled, "So, do you agree?"
Luo Zheng shrugged, "As you wish."
"En! My name is Mu Mingxue. What about you? "The plain-clothed woman took the initiative to tell him her name.
"Luo Zheng."
After telling her his name, Luo Zheng didn't linger and flew toward the mountain range.
Mu Mingxue stared at Luo Zheng's back in a daze. A helpless smile appeared on her delicate face. A Life and Death Realm kid was so arrogant. This kid seemed to have some skills. No matter what, she instinctively felt that Luo Zheng was very special. If she followed this guy, her luck wouldn't be bad.
"Swoosh …"
Along the way, many cultivators entered the mountain range, and many cultivators returned from the mountain range with a bountiful harvest. Of course, there were also some cultivators who never returned, becoming lifeless corpses in the mine.
This mountain range had a total of hundreds of enormous mountains, each of which was covered with mines of various sizes. These mines were also excavated by the previous generations.
Previously, Luo Zheng had collected some information and had a rough idea of the distribution of True Essence Stones.
In the upper layer of this mountain range, there were large amounts of low-grade True Meta Stones. If placed in the Lower World or the Central Domain, it would definitely be considered a rich mine.
However, among the Divine Sea Realm powerhouses present, which one of them would place low-grade True Essence Stones in their eyes? Moreover, if low-grade true essence stones could be exchanged for 100 Zhen Yuanyu, then that should be one trillion … this number was simply too shocking. Low-grade true essence stones were easy to dig out, but who knew how long it would take to dig out such a large number?
In the middle layer of this vein, there were middle grade True Essence Stones, and in the lower layer, there were top grade True Essence Stones. At the bottom layer, one could excavate Zhen Yuanyu.
However, the danger of each layer was different. For the Divine Sea Realm powerhouses, the upper layer and the middle layer were almost safe, but the lower layer and the bottom layer were different.
After Luo Zheng randomly chose a mine, he flew down along the winding tunnel. The walls of the cave were full of excavation marks. This place must have been excavated countless times, so he naturally wouldn't waste his time here. As for Mu Mingxue, she followed closely behind Luo Zheng. She was getting more and more curious. Where was Luo Zheng going? Could it be that he wanted to go straight to the bottom layer?
In the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, Luo Zheng had entered the depths of the mine. He was several thousand feet away from the entrance. This was already the bottom layer of the mine. Logically speaking, Luo Zheng had a certain probability of excavating top grade True Essence Stones.
The surroundings were quiet. Occasionally, the sound of water dripping could be heard. In this dark mine, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all.
However, just as Luo Zheng was flying, several black shadows gently flapped their wings at the top of the cave. Then, they silently followed behind Luo Zheng. Under the cover of the darkness, they went straight for Luo Zheng.
It was unknown what cultivation method Mu Mingxue had cultivated, but her perception was extremely sharp. Those black shadows didn't emit any aura, but she still easily sensed them.
"Luo Zheng, be careful!"
Unexpectedly, just as she opened her mouth and was about to attack, Luo Zheng didn't even turn his head. A sharp sword suddenly appeared in his hand. As if it had eyes on its back, with a casual slash, the sharp sword disappeared from his hand. From the beginning to the end, Luo Zheng didn't stop at all.
"It's just some level 10 vicious beasts …" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Mu Mingxue, who was following behind Luo Zheng, once again revealed a helpless smile. Level 10 vicious beasts were equivalent to the Life and Death Realm of humans. This Luo Zheng was only at the Life and Death Realm, yet he spoke like this. It was as if he didn't regard himself as a Life and Death Realm expert.
But then again, the sword attack Luo Zheng had just displayed had indeed surprised Mu Mingxue. She was born in a famous sect, and had seen many experts in the lower realms. However, she had never heard of someone who could slash out such a sharp and strange arc with a sword. This guy's strength was far from being as simple as it seemed from his cultivation base!
Mu Mingxue had already come to this conclusion in her heart.
As they continued forward, the surrounding environment also began to change. Originally, these caves were made of brown rock walls, but now, the surrounding rock walls began to become crystal clear. These rock walls were made of pure quartz.
There were also some other ores embedded in these quartz rocks. Some of these ores emitted a faint luster. Under the illumination of these lights, the environment below was no longer as oppressive.
"This place is quite beautiful …" Mu Mingxue looked around and said in a low voice.
"However, the top grade true origin stones have all been dug out." Luo Zheng pointed at a chiseled mark on the cave wall. The other ores didn't have much attraction to ascenders, but the top grade true origin stones were all dug out without a single exception …
Top grade true origin stones were formed by gathering heaven and earth origin energy. However, it took a long time for them to form. After so many years of excavation, the number of top grade true origin stones in this mine was probably decreasing.
At the very least, for someone like Luo Zheng, finding a top grade true origin stone and digging it out completely depended on luck.
Mu Mingxue suddenly looked around and found a top grade true origin stone not far away. "My luck isn't bad. I found one here!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He didn't move and allowed Mu Mingxue to dig. Although it was said that digging out true origin stones was a small matter, Luo Zheng really didn't care about one or two pieces.
However, when Mu Mingxue walked over, her face suddenly revealed a surprised expression. "It's not just one piece. There's actually a cluster here. It seems to be a cluster of top grade true origin stones!"
When Luo Zheng walked closer to take a look, sure enough, from this tricky angle, along the translucent wall formed by quartz, there was a cluster of top grade true origin stones. This cluster of top grade true origin stones was probably hundreds of them.
"See, I told you. My hunch has always been very accurate. Following you will be very lucky," Mu Mingxue said with a smile. "We'll each take half!"
Luo Zheng nodded noncommittally.
In fact, Mu Mingxue's hunch was correct. Just like when he was in the Central Domain, she already had a conclusion about his luck.
For a warrior like Cui Xie, his luck was indeed very strong, but he would devour the luck of the people around him to strengthen himself. In other words, for people like Cui Xie, such as Si Miaoling, such as Wu Zhanhe … their luck was devoured by Cui Xie, and the final result was that they died at the hands of Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's own luck could spread to the people around him, such as Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and even the fat man from the World Business Alliance …
Mu Mingxue's hunch originated from this. She was very sensitive to other people's luck. However, this kind of unclear thing could only be described as a hunch.