Although Luo Zheng didn't care about a few hundred top grade True Origin Stones, Mu Mingxue still divided them into five and gave them to Luo Zheng.
After collecting the top grade True Origin Stones, the two continued to descend. However, they didn't walk far before reaching the end of the tunnel.
This tunnel was originally excavated by the predecessors. After reaching the bottom of the mine, they didn't continue to dig any deeper.
Mu Mingxue looked around but didn't find any top grade True Origin Stones. Her beautiful eyes stared at Luo Zheng as if she wanted Luo Zheng to make the decision.
"What should we do? Should we change to another tunnel or dig horizontally? "Mu Mingxue asked.
Luo Zheng pointed downwards and said, "Downwards!"
"Downwards? You want to go to the bottom? "Mu Mingxue's eyes flashed.
If they dug horizontally, although it would be a little troublesome, they would still be able to collect a lot of top grade True Origin Stones. With their cultivation and strength, even if they casually dug at the bottom, it wouldn't be too dangerous even if the tunnel collapsed. However, if they continued to dig, they would be digging Zhen Yuanyu.
Didn't she hear it from others before? There were grade 11 and even grade 12 Vicious Beasts in the bottom. Grade 11 Vicious Beasts were still manageable as Mu Mingxue had the confidence to deal with them. However, grade 12 Vicious Beasts were existences at the Extreme Divine Stage. If they were unlucky and bumped into them, they would probably die!
This Life and Death Realm guy was extraordinarily confident!
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He didn't need this girl to follow him. If she didn't want to, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't force her. In fact, it was easier for him to dig alone. Having an extra person would always tie his hands and feet.
After taking two steps forward, he chose an ordinary spot and gently gestured with his fist. The power of two thousand dragon scales gathered on his right fist, and this fist heavily smashed towards the ground.
"Boom!"
With Luo Zheng as the center, countless cracks appeared around his fist. Those cracks quickly exploded under Luo Zheng's feet.
"Crackle, crackle …"
Seeing this fist, Mu Mingxue's brows suddenly twitched. This guy's strength was extraordinary. Moreover, looking at him, he didn't even use his full strength. Even so, his pure physical strength was probably much stronger than her, a Divine Sea Realm warrior. Was he really only at the Life and Death Realm?
The second fist …
"Boom!"
The ground that already had countless cracks suddenly shattered into countless tiny fragments, and a huge pit that was seven to eight feet deep appeared under Luo Zheng's feet!
Standing in the middle of the pit, Luo Zheng continued to smash downwards. He wanted to forcefully smash a path.....
Mu Mingxue's lips twitched as she watched this scene. She was a little hesitant. Should she leave this place and search for supreme-grade True Origin Stones, or should she follow Luo Zheng?
At this time, Mu Mingxue still chose to follow her intuition. She felt that following Luo Zheng would greatly shorten her time in the military service …
"Rumble, rumble, rumble …"
With a series of loud noises, Luo Zheng's position was constantly falling.
Seventy feet …
Ten feet …
Twenty feet …
Fifty feet …
One hundred feet …
Mu Mingxue naturally didn't rest. She was looking for top-grade True Origin Stones on the walls of the pit. She really found dozens of them.
Just like that, the huge pit extended all the way down for a full two thousand feet. Luo Zheng smashed his fist down again, directly smashing through the bottom! He directly fell into a cave.
Before Luo Zheng fell to the bottom, the chaotic energy in his body suddenly circulated. His figure steadily floated in the air. The debris that fell with Luo Zheng sprinkled down.
"It's through! Is this the bottom? "Mu Mingxue also followed Luo Zheng into the cave below.
The caves in front of them weren't man-made. They were naturally formed. This was the bottom of the mine …
They had to be even more careful at the bottom of the mine. The majority of ascenders didn't dare to enter here. There must be a reason for that.
They were already tens of thousands of feet away from the top of the mountain. For thousands of years, after the mine was formed, this place had never been exposed to sunlight. In the surrounding caves of various sizes, there were occasional gusts of cold wind blowing. The two of them also became cautious.
However, just as the two of them scanned their surroundings, a voice startled them.
"Still Water Celestial Venerable! You bastard, you only know how to hide. If you have the guts, come to Autumn Mountain Boundary and fight me to the death! Otherwise, I'll scold you like this once a month! "
This voice resounded clearly in the ears of Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue. Both of them were stunned.
"That should be a Roaring Token …" Mu Mingxue immediately said. Although she was also an Ascender, she knew more about the Upper Realm than the average cultivator. Naturally, she felt that Luo Zheng didn't know anything about it, so she explained, "It is said that this Roaring Token is extremely expensive. A single Roaring Token is probably worth tens of millions of True Origin Jade. Even the Great Realm Masters of Great Realms wouldn't use it easily. The person who used this Roaring Token is probably a Heavenly Venerate powerhouse. His cursing words have probably spread throughout all the Great Realms.
One hundred Zhen Yuanyu could redeem an ascender's freedom. Tens of millions of Zhen Yuanyu was definitely an astronomical figure. It was a huge sum even for a tenth-rank Holy Land.
Mu Mingxue originally thought that Luo Zheng would be shocked. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to just nod.
She didn't know that Luo Zheng already bore a grudge against this guy who had just scolded him.
Luo Zheng had obtained a Roaring Token from the Palace Lord. Moreover, it was an unlimited Roaring Token!
Now that Luo Zheng was busy mining, he couldn't be bothered to pay attention to this guy. However, this guy had given him a big fright. When he had time, he would definitely use the Roaring Token to scold him. Even a Heavenly Venerable wouldn't be able to find him …
Fortunately, this Roaring Token was an extremely precious item to a Heavenly Venerable. After this sound reverberated throughout the universe, it didn't continue.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that the martial artist who had just used the Roaring Token was the world-shaking Heavenly Venerable Ling Huo. The conflict between him and Heavenly Venerable Ling Huo had already reached the point where everyone knew about it. Every living being in the universe, from a toddler learning how to walk to an old man, knew that there was a life and death enmity between these two great figures.
This was the effect of the Roaring Token …
Heavenly Venerable Ling Huo would use the Roaring Token every month. Now that the number of Howling Celestial Tapirs was dwindling, the Roaring Tokens were becoming harder and harder to obtain. Even as a Heavenly Venerable, he had no choice but to use them sparingly.
Even if it was once a month, it was still very, very extravagant!
For example, a tenth-grade Holy Land like the Spiritual Item Holy Land managed nearly one-twentieth of the area of a Great Realm. Ten years of harvest could be exchanged for half a Roaring Token. What was even more frightening was that the Roaring Tokens were priceless!
But this time, Luo Zheng's interest was piqued when he heard the Celestial Venerate's roar. The Roaring Token in his hand seemed to be quite fun. More importantly, when he found an opportunity, he would use the Roaring Token to find Luo Yan …
Right now, it was better to find Zhen Yuanyu first!
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue traversed through these naturally formed caves at a low speed. This place was not like the upper level. If they were to alarm some level-12 vicious beasts, they could only flee.
After Luo Zheng passed through a cave that was as wide as a person, the front suddenly opened up. At the same time, Luo Zheng saw a behemoth crawling in the cave. This behemoth had nine heads, and at this moment, those heads were twisted together and lying on the ground, snoring loudly.
"It's a divine beast, a nine-headed snake, and an adult one!"
"Shh — a level-12 vicious beast, that's an existence comparable to a Divine Realm expert!" Mu Mingxue gestured in Luo Zheng's ear. "Let's go back!" Mu Mingxue looked very vigilant.
However, Luo Zheng's hand pointed in the distance, "Look at what that is!"
At the place where the nine-headed snake was sleeping, there was a pile of milky white gems. Even though they were 450 feet away, the two could feel the incomparably pure Qi of Heaven and Earth from it!
"Is that Zhen Yuanyu?" When Mu Mingxue saw the pile of milky white gems, her eyes suddenly jumped. She knew that this level-12 vicious beast's strength was not something she could provoke, but this pile of milky white gems had more than 30 of them!
If she got it, it would be equivalent to completing one-third of the mission. Even if she and Luo Zheng each took half, there would still be more than 10 gems!
Although she was afraid that she could not avoid it, such a great temptation was enough for her to consider the risk.
＝＝＝＝＝