In fact, both of them had never seen Zhen Yuanyu before.
The Lingwu Holy Place did not treat the ascenders well. They set up a barrier in the mine and threw the ascenders inside, leaving them alone. They were no different from prisoners in prison.
Want to go out? Just hand over 100 Zhen Yuanyu. It was no different from robbery.
The only advantage was that it would dispel the ascenders' beautiful vision of the Upper World and make them realize how powerless the Spirit Sea Realm was in the Upper World …
However, judging from the abundant True Core Energies released by those stones, they were most likely Zhen Yuanyu.
However, it would not be easy to take Zhen Yuanyu away from a Level 12 Ferocious Beast.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could fight against a Spirit Sea Realm expert. However, this Level 12 Ferocious Beast was equivalent to a Spirit Sea Realm expert. Moreover, Ferocious Beasts usually had a longer lifespan than humans. Not to mention, the Hydra was a Divine Beast. Luo Zheng had no chance of winning in a head-on battle!
As for Mu Mingxue, she had just broken through to the Spirit Sea Realm. Perhaps she thought she was stronger than Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was not optimistic about her strength at all.
The two of them observed for a while. They looked at the cluster of True Essence Jades and then looked at the sleeping Hydra. They felt very conflicted in their hearts.
They were reluctant to give up. However, taking these Zhen Yuanyu would be risking their lives!
However, at this moment, Mu Mingxue smiled. "I have learned a concealment magic weapon. It can hide more than 90% of one's breath. This Hydra is still sleeping. Let me go!"
Hearing Mu Mingxue's words, Luo Zheng did not say much. It would be better if they could take the Zhen Yuanyu away. The risk was high, but the reward was not small. Therefore, he nodded.
He then saw Mu Mingxue take out a light green gauze dress. The gauze dress was as thin as a cicada's wing. When Mu Mingxue casually put it on, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of surprise.
Indeed, as Mu Mingxue had said, when she was covered by the gauze, the majority of her aura was concealed. Even with Luo Zheng's incomparably sharp perception, if he did not pay attention, it would be difficult for him to detect her existence. Of course, that was when he used his perception to investigate. If he used his eyes, this green luster would be incomparably eye-catching.
However, the purpose of this kind of magic treasure was to hide one's aura. Not to mention that the nine-headed snake was still in a deep sleep. As long as the aura was covered, it was indeed very suitable for the current situation.
Luo Zheng thought to himself, "This magic treasure is probably at the level of a divine weapon."
Mu Mingxue winked at Luo Zheng. After nodding, she walked towards the nine-headed snake.
Although she tried her best to suppress her state of mind, Luo Zheng could still see that she was very nervous. Luo Zheng originally wanted her to give the gauze dress to him so that he could take the Zhen Yuanyu. However, after seeing her take a few steps, he gave up on this idea.
Mu Mingxue's nervousness was inevitable. She was born in a prestigious family. After ascending to the Immortal World, the situation was completely different from what she had imagined!
She originally thought that her own uncle would come and take her away directly. Then, she would join the Spirit Martial Holy Place and continue to cultivate quietly …
However, after ascending to the Immortal World, not only did she not see her uncle, but she also had to take this kind of risk in exchange for her freedom. However, in any case, she was still an almighty of the Divine Sea Realm. As a warrior, she should have the awareness that she should have. She could not be at a loss and cry like those delicate little girls when she encountered such trouble.
This nine-headed snake had been sleeping here for who knew how many years. Ferocious Beasts always slept for a long time. Some Ferocious Beasts usually slept for hundreds or even thousands of years before they advanced. Snakes had the habit of hibernating.
This thing would not wake up …
Mu Mingxue kept comforting herself in her heart. At the same time, she took light steps and approached the Zhen Yuanyu.
With her cultivation, she could almost control every meridian and muscle in her body in perfect harmony. Therefore, from beginning to end, she was like a nimble kitten as she walked towards the snake!
At this moment, in the universe, another voice spread out.
"Hehe, Celestial Lord Ling Huo, I am not hiding from you. After I finish cultivating this Return to Origin Doppelganger, you can obediently wait for your death in Autumn Mountain Boundary!"
This thunderous voice passed through 100,000 big boundaries and floated in the universe. No matter if it was in the depths of the earth or in the depths of the sea, this voice could still be clearly transmitted. Moreover, every person, every living thing, could hear this voice. Not a single corner was missed …
The Roaring Command was so domineering …
Luo Zheng could hear it. Mu Mingxue could hear it. Naturally, the sleeping nine-headed snake could also hear it.
"Huff …"
However, this nine-headed snake had been sleeping for who knew how many years, so it did not wake up. Only one of its heads rolled, spitting out its tongue and making a sound. Then, it fell back into a deep sleep.
Mu Mingxue, who was originally in a state of extreme nervousness, suddenly heard the sound in her ear. Her heartbeat sped up by more than two times. When she saw one of the nine-headed snake's heads roll, her body trembled. Her originally nimble steps were suddenly messed up. Her foot stepped on a palm-sized stone. As the stone rolled, it made a "peng peng peng" sound.
This sound echoed in the cave, clearly entering one's ears.
Mu Mingxue froze in place. Luo Zheng also did not move. At this moment, the two of them even stopped breathing.
"Huff huff …"
When two of the snake heads heard this sound, they slightly raised their heads, as if they were listening to the source of the sound. Fortunately, they did not open their eyes. Probably because they were extremely sleepy, they once again lowered their heads.
At this moment, Mu Mingxue felt that she was going to die. However, after seeing the nine-headed snake's reaction, she let out a deep breath. She turned her head and smiled at Luo Zheng. Then, she continued to walk towards the Zhen Yuanyu …
When Mu Mingxue successfully approached the Zhen Yuanyu, her eyes emitted a ray of light.
She casually glanced at it and calculated the number of Zhen Yuanyu. There were a total of thirty-nine of them! She did not know what these Zhen Yuanyu were. Obviously, they were a kind of ore, but they grew here like a plant. Each Zhen Yuanyu was like a "fruit" of this plant.
Mu Mingxue reached out to pluck the fruits one by one.
However, when she reached out to grab the Zhen Yuanyu and pulled, her expression changed. She actually could not pull it off!
Luo Zheng, who was observing from a distance, also frowned slightly. Mu Mingxue was an almighty Divine Sea Realm expert. Even though she was only a woman, her strength was not weak. Could she not pull it off?
Mu Mingxue gently exerted her strength. This time, she used thirty percent of her strength. However, the Zhen Yuanyu in her hand still did not move. The same was true for the milky white branch. It was as if it was cast from iron. It was fixed in place and did not even sway.
Even an iron tree could not withstand Mu Mingxue's pull. It seemed that it would not be easy to take away this Zhen Yuanyu.
Mu Mingxue once again took a deep breath. This time, she used sixty percent of her strength. However, the Zhen Yuanyu still did not move …
Ninety percent …
Mu Mingxue's face had already turned red. However, the Zhen Yuanyu was still firmly hanging on the branch.
At this moment, Mu Mingxue understood that with her strength, she would not be able to take it off.
She turned her head and looked at Luo Zheng helplessly. She could only give up for now and return to Luo Zheng's side.
"I can't take it off …" Mu Mingxue's face revealed a trace of anger. She was about to succeed, but she realized that she could not take away the Zhen Yuanyu. Naturally, she felt depressed.
This was all the Lingwu Holy Land's fault. Generally speaking, when the Lingwu Holy Land was short of Zhen Yuanyu, they would send some Divine Realm experts to the various mines in the Holy Land to dig for Zhen Yuanyu. Usually, because of the abundant reserves, these Divine Realm experts were too lazy to take action. Firstly, it was too time-consuming. Secondly, there was a certain amount of risk.
If they wanted to take the Zhen Yuanyu, they would usually be equipped with a tool for digging Zhen Yuanyu. That tool was at least a Divine Weapon!