Luo Zheng had a panoramic view of this scene just now, so he had a rough idea of what was going on.
However, just because Mu Mingxue couldn't take it off didn't mean that Luo Zheng couldn't.
At this time, Mu Mingxue's face revealed a resentful expression. She immediately said, "Let's go. If we alarm that guy, we'll go for wool and come home shorn …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand towards Mu Mingxue. "Give it to me!"
"Give what?" Mu Mingxue asked curiously.
"Lend me your gauze dress," Luo Zheng replied.
"You want to take the Zhen Yuanyu?" Mu Mingxue finally reacted.
Luo Zheng nodded. However, Mu Mingxue's face was full of doubt. Her cultivation was one stage higher than Luo Zheng's, but even she didn't have a good method. Could it be that Luo Zheng had a way?
"Don't worry, I can take it off," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
Although Mu Mingxue didn't believe it in her heart, seeing Luo Zheng's deep affection, she inexplicably felt a trace of trust in him. She felt that this guy would definitely succeed if he set out.
Mu Mingxue was indeed unwilling to come to the lowest level without taking the Zhen Yuanyu away. Since Luo Zheng wanted to try, she had no reason to refuse. In the end, she took off her gauze dress and handed it to Luo Zheng.
"Thank you!"
After Luo Zheng took the gauze dress, he bent his waist and at the same time restrained his aura. With the gauze dress' effect of restraining aura, the aura emitted from Luo Zheng's body was almost indiscernible.
With a burst of quick steps, Luo Zheng unexpectedly rushed towards the Zhen Yuanyu at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing Luo Zheng so reckless, Mu Mingxue was startled and directly covered her mouth with her hand. When Luo Zheng safely approached the Zhen Yuanyu without making the slightest sound, Mu Mingxue breathed a sigh of relief. This guy was too confident …
After approaching the Zhen Yuanyu, Luo Zheng did the same thing as Mu Mingxue. He wanted to directly pull the Zhen Yuanyu down from above.
However, the Zhen Yuanyu didn't move.
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a strange expression. He immediately used the power of the dragon scales.
However, as Luo Zheng increased the power of the dragon scales to around 1000, the Zhen Yuanyu didn't move. At this time, Luo Zheng also stopped increasing his power.
This power could be called the "Strength to Pull Up Mountains". Even a mountain would be overturned by it. However, it still didn't move. This could only mean one thing. This kind of world spirit item must contain the law of cause and effect. In other words, this wasn't a problem that could be solved with strength.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng slightly leaned his body to the side. With his back facing Mu Mingxue, he gently pressed his spatial ring and took out the Black Star Pickaxe. He didn't want others to know that he had a Black Star Pickaxe. Under this cover, Mu Mingxue wouldn't dare to release her perception. Presumably, she wouldn't be able to see it.
He slowly extended the pickaxe and gently pried one of the roots of the Zhen Yuanyu. A very subtle sound was transmitted.
"Pop!"
The Zhen Yuanyu steadily fell into his hand.
At this time, Luo Zheng slightly frowned. He patted his head. Why did he have to pry it out one by one? As a world spirit item, the Zhen Yuanyu was concentrated on the same root. Couldn't he just pry it out by the roots?
Therefore, this time, Luo Zheng directly extended the pickaxe to the bottom of the Zhen Yuanyu. With a gentle pry, the law of cause and effect of the Zhen Yuanyu came into play. He uprooted the entire Zhen Yuanyu.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He put the Black Star Pickaxe into the Sumeru Mustard. Holding the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand, he turned his head and waved it at Mu Mingxue.
As for Mu Mingxue, her pair of beautiful eyes were wide open. She stared blankly at the Zhen Yuanyu.
Just now, she had used all her strength but was unable to pull out the Zhen Yuanyu. Just like that, Luo Zheng easily took it in his hand. It seemed as if he didn't use much strength.
This guy …
At this moment, Mu Mingxue rejoiced in her heart. Her intuition was indeed as powerful as always. At the same time, Mu Mingxue was a little worried. This Luo Zheng wouldn't take it all for himself, right? However, Mu Mingxue quickly rejected this idea. She felt that her vision was very accurate. This guy wasn't a selfish cultivator.
Holding the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand, Luo Zheng slowly walked towards Mu Mingxue.
However, at this moment, the Hydra that had been sleeping suddenly sniffed. To be precise, all nine heads sniffed at the same time. They quickly realized that something was wrong.
The Hydra chose to sleep here because there was a Zhen Yuanyu here. As a Spirit Plant of Heaven and Earth, this Zhen Yuanyu had already absorbed enough Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth. However, since this Zhen Yuanyu was already full, the excess Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth would be spat out. This was also the reason why Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue were attracted to the Zhen Yuanyu in an instant. It was because they felt that the Zhen Yuanyu was absorbing a large amount of Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth.
Although the Hydra was sleeping, it quickly realized that something was wrong when the Yuan Qi of Heaven and Earth that was being absorbed by the Zhen Yuanyu suddenly disappeared.
"Heh …"
"Heh heh …"
The Hydra's nine heads woke up almost at the same time.
Previously, they couldn't detect Mu Mingxue because they didn't open their eyes. Now that they had woken up, they looked around and saw that a human not far away had taken the Zhen Yuanyu and was about to swagger away. How could the Hydra not be angry?
Because Luo Zheng's back was facing the Hydra, Mu Mingxue was the first to notice that the Hydra had woken up. She covered her mouth again and pointed behind Luo Zheng with a frightened look in her eyes.
Luo Zheng suddenly frowned. At this time, he also felt the movement behind him!
"Whoosh!"
He didn't even look back. Almost instinctively, he flew towards Mu Mingxue like an arrow.
At the same time, a roar came from behind him. One of the Hydra's heads opened its mouth and tried to swallow Luo Zheng. However, it was too late. The Hydra's head smashed the rock under Luo Zheng's feet into pieces. At the same time, the whole cave began to roar.
"Go! Why are you still in a daze? "
Luo Zheng stuffed the Zhen Yuanyu into his sumeru ring. When he reached Mu Mingxue's side, he pulled her up from the ground!
Mu Mingxue only regained her senses after being dragged by Luo Zheng for a while. She circulated her True Yuan and hurriedly dashed forward without a care in the world.
The Hydra's body began to twist. Although it was huge, it was very agile. Not to mention that it was a twelfth level vicious beast. Its speed was faster than Mu Mingxue and Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, the distance between them was shortened a lot …
"It's so fast!" Mu Mingxue crazily urged the True Yuan in her body. Behind her, there was a trail of sparkling and translucent snowflakes.
As the Hydra chased after them, there was a small Hydra's head in the middle of its nine heads. The Hydra's head unexpectedly spoke in human language, "You're just a Life and Death Realm human, yet you dare to steal my Zhen Yuanyu. Hehe … I advise you to obediently stop and let me devour you. My nine brothers have been hungry for a long time. Hehe!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. This Hydra seemed to have gained intelligence. Looking at the situation, its intelligence wasn't low.
Vicious beasts with intelligence were not uncommon. Not to mention, the Hydra was a Mythological Beast. Qinglong was also a Mythological Beast. His intelligence was much higher than that of many humans.
"Quick! Let's go through the cave in front! " Luo Zheng wasn't running around randomly. He was going straight through the path he came from. As for Mu Mingxue, she was at a loss. If she wasn't following Luo Zheng, she might have run away. The final result could be imagined. She would most likely alarm more and more vicious beasts, and eventually die without a burial place.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
As the two sped forward, the Hydra was getting closer and closer to them.
"Is there any way to slow it down?" Luo Zheng asked.
As soon as his voice fell, Mu Mingxue turned around. A sparkling True Yuan ring spread out from her body, and immediately condensed into a fluttering snow ring.
"Falling Snow Domain!"
Generally, once a Domain was condensed, it would move along with its owner. However, after condensing it, Mu Mingxue directly threw the Domain in place, and followed closely behind Luo Zheng.