Mu Mingxue's Snowfall Domain only slowed down the Hydra's movements by less than a breath's time. However, for the two of them, even a breath's time was extremely precious.
In fact, the danger in this mine couldn't be compared to the danger zones. If they dared to fight, the possibility of obtaining the Zhen Yuanyu was not small!
However, the ascenders had just ascended and didn't even have the time to properly see the world before losing their lives in this mine. No matter who it was, they wouldn't be willing to accept such a fate.
Therefore, the majority of the Divine Sea Realm experts would rather spend some time searching for top-grade True Origin Stones in the lower levels than searching for the Zhen Yuanyu.
Because Mu Mingxue had bought time for the two of them, they leaped all the way to the vertical hole that Luo Zheng had just smashed open. The two of them didn't stop at all and shot upwards.
How could the Hydra let the two of them go?
"Huff —"
All of the snake heads stood up. Its entire body surged rapidly as it climbed upwards.
Fortunately, the Hydra's body was huge, and the hole that Luo Zheng had smashed open was only two to three feet wide. However, the Hydra relied on its valiant strength to forcibly squeeze its way up!
"Crackle …"
The entire hole was forcibly crushed by its huge body and constantly collapsed on both sides. Even so, its speed wasn't affected in the slightest.
Mu Mingxue rushed upwards while releasing icicles one after another!
The attacks of the Divine Sea Realm experts weren't weak, but the problem was that the Hydra was even more powerful. Most of the icicles couldn't break its defense. Even if a small number of icicles pierced through the scales on its surface and caused a slight wound, the wound would heal in the blink of an eye!
Among the divine beasts, the Hydra's attack power was the weakest. However, this world had always been fair. Its attack power wasn't great, but its recovery ability was one of the best among the divine beasts. It was said that even if the Hydra's head was chopped off, it could still regrow it in a short time.
When Luo Zheng entered the Blue Clouds Road, he also obtained the Hydra's Blood Soul. It strengthened his Qi and blood power, allowing his body's recovery ability to rise to a new level.
Fortunately, the Hydra wasn't particularly good at attacking and chasing. If it were another kind of twelfth level vicious beast, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue wouldn't be able to escape …
Even the weakest divine beast was still a divine beast!
The Hydra seemed to be impatient in the midst of its relentless pursuit. The small head in the clump of snakes shrieked, "We're going to kill them, kill them! Poisonous Blood! "
"Huff —"
The Hydra's head, and the Hydra's's' mouths. '''s's' mouths condensed. a's's mouth.'s's's's's's.
Mu Mingxue's face turned ghastly pale at the sight of this. She and Luo Zheng were both ascending in this tunnel, and this tunnel was long and narrow. There was no place to dodge at all. They were in a hopeless situation!
"Huff!"
After the's's' 'mouths condensed the's''s''s' 'mouths, scarlet pillars of blood suddenly sprayed out!
Nine pillars of blood sprayed out in the passage. Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue felt a bloody smell coming from below. At the same time, the bloody smell was mixed with an intense stench. The ''s' 'blood must be highly toxic.' '
"What should we do …" Mu Mingxue had almost given up resisting. She relied on her instincts to fly upwards. Although she still stubbornly believed that Luo Zheng was weaker than her, who else could help her besides Luo Zheng?
In fact, she didn't expect Luo Zheng to save her. In this situation, both of them would die. Therefore, she asked Luo Zheng out of reflex.
Luo Zheng's''s' 'was incomparably indifferent. He flipped over and grabbed Mu Mingxue.
"What are you doing?" Mu Mingxue seemed to understand something. She thought that Luo Zheng wanted to use her as a shield to block the '' spurting pillars of blood!
No one wanted to be used as a scapegoat. Therefore, Mu Mingxue subconsciously resisted. She wanted to flip over and step on Luo Zheng.
Mu Mingxue never expected that Luo Zheng wouldn't resist. She naturally pulled him over and he obediently lay down below Mu Mingxue. At this time, Mu Mingxue was stunned. She finally understood that she had misunderstood Luo Zheng.
He came over just to block the blades for her?
She and Luo Zheng had only just met. They didn't know each other well. Even if they had only known each other for a short period of time, they had established a certain level of trust. However, this trust was very fragile.
Even if they were brothers, it would be very difficult for them to block a blade in a time of crisis. The Life and Death Realm kid in front of her was actually blocking those deadly poisonous blood pillars for her?
At this moment, Mu Mingxue's face revealed an inconceivable expression.
"You!" Mu Mingxue sucked in a breath of cold air. While feeling the thick smell of blood, she stared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled. He spread out his arms and maintained the speed of his ascent. At the same time, he blocked those poisonous blood pillars as much as he could!
"Hiss …"
The poison contained in these blood pillars was highly corrosive. After it splashed on the surrounding rock and quartz, it caused a violent reaction. Milky white bubbles and black smoke were emitted. At the same time, numerous holes were left behind. However, this poisonous blood didn't cause much trouble for Luo Zheng. It only corroded the clothes on Luo Zheng's back. Moreover, the impact of these blood pillars increased the speed of Luo Zheng's ascent!
"Invulnerable to poison?" When Mu Mingxue saw Luo Zheng, a stunned expression appeared on her face. She finally realized that she had underestimated Luo Zheng. This guy's secrets were far beyond her imagination.
At the same time, a trace of shame appeared on Mu Mingxue's face. He had just made it clear that he wanted to save her life, yet she still misunderstood him …
"Rumble …"
Although Luo Zheng had blocked those deadly blood pillars, the crisis wasn't over yet. The Hydra directly expanded the entire passage by ten times. Violent noises shook the bottom of the passage like an earthquake. It was still in hot pursuit.
However, the two finally passed through the passage and reached the bottom of the vein. They didn't have the slightest chance to take a breather and fled.
Along the way, the passage became narrower and narrower. The Hydra could only use blood arrows and blood pillars to continuously attack them from behind.
Mu Mingxue's state of mind had calmed down a lot. While dodging the Hydra's attacks, she sprinted forward. Occasionally, she would condense her Snowfall Domain to slow down the Hydra's speed. When she couldn't dodge the Hydra's attacks, Luo Zheng would stand behind her …
Not long after, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue actually reached the middle layer from the bottom!
After the Hydra chased them to this place, it seemed to be afraid of something. Its smallest head revealed an extremely unwilling expression. It only roared at Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue, "Next time, next time, if you dare to break in again, I'll make sure that you won't be able to return!"
After throwing down these ruthless words, the Hydra turned its huge body around and retreated …
At this time, the two's faces revealed a look of relief. They were naturally very happy to be able to escape from death. What made them even happier was that they also obtained 39 Zhen Yuanyu.
"This exploration ends here. After returning to the settlement, I'll split it between you and me," Luo Zheng said faintly.
"Okay!" Although she believed that Luo Zheng wouldn't take all the Zhen Yuanyu for himself, Mu Mingxue's heart really calmed down after hearing Luo Zheng's words.
The two, one in front and one behind, flew towards the upper layer. At this time, Luo Zheng was holding a Zhen Yuanyu in his hand and carefully looking at it.
Zhen Yuanyu and Zhen Yuan Stone only had a one-word difference, but Luo Zheng felt that there was a big difference between them!
To put it bluntly, Zhen Yuan Stone was a special kind of ore. This kind of ore's texture just happened to be able to contain the World's Origin Qi. This was true even for Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stones. It was just that Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stones could contain more World's Origin Qi and Zhen Yuan was purer.
As for this Zhen Yuanyu, it seemed to be "grown". It should be condensed directly from the World's Origin Qi. Its function wasn't just to provide Zhen Yuan, it should have other uses!
This point could be seen from its value. A Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stone could be exchanged for a Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stone at a rate of 100: 1. But a Top Grade Zhen Yuan Stone could be exchanged for a Zhen Yuanyu at a rate of 10,000 per Zhen Yuan Stones …
The Zhen Yuanyu in his hand was warm and smooth. Even if he didn't crush it, it would still constantly release pure Zhen Yuan. A martial artist could directly absorb it.
However, Luo Zheng didn't need it. He relied on the Chaotic Qi and didn't need to replenish his Zhen Yuan.
Just as he was pondering and walking out of the mine, six or seven martial artists flew over from the horizon. These six or seven people were all Divine Sea Realm martial artists.
"Stop, kid," one of the Divine Sea Realm martial artists said coldly.
"Huh? There's actually a Life and Death Realm kid? This is really unprecedented, haha! "Another Divine Sea Realm martial artist laughed loudly.
＝＝＝＝＝