Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue didn't say anything. However, they were both people who had been through a lot. Naturally, they knew that these guys didn't come with good intentions.
Mu Mingxue frowned slightly and asked, "What's the matter?"
The leading bald warrior looked up and down at Mu Mingxue. His eyes lingered on Mu Mingxue's chest and waist for a while. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly and his eyes revealed a trace of obscenity. "What's the matter? Of course, something's the matter! " As he spoke, the bald warrior pointed to the cave behind Mu Mingxue. "Do you know how this cave came about?"
"How did you get here?" Mu Mingxue asked.
"The Lord of the Southern Sky Kingdom dug it out with a pickaxe!" The bald warrior pointed to himself and said.
Luo Zheng's eyes were indifferent. He kept playing with the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand. He didn't say a word from beginning to end.
However, Mu Mingxue's face was still full of doubts. She said, "You dug it out? So what? "There were mines all over the mountain. If they wanted to dig out Zhen Yuanyu, of course, they had to dig a hole.
The bald warrior smiled faintly. "You still don't understand? Hehe, pure and stupid enough. I like it! Since this cave was dug by me, the Zhen Yuanyu you dug out naturally belongs to me! "
"Yes, that's the reason!"
"Hahaha, Brother Nan is right!"
The other warriors of the Divine Sea Realm next to him also echoed.
Mu Mingxue had long known that these people had come with bad intentions, but she didn't expect them to be so shameless. It was impossible for them to dig this mine. After all, their predecessors had already dug countless mines. In such a large mountain range, there were probably more than a hundred thousand such mines. Even if they were the ones who dug it, there was no reason for them to pay True Meta Stones.
Mu Mingxue's face darkened. She said in a cold voice, "According to you, you want to rob in broad daylight?"
This bald warrior was honest. "I finally understand. Hehe!"
"Is the Lingwu Holy Land not going to interfere with such a blatant robbery in broad daylight?" Mu Mingxue's face was getting more and more unsightly. The seven people in front of her were all warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm, but she was the only one in the Spirit Sea Realm on her side. Luo Zheng was only in the Life and Death Realm. Although Mu Mingxue had just shown some incredible abilities, Mu Mingxue was still not optimistic about Luo Zheng's fighting strength.
After all, the gap between the Spirit Sea Realm and the Life and Death Realm was too big. First of all, Luo Zheng hadn't even opened his own inner world. Naturally, it was impossible for him to perform a Field Domain. It was impossible for him to compete with a Spirit Sea Realm warrior.
"Lingwu Holy Land? Hehe, they don't care about us ascenders. "The bald warrior sneered." As long as someone can pay enough True Meta Stones, they don't care about killing and robbing. "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He was still playing with the Zhen Yuanyu in his hand. In his heart, however, he thought that the Lingwu Holy Land wouldn't interfere. This was easy. Although he thought so, his face was still indifferent.
Mu Mingxue had already gritted her teeth. She was afraid that she was going to suffer a loss. The Zhen Yuanyu was in the hands of Luo Zheng, and she had hundreds of top-grade True Meta Stones. Thinking of this, Mu Mingxue said, "I did dig up some top-grade True Meta Stones. Can I give them to you?"
After saying this, Mu Mingxue turned her hand and took out her top-grade True Meta Stones.
The bald martial artist faintly swept his eyes over them and chuckled, "Not bad, but … you only managed to dig up a few top grade true essence stones? I don't believe it! "
This request was even more excessive. Mu Mingxue was willing to take out the top-grade True Meta Stones she dug up in the mine, which was already a big concession. She didn't expect this group of guys to …
However, Mu Mingxue was truly helpless right now. If they fought, she was clearly no match for these people. She fiercely clenched her pearly white teeth and said, "I can let you check my spatial ring!" After she finished speaking, she extended her jade-like hand. There was a light red ring on her middle finger.
The bald warrior narrowed his eyes and almost couldn't wait to reach out his hand!
Whether it was in the universe or in the lower realms, the number of female warriors was in the minority. And the number of female warriors who could cultivate to the Divine Sea Realm and ascend was even fewer …
When these ascenders were in the lower realms, they had many wives and concubines. However, after they ascended and started mining, they rarely had the chance to get close to other women. Although Mu Mingxue was wearing plain clothes, her appearance and figure were devastatingly beautiful. How could this bald warrior let her go?
He grabbed Mu Mingxue's hand and pretended to check Mu Mingxue's Sumeru Ring. Then he smiled and said, "Well, I didn't hide it, but maybe it's not hidden here. Maybe it's hidden here …" After saying this, he actually touched Mu Mingxue's chest!
"Get out of my way!" At this time, Mu Mingxue was finally angry. A little bit of True Yuan suddenly spread out and condensed into a snow ring. It suddenly spread out in all directions, forcing the bald warrior away.
To her surprise, the bald cultivator's hands suddenly turned golden. With a light pinch, he shattered Mu Mingxue's snow bracelet. With a lewd look on his face, he chuckled, "If you promise me this once, and accompany my brothers while you're at it, I don't care about these supreme-grade True Origin Stones …"
"You just said that the Spirit Martial Holy Land doesn't care about killing and robbing in the mine, right?" Luo Zheng said indifferently.
From the beginning, everyone had chosen to ignore Luo Zheng. Although they found it strange, how could a Life and Death Realm warrior appear here? Could it be that this guy relied on his Life and Death Realm cultivation to ascend? However, when they saw Mu Mingxue, they were all stunned. How could they pay attention to a Life and Death Realm little guy?
However, since Luo Zheng had spoken, the bald martial artist coldly said, "That's right. Don't worry, after I've served this little girl, I naturally won't let you off. Just stay on the side and be obedient … huh? What are you holding in your hand? "
As soon as the bald warrior opened his mouth, the eyes of the six warriors suddenly became straight!
"Zhen Yuanyu!"
"Big Brother Nan, it's Zhen Yuanyu!"
"Hahaha, we are really lucky this time. This Zhen Yuanyu is worth ten thousand top grade True Yuan Stones!"
These Spirit Sea Realm warriors were all wild with joy as if this Zhen Yuanyu already belonged to them.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, "Yes, it is indeed Zhen Yuanyu. I have more than one here …"
"Luo Zheng! Are you crazy? "Mu Mingxue was already in despair. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to speak like this.
Luo Zheng's expression was still calm. He even smiled slightly and took out the other 38 Zhen Yuanyu from his Sumeru Ring, "Look, I still have so many."
Seeing the Zhen Yuanyu in Luo Zheng's hand, the seven Spirit Sea Realm warriors were all crazy.
"So many! So many! "
"This is hundreds of thousands of top grade True Yuan Stones! Big Brother Nan, we are really lucky this time … "
It should be known that they could only extort a few hundred top grade True Yuan Stones every month when they robbed the lode. If they were lucky, they could get a few thousand. The problem was that with so many of them, they had to gather seven million top grade True Yuan Stones before they could leave.
They were all ascenders, warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm. Some ascenders had been robbed once, so they had become smarter. Robbing was becoming more and more difficult!
Now that so many Zhen Yuanyu had suddenly appeared, how could they not be wild with joy?
The bald warrior smacked his lips and looked at Luo Zheng. In addition to the joy on his face, he also had some doubts, "I don't know if you are really stupid or just pretending to be stupid. Normally, when someone has dug out a Zhen Yuanyu, how could they hand it over so easily? Why did you show it to others? "
No matter how stupid a guy was, he wouldn't do such a thing. Therefore, the bald warrior called "Big Brother Nan" was also quite confused.
Luo Zheng stretched his arms and said, "Actually, before entering the lode, I thought about robbing. Compared to working hard to mine, robbing should be faster, right? But after thinking about it, I still don't think it is suitable for me to do such a despicable thing. For one thing, I don't know if the Lingwu Holy Land will interfere. For another, this kind of thing is really tasteless. "