For a moment, these Divine Sea Realm warriors doubted if they had heard it wrong.
At the same time, he was puzzled in his heart. Where did that chill come from?
In the mortal world, these ascenders were either the monarch of a Divine Kingdom or the leader of a Sixth or Seventh Rank Holy Land. In these Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands, there were not as many Life and Death Realm warriors as there were in the Divine Kingdoms and Holy Lands, but each force had at least hundreds of them.
Since when did they take Life and Death Realm warriors seriously?
More importantly, after listening for a while, it seemed that this Life and Death Realm kid was going to start a fight here!
Who gave this kid the courage to do this? One against seven warriors of the Spirit Sea Realm?
Was this guy crazy?
At this moment, the seven Divine Sea Realm warriors didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Even Mu Mingxue, who was standing beside Luo Zheng, was dumbfounded. She really didn't know what gave Luo Zheng such confidence. Did Luo Zheng have some background? This was impossible. If Luo Zheng had some background in the mortal world, why would he need to mine here? He must have been taken away by someone.
However, although Mu Mingxue was very confused, she didn't make any move. This kid had shown her incredible skills twice in a row. Did he have a way to deal with these Divine Sea Realm warriors this time? On second thought, Luo Zheng didn't have any chance of winning with his cultivation. Therefore, although she looked calm, she was actually restless.
After the Divine Sea Realm warriors finished laughing, they stared at Luo Zheng with ridicule. The bald warrior laughed so hard that he couldn't breathe. But in the end, his smiling face was full of coldness. "I'll give you a chance to live. Give me all the Zhen Yuanyu and hand in the Zhen Yuanyu every day. If you don't do it one day, your life …"
"Thank you for your kindness, but I don't need this chance." Luo Zheng smiled. The Chaotic Qi in his body suddenly burst out. In an instant, he got close to the bald warrior.
During the last period of time in the Mortal World, Luo Zheng also practiced diligently.
In addition to practicing the Primal Chaos Secret Technique and the Astral Battle Body, he had also obtained a book that recorded the Origin Laws from the library in the immortal abode.
Generally, the Origin Source Laws were engraved on stone tablets, while his master would directly make all kinds of Origin Source Laws into giant books. After entering the books, one would be able to completely comprehend the Origin Source Laws without any omission. With Luo Zheng's near-perfect affinity, the speed at which he comprehended the Origin Source Laws was extremely fast. After obtaining the Origin Source Laws, Luo Zheng also rapidly absorbed the knowledge of the Origin Source Laws.
Therefore, in a short period of time, Luo Zheng cultivated the Source Laws that he had already comprehended to the third layer. He also recorded the subsequent Laws in the library. However, it took a lot of time to comprehend them. Luo Zheng knew that he shouldn't bite off more than he could chew, so he didn't spend too much time on cultivating the Laws.
Luo Zheng had also experimented before. Using the Primal Chaos Qi to stimulate the Power of the Laws, the power of the Laws would increase exponentially!
Even when Luo Zheng had just broken through to the Life and Death Realm, he still had the strength to fight with ordinary Divine Sea Realm warriors. During the period before his ascension, Luo Zheng had refined his cultivation and replaced his True Essence. His cultivation had also increased to the fifth layer of the Life and Death Realm. His strength could be described as "advancing by leaps and bounds". Facing these ascenders who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, what did Luo Zheng have to fear?
The Primal Chaos Qi in Luo Zheng's body surged. He used the Chasing Cloud movement technique that he had learned from Feng Nianyun. His entire body stuck close to the bald cultivator at an incredible speed!
The bald cultivator was immediately stunned. At this moment, he suddenly remembered the suffering he had suffered in the past!
Before his ascension, the bald cultivator had suffered a great loss in the Mortal World. It was because he had underestimated his opponent that he was seriously injured by one of his opponents and almost died! Being able to ascend to the Mortal World was entirely due to a fortuitous encounter after he was seriously injured.
Since then, the bald cultivator had warned himself more than once to never underestimate his opponents. No matter who the opponent was, he must treat them seriously!
However, the guy in front of him was just a Life and Death Realm kid!
The gap between the Life and Death Realm and the Divine Sea Realm was unimaginably huge. Just by relying on the power of his Domain, he could suppress all Life and Death Realm warriors.
Seeing Luo Zheng close to him, the bald cultivator had a bad feeling in his heart. Having suffered once, he instantly burst out with unprecedented vigilance. Almost like a conditioned reflex, he spread out his Domain.
"Ten Thousand Ghosts Domain!"
When his Ten Thousand Ghosts Domain was spread out, he was immediately surrounded by ghost shadows. Strands of Yin Qi surrounded him!
When he was in the Mortal World, Luo Zheng relied on the power transfer of the world's will, so he was very afraid of Divine Sea Realm warriors. But now, Luo Zheng could no longer rely on "power transfer" to fight, but his strength was no longer the same as before.
"It's too late to spread out your Domain now," Luo Zheng shook his head. If this guy had spread out his Domain from the beginning, Luo Zheng would have had to spend a lot of effort to break it. But even so, he was still confident that he could take him down. But now, Luo Zheng was only a short distance away from this bald cultivator. The power of the Domain could not exert any effect at all!
Before those ghost shadows could take shape, Luo Zheng's palm had already landed on the bald cultivator's chest!
The moment he attacked, he used the power of 4,000 dragon scales! And at the same time, the Vital Spirit in his arm burst out. The Vital Spirit contained the rich power of the Law of Wind. So, everyone saw that the speed of Luo Zheng's hand instantly exceeded the limit of what could be seen with the naked eye. They only saw a flash of blue light, followed by a muffled sound.
"Poof!"
The bald cultivator's burly body smashed into the mine. Like a falling meteor, he directly smashed into a cave. The moment his body smashed into the cave, the cave collapsed in an instant. Then came a rumbling sound.
"Rumble …"
The rumbling sound continued from the depths of the mine. Of course, everyone knew that this bald cultivator had been smashed into the mine for thousands of feet.
After a long while, the rumbling sound disappeared.
The remaining six Divine Sea Realm warriors looked down. Their eyes were all filled with astonishment, and their throats were constantly swallowing saliva.
In addition to shock, there was also a deep fear in their hearts.
With one slap, "Big Brother Nan" was directly smashed down. Moreover, it seemed that Big Brother Nan was doomed!
This group of people recognized the bald martial artist as their big brother. This was because the bald martial artist was the strongest amongst the seven of them. That was why they had banded together to fight for the true essence stones of the other martial artists. In this mine, they weren't the only group of ascenders who did this. In fact, there were a considerable number of ascenders who were too lazy to mine, so they resorted to robbing others to collect true essence stones.
The number of ascenders in this group of seven could be considered small. Some ascenders would band together with dozens of people, and they would even monopolize a mine in this mine. Any cultivator who entered the mine to mine would have to pay a certain percentage of Vital Spirit Stones.
From the moment they saw that Luo Zheng was only in the Life and Death Realm, these Divine Sea Realm warriors felt that something was wrong. After all, how could a Life and Death Realm warrior ascend? This was something they couldn't figure out.
However, a mere Life and Death Realm warrior wasn't worthy of their attention. They didn't take Mu Mingxue seriously, and it was even more impossible for them to take Luo Zheng seriously.
Now, they understood that this kid's cultivation was just for show. His strength was much stronger than those who had just entered the Divine Sea Realm. Even "Big Brother Nan" couldn't resist in front of him!
As for Mu Mingxue, her small mouth was slightly open. She recalled the scene just now, and her face was full of disbelief. No matter how rich her imagination was, she couldn't have guessed that Luo Zheng's backer was himself.
Luo Zheng looked at his palm with a faint smile on his face, as if the fierce scene just now had never happened. At the same time, he asked, "I wonder if the Lingwu Holy Land really doesn't care about killing and robbing? If it's true, that would be great … "
When these words were spoken, the faces of those warriors suddenly changed.
"Let's go!"
As Divine Sea Realm warriors, their decisions were surprisingly quick. They also knew that Luo Zheng's words were just a threat. However, if they didn't know what was good for them, they didn't doubt that Luo Zheng would kill them. Naturally, no one was stupid enough to answer Luo Zheng's question.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"