Not far away, there were a few ascenders watching this scene. These ascenders had more or less been extorted by "Big Brother Nan" and his group.
This time, when they saw the man and woman being surrounded by Big Brother Nan's group, they couldn't help but sigh in their hearts. These two new ascenders were probably out of luck. Not only would they lose the True Origin Stones they dug out, but the woman would also be humiliated and humiliated.
They never imagined that the situation would be reversed in the blink of an eye. That Life and Death brat had actually slapped "Big Brother Nan" to the point where they didn't even know if he was dead or alive!
Luo Zheng's gaze swept around in a circle, and the hearts of those ascenders who were watching the show suddenly trembled. In their eyes, Luo Zheng had already become a fiendish existence, and all of them immediately flew away from this place.
At this time, Luo Zheng turned his head and faintly smiled at Mu Mingxue, saying indifferently, "Let's go back and hand over these Zhen Yuanyu."
After saying this, he flew back to the settlement without looking back.
Mu Mingxue followed behind Luo Zheng. Although she didn't say a word, her gaze was very complicated.
At the beginning, Mu Mingxue had a sense of superiority in front of Luo Zheng. Her cultivation was higher than Luo Zheng's, and her uncle was the city lord of a big city in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Although her uncle hadn't shown up yet, he might have been delayed for some reason. Therefore, she planned to recommend him to take Luo Zheng away if her uncle came here in person. Such a Life and Death Realm martial artist would certainly be a promising talent after further study.
Now, Mu Mingxue naturally understood that Luo Zheng didn't need anyone's help! On the contrary, she needed his help …
However, although she was disappointed, Luo Zheng had helped her get through this calamity. Naturally, she was sincerely grateful to Luo Zheng.
The settlement was still bustling with people, and a steady stream of ascenders entered the settlement to pay the True Origin Stones. Then, they would choose to rest for a while, or continue to dig in the mineral veins to pay the one million top grade True Origin Stones as soon as possible so that they could leave this damned place as soon as possible.
When Luo Zheng took out the Zhen Yuanyu, almost all the ascenders' eyes were focused on him, revealing greed in their eyes.
However, there were many soldiers of the Spirit Martial Holy Land in the settlement, so no one dared to openly rob.
"Huh? If I remember correctly, you've just registered as an ascender, right? " The soldier who collected the True Origin stones looked at Luo Zheng, and his eyes revealed surprise.
True Essence Jades were not considered rare here. There were always ascenders who were willing to risk their lives and enter the bottom layer of the mine to dig for True Essence Jades. It was just that Luo Zheng seemed to have just registered not long ago and had already taken out a large number of True Essence Jades.
Luo Zheng asked indifferently, "What's wrong? Is there a problem? "
The soldier chuckled. "Of course there's no problem. The sooner you pay, the sooner you leave. It's a good thing."
When the Zhen Yuanyu was registered, Luo Zheng registered half of it with Mu Mingxue. Although Mu Mingxue did not play a decisive role, Luo Zheng always acted fairly. He did not want Mu Mingxue to bring him any benefits, nor did he want Mu Mingxue's beauty. He just knew that there was an inexhaustible supply of good things in this world. As long as one had strength, there was no need to be too greedy.
After handing over the Zhen Yuanyu, Luo Zheng did not choose to continue mining. Although he could not leave the mineral veins at present, he was still relatively free. He had more important things to do.
On the other side of the settlement was a wilderness where ascenders sat in groups of twos and threes, meditating and cultivating.
Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue agreed to meet at noon tomorrow in the settlement and enter the mineral veins again.
Mu Mingxue actually wanted to follow Luo Zheng, but when she saw that Luo Zheng wanted to move alone, she did not insist. She found a corner to meditate and cultivate.
Luo Zheng wandered around the area, then left far away and returned to the mineral veins. He found a cave and entered it. He even smashed open a small cave with his bare hands, then took out his longsword. With a few simple flashes of sword light, he carved out a stone bed in the small cave. He then returned to the entrance of the cave and set up an aura concealing divine rune. After completely concealing himself, he sat on the stone bed and took out the roaring token in his hand.
Qinglong had already told Luo Zheng the value of the roaring token. A roaring token that could only be used once was already an extremely rare item. Even the Great Realm Lords might only have one or two. The value of this roaring token that could be used infinitely was immeasurable!
Therefore, he naturally had to be careful when using the roaring token.
After making all these preparations, Luo Zheng took out the roaring token. According to the method taught by the immortal in the book, he only needed to use his True Yuan to activate the roaring token.
Luo Zheng did not have True Yuan, but he had the Chaos Qi, which was even more powerful than True Yuan. This time, when the Chaos Qi was injected into the roaring token, it began to emit a faint golden light.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. After thinking for a while, he held the roaring token and shouted, "Luo Yan, where are you?"
When Luo Zheng said this to the roaring token, his voice spread out …
Luo Yan, where are you …
Luo Zheng's voice suddenly rang out in the Spirit Channeling World!
Of course, it was not just the Spirit Channeling World.
Autumn Mountain Domain, Myriad Devil Domain, Divine Martial Domain, Xuan Dynasty Domain, Cloud Light Domain …
100,000 Great Realms, the entire universe, trillions of living beings all heard Luo Zheng's voice at the same time.
They heard an inexplicable sentence in their ears.
Luo Yan, where are you …
Mu Mingxue, who was originally cultivating, naturally heard this sentence. Her brows slightly furrowed, and a trace of a strange expression appeared on her face.
This voice was so familiar!
It seemed to be … Luo Zheng's voice?
She subconsciously turned her head to look around, but did not find Luo Zheng's voice. In the next moment, she suddenly realized that it was the roaring token that resounded throughout the universe!
However, when she thought of this, her pair of beautiful eyes suddenly became round, and her heart started to pound. No, it couldn't be Luo Zheng.
Perhaps, it was just the voice that was similar …
She heard from her uncle that the roaring token's value was immeasurable. Even the Realm Master of the Spirit Channeling World only had one roaring token, and did not dare to use it rashly. Luo Zheng was just an Ascender. Moreover, if he had the roaring token, why would he need to mine here? The value of one roaring token was probably enough to allow all the Ascenders in this mine to regain their freedom, and there would be more than enough to spare.
However, the voice just now was really too similar, so Mu Mingxue's face revealed a puzzled expression.
Then there was the content of that sentence. Luo Yan! Surname Luo, first name "Yan". Luo Yan, Luo Zheng … these two were really related!
"It's probably a coincidence." Mu Mingxue also felt that she was a bit crazy. No matter how amazing this Luo Zheng was, the roaring token was not something that he could have obtained.
At the same time, the vast majority of living beings in the universe who had gained sentience were puzzled.
Someone suddenly used the roaring token to throw out a sentence without rhyme or reason, and it seemed that he was looking for someone. However, this Luo Yan seemed to be a nameless person, so for some reason, he actually used the roaring token?
"Maybe he's a descendant of some Celestial Venerable. He has a lot of roaring tokens and is not afraid to waste them!"
"This is really burning money! Oh my God, a roaring token … ai! "
"Don't feel unbalanced. It's not like no one has done this before. When the eldest son of an Empyrean from the Realm of the Gods proposed to Empyrean Vast's daughter and confessed his feelings, he used a hundred roaring tokens!"
In the small cave, Luo Zheng didn't make a move. He was waiting.
The strength of that young man was unimaginably powerful. Just as Xun had said, he was an existence that surpassed an Empyrean. A mere roaring token should not be difficult for him. Since he had promised to protect Luo Yan, if Luo Yan heard his words, he would certainly respond with a roaring token.
After a long time, there was no sound in his ears. Luo Zheng's eyes gradually sank.
There were only two explanations for this situation. The first was that Luo Yan could not obtain the roaring token. The second was that Luo Yan was not within the scope of the universe.
If it was the first one, it meant that Luo Yan's situation was not as good as Luo Zheng had guessed. He might have been imprisoned, or something worse had happened. Of course, it was also possible that the young man was very stingy and was unwilling to respond to Luo Yan's roaring token …
＝＝＝＝＝