The second possibility was that Luo Yan wasn't in the universe.
This was bad news for Luo Zheng …
The universe was so big that it would be harder for Luo Zheng to find his sister than to reach the heavens.
If Luo Yan was outside the universe, it would be even more difficult for Luo Zheng.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of unwillingness, and then he activated the Roaring Token again.
"Luo Yan, where are you …"
As the Roaring Token vibrated slightly, Luo Zheng's second sentence spread out again, instantly resounding through the universe!
In the entire universe, countless races and living beings heard these words once again …
"Damn, who is this Luo Yan? Why is this woman so lucky? In order to find her, he burned two Roaring Tokens and didn't even blink an eye! "
"This is called being rich and willful!"
"But this sentence without rhyme or reason is quite depressing. Even if it's a missing person notice, it shouldn't be broadcasted like this. In any case, he should at least tell us his location or something. How can he find someone like this?"
What they didn't know was that Luo Zheng didn't have a powerful background, nor was he a descendant of a Celestial Master. With his current strength and status, he naturally had to be careful and wouldn't tell others his name and location. If he revealed too much information, Luo Zheng would simply be courting death!
After Luo Zheng's second message was transmitted, he waited for another incense stick's worth of time, but there was still no response.
He began to feel somewhat irritated.
Originally, after using the Roaring Token to find his sister's news, Luo Zheng would obtain enough Zhen Yuanyu to become an independent warrior. Then, he would find a way to travel through the universe to find Luo Yan.
However, this first step seemed to be impossible because Luo Yan didn't reply.
Very unwilling, Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Token again, and it was still the same sentence without rhyme or reason. "Luo Yan, where are you …"
Just as he finished speaking, he suddenly heard a voice. Someone had used the Roaring Token to reply!
"Hmph, so what if you've mastered the Returning to Origin Clone? I will wait for you in Autumn Mountain Jie. Let's see if you dare to come! "
When the voice suddenly sounded out, Luo Zheng was originally filled with anticipation, but in the end, it was the words of the Heavenly Sovereign Ling Huo. The originally frustrated Luo Zheng's expression became even more furious.
Luo Zheng was afraid that his voice couldn't reach Luo Yan's ears. If someone else interrupted him, how could he be in a good mood?
However, Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered to provoke Celestial Venerate Ling Huo. As soon as Celestial Venerate Ling Huo finished speaking, the other Celestial Venerate Still Water also used the Roar Command. "Hehe, just wait patiently. Wait for me to take your life!"
Luo Zheng was already very irritated. Now that the two Celestial Masters were quarreling with each other using the Roar Command, Luo Zheng was instantly annoyed. Impulsively, he activated the Roar Command.
"What are you guys arguing about? Can't it be a little quieter? "
Previously, Luo Zheng's three sentences were still in a gentle voice. Now, he suddenly exploded. All the living beings in the universe who had awakened were instantly stunned.
Vast Cloud Jie …
In the Vast Cloud Palace.
Countless Ascension Passageways were constantly flashing with milky white light.
These Ascension Passageways were not used for warriors from the Lower Realm to ascend. In fact, the one who created these Ascension Passageways was a woman in the Vast Cloud Palace.
This woman was currently sitting in a bathtub in the center of the Vast Cloud Palace. She was completely naked, but her body was shrouded in a cloud of mist. One could only vaguely see her beautiful figure and white jade-like skin. The only flaw was her back, which was covered with numerous scars …
Not long after, a Ascension Passageway flashed with silver white light. Then, a woman walked out of the Ascension Passageway. That woman looked exactly the same as the woman in the Vast Cloud Palace! Appearance, expression, and demeanor, there was no difference at all.
The woman who just walked out of the Ascension Tunnel took off all her clothes as she walked. She stepped into the Heavenly Palace naked. The moment she stepped into the Heavenly Palace, she turned into a red dot of light and was absorbed by the woman in the bathtub!
Women kept coming out of the Ascension Passageway and were continuously absorbed. All kinds of clothes were scattered around the Vast Cloud Palace, piling up into a mountain!
The woman in the bathtub was the woman Luo Zheng had seen in the Lower Realm, Yun Luo!
To be exact, Luo Zheng had seen her clone before.
Yun Luo cultivated a secret technique that split her soul into a million pieces and scattered them randomly in the Lower Realm to cultivate. This was the famous Million Clones Technique!
Through the continuous training of a million clones, Yun Luo's cultivation, experience, and comprehension had all increased tremendously!
She wanted to use this opportunity to break through to the Sector Lord level!
Right now, her Million Clones Technique had reached the final stage. She needed to absorb all her clones through the Ascension Passageway …
However, the entire absorption process was not completed in an instant. It would take about a month or so. After all, there were so many Greater Worlds, and the speed of ascension varied. Moreover, not all of the million doppelgangers survived. A small number of doppelgangers were killed by others, and some doppelgangers might have been imprisoned. She could not control all of her doppelgangers, and accidents were bound to happen.
Of course, Yun Luo couldn't go back to the Lower Realm to take revenge. She wasn't that bored.
Other than that, she also needed to retrieve the memories of her clones.
Most of the memories were meaningless to Yun Luo, but she was surprised to find a guy called Luo Zheng from two of her clones!
When she paid attention to the memories of the two clones, she quickly brought up all the things she had met with Luo Zheng …
"This little guy is very special. The Battle of the Worlds and the Fateless … These two destinies can't appear in the same person at the same time. They contradict each other, but they just happened to appear in this kid …"
Soaking in the emerald green bathtub, Yun Luo raised her head and pondered while tying her hair up.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng's Roaring Token could be heard.
"Luo Yan, where are you …?"
When Yun Luo heard the voice, a puzzled expression emerged on her face.
She had just obtained the memories of Luo Zheng from her two clones …
One of the memories was when Luo Zheng was a Xiantian realm warrior, and the other was when Luo Zheng broke through to the Divine Core realm in the Evil Tower.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng's voice sounded out, Yun Luo immediately recognized his voice!
"His ascension speed is pretty fast." Yun Luo said with a faint smile on her face. "But, where did this guy get these Roaring Tokens?"
Even Yun Luo only had five Roaring Tokens in her possession.
With her half-step Realm Lord cultivation base, there weren't many people who had Roaring Tokens. Ordinary Realm Lords would only have one or two Roaring Tokens. Because of her special status, she had so many Roaring Tokens.
However, five Roaring Tokens were too rare, and she wouldn't use them unless it was an emergency.
However, in just a short moment, she heard Luo Zheng repeat the same sentence three times!
"He's wasting so much just to find his sister …" Yun Luo was speechless. Through Yun Luo's clone in White Emperor City, Yun Luo had learned that Luo Zheng had a sister called Luo Yan, and she seemed to be related to a Second Grade Sect in the Lower Realm.
Later on, she was kidnapped and brought to the Central Domain. As for how Luo Yan came to the Upper Realm, there was no clue in her clone's memory, and Yun Luo had no way of knowing.
She had just spread her clones like seeds, and she didn't know how to control the actions of her clones. Furthermore, there were over a million clones, and she couldn't control them all.
Next, the two Heavenly Lords used their Roaring Tokens to curse each other.
Heavenly Lord Ling Huo and Heavenly Lord Zhi Shui could be considered as a pair of old enemies. This cursing battle had lasted for many years, and no one knew how many Roaring Tokens had been wasted.
However, they were both Heavenly Lords, and they had the right to waste their tokens. But no one expected that Luo Zheng would be so wasteful …
Yun Luo walked around for a while, but she didn't find any signs of the Ascension Tunnel lighting up again. Most of her clones should still be in the process of ascension. So, she slid her body into the pool. During the process of absorbing her clones, her body was extremely weak, and she had to be completely soaked in this special liquid.