In the universe, those who could use the Roaring Command were basically peak existences.
Very few people like Celestial Master Ling Huo and Celestial Master Zhi Shui, who always used the Roaring Command to curse at each other.
Both of them were extremely famous in the universe and were naturally very strong. Even many Celestial Masters were unwilling to provoke them.
It wasn't that they couldn't afford to provoke them, but Celestial Master Ling Huo and Celestial Master Zhi Shui were independent cultivators. Provoking them would cause endless trouble.
Therefore, when the two of them used the Roaring Command, at most, it was noisy and annoying. They just had to endure it.
Most people would pretend they didn't hear it. At most, they would curse them in private. Who would dare to use the Roaring Command to insult them?
But this Luo Zheng was very powerful!
He scolded the two of them as soon as he arrived.
Yun Luo coughed for a long time before spitting out the damned spirit liquid. She didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
"This kid is really fierce. I wonder where he ascended to?"
Yun Luo agreed with the way her clone in the Sin Tower did things. A Fateless person was very important. Don't twist his fate.
Although this kid was a Fateless person, if he really ascended to her domain, it would be fate. Thinking of this …
Yun Luo walked out of the bath. However, as soon as she left the mist in the bath, a faint green light appeared and enveloped her body. Soon, it formed a fitting green dress.
At this time, five or six transportation channels flickered with light. In an instant, several identical Yun Luos appeared.
Their expressions were wooden. They planned to take off their clothes and merge with Yun Luo's main body.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Wait here. There's something I need to deal with."
The Yun Luos stood in place, stupefied. They didn't move at all, waiting for the main body to deal with them.
After Yun Luo left the Misty Cloud Palace, she issued an order to submit the list of all ascenders. She wanted to look through it.
The subordinate who received the order was rather puzzled. Why did Lord Yun Luo want to look through the list of ascenders? What was so good about them? However, since it was Yun Luo's personal order, he did not dare to neglect it and hurriedly issued the order.
Among the thousands of large realms, there were countless ascension channels. Collecting all the recent name lists through these large realms and presenting them to Yun Luo was a huge project.
When Luo Zheng cursed, all the Realm Lords, Empyreans, and countless other martial artists had the same reaction as Yun Luo!
At first, their faces were filled with astonishment. Then, they didn't know whether to laugh or cry …
Who was this guy? His guts were too fat, to even dare to scold an Empyrean!
Originally, when Luo Zheng was looking for Luo Yan, everyone was curious about his identity. This time, the entire Huan Yu exploded! Those were trillions of living beings!
As for the two Celestial Sovereigns, they were silent for a moment before Celestial Sovereign Still Water's furious roar resounded through the universe once again.
"Brat, do you know who I am?" Celestial Lord Still Water's temperament was unyielding. How could he tolerate others cursing him?
Everyone thought that this should be the end of it.
Offending a Celestial Venerable would result in suffering, so it was better not to go overboard. Many people admired Luo Zheng for scolding the two Celestial Venerables. After all, they had heard these two old monsters quarrel on and off over the years, and they were sick of it. Now that an unknown junior had jumped out and scolded them, they felt very relieved.
Moreover, this Roaring Token was a rare item. This brat probably obtained a few Roaring Tokens by chance. Once he used them up, they would be gone. It was impossible for him to reply to an Empyrean's words without limit.
However, everyone's guess was completely wrong.
"I know, aren't you Celestial Lord Still Water?" Luo Zheng activated the Roaring Token and sneered.
"Hmph, you know I'm Celestial Lord Still Water, yet you still dare to scold me? Do you want to die? "Celestial Lord Still Water said angrily.
Luo Zheng chuckled and activated the Roaring Token again. "Of course I don't want to die, but what can you do to me?"
The number of creatures in the universe was unimaginable. There were all kinds of races, all kinds of creatures …
Trying to find Luo Zheng in the hundreds of thousands of worlds was countless times more difficult than finding a needle in a haystack. Moreover, Celestial Lord Still Water did not know who Luo Zheng was. Even if he wanted to find him, he did not know where to start!
To put it bluntly, even if I scold you, you won't be able to find me. Other than feeling anxious, there was really no other way!
In the past, many people in the universe had done this kind of thing.
At that time, there were still many divine beasts like the Howling Celestial Tapir in the universe, and the Roaring Token was not so precious. Therefore, during that period of time, the entire universe was filled with a foul atmosphere.
Some Realm Lords were very dissatisfied with a certain Empyrean, so they gave thousands of Roaring Tokens to a subordinate to scold that Empyrean. They scolded him from day to night, and all kinds of curses continuously rang in the ears of the trillions of creatures in the universe. It did not stop day and night, and it almost drove them crazy.
Fortunately, these days did not last long. As the Howling Celestial Tapir became rarer and rarer, anyone who used the Roaring Token would have to think carefully. Even Empyreans did not have many Roaring Tokens, so they did not dare to use them carelessly.
Celestial Lord Ling Huo and Celestial Lord Still Water were originally enemies. However, because Luo Zheng scolded both of them, he also used the Roaring Token and said, "Indeed, we can't do anything to you. However, hmph, how many Roaring Tokens do you have to squander?"
In the cave, Luo Zheng's face finally revealed a smile. He had no intention of provoking the two Empyreans. He did this purely because he could not find Luo Yan and wanted to vent.
Therefore, Luo Zheng did something unimaginable.
"You want to know how many Roaring Tokens I have?"
"Then can you count them?"
…
When Luo Zheng said these two sentences, all the creatures in the universe were speechless. He could have said it in one sentence, but he had to say it in two sentences!
Even a Empyrean would not dare to squander Roaring Tokens like this!
But then, an inconceivable scene appeared.
Luo Zheng began counting.
"One."
"Two."
"Three."
"Four."
"Five …"
He would pause for a moment every time he counted a number. It was obvious that he used a Roaring Token for every number he counted.
Countless creatures in the universe were discussing this voice that was ringing in their ears …
"My God, how many Roaring Tokens does this kid have!"
"He's already counted to ten! These ten Roaring Tokens can basically buy an ordinary tenth-grade Sacred Land! "
"Who knows where this Empyrean successor came from. I've seen prodigals, but I've never seen such a prodigal!"
Such discussions rang out in almost every corner of the Hundred Thousand Great Realms.
The problem was that Luo Zheng was still counting …
"Twenty …"
"Twenty-one …"
"One hundred …"
At this time, Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo also fell silent.
The two of them had quite a number of Howling Tokens, but Celestial Master Still Water only had a little over a hundred of them. Although he had hundreds of Howling Sky Tapirs in captivity, most of them needed time to grow. Otherwise, the Howling Tokens they produced would not be able to resound throughout the universe!
As for Empyrean Ling Huo, he had even fewer Roaring Tokens, only a little more than eighty.
The problem was that these two Empyreans had more Roaring Tokens than other Empyreans. If they squandered them like Luo Zheng, they would also feel heartache!
The crux was where in the world did this kid get so many Roaring Tokens from?
If they traded these Roaring Tokens, they could exchange them for a huge amount of resources for their own cultivation! Why waste it like this …
Luo Zheng's voice continued to reverberate throughout the universe.
"One hundred and ten …"
"One hundred and twenty …"
"One hundred and thirty …"
From surprise to shock, to disbelief, then to disbelief, then to disbelief, and finally to numbness. This was the journey in the hearts of countless beings in the universe after hearing Luo Zheng's count.
This numbness lasted for a full four hours. Luo Zheng counted from one to more than ten thousand until another voice sounded in the universe …
"Hehe, what are you doing? Is counting fun?"
It was a woman's voice. It was very soft and ethereal, and when it reached one's ears, it made one feel numb.
When the Empyreans and Realm Lords in the universe heard this voice, their expressions changed drastically.