Luo Zheng wasn't that bored, but it was his first time using the Roaring Token, so he was a little curious.
He didn't expect to hear a woman's voice towards the end of the count.
Luo Zheng was looking forward to hearing the voice of a Luo Yan. Unfortunately, this woman wasn't one. Hearing her question, Luo Zheng said angrily, "It's not fun."
"If it's not fun, why are you counting? Are you crazy?" the woman replied with a grin.
"It's really boring. Anyway, I'm going to cultivate." After fiddling with the Roaring Token for a long time, Luo Zheng was a little bored and was about to put it away.
Unexpectedly, the woman continued, "Don't cultivate. Do you want to listen to me sing?"
When her words resounded through the universe, dozens of voices suddenly sounded throughout the universe. Almost all the reclusive old monsters used the Roaring Tokens in their hands at this moment!
"Don't, please, don't sing!"
"We know your voice is nice, but you don't have to sing. We're really speechless!"
"Hey, hey, didn't you promise us that you won't sing in the future?"
The voices of many Celestial Venerables sounded at the same time.
Originally, the others didn't get involved in the quarrel between Luo Zheng, Celestial Venerable Ling Huo, and Celestial Venerable Still Water. After all, no one was willing to use the Roaring Token on unimportant matters.
However, when the mysterious woman's voice sounded, all the Celestial Venerables became nervous at the same time. When she was about to sing, all the Celestial Venerables were shocked and tried to stop her.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng was a little confused. Wasn't it just singing? It was better than listening to him count, right?
The mysterious woman said in an aggrieved voice, "I just want to sing. Is there a need to make you so nervous? Is it because my singing isn't nice? "
"No, no, no one in the universe has a better singing voice than yours. But you promised us that you wouldn't sing in the universe!"
"Yes, I also think your voice is nice, but please don't sing anymore …"
"Please don't sing, please don't sing!"
Hearing the pleading words of the Celestial Venerables, Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Why are they afraid of you singing? Is it because your singing is too bad? "
The woman giggled and said, "Yes, they don't like to hear me sing, so I have to sing …"
"It's really not that you find it unpleasant!" The roars of the several Empyreans were like free orders, constantly dissuading him.
The mysterious woman thought for a moment and said, "Alright, this time I won't release Devil Echo in my voice. Don't worry, it won't cause a beast tide!"
"Are you sure it won't cause a beast tide?" An Empyrean asked cautiously.
"Yes. Last time, it was because they were affected by the reverberation of the demonic voice that caused them to go berserk. This time, it won't happen again …" the mysterious woman continued.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally understood.
This was not the first time the mysterious woman's voice had appeared in the universe.
Just a few years ago, this mysterious woman's voice rang out for the first time. At that time, the first sentence she said was still fresh in the minds of the trillions of living beings in the universe because it was simply too profound.
At that time, the mysterious woman opened her mouth and asked, "Is there anyone here?"
This sentence was even more useless than the sentence Luo Zheng asked when he was looking for Luo Yan!
Of course there were people in the universe, but no one was bored enough to use Roaring Tokens to answer her question. Even the extremely wealthy Empyrean Still Water and Empyrean Ling Huo, although they had a large number of Roaring Tokens in their hands, they used them to curse at each other from a distance. They were disinclined to answer this mysterious woman's question.
Thus, after the mysterious woman asked several times in a row, she stopped asking and began to sing.
Her voice was originally very pleasant to listen to. If she sang, it would naturally be pretty good. But here was the problem.
Her voice seemed to contain some kind of special demonic nature! Even living beings with normal intelligence would be extremely agitated after hearing her voice and be unable to control themselves.
And when those Vicious Beasts with undeveloped intelligence heard her voice, it directly caused them to riot. Thus, her voice caused the largest Beast Tide in history!
Beast Tides weren't anything rare in the universe. Some great worlds would erupt with Beast Tides from time to time. For example, a certain race of Vicious Beasts would suddenly go crazy and gather hundreds of thousands or even millions of Vicious Beasts to attack a certain Holy Land at the same time …
Every race would more or less guard against the arrival of Beast Tides. And once a Beast Tide erupted in a great world, the races of the surrounding great worlds would lend a helping hand.
However, the Beast Tide triggered by this mysterious woman was no ordinary Beast Tide. It was a Beast Tide that erupted in the universe at the same time in a hundred thousand great worlds!
Generally speaking, Vicious Beasts with undeveloped intelligence wouldn't be particularly powerful. However, these Vicious Beasts were often terrifying in numbers. For example, Ant Tides, Scorpion Tides, Snake Tides, and so on. The ones to suffer were the weaker living beings.
However, there were still a considerable number of Vicious Beasts in the universe. Although they hadn't developed intelligence, their strength was abnormally powerful.
When these fellows were stirred up by the mysterious woman's voice, the situation immediately spiraled out of control.
That period of time could be called a dark day for many races in the universe. The hundred thousand great worlds suffered immeasurable losses. Many Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms were destroyed. Although there were no Empyreans or World Lords that died, there were countless powerhouses below the World Lord level!
And the instigator of all of this was this mysterious woman. It was all because of one of her songs.
This was also why when this mysterious woman suddenly said she wanted to sing, the originally silent Empyreans all jumped out to stop her.
Up until now, where this woman came from and what her name was were all mysteries in the universe.
Some Empyreans had once tried to fish for information from her, but this mysterious woman refused to answer. Later, many Empyreans persuaded her not to sing in the future. Since then, this mysterious woman had never spoken.
At the very least, in these past few years, her voice had never resounded in the universe again.
But today, another fellow had appeared. Not only had he quarreled with the Empyreans, but he had also managed to make this mysterious woman speak. While the Empyreans were trembling with fear, they also resented Luo Zheng.
However, they didn't dare say anything. This mysterious woman's origins were unknown, so they could only persuade her like this. If she really opened her mouth to sing, it would be another disaster for the hundred thousand great worlds in the universe.
Fortunately, they heard this woman say she wouldn't use the Demonic Echo. If she promised not to trigger a Beast Tide, then singing a song wouldn't be too much of a problem …
In truth, Luo Zheng didn't know that all the Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms in the hundred thousand great worlds had entered a state of alert!
Whether it was the Human Race, the Fiend Night Clan, or the Demon Race …
From the small third-grade and fourth-grade sects to the large ninth-grade and tenth-grade Holy Lands and Divine Kingdoms, all the factions issued orders to gather all their martial artists and deploy them to the various passes, main roads, and city walls …
Every martial artist's face flashed with nervousness. As for the leaders of the Holy Lands and the rulers of the Divine Kingdoms, their complexions were also grim!
Although this mysterious woman promised that her singing this time wouldn't trigger a Beast Tide, who could say for sure?
No one knew the woman's origins. Even if she triggered a Beast Tide again, there was almost nothing they could do to her!
They could only rely on themselves. No one was willing to see a devastating disaster brought about by a Beast Tide.
As for the Spiritual Martial Holy Land where Luo Zheng was, at this moment, they were also mobilizing a large number of experts and deploying them to various parts of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land. Of course, they didn't expect this group of ascenders to help, so these ascenders who were diligently mining in the mines didn't feel any sense of crisis. They, who had ascended from the lower realms, didn't know how terrifying this Beast Tide was.
After a while, the woman's ethereal and pleasant voice drifted through the universe …
"Awakening in the wind and leaves, the time and space under the shadow of the tree …"
"The notes at the fingertips, for whom are they played …"
"The whistling wheels …"
Her voice was as gentle as a nightingale. Coupled with this slow and elegant tone, it was indeed very pleasant to the ears.
However, except for Luo Zheng, most of the creatures in the universe weren't in the mood to appreciate her singing. It wasn't that they didn't know how to appreciate it, but they were now paying close attention to the great worlds they were in, afraid that there would be any trouble and trigger another Beast Tide!
＝＝＝＝＝