After the song ended, the mysterious woman asked, "Is it nice?"
"It's nice, it's nice!"
"It's so nice. This song should only exist in the heavens. It's rare to hear it in the mortal world!"
"I've never heard such a nice song …"
Many Celestial Venerables also felt sorry for the Howling Tokens in their hands. After all, their Howling Tokens were not like Luo Zheng and this mysterious woman's. They could use them as they pleased. How wasteful was it to use the Howling Tokens to flatter others?
However, they also knew that they couldn't save their Howling Tokens. The mysterious woman didn't sound old, but in the hearts of many Celestial Venerables, she was like a great aunt. They were afraid that if they angered her and used the Demon Echo, they would be in big trouble.
Who knew that the mysterious woman didn't buy it. She just snorted and said, "I'm not asking you. I'm asking him!"
Everyone knew who she was asking. It had to be the mysterious young man who had been counting.
Seeing that the mysterious young man didn't speak, the other Celestial Venerables also hurriedly said, "Hey, boy, say something!"
Luo Zheng, who was in the cave, smiled faintly. He then calmly activated the Roaring Command in his hand and said, "Yes, it sounds good."
"Hehe." The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Then I'll sing it for you every day in the future, okay?"
In fact, as long as it didn't cause a beast tide, the Celestial Venerables wouldn't dislike this woman's singing. After all, her voice was very pleasant to the ears. However, everyone was worried and didn't want her to sing every day. But now, no one dared to jump out and stop her. They were afraid of angering her.
However, many Celestial Venerables still hoped that Luo Zheng would take the initiative to refuse …
However, Luo Zheng only responded, "Okay."
"Yes, that's right. I haven't asked your name yet. I'm afraid I won't know how to address you in the future." The mysterious woman's voice sounded again.
Hearing the mysterious woman ask Luo Zheng's name, many Celestial Venerables became interested.
If they knew the name of this mysterious young man, it would be much easier to find him. They were very interested in the mysterious woman, and they were also interested in Luo Zheng. These Celestial Venerables just wanted to figure out how these two people got their Roaring Tokens and why they never ran out.
Luo Zheng was not an idiot. How could he say his name in front of everyone in the universe? Earlier, he had scolded the two Celestial Lords. Moreover, he had a special roaring token in his hand. Wasn't he courting death by saying his name?
"It's not convenient for me to say this name," Luo Zheng responded.
"It's not convenient …" Hearing that Luo Zheng didn't want to tell her his name, the woman's voice seemed to be disappointed, but she immediately said, "It doesn't matter, as long as you can chat with me! I'm trapped here and can't go anywhere. It's really depressing! "
"If you have time, I'll be happy to keep you company," Luo Zheng said lightly.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't have much interest in chatting with this mysterious woman. He was already too busy with his own affairs, so how could he have the time to chat with a woman of unknown origin?
Luo Zheng's answer was just perfunctory.
After putting away the Roaring Token, Luo Zheng continued to close his eyes and cultivate. Several hours had passed since he used the Roaring Token to cause such a ruckus in the universe.
The next day, when Luo Zheng returned to the settlement, he found that everyone was talking about the Roaring Token yesterday, including the soldiers on duty.
"Who do you think that mysterious young man is?"
"I think it's most likely that he's a descendant of a Celestial Lord!"
"Yes, I think so too. Only a descendant of a Celestial Lord would be so willful and use the Roaring Token …"
Hearing these conversations, a soldier sneered. "Don't use your ignorance to speculate. Let me tell you, let alone a descendant of a Celestial Lord, even a Celestial Lord wouldn't waste the Roaring Token like this! That mysterious young man's origin, hehe … isn't something you can speculate about! "
"Brother Xing, you said that the mysterious young man isn't a descendant of a Celestial Lord. Then who is he?" An ascendant asked the soldier.
The soldier spread out his hands and said, "You ask me, but who am I supposed to ask? I can only tell you that that guy is definitely not a descendant of a Celestial Lord. As for who he is … I'm afraid no one in the entire universe knows. "
This armored soldier called Big Brother Xing's words were too absolute.
For example, there were people who recognized Luo Zheng's voice, and there were more than one.
Just like Yun Luo and the people from the Demi-Immortal Clan …
However, the people from the Demi-Immortal Clan couldn't be sure that the mysterious young man was Luo Zheng. After all, there were too many living beings in the universe. Among the trillions of living beings, it wasn't difficult to find a cultivator with the same voice as Luo Zheng. Therefore, the people from the Demi-Immortal Clan could only guess.
As for Yun Luo, because she knew about Luo Yan and knew that Luo Zheng was looking for her sister, she was able to determine Luo Zheng's identity by comparing their voices.
Although the universe was vast, it couldn't be that there was a cultivator with the same voice as Luo Zheng, who was also looking for a cultivator called "Luo Yan," right? There was no such coincidence in the world.
According to yesterday's agreement, Mu Mingxue rested for a whole night before entering the settlement again.
Along the way, many Divine Sea Realm cultivators were sizing up Mu Mingxue. Their gazes gave her goosebumps all over her body. Some Divine Sea Realm cultivators even invited her to mine with them. Mu Mingxue refused all of these invitations without exception. She knew clearly that these guys were up to no good!
At this time, Mu Mingxue was still puzzled about the voice that had been ringing for a long time yesterday.
Yesterday, she listened carefully to every word. The mysterious young man's voice was too similar to Luo Zheng's! They were exactly the same!
However, Luo Zheng was just a cultivator who had just ascended. It was impossible for him to get a Roaring Token, not to mention that he had wasted so many Roaring Tokens …
This was Mu Mingxue's doubt.
When she saw Luo Zheng waiting in the settlement, she quickly walked over with a smile, "Let's go!"
Luo Zheng nodded. Since he had chosen to mine in the mine, Luo Zheng's target was the Zhen Yuanyu. The sooner he dug them out, the sooner he could regain his freedom.
However, on the way, Mu Mingxue kept asking Luo Zheng questions, which made Luo Zheng vigilant. This woman seemed to be suspecting him …
In fact, Luo Zheng could understand. Yesterday, she heard his voice in the Roaring Token. Today, she probably wanted to confirm it. However, since Luo Zheng didn't admit it, this matter couldn't be verified at all. As for Mu Mingxue's wild guesses, Luo Zheng wouldn't dispel her doubts.
However, in the process of rushing to the mine, the two didn't know that they were being watched.
The ascenders in the mineral veins were also grouped together.
All the ascenders could roughly be divided into three factions. Among them, the most powerful faction was led by a martial artist called Qiu Ren!
In fact, the bald cultivator who had been slapped to death by Luo Zheng yesterday was also Qiu Ren's subordinate. If it weren't for Qiu Ren's acquiescence, how could the bald cultivator dare to rob here?
Ascenders like Qiu Ren had already accumulated enough Zhen Yuanyu. Originally, they could have left the mine early. However, Qiu Ren wanted to accumulate enough Zhen Yuanyu here. After bribing the soldiers in the mine, he stayed in the mine to cultivate. He had already accumulated a lot of Zhen Yuanyu. When he left this place in the future, he would be able to buy a large amount of resources so that he could cultivate quickly …
Like Qiu Ren, the leaders of the other two forces also had the same plan. Therefore, the entire mine seemed to be in order. In fact, it was monopolized by these three forces. The other ascenders diligently mined the mine. Not only did they have to hand it over to the Lingwu Holy Land, they also had to give a portion of their labor to these three people!
Yesterday, the six Spirit Sea Realm cultivators fled in panic. They turned around and complained to Qiu Ren. Qiu Ren firmly controlled the mine in this area. How could he tolerate others challenging his authority?