Regarding Luo Zheng's Life and Death cultivation base, Qiu Ren was also somewhat baffled.
Moreover, the bald cultivator's followers had also described Luo Zheng's fighting style to Qiu Ren. This guy seemed to have innate divine strength and had actually slapped the bald cultivator into the lode with a single palm.
This kind of strength was enough to arouse Qiu Ren's vigilance. Therefore, this time, he sent three people to follow Luo Zheng into the lode.
These three people were Qiu Ren's right-hand men. Although they were also ascenders, they were well-known figures among ascenders. Their strength was far more formidable than ordinary ascenders.
Qiu Ren had instructed these three to secretly kill Luo Zheng.
Although the Spirit Martial Holy Land didn't care much about fighting and killing in the lode, Qiu Ren had always been very careful. If he killed too many ascenders, the number of True Origin Stones he had to hand over would decrease. If the higher-ups blamed him, it would be difficult to explain to the guards in charge of managing the lode, and it would be even more difficult for Qiu Ren to explain.
Therefore, under normal circumstances, Qiu Ren wouldn't kill anyone. As long as one was willing to obediently hand over the True Origin Stones, he wouldn't make things difficult for them.
However, when it was time to act, Qiu Ren wouldn't hesitate. Since this Luo Zheng dared to kill his people, then he had to pay with his life. If he didn't do so, how could he, Qiu Ren, occupy this lode? How could he stand in front of so many subordinates?
Mu Mingxue was still immersed in doubts and speculations. She carefully thought about it. Yesterday, Luo Zheng seemed to have deliberately avoided her. In any case, during that time, she didn't know about Luo Zheng's whereabouts at all. He indeed had plenty of time …
Just as Mu Mingxue was making wild guesses, a True Origin Sound Transmission was transmitted to Mu Mingxue's ears.
"Someone is following us." This was Luo Zheng's voice.
Although the three people behind them had deliberately concealed their auras, how could they escape Luo Zheng's perception? Almost as soon as they left the settlement, Luo Zheng had already locked onto the three people's movements.
However, Luo Zheng hadn't confirmed it before. After all, these three people could also be mining. However, after Luo Zheng changed directions several times, they still firmly followed behind him. At the same time, he could feel a faint killing intent. Their goal couldn't be any simpler.
"Ah …"
After Luo Zheng's reminder, Mu Mingxue also immediately discovered the three people behind them.
In fact, these three people didn't have much ability to conceal themselves. Qiu Ren's order was to make Luo Zheng 'disappear' in the mineral vein. In their view, a Life and Death Realm martial artist and a female martial artist who had just ascended didn't need to be secretive at all. They were just fish on the chopping board.
"What should we do?" What could Mu Mingxue do? At this time, she could only ask asked asked Origin Sound Transmission Sound Transmission.
Luo Zheng said with an indifferent expression, "Let's talk about it after we enter the mine."
The two of them sped up and drilled into the mine. As for the three people behind them, they also sped up and followed closely behind.
Luo Zheng randomly chose a mine and entered it with Mu Mingxue.
The three people behind them laughed. One of them said, "This kid should be aware of our intentions. Even so, he still dares to enter the mine. It seems he is very confident."
"Confidence is a good thing, but blind confidence often leads to a quick death," another person responded.
"Leave that woman for me. There's no place to vent my anger in this damn place. It's not easy to find a beautiful woman. Don't kill her casually," the last person said with a grin.
After speaking, the three people turned into three escape lights and shot into the mine.
Just as the three people entered, they found Luo Zheng standing alone not far from the mine. He held a long sword in his hand and said with a smile on his face, "Hello."
The three people's expressions didn't change. The leader looked at Luo Zheng's posture and said coldly, "You know we want to kill you, but you still didn't run. Your courage is not bad."
"Unfortunately, you only have courage but no strength. In the end, you will only become a pile of bones," another person said.
Luo Zheng asked indifferently, "You came to kill me because of the bald cultivator yesterday?"
"We don't know. Big brother Qiu Ren told us to kill you. Naturally, you must die," one person replied.
"Qiu Ren?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised. "I didn't provoke this person."
"You didn't provoke big brother Qiu Ren. That's not important. What's important is that you must die!" The three people acted very decisively. They didn't waste time talking nonsense with Luo Zheng. After speaking, the three people attacked Luo Zheng from three directions …
At the same time, a biting cold air swept over. It was Mu Mingxue's Snowfall Field that spread out and enveloped the three people.
Luo Zheng's face revealed a faint smile. He gently waved the long sword in his hand, which flashed a strange arc. He only sighed in his heart. This world was really no different from the lower realms. It was also a world where the strong preyed on the weak. It was also unreasonable. Suddenly, he felt a sense of weariness. If the peak of martial arts was also like this, then what was the point of pursuing this peak?
Although Luo Zheng was confused, the sword in his hand became even fiercer!
…
On the side of the settlement, some cultivators built some simple houses with stones.
Almighty Divine Sea Realm cultivators all had the power to move mountains and drain seas. It was too easy for them to cut some stones and build some simple houses.
And Qiu Ren lived here.
In fact, he originally planned to build a palace. When he was in the lower realms, he was a peerless hero. His Divine Kingdom almost completely ruled the great thousand worlds he lived in!
After getting used to living a flourishing life, he couldn't adapt after arriving in the upper realms.
However, the palace wasn't built in the end. The soldiers of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land didn't agree. They said that if the people above saw it, it would cause trouble.
After all, this was a place for ascenders to serve. If they wanted to serve, they had to act like they were serving. What was the meaning of building a palace here?
Therefore, Qiu Ren could only give up.
He also knew that his strength was nothing in the upper realms. But it didn't matter. He had accumulated tens of thousands of Zhen Yuanyu. This was a considerable amount of wealth. A part of it was used to bribe the soldiers. The other part could be taken away by himself. Using these Zhen Yuanyu to exchange for resources was enough to make his strength advance by leaps and bounds.
Qiu Ren looked forward to life in the upper realms. Unfortunately, he still needed to be patient now. He was patient now for the sake of being free in the future. Therefore, he was very patient. If he endured for a while more, he would be able to leave this damned place!
Even if he lived in this simple house, Qiu Ren still had his own fun.
For example, the three female ascenders in front of him were twisting their waists in front of him with all their might, throwing flirtatious glances at him to please him.
Although the female ascenders in this mine were excellent, there were still some. However, there weren't many people who were qualified to enjoy them. Of course, Qiu Ren was one of them.
These three women were also top existences in the lower realms. Perhaps they were the high and mighty Saintesses, or perhaps they were the Divine Queens of some Divine Kingdom … Unfortunately, after ascending, they could only cling to these men without any background!
Just as the three women were doing their best to twist and dance gracefully, Qiu Ren's expression suddenly changed. The metal wine cup in his hand was directly crushed into a ball by him.
"The slave seal disappeared?" Qiu Ren's expression darkened.
The slave seal that he planted on his subordinates had completely disappeared in an instant just now …
There was only one possibility. The three of them had been killed.
Those three were Qiu Ren's capable subordinates. He was very clear about their strength. Moreover, the slave seal had disappeared at almost the same time. This meant that the other party had used a thunderous method to kill them!
Just by relying on that Life and Death little guy and a female ascender at the Divine Ocean Realm?
This was impossible!
Qiu Ren almost subconsciously rejected the guess in his heart.
The only possibility was that those three were lured into the bottom layer of the mine by Luo Zheng and encountered some powerful ferocious beasts … However, those three were very cautious. They wouldn't have allowed Luo Zheng to enter the depths of the mine.
"Big Brother Qiu! What's wrong? You don't look good? "A female ascender's slender waist twisted and coiled around Qiu Ren's body.