After killing those three people, Luo Zheng fell into deep thought.
It was as if he was possessed. Even Mu Mingxue, who was beside him, felt strange. It seemed that Luo Zheng was in a bad mood. She asked a few words of concern, but Luo Zheng seemed to be indifferent.
For many martial artists, the problem that Luo Zheng was thinking about was not a problem.
There were many directions in which a person could work hard, but they often lacked an ultimate goal.
Luo Zheng was indeed guided by Luo Yan. Perhaps this was fate's arrangement. Even now, Luo Yan was still like a compass, guiding him forward!
However, this was not Luo Zheng's ultimate goal. It was something that Luo Zheng had to accomplish, and the ultimate goal came from the deepest obsession in his heart.
Luo Zheng's obsession was indeed to pursue the pinnacle of martial arts. He wanted to see how far a martial artist could go. Could he control this world, or could he create a world?
When Luo Zheng climbed up to the Upper Bound, he found that the rules here were not much different from those in the Lower Bound …
A feeling of disgust arose in his heart, and this disgust accumulated and turned into confusion. If the scenery at the peak was the same, then it was better not to look!
In fact, Luo Zheng himself was not aware that he had also fallen into a spiritual dilemma.
The so-called spiritual dilemma was actually a kind of shackle on the heart of martial arts!
When Cui Xie kidnapped Luo Yan, it actually produced a spiritual dilemma, but it was produced by his opponent. To break this spiritual dilemma, Luo Zheng only needed to defeat Cui Xie, and his heart of martial arts would be unimpeded!
And now, this spiritual dilemma came from Luo Zheng himself. It was because he had doubts about the goal he had been pursuing all this time, and he felt tired of it!
This kind of mental dilemma was actually far more serious than Cui Xie's influence on Luo Zheng's martial heart. This was because Luo Zheng had set Cui Xie as his goal. As long as he continued to work hard to become stronger and then defeat this opponent, he would be able to break out of this situation.
Now, Luo Zheng's opponent was himself.
As the saying goes, the most powerful opponent is oneself. If Luo Zheng wanted to defeat himself and escape from this spiritual dilemma, it would not be an easy task!
Along the way, Luo Zheng searched for True Origin Stones in the mineral vein. He did not choose to enter the lowest level, so he was not in high spirits.
Therefore, this day of mining only ended hastily, and he only dug out some top-grade True Origin Stones.
When Mu Mingxue saw Luo Zheng like this, it was not good for her to ask anything. However, after seeing Luo Zheng's strength, she also knew that she was lucky to be able to obtain Luo Zheng's protection before relying on her uncle. If it was not for Luo Zheng, she was afraid that she could only be like the other female ascenders, relying on an even more powerful ascender …
After returning to the settlement, Luo Zheng casually found a place and sat down cross-legged, but he did not cultivate.
He was still racking his brains to think about this problem.
Many people would encounter this problem. A person who was striving hard would suddenly lose the motivation to struggle one day, and would ask himself what the meaning of life was.
If he could not find an answer, it was very likely that he would not be able to recover from this setback, and his entire temperament would change … But once he found the answer, his spirit would undergo a transformation, and his entire person would rise again!
Now, Luo Zheng was at a fork in the road.
While Luo Zheng was pondering, Qiu Ren, who was wearing a black shawl, swaggered through the settlement, and walked directly towards Luo Zheng.
Some of the newly ascended warriors did not know about Qiu Ren's power, but the majority of the surrounding ascenders were clear. Although this person was also an ascender, they absolutely should not provoke him. This person was even more difficult to deal with than the armored warriors of the Spirit Martial Holy Land.
These armored warriors were restricted by the rules of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, but Qiu Ren was not restricted by any rules. Although he was only an ascender, he had the power to decide life and death in this mine!
Luo Zheng sat quietly in the same spot with his eyes closed. His mind was running at full speed.
Even Qinglong was aware of the change in Luo Zheng's mentality.
But it didn't say anything. It just carefully watched Luo Zheng's every move. It also guessed that Luo Zheng was in a spiritual dilemma, and this kind of spiritual dilemma was very troublesome. The more confident Luo Zheng was, the stronger his obsession was, and the more serious this dilemma was!
Others could not help Luo Zheng. Qinglong's simple preaching was meaningless. Luo Zheng could only convince himself and defeat himself. This was a battle between himself and himself. No one could participate unless someone could change Luo Zheng's mind. But in that case, Luo Zheng's soul and memory would be reconstructed, and he would not be the current Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Qiu Ren walked in front of Luo Zheng.
Feeling a warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm in front of him, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and looked at Qiu Ren indifferently. Although he did not know Qiu Ren, Luo Zheng did not need to think to guess the identity of this person. The one who sent people to kill him during the day must be this guy in front of him.
"Where are they?" Qiu Ren stared at Luo Zheng and asked coldly.
"Who?" Luo Zheng asked back.
Qiu Ren sneered, "Three people. Who do you think they are? Playing dumb? "
"Oh … I already killed them," Luo Zheng answered indifferently.
"You?" Qiu Ren frowned.
Luo Zheng let out a long sigh and then said, "Yes, with me …"
Hearing the conversation between Luo Zheng and Qiu Ren, the ascenders who were cultivating or resting around them were stunned.
It seemed that there was a conflict between this Life and Death Realm youth and Qiu Ren?
And this Life and Death Realm youth killed the three people around Qiu Ren …
Was this guy so strong?
Wasn't provoking Qiu Ren the same as seeking his own death?
"You are seeking your own death." Although Qiu Ren already knew the result, after confirming it again, the coldness on his face became more and more intense.
"Don't you have to find your own path …" Luo Zheng suddenly raised his head and looked at the starry sky. It was a cloudy night and the night sky was misty.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Qiu Ren's face showed a confused expression. "What do you mean?!"
"I want to know the meaning of the end of this path …" Luo Zheng continued.
This time, not only Qiu Ren, but the other warriors also had strange expressions on their faces. Was this guy crazy? Or was he scared out of his wits by Qiu Ren?
Looking at Luo Zheng's sluggish face, Qiu Ren laughed instead. "It's useless to pretend to be crazy. You have two choices in front of you. You can either plant a slave imprint in you and become my slave and listen to my orders, or you can go to the mine tomorrow and die!"
Luo Zheng indifferently looked at Qiu Ren, his eyes incomparably clear. Suddenly, he slapped his head and said, "I know why I'm tired. I've heard your words countless times!" As he spoke, he even laughed. This smile gave people a very pure feeling.
This time, it was Qiu Ren's turn to be speechless. He even suspected that Luo Zheng wasn't pretending to be crazy, but was really stupid. Could it be that he was scared silly?
"Even if I know why I'm so disgusted, I still can't find the meaning …" Luo Zheng frowned and stared at Qiu Ren.
If it weren't for Qiu Ren not wanting to make a move in front of so many people and the soldiers of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, he would have already killed this strange guy.
"This Life and Death Realm kid seems to be seriously ill …"
"He must be scared silly and doesn't dare to face Qiu Ren. But this trick is useless! With Qiu Ren's character, he won't let go of anyone who offends him. Begging for mercy is useless, and pretending to be stupid is even more useless! "
"Why do I feel like he's nothing? This guy's words sound a little strange, but he seems to be thinking about something."
Although the ascenders didn't dare to come over, they didn't disperse. They also knew that Qiu Ren wouldn't kill people here, so they didn't have to worry about being implicated. Of course, when they discussed, they also lowered their voices to avoid Qiu Ren hearing them.
"What do you think? What's the meaning of pursuing power? "Luo Zheng suddenly stared at Qiu Ren and asked.
Qiu Ren's eyelids twitched, and his big fists were already clenched tightly. He was a little unable to tolerate this guy. He originally wanted to put psychological pressure on Luo Zheng and make him obediently become his slave. He didn't expect that this guy didn't put him in his eyes at all. Instead, he popped out a string of irrelevant words!
He really wanted to make a move here …
But in the end, he suppressed the anger in his heart and didn't say a word. It was enough to think of a way to deal with this idiot tomorrow. Thinking of this, he turned around and left.
However, Luo Zheng still didn't let Qiu Ren go. Instead, his figure flashed and blocked in front of Qiu Ren. He stared at Qiu Ren and asked, "What do you think? What's the meaning of pursuing power? "
He wanted to leave, but this kid actually blocked his way. Qiu Ren felt like he was about to collapse …
As for the surrounding ascenders, they also stared at this scene with wide eyes. One of them whispered, "He's probably really scared out of his wits by Qiu Ren. Otherwise, how could he have the guts to block Qiu Ren's path …"
(Thanks to Pu Yuanmeng for the 1K coins tip, Léi for the 500K coins tip, and Huangcheng Xinyu for the tip ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝