If Qiu Ren knew that Luo Zheng was acting like an idiot, he wouldn't have come tonight even if he was beaten to death!
His purpose for looking for Luo Zheng today was very simple. Either he planted a slave imprint on Luo Zheng and become his slave, or he died. Qiu Ren would never indiscriminately kill useful people. This was also one of his skills in this lode.
Who would have thought that this guy wouldn't feel the danger at all? Instead, he was like an idiot and didn't answer his question.
If it wasn't for the fact that he had some reservations and didn't want to fight here, Luo Zheng would be a dead man by now.
"I'm warning you for the last time. Get out of my way." Qiu Ren's face was as cold as ice in the winter. Being teased by a Life and Death little guy in front of so many people was indeed a very shameful thing.
Luo Zheng didn't have the slightest fear. He still stared at Qiu Ren and asked, "Tell me, what is the purpose of becoming strong?"
Qiu Ren's eyes flashed with killing intent. He reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder. Since this guy didn't want to get out of the way, he would let him suffer first.
His eagle claw-like hand directly grabbed Luo Zheng's shoulder. The True Yuan in his body began to circulate. He didn't make a sound, but in fact, he had already used eighty percent of his strength!
How could the other martial artists not understand? Qiu Ren had most likely used his hidden strength. In the next breath, Luo Zheng's bones would probably shatter.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would still be motionless and repeat the same sentence …
At this moment, Qiu Ren displayed his strength. They saw Luo Zheng's shoulder lightly shake, and a powerful force that Qiu Ren couldn't resist rolled out.
At this moment, Qiu Ren's expression changed drastically. Under the sweeping force, Qiu Ren's entire body began to rapidly retreat. His feet plowed out two grooves in the ground. After he retreated several dozen feet, his entire body somersaulted, and he once again smashed his fist into the ground behind him. Only then did he come to a stop!
Qiu Ren's punch was actually releasing the force of Luo Zheng's shoulder gently shaking. If he didn't do so, his bones wouldn't be able to withstand such a powerful force. The final result was that all the bones in his body would probably break!
"Boom!"
The punch landed on the ground behind Qiu Ren, causing the ground to sink slightly. Then, the surface of the ground rippled like water, forming a crater that was hundreds of meters wide. Many ascenders who were meditating in meditation were swept into the crater, and they all flew up into the air.
These ascenders' cultivations were disturbed, and all of them had angry looks on their faces. But when they saw Qiu Ren, how could they dare to flare up? He was just curious about who made Qiu Ren suffer a loss.
As for those ascenders who were watching the show, they were all dumbstruck after witnessing the entire process.
These ascenders could easily create a crater that was hundreds of meters deep with a single punch.
The problem was that they clearly saw that Luo Zheng didn't even throw a punch. He only moved his shoulder slightly!
What's more, after the swing, the force was transmitted to Qiu Ren's body. This was already past the first level of dissipation! While Qiu Ren was constantly retreating, this was the second layer of energy dissipation. When Qiu Ren was unable to completely dissipate this energy, he could only choose to strike this energy into the ground. This was the third layer of energy dissipation!
In other words, Luo Zheng's power was still able to cause such destruction even after being weakened three times.
What was even more frightening was that he only moved his shoulder slightly.
Just how terrifying was Luo Zheng's power?
As for Qiu Ren, his eyes revealed an expression of disbelief. Of course, he couldn't understand how Luo Zheng could erupt with such power. But now, he finally understood why the three people he sent out were instantly killed by Luo Zheng, and why the three slave seals disappeared at almost the same time.
This brat's power was immeasurable!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng was like a ghost. He passed through space and instantly appeared in front of Qiu Ren.
Qiu Ren no longer looked down on Luo Zheng. He realized that even if he went all out, it wouldn't be easy to take down Luo Zheng. Therefore, when Luo Zheng teleported over, the true essence in his body began to surge crazily. He was already on full alert as he faced Luo Zheng, ready to attack at any time.
If he attacked Luo Zheng here, it might cause some unnecessary trouble, but no trouble was more important than his own life.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would move in front of Qiu Ren and say the same thing, "Tell me …"
At this time, the expression on Qiu Ren's face was incomparably wonderful. Fools weren't scary, but fools were scary. What the hell was this guy trying to do?
It seemed that if he didn't answer Luo Zheng's question, he wouldn't be able to leave today. Therefore, this fierce and ruthless person who was like an iron tower finally resisted the urge to attack and seriously considered Luo Zheng's question.
"Becoming stronger means that you can live longer!" Qiu Ren helplessly replied. Anyway, he had already lost all his face today, so it didn't matter if he lost a little more.
"What is the purpose of living longer?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The purpose of living longer is to become stronger!" Qiu Ren rolled his eyes and continued to answer.
"Then what is the purpose of becoming stronger?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Qiu Ren's mouth was wide open as he stared at Luo Zheng. He was really on the verge of collapse. Was this person crazy?
As for the other ascenders, they were already forcefully holding back their breaths to prevent themselves from laughing out loud … This was Qiu Ren. If it were someone else, they would have already started to laugh out loud.
Qiu Ren, who was on the verge of collapse, finally roared, "Becoming stronger is for better enjoyment, to be able to dominate this world as one pleases! To be able to enjoy the wealth of the entire world, to be able to dictate the life and death of all living things! "
Hearing Qiu Ren's roar, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly lit up, and he once again sank into contemplation.
"Dictate everything …" Luo Zheng muttered as he pondered.
He was indeed tired, but this didn't mean that Luo Zheng had lost his martial heart. He was just tired of this kind of killing, tired of this law of the jungle …
"If I can dictate everything, I will definitely change this law, change this universe." The light in Luo Zheng's eyes became brighter and brighter, like a blazing star!
"With my current strength, I don't have the qualifications to be tired. I still have too many important things to accomplish …"
"It's useless to be tired. I can only work hard to become stronger, and then change …"
After ascending to the Upper Realm, perhaps because he wasn't used to it, or perhaps because he was lonely, it had a subtle impact on Luo Zheng's state of mind. In the end, it caused Luo Zheng to fall into a spiritual dilemma!
However, Luo Zheng's self-recovery ability was also extremely strong. He almost relied on his instincts to grasp Qiu Ren and carry out a "deduction".
Of course, the answer that Qiu Ren was forced to come up with out of helplessness wasn't correct, or it could be said that it wasn't important.
Luo Zheng only relied on Qiu Ren's words to let himself discern the correct direction!
To a martial artist, a spiritual dilemma was an extremely dangerous matter. Many martial artists were unable to find the meaning of their lives because they encountered a spiritual dilemma. There were those who lived in seclusion in the mountains and forests, and there were also those who went insane. There were even those who saw through the meaning of life and committed suicide …
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, quickly walked out of this predicament through deduction.
After breaking free from the spiritual dilemma, Luo Zheng's goal became clearer. His martial arts heart also completed a transformation and sublimation in this "deduction" …
Qiu Ren's face almost began to flash with an aggrieved expression. He had provoked this idiot. It was his bad luck!
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's gaze had already returned to its ethereal state. Instead, he smiled slightly at Qiu Ren. "Thank you!"
Qiu Ren frowned. He didn't want to say another word to Luo Zheng. He shook the cloak behind him and quickly rushed to the other side of the settlement!
This kid didn't go crazy. He was just pretending to be stupid to tease me. He couldn't take this lying down no matter what. He thought in his heart. Just as he returned to his residence, he saw two armored soldiers standing at his door.
Seeing the two armored soldiers from the Lingwu Holy Land, Qiu Ren's face immediately filled with a smile. He relied on these two big brothers to act like a tyrant in this mineral vein.
"Elder Huang, Elder Chen, why are the two of you here? Don't you have enough Zhen Yuanyu to spend? "Qiu Ren laughed mischievously. His expression was very polite.
After he took control of this mineral vein, he bribed a lot of Zhen Yuanyu to these two people. They could be considered very familiar with each other. The reason why Qiu Ren could sit firmly in the mineral vein was also because of these two people's care.