Qiu Ren's expression froze when he heard the soldier's words.
Qiu Ren was an ambitious and ruthless person. He had done well in the Lower Realm. Even after he ascended, he was still like a fish in water.
In his creed, if someone offended him, there was no way they could live!
He had lost all his face just now. On his way back, he was still planning how to deal with Luo Zheng! Now, this "Elder Chen" was telling him not to touch him. What kind of logic was this?
"Why?!" Qiu Ren asked indignantly.
Soldier Huang smiled coldly. "No reason. I'm just warning you not to touch Luo Zheng. It's fine if you listen to my advice, but if you don't, it's up to you. That's all I have to say!"
Then, the armored soldier with the surname Chen added, "When Luo Zheng ascended, he only took a few breaths to adapt to the pressure of the Primordial Qi."
After saying that, the two soldiers hurriedly left without looking back.
A complicated expression appeared on Qiu Ren's face as he gazed at the departing figures of the two armored soldiers. He could disregard the words of others, but since he was so familiar with these two people, even though their words sounded harsh, it was probably for his own good ….
Luo Zheng only took a few breaths to adapt to the Vitality pressure after leaving the Ascension Well? Qiu Ren's face revealed a trace of surprise.
When Qiu Ren had just ascended, his ability to adapt was extremely strong, but it still took him a full five days. This Luo Zheng had probably caught the eye of the Lingwu Holy Land …
Although most warriors born and raised in the Upper Realm had a prejudice against those who ascended from the Lower Realm, as a tenth-rank Holy Land, their thirst for talents was almost limitless.
Luo Zheng's performance after leaving the Ascension Well had already been reported by the soldiers.
The foundation of ascenders might not be as strong as warriors in the Upper Realm, but there were always some exceptions among them. Some outstanding people. No Holy Land would welcome such people!
Therefore, when Luo Zheng was mining, the Lingwu Holy Land had some soldiers secretly observe Luo Zheng.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng was extremely cautious in his actions. Two days ago, he had used the Roaring Command to set up divine patterns that isolated the outside world from prying eyes. Otherwise, there would have been a huge problem …
Now, Luo Zheng was sitting in the wilderness, cultivating with his eyes closed. After his Martial Heart had been sublimated, he felt a sense of urgency. There were still many things he needed to do, such as helping Xun recover her former glory and strength, helping Qinglong and the others, and finding Luo Yan …
And all of this required great strength to back it up.
The ascenders around Luo Zheng were also secretly sizing up Luo Zheng with surprised gazes. They sighed inwardly. This brat actually pretended to be crazy and played a fool with Qiu Ren. They wondered what his fate would be after tomorrow.
Unless he never left the settlement and never went mining, Qiu Ren would hunt him down as soon as he entered the mines.
But the next day, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue continued to mine and returned safe and sound.
On the third day, when they returned from mining, there was still no movement from Qiu Ren …
On the fourth day, Qiu Ren appeared in the settlement. When he saw Luo Zheng, he actually put on a smile and greeted Luo Zheng!
Because of this, the cultivators in the mines immediately understood that Qiu Ren should have admitted defeat. As for the reason, they didn't know. Everyone had all sorts of guesses in their hearts.
Luo Zheng's mining efficiency was very high. Although the bottom layer of the mines was very dangerous, it wasn't a big problem for Luo Zheng. The most important thing was that he ran fast!
Moreover, Luo Zheng had already made plans. If he really couldn't escape, he still had a trump card, and that was to activate the "Gen Token" and escape into the immortal mansion. However, he hadn't used it even once in the past few days to dig out Zhen Yuanyu …
But Luo Zheng also couldn't dig out all of the Zhen Yuanyu. For example, one day, Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue found a Zhen Yuanyu plant with at least fifty to sixty pieces of Zhen Yuanyu condensed on it!
But around this Zhen Yuanyu plant, there were three level 12 Vicious Beasts guarding it. Under such circumstances, how could Luo Zheng court death? He could only take Mu Mingxue with him and leave first …
Time passed very quickly in the mineral vein.
Unknowingly, the number of Zhen Yuanyu registered by Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue had increased to eighty pieces. The two of them only needed to pay another twenty pieces of Zhen Yuanyu to leave the mines and join the Lingwu Holy Place.
Mu Mingxue was naturally very happy. After joining the Lingwu Holy Place, she could rely on her uncle.
However, Luo Zheng told Mu Mingxue that he planned to accumulate two hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu.
At this stage, Luo Zheng didn't want to join the Lingwu Holy Place. If he wanted to become an independent warrior, he had to pay two hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mu Mingxue's face revealed a strange expression. The Lingwu Holy Place was a tenth grade Holy Place. He had also ascended to this world. Why did he want to leave here and become an independent warrior?
Luo Zheng didn't explain too much to Mu Mingxue. He and Mu Mingxue were just temporary partners.
On the contrary, Mu Mingxue was curious. But since Luo Zheng didn't want to say, she didn't ask.
However, things often went against one's wishes. Several months later, when Luo Zheng and Mu Mingxue finally accumulated one hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, the Lingwu Holy Place sent two people here.
When the other soldiers in the settlement saw the two people, they all looked very respectful. Obviously, the two blue-clothed soldiers were important figures in the Lingwu Holy Place.
"This subordinate respectfully welcomes Hall Master Shen and Hall Master He!"
As early as the day before, the soldiers guarding the mine had tidied up the entire settlement. At this time, the soldiers were standing in a neat row.
The area of the Great World was really too large. Even though the Lingwu Holy Place didn't occupy a lot of area and was ranked last among the three Holy Places of the Spiritual World, it was still unimaginably large …
The Lingwu Holy Place had thirty-six halls, and each hall was in charge of a thousand big cities. In other words, there were a total of thirty-six thousand big cities in the Lingwu Holy Place!
The two people in front of them were the two Hall Masters of the thirty-six halls!
Most of the soldiers in charge of the ascenders were warriors in the Divine Sea Realm. If they couldn't make great progress in their cultivation in this lifetime, their final goal was to fight for the position of City Lord. Most of them wouldn't succeed. After all, in a big city of a tenth-rank Holy Place, there were many fifth-rank and even sixth-rank clans under its jurisdiction. There were even all kinds of "small Holy Places" …
These thirty-six Palace Lords were indeed rare and important figures in the Spirit Martial Holy Lands!
In addition to the leaders and the core figures of the Holy Place, there were many elders and the thirty-six Hall Masters!
How could these armored soldiers not be respectful to such a character who had graced this remote mine with his presence?
The two Hall Masters responded indifferently. The leader of the soldiers asked again, "What orders do the two Hall Masters have for us? As long as it's within this subordinate's power … "
Before the soldier finished speaking, Hall Master Shen said indifferently, "In your mine, there's an ascender called Luo Zheng, right?"
When the armored soldier heard this, he hurriedly nodded his head. "Yes, Luo Zheng is indeed in our mine!"
"Where is he?" Hall Master Shen asked again.
The leader of the soldiers looked around. Naturally, he couldn't keep an eye on Luo Zheng all day long. How could he know where Luo Zheng had run off to?
The other soldier immediately responded, "Hall Master Shen, Luo Zheng has already entered the mine today."
Hall Master Shen nodded indifferently, "Then we'll wait for him here."
The two Hall Masters were actually waiting for Luo Zheng here. The hearts of the soldiers suddenly jumped. They couldn't help but wonder what kind of background Luo Zheng had.
Previously, they had received a secret order from their superiors to secretly observe Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng's performance at the Ascension Well was very outstanding. This wasn't strange. However, just based on this performance, it was enough to attract the attention of the two Hall Masters? The soldiers found it hard to understand. At the same time, they were secretly envious of Luo Zheng. Although these soldiers were very superior in front of ascenders, many ascenders would achieve much more than these soldiers in the future …
The leader of the armored soldiers seemed to have guessed the purpose of the two hall masters' visit. He opened his mouth and said, "Hall Master Shen, Hall Master He, since the two of you are here for Luo Zheng, this subordinate has something to say!"
Hall Master Shen said indifferently, "Speak!"
"Luo Zheng has already dug up a hundred True Elemental Jades. Originally, he could have left the lode, but he still entered the lode. I guess he wants to gather two hundred True Elemental Jades. He wants to gain freedom and become an independent warrior!" The armored soldier said.
Hall Master Shen didn't say anything. Hall Master He chuckled, "Independent martialist? Ha ha, I'm afraid it's not up to him. "