The soldiers had volunteered to enter the mine to find Luo Zheng, but they were rejected by the two Temple Masters.
The two Temple Masters were very patient.
This deepened the soldiers' speculations. What was Luo Zheng's background that made the two Temple Masters wait for him in person?
Luo Zheng waited from noon until dusk before he retreated from the mine.
After Mu Mingxue had reached 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, she chose to leave the mine and seek refuge with her uncle. They had only left a Voice-transmitting Token to each other …
However, leaving a Voice-transmitting Token in the Great World was probably a joke.
The Voice-transmitting Token was a means of communication in the Lower Realm. The range of transmission was only sixty to seventy thousand miles at most, but the territory occupied by the Lingwu Holy Place was tens of thousands of times larger than this. In most cases, the Voice-transmitting Token was useless! Unless Luo Zheng was within sixty to seventy thousand miles of Mu Mingxue!
Ever since Luo Zheng jumped out of the spiritual dilemma, Luo Zheng had been clear about his goal. Luo Zheng had always had a long-term goal, but he had just entered the Upper Realm and was still unfamiliar with the place. Luo Zheng naturally had to rely on himself to find out.
During this period of exploration, Luo Zheng prioritized waking up Xun. She had been sleeping for too long and showed no signs of waking up until now. Luo Zheng planned to accumulate 200 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu before looking for a treasure to restore Xun's soul.
Today's luck was good. He had encountered the Hydra again and snatched seven pieces of Zhen Yuanyu from it. Luo Zheng had also discovered this secret. If he wanted to find Zhen Yuanyu, he had to follow the Ominous Beasts. These Ominous Beasts were entrenched in the mine all day long to absorb the Qi of Heaven and Earth in the Zhen Yuanyu.
If it weren't for the fact that these Ominous Beasts were too powerful, Luo Zheng really wanted to leave a mark on them to save himself the trouble of looking for them every time …
However, as soon as Luo Zheng returned to the settlement, he found that the atmosphere in the settlement was a bit off.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed as he glanced at the crowd …
"These two people are quite powerful!"
So far, Luo Zheng had seen a lot of unimaginably powerful people!
Needless to say, the master he worshiped in the Immortal Mansion was just an afterimage left behind by his master. He couldn't estimate his strength, but Luo Zheng only knew that he was an existence that surpassed the universe.
Next was the young man who had taken his sister away from the Void Spirit Sect. That guy's strength was also unimaginable. With Luo Zheng's current vision, he still couldn't judge who was stronger between him and his Master.
Then there was the old man from the Demi-Immortal Tribe whom he had met during the dual cultivation ceremony with Ning Yudie. According to Luo Zheng's speculations, the old man was most likely a world overlord.
As for the two people in front of him, Luo Zheng felt that they were very strong, but they should be below the world overlord level …
No matter who they were, Luo Zheng didn't want to provoke them. After he landed, he planned to find the armored soldier to register the Zhen Yuanyu. However, looking at the armored soldiers standing in a row, it seemed that no one was coming to register. Luo Zheng didn't know who to give the Zhen Yuanyu to.
At this moment, Hall Master He walked towards Luo Zheng and smiled faintly, "You're Luo Zheng?"
As soon as he said this, Luo Zheng instantly understood that he was most likely coming for him …
No matter what, he couldn't avoid it. He nodded, "Yes, I'm Luo Zheng."
Hall Master He said directly, "Congratulations, you've completed your service and become a member of the Spirit Martial Holy Land!"
As soon as he said this, the armored soldiers looked at each other. Just now, the leader of the armored soldiers had already warned the two Hall Masters that Luo Zheng intended to become an independent warrior.
Luo Zheng frowned, then smiled faintly and said, "Sir, is there a mistake? I don't intend to join the Spirit Martial Holy Land. "
"That's not up to you. This is an order from the Holy City. We'll take you directly into the Holy City," Hall Master Shen said from the side.
Hearing Hall Master Shen's words, the jaws of the armored soldiers almost fell to the ground!
The Spirit Martial Holy Land's territory was really too big. Generally, warriors who joined the Spirit Martial Holy Land could only do some job or position in the 36 thousand cities!
Just like these armored soldiers, although they were warriors in the Divine Sea Realm, their cultivation was not weak even in the Upper Realm. However, being a city lord in these 36,000 cities was already a very good job.
The truly outstanding warriors had always set their sights on the 36 palaces!
If they were able to join the 36 palaces, for many warriors, it would be like smoke rising from their ancestors' graves.
However, the difficulty of joining the 36 palaces was unimaginable. For the majority of warriors, it was just an unattainable dream.
However, the 36 palaces weren't the core of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. The core of the Spirit Martial Holy Land was the Holy City!
The Holy City was the most important place in the entire Spirit Martial Holy Land. It was also the capital that allowed the Spirit Martial Holy Land to compete with the other two Holy Lands of the Spirit Martial Holy Land!
Those who entered the Holy City didn't care about cultivation, only talent. Because as long as you had talent, if the Holy City wanted to give you the cultivation of the Spirit Sea Realm, it was a very simple matter.
Generally speaking, warriors who were chosen to enter the Holy City were usually below the Spirit Sea Realm. As for warriors above the Spirit Sea Realm, unless they were especially outstanding, the Holy City wouldn't take them in.
There was only one reason, and that was the Life and Death Realm tribulations!
After warriors broke through the Life and Death Realm, they would go through minor tribulations.
Many warriors with average cultivation would only go through five or six minor tribulations to open the Spirit Sea. Although they could enter the Spirit Sea Realm early, it wasn't a good thing. The less tribulations one went through in the Life and Death Realm, the less potential one had in the future!
Just like most of the ascenders, they were eager to enter the Spirit Sea Realm. These Spirit Sea Realm warriors weren't worthless. After all, their strength was there, but it would be difficult for them to achieve much in the future!
Warriors who could enter the Holy City often went through eight minor tribulations, and some even went through nine minor tribulations!
Therefore, there was a saying in the Upper Realm called the Nine Tribulations Realm …
It meant that if one could go through nine minor tribulations, there was a considerable possibility of becoming a Realm Lord!
Luo Zheng didn't know about these things, but he had swallowed the "Calamity Flower" in the Kingdom of God. According to Qinglong, this thing only existed in the Lower Realm. After he accidentally swallowed it, he was bound to go through nine minor tribulations.
At this moment, the armored soldiers were also dumbfounded.
They originally thought that Luo Zheng had caught the eye of the two Palace Lords and was qualified to enter the 36 Palaces. They didn't expect the two Palace Lords to directly bring Luo Zheng to the Holy City …
The soldiers surnamed Chen and Huang also felt a sense of lingering fear.
Fortunately, the two of them reminded Qiu Ren in time to not cause trouble for Luo Zheng. If they hadn't stopped him at that time, if Qiu Ren really did something bad, the two of them wouldn't be able to bear the consequences.
Under this lingering fear, the two of them made up their minds. They couldn't let Qiu Ren do anything rash. Although they had received many benefits from Qiu Ren, if Qiu Ren offended an extraordinary ascender, they would be the ones to suffer in the future!
Under the envious gazes of the armored soldiers, Luo Zheng suddenly asked, "Holy City? Where is that? "
These words almost made the armored soldiers fall down. However, after thinking about it, this guy had ascended. It was normal that he didn't know about the Holy City.
Palace Lord He said, "It's the core of our Spiritual Martial Holy Land. If the entire Spiritual Martial Holy Land is a big Holy Land, then the Holy City is the Holy Land of the Holy Lands!"
This metaphor was very vivid. Luo Zheng immediately understood, but he still said, "What if I insist on refusing?"
Hearing that Luo Zheng wanted to refuse, the armored soldiers' hearts were bleeding. If it were them, as long as they could enter the Holy City, they would give up everything except their lives.
The two Palace Lords didn't show any surprise on their faces. After all, they were people who had seen the world. Of course, they knew that there were many tenth rank Holy Lands in this world. Some peerless geniuses might not be interested in the Spiritual Martial Holy Land.
Palace Lord He just said faintly, "With your current strength, you don't have the qualifications to refuse. Moreover, we were only asked to bring you to the Holy City."
Since these words were said, Luo Zheng naturally had nothing to say. They were all smart people. With his current strength, there was no room for resistance.
＝＝＝＝＝