Luo Zheng was also very curious. There were so many ascenders, so why did they choose him?
In fact, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that he wasn't the only one who was curious. The soldiers, the other ascenders, and the two Temple Masters were also very curious.
Even if this boy was talented and could adapt to the pressure of the World Qi in a very short time, it wasn't a big deal.
The Great World was so big, and there were countless strange people in the Lingwu Holy Land. How could he go to the Holy City with just this? They wouldn't believe it even if they were beaten to death!
Since Luo Zheng no longer refused, the two Temple Masters were relieved. Temple Master He and Temple Master Shen didn't know the depth of this matter, but the person who paid attention to this matter should have a considerable background. They didn't want to offend Luo Zheng.
Generally speaking, when leaving the lode, one would need to go through some handover procedures with the soldiers, but this was naturally unnecessary.
Not only that, the leader of the soldiers stood up at the appropriate time and said very seriously, "Luo Zheng is a special case to leave the lode. Logically speaking, he shouldn't pay these Zhen Yuanyu. These 100 Zhen Yuanyu naturally have to be returned in full!"
In fact, what kind of logic was this? It was just that this soldier was very clever. In front of the two Temple Masters, he naturally wanted to curry favor with Luo Zheng.
These 100 Zhen Yuanyu were still a considerable amount of wealth for Luo Zheng at this stage, so Luo Zheng naturally accepted it with a smile.
The two Temple Masters naturally didn't care about these 100 Zhen Yuanyu. Of course, they also knew that the soldier wanted to curry favor with them, so they just smiled faintly and directly took Luo Zheng away.
After Luo Zheng left, the lode immediately underwent a major reorganization. The ascender named Qiu Ren was the first person to bear the brunt of it. He was very unlucky. All the Zhen Yuanyu he had accumulated over the years was confiscated, and he had to pay 100 Zhen Yuanyu again before he could leave the lode.
As for the other ascenders, when they learned that Luo Zheng was taken away like this, they could only sigh secretly in addition to envy.
Along the way, Temple Master He used a very cordial tone and constantly chatted with Luo Zheng.
The two Temple Masters were very curious about Luo Zheng. They also wanted to know who brought him directly into the Holy City. They also wanted to inquire about the "big shot" behind Luo Zheng.
However, even Luo Zheng himself was a little confused about this kind of thing. How could he answer the two Temple Masters? In this huge Lingwu Holy Land, there was no big shot.....
After following the two Temple Masters into the Space Passage, Luo Zheng didn't know how far they had traveled. Even in the Ascension Passage, they flew for five days and five nights. Finally, they turned into another huge Space Passage and traveled for another three days. Only then did the two Temple Masters bring Luo Zheng out of the Space Passage.
When the light of the spatial tunnel dissipated, Luo Zheng discovered that he was standing on a ten thousand feet tall teleportation platform. When he lifted his head and looked around, what entered his eyes was a vast and boundless city. Luo Zheng was unable to see the borders of this city at a glance. Moreover, there were buildings that were ten thousand feet tall and were comparable to large mountains standing all around him!
He didn't know what material these buildings were made of, but they were all shining with a light blue luster. Therefore, when he looked at it, it felt like the city was carved out of crystal. It was very beautiful.
"Is this the Holy City of the Lingwu Holy Land?" Luo Zheng couldn't help but sigh.
Based on Luo Zheng's understanding of the whole universe, the Lingwu Holy Land was not a particularly powerful force in the whole universe.
Previously, Luo Zheng had a rough understanding that the Human Race controlled a total of 10,000 Great Worlds. This was just one of the 10,000 Great Worlds. Moreover, the Lingwu Holy Land was not the most powerful Holy Land in this Great World. It was only ranked third.
However, the Holy City of the Lingwu Holy Land was actually of such a scale. Luo Zheng naturally sighed. The vastness of this Great World seemed to be far beyond his imagination.
When the two Temple Masters heard Luo Zheng's sigh, there was a faint look of pride on their faces. After all, they were warriors from the Mortal World and had not seen the world. Temple Master He said, "Just the Holy City alone has nearly 100 billion creatures living in it!"
100 billion creatures … How big is the Holy City? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Temple Master He smiled and said, "If we use an image to make an analogy, it is about one-tenth of the area of a Mortal World."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was stunned again.
Just the Holy City alone was one-tenth of the area of a Great Thousand World. This was …
Luo Zheng finally understood why it took 10 days to reach the Holy City through the Teleportation Channel.
Cities like Apocalypse City and Cloud Sea City were already considered large cities in the Central Domain. Even the capital of the Divine Kingdom's continent was probably comparable to Apocalypse City.
The area of Apocalypse City was at most one-thousandth of the area of the Central Domain's continent!
However, in the Mortal World where Luo Zheng lived, 70% to 80% of the area was ocean. The area occupied by the entire Central Domain was only about 3% of the area of the Great Thousand World.
In other words, the area of the city in front of him was already three times larger than the area of the Central Domain.
Some of the mortals living in such a large city would probably be unable to leave it for the rest of their lives.
The facts were indeed as Luo Zheng had guessed.
Not everyone in the Mortal World was a warrior. Most of them were still ordinary humans who were unable to cultivate or had no desire to cultivate. Most of them were unable to leave the city. After all, the Holy City was really too large. Even if a warrior in the Divine Sea Realm didn't use the Teleportation Channel, he would still have to fly for several days to leave the city completely.
"Okay, let's continue our journey!" Temple Master He was very satisfied with the shock on Luo Zheng's face.
After leading Luo Zheng away from the Teleportation Channel, Luo Zheng discovered that there were many straight thin lines in the air. These thin lines were intertwined with each other, but their heights were different. Currently, many warriors were flying along these thin lines at an extremely fast speed.
Seeing that Luo Zheng had noticed these thin lines, Temple Master He continued, "There are too many warriors in the Holy City. If you fly too fast, you will collide with each other. Therefore, we used Divine Glyphs to arrange tens of thousands of thin lines that run through the entire Holy City. You see, the red line is the incoming warrior, and the blue line is the departing warrior. These thin lines are of different heights to prevent people from colliding with each other."
Luo Zheng finally understood the purpose of these thin lines.
Flying in the air could only be done after breaking through to the Divine Reflection Realm. However, in the Mortal World, although there were many Divine Reflection Realm warriors, it wasn't enough to make the entire sky overcrowded.
In the Holy City, the number of warriors in the Divine Reflection Realm and above was unknown. It was impossible to count. There were too many people flying in the air, so there must be a plan.
Therefore, these thin lines actually had the same function as the roads in the city.
Then, the two Temple Masters brought Luo Zheng to one of the thin lines and continued to move forward.
Just like Temple Master He said, all the warriors flying around this thin line were flying in the same direction. Although everyone's speed was different, the slow ones still gave way to the fast ones. In the end, there was only one line.
If it weren't for these thin lines, the sky above the Holy City would be so crowded that it would be impossible to fly.
However, Luo Zheng had just flown along this thin line for a short while when a group of martial artists came crashing over from the front!
This group of warriors didn't have the slightest intention of following the rules. They were all shouting and chasing each other. Moreover, their flying speed was extremely fast.
These warriors looked to be in their early twenties, but their cultivation wasn't low. Basically, they had already stepped into the Divine Sea Realm. Only a few of them were Life and Death Realm warriors.
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
Seeing these guys charging head-on, the cultivators who were in the same direction as Luo Zheng also dodged one after another. A guy with such cultivation at such a young age was mostly from a prestigious family. How could ordinary people afford to offend him?
Seeing this scene, the two Temple Masters slightly wrinkled their brows.
As the Temple Masters of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, their status was extremely high. However, even so, the two of them didn't want to stir up trouble in the Holy City. After all, the Holy City was a place of hidden dragons and crouching tigers. The thirty-six Temple Masters were indeed peak existences in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. However, there were many Elders and other characters above them. The less trouble, the better.