These guys were flying in the opposite direction of the thin line, breaking the flying rules of the Holy City. The bystanders were angry, but they didn't dare to say anything.
Luo Zheng had already retreated to the side, trying to avoid these guys.
Since he had just arrived and was unfamiliar with the place, he didn't want to cause any trouble.
What he didn't expect was that these two young warriors would charge straight at him with a trace of coldness on their faces. Obviously, they wanted to collide with him!
Luo Zheng didn't want to cause trouble, but he was never afraid of trouble. Just like those guys in the mineral vein, if they wanted to die, Luo Zheng wouldn't hesitate to make a move.
He had already taken a step back, but the other side still didn't let him go. Luo Zheng's face didn't change at all. He was accumulating power in his body.
Seeing this, the two Palace Masters were also shocked. They were entrusted with bringing Luo Zheng into the Holy City. Now, Luo Zheng hadn't been handed over yet. If something happened to him, how could they explain it?
The two Palace Masters were quite far from Luo Zheng. The young warriors were flying at a high speed, so it was too late for them to move away from Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng was hit by these two Divine Sea Realm warriors. Palace Master He and Palace Master Shen only had time to warn Luo Zheng.
"Get out of the way!"
Luo Zheng stood in the air without moving an inch. His gaze was indifferent as he looked at the two guys who were about to crash into him.
The moment these two young warriors collided with Luo Zheng, they even laughed. At the same time, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth also curled up.
Seeing the strange smile on Luo Zheng's face, the two young warriors felt a little strange. What was this Life and Death Realm kid laughing about?
In the next moment, the three of them collided with each other.
Under the collision of their bodies, a muffled sound burst out.
"Puff!"
"Not good!"
The two Palace Masters' faces were also very unsightly. How safe was the Spirit Martial Holy Land? They didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so unlucky.
The group of male and female warriors in front of him were obviously the playboys of the Holy City. They didn't put others in their eyes. In their dictionary, bullying others was a matter of course, and they didn't need any reason. How could they have known that they would find Luo Zheng so coincidentally?
However, what happened next left everyone dumbfounded.
Luo Zheng only retreated a distance of several dozen meters before coming to a steady stop. After all, his opponents were two Divine Sea Realm warriors. Luo Zheng was unable to use "Power Transfer", so he could only rely on the body of a Saint Tool to forcefully resist. However, the power that erupted from his body had also neutralized part of the impact. Under the impact, Luo Zheng's Qi and blood were madly tumbling, but they were quickly digested by his tough body. The reason why he retreated so far was only to make his body feel better. If Luo Zheng wanted to show off, he could do it without retreating a single step.
However, the situation of the two young Divine Sea Realm warriors was very bad.
The moment the two young warriors collided with Luo Zheng, they felt as if they had collided with a mountain!
However, with the strength of a Divine Sea Realm warrior, even if it was a mountain, they would be able to smash it into pieces …
Therefore, in the entire Holy City, this group of playboys ran rampant. A few days ago, when they fought with others, they smashed more than ten thousand meters high buildings. Still, no one dared to say a word!
There was a reason for deliberately colliding with Luo Zheng. The reason was ridiculous. It was nothing more than seeing that Luo Zheng was a Life and Death Realm warrior, and Luo Zheng's appearance was only in his early twenties. To have such a cultivation at this age was not considered slow in the Upper Realm. Therefore, they took the initiative to provoke Luo Zheng, wanting to embarrass Luo Zheng.
They thought that Luo Zheng would inevitably dodge.
Who knew that not only did Luo Zheng not dodge, but he also stood still in the same place.
When they collided with Luo Zheng, they finally understood why he did not move …
Both of them let out a muffled groan from their noses. Under this high-speed collision, coupled with the explosive power of Luo Zheng, their internal organs were displaced. Even the opened Inner Worlds were constantly tumbling, and the True Essence Sea inside was surging with monstrous waves. There was also a tearing feeling in their Dantian.
"Puff puff …"
Blood spurted out from their mouths. Like two kites with broken strings, they fell straight down and finally smashed into the cold ground.
Below them was a mortal market. Today, there were countless mortals coming and going in this market. Suddenly, two Divine Sea Realm warriors fell down, startling those mortals.
However, the mortals living in the Sacred City were in a completely different world from the warriors. They also knew how to protect themselves. Seeing the two warriors falling down, no one dared to watch. Instead, everyone dispersed in a hubbub, fearing that the two warriors would get up from the ground and vent their anger on them.
It was too easy for warriors to kill mortals. Moreover, if they killed mortals, they would die unjustly …
"This …" For a moment, Hall Master He and Hall Master Shen did not know what to say. Although they were glad that Luo Zheng was fine, the result was too different from what they had expected.
As for the other dozen or so young warriors, they also looked at Luo Zheng in a daze. However, the first two warriors to react flew down and carried the two unconscious young men on their backs.
Luo Zheng glanced at Hall Master He and Hall Master Shen indifferently, then said, "Hall Masters, shall we continue on our way?"
The two Hall Masters nodded at the same time, muttering in their hearts, "No wonder this kid was chosen by a big shot. He does have some skills …"
Just as the three of them were about to leave, those young warriors suddenly became unhappy.
This group of people was tyrannical in the Sacred City. It had always been them who made others suffer losses. Since when did others make them suffer losses? The key was that after suffering such a loss today, this guy still wanted to run away? How could it be so easy?
"Stop. You want to run away after bumping into someone?" One of the young warriors said coldly.
Luo Zheng glanced at that warrior indifferently and said, "He bumped into me first."
"Hey, he bumped into you? Don't you know how to dodge? Instead, you stood there and let him bump into you? "Another young warrior continued.
Luo Zheng sneered, "Nonsense. You are a group of trash who have nothing to do. You don't have any skills. You deserve to die like this! You are looking for death, yet you still want to blame others. You should be the trash of trash! "
As soon as these words came out, those young warriors were stunned.
Everyone thought that Luo Zheng would continue to defend himself. Even the two Hall Masters thought that Luo Zheng would continue to reason. After all, along the way, they saw that Luo Zheng had a good temper. They didn't expect that he would suddenly become so arrogant halfway through his defense. For a moment, they couldn't accept it.
After experiencing the spiritual dilemma last time, Luo Zheng had understood that there were some guys in the world who didn't need to be reasoned with. For this group of people in front of him, only strength could make them understand what was reality.
In the Sacred City, few people dared to talk so arrogantly in front of this group of young warriors, even those warriors with strength. After all, this group of guys in the Spirit Sea Realm was extremely difficult to deal with. More importantly, their families were supported by a group of seniors in the Lingwu Holy Place. Therefore, even if some warriors suffered losses, they would just endure it.
Today, Luo Zheng was different from his usual self. He didn't give them any face and scolded them to their faces.
Foppish playboys cared about face the most. In their eyes, they could lose anything but face. Being called trash of trash by Luo Zheng, this group of people's faces turned from red to white. Soon, one of the young warriors said in a cold voice, "Do you know who we are?"
"Whoosh!"
A cyan light flashed in Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring. He held a long sword in his hand and pointed it at that young warrior, "Don't tell me who you are, and don't tell me who your seniors are. This is a common excuse used by trash! Come at me together or one by one. I'll let you choose! "
With this attitude, he didn't put these guys in his eyes at all.