In the air, countless cultivators were flying and moving on the thin lines that crisscrossed like spider webs.
These martial artists were not as timid as those mortals. When they saw that there was a dispute here, they also stopped to watch.
Hearing Luo Zheng calling these Divine Sea Realm martial artists trash and even threatening to challenge them, their faces were full of excitement. They knew that there was a good show to watch. They didn't know where this Life and Death Realm martial artist came from to be so arrogant.
However, this kind of arrogance had to be fulfilled. Without strength, this kind of arrogance was no different from courting death.
"Hahaha, you're just relying on your strong body and you dare to be so arrogant. You want us to challenge you alone? You think too highly of yourself. I alone can deal with you! "A long-haired youth walked out from the group of martial artists.
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and raised the longsword in his hand, ready to fight.
At this time, the two palace masters couldn't take it anymore. If you want to fight, it's your business. However, the two of them were escorting Luo Zheng. How could they let Luo Zheng challenge these guys?
Palace Master He stood out at this moment and said to those young martial artists, "Sorry, we have important matters to attend to. We can't accept your challenge right now. You juniors should know when to stop!"
"Know when to stop? Who do you think you are? How dare you stop us! "The long-haired youth didn't care about Palace Master He's words and even scolded him.
At this moment, Palace Master He's face turned ugly.
The two of them were the palace masters of the thirty-six palaces. Although there were many experts in the Spirit Martial Holy Land, apart from the leaders of the Holy Land, there were more than a hundred elders and some other important people. The next in line were the palace masters of the thirty-six palaces.
In other words, in the tenth grade Holy Land, their positions were enough to be in the top two hundred!
Moreover, Palace Master He was old and his cultivation base was only second to the Realm Lord. Being scolded by these juniors in their early twenties, his face turned ugly.
Hall Master He sneered, "Brat, no matter who your elders are, you should know your limits!" To be honest, since these guys were so arrogant, they must have a powerful background. Therefore, Hall Master He had to restrain his anger. If it were any other warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm, he would have crushed them into ashes with a wave of his hand.
"Hmph, so what if I don't know my limits?" The long-haired young man clearly knew that these two Palace Masters had high cultivation levels, but he still didn't take it to heart.
"If you don't know your limits, then I'll have to teach you a lesson on behalf of your family's elders." Palace Master He was finally enraged. This group of reckless debauchees had really gone too far.
The long-haired young man smiled faintly. "My grandfather is Elder Crane Heart of the Lingwu Holy Land. Teach me a lesson? I'm afraid you don't have the qualifications! "
When the two Hall Masters heard Elder He Xin's name, their expressions froze. As expected …
In fact, the two Hall Masters had a rough idea from the beginning. Those guys who dared to be so arrogant in the Sacred City must have a powerful background. Otherwise, they would have been taken down long ago.
Probably seeing that the two Hall Masters were discouraged, this group of young warriors became even more arrogant. The long-haired young man sneered, "I wonder if you have the qualifications to teach me a lesson?"
Palace Master He was very embarrassed at this time.
Elder He Xin was an extremely powerful elder in the Lingwu Holy Land. He had a bad temper and was very protective of his own people. He was rude and unreasonable. Many Hall Masters had suffered in the hands of this elder. No matter Hall Master Shen or Palace Master He, they didn't want to provoke this old guy.
"Do I have the qualifications? Tell me!"
"Tell me loudly!"
"Who do you think you are? Just because your cultivation is higher, you pretend to be an elder here!"
This group of young warriors became aggressive when they saw the two Hall Masters softening their stance.
In particular, the long-haired young man took a step forward and sneered, "Tell me, how do you want to teach me a lesson?"
"I … This …" Although Palace Master He had powerful strength, he was forced to take a step back by the long-haired young man.
"Tell me! Looking at you, you should be the Hall Master or Deputy Hall Master of that Hall. You might be a big shot in your little place, but in the Sacred City, hehe! "The long-haired young man continued to press forward as he spoke.
Just as Palace Master He took another step back, a figure suddenly flashed by!
Luo Zheng broke through the air at this moment. At the same time, the Chaotic Energy in his body turned into an extremely powerful Law of Wind. With the help of the Chasing Cloud Movement Technique, Luo Zheng slapped the long-haired young man's face with lightning speed.
Luo Zheng's slap was not easy to bear.
The strength of this slap, even if it landed on a ferocious beast with a strong body, it would not be able to bear it.
As for the long-haired young man, he was like a spinning top as he spun rapidly in the air …
By the time the long-haired young man had resolved the strength of Luo Zheng's slap, half of his face was already red and swollen. The imprint of five fingers had also swelled up, like a relief sculpture inlaid on his face. It was incomparably clear.
Luo Zheng waved the long sword in his hand and sneered, "I said you were trash, but you didn't believe me. In the end, didn't you still have to bring out your family's elders?"
"You!" The long-haired young man was furious. The humiliation in his heart was completely covered by the pain on his face, "I will kill you!"
"Kill this brat …"
"Kill him with a thousand cuts. I want him to die in the dirtiest place in the Sacred City!"
At this time, the young warriors finally decided to swarm forward …
Luo Zheng also prepared to fight. However, although he was extremely arrogant, he did not intend to take the lives of these guys in this battle.
However, the two Hall Masters with profound cultivation would certainly not allow this to happen.
Palace Master Shen stretched out his hand and pointed, "Stop!"
Whoosh …
A power containing the Law of Time spread out and immediately shrouded these young warriors.
Palace Master Shen nodded towards Palace Master He and grabbed Luo Zheng. Palace Master He then used the Great Teleportation Technique, grabbed Luo Zheng and Palace Master Shen, and turned around. The three of them disappeared in a white spiral light, directly leaving this place of trouble.
The Great Teleportation Technique was something that could only be comprehended when one cultivated to a high level of the Law of Space. The principle was actually similar to Luo Zheng's space travel, but Luo Zheng's space travel could only travel a distance of several dozen feet. Even after two years of secluded cultivation and comprehending more of the Law of Space, his space travel limit was only maintained at a distance of 300 to 400 feet.
However, the Great Teleportation Technique could directly travel a distance of several hundred miles. This was also a major life-saving method for warriors who cultivated the Law of Space! After cultivating to a very high level, the Great Teleportation Technique could even travel an unimaginable distance. It could even teleport between great worlds!
After the three of them disappeared, the restriction of the Law of Time slowly disappeared. The young warriors all had ugly expressions. Today, they had suffered a great loss!
"Escape? As long as we're in the Holy City, do you think we can escape?" The long-haired young man sneered as he stuffed a pill into his mouth.
This eighth-grade pill was very expensive. For many cultivators, they would only swallow it when they were on the verge of death. In fact, although Luo Zheng's slap had left him in a sorry state, it was far more than just swallowing this pill. However, for him, the handprint on his face was too shameful. Naturally, he hoped that it would disappear as soon as possible.
The pill's effect was amazing. After swallowing it, the handprint from Luo Zheng's slap began to fade at a visible speed.
However, although the handprint on his face faded, his heart was far from calm!
Whoosh …
Under the Great Teleportation, the three of them instantly appeared in another part of the Holy City.
Palace Master He sighed and said, "Forget it, let's continue on our way!"
Luo Zheng saw the expression on Palace Master He's face and said indifferently, "Palace Master He, why are you afraid of that group of juniors? This kind of person should be taught a harsh lesson!"
Palace Master He didn't speak. Instead, Palace Master Shen said, "Hey, Luo Zheng, you don't know. Our thirty-six palaces may look impressive, but we can't compare to the Holy City. This group of people's background is really not small. I'm afraid they won't let you go.
＝＝＝＝＝