After all, the Holy Land of Lingwu was a tenth-grade Holy Land, one of the three overlords of a big world.
The core of the Holy Land was in the Holy City.
As the saying went, a higher official could crush people to death. How could Temple Master He and the others dare to provoke those elders?
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He had encountered this kind of thing too many times and was almost numb to it. However, he still smiled and said, "Thank you for your concern, Temple Master Shen. I'll be fine."
"I hope so …" Temple Master Shen nodded.
The three of them continued on their way …
Several hours later, a huge building appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The size of this building was about the same as the area of Tianqi City.
What surprised Luo Zheng even more was that this building was not built on the ground, nor was it suspended in the air like the Cloud Hall. Instead, it was built on the back of a giant tortoise!
"This giant tortoise …" The giant tortoise under the building was obviously a living creature. It was just quietly crawling on the ground, motionless. However, the aura emitted from this giant tortoise gave Luo Zheng a vast and ethereal feeling!
"This is not a tortoise. It's called 'Feiyi'. It's actually a giant snake with a shell." Temple Master Shen said.
"Feiyi … It allows humans to build this on top of it?" Luo Zheng looked at this scene with his eyes wide open.
Temple Master Shen laughed and said, "Of course, it's the contract beast of our Holy Land Master. It also protects the safety of the entire Holy City!"
"This guy is pressed under such a huge building. Won't it move?" Luo Zheng asked again. He was really curious.
"It hasn't moved for 3,000 years, right? I remember that 3,000 years ago, it should be here. Later, it moved once … "Temple Master Shen said.
There were indeed too many interesting things in the Upper World. Just the Holy Land of Lingwu was enough to make Luo Zheng curious. He wondered how many miracles existed in other big worlds.
After watching for a while, Luo Zheng flew toward the building with Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He.
As soon as they approached the top of the "Feiyi", a team of armored soldiers rushed out of the building.
These armored soldiers wore brown dragon scale armor, and every single one of them had a cultivation level of the Divine Realm. After charging out like this, they blocked the path of the three people.
"We're waiting for someone to visit the Spiritual Martial Palace!" The leading soldier asked coldly.
Hall Master Shen smiled and took out a nameplate in his hand.
The leader of the armored soldiers glanced over and said, "So it's Hall Master Shen! May I ask what brings you here? "
"I was summoned by the Holy Lord. Please pass on the message," Hall Master Shen said.
Sacred Master? In other words, the leader of the Holy Land?
Did this mean that the ruler of the Lingwu Holy Land had summoned him? Luo Zheng looked even more confused.
He had no idea who the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land was. Why would he be summoned by the Holy Lord?
His mind was in a mess, but he couldn't come up with an answer. However, the answer should be revealed soon, right?
After the armored soldiers passed on the message, the two Temple Masters and Luo Zheng entered the huge Spiritual Martial Palace. The Spiritual Martial Palace had three inner layers and three outer layers. There were a total of six layers of barriers. Luo Zheng casually looked around and judged that these barriers were at least seven layers or even eight layers of barriers. This kind of protection was too tight.
After passing through these barriers, they directly entered the center of the Spiritual Martial Palace. In the center, there was a spacious hall. In this hall, there was a middle-aged man wearing a purple-gold crown. He was sitting alone at a table, and the table was filled with all kinds of strangely shaped fruits. These fruits emitted an alluring fragrance, and the middle-aged man was eating them one by one.
After Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He entered the hall, they stepped forward and bowed to the middle-aged man. "Subordinate greets the Temple Master!"
The middle-aged man faintly nodded and waved his hand. His gaze fell on Luo Zheng.
When this gaze fell on him, Luo Zheng suddenly felt like he was completely seen through. This middle-aged man was the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land?
Then this person's cultivation should be at the Sector Lord level!
Luo Zheng tried to guess this person's cultivation level. However, when the middle-aged man looked at him like this, he felt a little conflicted. The feeling of being seen through with a single glance was not good!
The middle-aged man could feel Luo Zheng's emotions. He only gave a faint "hmm" before continuing, "He's a good seedling, but at this level, he shouldn't be qualified … Why is that?"
These words were a little strange. Not only did Luo Zheng not understand, but Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He also didn't understand.
"Strange, strange." The middle-aged man didn't understand and continued to look at Luo Zheng. "Warriors of this level, our Spirit Martial Holy Land should have quite a few … It shouldn't be!"
These mutterings made Luo Zheng even more puzzled. He couldn't bear it any longer. Luo Zheng was too lazy to care about etiquette and asked, "May I know why the Holy Lord summoned me?"
Seeing Luo Zheng talking so casually to the Holy Lord without any etiquette, Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He immediately became nervous. They knew that the Holy Lord was always very strict!
Who knew that the middle-aged man would only faintly smile. "Nothing much. It's just that throwing you into the mines is not very suitable!"
Speaking up to here, Luo Zheng immediately said, "If that's the case, can I leave the Spirit Martial Holy Land?"
"Hehe …" The middle-aged man faintly smiled. "Of course not. Not only can you not leave the Spirit Martial Holy Land, you can't even leave the Holy City!"
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked, "Are you going to imprison me?"
Temple Master Shen couldn't bear to listen anymore. You're just an Ascendant. What do you have that's worthy of being imprisoned by the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land? Are you kidding me? Temple Master Shen said, "Luo Zheng, the Holy Lord wants you to stay in the Holy City. Naturally, he won't treat you unfairly. You don't have to ask about anything else."
The middle-aged man waved his hand and said, "It's okay. It's not that I want you to stay in the Holy City. Someone is coming here. However, it will take some time. You can wait here for a while."
"Someone? Who is that person? " Luo Zheng stared at the middle-aged man and asked. This mystery was getting bigger and bigger. His curiosity was getting stronger and stronger.
"You'll know when the time comes." The middle-aged man refused to tell him. After thinking for a while, he said, "Shen Gongfan, take him to apply for a nameplate to enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. During this time, you can use the cultivation area of the Spirit Martial Holy Land."
"Subordinate obeys!" Temple Master Shen hurriedly nodded.
"Okay, if there's anything, you can find me directly." The middle-aged man glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently.
After saying this, Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He directly led Luo Zheng away.
Although Luo Zheng didn't talk much with the middle-aged man, it made Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He even more shocked.
Their Holy Lord was a Sector Lord level existence. He was one of the top experts in the entire Spirit Martial World. Although he didn't seize the authority of a Sector Lord, his strength didn't lose to any Sector Lord.
But today, the Holy Lord was so amiable. He allowed them to take Luo Zheng to apply for a nameplate. He even told Luo Zheng to find him directly if there was anything!
Just who was behind Luo Zheng …
Originally, Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He guessed that Luo Zheng might be related to one of the Elders. But now, it seemed that the "big shot" behind him had an even bigger background than the Holy Lord. Otherwise, the Holy Lord wouldn't give Luo Zheng face.
One must know that the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall was the core of the Spirit Martial Holy Land!
Only the most outstanding disciples in the Spirit Martial Holy Land had the qualifications to enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall to cultivate.
Temple Master Shen and Temple Master He were originally from the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. Even if they weren't the most outstanding existences, they were qualified for the position of Temple Master.
This kind of place would only allow the most talented core disciples to enter. But now, Luo Zheng didn't seem to be a member of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. This kind of "outsider" couldn't be allowed to enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. But now that the Holy Lord had spoken, there was no problem.