Luo Zheng was only staying in the Lingwu Holy Land for a short while. He wasn't particularly interested in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall.
However, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't refuse the other party's kindness.
After Luo Zheng left, the Holy Lord of the Lingwu Holy Land gently clapped his hands. From the side of the main hall, two old men stepped on the air and arrived.
"Holy Lord, what's the matter?" The old man asked.
The Holy Lord immediately said, "Inform Yulong to challenge this brat and test his strength."
The two old men revealed strange expressions. One of them asked curiously, "Holy Lord, you want Sima Yulong to challenge this brat?"
"Hehe, I'm afraid this brat isn't qualified?" The other old man said disdainfully.
The Holy Lord nodded, "Yulong has already broken through the ninth tribulation. As for the legendary tenth tribulation, it's hard to say now. Luo Zheng has only broken through the fifth minor tribulation. There's indeed a gap between their cultivation bases. However … there must be a reason why this brat was chosen by the Alliance. If Yulong can defeat this brat, I'll be able to open my mouth and send him to the Alliance."
Hearing the Holy Lord's words, the two old men revealed an incredulous expression. "Holy Lord, you're saying this ascender was chosen by the Alliance?"
The Holy Lord nodded with a puzzled expression, "This ascender is somewhat special, but it's not enough for the Alliance to pay attention to. I can't figure it out either … However, it won't be long before the Alliance takes this brat away. I want Yulong to challenge this brat and then recommend him to the Alliance. If Yulong can join the Alliance, it'll be greatly beneficial for him."
After hearing this, the two old men's eyes suddenly flashed. They said almost simultaneously, "Holy Lord is wise!"
Sima Yulong was the most outstanding genius of the Lingwu Holy Land's younger generation. The entire Lingwu Holy Land had high hopes for him!
Although he hadn't broken through to the Divine Sea Realm, he had already broken through the ninth minor tribulation!
In the whole universe, most of the Life and Death Realm warriors would have broken through to the Spirit Sea Realm by the fifth or sixth minor tribulation. Some outstanding warriors would have to go through seven minor tribulations. As for geniuses, they would have to go through eight minor tribulations. As for those who had to go through nine minor tribulations, they were extremely rare!
The more minor heavenly tribulations one overcame, the greater one's future potential would be.
This Sima Yulong had already broken through the ninth minor heavenly tribulation, but he still hadn't opened up a divine sea. It was very likely that he would attract the legendary tenth minor heavenly tribulation!
Not only that, when Sima Yulong went through the first minor tribulation, his lotus flower had already opened. When he went through the ninth minor tribulation not long ago, his lotus flower had already opened seven leaves!
This was also the reason why the Sacred Lord placed so much importance on this matter.
However, the entire Great Alliance controlled 3,000 Great Worlds. Sima Yulong was naturally the core of the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary. However, with so many Great Worlds competing, it would be difficult for the Sacred Master to send Sima Yulong into the Great Alliance.
In contrast, this Luo Zheng was a mere Ascendant. He had just ascended, but he was actually selected by the Great Alliance. This naturally made the Sacred Lord feel somewhat unbalanced.
In front of Luo Zheng, the Sacred Lord naturally wouldn't show any expression on his face. However, he had already made plans in his heart. This was also the reason why the Sacred Lord was willing to make an exception and let Luo Zheng enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall.
The Myriad Spirit Martial Hall was the place that all the warriors in the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary yearned to enter.
However, ordinary warriors couldn't join it at all. The number of warriors in the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary was probably more than a billion, but only a mere 9,000 people could enter the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall! For every person who entered, there had to be a person who came out. There couldn't be more or less.
Those sixth and seventh grade aristocratic families would do anything to send their disciples into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. After all, once they entered the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, their future was almost limitless.
However, the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall had made an exception today. There was actually one more person in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, making it 901 people!
Moreover, this extra guy was actually an ascender!
This news spread like wildfire in the Sacred City. It was unknown how many warriors were envious of it.
There was once a seventh grade aristocratic family that was the wealthiest family in the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary. The entire Spiritual Martial Sanctuary had 4,800 mineral veins, and this aristocratic family controlled more than 2,000 mineral veins. In order to send a genius from their family into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, they directly threw out millions of Zhen Yuanyu!
One could imagine how the other warriors would feel if they made an exception for this Ascendant.
However, although everyone felt extremely unhappy in their hearts, when they heard that it was the Sacred Lord's personal order, no one dared to say anything.
In the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, there were all kinds of cultivation techniques and inheritances. Furthermore, there was a Spirit Gathering Array that the Sacred Lord had personally set up. The purity of the Zhen Yuanyu's Zhen Yuanyu was astonishing. In addition, there were also Spiritual Item Manuals, high-grade Law Stone Tablets, and …
There were all sorts of benefits. Some martial artists stubbornly believed that entering the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall to cultivate would allow them to advance at a tremendous pace, allowing them to be reborn!
In any case, this was a legendary cultivation holy land.
Therefore, the moment Luo Zheng stepped into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he was destined to attract all kinds of envy and jealousy.
Many aristocratic families were also secretly observing this Ascendant, wondering if they should rope him in. After all, the 9,000 geniuses in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall all had their own affiliations. They either came from aristocratic families or were direct descendants of the Elders of the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary. As for Luo Zheng, he was just an Ascendant who had jumped out from some unknown corner.
However, when Luo Zheng stepped into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he did something extremely inconceivable.
The Myriad Spirit Martial Hall in front of him was indeed extraordinary. As a cultivation holy land in the Upper Realm, it was definitely several levels higher than the Central Domain and the Divine Kingdom Continent. The Heaven Earth Yuan Qi that spread out from this holy land was rich and pure, but it did not benefit him much.
From the beginning, Luo Zheng's Body Refining Dao had embarked on an extraordinary path, which was to use his own body as a weapon to cultivate.
After cultivating the Primal Chaos Secret Technique in the Immortal Mansion, he could be considered to have abandoned the True Essence system. The True Essence in his Dantian was completely replaced by Primal Chaos Qi.
Ordinary cultivation methods were almost useless to Luo Zheng.
Previously, he could not refuse the Spiritual Martial Sanctuary's Holy Lord. Since he was told to wait in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he could only wait.
Therefore, after stepping into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, Luo Zheng found a corner, sat down cross-legged, and closed his eyes to meditate.
As for Hall Master He and Hall Master Shen, who had led Luo Zheng into the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, they were dumbfounded. Along the way, the two of them had bragged to Luo Zheng for a long time about the various benefits of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. Where did this weirdo come from? Was he not interested in these things?
"This … Luo Zheng, the Cultivation Secret Realm in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall is very useful for Life and Death Realm martial artists …" Hall Master He could not help but remind him.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, "I appreciate Hall Master He's kindness, but Luo Zheng has his own plans on the path of cultivation."
The two Hall Masters knew that they could not persuade Luo Zheng. This time, by sending Luo Zheng to the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, their task was completed. As for other matters, they had nothing to do with them, so they bid farewell and left.
Luo Zheng sat in the corner and cultivated, but the bystanders were not pleased with him.
"This kid is most likely showing off! Entering a treasure mountain and returning empty-handed, hehe, even if you beat me to death, I won't believe it. Most likely, in less than a day, he will eagerly apply for the right to use the Cultivation Secret Realm! "
"Most likely. Our Holy Lord is willing to make an exception for a small ascender. This kindness is greater than the heavens, but he still wants to put on airs …"
"I really want to teach this guy a lesson!"
Luo Zheng did not know that just by sitting here, he had already infuriated countless people.
However, there was no one to disturb his cultivation. There were not many cultivators in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. At most, those who came and went only glanced at Luo Zheng before hurriedly leaving.
Unknowingly, three days passed.