Seeing that Luo Zheng really had no intention of entering the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall to cultivate, those people changed their words.
"Is this guy stupid?"
"He's so conceited. Does he think that our Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall can't give him anything?"
"Since when can an ascender from the lower realms be so arrogant? Bastard!"
This kind of discussion spread in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall and even spread to the Holy City.
Many warriors in the Spirit Martial Hall knew that an awesome ascender had appeared in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. It seemed that he didn't even care about the Holy Land that they yearned for.
Because of this, everyone became even more angry with Luo Zheng. At first, everyone thought that Luo Zheng was pretending. Now, they felt that he had hurt their feelings.
On the sixth day, a group of warriors appeared in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall.
Luo Zheng had seen this group of warriors before. It was the group of young warriors that had clashed with Luo Zheng when he had just entered the Holy City.
The two warriors in the lead had been violently attacked by Luo Zheng. They had been knocked half-dead by Luo Zheng and had barely recovered after recuperating for a few days.
Most of the warriors in this group were direct disciples of the Holy Land's Elders. Their talents were not bad, but each of them had a flamboyant personality. When they heard that a weirdo had appeared in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall and seemed to look down on this place, how could they let such a thing go?
When the two of them had recovered, the group returned to the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. They were also members of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall.
According to the rumors, they found a guy sitting in the corner, meditating with his eyes closed. However, when they swept their eyes over Luo Zheng's face, they were all shocked.
"How could it be this guy!"
"Hmph, it's really like searching high and low. I didn't expect this guy to enter the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall!"
"What do we do now? Do we directly capture this kid? "
After the conflict with Luo Zheng that day, these people had investigated Luo Zheng's identity. However, the Holy City was so big that it wasn't easy to find Luo Zheng!
Naturally, they had never imagined that the arrogant ascender of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall was actually that kid …
"He's actually an ascender? What a joke!"
"Don't be careless. This brat's strength is really strange. I think we should invite someone to deal with him!"
"I'll go look for him! I think Tie Feiyu is not bad … Hehe! "
Even if they didn't have the previous conflict, they would definitely find trouble with Luo Zheng this time. Since they found out that he was the same person as the previous person, they naturally wanted to settle the old and new grudges together.
However, the strength that Luo Zheng had displayed had indeed made them somewhat fearful. After thinking about it, they could only ask for help.
As for Tie Feiyu, he was ranked in the top 100 among the 9,000 people in the Myriad Spirits Hall. His strength was unquestionable.
Asking Tie Feiyu for help was a little troublesome, and he would probably have to pay a price. But what was a mere price? For this group of playboys, face was the most important thing.
Therefore, they retreated for the time being.
However, their words were transmitted to Luo Zheng's ears without missing a single word.
He closed his eyes tightly, but the corners of his mouth curled up. Luo Zheng had long understood that blindly enduring was useless. Since this group of people was determined to make some noise, if he didn't take action, he was afraid that he would be letting them down.
A day later, the group of warriors returned, but this time, they were followed by a dark-skinned warrior.
This warrior also looked to be in his early twenties. There was a hint of ruthlessness between his eyebrows, and there were three blood-colored scars on his face, giving him a ferocious temperament.
When the group of young warriors stopped, the dark-skinned warrior walked out and walked towards Luo Zheng.
"I heard a few days ago that an Ascender joined the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. When I heard that he looked down on our Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he holed himself up here and cultivated alone?" The warrior said coldly to Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng opened his eyes, but the expression on his face was very indifferent. "It has nothing to do with looking down on us. I'm just waiting for someone in the Spirit Martial Holy Land. Naturally, I won't train in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall."
"Waiting for someone? Hehe. "This answer naturally didn't satisfy the dark-skinned warrior. He stared at Luo Zheng and continued," If you're waiting for someone, then so be it. Since that's the case, do you want to spar with me? " Speaking up to here, the warrior's eyes revealed a trace of craftiness. He didn't directly challenge Luo Zheng, but asked Luo Zheng to spar with him. He was afraid that Luo Zheng would refuse. After all, in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, he couldn't force people. If Luo Zheng didn't agree, there was nothing he could do.
Luo Zheng glanced at the dark-skinned warrior and said indifferently, "Spar with you?"
"Yes!" The warrior nodded with a smile.
Luo Zheng shook his head.
The warrior's face darkened. "What? You don't dare? "
As for the group of young cultivators behind him, they became even more displeased. They had spent a great deal of money to invite Tie Feiyu. If Luo Zheng refused, they wouldn't spit out the things they had given to Tie Feiyu.
"It's not that I don't dare," Luo Zheng looked up at the dark-skinned youth and said with a smile, "It's that you're not qualified!"
The moment he said this, Tie Feiyu's face, which was originally as dark as charcoal, suddenly turned completely red. It was as if his face was a piece of burning black iron!
Tie Feiyu was a genius ranked in the top 100 of the Spirit Martial Holy Land. When he crossed his tribulation, he had already opened his Lotus Flower and three Lotus Leaves!
More importantly, he had already stepped into the Divine Sea Realm. Although he had just entered the Divine Sea Realm, with his strength, ordinary Divine Sea Realm warriors weren't his match!
Now, a Life and Death Realm kid was telling him that he wasn't qualified? There was no justice in this world … Tie Feiyu almost choked when he heard this.
Although Tie Feiyu was strong, he was a bit of a loner. He couldn't come up with any words to refute Luo Zheng. Just like this, he stared at Luo Zheng as if he wanted to swallow him whole …
As for the young warriors behind Tie Feiyu, they had already started cursing.
"Do you have any shame? Is it something a Life and Death Realm kid like you can say? "
"Do you think this is the lower realm? The geniuses of our Spirit Martial Holy Land aren't existences you can imagine! "
"It's fine if you don't have the guts to accept the challenge, but you actually used this reason to refuse. Your skin is too thick …"
Right now, it wasn't just these playboys who were angry. The other geniuses of the Spirit Martial Holy Land in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall were also angry. Luo Zheng looked down on Tie Feiyu, who was ranked in the top 100 of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. This was equivalent to looking down on all the geniuses of the Spirit Martial Holy Land.
Tie Feiyu, who had been holding back for a long time, finally made a move. He suddenly took a few deep breaths, seemingly adjusting his state of mind in a short time. Then, he said to Luo Zheng, "Whether you are qualified or not, you must accept my challenge. Otherwise, don't blame me for making a move here!"
Nothing could be accomplished without rules. Naturally, the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall was not a place where one could casually make a move. However, all the martial artists in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, including the mentors in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, were very unhappy with Luo Zheng. Even if Tie Feiyu broke the rules, no one would punish him.
Tie Feiyu's words might not be sharp enough, but he wasn't stupid. Of course, he could understand these details.
However, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I said you are not qualified. Naturally, you are not qualified. If you make a move against me, you will definitely be humiliated. So, I am doing this for your own good. Are you sure you want to make a move against me?"
These words made Tie Feiyu almost vomit blood again. He felt that he couldn't talk to Luo Zheng anymore, so he decisively circulated his True Essence to force Luo Zheng to make a move.
Who knew that at this moment, a warrior in white floated over and said softly, "Junior Brother Tie, you … are indeed not qualified to challenge Luo Zheng."
"Senior Brother Yulong!"
"Sima Yulong is here!"
"Is he also here for Luo Zheng?"
Sima Yulong was the number one genius in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. He deserved to be number one because the gap between him and the number two was unimaginable.
＝＝＝＝＝