If the geniuses of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall were divided into several tiers, the first tier would be the first tier.
Then the second rank to the hundredth rank would be the second rank, and the first rank would only have Sima Yulong!
More importantly, Sima Yulong had yet to break through to the Divine Sea Realm! Moreover, he had already gone through nine minor tribulations!
When Luo Zheng swallowed the Calamity Flower, Qinglong told Luo Zheng that the Calamity Flower was a very rare treasure for warriors. Moreover, it only appeared in the lower realms. It was a special benefit for warriors in the lower realms.
After swallowing the Calamity Flower, the warrior would be forced to go through nine rounds of Life and Death Calamity!
Once a warrior entered the Life and Death Realm, it was not better to enter the Divine Sea Realm as soon as possible. On the contrary, the more minor tribulations one experienced, the stronger one's foundation would be!
Sima Yulong's nine minor tribulations was already a rare existence. However, the entire Spiritual Martial Saint Land was looking forward to Sima Yulong's tenth minor tribulation!
It was said that those who could go through ten minor tribulations in the Life and Death Realm had a high chance of becoming a Heavenly Lord!
Sima Yulong was nurtured by the Spiritual Martial Saint Land. If a Heavenly Lord appeared in the Spiritual Martial Saint Land, how glorious would that be?
Right now, the Spiritual Martial Saint Land could only be ranked third in the Spiritual Martial World. Most of the time, they were pushed aside by the other two Saint Lands. If Sima Yulong soared, then all the warriors in the Spiritual Martial Saint Land would benefit from his glory.
Once Sima Yulong spoke, Tie Feiyu had nothing to say.
In the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, Sima Yulong was the real number one. Many times, his words were even more effective than those of the Hall Masters.
Now that he said he was not qualified, then Tie Feiyu was not qualified!
The others were also silent, but a trace of confusion could be seen in their eyes.
Why? Why was Tie Feiyu not qualified?
This Luo Zheng was only a Life and Death Realm warrior, and he could not be compared to Senior Brother Yulong!
Their Senior Brother Yulong was a genius among geniuses. It was because he was waiting for the tenth minor tribulation that he did not reach the Divine Sea Realm. As long as he wanted to, he could reach the Divine Sea Realm at any time.
Who was this Luo Zheng?
He was only at the fifth layer of Life and Death Realm. If one were to casually search the Holy City, one would be able to find hundreds of thousands of people like him.
None of them dared to refute Sima Yulong's words. Sima Yulong was a super genius nurtured by the entire Spiritual Martial Holy Place. His words were the golden rule and there was no room for doubt.
Sima Yulong slowly walked towards Luo Zheng. He calmly sized up Luo Zheng and said, "I, Sima Yulong, would like to challenge you."
When everyone saw Sima Yulong come out and agree with Luo Zheng's words, they were all very dissatisfied. But they never thought that Senior Brother Yulong would directly challenge Luo Zheng!
This was even harder for them to accept than Sima Yulong's first words.
In their opinion, Luo Zheng was not qualified to make Sima Yulong take action!
To deal with Luo Zheng, any one of the top 100 warriors in the Martial Arts Hall would be enough. Even if Luo Zheng had some skills, the second ranked genius, Han Tian, would be enough to deal with him. If Sima Yulong were to deal with him personally, it would be a disgrace to the reputation of the Spirit Martial Holy Land.
Even if Sima Yulong won, there was nothing to say. Winning against Luo Zheng was a matter of course for Sima Yulong.
Luo Zheng looked at Sima Yulong with a trace of respect in his eyes. Although this guy was only at the Life and Death Realm, Luo Zheng felt that he was not ordinary.
However, he was still unwilling to accept the challenge, "I came here to wait for someone, not to exchange pointers."
"Hehe, you don't dare?"
"Why didn't you say that Senior Brother Yulong is not qualified this time?"
"Arrogance always comes with a price! If you don't dare to accept the challenge, then kneel on the ground and kowtow thirty thousand times, no, three hundred thousand times! "
Although they were extremely unhappy with Sima Yulong personally challenging Luo Zheng, the martial artists of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall saw Luo Zheng refuse the challenge and thought that he had made a fool of himself. They all felt a little happy in their hearts.
Sima Yulong said indifferently, "You can't refuse."
"Why?" Luo Zheng was also curious. Luo Zheng didn't feel that this guy in front of him was an unreasonable guy.
Sima Yulong continued, "Because this is the Holy Lord's order. He wants me to challenge you."
Sima Yulong was very calm. He didn't need to lie. Since it was the Holy Lord's order, he had to tell Luo Zheng.
"The Holy Lord wants Sima Yulong to challenge Luo Zheng? What's going on? "
"Why …"
"Who the hell is this Luo Zheng? Even the Holy Lord himself gave the order …"
The surrounding people once again burst into an uproar.
Luo Zheng was also a little confused. The Holy Lord seemed to be a good person. Could it be that he arranged for him to stay in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall temporarily so that this person could challenge him? What was his purpose?
Seeing the expression on Luo Zheng's face, Sima Yulong said indifferently, "I know that the Holy Lord is doing this for my own good. He wants to recommend me to the Alliance, and you have already been appointed by the Alliance. Defeating you is an opportunity for me to prove my strength! This is the Holy Lord's purpose. "
"Alliance …" Hearing this, Luo Zheng understood. Someone in the Alliance had appointed him, and the Holy Lord was actually planning this? With that said, the logic was immediately straightened out by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't have much of an opinion about the Alliance.
As for the other geniuses of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, when they heard this, a storm was set off in their hearts!
Tie Feiyu and those hedonistic young masters who clashed with Luo Zheng immediately understood why Luo Zheng looked down on the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall …
It turned out that this guy had already been appointed by the Alliance!
"This, this … Why?! Why?! "
"Why is he so lucky? What qualifications does an ascender have to enter the Alliance?"
"Sigh, no wonder the Holy Lord gave such an order. Even a genius like Sima Yulong isn't qualified to enter, but this guy has been appointed. I don't want to talk anymore. Don't talk to me!"
Those geniuses felt even more unbalanced in their hearts.
Luo Zheng didn't know what the Alliance was, but they knew it very well.
In fact, the Alliance was just a general name.
This Alliance was a major force of the Human Clan that was established by Heavenly Venerable Shen Yu, the Heavenly Alliance!
The Heavenly Alliance united 3,000 Great Worlds and was one of the top forces in the entire universe.
In fact, the Spiritual Martial Holy Land was also a member of the Heavenly Alliance, and the Spiritual World was one of the 3,000 Great Worlds of the Heavenly Alliance.
As warriors of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, they naturally belonged to the Heavenly Alliance.
However, all the Great Worlds, including the Spiritual World, were only outer Great Worlds of the Heavenly Alliance.
Just like what Sima Yulong said, joining the Alliance was actually joining one of the Thirteen Inner Palaces!
Each of the Thirteen Palaces occupied a Great World, and the Palace Masters were actually Realm Lords. However, the status of these Realm Lords was much higher than the Realm Lords of other Great Worlds!
After all, the Thirteen Palaces were the leaders of the 3,000 Great Worlds!
Being able to join the Thirteen Palaces was considered the best Martial Holy Land in the universe.
Of course, the difficulty of joining them was unimaginable …
The geniuses of the 13 palaces were almost all monstrous existences. They were all famous geniuses in the universe. They were either descendants of Empyreans, descendants of World Lords, or martial artists with special constitutions that were rarely seen in tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of years.
Luo Zheng was actually appointed by the Thirteen Palaces? What the hell is going on?
Those warriors didn't dare to be envious anymore. This was something that couldn't be envied. However, they were filled with hatred for Luo Zheng. The reason for this hatred was simple and direct. It was the nature of living beings.
I don't have what you have, so I hate you …
Why is it that you, an ascender from some unknown lower realm, can be selected to join the Alliance's Thirteen Palaces?