Hearing Sima Yulong's words, Luo Zheng suddenly clapped his hands.
There were not many people who could have such a mentality. Luo Zheng naturally appreciated Sima Yulong's mentality.
This was the mentality of a true powerhouse.
Luo Zheng didn't know what this alliance was, but judging from the expressions of the people of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, it should be a good place in the upper world.
But for a martial artist to stand tall in the world, at the very least, he must believe in himself!
Gold would shine wherever it was. If there was a shortcut, it would be good. But if he was completely constrained by external objects and the help of others, he would be putting the cart before the horse.
"You're right, I agree with you," Luo Zheng stood up and smiled.
Sima Yulong said indifferently, "I don't need your approval."
"Indeed, but I accept your challenge!" Luo Zheng smiled.
"Very good, I also admire your courage," Sima Yulong nodded.
He never thought that he would lose. Even though he was only in the Life and Death Realm, he had actually broken through nine minor Heavenly Tribulations. Although he hadn't opened up a Spirit Sea, his strength was far beyond that of an ordinary Spirit Sea Realm martial artist.
If he lost to Luo Zheng, a fifth level Life and Death Realm martial artist, it wouldn't make sense. Even if Luo Zheng was appointed by the Heaven Alliance and had some skills, it wasn't a problem for Sima Yulong.
"He agreed! This kid actually agreed! "
"Hahaha, although it makes me very unhappy to let Senior Brother Yulong challenge this kid, I'm still very happy to see Senior Brother Yulong beat this kid!"
"Hehe, he's still so calm now. It'll be interesting to see when Senior Brother Yulong beats him until he begs for his grandpa and grandma!"
The other martial artists of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall suddenly became excited. They naturally knew that another good show was about to take place.
This person who ascended from the lower world didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth, but how could these geniuses of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall not know? Not only Sima Yulong was very confident in himself, but they were also very confident in Senior Brother Yulong. This confidence had reached the point of blindness.
"In that case, this way please!" Sima Yulong waved his hand and said.
Luo Zheng then left the corner …
Since he entered the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, this was the first time he had moved his seat …
Luo Zheng followed Sima Yulong as they walked through the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. Behind them, the mighty group had already gathered.
"Closed Door cultivation? Hurry up and come out! Senior Brother Yulong is about to attack! "
"Opponent? Yes, Senior Brother Senior Brother Yulong is is going to teach a lesson! "
"There's a good show? I'll come! "
At this time, the Yue,, the Spirit Sect's Yin Yue's and Yue Yue Zheng Yue ''s and's.
Some of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall disciples who were cultivating in the secret realm also left the secret realm and rushed over.
As for those disciples who were in closed door cultivation, they also hurriedly ended their seclusion and rushed over.
The cultivators staying in the Holy City were the most anxious. The Holy City was simply too large, so they couldn't rush over in a short period of time. They could only look for the nearest Transmission Array and use it to rush over. As they rushed back, they prayed in their hearts that Senior Brother Yulong would go easy on them and that the Ascendant would be slightly stronger and be able to resist for a little longer …
Luo Zheng followed Sima Yulong. The number of people in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall's team was also increasing. At the beginning, there were only a hundred people, but it quickly increased to a thousand, then two thousand, three thousand, and even four thousand …
Luo Zheng looked at the huge team behind him. All of them were in the Spirit Sea Realm, and only a few were in the Life and Death Realm. He was speechless. Even a small matter in the Upper World could cause such a big commotion. This was indeed an eye-opener for Luo Zheng.
After entering the depths of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, Sima Yulong brought Luo Zheng to a large hall.
"I'm afraid it's not appropriate for us to exchange pointers in this hall." Although the hall in front of Luo Zheng was spacious, when cultivators of their level exchanged pointers, they often had the power to topple mountains and overturn seas. It wouldn't take more than a few moves to flip the roof.
However, Luo Zheng didn't know that his words had caused the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall's cultivators behind him to burst into laughter.
"Sure enough, he's a country bumpkin from the Lower World!"
"He doesn't even know about the Illusory Space!"
"Ah, so this guy is ignorant. After all, he came from a small place. What knowledge can he have?"
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng curled his lips and then smiled indifferently.
Sima Yulong didn't make fun of Luo Zheng. Instead, he pointed to the two diamond-shaped jade talismans floating in the hall and said, "This is the Dragon Tiger Palace Hall. It's also the place where our Myriad Spirit Martial Hall's cultivators exchange pointers. In this Dragon Tiger Palace Hall, there's a Illusory Space that can project our reflections. Because it's a pure reflection, all of our weapons, treasures, and Cultivation Methods are completely copied inside. If we exchange pointers like this, we can show our strength, but we won't get injured."
Hearing Sima Yulong's explanation, Luo Zheng suddenly realized, "Is this an Illusory Array?"
Sima Yulong thought for a moment, then nodded and said, "You can understand it that way, but this Illusory Space is different from an Illusory Array."
In fact, an Illusory Array used an Array to create illusions, and the cultivator's own body was inside the Illusory Array. As for the Illusory Space, it actually used the fifth layer of the Space Law's "Refraction" ability to project the cultivator's own reflection inside. It was like looking into a mirror, completely copying the cultivator and entering the Illusory Space to fight. Moreover, the cultivator's own weapons and other things would all be retained.
From this point of view, the Illusory Space was naturally much more complicated than an Illusory Array!
Sima Yulong didn't want to explain too much to Luo Zheng. It was fine to reluctantly describe it as an Illusory Array.
"Then how do we start?" Luo Zheng asked.
Sima Yulong waved his hand, and the two diamond-shaped jade talismans floating in the Dragon Tiger Palace Hall quietly fluttered over. Then, he stretched out his hand and gently pushed the diamond-shaped jade talismans towards Luo Zheng.
"Pour your True Essence into it and you can enter the Illusory Space," Sima Yulong said.
But at this time, Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of hesitation. If he entered the Illusory Space, then everything about him would be copied. Wouldn't that expose some of his secrets? Luo Zheng knew that there were some secrets that couldn't be exposed no matter what!
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Sima Yulong thought for a moment and actually guessed his thoughts. Then, he said, "This reflection only uses the Space Law. It doesn't copy your body after understanding you, so it won't remember any of your secrets. It's like looking into a mirror …"
A mirror could clearly reflect a person's face, but it couldn't remember the person's face.
This analogy dispelled Luo Zheng's doubts, but it was this hesitation that immediately attracted countless mouthfuls of saliva.
"This ascender is still so cautious, afraid that his secrets will be exposed, hehe."
"I really don't know how much his secrets are worth …"
"The poor often prefer to hide their secrets. You'll get used to it!"
But how could they know that Luo Zheng's concerns were reasonable?
Not to mention the cauldron in his mind and not to mention the Heavenly Dao fragment, if this Roaring Command were to be exposed, it would likely attract endless trouble.
A Roaring Command that could be used without limit, perhaps even an Empyrean powerhouse would go crazy. Luo Zheng naturally had his reasons for being so cautious.
As for these words, Luo Zheng was too lazy to care about them. After feeling relieved, he activated the diamond-shaped jade talisman.
"Hu hu …"
The moment Luo Zheng activated the diamond-shaped jade talisman, he suddenly discovered that he had sunk into another space.
However, this wasn't really him entering another space. In fact, his original body was still standing in the Dragon Tiger Temple. The current him was an identical body created through the reflection!
"This Illusory Space is interesting. I can fight in this space with all my strength. Even if I die, it's just a projection. This way, not only can I avoid casualties, but I can also fight with all my strength!"
Luo Zheng faintly smiled and glanced around. This space was incomparably vast, with no end in sight. Sima Yulong's figure also quietly appeared, quietly standing not far away. His reflection had also entered this Illusory Space.