Sima Yulong floated quietly in this space. His expression was still indifferent, but there was a dark red jade sword in his hand.
"Actually, I can also refuse the Holy Lord's proposal," Sima Yulong said, and then gently waved the jade sword in his hand. "I chose to challenge you not only to deal with the Holy Lord's request, but also because I want to prove something to the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance."
"What do you want to prove?" Luo Zheng asked.
Sima Yulong thought for a moment and then said, "Prove that their choice is wrong."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. He also took out his Upper Grade Sacred Weapon and held it horizontally in front of his chest. "Then let's prove it!"
When Sima Yulong saw Luo Zheng's Sacred Weapon, a strange expression appeared on his face. "Sacred Weapon?"
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's nothing. It's normal that you can't get your own divine weapon since you've just ascended …" Sima Yulong put away the dark red jade sword in his hand and took out a light green jade sword. "I have two swords. The one just now was a Secondary Grade One divine weapon called the Mountain and Stream Sword. If I use this sword to fight you, I won't win honorably. This jade sword is a Secondary Grade Three divine weapon. Although it's a divine weapon, it's only one grade higher than your high-grade divine weapon. This is still somewhat unfair, but I don't have any divine weapons, so I can only apologize."
"Lower Grade Sacred Weapon? Lower Grade Sacred Weapon? "Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of puzzlement.
At this time, many warriors of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall in the Dragon Tiger Palace were suddenly overjoyed. Through a letter tablet in the Dragon Tiger Palace, they could see the scene in the Illusory Space. Of course, the sound was transmitted simultaneously.
"I've already said that ascenders are genuine country bumpkins!"
"I guess this guy has never seen a Divine Weapon!"
"It's possible. It's very difficult to find a Weapon Refiner in the Mortal World who can forge a Divine Weapon!"
Of course, Luo Zheng had seen Divine Weapons before, and he had seen many of them.
However, Luo Zheng had never seriously thought about the grades of Divine Weapons. He originally thought that Divine Weapons and Sacred Weapons were divided into three grades, Upper, Middle, and Lower.
In fact, Divine Weapons were not divided in this way!
The grades of Divine Artifacts could be roughly divided into three grades. In other words, High Grade Divine Artifacts were one grade above High Grade Divine Artifacts. In fact, in the four Divine Kingdoms, High Grade Divine Artifacts were considered Demigod Artifacts!
Third Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, Second Grade, First Grade, First Grade, and finally Supreme Divine Weapons!
Sima Yulong's dark red Jiang Shan Sheji Sword was a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon. It was also considered an extremely powerful treasure. However, the truly powerful weapons in the universe were the ones that left their names on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele!
The top 3,000 of the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele were basically dominated by Supreme Artifacts. As for the 3,000th to 10,000th place, they were all Grade One Divine Artifacts.
........... was was''s's..... Luo Luo Zheng's... was to explain to him to Luo to him.....
.... He had a Supreme Divine Weapon, but it was not very effective against enemies. Moreover, the Black Star Pickaxe was not suitable for him to show. At least, Luo Zheng's current strength was not enough to protect his weapon. Otherwise, it would inevitably attract the attention of some super experts.
"Now that you've said so much, it's time to make a move." Sima Yulong smiled. Then, a majestic wind swirled around him.
"The Wind Elemental Law, Level Four Wind Elemental Law." Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly narrowed.
"Yes, I have a very regretful thing, that is, my affinity with the Law of Space is not high," Sima Yulong said. His figure suddenly flashed, and he disappeared in the wind. His voice was transmitted to Ye Xiwen's ears.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Since he could not see Sima Yulong, he released his perception and paid attention to every movement around him. "Everyone has a different affinity with the Power of Elemental Law. Can't you just cultivate the Law that you're good at to perfection?"
"You don't understand. In the Upper Realm, the Space Elemental Law and the Time Elemental Law are the foundation. The other Laws can be ignored, but it is necessary to cultivate these two Laws!"
At the same time, dozens of gusts of wind blew over and messed up Luo Zheng's hair. At this moment, a light green jade sword suddenly pierced out from the gusts of wind.
"Ding!"
The two swords collided. Sima Yulong's figure disappeared with the wind again. He smiled faintly and said, "Good reaction!"
Luo Zheng did not show any expression in response to Sima Yulong's praise. What he cared about was the previous question. "Is it very necessary?"
"Yes, I've gradually comprehended the first level of the Time Elemental Law, but only the second level of the Space Elemental Law. That's why I'm very distressed … The next sword will not be so easy to dodge." After saying that, gusts of wind swept over again. However, this time, the gusts of wind were even fiercer. It would be even more difficult to accurately find Sima Yulong's figure in these gusts of wind.
However, the long sword in Luo Zheng's hand still stabbed out at a crooked angle and blocked Sima Yulong's second sword with incomparable precision.
The two exchanged blows like this and even chatted casually. It was as if they were not fighting, but playing around …
"Huh?"
Only this time, Sima Yulong's face finally revealed a trace of confusion.
His first sword was just to test Luo Zheng, so he only used 30% of his strength. It was normal for Luo Zheng to casually parry his first sword.
However, he had already used the "49 Chaotic Wind Body Technique" for the second sword. Combined with his own hidden sword, this power was enough. According to Sima Yulong's judgment, Luo Zheng should be able to withstand this sword, but he was afraid that he would be somewhat embarrassed.
He was ready to use the third sword to destroy Luo Zheng's reflection in this illusory space.
However …
Luo Zheng was still calm. He even casually parried his second sword. At the same time, he asked, "I still don't understand. Is the Space Elemental Law and the Time Elemental Law something that geniuses in the Upper Realm must master?"
"Yes! They must be mastered. That's why I've been in seclusion during this period of time and have been painstakingly comprehending these two Elemental Laws. "Sima Yulong's voice continued to be transmitted through the fluttering wind.
This information was also very crucial to Luo Zheng.
The saying that time was king and space was supreme was not without reason.
These two Elemental Laws involved things that were too powerful. Let's talk about the Time Elemental Law first. When the other party changed the flow of time at will, they could move a hundred times faster than you. No matter how powerful your Wind Elemental Law was or how fast your body technique was, how could you escape the restrictions of time?
The way to resist the Time Elemental Law was to cultivate the Time Elemental Law yourself.
It was the same for the Space Elemental Law!
When two living beings were fighting, if they cultivated to a high level of the Space Elemental Law, the other party could teleport tens of thousands of miles away. There was no way to fight!
These two Elemental Laws were the foundation of the foundation. They were also compulsory courses for Upper Realm cultivators!
As Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong exchanged blows and conversed, the Dragon Tiger Palace was already in an uproar.
"I didn't expect this guy to block two of Senior Brother Yulong's swords!"
"Don't get excited. Senior Brother Yulong didn't use his full strength at all. Have you forgotten? Senior Brother Yulong uses three swords to defeat even the weakest opponent!"
"But this kid didn't use his full strength either! Look at him, he looks like he's fine. He's even asking questions! "
"Hmph, he's just pretending to be calm. I'm afraid he's scared to death!"
"Everyone, don't talk! Senior Brother Yulong is going to use his third sword … "
Someone in the Dragon Tiger Palace shouted, telling everyone to stop arguing. Sima Yulong had a habit. No matter who he sparred with, he would never use one move to defeat his opponent. The first sword was just a symbolic greeting. The second sword intent was to suppress. As for the third sword, it was when he used his true strength.
Over the years, Sima Yulong had fought countless enemies, but he had never broken this rule. Many cultivators in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall were naturally exceptions who had experienced Sima Yulong's third sword!
Therefore, some cultivators would use this "honor" to brag in front of outsiders, saying, "I'm the one who blocked Sima Yulong's first two swords …"
In the Illusory Space, a fierce aura was suddenly transmitted from the wildly surging gale. Luo Zheng faced the gale directly in front of him, and his expression became serious at the same time.
＝＝＝＝＝