Sima Yulong could be considered the first genius he fought after ascending to the Upper Realm.
The outcome of this battle had no effect on Luo Zheng, and death in the Dreamscape was not a big deal. However, it was a crucial guide for Luo Zheng's judgment.
Facing Sima Yulong's third sword, Luo Zheng was naturally very serious.
"Huff … huff … huff …"
In this boundless Dreamscape, hundreds of violent gales suddenly appeared and circled around Luo Zheng.
Immediately after, those invisible gales began to compress violently, forming an extremely strong spiral of wind in front of Luo Zheng. And this spiral of wind was plated with a layer of golden brilliance!
"The law of metal …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched slightly, "The perfect fusion of two laws?"
As the spiral of wind continued to merge, Sima Yulong's figure appeared once again. He no longer needed to hide his figure.
Sima Yulong was very surprised when Luo Zheng easily parried his second sword.
However, although this was unexpected, it was still reasonable.
He did not treat Luo Zheng as an ordinary ascender. Although he disdained the judgment of the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance, he believed that the Thirteen Palaces' judgment would not be so bad. This Luo Zheng should have some skills after all.
However, his evaluation of Luo Zheng was limited to "some skills". An opponent of this level was not enough for him to use his full strength. Luo Zheng could not block the third sword.
When the spiral of wind and the golden brilliance fused to the extreme, Sima Yulong stabbed his jade sword into the spiral of wind.
Although this jade sword was a Secondary Grade Three Divine Tool, it was still made of jade and its texture was extremely soft. After being stabbed, it was immediately crushed into powder by the spiral of wind that was compressed to the extreme!
However, after the jade sword was crushed, Sima Yulong held the sword hilt and smiled at Luo Zheng, "I think we should talk outside the Dreamscape …"
When the physical body in the Dreamscape was killed, Luo Zheng's reflection would disappear. In other words, Luo Zheng would definitely "die" under this sword.
"Sou!"
Without waiting for Luo Zheng's response, Sima Yulong gently lifted the sword hilt, and the shape of the wind suddenly changed from a ball to the "sword body" of his jade sword. Then, Sima Yulong stretched out two fingers and gently pointed at the "sword body", while his other hand waved vigorously.
"Phew …"
A wind blade flickering with golden light shot straight towards Luo Zheng!
"Golden Wind Blade!"
Luo Zheng's expression changed abruptly when he saw this scene.
Luo Zheng had seen this kind of golden wind blade before! In the center of the Chaotic Astral Ocean, there existed a large number of golden wind blades, and these golden wind blades seemed to have "intelligence."
The golden Wind Blades were many times more powerful than the black Wind Blades and the two-colored Wind Blades. Even if Luo Zheng used "Power Transfer", he still didn't dare to approach the golden Wind Blades.
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, the Law of Wind contained within the golden Wind Blade had probably reached an unimaginable level!
"No!"
In a flash, Luo Zheng immediately denied his judgment. The golden Wind Blade was only similar in appearance. The power contained within this sword should be far inferior to the golden Wind Blades in the Chaotic Astral Ocean.
This Sima Yulong was admittedly the number one genius of a tenth-rank Holy Land.
But in the Demi-Immortal Clan, which one of them wasn't a genius?
At that time, several God-Realm warriors of the Demi-Immortal Clan found it very difficult to deal with the black Wind Blade, let alone the two-colored Wind Blade and the golden Wind Blade …
It was impossible for Sima Yulong to have such terrifying strength. This simply didn't conform to common sense.
Thinking of this, the pressure in Luo Zheng's heart suddenly dissipated, and the chaotic energy in his body surged wildly!
In the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had also completed several types of Origin Source Laws. His affinity with all kinds of Laws was basically the highest, so it wasn't difficult for him to comprehend them. Before entering the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng had naturally made all the necessary preparations.
As Luo Zheng gently waved the long sword in his hand, a Wind Blade suddenly appeared on the blade and attached itself to the surface of the long sword. The cyan Wind Blade crazily revolved around the long sword. He actually wanted to use the Law of Wind to resist Sima Yulong's sword.
Seeing Luo Zheng display the Law of Wind, a trace of disdain flashed in the depths of Sima Yulong's eyes.
He was a warrior who majored in the Law of Wind, and the Law of Gold was his secondary cultivation. The cultivation method he cultivated just happened to be compatible with the Law of Wind. Seeing Luo Zheng display the Law of Wind, he naturally felt like he was showing off his slight skill in front of an expert.
The key point was that Luo Zheng seemed to be purely displaying the Law of Wind, and it was only at the third level. How could this level of power block his sword?
I overestimated you, Sima Yulong said inwardly.
As for the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall warriors in the Dragon Tiger Hall, they were all amused.
"Showing off your slight skill in front of an expert! You're asking for humiliation! "
"Ha ha ha! This kid is an ascender. It's already good that he can cultivate to the third level of the Law of Wind!"
"Let him resist in despair this time. When he comes out of the Fantasy Space, we'll humiliate him again!"
The martial artists outside the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall also roared with laughter.
As more and more people rushed back from the outside, even the huge Dragon Tiger Hall seemed crowded. There were probably six to seven thousand people in the three inner and three outer layers. The other warriors who hadn't rushed back were either unable to make it back in time or were in a very important seclusion and couldn't come out.
What these warriors didn't know was that even the Spirit Martial Sacred Land's Holy Master and a group of Elders were silently watching everything that was happening in the Fantasy Space.
However, unlike these warriors, the Holy Master and the other Elders also had puzzled looks on their faces.
"Elder Gong, what do you think?" the Holy Master asked as he watched the wind blade condensed by Luo Zheng in the Fantasy Space.
Elder Gong, who was also one of the Founding Elders of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land, said cautiously, "Strange, strange … This kid is indeed using the Law of Wind, and it's only at the third level. It's far inferior to Yulong's! But why do I feel that this wind blade is completely different from ordinary wind blades? "
The Holy Master nodded. "I thought I was the only one who had this misconception. Luo Zheng didn't use any secret technique. He just condensed the power of the Law of Wind purely with his True Essence. He … How did he do it?"
The Holy Master and the Elders had a keen sense of smell. The moment Luo Zheng condensed the wind blade, they had already noticed the abnormality.
It was just that they couldn't see where this abnormality came from!
Putting aside the fact that it was only the third level of the Law of Wind, the level of the Law of Wind was the key. However, the quality of the cultivation technique could also determine the power of the wind blade.
The problem was that they couldn't see what kind of move Luo Zheng had used. At best, they could only see that his swordsmanship was quite exquisite and strange …
However, this was also the mindset of the Holy Master and the Elders, so they couldn't see any clues.
This was because they didn't know that Luo Zheng hadn't used his True Essence at all. They also didn't know that in this universe, there was actually someone who could use Chaos Qi …
Luo Zheng indeed hadn't used any other cultivation technique. This was because the Chaos Qi that was circulating within his body was a cultivation technique, a cultivation technique that they had never heard of before.
Martial artists absorbed Heaven and Earth Origin Qi and transformed it into True Essence for their own use. This was borrowing the good fortune of Heaven and Earth for their own use, and then using the Laws to use True Essence to erupt with the greatest power of True Essence.
As for Chaos Qi, it was something even purer. It was the origin of the entire world. From the grass and trees to the mountains and rivers, everything was transformed from Chaos Qi. The power of the Law that erupted from it was incomparable to True Essence …
The pain that Luo Zheng had suffered in order to cultivate the "Secret Primal Chaos Technique" was unimaginable to ordinary people. However, the rewards that he would receive in the future were also unimaginable.
Sima Yulong's sword was so powerful that it seemed to be able to blow away an entire continent. If he hadn't used it in this illusory space, the entire Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall would've been destroyed by this sword.
In contrast, Luo Zheng's sword was much weaker. When this sword was brandished, a cyan wind blade condensed within the sword light.