In the Illusory Space, Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong maintained a certain distance.
Two wind blades, one large and one small, collided at this moment.
Regardless of power or size, these two Wind Blades were completely disproportionate. The one that Sima Yulong used contained the power of gold and iron. It was exceptionally sharp and seemed to be able to grind everything in the world into dust.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng's wind blade looked like an ordinary wind blade with only a small amount of Luo Zheng's sword light.
Therefore, in the eyes of the bystanders, it looked like a lion pouncing on a defenseless white rabbit. There was no suspense at all.
However, the moment the two wind blades collided, the entire Illusory Space resounded with a shrill sound that made one's teeth ache.
Over there, it was the sound of wind blades grinding against each other!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this moment, the power contained in Luo Zheng's cyan wind blade suddenly erupted.
The cyan wind blade was like a ferocious beast that had hidden its fangs. The moment it collided with the golden wind blade, it revealed its ferocious side.
In just an instant, the golden wind blade was completely defeated and swallowed up by Luo Zheng's golden wind blade. At the same time, its momentum did not decrease and it actually rolled back towards Sima Yulong!
"Crash …"
After seeing this scene, the cultivators of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall in the Dragon Tiger Temple fell silent for a moment before an uproar broke out.
"This, this, this is …"
"This doesn't make sense. How can Senior Brother Yulong's fourth level of the Law of Wind be defeated by a mere third level of the Law of Wind?"
"Not only that, but Senior Brother Yulong's cultivation method is also very special. Senior Brother Yulong has also comprehended the fourth level of the Law of Gold. When the two of them collide, the power of the two of them will be multiplied several times!"
In the midst of the uproar, the cultivators all opened their mouths wide. Some cultivators even rubbed their eyes hard as if they were seeing things!
At this moment, the Holy Lord of the Spirit Martial Holy Land suddenly stood up and stared blankly at the scene in the Illusory Space.
As for the other elders, their faces were also filled with silence.
"What's going on with this power of law?" The Holy Master frowned as he stared at the illusory space.
"It's a genuine third level Wind Law, but its power is not what a third level Wind Law should have!"
With the cultivation of the Holy Lord and the Elders, their control over the power of Laws had already reached the fifth level, or even the sixth level. They had already touched upon the threshold of the seventh level, so they knew the power of every level of the Wind Laws like the back of their hands. As for the other cultivation methods and martial skills, they could also calculate the power of Laws very accurately.
Therefore, in comparison, the shock that this scene brought to them was far greater than the shock of the geniuses in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall.
Elder Gong pondered for a long time and finally said with a frown, "Yes, it's the third level of the Law. However, Luo Zheng didn't use any martial skills. Even if he did, he wouldn't be able to exert such a strong power to resist Yulong's Golden Wind Chaotic Cloud Sword. This is simply impossible!"
Elder Gong used the word "impossible" to conclude Luo Zheng's sword. The problem was that this "impossible" scene had happened right under their noses.
However, at this moment, the Holy Lord slammed his palm on the wide purple-gold chair. The armrest of the chair instantly turned into dust. He had always been gentle and refined, but now he lost his composure and cursed, "Damn it, this is a loss!"
The other elders silently looked at the Holy Lord and sighed in their hearts. It was indeed a loss.
At the beginning, the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance had personally selected Luo Zheng and asked them to send this ascender over. At that time, the Holy Lord had also paid special attention to this matter.
This ascender had ascended from the Lingwu Holy Land and was taken over by the Thirteen Palaces. Generally speaking, this kind of thing would be very unpleasant to any Holy Land.
After all, there were also some geniuses among the ascenders who were worthy of being nurtured. Therefore, during the service in the mine, the cost of becoming an independent warrior was greater than the cost of joining the Lingwu Holy Land. Joining the Lingwu Holy Land only required 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. However, if one wanted to be completely independent, it would cost 200 pieces. The extra 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu was the price to pay for borrowing the Ascension Well. After all, the Lingwu Holy Land had built the Ascension Passage and dug many Ascension Wells to help the ascenders get used to the pressure of Heaven and Earth's Origin Qi. These were not given for free. There was a price to pay.
Countless Holy Lands in the Upper Realm did this.
After knowing that Luo Zheng had been selected, the Holy Lord had naturally observed this ascender. At that time, he did not see any clues. At most, this kid was born with divine strength. It was not enough for the Lingwu Holy Land to pay attention to him. Since the Thirteen Palaces wanted him, he would just treat it as a favor.
Therefore, the Holy Lord wanted Sima Yulong to challenge Luo Zheng. This was to give him an excuse to recommend Sima Yulong to the Thirteen Palaces.
The problem now was that the Holy Lord felt that he had suffered a great loss.
This Luo Zheng was indeed not an ordinary ascender. There was a reason why the Thirteen Palaces had selected him.
Of course, he could not refuse Luo Zheng being selected by the Thirteen Palaces. However, he could ask for great benefits from the Thirteen Palaces.
Now, the Holy Lord was incomparably conflicted. Now that he had seen Luo Zheng's strength, he could not get anything other than jealousy. After all, it was not very appropriate to ask the Thirteen Palaces for a large sum of money.
Therefore, he was naturally very depressed.
Elder Gong let out a long sigh and said, "However, we can use this opportunity to send Sima Yulong to the Thirteen Palaces."
Of course, the Holy Lord understood Elder Gong's words. In fact, he had thought of this a moment ago. If he sent this ascender to the Thirteen Palaces for free, along with Sima Yulong, the Alliance would definitely accept this favor.
In other words, Sima Yulong would definitely enter the Thirteen Palaces. But so what? The Holy Lord still felt that he had suffered a great loss. He could only make up for it a little. However, this little bit of compensation was like a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood. It was not worth it.
In the illusory space, after Luo Zheng's wind blade crushed Sima Yulong's Metal Wind Chaotic Cloud Sword, it continued to sweep towards Sima Yulong.
Sima Yulong never thought that he would lose to Luo Zheng. Therefore, when he saw the wind blade sweeping towards him, his always calm face was filled with astonishment. When the wind blade swept towards him, his figure suddenly flashed and he began to frantically retreat.
While retreating, the jade sword in his hand, which had already been crushed, began to condense again. At the same time, he slashed out five or six times in a row, gradually dispersing Luo Zheng's wind blade.
In this exchange, Sima Yulong did not suffer any substantial injuries. However, his heart of martial arts was greatly injured.
Sima Yulong's vision was very farsighted, and he was very broad-minded. However, this did not mean that he was not proud. Although such a proud person treated others kindly, it was because others had not touched the pride in the depths of his heart. In other words, they could not pose any threat to him. He was so proud that he disdained to show his pride.
But now, the pride in Sima Yulong's heart had been crushed by Luo Zheng's sword. His eyes were filled with confusion, and his mind was filled with the word 'why'. Luo Zheng's sword had directly disintegrated the ideas he had accumulated over so many years.
It was really too unreasonable …
However, at this moment, he suddenly stretched out his hand and bit his arm. This bite was extremely forceful, and blood instantly flowed out from the bite mark. The intense pain instantly cleared his mind. At this moment, the contempt he had for Luo Zheng in the depths of his heart had completely disappeared. It was replaced with respect, seriousness, and even a feeling of facing a formidable enemy.
"You are really strong."
"The Thirteen Palaces have good foresight. I was thinking too much before …"
"Among the younger generation of the Spirit Martial Holy Land, only you are worthy of my full strength."
After saying that, Sima Yulong took out the jade sword that he had previously stored in his Sumeru Space.
The Jiangshan Sheji Sword was a lower first-grade divine tool.