When he was in the four Divine Kingdoms, Luo Zheng had seen the power of the divine weapons in the hands of the Monarchs.
However, according to the Upper Realm's classification of divine weapons, the jade bracelet on Huo Yuner's body was a Secondary Grade Three divine weapon.
As for the divine weapons in the hands of the Monarchs, they were Secondary Grade Three divine weapons. Compared to Sima Yulong's Secondary Grade One divine weapon, there was a gap of Secondary Grade Two and Secondary Grade Two.
Therefore, the power of the Mountain and Stream Sword was indeed enormous.
When Sima Yulong activated the Mountain and Stream Sword, he seemed to have transformed into a monarch who ruled over everything. He seemed to have become the supreme ruler of the land!
As for Luo Zheng, he was like a subject of the Mountain and Stream Sword. He had no choice but to bow down to this aura!
Looking at Sima Yulong's eyes, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "You want to suppress me?"
"Rumble!"
A sharp soul pressure was suddenly released from Luo Zheng's body!
When a martial artist cultivated, they usually needed to make breakthroughs in three aspects. One was Body Refining, another was Cultivation, and the third was Soul Power!
In terms of Body Refining and Cultivation, Luo Zheng had embarked on a completely different path from others.
However, in terms of Soul Refining, Luo Zheng still followed the rules.
During the last period of his stay in the Central Domain, Qinglong had finally planted a Soul Seed in him and used it to break through to the Blue Soul Realm.
Luo Zheng had stayed in the Battle Soul Realm for a long time, so it took him a lot of time to break through to the Blue Soul Realm. However, at this time, he didn't have much of an advantage over other martial artists.
Just like the Saint Lord of the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land, he could also sense the strength of Luo Zheng's soul when he examined Luo Zheng. Although breaking through to the Blue Soul Realm at the fifth stage of the Life and Death Realm was extremely terrifying in the Lower Realm, it could only be considered as outstanding in the Upper Realm.
However, since it was a Soul Seed made by Qinglong, it was extraordinary.
This Soul Seed had been lurking in Luo Zheng's soul all this time, and this sudden burst of power instantly expanded Luo Zheng's soul pressure by more than three times!
Most importantly, Luo Zheng's Soul Willpower had completely merged with the Willpower of the Great Wide World. As he was not in the Great Wide World, he could not use his power to transfer it. However, after the merging of the Willpower, they were inseparable. The Soul Willpower that erupted contained the aura of the Great Wide World.
The Mountain and Stream Sword was a lower first-grade divine weapon forged by a Monarch of a tenth-grade Divine Nation. The Monarch's comprehension of the Mountain and Stream Sword was infused into the longsword, and it could be said to be a painstaking work …
Therefore, the aura and pressure they emitted made all the living beings feel that they were inferior by a head!
However, although the imposing aura of the Mountains and Rivers was powerful, it was ultimately forged based on comprehension. On the other hand, Luo Zheng's spiritual pressure contained the will of the Vast Thousand Realms, which was a genuine imposing aura!
This imposing aura was originally the accumulation of the Vast Thousand Realms over countless years.
In the Lower Realm, Luo Zheng's imposing aura made people feel that he represented everything. Now that he was in the Upper Realm, after releasing this imposing aura, others felt that he represented the entire world!
Just by relying on this spiritual pressure, he forcibly suppressed the imposing aura of the Mountain and Stream Sword.
This time, Sima Yulong's expression became even more solemn. When Luo Zheng stood in front of him, he felt like he was facing an entire world …
He originally wanted to use the Mountain and Stream Sword to suppress Luo Zheng, but he did not expect this guy's soul to be so strange! How many secrets did he have?
Seeing that Sima Yulong did not move, Luo Zheng slightly unfolded the longsword in his hand and said with a smile, "The fourth sword?"
Sima Yulong shook his head. "It's not the fourth sword. It's the seventh sword …"
Just now, in order to resist the remaining power of Luo Zheng's sword, Sima Yulong had consecutively slashed out several times to neutralize it. However, he had counted those slashes.
"What a serious guy …" Luo Zheng said with a smile, "Then it's the seventh sword!"
Sima Yulong nodded. "If I can't defeat you with this sword, I'll admit defeat."
Luo Zheng's sword hilt trembled slightly, and his eyes became incomparably clear. Although Sima Yulong was prideful to the bone, he was very frank. He said, "Then make your move!"
At this time, all the cultivators in the Dragon Tiger Palace understood that Luo Zheng was indeed not someone to be trifled with.
As for Tie Feiyu, he naturally understood that he was indeed not qualified to challenge Luo Zheng … Even Sima Yulong would find it difficult to defeat Luo Zheng. If he was to fight against Luo Zheng, he would not be able to last even one round!
As for those debauchees from the Holy City who were looking for trouble with Luo Zheng, they now deeply understood that they were simply courting death by recklessly provoking Luo Zheng. Fortunately, this guy had a good temper. Otherwise, they would have died countless times already. Even if they were Divine Sea realm cultivators and Luo Zheng was only in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm …
The next move would most likely determine the victor. They all held their breaths and quietly observed the movements of the two people in the Illusory Space.
As for the Sacred Lord and many Elders, they were somewhat dispirited.
Victory or defeat was no longer important.
In fact, with Sima Yulong's cultivation, challenging Luo Zheng was originally unfair.
The Sacred Lord did his best to facilitate this challenge only to help Sima Yulong enter the Thirteenth Palace. Sima Yulong had already undergone the ninth heavenly tribulation. Although he was not a Divine Sea realm cultivator, he was far stronger than ordinary Divine Sea realm cultivators.
On the other hand, Luo Zheng was only in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm. There was a huge gap between their cultivation bases.
With Luo Zheng's cultivation base, it should not be difficult for him to obtain the ninth minor heavenly tribulation. At that time, Luo Zheng's strength would most likely far surpass Sima Yulong's.
Therefore, they did not care about the outcome of this battle.
However, at this moment, the Sacred Lord suddenly thought of something important.
"This brat has already undergone five minor heavenly tribulations. Has he opened his lotus flower? How many leaves has he opened? "the Sacred Lord suddenly asked.
At the side, Elder Gong slapped his head and said, "That's right. With such talent, he must have opened his lotus flower. I wonder how many leaves he has …"
The Sacred Lord looked at Luo Zheng indifferently and said softly, "I'm afraid this brat has opened seven leaves."
This time, an expression of disagreement appeared on Elder Gong's face. "Actually, it's very likely that he's at the ninth leaf …"
In truth, the Sacred Lord also wanted to say that Luo Zheng was at the ninth leaf. However, his current state of mind was extremely unbalanced. He was like a bag of gold that had fallen on the ground and was picked up by someone else. Naturally, he hoped that there was less gold in the bag. The less gold there was, the more balanced he would feel.
Unfortunately, Elder Gong was not as self-deceiving as the Sacred Lord. Instead, he voiced his own opinion.
The Sacred Lord could only sigh faintly. "If I knew this would happen, I would've crossed out Luo Zheng's name when the alliance asked us to submit the list of ascenders."
Elder Gong chuckled. "At that time, we didn't know there was such a person among the ascenders of the Spirit Martial Saint Land. If it weren't for the Thirteen Palaces, I'm afraid this brat would still be mining!"
The Sacred Lord glared fiercely at Elder Gong after hearing Elder Gong's words that displeased him. Elder Gong jumped in fright. Then, the Sacred Lord said coldly, "Check all the ascenders in the mines within a month. Evaluate their strength and talent, then report back to me!"
Elder Gong's expression was extremely unsightly. The Sacred Lord was so angry that he went crazy. Naturally, the Spirit Martial Saint Land had a test for ascenders. Was there a need to test them in such a big way? Not everyone was like Luo Zheng …
Unfortunately, the Sacred Lord's order could not be disobeyed. Since the Sacred Lord was willing to do so, then so be it. However, Elder Gong believed this was destined to be a futile effort.
While the Sacred Lord was venting his frustrations, Sima Yulong finally began to prepare his final sword move. It was also the sword move that would determine the victor!
"Sword painting, mountains and rivers, a wisp of golden wind turns into myriad colors …"
The Sword of Mountains and Rivers in Sima Yulong's hand began to fly rapidly!
In front of him, a magnificent pattern began to form rapidly. It was as if the Sword of Mountains and Rivers was a brush in his hand. He was using the sword to paint the entire landscape!
The golden light was the Law of Gold, and the green light was the Law of Wind!
As he continued to paint, he would cut his arm from time to time. Spurts of blood essence flew into the air and dyed the golden landscape red!
(Thank you to Luo Xinya for the 1K coin tip. Thank you to Kong Da for the weird smile. Forget-me-not, Weiwei for the tip ^ _ ^)
＝＝＝＝＝