This Sword Painting Rivers and Mountains consumed an enormous amount of blood essence!
It was not an easy task for any cultivator to replenish their blood essence after they had lost it.
However, he didn't want to lose to Luo Zheng.
Sima Yulong didn't think that he was invincible in the same realm.
In the eyes of many martial artists, the Spiritual Martial Saint Land was a colossus. However, in the Spiritual World, it could only be ranked third.
As for the first two Holy Lands of the Spirit Channeling World, for example, the Spirit Channeling Holy Land had many outstanding geniuses, such as the son of the Spirit Channeling World Lord …
However, Luo Zheng was just an ascender.
In the Lower Realm, whether it was the resources or the environment, it was far from comparable to the Upper Realm. Therefore, the starting point of ascenders was much weaker than the martial artists of the Upper Realm.
This kind of impression was engraved in the bones of the martial artists from the Upper Realm. Even Sima Yulong was no exception.
As his blood essence continued to splatter, the golden mountains and rivers were dyed with a trace of bloody aura!
This country was not a peaceful one with songs and dances. Instead, it was a country where heroes fought for hegemony!
Countless blood-stained soldiers were displayed in this sword painting. The bright red color served as the finishing touch to this enormous painting of mountains and rivers!
At this point, Sima Yulong's sword was ready! Immediately after, he slashed out with his sword.
"Pop …"
The sword light was like a pair of sharp scissors, cutting the Landscape Painting into two!
All the images on the Landscape Painting began to distort and converge towards his sword light. At the same time, they all rushed towards Luo Zheng!
"He's here!"
Facing Sima Yulong's all-out attack, Luo Zheng quickly retreated.
The power contained in this sword strike was extremely special. Although the Mountain River State Painting had been drawn using the Metal and Wind laws, and it had been combined with his Essence Blood …
However, it created an extremely unique concept!
This kind of artistic conception not only brought psychological pressure to Luo Zheng, but also the power it contained could not be underestimated.
However, Luo Zheng was no longer the same as he had been in the past. He had several ways to deal with this attack. Among them, the simplest and crudest method was to use the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain in his hand.
Not even a Divine Realm warrior could do anything to the Divine Essencefused Mountain. His sword couldn't even move it a bit.
However, Luo Zheng did not intend to use this move.
After all, he and Sima Yulong were just fighting. Although Sima Yulong had used a Secondary Grade One Divine Tool, Luo Zheng had also used the Divine Magnetic Mountain.
However, Luo Zheng didn't intend to rely on the Divine Essencefused Mountain. Instead, he wanted to break this sword with his own strength. He needed to verify the difference between himself and the geniuses from the Upper Realm …
The perfect sword intent in Luo Zheng's hand spiraled out, and the chaotic energy in his body also slowly rotated!
His Sword Intent hadn't been tempered since it had reached perfection. He only had his own comprehension of sword moves, and as Chaotic Qi poured into it, his Sword Intent was constantly improving!
"I'll use a Divine Tool to break this sword!"
After Luo Zheng rapidly retreated to a certain point, he had already made up his mind. He actually rushed towards Sima Yulong's sword-light head-on.
Seeing this, Sima Yulong's face once again revealed a look of surprise. What was this kid trying to do?
He originally thought that Luo Zheng had some special trump card, or some defensive magic treasure that could block his move, or perhaps he had some practical movement technique to avoid the sharpness of his sword.
However, this guy didn't dodge or evade. He was still alone. Was he going to use a high-grade Divine Tool to meet his attack?
In the Dragon Tiger Palace, the thousands of warriors were also confused. Just now, Luo Zheng had erupted with the power of the Law of Wind. They finally realized how powerful Luo Zheng was. Therefore, although they were full of confidence in Sima Yulong's Sword Painting the Landscape, they were also worried in their hearts.
Who knew what kind of trump card Luo Zheng had?
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to have used any trump cards. He was still using Qi to drive his Sword Intent. This meant that Luo Zheng either didn't take Sima Yulong seriously, or he was courting death!
The Holy Lord of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land didn't pay much attention to this battle. The result didn't matter. He simply couldn't keep Luo Zheng in the Holy Land. However, seeing Luo Zheng use this method to meet Yulong's strongest move, a strange look appeared on his face …
"This kid is really unconventional. Every move is unexpected …" Elder Gong murmured, "But he's probably overthinking this move. He's just using the perfect Sword Intent to fight against the Sword Painting. This is a bit of a fool's talk. But then again, there's no danger to his life in the Illusory Space. Perhaps this is also his first attempt … This kid's thoughts are too terrifying."
Elder Gong actually guessed some of Luo Zheng's thoughts, but he didn't guess the next result!
When Luo Zheng was caught in the sword light, countless soldiers suddenly appeared in front of him. Each soldier held a sword and slashed at Luo Zheng!
"This sword light … is really like an army of tens of thousands. It's invincible!"
What was more terrifying was that the illusions of the soldiers seemed to overlap. Every time they attacked, there were tens of thousands of soldiers attacking. These tens of thousands of swords slashed at Luo Zheng. If he relaxed even a little bit, he would be cut into pieces.
Faced with such a scene, Luo Zheng's attack didn't stop at all!
The long sword in his hand slashed out countless times in an instant. In order to increase the speed of his attack, Luo Zheng also operated the Law of Time at this moment!
The sword light in his hand danced out thousands of times in a breath's time!
"Ding … Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!
Ding! Ding! "When the sword light collided, the sound of explosions rang out!
"Strangle!"
The Sword Intent Cyclone spread out and shredded the tens of thousands of illusions into pieces. However, the number of soldiers in the Landscape Painting was almost infinite. Luo Zheng crazily killed them, but the soldiers in the Landscape Painting kept pouring out. It was impossible to kill them all, and the number was increasing.
Sima Yulong's face was calm. The Landscape Painting's Concept was a combination of endless vitality. How could it be destroyed by the long sword in your hand? You're too arrogant to use a single sword to resist my move. The result will only be humiliation …
Just as Sima Yulong thought, Luo Zheng was indeed in trouble!
Although Sima Yulong's sword light was powerful, it wasn't particularly sharp. However, in this endless realm, the illusions of the soldiers surged forward like a tidal wave. There was no end to them, no end to them!
In addition to the ordinary soldiers, there were also some generals wearing red armor! The illusions of those generals were even more powerful, and Luo Zheng found it even more difficult to deal with them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was in a dilemma!
"Sima Yulong's move can't be endless …" When Luo Zheng released the Sword Intent, his face revealed a contemplative expression.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed upwards. Sima Yulong's sword light was like a maggot in a tarsal bone, following closely behind Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's figure paused for a moment before the sword light engulfed Luo Zheng again. Then, Luo Zheng was still immersed in the endless illusions.
"Found it!"
This sword-light had absorbed the Landscape Painting. This landscape was a human's landscape, and it had a ruler!
Just now, when Luo Zheng pulled away, he found that a yellow-robed monarch was hidden in the depths of the sword light.
These soldiers, generals, and monarchs should also be a kind of visualization technique, but it was more profound and extensive than the ones in the lower realm …
"It's him!"
After confirming his target, Luo Zheng's figure didn't retreat at all. Instead, he rushed straight towards the monarch!
As long as he killed the monarch, the sword light condensed from the Landscape Painting would naturally disperse!
Seeing Luo Zheng's actions, Sima Yulong's mouth revealed a trace of a smile. "You finally found him, but can you really defeat him?"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …