The Sovereign King exuded a heavy and majestic aura. Seeing Luo Zheng charging towards him amidst the thousands of soldiers and horses, he suddenly stood up, his face revealing an unquestionable majesty.
Then, with a loud roar, the Sovereign King's Intent Realm suddenly turned into a whole, condensing into a long sword in his hand. Then, he directly slashed down at Luo Zheng!
The power of this sword hid the fiercest killing intent within the sword light!
However, facing this sword, Luo Zheng's face revealed a smile!
Facing the endless illusory killing intent, Luo Zheng might have found it difficult to deal with, but now that the entire Empire was in the hands of the Sovereign King, Luo Zheng was unafraid!
"Dragon Scale Power!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng activated the power of three thousand dragon scales. His sword slashed from bottom to top, and the two sword lights intertwined.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng's high-grade saint artifact was unexpectedly unable to bear the heavy pressure and broke with a loud bang!
"Bang!"
A crisp sound rang out as the broken sword spun and flew toward Sima Yulong!
Sima Yulong was originally concentrating on Luo Zheng's attack. He never expected that a broken sword would shoot towards him. Unable to dodge in time, the broken sword directly pierced his chest!
Even though he was seriously injured, Sima Yulong didn't move. He was still staring at Luo Zheng, who was in the middle of the sword light. In the illusory space, even if he died, it didn't matter. He just wanted to know if Luo Zheng could withstand this move of his! If he lost, then it would be his victory. Therefore, he didn't have any means to deal with the broken sword that pierced his chest.
Right now, Luo Zheng's sword was broken. What could he use to withstand the sword of the Sovereign King of the Empire?
Nowadays, high-grade sacred artefacts were no longer worthy of Luo Zheng. An ordinary long sword was only two inches wide, with a sharp blade and an extremely thin body.
Just like Luo Zheng's body, it could only withstand the strength of five to six thousand dragon scales. He had just used the strength of three thousand dragon scales, so the Saint artifact sword naturally could not withstand it. Coupled with the heavy pressure from the Sovereign King's sword, it was broken!
It was just that Luo Zheng couldn't get a better sword in the Mortal World. If he could open the weapon-refining workshop in the Immortal Mansion, the situation might be very different. However, Luo Zheng had only walked through two floors of the Path of True Desperation, and it would take a long time for him to completely open it.
Without his sword, Luo Zheng still had his fists!
At this moment, Luo Zheng threw away the other half of the sword and grabbed the Sovereign King's sword with his bare hands!
He had carried the weight of the country with his bare hands!
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng gripped the edge of the sword in his hand. Instantly, blood spurted out, but at the same time, his other fist was already smashing towards this sovereign king!
"Rumble …"
This fist contained the strength of five thousand dragon scales. After bombarding the Sovereign King's body, the Sovereign King was instantly torn apart, turning into specks of golden light … Sima Yulong's sword light was broken by Luo Zheng.
Apart from Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong, no one else could see these illusions. In their eyes, Luo Zheng was surrounded by Sima Yulong's sword light, and Luo Zheng was bitterly holding on with the sword in his hand. In the end, his sword actually broke!
But they saw Luo Zheng brandishing his fist, and for some reason, smashing Sima Yulong's sword light into pieces.
Many warriors of the Dragon Tiger Palace also felt that it was a little inconceivable. They couldn't understand how Luo Zheng did it. It seemed like a divine skill, but Luo Zheng really did it.
"I lost." Sima Yulong's face was deathly pale. The broken sword had already pierced through his heart. However, a warrior's body was exceptionally strong. Even if his heart was pierced, he could survive for a long time, so he had been waiting here.
Luo Zheng shook the blood off his hand and said to Sima Yulong with a smile, "Yes, you lost!"
Sima Yulong forced a smile and said, "It's too painful for us to talk like this. Let's go back to the Dragon Tiger Palace first …"
Although one wouldn't die in the illusory space, the projection still felt pain. Having a broken sword pierced through the chest was not a pleasant feeling.
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng and Sima Yulong in the Dragon Tiger Palace opened their eyes.
After Luo Zheng stood up, he looked around. The genius martial artists of the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall all had similar thoughts in their hearts. Although they couldn't see how Luo Zheng had broken through Sima Yulong's sword technique, by relying on a single person and a high-grade saint artifact, defeating Sima Yulong was a foregone conclusion!
On the other hand, Sima Yulong was the number one person in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. More importantly, his Jiangshan Sheji Sword was a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact. In comparison, one could imagine how big the gap between Sima Yulong and Luo Zheng was!
Luo Zheng might have some trump card that he hadn't used yet. They didn't want to know. The strength that Luo Zheng had displayed was enough for them to look up to.
Sima Yulong moved in front of Luo Zheng and bowed deeply to Luo Zheng. "I used to have some prejudice against those who ascended from the Lower Domain. Now it seems that I was wrong. The Lower Domain … is not as weak as I thought!"
The other warriors in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall couldn't help but nod.
Warriors from the Upper Domain did have an inexplicable sense of superiority in front of warriors from the Lower Domain. Even if some ascenders had become Celestial Venerables, the warriors below Celestial Venerables still seemed to be disdainful when they mentioned it. They thought that ascenders becoming Celestial Venerables was just luck.
They didn't know that any warrior who reached a certain level of achievement relied on luck and strength. Similarly, warriors from the Upper Domain couldn't jump out of this rut.
Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't say anything.
He didn't care about other people's contempt. As the saying went, the strong were always strong. If he was swayed by other people's views, what qualifications did he have to stand in this world?
After leaving the Dragon Tiger Palace, Luo Zheng returned to that corner and continued to cultivate with his eyes closed …
The genius warriors of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall came and went. When they looked at Luo Zheng again, their faces revealed reverence. This guy had the right to look down on the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall! He had the strength to be proud! Naturally, there wouldn't be any idiots who would make irresponsible remarks …
In fact, there were still some people in the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall who were unconvinced. All the top ranked genius warriors didn't watch the battle at the Dragon Tiger Palace because of various reasons. When they rushed back from outside or came out of seclusion, they wanted to challenge Luo Zheng.
However, these people were all stopped by the people of the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall. If they wanted to challenge Luo Zheng, they had to defeat Sima Yulong first. Otherwise, they would only be humiliating themselves.
As for the Holy Lord of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, he was very unhappy these days, very unhappy …
He wanted to have a talk with Luo Zheng. He wanted to find some leeway in this matter. He wanted to see what price he could pay to keep this kid in his Spirit Martial Holy Land.
If Luo Zheng could stay, his Spiritual Martial Holy Land would have a big advantage in the competition with the other two tenth-rank Holy Lands in the Spiritual World among the younger generation. They could even rely on Luo Zheng to make a comeback and suppress the Spiritual Martial Holy Land!
The competition between the younger generation of warriors might not determine the structure of a big world, but it could determine the ups and downs of these Holy Lands in the future!
However, when he thought about the Thirteen Palaces, he dismissed this idea. Since the Thirteen Palaces had appointed Luo Zheng, they must have a good understanding of Luo Zheng.
Originally, when he saw Luo Zheng's Divine Weapon broken in the Illusory Space, he thought about giving Luo Zheng a second-rank or even a first-rank divine weapon to win him over. However, on second thought, if the Spiritual Martial Holy Land could offer something, how could the Thirteen Palaces not be able to?
Seeing such a little guy slip away from his hands, the Holy Lord's heart was filled with deep unwillingness!
In the Ten Thousand Spirit Martial Hall, Luo Zheng meditated quietly and cultivated. As he cultivated, he felt that the sixth minor tribulation was approaching. However, he didn't know if there was a difference between undergoing the tribulation in the Upper Realm and the Upper Realm.
As he waited and cultivated, time passed quietly. However, the "big shot" who had appointed him didn't appear …