All along, Luo Zheng had been curious about this' big shot 'and was even wary of him.
After all, he seemed to be spying on him from the shadows.
Where did he find out about his existence? Where did he find out that he was ascending to the Spirit Martial Sacred Land?
Hence, after hearing the elder's words, Luo Zheng stood up abruptly.
Under the elder's lead, he once again headed towards the hall from before.
In this hall, all the elders of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land were already seated. The one sitting at the head wasn't their sacred lord but another woman!
The woman was wearing a nine-colored dress. The nine colors on the dress were woven from the feathers of nine different divine beasts. The light blue feathers were the tail feathers of an ice phoenix. Even a single tail feather exuded a piercingly cold aura. As for the dark red feathers, they were taken from the tail feathers of the fire phoenix. As for the green feathers, they were taken from the softest fur of the Tong Tian Rat's back …
Just the value of this nine colored long dress was immeasurable!
The problem was that even though so many precious materials were used, they were only used for decoration. The person who made this nine-colored dress was extremely extravagant and wasteful.
A pair of small white feet stepped on wooden clogs and swayed on the chair in boredom. Her eyes indifferently swept across the many elders in the large hall. Every time their eyes met with this girl's eyes, their hearts would tremble slightly.
Actually, this woman's cultivation wasn't very terrifying. She was only at the peak of half step sector lord.
And in this hall, their sacred lord was already a quasi-sector lord. Of course, there was only one great realm master in each realm. The Spirit Connecting Realm's realm master was the sacred lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Land, not their Spirit Martial Sacred Land's sacred lord. Even Elder Gong was already at the peak of half step sector lord. He was only a step away from quasi-sector lord!
What everyone was afraid of was not her cultivation or strength, but her identity.
She was one of the thirteen palace masters. The most terrifying thing was that her father was an Empyrean. She was an Empyrean descendant! Her position in the alliance went without saying!
At this time, several cultivators suddenly appeared in the hall. One of them exuded an aura that was several times stronger than the Black Tortoise Holy Lord!
After he entered the main hall, he bowed to the lady and said, "I am Tong Ling Zi, the Realm Lord of the Spirit Channeling World. I welcome the Palace Lord of the Vast Cloud Heavenly Palace!"
This martial artist was the true master of a realm, and also the master of the strongest tenth-rank Holy Land in the Spiritual Communication World!
This time, the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Palace Lord came to the Psychic World personally. Although he didn't pay a visit to the Psychic Sacred Ground and came straight to the Spiritual Martial Sacred Ground, Tong Ling Zi still had to be there to welcome him personally!
However, a trace of impatience appeared on her face. The Spiritual World was only a remote great world. If it wasn't for Luo Zheng, she probably wouldn't have come here in her entire life. As for the title of Realm Master, she wasn't interested in it at all.
However, she was the Realm Lord of a Great World after all. She could only smile and reply. Tong Ling Zi sat on the second seat, above the Holy Master of the Spirit Martial Saint Land.
When Tong Ling Zi heard that the Palace Lord of the Vast Cloud Heavenly Palace had come personally, he was also very surprised!
Although he had received news that an extraordinary ascender had appeared in the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground and was chosen by the Thirteen Palaces, there were a lot of ascenders.
It wasn't strange for some powerful geniuses to appear occasionally. Even if they were chosen by the Thirteen Palaces, it wasn't strange either. The world was so big, and there would always be such lucky people.
The question was, what kind of person was worthy of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Palace Lord coming personally?
Wasn't it just an ascender? Did he have such a big face? Although the Psychic Sacred Ground couldn't take this ascender in, he still wanted to take a good look and see what kind of person this ascender was. Was it worth it for the Psychic Sacred Ground to make such a big fuss?
"Is he not here yet?" Yun Luo muttered in a low voice.
Although her voice was soft, how could the people in the main hall not hear her? Tong Ling Zi's face revealed a slight smile. Although the Psychic Sacred Ground and the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground belonged to the alliance, they were still in the same great world. After all, they were competing with each other …
As for the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, his face revealed a trace of awkwardness. He immediately replied, "He should be here soon. Palace Lord, please wait a little longer …"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the main hall. He walked directly into the depths of the main hall. When he walked halfway, his eyes were attracted by the nine-colored long dress. When their eyes met, Luo Zheng laughed and said, "So it's you, Yun Luo!"
After being puzzled for so long, the mystery was finally revealed.
However, at this time, many elders in the main hall sucked in a breath of cold air. At the same time, they stared at Luo Zheng with uncertainty.
Even the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground and the Realm Lord of the Psychic Sacred Ground stared at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze. This kid directly called the Palace Lord's name. Wasn't it a little too casual?
Naturally, they didn't know that Luo Zheng had encountered Yun Luo's doppelgangers twice. He had always treated Yun Luo as someone of the same generation as him. After a long time, Luo Zheng was used to it. When he saw Yun Luo this time, a trace of surprise appeared on his face. Although he knew that she had a high status, he couldn't make Luo Zheng treat Yun Luo with the respect of an elder.
However, Luo Zheng also noticed that the temperament of the Yun Luo in front of him was completely different from that of the Yun Luo in the Lower Realm.
Of course, this confusion had already been solved by Qinglong.
The Yun Luo in the lower realm was just a clone of hers. The Million Spirit Clones Technique had many drawbacks. The clone's emotions and memories were incomplete. In other words, there were flaws in their personalities. Therefore, whether it was the Yun Luo in the Eastern Region or the Yun Luo in the Sin Tower, their words and actions were very strange.
It wasn't the indifference of those ice beauties, but the flaws in their personalities. They lacked the emotions of joy, anger, sorrow, and joy.
As for the Yun Luo in front of him, she should be a complete person. The temperament she exuded was completely different. It could be said that she looked more like a "person"!
Yun Luo smiled faintly. She stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I said that I can't decide where you go, but you still ascended to this place! Since you're in my territory, I have no choice but to accept you! I'm afraid that the people of the Demi-Immortal Clan won't find trouble with me! "
Hearing Yun Luo's words, the Realm Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, and the elders' expressions changed again.
This kid had been targeted by the Demi-Immortal Clan?
Although there were few people in the Demi-Immortal Clan, they were all elites. Although their actions and intentions were quite strange, no force dared to look down on them!
The key was that joining the Demi-Immortal Clan was even better than joining the Alliance. Of course, the conditions for joining the Demi-Immortal Clan were more stringent. In the Upper Realm, it was not easy for ordinary people to be recognized by the Demi-Immortal Clan!
Luo Zheng smiled and continued to ask, "How did you find me?"
Yun Luo smiled and rolled her eyes. She looked very mischievous. Then, she smiled and said, "I don't know who shouted so loudly. If I didn't hear it, wouldn't I be deaf?"
When Yun Luo heard Luo Zheng use the Roaring Command and deduced that it was Luo Zheng from the name Luo Yan, she collected a list of all the people who had ascended in the past year in the 3,000 Realms. This list was given to Yun Luo. It only took her 30 minutes to find Luo Zheng among countless names! Moreover, there were two Luo Zheng …
There were many people who had ascended, and there were always times when there were people with the same name. However, after Yun Luo casually ordered to investigate the appearance and other characteristics of the two Luo Zheng, she was sure that Luo Zheng had ascended to the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground!
However, at that time, her Million Spirit Clones Technique was in the final stage, so it was naturally inconvenient for her to go there. She had almost absorbed all her clones and hurried over from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace …
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng immediately understood that she had identified his voice from the Roaring Command. However, if she knew that he had the Roaring Command, he was afraid that she would find out that he had the Roaring Command!
As for the Realm Lord of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground and the Sacred Leader of the Spirit Martial Sacred Ground, their expressions suddenly became serious. "Why are you shouting so loudly? What do you mean? "
＝＝＝＝＝