This Sector Lord, Saint Lord, and even those elders were all extremely intelligent people.
There were many things that could be guessed with just a little hint.
Shouting so loudly … and letting Yun Luo know? This wasn't hard to guess!
In the universe, only the Roaring Token could do that!
Thinking about it again, some time ago, there seemed to be a mysterious young man who spent tens of thousands of Roaring Tokens at once. Could it be …
Thinking of this, they all stared at Luo Zheng in shock.
And when they stared at Luo Zheng, they found that the people around them were also staring at Luo Zheng with the same shock. They exchanged glances with each other and strengthened their guess. Hence, they looked at Luo Zheng with even more shock …
This kid had Roaring Tokens? And so many of them!
The atmosphere in the hall became strange.
But after a while, they began to deny their guesses one by one.
This was simply impossible …
How could an ascender get so many Roaring Tokens?
In fact, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that ever since he used the Roaring Token to shout in the universe for a night, the entire universe had been discussing and guessing about him for a long time, and it hadn't stopped until now.
Just like the mysterious woman before, everyone still didn't know the identity of the mysterious woman until now. Now, there was this mysterious young man … The only difference was that the mysterious woman's singing had caused a beast tide in the universe, while this mysterious young man didn't cause any damage to the universe.
But this kind of guess was destined to end in failure. The universe was so big. It was impossible to find a person who used the Roaring Token in a hundred thousand worlds as long as the other party didn't admit his identity and didn't report his identity.
The problem was that Yun Luo deliberately said this as if to tell everyone that this kid was the one who used the Roaring Token!
The Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm and the Sacred Lord of the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land naturally felt strange and inconceivable. They thought it was impossible because they were almost paranoid that even a Heavenly Venerable couldn't have so many Roaring Tokens. How could this ascender Luo Zheng have so many Roaring Tokens?!
Thinking of this, the Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm smiled embarrassedly. Although he knew that Yun Luo wouldn't tell the truth, he couldn't help but ask, "Palace Lord, I don't know what you mean by 'shouting so loudly' …"
Yun Luo rolled her quick-witted eyes and smiled slightly. "Well, when we were in the lower realm, I gave him a Voice Transmission Talisman. After this kid ascended, he begged me every day to take him away. I guess it's because he dug a miserable mine in the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land...................
. This explanation.......
At the same time, all the elders in the hall, including the Realm Master of the Spiritual Realm and the Saint Lord of the Spiritual Martial Saint Land, rolled their eyes.
....................
..................................... . When Mu Mingxue left the mine, the Voice Transmission Talisman she gave Luo Zheng was the limit of the Voice Transmission Talisman in the lower realm.
As for the skilled craftsmen in the upper realm, the furthest they could send a message was less than 200,000 miles. This 200,000 miles wasn't enough to send a message out of the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land. How could Luo Zheng use a Voice Transmission Talisman to send a message to the Misty Cloud Palace that was thousands of worlds away? Could it be that Yun Luo grew a clairvoyant?
The problem was that no one dared to jump out and question Yun Luo's nonsense. The Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm just smiled embarrassedly and didn't say anything. He really didn't know what to say.
As for Luo Zheng, he was also cursing Yun Luo in his heart.
.... It's fine if you know that I have a Roaring Command, but why did you hint it in front of so many people? Are you trying to kill me?
But looking at the situation in front of him, it seemed that Yun Luo's status was indeed not ordinary. The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Saint Lord didn't dare to say a word beside Yun Luo. And the guy who just spoke seemed to be more powerful than the Saint Lord. Could it be the Realm Lord of the Spiritual Realm?
It didn't matter who it was. What was important was that this secret couldn't be leaked out. Fortunately, although these guys guessed part of it, they didn't seem to believe that he had so many Roaring Commands...
But it was still inappropriate to arouse their suspicion.
Luo Zheng wasn't stupid enough to argue with Yun Luo about this problem. If they had doubts in their hearts, then let them have their doubts. After all, there was no definite speculation.
At this time, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land saw that it was about time and said, "Palace Lord, this Luo Zheng ascended from the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land. Now that the Misty Cloud Palace wants him, shouldn't we give some …"
"No!" Before the Saint Lord finished speaking, the corner of Yun Luo's mouth curled up and she rejected him on the spot.
The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Saint Lord almost vomited blood. He originally wanted to ask for compensation, but he didn't expect Yun Luo to reject him directly. Wasn't this too difficult to negotiate with?
But since he already said it, he gritted his teeth and continued, "Actually, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land doesn't have much of a problem with compensation. But I have a disciple in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall. Can he enter the Thirteen Palaces to cultivate?"
Yun Luo giggled and nodded this time. "You can just say it directly. Why do you need to bargain with compensation and then take advantage of the situation to shove someone in? Sending two or three people into the Thirteen Palaces isn't a problem! "
The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Saint Lord smiled awkwardly. It turned out that Yun Luo had seen through his thoughts. He was afraid that Yun Luo would reject Sima Yulong, so he first asked for compensation and then took a step back in exchange for Sima Yulong entering the Thirteen Palaces. This method was the safest method.
However, he didn't expect Yun Luo to be so difficult to negotiate with. Now that he heard that Sima Yulong would definitely enter the Thirteen Palaces, it seemed that Luo Zheng's arrival at the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land was not without benefits!
The Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Realm Lord's eyes flashed when he heard this. His eyes lit up when he heard that Yun Luo could give two or three quotas.
In fact, the 3,000 Great Realms would get some quotas every once in a while. His Spiritual Martial Sacred Land was relatively remote and unknown in the Great Realms, so he naturally had fewer quotas. It was good to get one more quota. Thinking of this, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Realm Lord was about to speak when Yun Luo stretched out three fingers. "That's it. Since Luo Zheng has ascended to your Spiritual Martial Sacred Land, I'll give you three quotas. How you want to distribute them is your business!"
Among the three quotas, Sima Yulong occupied one. This meant that the remaining two quotas depended on how they would distribute them.
Although the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land had obtained one quota, the Sacred Land's Realm Lord thought that this quota was created because of Luo Zheng, so there was nothing wrong with them taking one more quota. However, the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land's Realm Lord didn't think so. Luo Zheng ascended to the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land was just lucky. It was too much for one Sacred Land to monopolize two quotas.
After Yun Luo left with Luo Zheng, a dispute arose between the two Sacred Lands because of the remaining two quotas. Moreover, it also involved another tenth-grade Sacred Land in the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land. Therefore, the other tenth-grade Sacred Land thought that with three quotas, each Sacred Land could get one quota. Wouldn't that be perfect?
…
…
A carriage was floating in the sky above the Spiritual Martial Sacred Land.
The carriage's craftsmanship was incomparably exquisite. Its entire body was purple, and there were strings of exotic flowers and plants growing around the carriage.
The most surprising thing was the two horses in front of the carriage. These two horses were a kind of Divine Beast!
Generally speaking, creatures that had reached the level of Divine Beasts were extremely arrogant and prideful. They could sign a contract with a warrior and become a warrior's contracted beast, but they couldn't be enslaved or tamed by a warrior!
This "Heavenly Luan Horse" was one of the few Divine Beasts that could be tamed. However, even if one wanted to tame them, it would take a lot of effort and time. Therefore, this Heavenly Luan Horse was not only an excellent mount, but also a symbol of status!
The others respectfully sent Yun Luo off. She then entered the carriage with Luo Zheng.
From the outside, this carriage looked ordinary. However, after opening the door, it was a completely different world. The inside was as spacious as a palace.
"First, tell me, where did you get so many Roaring Tokens?" Yun Luo asked with a smile.
"This …" Luo Zheng didn't know how to explain.