Yun Luo was not an untrustworthy person.
Moreover, she already knew that he seemed to have an unlimited number of Roaring Tokens.
However, it would be quite troublesome to explain the Roaring Tokens to Yun Luo. It also involved the immortal mansion, his master, and many other problems.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could only choose not to explain.
In fact, Yun Luo also knew that Luo Zheng would not tell the truth. Since he did not want to explain, Yun Luo did not force him. At least, Luo Zheng did not deny it.
However, Yun Luo immediately asked, "The mysterious woman who sang that day, do you know her identity?"
Luo Zheng subconsciously shook his head.
That mysterious woman's Roaring Token seemed to be the same as his, also endless. It was very likely that her Roaring Token was the same as the one in Luo Zheng's hand, which could be used countless times.
But who knew who she was?
"Oh …" Yun Luo nodded, then continued to look at Luo Zheng.
The current Yun Luo was her complete body. In a sense, this was the first time she and Luo Zheng "met".
Her doppelganger made the decision to let Luo Zheng ascend freely, and the Demi-Immortal Clan made the same decision. They did not forcibly bring Luo Zheng into the Demi-Immortal Clan. Yun Luo was very satisfied with this. However, by coincidence, Luo Zheng still ascended to the Alliance. This was Luo Zheng's fate.
Fateless people did not have a definite path, but no matter what Luo Zheng's future path was, she did not mind giving Luo Zheng a push from behind.
Luo Zheng's endless Roaring Tokens were worth it. The Roaring Tokens were very useful to many races. In the future, she might have to trouble Luo Zheng with many things. For example, she did not have many Roaring Tokens, so she could ask Luo Zheng to help her pass on messages.
When Luo Zheng was looked at by Yun Luo like this, he suddenly felt as if he had been seen through. It was as if he was standing naked in front of Yun Luo, as if there were no more secrets he could hide.
Luo Zheng also knew that even though Yun Luo's cultivation was very strong, she didn't have this ability. It was only because the gap between their cultivations was too big that she felt this uncomfortable …
Luo Zheng felt the same way when the Holy Lord of the Lingwu Holy Land was sizing him up.
It could only be said that Luo Zheng's cultivation was too low. In the lower world, he was already a peak existence, but in the upper world, the Life and Death Realm was just the beginning!
Most importantly, there was still no response to Luo Yan's message. Perhaps it was just as Xun had said. The young man who had appeared in the Void Spirit Sect was the person whom the entire Vast Thousand Domains feared. He was an existence that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. Luo Yan was already outside the Heavenly Dao …
Luo Zheng was very unwilling to come to this conclusion, but the possibility was undoubtedly quite high. If he wanted to find Luo Yan, his current strength was far from enough.
After thinking about Xun, Luo Zheng suddenly looked at Yun Luo and asked, "Yun Luo, do you have any way to awaken Xun?"
"Xun?"
Yun Luo was stunned when she heard Luo Zheng's words. The memories of her million doppelgangers were too vast. Her million doppelgangers had seen too many people and things. It was very difficult for her to accurately remember a person, but Luo Zheng was an exception.
However, she still managed to find the existence of "Xun" through Luo Zheng's memories …
"If I remember correctly, only a strand of her soul remains of the Demon Night Clan's King of Massacre," Yun Luo faintly smiled.
The disappearance of the Demon Night Clan's King of Massacre wasn't a secret in the universe. The three kings were their symbols. If Xun completely fell, a new King of Massacre would be born in the Demon Night Clan to replace her.
Luo Zheng nodded and didn't say anything.
Yun Luo continued to stare at Luo Zheng and smiled, "You want to help her take back the Demon Night Clan's throne?"
Luo Zheng nodded again.
Yun Luo continued with a smile, "The Demon Night Clan is an existence that we humans can't ignore. Although the other two kings are only sector lords, they are the kings of the Demon Night Clan. Many times, their words are more effective than Sky Sovereigns. Xun's position is very important. Your current strength is far from enough."
"I will improve my cultivation," Luo Zheng said with a straight face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's serious expression, Yun Luo suddenly chuckled, "I'm not your master, so I can't control your thoughts. You can control your own thoughts. I didn't interfere when you were on the Sea God Continent, so I won't interfere now. Once we reach Misty Cloud Palace, I will help you awaken Xun and repair her shattered soul."
"Repair!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
Strictly speaking, Xun's main soul had already fallen. The strand of soul that accompanied Luo Zheng was only a remnant soul.
Luo Zheng was naturally happy to be able to awaken Xun, but he didn't expect Yun Luo to promise to repair her!
Seeing Luo Zheng's happy expression, Yun Luo smiled faintly and said, "Let's go."
At the same time, the sound of horses neighing came from outside the carriage. Then, the entire carriage trembled and sped forward.
In that instant, the carriage had already charged into the spatial passageway!
"Eh …" There was no spatial tunnel here, but the carriage entered it as soon as it moved. A trace of curiosity appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
"It's the Heavenly Luan Horse's innate ability. It can freely enter spatial tunnels," Yun Luo explained.
Luo Zheng nodded. Ever since he ascended, he was full of curiosity about the Upper World. He was afraid that he would need some time to adapt to it.
To a martial artist, crossing boundaries was an extremely extravagant matter. In fact, 99% of martial artists would never be able to leave their own great world in their entire lives. Thus, the 100,000 great worlds that existed in the universe were nothing more than a concept and a legend to martial artists. Everyone knew of the existence of these great worlds and had heard the roars of many Empyreans and World Masters, but they had never seen them in their entire lives.
Now, Luo Zheng was following Yun Luo. They had to cross thousands of worlds to reach the core world of the Alliance.
After the two Heavenly Luan Horses entered the spatial tunnel, they galloped at an incredible speed. What surprised Luo Zheng was that the Heavenly Luan Horses seemed to be accelerating. This kind of divine beast's initial speed was not particularly fast. Luo Zheng might be able to catch up with it if he used all his strength.
The problem was that the Heavenly Luan Horses seemed to have no limit to their speed! After running for a day, their speed had reached a level that Luo Zheng could not imagine. On the second day, their speed was more than twice as fast as the first day. As for the third day, their speed was doubled again on the basis of the second day …
A few days ago, Luo Zheng was still able to observe the surrounding scenery in this world passage, such as some warriors flying in the same direction and so on.
However, on the fourth day, Luo Zheng could no longer see the scenery outside the window. After reaching such a speed, everything turned into a line. It was impossible to distinguish whether it was a person or something else …
This world passage originally had countless checkpoints that required a fee to pass. If it was an ordinary warrior, the cost of passing through a world would be an astronomical figure. However, from the beginning to the end, no one dared to stop Yun Luo's ride.
Even if they wanted to stop her, it was impossible to do so at this speed …
On the sixth day, Yun Luo told Luo Zheng that they had left the World of Spirits.
"Leaving the World of Spirits just now …" Luo Zheng originally thought that with this speed, they would have already entered another world.
Based on their current speed, it would take them about 20 years to cross more than 1,000 great worlds before they could reach their destination!
However, the Heavenly Luan Horses' speed was still increasing!
After leaving the Spirit Channeling Realm, they entered the trans-realm passageway. This trans-realm passageway was much wider than the ones built by great realm passageways. Luo Zheng couldn't even begin to imagine building these passageways and connecting thousands of great realms together like pearls.