It took them about three days to cross the second great world.
As for crossing the third great realm, it only took a day's time.
As time passed, they passed by one great world after another. All of these great worlds were occupied by humans. This was only one of the three great forces of the Human Race. It was easy to imagine how powerful the Human Race was in the whole universe.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng also immersed himself in cultivation.
A month later, Luo Zheng felt the exquisite carriage finally stop. He slowly opened his eyes and looked out the window. He saw an orange crescent moon hanging in the sky.
"We're here." Yun Luo pushed open the door of the carriage and walked out first.
Luo Zheng followed Yun Luo out of the carriage. Suddenly, he thought of something and asked, "Then … if Sima Yulong wants to come here, how long will it take?"
Yun Luo thought for a moment and said, "If the Sacred Lord of the Sacred Land doesn't help him, he will have to find a way to get here. Even if he continuously passes through the passages, it should take him two or three hundred years. It should be enough …"
Two or three hundred years? Even his hair would turn white by this time. Luo Zheng was speechless. Of course, Sima Yulong was the pride of the Lingwu Sacred Land. The Sacred Lord naturally wouldn't let him waste hundreds of years on this journey. Moreover, crossing so many great worlds would cost a lot of money. Sima Yulong probably couldn't afford it.
"Let's go. When you are strong enough, you will understand that the universe is actually not that big." After saying this, Yun Luo still walked in front.
Watching her slowly walk forward, her nine-colored dress constantly swaying. Luo Zheng smiled and followed her.
In fact, this Yun Luo felt very unfamiliar to Luo Zheng. The two Yun Luos he met were very different from her. Although he knew the reason, the feeling of unfamiliarity still existed. Only the swaying of her long dress made Luo Zheng connect them.
After walking for a while, a big city appeared in front of Luo Zheng. The big cities in the Upper Realm were huge for Luo Zheng. Each city was comparable to the Central Domain. Luo Zheng was too lazy to find out how big this city was.
And in this large city, Luo Zheng saw a huge stone pillar. Because it was so huge, even from hundreds of miles away, Luo Zheng could still see it clearly. This stone pillar was tens of thousands of feet tall, and a majestic palace stood at the top of this stone pillar. This palace was like the crown of a tree, and it spread out at the top of this stone pillar. Luo Zheng wondered how the architect built this palace up there …
"This is the Misty Clouds Palace, one of the Thirteen Palaces," Yun Luo said calmly. "Follow me in!"
After saying that, Yun Luo waved her hand and an invisible force enveloped him.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng felt his body flash once in space. In the next moment, he appeared in another place.
Space Shift …
Luo Zheng could travel in a small space, but the Misty Clouds Palace was so far away from him. He was brought in with just a space jump. It could only be Space Shift.
Just like Sima Yulong said, warriors in the Upper Realm must master the two great Laws. They must be the Law of Space and the Law of Time. Yun Luo's control of the Law of Space was quite profound.
After entering the Misty Clouds Heavenly Palace, there were thousands of stairs in front of them. Every three steps, there was a warrior standing there. On top of the stairs, there were hundreds of warriors. Every one of them was at the Divine Sea Realm. They all looked solemn and stood straight.
Every time Yun Luo stepped on a new step, those soldiers lowered their heads and saluted her. But Yun Luo acted as if she didn't hear them and continued walking.
Right at this moment, a few streaks of light appeared in the sky. They arrived from the horizon in an instant and landed by Yun Luo's side in the blink of an eye.
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over this group of people. The one leading them was a thin middle-aged martial artist. He had a hooked nose and his eyes were slender like willow leaves. His gaze was sharp and piercing. Luo Zheng still couldn't see through this person's cultivation, but the aura he exuded was no different from Yun Luo's!
"He's also a Sector Lord?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
"Palace Lord, you're back. I'm here to welcome you!" The aquiline nose bowed to Yun Luo, but there was no respect in his words.
This made Luo Zheng a little confused. As he now understood, Yun Luo was the Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace of the Thirteen Palaces. Since the person in front of him called himself a subordinate, it seemed that he did not take Yun Luo seriously.
Yun Luo didn't seem to be happy to see the aquiline nose. "No need to welcome me! I still have things to do. You can leave now. "
The hook-nosed man stroked his chin and didn't retreat when he heard Yun Luo's words. Instead, he looked at Luo Zheng with interest and even sniffed his nose. He chuckled and said, "I don't know where Palace Master found this little guy. He smells like an Ascender, right?"
Hearing this, Yun Luo blinked and stared at the aquiline nose, asking, "What do you think?"
The aquiline nose smiled, "Nothing. I don't pick up trash. Palace Lord, do you want to see the two newcomers I brought back this time?"
As soon as his voice fell, two young cultivators behind him looked over, their faces filled with pride. These two cultivators were only in the Life and Death Realm, but like Sima Yulong, they were also cultivators who had undergone nine minor Heavenly Tribulations!
The two of them naturally did not dare to be disrespectful to Yun Luo, but their eyes were full of disdain when they looked at Luo Zheng intentionally or unintentionally.
Yun Luo looked at the two and said indifferently, "Not bad. It seems that my Misty Clouds Palace can cultivate two more geniuses."
The aquiline nose smiled, "Of course. This one is the son of the Realm Lord of the Great Wheel Realm. When he was just born, his father used the power of the Great Wheel Realm to purify his body … The other one has inherited the bloodline of the Heavenly Rat. His lotus flower has already sprouted seven leaves. Hehe, I guess he'll be qualified to join Swallow Cloud Hall after he breaks through the Divine Sea Realm!"
"Oh," Yun Luo replied indifferently. It seemed that she didn't want to argue with the aquiline nose here. She was about to leave with Luo Zheng.
Unexpectedly, the aquiline nose still stopped in front of Yun Luo and continued, "Palace Lord, I wonder what this boy said that made you bring him back in person? He seems to have a strong background. "
"I can see that. I wonder where this ascender came from!"
"Hehe, I can smell the dirt on him from several feet away!"
The two cultivators with extraordinary backgrounds behind the hook-nosed man spoke up.
In fact, they were very respectful to Yun Luo, but this time, they saw that the hawk-nosed man didn't put Yun Luo in his eyes. They also saw that the hawk-nosed man originally wanted to trample on Yun Luo's face. The two of them were quick-witted, so they naturally opened their mouths to target Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo's face showed a trace of anger. She seemed to be a little afraid of the aquiline nose, but it was inconvenient for her to lose her temper. She couldn't think of an appropriate way to deal with it.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled, sniffed, and said, "Why can't I smell it?"
One of them said sarcastically, "How can you smell yourself if you don't smell it after staying in Baosi for a long time?"
"Oh!" Luo Zheng sniffed and said, "So that's how it is. I guess the two of you can't smell yourselves either!"
"What smell do we have?" One of the warriors asked faintly.
"Of course it's the smell of idiots," Luo Zheng said with a smile and covered his nose, "Although it's not smelly, it's smelly enough. We shouldn't stay here for long!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yun Luo laughed. Although she knew that Luo Zheng was a guy who wouldn't suffer losses, she didn't expect his words to be so sharp.
"How dare you!" One of them said angrily.
"How dare you!" Luo Zheng said immediately.
"Boy, what are you …"
"Boy, what are you? Do you know who my father is …" Luo Zheng continued to say, and even said the second half of his sentence first.
＝＝＝＝＝