Luo Zheng's imitation was perfect, and he was even able to say what the other party wanted to say first. This immediately stunned the other party.
The martial artist was stunned, "How did you know that I …"
"How did you know what I wanted to say?" Luo Zheng continued, "Isn't that simple? Because it's easy for an idiot to guess!"
"Pfff …"
Even as the Palace Master of Misty Cloud Palace, Yun Luo couldn't help but laugh.
As for the aquiline-nosed man, his face was extremely ugly. His eyes were cold as he stared at Luo Zheng.
The eyes of the two geniuses from the Great World were like knives, wanting to cut Luo Zheng to death …
Luo Zheng's move was learned from the old man from the Demi-Immortal Clan. Every time he spoke, he would speak first. Sometimes, it really made people feel depressed.
He knew how to observe people's expressions. He could see that the aquiline-nosed man and Yun Luo didn't get along. Since they weren't on the same side, Luo Zheng didn't have any scruples. He had always been like this.
The hook-nosed man had originally recruited two good seedlings and wanted to show off in front of Yun Luo. Originally, the results were indeed good. Martial artists who could open the Seven Petal Lotus were rare in the universe. Naturally, he was somewhat proud of himself. However, he did not expect that his good mood would be ruined by this kid.
"Brat, martial artists don't rely on their mouths to eat." The aquiline-nosed man stared coldly at Luo Zheng and said.
"I'll have to trouble you. I have my own master, I don't need you to teach me." Luo Zheng replied with a straight face. Normal martial artists would be very nervous when facing a Sector Master level martial artist, but some arrogant martial artists might be very excited, but Luo Zheng's mentality was very stable!
If he was too nervous, he would lose face for Yun Luo, but if he was too aggressive and didn't control his words well, he would give the other party something they could use against him. Although Luo Zheng had just scolded someone, he hadn't scolded the hook-nosed man, but the two cultivators behind him who were of the same generation as him. Facing the hook-nosed man, he was neither servile nor overbearing, and his performance was flawless.
"Master?" The aquiline-nosed man laughed, "I don't know what cultivation level the master of a martial artist from the lower realm has."
Yun Luo's face also revealed a strange expression. Luo Zheng … had a master? In her memory, all along the way, Luo Zheng relied on himself. He didn't have a master.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng said seriously, "I don't know."
"You don't even know your master's cultivation level." The aquiline-nosed man shook his head.
But then, Luo Zheng's master. "A faint smile appear on Luo Zheng's face.............
Hearing this, the hook-nosed man was stunned. Even Yun Luo was shocked. An existence that the entire universe looked up to? .............
. Luo Zheng then added, "Of course, that's in my mind!"
When the hook-nosed man heard these words, he realized that he had lost his composure. His emotions seemed to have been unintentionally stirred up by this little brat, and his train of thought followed this little brat. He was a dignified Sector Lord, and no matter how big the matter was, he would not be affected by it. However, he was stunned by a few words from this little brat. This was indeed embarrassing!
If they weren't in the Misty Clouds Palace, he would have killed this kid ten thousand times already!
But Luo Zheng's words to him were not disrespectful at all. He wanted to reprimand Luo Zheng, but he didn't know where to start. Finally, he could only grit his teeth and said coldly, "Let's go! To the Divine Weapon Hall! "
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
These people didn't seem to want to stay here for a moment. In the blink of an eye, they left quickly.
As for Yun Luo, she was beaming with joy. She stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I really underestimated you!"
Luo Zheng sighed softly and said, "I can't help it. I've met too many people like this. I'm used to it …"
In this world, there were always some people who were looking for trouble and would unintentionally jump in front of him. If he could fight, of course, Luo Zheng would 'teach' the two boys a lesson. But in the current situation where he couldn't fight, he could only use his mouth.
After this incident, Yun Luo's mood suddenly improved. As she walked, she told Luo Zheng that the aquiline-nosed man was called Xu Can, and he was the Deputy Palace Master of the Misty Clouds Palace!
Xu Can had a strong background. He was also the son of a Celestial Master. After Xu Can entered the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, he wanted to compete with Yun Luo for the position of Palace Master. He wanted to force Yun Luo down, so the two of them had never gotten along.
This time, Xu Can wanted to take the opportunity to ridicule Yun Luo, but he was driven away by Luo Zheng. Of course, Yun Luo was very happy.
After walking up the stairs, Yun Luo stretched out her hand to Luo Zheng and said, "Give it to me!"
"What?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Don't you want to help Xun recover her soul?" Yun Luo asked.
"Now?" Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment.
Yun Luo shook her head and said, "Xun was once a half step sector lord. It's impossible to completely recover her soul in a short period of time. But if you want to wake her up and recover half of her soul, I have a way."
Hearing Yun Luo's words, Luo Zheng happily took out the Soul Nurturing Wood. He checked Xun in the Soul Nurturing Wood and felt a warm feeling in his hand. Xun had been asleep for quite some time. Now that she could finally wake up, what would her expression be when she woke up and found herself in a great world?
After passing the Soul Nurturing Wood to Yun Luo, Yun Luo gave Luo Zheng a jade scroll and a small jade pendant. She said, "This jade scroll contains the map of the Misty Clouds Palace. Those who enter the thirteen palaces will have the chance to pick a weapon for free from the God Weapon Hall! It's up to you what weapon you can pick. "
Weapon …
"What's the grade of weapon? Is there a god artifact? "Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "What do you think the thirteen palaces are? You don't even have a god artifact … "Yun Luo shook her head. She naturally knew that Luo Zheng didn't understand the meaning of the thirteen palaces in the alliance!
The top geniuses of the three thousand worlds gathered here. If there were any weapons below god artifact in the God Weapon Hall, wouldn't it be a joke?
Luo Zheng nodded. In the battle with Sima Yulong, his saint artifact was broken. Of course, the illusion space was just a projection. His high grade saint artifact naturally wasn't broken. But it did reveal that Luo Zheng didn't have a suitable weapon.
Since he had the chance to pick a weapon, why would Luo Zheng let it go?
While Yun Luo was helping Xun recover her soul, Luo Zheng was following the map in the jade scroll and traveling through the Misty Clouds Palace.
Previously, in the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall of the Spiritual Martial Holy Land, there were top geniuses of a tenth grade Holy Land. But in the Misty Clouds Palace, as one of the thirteen palaces of the alliance, there were thousands of geniuses of the Holy Lands gathered here!
Any one of them was enough to become a core member of a tenth grade Holy Land. For example, the Spiritual Martial Holy Land also wanted to put Sima Yulong into the Thirteen Palaces to train him. They hoped that he could get better resources and opportunities.
After traveling through the vast Misty Clouds Palace for a long time, Luo Zheng found the God Weapon Hall!
At the entrance of the God Weapon Hall, there were also two guards. The cultivation of these two guards was much stronger than the guards on the stairs. They were two experts of the Divine Realm.
In front of the armored soldiers, there were quite a number of warriors surrounding them.
These warriors were very young, about the same age as Luo Zheng. The older ones were only in their thirties. They gathered together and pointed at the God Weapon Hall.
"Today, the God Weapon Hall seems to have added a few more first grade god artifacts!"
"So what if there are more? Ordinary people can't get them … "
"I'll try my luck!"
"Hey, it costs 300 Zhen Yuanyu to try. If you don't feel the pinch, go ahead and try it!"
These warriors should be the geniuses sent to the Thirteen Palaces by various big realms. Hearing their words, Luo Zheng's face revealed a puzzled expression.
Entering the God Weapon Hall to pick a weapon required 300 Zhen Yuanyu?