Standing at the entrance of the Divine Weapon Hall, Luo Zheng observed for a while. Then, he saw two people walking over.
They were the two people who had a conflict with Luo Zheng on the steps of the Misty Cloud Palace. They held a small jade pendant in their hands and waved it in front of the two Ultimate Divine Realm armored soldiers. Then, they walked into the Divine Weapon Hall.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
He was stupid. Yun Luo had given him a jade pendant. Of course, there was a use for it.
So, he walked in front of the armored soldiers and waved the jade pendant. Then, he followed the two warriors and entered the Divine Weapon Hall.
As for those martial artists behind, they actually wanted to squeeze in behind Luo Zheng with a hubbub.
The two armored soldiers at the entrance had gloomy faces and blocked them.
"Uncle, we're just going in to take a look. Anyway, without the jade pendant, we can't choose a weapon …"
"It doesn't affect anything. Just make an exception."
Luo Zheng looked back. He was speechless. It was just choosing a weapon. What was there to see? It seemed that there was no lack of lively people everywhere. It was the same in the Upper Realm.
Unexpectedly, their pleading was effective. The armored soldiers only said, "After entering, don't make a noise! If you violate it, you will be expelled immediately! "
After getting the approval of the two armored soldiers, the warriors followed Luo Zheng into the Divine Weapon Hall.
"Hey, hey, hey, newcomer …" One of the warriors at the eighth level of the Life and Death Realm patted Luo Zheng's shoulder from behind.
However, before he could pat Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng lowered his shoulder and twisted his body slightly. He easily avoided the pat. Then, he asked indifferently, "What's the matter?"
The warrior was stunned for a moment. Then, he said, "What grade of weapon do you want to choose?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng replied, "Naturally, the more suitable the weapon, the better."
"Hehe, that's a good answer. Nowadays, these juniors are eyeing those high-grade divine weapons. They don't know that the one that suits them is the best!" An old man with white eyebrows sat at the side of the Divine Weapon Hall.
Luo Zheng nodded at the old man and smiled faintly. The old man said, "If you want to choose a weapon, just give me the jade pendant."
After giving the jade pendant, Luo Zheng looked at the Divine Weapon Hall.
In the center of the Divine Weapon Hall was a wide dome. There were many balls of light floating in the dome..
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and looked over. He saw that the ball of light contained weapons of various shapes and sizes.
"Divine weapons …"
No wonder Yun Luo didn't know whether to laugh or cry when she talked about it. She probably thought that she had underestimated Misty Cloud Palace.
Every weapon in the balls of light was a divine weapon.
Perhaps Luo Zheng's words made the old man with white eyebrows feel comfortable, so he said a few more words for Luo Zheng. "The weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall are all divine weapons. However, the divine weapons below the dome are divided into good and bad grades. The divine weapons at the bottom are the Secondary Grade Three, which is the worst grade."
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. The Secondary Grade Three was the Semi-Divine Weapon in the four Divine Kingdoms.
"The higher you go, the higher the grade of the divine weapons. However, it is more difficult to get them. If you want to get a suitable weapon, you have to rely on your own ability!" The old man with white eyebrows said faintly.
At this moment, the two warriors who had a bad relationship with Luo Zheng came from the other side of the Divine Weapon Hall. There was one more person beside them. This person's cultivation was already in the Divine Sea Realm.
On the stairs, Luo Zheng had ridiculed the two warriors in front of the Vice Palace Master. When the two saw Luo Zheng, how could they be happy?
One of them saw Luo Zheng and said to the Divine Sea Realm warrior, "Brother, that's the guy!"
"Oh?" The Divine Sea Realm warrior looked at Luo Zheng faintly and walked over. "A newcomer in the Life and Death Realm, and an ascender. How can you be so arrogant? It's really rare …"
This warrior of the Spirit Sea Realm was not that old, so it was inappropriate to call Luo Zheng "little guy".
The warriors who were watching the show became cautious when they saw the Divine Sea Realm warrior. They were muttering in their hearts, "How did this newcomer offend this guy?"
The Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance was originally a place to cultivate the core talents of the 3,000 Great Worlds. The purpose was to gather the most talented warriors and nurture more powerful warriors.
The Misty Cloud Palace was only one of the palaces. It was interdependent and competitive with the other twelve palaces.
In the Misty Cloud Palace, the status of warriors was divided into two halls.
Warriors who had just entered the Heavenly Palace were members of the Lingyun Hall. Luo Zheng, for example, had not gone through a series of procedures yet. He was purely a newcomer. If he went further, he could join the Swallow Cloud Hall.
The Divine Sea Realm warrior in front of Luo Zheng was called Xie Mang. Although he was also a member of the Lingyun Hall, his ranking was very high. Maybe he could be promoted to the Swallow Cloud Hall in the next batch.
Xie Mang was not only powerful, but also very talented. He was also the son of a Realm Lord. Today, his younger brother Xie Jun was also invited to the Heavenly Palace. Naturally, he came personally and brought his younger brother to pick a weapon.
Along the way, Xie Jun told him that there seemed to be a very arrogant newcomer who dared to talk nonsense in front of the Vice Palace Lord. When he saw Luo Zheng, it was inevitable that he would ridicule him.
Hearing Xie Mang's words, Luo Zheng looked indifferent. Previously, he only spoke to help Yun Luo. Now that the other party was clearly provoking him, Luo Zheng did not even bother to speak. Instead, he asked the old man with white eyebrows, "Is there only one chance to pick a weapon?"
The old man with white eyebrows nodded, "Yes. According to the rules of the Divine Weapon Hall, there is only one chance!"
Luo Zheng smiled and was about to enter the dome to pick a weapon. Unexpectedly, Xie Mang said, "My younger brother came first. Of course, they can pick first."
The old man with white eyebrows seemed to see eye to eye with Luo Zheng. This time, he looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng shrugged and revealed a casual expression. The old man with white eyebrows said, "It doesn't matter who came first. Both of you can enter and pick a weapon."
Xie Mang patted Xie Jun's shoulder and glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng. The people who came to the Thirteen Palaces were all geniuses of various Great Worlds. However, Xie Mang was able to establish himself in the Lingyun Hall. How could he put Luo Zheng in his eyes? In the future, there would be plenty of opportunities to make this kid suffer. There was no need for him to do it personally. He said to his younger brother, "Do your best and strive to get a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon!"
Most of the cultivators here actually had a background. However, not everyone could get a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon.
Sima Yulong's Jiangshan Sheji Sword was given to him by the Sacred Lord. If he left the Myriad Spirit Martial Hall, it would return to its original place.
Xie Jun nodded and walked to the center of the dome. After glancing at the sky, he suddenly leaped up!
"Buzz …"
The moment Xie Jun leaped up, the light spots on the dome flew up in an instant!
When Jun Xie reached a height of six meters, his speed began to slow down. It seemed that he was having a hard time doing so ….
Seeing this scene, the surrounding warriors also began to discuss in low voices.
"Xie Mang's strength is valiant, but his younger brother is ordinary …"
"Let alone a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon, I'm afraid he won't even be able to get a Secondary Grade Two Divine Weapon."
"I wasted a spot. I might as well give him a Secondary Grade Two Divine Weapon in exchange for the jade pendant. Let me go up and try …"
Luo Zheng originally didn't understand what was going on with the dome. Now that he saw it, he understood. Xie Jun was a ninth stage Life and Death Realm cultivator, which was similar to Sima Yulong's cultivation. However, it wouldn't be easy for him to get a better weapon.
Xie Jun was struggling more and more. In the end, he was barely able to catch a light spot before falling down from the dome. His face was red from holding his breath.
He had only obtained a single Third Grade Divine Artifact. It was a golden handaxe, and its value was estimated to be around twenty to thirty True Essence Jades. Putting aside the question of whether it was worth anything, the main thing was that he had lost a great deal of face!
"I don't want this!" Xie Jun said stubbornly after getting up. He threw the golden hand axe aside and tried to fly up to the dome again.
However, the white-browed old man stretched out his hand and gently squeezed. An invisible force suddenly pressed down on Xie Jun. Xie Jun, who had just left the ground, felt like he was hit by a hammer and fell to the ground again!
"The weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall are free for the first time. The second time you get them, you have to pay three hundred Zhen Yuanyu," the white-browed old man said indifferently. "If you want to go up again, you have to pay the Zhen Yuanyu first!"