Xie Mang couldn't help but feel embarrassed when he saw that his younger brother had only managed to obtain a third-grade divine artifact despite his efforts.
Xie Jun crawled up from the ground with an unwilling expression on his face.
With their status, they didn't even place a Tier 3 Divine Artifact in their eyes. Xie Jun said angrily: "I underestimated the pressure of the dome! Brother, I want to try again! "
The price for another attempt was 300 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, which was equivalent to 3,000,000 top-grade True Origin Stones. It was an astronomical figure for most cultivators.
Of course, it was also a considerable sum for the cultivators of Misty Cloud Palace. Although it was painful, Xie Mang waved his hand and took out 300 pieces of True Origin Stones and threw them on the white-browed elder's table.
The white-browed elder smiled faintly and accepted the 300 pieces of True Origin Stones. Then, Xie Jun jumped up again and headed for the dome.
In fact, with Jun Xie's strength, he could have easily grabbed a secondary grade two divine artifact. However, when he fell down, he only managed to grab a grade three divine artifact. He was extremely unwilling to give up and fell into the heart of a gambler. Since he had wasted a chance, this time he was going to get it back with interest!
His target turned out to be a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon …
He had set his sights on a first-grade divine artifact, but in the end, he was knocked down by the enormous pressure and landed heavily on the ground. He didn't manage to obtain anything.
Xie Mang frowned when he saw this.
As for the other warriors in the Divine Weapon Hall, they also let out a sigh. These three hundred True Origin Jades were equivalent to being thrown into the water.
This time, Xie Jun was too embarrassed to ask him to try again. He could only silently retreat to the side.
At this time, Xie Mang took out another 400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu and handed them to the white-browed elder. He then said, "Here are 400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. Let me try this time!"
"400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He had only asked for 300 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. Why did Xie Mang ask for an extra 100 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu?
However, Luo Zheng's confusion was immediately solved by the cultivators' discussion.
"I'm going to faint. Xie Mang is really ambitious. He's eyeing the first-grade divine artifacts!"
"But Xie Mang is already very strong. Now that he's a Divine Sea Realm cultivator, he might be able to obtain a first-grade divine artifact!"
"Hehe, he wants to earn back what his younger brother lost with interest. However, the pressure in the dome is adjusted according to the cultivation of the cultivator. These first-grade divine artifacts have been here for who knows how many years, but how many have been taken away? I heard from a senior in the Lingyun Hall that the last time a first-grade divine artifact was taken away was probably a hundred years ago. "
First-grade divine artifact?
Luo's eyebrows's's.
When he was in the Lower Realm, whether it was the Central Domain or the Sea God Continent, the weapons he used were all top-grade. However, when he came to the Divine Kingdom Continent, they fell behind.
However, the most important reason was that Luo Zheng relied too much on his own body and not the weapon in his hand. This was because his body was a weapon. However, when he came to the Divine Realm, Luo Zheng also understood the importance of a top-grade divine artifact.
Although the Black Star Pickaxe was a supreme divine artifact, it was not suitable to show it in public. Moreover, it was not suitable to use it in battle.
"Let's observe for a while first," Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After the white-haired old man received the 400 pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, he still had a faint smile on his face. Then, he stretched out his hand and a picture scroll appeared in his hand. The picture scroll was engraved with illustrations of various divine artifacts.
"The Divine Weapon Pavilion's first-grade divine artifact, the Blood Dripping Spear, has been borrowed by a deacon. Apart from that, there are 16 other first-grade divine artifacts. You can choose any four of them. I will place them on the dome," said the white-haired old man.
"I know the rules." Xie Mang nodded. His gaze swept across the picture scroll.
After that, Xie Mang casually gave some pointers and picked out four weapons from the sixteen first-grade divine artifacts.
From the looks of it, Xie Mang was a sword cultivator. The four weapons he chose were all first-grade divine artifacts. They were the Scarlet Flame Immortal Melody Sword, the Ancient Book Sword, the Shadow Sky Sword, and the Ten Directional Howl Sword.
After Xie Mang made his choice, the old man stretched out his hand and lightly flicked it. Everyone saw four red dots of light enter the dome. The red dots of light were very eye-catching among the white dots of light. However, after floating for a while, the red dots of light floated to the highest point of the dome.
Obviously, these first-grade divine artifacts were priceless items. It would not be easy to obtain them.
Not to mention a Divine Sea Realm martial artist, even a Divine Reaching Realm martial artist or someone of a higher realm would not be able to obtain a first-grade divine artifact so easily.
For example, when the elders and deacons of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace did not have a suitable weapon, they would need to borrow these weapons from the Divine Weapon Hall. When they returned, they would also need to return these weapons.
However, placing these first-grade divine artifacts here was actually just a form of encouragement. Whether it was the Lingyun Hall or the Swallow Cloud Hall, very few martial artists could obtain them. Those who could obtain first-grade divine artifacts were as rare as phoenix feathers and unicorn horns.
Xie Mang had the intention to challenge him. Moreover, his younger brother had given him a free opportunity. In addition to the three hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu just now, it was not a small expense for him. If he could obtain a first-grade divine artifact, it would be a hundredfold profit!
Moreover, if he obtained a first-grade divine artifact, not only would he obtain treasures, but he would also become famous in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, Xie Mang walked to the center of the dome. He did not rush to the top of the dome. Instead, he made some preparations. First, he swallowed an elixir. This elixir could increase the power of the Zhen Yuanyu in his Inner World by at least twenty percent. This elixir was worth thirty to forty pieces of Zhen Yuanyu. However, since he had already given away four hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, he naturally had to throw in this elixir as well.
After swallowing the elixir, he took a deep breath and then slowly left the ground.
He knew that there would be a delay in the gravity of the dome. Although the delay was very short, less than a blink of an eye, it was very precious to him.
This was because the gravity of the dome would sense the power of the cultivator. When the cultivator increased his power, the gravity of the dome would increase accordingly!
Therefore, Xie Mang only slowly flew up into the sky. Even so, the force was still very powerful. Moreover, as he flew higher and higher, the gravity he felt also became stronger and stronger.
At this moment, there were many white specks of light floating around Xie Mang. Those specks of light contained Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifacts. Weapons of this level were naturally not worthy of his attention. He did not even spare them a glance as he continued to increase his own strength.
Soon, the light spots floating around him were Secondary Grade Two divine artifacts. Then, they were Second Grade Two divine artifacts …
The cultivators in the Divine Weapon Hall began to discuss again.
"He has already reached the area of Second Grade Two divine artifacts. In fact, he won't lose anything by casually grabbing a Second Grade Two divine artifact!"
"Yes, Second Grade Two divine artifacts are not bad. However, since he took out an extra hundred pieces of Zhen Yuanyu, his target must be the First Grade Two divine artifacts …"
"First Grade Two divine artifacts are still very difficult. If he can't grab a First Grade Two divine artifact, I'm afraid his efforts will be in vain."
At this moment, Xie Mang's face was flushed red. Under the pressure of the terrifying gravity, even an inch higher was comparable to ascending to the heavens. However, he still gritted his teeth and slowly increased his altitude. He was too lazy to even look at the white light spots floating around him.
In his eyes, there were only those red light spots. They were the First Grade Two divine artifacts!
As he increased his altitude inch by inch, he swept past the Second Grade Two divine artifacts and arrived at the area of Secondary Grade Two divine artifacts.
At this moment, he was less than ten feet away from those red light spots. Looking at the four red light spots floating in the sky, Xie Mang's eyes flashed with a hint of malevolence.
＝＝＝＝＝