Xie Mang's original plan was to explode when he was about five feet away from the red dots of light. He wanted to take advantage of the fact that the gravity had not abruptly increased to rush up.
This experience was said to have been left behind by a senior who had once used this method to obtain a first-grade divine artifact.
However, Xie Mang was already nearing his limit. It would be extremely difficult to ascend even an inch. At that moment, he was only relying on his willpower to forcefully hold on.
After a few breaths, he finally managed to ascend a quarter of a foot. He realized that he was already an arrow at the end of its flight. If he did not explode now, he might not have another chance. He clenched his teeth and the True Origin Sea in his body suddenly surged with monstrous waves.
Xie Mang, who had been slowly ascending, suddenly sped up.
However, the moment Xie Mang unleashed his power, the gravity pressing down from the dome increased exponentially!
"I've been tricked!"
Didn't they say that there would be a delay in the increase in gravity? Why did the gravity increase the moment he exploded?
The old man sitting at the table sneered, "Walking the crooked path and not relying on your own strength, you will fail in the end!"
In fact, Xie Mang had not been tricked.
Using this method to obtain the divine artifact on the dome was indeed feasible for a period of time.
The gravity runes on the dome were also constantly detecting the situation of the cultivators. However, there was a certain delay in this detection. Some cultivators discovered a loophole and flew into the dome to suppress their strength. When they were close enough, they would suddenly erupt with all their strength.
Although the delay was very short, not even the blink of an eye, it was enough to allow the cultivators to ascend by quite a bit.
Since it was a loophole, it was naturally not allowed. Although the Divine Armament Hall did not explicitly forbid it, they had secretly repaired the divine patterns on the dome to block the loophole.
Right now, Xie Mang had been tricked by this loophole.
Although he had exploded with the True Origin Sea in his body, the gravity had also multiplied. Although the explosion had increased his height by several feet, there was still some distance between him and the nearest red dot of light.
The most despicable thing was that the red dot of light seemed to be deliberately drifting toward his hand. The distance between the two was only one foot. However, this one foot was like a natural chasm to Xie Mang.
"Let's fight!"
At this moment, Xie Mang's eyes turned red. He bit the tip of his tongue and began burning his essence blood!
It was very difficult to make up for the loss of blood essence. Even if it was possible to make up for it, one would have to pay a considerable price.
The current Xie Mang was like a gambler who had lost everything. The more he lost, the more he had to recoup his losses. As such, he had to invest even more in order to win back all that he had lost in one go.
However, Xie Mang seemed to have forgotten that the Divine Rune of Gravity would increase according to the power Xie Mang unleashed. After he ignited his blood essence, he obtained an upward force, but the gravity became even more terrifying …
One foot, half a foot, one inch …
Despite the immense gravity, Xie Mang was only an inch away from the red dot of light!
If he remembered correctly, the treasured sword in this light spot was the Ten Directional Howl Sword!
He had studied the Ten Directional Whistling Sword in detail before. The heavy sword was not heavy for the wielder, but in reality, it contained the weight of ten thousand mountains. The wielder could control this weight as he wished, so a single slash was equivalent to the power of ten thousand mountains.
Once he obtained it, he would have earned it back!
Xie Mang clenched his teeth. He could feel that his fingertips had already touched the red dot of light. As long as he moved up half an inch, he would be able to grab the dot of light in his hand!
However, at this moment, a scene that caused him to despair occurred. The dot of light nimbly jumped and moved away from Xie Mang …
The dots of light above the dome were not fixed existences. They were like little fairies, flying all over the dome.
Seeing this scene, Xie Mang could no longer hold his breath. His strength weakened and his entire body was directly pressed down by the gravity!
While being pressed down by the gravity, Xie Mang's hands fluttered wildly in an attempt to grab another divine artifact.
"Rumble!"
A loud sound suddenly exploded in the Divine Weapon Hall. Xie Mang's body had already heavily smashed into the floor. As he fell, he did manage to grab a divine artifact. Lying on the floor, Xie Mang picked up the divine artifact and looked at it. He was so angry that he almost vomited blood. It was actually a Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifact! Even his younger brother, Xie Jun, could not compare to it.
"He still failed!"
"Actually, it's not bad. This Xie Mang is indeed not an ordinary person. He just lacked a bit of luck!"
"Don't forget that he must have burned his blood essence. Xie Mang must have suffered a great loss!"
After Xie Mang crawled up from the ground, his face was filled with depression. He threw the Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifact aside.
Seeing that Xie Mang was angry, the white-browed old man smiled. "Do you want to try again?"
"There's no need!" Xie Mang said coldly. After investing so much, he only obtained a Secondary Grade Three Divine Artifact. He felt that it was quite embarrassing. He did not want to stay here any longer and prepared to leave with Xie Jun.
At this time, Luo Zheng handed the jade pendant to the old man and asked, "If I want to take the first-grade divine artifacts, do I have to pay an extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu?"
The jade pendant in Luo Zheng's hand was the opportunity to enter the dome and obtain a divine artifact. In fact, it was equivalent to three hundred Zhen Yuanyu. Adding an extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu meant that Luo Zheng's intention was very obvious. He wanted to obtain the first-grade divine artifact.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xie Mang, who was about to leave, suddenly stopped. A mocking smile appeared on his face. He said indifferently, "Hehe, you've just entered the Misty Clouds Heavenly Palace and you want to take the first-grade divine artifact? You're overestimating yourself!"
After saying that, he did not leave. He really wanted to see if Luo Zheng was bragging or if he really had the courage to choose a first-grade divine artifact! It was like some people who fell down in a place and hoped that others would fall down in the same place. This way, they could prove that they were not the only idiot who made a mistake here.
The old man with white eyebrows laughed and said, "That's the theory. However, according to the rules, if someone pays an extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu today, he can also take the first-grade divine artifact above!"
In other words, Luo Zheng did not need to pay the extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu and he would not take the four first-grade divine artifacts above the dome.
Luo Zheng nodded indifferently and said, "But I still want to see the drawing!"
It was not that Luo Zheng was greedy, but Luo Zheng knew that it was not easy to choose a weapon that suited him. Therefore, he wanted to take a look at it.
"Sure." The old man with white eyebrows nodded indifferently. He opened the drawing and handed it to Luo Zheng.
On the first page of the drawing, there were a total of sixteen first-grade divine artifacts. Xie Mang had chosen four swords from these sixteen artifacts.
Luo Zheng skimmed through them one by one. The four swords were the only sword-shaped weapons among the sixteen first-grade divine artifacts. The others were sabers, spears, bows, and even a bag of arrows …
With just one look, Luo Zheng knew that he did not need to pay the extra hundred Zhen Yuanyu. However, when he flipped the drawing, he found that there was a second page.
"Huh? The second page? "Luo Zheng's face revealed a curious expression.
There were only three weapons on the second page!
Xie Mang sneered when he saw Luo Zheng's expression. "You don't need to look at the second page. Those things are not for you to control!"
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at Xie Mang and said, "I'll look at it myself. What does that have to do with you?"
Xie Mang was originally still angry. When he heard a junior who had just joined the Misty Cloud Palace speak to him in such a manner, he was immediately filled with killing intent. Beside him, Xie Jun said, "Brother, this kid's mouth is so cheap!"
Sensing Xie Mang's killing intent, Luo Zheng did not move. Instead, he looked indifferently at Xie Jun with a mocking expression and continued to look at the second page of the drawing.
The old man with white eyebrows said, "The rules of the Divine Weapon Hall cannot be broken. If you want to fight, fight outside!"