In fact, the second page wasn't a secret in the Divine Weapon Hall.
The Misty Cloud Palace had this tradition for generations.
When the previous Palace Master left his post, he would leave behind one of his treasures and place it in the Divine Weapon Hall.
These three weapons were the weapons of the previous three Palace Masters.
Among the first-grade divine weapons, there were good ones and bad ones!
Naturally, the three divine weapons of the previous Palace Master couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as ordinary first-grade divine weapons!
Therefore, there was this rule. If one wanted to place the first-grade divine weapon on the first page into the dome, one had to pay one hundred Zhen Yuanyu. Then, one could place any four of them.
If one wanted to place the first-grade divine weapon on the second page into the dome, one still had to pay one hundred Zhen Yuanyu. However, one could only place one weapon.
Luo Zheng carefully looked at the three weapons.
Two of the three weapons were sabers. They were the Pure Yang Mystic Yellow Saber and the Flaming Sun Shadow Fire Saber!
Luo Zheng didn't practice saber techniques, so saber-type weapons weren't suitable for him. After a casual glance, he skipped the illustration.
But then, Luo Zheng's eyes stopped on the last weapon.
It was a sword.
"Thunder and Wind Divine Sword!"
The sword was five feet long!
It contained the power of wind and thunder. The sword's momentum was like the wind, and the sword's edge was like thunder …
I held this sword for two hundred thousand years. When I left, I placed this sword in the Divine Weapon Hall.
Those who are fated to take it with their own strength!
It's a pleasure to meet you. I hope this sword can shine more brilliantly!
Luo Zheng carefully read the words below the sword. These words should have been left by the previous Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace.
After reading, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He took out one hundred Zhen Yuanyu from his Sumeru Ring and handed it to the old man with white eyebrows.
The old man with white eyebrows smiled and asked, "Kid, have you made your choice?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"What did you choose? I'll show it to you. "The old man with white eyebrows smiled.
Luo Zheng pointed lightly and said, "That's it, the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword!"
"This sword was left behind by the previous Palace Master," the old man with white eyebrows said faintly.
"Could it be that this Palace Lord has already reached the Five Decays of Heaven and Man?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng was young, but the time scale in the Upper Realm was far from what he could imagine. Since he had left his position, it was very likely that he had entered the Five Decay of Celestial Being.
Actually, Luo Zheng was asking if the Palace Master had fallen by mentioning the Five Decays of Celestial Beings.
The white-browed old man sighed and shook his head. "No, this is the sword left behind by Palace Master Xiao. Not only did he not fall into the Five Decay of the Celestial Being, he is probably trying to break through to the Empyrean Realm!"
"Attack the Celestial Venerable Realm!" Luo Zheng took a deep breath.
The white-browed old man nodded but did not say much. He just flicked his finger lightly, and a blue light spot appeared in the dome.
Now, there were many white light spots floating under the dome, and there were four red light spots at the top. However, the blue light spot was floating at the highest point of the dome!
"Blue, blue light spots … This kid actually chose the divine weapon on the second page of the illustrated handbook!"
"Why are there blue light spots? Red light spots can be seen occasionally. Although I have never seen anyone successfully take a first-grade divine weapon, someone has challenged it. However, this is the first time I've seen a blue light spot!"
"Nonsense, it's impossible to take the weapon on the second page of the illustrated handbook! There's still a slight chance of getting the first-grade divine weapon on the first page, but the second-grade divine weapon on the second page … Hehe, although everyone has a lot of Zhen Yuanyu, who would throw Zhen Yuanyu into the water? "
"This kid is too arrogant. I guess he doesn't want to take the first-grade divine weapon at all. He just wants to spend 100 Zhen Yuanyu to see the good fortune …"
Many cultivators looked at the blue light spot above their heads and began to talk about it.
As for Xie Mang and Xie Jun, the smile on their faces became even wider. Xie Mang said, "I've been in the Misty Cloud Palace for so long, but I've never seen an idiot who actually put the weapon on the second page into the dome. The ignorant are truly fearless!"
Xie Jun smiled and said, "If you have too much Zhen Yuanyu and no place to spend it, you can just give it away. Why waste it?"
Luo Zheng naturally did not have many True Essence Jades to spend. These hundred True Essence Jades were returned to him because the armored soldiers of the Spirit Martial Holy Land were especially merciful. His entire net worth was only a little more than a hundred True Essence Jades. Now that he had placed such a heavy bet, his goal was naturally very simple. He must obtain this Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword!
Luo Zheng merely smiled in response to Xie Jun's words. He did not have the time to waste on this brat as he walked towards the center of the dome.
Xie Jun's strength and talent were not worth mentioning in Luo Zheng's eyes. However, his brother Xie Mang was an opponent that Luo Zheng had to pay attention to. Even if Xie Mang wanted to fly to the top of the dome, it would be very difficult for Luo Zheng to touch the blue light spot.
After adjusting his mentality, Luo Zheng took a deep breath and gently circulated the chaotic energy in his body. His figure quietly left the ground.
The moment Luo Zheng ascended, a force pressed down on his body.
"What a strong gravity." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed faintly.
This gravity was the same as the one in the space of the mineral tree in the Divine Kingdom's continent. However, it was not as tyrannical as the one in the space. The gravity of the mineral tree could not be resisted at all. As long as a leaf fell, it would be directly pulled down.
The gravity in front of Luo Zheng did not cause any trouble. He did not rush up, but slowly increased his altitude.
One zhang, two zhang …
As Luo Zheng's altitude increased, the gravity exerted on his body became stronger and stronger. It was as if there was a big hand in the dome, firmly grasping Luo Zheng and pulling him down.
However, even so, Luo Zheng still maintained a constant speed and calmly increased his speed. Apart from the fact that his speed was somewhat slow, it was impossible to see that there was such a gravity exerting on Luo Zheng's body.
"His momentum is not bad! This kid … doesn't seem to be pretending! "
"From the looks of it, it shouldn't be difficult for this kid to get a second grade divine tool!"
"Indeed, he's only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm. I think he'll be able to challenge the Swallow Cloud Hall soon!"
These cultivators did not know Luo Zheng. Previously, when they saw that Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm, they more or less looked down on him. However, now that they saw how Luo Zheng easily increased his altitude, they felt some admiration in their hearts.
Xie Mang coldly said, "Hmph, he's just pretending to be calm. I'm afraid he's already holding on for dear life. I've seen many people like him!"
"Brother is right. This kid can probably get a third grade divine tool at most!" Xie Jun also chimed in.
When the nearby cultivators heard this, some of them whispered, "Even a third grade divine tool is stronger than you guys …"
As for the white-browed old man, he still looked at Luo Zheng with an indifferent and amiable gaze. However, in the depths of his amiable gaze, there was a hint of surprise.
He had guarded the Divine Weapon Hall for so many years, and had seen too many cultivators who came to obtain divine tools. Among them, there were no doubt many brilliant geniuses who had strong confidence in themselves. However, the white-browed old man could feel the fluctuations in their state of mind.
Take Xie Mang for example. Although his speed was also increasing slowly, because he needed to draw out a considerable amount of power to resist the gravity, the speed of his increase was not uniform. Under careful observation, it was sometimes fast and sometimes slow.
This was similar to a person pushing a cart. Generally speaking, power was released in one breath, and it was very rhythmic.
However, there was an exception. If the cart was very light, the person pushing it could easily handle it and maintain a very uniform speed. Of course, if the cart was very heavy, the person pushing it would be incomparably strong, and could maintain a uniform speed.
Luo Zheng was like this. His speed of increase was very uniform, neither fast nor slow, neither slow nor fast. This showed that Luo Zheng's power was more than enough to deal with the gravity in front of him, or it could be said that he had completely suppressed the gravity to achieve this.