The interior of the Divine Weapon Hall was rather spacious. However, the dome above Luo Zheng was only about 200 zhang in height.
If it weren't for the strong gravitational pressure, any warrior who wanted to get close to the dome would only need an instant.
When Luo Zheng reached 50 zhang, the gravitational force was already comparable to a huge mountain pressing down on his body.
This level of gravity still didn't pose much of a problem for Luo Zheng. He still maintained a steady speed, but his expression was very calm. His eyes were fixed on the blue light in the depths of the dome. This was the target he wanted to obtain!
When Luo Zheng reached another 20 zhang in height, he was already able to touch some of the white light in the lowest layer.
When Luo Zheng passed by these white specks of light, he glanced at them indifferently. The white specks of light contained secondary grade three god artifacts, and there were all kinds of weapons. After a casual glance, Luo Zheng's target left these specks of light. He could only take one at a time. If he was itchy enough to take a single speck of light, he would probably be immediately pulled down from the sky by the old man.
At a height of 70 zhang, the gravitational force had more than doubled. Luo Zheng faintly felt some pressure.
However, this pressure was still very small. He continued to ascend slowly, neither too fast nor too slow.
At a height of 30 zhang, the pressure on Luo Zheng increased. Secondary grade three divine weapons floated around Luo Zheng.
Continue to ascend …
At a height of 120 zhang, the gravitational force doubled again. The surrounding light spots were secondary grade two divine weapons …
Continue …
At this time, the warriors who were originally clamoring in the Divine Weapon Hall had already quieted down.
Only now did they realize that Luo Zheng's effortless and calm appearance wasn't a pretense!
Even if he wanted to pretend, he had to have the ability to do so!
Xie Mang's face had already turned red at this height. However, Luo Zheng's face still didn't show much of a reaction. He didn't show any signs of weakness!
The surprise hidden in the depths of the white-browed old man's eyes was becoming more and more obvious!
"This kid, even at this height, he's still maintaining a constant speed. The gravity still doesn't have much effect on him?"
When they had just ascended, many martial artists were able to achieve a uniform speed. But now, they had already reached a height of 120 feet. Even at this height, he was still able to easily control himself. If this boy were to erupt with power and rush upwards, just how high could he reach?
In fact, when Luo Zheng took out 100 Zhen Yuanyu, the old man with white eyebrows originally wanted to dissuade him. But looking at Luo Zheng's serious eyes, he also knew that his dissuasion was useless.
What's more, young people had to have some drive. They had to have the ambition even though they knew it was impossible. Even if they failed, they could climb up again. This kid was only in his twenties. In the eyes of the white-browed old man, he was an infant. Some failures would be good for his future growth.
Therefore, the white-browed old man followed Luo Zheng's suggestion and placed the Thundergale Ghost Sword into the dome.
However, he did not even consider the possibility of Luo Zheng obtaining this first-grade divine weapon!
Of course, at this stage, the white-browed old man still did not think that Luo Zheng would be able to obtain it. However, based on Luo Zheng's momentum, it was possible for him to obtain the red dot of light, which was the first-grade divine weapon that Xie Mang had placed in the dome first.
Even so, it was still very good. To be able to obtain a first-grade divine weapon after entering the Divine Weapon Hall was extremely rare even in the other Twelve Heavenly Palaces, let alone the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
"He can still maintain a constant speed at 120 feet. I reckon he won't be able to hold on at 140 feet. After this height increases to 140 feet, the gravity will rapidly increase to a new level …" The white-browed old man was curious to what level this kid could reach.
Just as the white-browed old man was thinking about this, Luo Zheng had already crossed the height of 130 feet at a moderate pace.
When he approached the height of 140 feet, he suddenly felt that the gravity had doubled in an instant!
After several times of doubling, the gravity exerted on Luo Zheng's body had reached a terrifying level. This kind of constant doubling of gravity was extremely terrifying. After a few times of doubling, the gravity had increased by an order of magnitude.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body trembled slightly!
The originally quiet Divine Weapon Hall was suddenly filled with the sound of discussion, but the warriors kept their voices very low.
Although they could not obtain the divine weapon they wanted, they had already formed a sense of expectation for Luo Zheng. They just wanted to see what grade of divine weapon this newcomer could obtain!
Of course, not everyone had such expectations.
For example, the two brothers Xie Mang and Xie Jun, as well as the warrior who had joined the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace with Xie Jun …
How could they be happy when they saw that Luo Zheng had risen to a height of 140 feet?
Especially Xie Mang. He had entered the Divine Weapon Hall many times. Although his judgment was not as good as the white-browed old man's, Xie Mang already knew that Luo Zheng would obtain a Secondary Grade One Divine Weapon. As for a Grade One Divine Weapon, there might still be a slight chance!
Thinking that he had been in the Lingyun Hall for so long, but he was not as good as this newcomer who had just ascended, how could he not feel good?
At this time, Xie Mang even regretted staying here to see this scene. This kind of thing was a huge blow to his confidence. He had worked so hard for such a difficult thing, but it was easily done by a guy who looked much weaker than him. No one would be happy if this happened to him!
Moreover … Xie Mang had taken elixirs before, and later, he even burned his blood essence.
Burning one's blood essence was something that would only be used in a desperate situation. Compared to Luo Zheng, he wished he could find a hole to crawl into.
As for Xie Jun, he naturally had nothing to say. The gap between him and Luo Zheng was unimaginable. His heart was numb, but when he saw his brother's expression, he was a little worried. He only hoped that his brother would not be too sad, but he did not dare to open his mouth to comfort Xie Mang.
When Luo Zheng's body shook, the white-browed old man seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. This kid finally couldn't take it anymore.
If Luo Zheng could really maintain a constant speed all the way up, then he would be an indescribable monster!
Fortunately, there shouldn't be such an exaggerated kid in this world, the white-browed old man thought indifferently.
However, just as he sighed in his heart, his face suddenly stiffened, and the calm expression in his eyes was completely replaced by shock!
"This kid …"
It turned out that after experiencing the tremors, Luo Zheng had actually adapted to the gravity of a height of 140 feet in an instant. This guy was actually maintaining a constant speed and was still slowly rising …
At this time, even the white-browed old man could not sit still. Who recruited this kid into the Heavenly Palace?
Should he inform the Palace Master?
Thinking of this, he did not hesitate at all. He took out a Sound Transmitting Talisman. As the Sound Transmitting Talisman burned, the white-browed old man sent a voice into the talisman.
"Palace Master, there's a kid coming here to take the treasure. He seems to have just joined our Heavenly Palace, but I don't know who recruited him. This kid actually …"
Before the white-browed old man could finish speaking, Yun Luo's indifferent voice had already come back. "I know."
"How do you know?" The white-browed old man was stunned. He did not even finish speaking. Moreover, the Palace Master was not in the Divine Weapon Hall, so how did she know who he was talking about?
"I was the one who brought Luo Zheng to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Whatever he can get, I'll give it to him …" Yun Luo cut off the communication talisman after she finished speaking. Since she had promised Luo Zheng to help Xun recover her soul, she would do it. She was busy at the moment.
As for the white-browed old man's words, Yun Luo did not take it to heart.
At this time, there were definitely more warriors entering the Divine Weapon Hall than Luo Zheng. However, Yun Luo was very sure that there was no one else other than Luo Zheng who could make the old man so surprised to contact her. As for the two guys brought by Xu Can, it was impossible for them to make the old man so surprised.
No matter what, she still had a lot of confidence in Luo Zheng …
After Yun Luo cut off the Sound Transmitting Talisman, the white-browed old man fixed his eyes on Luo Zheng. Only then did he realize that this kid was brought in by the Palace Master himself.
Even if he was brought in personally by the Palace Master, so what? How could he be so monstrous? The old man with white eyebrows was in a daze. The Thirteen Palaces were originally a place to discover geniuses in the Alliance. Every year, many geniuses were found by the palace masters and vice palace masters, but geniuses like Luo Zheng were too rare.
＝＝＝＝＝