The other cultivators from the Martial Arts Hall couldn't figure out what was going on. They only felt that it was too easy for Luo Zheng to increase his height.
Apart from the white-browed elder, Xie Mang also saw through the mystery.
When Xie Mang was increasing his height, he also deliberately suppressed part of his power. However, he deliberately suppressed his power because he wanted to suddenly erupt after reaching a certain height. His starting point was different from Luo Zheng's.
Moreover, even if he deliberately suppressed his power, he would still be suppressed by the gravity at this height. How could he be as calm and composed as Luo Zheng and maintain a very uniform speed?
Judging from this, this kid's power was far from the limit!
Fifty zhang, sixty zhang …
Around Luo Zheng, those tiny white specks of light were pulsating restlessly. These white specks of light were all grade two divine artifacts.
Some of the dots of light even jumped onto Luo Zheng's face. As long as he stretched out his hand to grab them, they would be within his reach.
However, Luo Zheng still raised his head. The chaotic energy in his body was circulating even more vigorously …
At sixty zhang, there were second-grade divine weapons. At one hundred and eighty zhang, there were first-grade divine weapons.
At one hundred and ninety zhang, there were only four red dots of light. They were first-grade divine weapons that Xie Mang had spent four hundred Zhen Yuanyu to place in the dome.
The only first-grade divine weapon, a blue dot of light, floated at two hundred zhang. The azure blue dot of light stuck close to the dome's ceiling and constantly fluttered …
"Rise …"
At this time, the gravity was also getting stronger and stronger!
Even Luo Zheng felt that it was extremely strenuous. However, he maintained a delicate balance from beginning to end. The chaotic energy in his body circulated faster and faster. At the same time, he used the power of the dragon scales to resist the gravity.
In his mind, the dragon scales were lit up one by one by Luo Zheng.
Five hundred …
One thousand …
Two thousand …
When Luo Zheng activated the power of four thousand dragon scales, he had already reached one hundred and ninety zhang!
If Luo Zheng moved horizontally at this time, he could definitely catch up to the four first-grade divine weapons!
"This guy's target is actually the Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword …"
"Actually, as long as he catches a first-grade divine weapon, he'll make a fortune! This kid doesn't seem to be satisfied. "
"Nonsense. If you have the ability to chase after something better, why should you take something worse?"
Those martial artists already understood that Luo Zheng indeed had the strength!
Previously, Xie Mang had also reached a height of 190 feet. He was only a hair's breadth away from a grade one divine artifact. However, Xie Mang hadn't been at that height for long. He simply didn't have the power to chase after those red dots of light.
However, Luo Zheng had already stopped at a height of nineteen zhang, and was only one zhang away from the dome!
At this time, Luo Zheng had already ignored everything else. In his eyes, there was only the dancing blue light!
However, it was still far from enough to reach this height. These light spots were not stationary. They were like tiny fireflies, gently fluttering in the surroundings.
The fluttering speed wasn't fast. With a martial artist's reaction speed, even if these light spots fluttered ten times faster, they could still easily catch them.
However, under this gravity, even if one took a breath, the slightest bit of carelessness would cause one to be directly smashed down by the gravity. One could imagine how difficult it would be to catch those light spots.
After Luo Zheng locked onto those light spots, he let out a slight sigh of relief.
The Dark Thunder Wind Divine Sword was indeed difficult to catch. At the last three zhang, the gravity would double for every ten zhang. He had to double the power of the dragon scales to deal with this gravity.
At that height of twenty zhang, if the gravity doubled again, he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to withstand it.
This was because the limit of the power of the dragon scales Luo Zheng's body could withstand was six thousand.
He could indeed activate eight thousand dragon scales, but his body couldn't withstand it …
He could only give it a try!
It wasn't easy to reach this height. Of course, Luo Zheng didn't want to return empty-handed. If it was safe, he could indeed choose any of the four first grade divine weapons. However, since Luo Zheng had set a goal for himself, there was no reason not to complete it, even if it seemed a little difficult.
However, he had never been afraid of challenges. A martial artist could only grow through repeated challenges!
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly lit up the power of the six thousand dragon scales in his body!
The surging power was like a channel that opened a gate, flowing through Luo Zheng's limbs and bones. At the same time, crackling sounds came from Luo Zheng's body again.
"It seems that some kind of secret technique has been activated!"
"This kid probably doesn't know that under this dome, the stronger he is, the greater the gravity suppressed by the dome!"
"Let's wait and see. Whether he succeeds or not depends on this moment. However, no matter whether he succeeds or not, I admire this kid's courage. He just entered our Misty Cloud Palace, and he dares to attack the weapons left by the previous Palace Masters …"
Just as these warriors had said, after the power in Luo Zheng's body erupted, the corresponding gravitational force also rapidly increased.
However, the increase in gravity wasn't as fast as Luo Zheng's!
Because at this moment, Luo Zheng used the Chaotic Qi in his body to circulate the Law of Wind, and his Vital Essence began to erupt at the same time.
"Whoosh!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng could no longer maintain the slow speed of his ascent. Under this eruption, the speed of his ascent increased by several times!
"What a powerful gravity!"
At this height, under the influence of the powerful gravity, the surrounding space began to become incomparably viscous. It was as if Luo Zheng wasn't in the air, but in a quagmire. Every breath of air was like wet mud, firmly pressed down on Luo Zheng's body by the gravity.
However, Luo Zheng was like a nimble fish. At this moment, he didn't desperately rush upwards. Instead, he changed his direction and rushed diagonally. Then, he twisted his body and increased his altitude again!
After twisting a few times, Luo Zheng finally reached the height of the dome's ceiling!
All the warriors in the Divine Weapon Hall were no longer talking. Some of them were even clenching their fists. This scene that happened in front of them was indeed inconceivable. After all, the weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall were notoriously difficult to obtain.
At the same time, they also felt lucky. After all, there were still some martial artists who had taken away first-grade divine weapons. However, taking away the weapons of the previous Palace Masters had never happened even once.
Being able to witness this scene was enough for them to boast to their friends for a year …
Luo Zheng's body stabilized at a height of 200 feet. He knew that if he relaxed even a little bit, all his efforts would be for naught. He would fall directly to the ground like Xie Mang.
Therefore, after flying to this height, he concentrated all his attention on resisting the gravity and didn't rush to chase after the blue light spot.
As for the blue light spot, it continued to float around carelessly. Occasionally, it would get closer to Luo Zheng. However, as soon as it got close to Luo Zheng, it suddenly jumped away.
One breath …
Two breaths …
Luo Zheng's breathing became heavier and heavier.
His body had already reached the limit of what it could bear. Perhaps if he increased his strength even a little bit more, it would be like the straw that broke the camel's back. Either his body would collapse or he would be directly smashed down.
"He's in a daze. He's actually in a daze at a height of 200 feet. This person is really enchanting …"
"He's probably locking onto the blue light spot. A height of 200 feet is too terrifying. Right now, it's like he's walking on a tightrope. He can slow down, but he can't make any mistakes. Otherwise, he'll fall directly!"
"But there has to be a limit to how slow he can be. He's just standing there!"
At this moment, the white-browed elder had already stood up and looked at Luo Zheng …
At this moment, the white-browed elder suddenly had a thought. He didn't want Luo Zheng to obtain the Thundergale Divine Sword so easily. He wanted to see where Luo Zheng's limit was!
These light spots were personally placed by the white-browed elder. As long as he wanted to, he could easily control these light spots.