At this height, Luo Zheng had to prepare for ten breaths of time.
During this process, he could clearly see the trajectory of the blue light.
After determining the direction of the blue light spot in the next breath, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed and his body suddenly fluttered.
"Whoosh …"
Even though the power in his body was close to the limit, his speed was still not slow!
According to Luo Zheng's judgment, he should have an eighty percent chance of success!
As for the warriors below, they were all very excited.
"It's steady. He can still maintain such a speed. This guy is simply abnormal!"
"The value of any one of these three divine weapons is immeasurable. This guy has just entered the Misty Cloud Palace and he's already rich. He's really …"
Luo Zheng rushed towards the blue light, and the distance between the two was quickly shortened.
The blue light spot was drifting in a disorderly manner, but Luo Zheng was able to estimate its next possible trajectory and waited here in advance.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could be said to have reached his destination first. When the blue light hit him, the distance between the two was quickly shortened!
"It's close!"
At this time, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a smile. He suddenly reached out his hand to grab the light!
When the light was less than a foot away from Luo Zheng's hand, the blue light seemed to have felt the danger in front of it and suddenly stopped in the air.
Luo Zheng's smile froze on his face. He gritted his teeth and his body flashed, taking the initiative to grab it!
However, when Luo Zheng took the initiative to grab it, it was fine. But when he took the initiative to grab it, the blue light actually retreated …
Not only was Luo Zheng a little stunned, but the warriors of the Divine Weapon Hall were also stunned.
"How can it be like this? I've never heard of these light spots being able to escape! "
Just like before, when Xie Mang was trying to grab the red light spot, he was just a little bit away. At this critical moment, the red light spot actually left Xie Mang.
However, everyone knew that these light spots were originally floating randomly. They could only blame Xie Mang's bad luck. If he was just a little bit luckier, he wouldn't have failed.
The problem was that the blue light spot's behavior just now was too outrageous.
The moment it was about to reach Luo Zheng, it suddenly stopped. And when Luo Zheng reached out to grab it, it actually ran away …
This was too much …
Luo Zheng didn't think much about it. He couldn't be distracted. He didn't feel discouraged when he didn't grab it. Instead, he tried his best to maintain his height! He had just pounced over, and his body had dropped four feet, but now he was slowly rising again. However, his face was getting uglier and uglier. After all, it was quite difficult for any warrior to maintain their height while resisting such a terrifying gravity.
However, the warriors below were not happy.
Everyone looked at the old man with white eyebrows in unison. Even Xie Mang looked at the old man with white eyebrows with the same expression …
Xie Mang naturally didn't want to ask for an explanation on behalf of Luo Zheng. However, he had almost let a grade one divine artifact slip from his hands. He guessed that the old man might have been behind his grab just now.
However, deep down, Xie Mang roughly understood that he might really have been unlucky. Nevertheless, by putting on such an act, he could at least save some face. Everyone thought that the old man with white eyebrows was behind it, not that he was weak.
Seeing that everyone's eyes were focused on him, the old man with white eyebrows revealed a trace of embarrassment. He knew that things weren't looking good. His control just now seemed a little too fake and had aroused suspicion.
"Cough cough." In order to hide his embarrassment, the old man with white eyebrows said, "There should be a remnant of spiritual intelligence in the former Palace Master's weapon. If we want to catch this sword, I'm afraid it will take a lot of effort …"
"Oh …"
"I see …"
"I understand. So it has spiritual intelligence. That's amazing!"
Although these warriors didn't dare to doubt the old man with white eyebrows, their expressions and the tone of their replies showed that they didn't believe him at all. Even children would find it difficult to deceive such deceitful words.
In fact, whether or not Luo Zheng could obtain the former Palace Master's weapon had nothing to do with these warriors. It was just that Luo Zheng had already reached this step. Everyone was secretly hoping that Luo Zheng would succeed. Otherwise, it would inevitably be a little disappointing.
Moreover, if Luo Zheng succeeded in his challenge, it would be a good example for them. In the future, they might be able to reach 200 feet in the dome and obtain the former Palace Master's weapon.
Naturally, they were dissatisfied with the old man with white eyebrows …
As a result, the old man with white eyebrows looked even more embarrassed. He was an upright person, so it was inevitable that he would lose face by doing such a thing. He was afraid that he would end up with a bad reputation. After all, he had repeatedly said that the weapons in the Divine Weapon Hall belonged to whoever caught them. However, he had actually controlled those light spots to run around. Who could catch them? Wasn't this a scam?
However, he didn't care about the weapons. He was only in charge of managing the Divine Weapon Hall. As for who the weapons fell into, it had nothing to do with him … He really just wanted to test Luo Zheng!
After the first lesson, Luo Zheng was a lot more cautious the second time. In fact, he had also discovered that the blue light spots could intentionally avoid him. As a result, it would be extremely difficult to catch them.
At this time, Luo Zheng was also a little apprehensive. Just flying to this height was already so difficult, but the blue light spots could still run around on their own. Wasn't it obvious that they didn't want to be caught?
Even so, Luo Zheng didn't choose to give up.
Along the way, he had encountered many more difficult encounters. Moreover, there was no danger to his life in the Divine Weapon Hall. He really mustered up his strength and rushed towards the blue light spots again.
"Whoosh …"
"Whoosh …"
As Luo Zheng's speed increased, the speed of the blue light spots also increased. At this time, Luo Zheng was like an eagle chasing an extremely agile hummingbird!
However, due to gravity, Luo Zheng's speed was greatly reduced. In addition, the blue light spots were extremely agile. Both of them circled the dome ceiling a few times. In the end, Luo Zheng had to stop to catch his breath and stare at the blue light spots.
Seeing this scene, the warriors below were even more speechless.
It was already a miracle that Luo Zheng could fly to a height of 200 feet. Now, he was actually still circling at a height of 200 feet. In addition to being surprised, they were even more annoyed with the white-browed old man.
At first, no one dared to say anything. No one was willing to offend the white-browed old man.
However, someone whispered, "This is too unfair. They might as well control all the light spots. In this way, no one can get a single weapon. I'm afraid that the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace will make a lot of money."
"That's right. 300 Zhen Yuanyu for one chance. We can't even get a fart. Let's spread the news and tell everyone not to be cheated by the Divine Weapon Hall!"
"This is too much! This is too much! "
These people's voices became louder and louder. The atmosphere became more and more intense. Among them, a warrior stood out and said to the white-browed old man, "Yue Lao, have you played enough?"
"Yes, give us the weapon or not. Just say it. Why do you have to play with people here?"
"That kid up there, come down. You can't get the weapon. Yue Lao is playing with you!"
As the crowd clamored, the white-browed old man's face turned red. If this was spread out, he was afraid that no one would come to the Divine Weapon Hall to get weapons in the future. This was not the original intention of the Divine Weapon Hall …
He had just discovered that under his control, Luo Zheng could not catch the blue light spot. However, this guy's physical strength was not ordinary. He was stubbornly holding on at a height of 200 Zhang. Although he would occasionally fall, he would rise again.
He had no way of gauging Luo Zheng's limits. Unless he modified the gravitational force of the divine imprint and increased it by a few times, Luo Zheng would most likely not be able to withstand it. However, modifying a divine imprint was a troublesome matter.
Just as he was being ridiculed by the crowd and was slightly dazed, Luo Zheng took the opportunity to flash past!
He had already noticed the movement below and roughly knew what had happened. He seized the opportunity in front of him and rushed towards the blue light spot again. He had almost squeezed out all of his potential. His speed had increased by several times! He grabbed the blue speck of light and quickly descended to the ground. He stood firmly on the ground with an astonishingly sharp sword in his hand.