Luo Zheng didn't even have time to examine the first-grade divine weapon in his hand before he heard the martial artists continuously denounce the white-browed old man.
Although the white-browed old man was an extremely senior figure, being besieged by so many young martial artists and being in the wrong himself, he didn't know what to say for a moment …
"What … are you guys talking about?" Luo Zheng walked over with a smile on his face.
The white-browed old man sighed when he realized that he would not be able to get past these juniors if he did not give them an explanation. He turned to Luo Zheng and said, "I was wrong earlier. It's not that I don't want you to obtain the sword. I was just curious about your limits. That's why I controlled the light …"
"You finally admitted it, you really were controlling it!"
"You actually have the face to admit it, the Divine Weapon Hall might as well change its name to the Blackheart Hall!"
"I won't believe it anymore …"
He admitted it, and even admitted his mistake, but these guys were still so aggressive. The white-browed old man was riding a tiger and couldn't get off.
Luo Zheng naturally understood that the blue light spot was controlled by the white-browed old man, but in the end, he still got the sword. Luo Zheng believed the old man's words, so he waved his hand and said, "It's okay, it's just a bit of effort."
In the end, if the white-browed old man had insisted on not letting him take it, Luo Zheng really wouldn't have been able to get the sword …
Since the person involved said so, these martial artists with a "sense of justice" calmed down the anger in their hearts. At this time, everyone looked at the first-grade divine weapon in Luo Zheng's hand with an envious expression.
Even if it was an ordinary first-grade divine weapon, for the majority of martial artists, it was something they could only dream of!
The standard length of an ordinary longsword was three feet and three inches, but this Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword was five feet long, which was nearly half the length of an ordinary sword!
Moreover, the body of the sword was slightly wider than an ordinary sword, somewhat similar to a heavy sword, but the blade was extremely thin!
At a glance, the body of the sword was divided into two layers. The inner core of the sword was light blue, and the outer edge of the sword was pure gold. The sword hilt was engraved with a complicated pattern. Just from its appearance, it was an extremely exquisite work of art!
As for power …
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that by testing here, this group of warriors could be considered to be helping him. Luo Zheng didn't mind letting them admire it for a while. After that, he kept the long sword in his bag and left the Divine Weapon Hall.
Xie Mang's gaze was gloomy and cold as he stared fixedly at Luo Zheng's departing figure. The corners of his mouth curled into a sneer. "The stronger the weapon, the stronger the strength. Although your talent is not bad, your strength is not enough to match that sword. Let's see how long this sword can last in your hands!"
Whether it was in the Lingyun Hall or the Swallow Cloud Hall, there were countless genius warriors staring at the three weapons left behind by the former Palace Master.
However, this weapon was too difficult to take away. So far, everyone could only look at it …
There were some people from the noble families who wanted to buy it from the Hall of Divine Weapons, but the Misty Cloud Palace didn't lack money at all. Why would they care about Zhen Yuanyu? He wouldn't sell it no matter how high the price was.
Just like that, these three weapons were immersed in the Hall of Divine Weapons. Now that Luo Zheng had taken them away, he was destined to be targeted by many people!
Xie Mang wanted to spread the news without restraint. He estimated that there would be an endless stream of trouble coming to find Luo Zheng until he gave up on the sword.
In fact, this matter didn't need Xie Mang to spread the news …
Two hours later, the news that a newcomer had taken away the Thundergale Ghost Sword spread like wildfire in the Misty Cloud Palace.
At the beginning, the news spread within the Lingyun Hall. After all, the warriors who witnessed Luo Zheng taking away the weapon were all warriors of the Lingyun Hall.
But soon, the news spread to the Swallow Cloud Hall …
"Is there really a newcomer who took away the Thundergale Ghost Sword?"
"Unbelievable. Hehe, I'm lacking a good sword. This Thundergale Ghost Sword should be suitable for me. I wonder if that kid is easy to talk to?"
"I can buy this sword for Zhen Yuanyu, a price that will tempt him!"
Such words appeared countless times in a day. Of course, Luo Zheng didn't know about it. After leaving the Hall of Divine Weapons, he went to find Yun Luo.
Compared to the weapon in his hand, Luo Zheng was more concerned about Xun …
After leaving the Hall of Divine Weapons, Luo Zheng wandered around a few times, but he was a little confused. He didn't seem to know where Yun Luo was.
After thinking for a while, he opened the jade slip that Yun Luo gave him. This jade slip recorded a map of the Misty Cloud Palace.
Of course, Luo Zheng had the map. The problem was that the Misty Cloud Palace was so big, but there was no indication of Yun Luo's location …
"Let's go to the center." Luo Zheng pursed his lips and walked towards the center of the palace.
The Misty Cloud Palace was built on a huge pillar, and the area it occupied was definitely not small. He shuttled through the buildings and soon appeared in front of a large hall.
"It should be here." When he arrived in front of the large hall, Luo Zheng walked up the stairs and was about to enter.
However, as soon as he stepped through the door, a strange force bounced him back ….
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng's face flashed with a touch of curiosity.
At this moment, a person walked out of the large hall. It was the hawk-nosed man he had seen before, the Deputy Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace, Xu Can.
Xu Can looked at Luo Zheng coldly and then scolded in a cold voice, "The Profound Hall is not a place for you to barge in!"
Luo Zheng looked indifferent and then said, "I'm looking for Yun Luo."
Xu Can was slightly stunned. He was very puzzled. Why did Luo Zheng call Yun Luo by her name?
However, because of the previous encounter on the stairs in the front courtyard, Xu Can didn't like Luo Zheng. He said coldly, "Yun Luo is not here. Leave quickly!"
Luo Zheng nodded indifferently and retreated. At this moment, a figure drifted over from not far away. It was Yun Luo, who had arrived late.
When Luo Zheng saw her, he smiled and asked, "How is it?"
He asked Yun Luo, referring to the problem of Xun.
Yun Luo smiled and nodded. She glanced at Xu Can and asked, "I wonder what weapon you obtained in the Divine Weapon Hall that made Yue Lao come looking for me?"
When Xu Can heard this, he said disdainfully, "A third-rate person using a third-rate weapon. Hmph!" After he finished speaking, he was about to enter the Profound Hall. In his opinion, with Luo Zheng's cultivation, obtaining a third-grade divine weapon was the best he could do. If he was lucky, he might be able to obtain a second-grade divine weapon. He didn't care about this at all.
Luo Zheng smiled and took out the five foot long Thundergale Divine Sword from his spatial ring. He said, "I obtained this."
The Thundergale Divine Sword contained an astonishing power. Even though Xu Can's back was facing Luo Zheng and he was about to enter the Profound Hall, he felt as if a sword was stabbing at him from behind!
He was an existence very close to the World Lord realm. Only an extremely sharp divine weapon could make him feel this way. Ordinary weapons wouldn't be able to make him feel this way.
Therefore, Xu Can, who had already stepped into the Profound Hall, turned his head and stared at the sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
Thundergale Divine Sword …
Xu Can was very familiar with this sword. He had even used this sword for a period of time!
However, as the Vice Palace Master of Misty Cloud Palace, he only had the qualifications to use it. He couldn't take it for himself.
He never imagined that Luo Zheng would be able to obtain this sword. Xu Can's face was filled with disbelief!
In fact, it wasn't just Xu Can who was surprised. Yun Luo's beautiful eyes were also filled with shock. When Yue Lao burned the sound transmission talisman for her, she was focused on repairing Xun's soul. Therefore, she didn't communicate much with Yue Lao. She originally thought that Luo Zheng had taken a first-grade divine weapon or an ordinary first-grade divine weapon.
However, Yun Luo never thought that Luo Zheng would take away the previous Palace Master's Thundergale Divine Sword. This …
Yun Luo couldn't help but shake her head. Thinking about it, the Luo Zheng in her memory had always been like this. He had always been full of surprises.
＝＝＝＝＝