Although Yun Luo was surprised, she had absorbed the memories of two clones. Although she was surprised when Luo Zheng obtained the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword, she wasn't shocked to the point of shock.
Therefore, when Yue Lao gave her the Sound Transmitting Talisman, she was very calm, as if Luo Zheng being able to do this was a matter of course.
However, Luo Zheng had still exceeded her expectations. What he had obtained was not an ordinary first-grade divine artifact.
However, Xu Can, who was at the entrance, was different.
He was already prejudiced against lower realm ascenders, and he didn't get along with Yun Luo. Naturally, he didn't want to see such a thing happen!
However, even if he didn't happen to meet Luo Zheng this time, the news of Luo Zheng obtaining the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword would still reach his ears.
He could only borrow this sword, and not for a long period of time.
But now, it belonged to Luo Zheng …
He was merely a fifth layer Life and Death brat, who had only entered Misty Cloud Palace for less than a day …
One could well imagine the degree of unfairness in Xu Can's heart. If Yun Luo wasn't here, he might have bullied the weak and directly snatched the sword from this brat's hand.
But then again, he was a dignified Vice Palace Lord. If he really tried to snatch Luo Zheng's sword, it would be too shameful!
Therefore, he fiercely glared at Luo Zheng and the sword in his hand. At this moment, he even resented the sword, then turned around and entered the Profound Hall.
"Congratulations," Yun Luo faintly smiled. Seeing Xu Can depressed twice in a day, Yun Luo was quite happy.
Luo Zheng nodded. What he cared about the most was Xun.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, how could Yun Luo not understand? However, this matter wasn't suitable to be discussed here, so she brought Luo Zheng to another hall.
Then, Yun Luo took out the Soul Nourishing Wood and handed it to Luo Zheng.
After receiving the Soul Nourishing Wood, Luo Zheng inspected it. He felt that Xun's soul was many times stronger than before. Even Luo Zheng's soul was far inferior to Xun's. Moreover, her soul was emitting a faint silver radiance!
"Her soul … this is the Silver Soul Realm!" Luo Zheng exclaimed in surprise.
When one's soul reached a certain level, one would step into the Battle Soul realm. At this realm, one's soul could be considered powerful and could assist the body in battle.
Luo Zheng's soul had already stepped into the Blue Soul realm, which was the Silver Battle Soul Realm was called the Silver Battle Soul realm.
Yun Luo nodded. "Her soul was originally at the Silver Soul Realm, but she was only left with a wisp of her soul, so it couldn't be manifested. I've restored 60% of her soul energy."
"Xun's Xun" Xun's, Xun.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, an innocent expression appeared on Yun Luo's face. Then, she said, "She's … pretending to be asleep. It seems like she doesn't want to come into contact with me."
The relationship between the Demon Night Clan and the Human Race wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either.
As the Queen of the Demon Night Clan, Xun was undoubtedly very arrogant.
When Xun met Yun Luo in the Sin Tower, although there wasn't any hostility between them, they weren't friendly either.
Xun had received a lot of help from Yun Luo, but she refused to "wake up" at this time.
Luo Zheng instantly understood. He understood Xun's temper.
Xun's body was destroyed, and her soul was destroyed. Only a trace of her soul was left. It could be said that her life was hanging by a thread. In the end, she had accompanied him for these few years. Perhaps the only person she trusted was himself. Thus, he silently took the Soul Nourishing Wood from Yun Luo.
Over the next two hours, Yun Luo sent people to bring Luo Zheng to a place for Luo Zheng to live temporarily.
The huge Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was divided into several areas. Since Luo Zheng had just joined the Heavenly Palace, he was assigned to live with the cultivators of the Lingyun Hall.
However, this was still the core cultivation holy land of the Alliance. Even a disciple's residence was exquisitely made. It could be considered a small palace, but it had all the necessary facilities. The only thing missing was a few beautiful maidservants …
After working until night time, Luo Zheng finally took out the Soul Nourishing Wood.
The moment Luo Zheng inspected the Soul Nourishing Wood, before he could see what was inside, he felt a soul attack Luo Zheng!
"Whoosh …"
The soul attack was extremely fierce. Even though Luo Zheng had the Blue Soul Mirror, he couldn't withstand it. Luo Zheng's mind went blank.
By the time Luo Zheng reacted, Xun's soul was already standing in front of him, quietly looking at him.
Her soul was fuller, and her temperament was sharper …
"You're … awake." Luo Zheng had just spoken when Xun's soul rushed into Luo Zheng's body.
"Whoosh …"
Then, Luo Zheng felt that she took the initiative to merge with his Sword Spirit again …
In fact, with Xun's current state, she didn't need to exist as a Sword Spirit. She was a Silver Soul Realm cultivator. Just the strength of her soul was enough to fight against many people.
However, Luo Zheng didn't stop Xun from merging with his Sword Spirit. Perhaps Xun had her own reasons for doing so.
After the fusion, Xun appeared outside Luo Zheng's body again. She stretched out her slender arms, got close to Luo Zheng, and hugged him.
Luo Zheng was stunned. He asked in a daze, "Why are you in such a hurry to merge with your Sword Spirit?"
"Because I can only hug you like this …" Xun's tone was always cold, serious, and aloof. However, at this time, there was a hint of playfulness.
Luo Zheng suddenly understood. Although the Sword Spirit's body wasn't made of flesh and blood, it was more tactile than the Soul Body …
After a long time, Xun took two steps back and floated in the air. She said with a smile, "Thank you."
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I should be the one thanking you. Your soul was shattered because of me."
Xun blinked her eyes. After thinking for a while, she said seriously, "You can't say that."
"Why not?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You're very important to me. Even if my soul is completely shattered, you'll avenge me. But if you die, I'm afraid I'll have no hope …" Xun said faintly.
There was nothing wrong with Xun's statement. As Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit, even if Luo Zheng died, she could draw out her own soul to continue living. However, she was just a wandering soul. Even if she could continue to live in other people's bodies, it would be impossible for her to take revenge and restore her position as the King.
However, she was very sure that if she followed Luo Zheng, the day of her revenge would come sooner or later!
This was Xun's trust in Luo Zheng. Apart from Luo Zheng, she didn't trust anyone else. Therefore, even if Yun Luo paid a great price to restore 60% of her soul out of kindness, she still didn't want to face Yun Luo.
This kind of trust could be said to be a little paranoid. However, she knew that what she did was definitely not wrong …
She sized up Luo Zheng a few times and revealed a trace of curiosity on her face. "You're only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm, but you ascended to the upper realm. You didn't ascend freely?"
Ascending freely through the Ascension Passage was an unchanging rule. Xun had never heard of a warrior who could ascend freely before reaching the Divine Sea Realm.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I ascended freely through the Ascension Passage."
"Then …" Xun revealed a curious look.
Luo Zheng smiled. Xun had been asleep for a long time, so he told her about the trip to the Divine Kingdom Continent, as well as what happened after that, from beginning to end …
Meanwhile …
About thirty thousand worlds away from the Cloud Mist Palace, a charming woman in a yellow robe stood in front of a statue. Her eyes were full of hatred.
This charming woman wasn't human. She had a perfect figure that human women couldn't compare with. The biggest difference was her pointy ears.
She was the other King of the Demon Night Clan who had two head-on conflicts with Luo Zheng, the Punishment King!
Inside her palace, there were also three statues of kings.
During this time, she had been paying attention to the Slaughter King, who was Xun's statue.
She knew that Xun was on the verge of death. Although the area had been stable during this time, her statue was still dim and hopeless. It seemed that Xun's soul would fall at any time, and she had been looking forward to this day.