She stared at Smoky's King Statue in a daze, an intense sense of crisis rising in her heart. She realized that if she didn't kill Smoky, she would be the one to fall from her throne!
Because of the King Statue, she knew that Smoky still had a remnant soul. As long as the King Statue didn't extinguish, Smoky's soul wouldn't disappear.
However, in her eyes, this remnant soul was like a candle in a storm that could be extinguished at any moment!
Thus, when she discovered Smoky through the King Statue, she didn't take him seriously.
A remnant soul was simply too insignificant. At that time, Luo Zheng was only a Virtual Tribulation Realm cultivator. In her eyes, he wasn't much stronger than a mosquito.
Even when she saw Luo Zheng for the second time, she discovered that he had broken through to the Life and Death Realm. This process only took one or two years. Although it was fast, it still didn't pose much of a threat to her. Wasn't the Virtual Tribulation Realm and the Life and Death Realm the same thing?
However, at that time, a trace of vigilance had risen in her heart!
Thus, she had forcefully controlled the people of the Heavenly Feather Holy Land with the intention of destroying Smoky's soul. However, Luo Zheng had discovered her in advance, causing her plan to fail.
But today, Smoky's soul had suddenly become countless times stronger!
She could feel this from the King Statue that was brimming with killing intent!
"That almighty expert helped Smoky repair his soul …" She thought with a complicated expression. "It seems that boy has ascended!"
If it was just repairing his soul, she wouldn't be afraid. However, she discovered that Smoky's soul was like a spark, and now it was burning!
It was this point that made her feel uneasy, and she felt a sense of crisis.
If Smoky could repair his soul today, he might be able to obtain a body in the future. He might even be able to recover his cultivation and fight against her …
Following this train of thought, she couldn't sit still. Smoky's King Statue's eyes seemed to reveal a hint of mockery.
"Are you mocking me?" She clenched her teeth, stretched out a finger, and lightly flicked it. An invisible fluctuation immediately spread out, causing countless cracks to appear on Smoky's King Statue. Then, it collapsed.
Every King Statue in the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land was made of different materials. In her palace, the King Statue was made of the best Developing Luster Corundum, but it couldn't withstand the power of a light flick from her finger.
However, although the body of the king statue had shattered, the eyes of the head were still open, staring at her.
"Bang!"
She flicked her finger again, and Xun's head finally shattered once more.
Even after shattering Xun's king statue, her mood did not improve much. In fact, she became even more irritated as she paced back and forth in the hall.
At this moment …
Two female guards wearing leather armor walked into the hall and knelt on one knee in front of the King of Punishment.
"My king, we've already found traces of Liu Yu. She ascended to the Dark Light World three days ago," the female guard reported.
A cold smile appeared on her face. "Is that so? I thought she would never ascend! Bring her here! "
Liu Yu maintained a neutral stance in the struggle between the King of Punishment and the King of Slaughter. The battle between the two Kings was not something she could participate in.
Of course, Smoky and Luo Zheng did not blame Liu Yu. Besides, as long as she did not disobey the King of Punishment, Liu Yu did her best to help Smoky and Luo Zheng.
However, the King of Punishment was still brooding over this. In her eyes, this was an unforgivable betrayal!
She was the ruler of punishment, and anyone who angered her would receive unimaginable punishment. Although punishing Liu Yu would not have much effect, she needed to quickly calm her emotions, and this Liu Yu was clearly the best person to help her calm down.
The King of Punishment was clearly not the only one who had discovered that Smoky's soul had recovered. Almost everyone in the Demon Night Clan would pay their respects to the King Statue every day!
Apart from the King of Punishment, all the other cultivators in the Demon Night Clan's Holy Land also knew that their King of Slaughter was rapidly recovering his strength … This included some of Smoky's former subordinates!
There was even a Heavenly Venerate among them!
About an hour later, the Heavenly Venerate's voice echoed throughout the universe. It was an old and sorrowful voice.
"Smoky, you're back? You're back in the universe? "
These words echoed in the ears of every living being. Naturally, they also echoed in the ears of the King of Punishment, Luo Zheng, and Smoky.
"Eh?"
Smoky's face lit up with pleasant surprise when she heard this.
"It's the Dream God Arrow! Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate! "she cried out in surprise.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched as he asked, "Who is this Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate?"
Smoky smiled and said, "He's one of my supporters!"
But soon, a gloomy look appeared on her face. "I'm afraid he's the only Empyrean left among my supporters. Moreover, he should be heavily injured and hiding somewhere outside the Fiend Night Clan …"
Every king of the Demon Night Clan had countless supporters behind them.
Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate wasn't the only Heavenly Venerate who supported Smoky. However, due to the conflict between the two kings, the King of Punishment had used all sorts of methods and offered all sorts of benefits. In addition, Smoky had been careless at the time, causing some people to change sides.
Most of the Demon Night Clan's cultivators were female. There were very few male cultivators who had become Heavenly Venerates. However, the Dream God Arrow had supported Smoky from beginning to end!
This was also why Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate had been attacked by several Heavenly Venerates of the Demon Night Clan. He had been seriously injured and had been forced to flee and hide.
However, even though he had gone into hiding, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate was still forging a king statue. He had probably noticed that something was wrong with Smoky's king statue and guessed that Smoky had ascended. This was why he had used the Roaring Token to talk to her.
"Unfortunately, I don't have the Roaring Token, so I can't respond to the Dream God Arrow." Smoky's face flickered with depression.
A strange smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face when he heard this. Smoky didn't have the Roaring Token, but Luo Zheng had it. Moreover, he had quite a few, almost limitless …
Just as Luo Zheng was about to tell Smoky, another voice rang out.
"Dream God Arrow, you traitor, you still haven't died? Hahahaha, if I remember correctly, you should be about to enter the Heaven's Decay Stage! "
This voice was extremely familiar to Smoky. Of course, it was also familiar to Luo Zheng. It was the Demon Night Clan's King of Slaughter!
When she heard the King of Slaughter's voice and how he called the Dream God Arrow a traitor, a trace of anger appeared on Smoky's face. However, she coldly raised her head and said, "Yao, one day, I'll definitely crush your throne!"
"So the King of Punishment's name is Yao." Luo Zheng committed this name to memory. He couldn't keep calling her a slut.
Soon, Divine Arrow Heavenly Venerate's voice rang out once more. "Hmph, slut, you don't have the right to call me a traitor! Smoky's soul has mostly recovered, so she must have had the help of an expert. One day, I'll definitely kick you off your throne. I'm indeed about to enter the Heaven's Decay Stage. Hehe, but I'm sure I'll be able to see the day you're exiled! "
When she heard this, Smoky became even more agitated.
No matter what happened in the past, Smoky always had a cold expression. However, she had never been this agitated before.
"The help of an expert? Haha, her soul has only recovered a little. She can't respond to you at all. I'm afraid she doesn't even have a Roaring Token! "
At the same time, several more voices rang out in the universe.
"Divine Arrow, it's already set in stone that you'll have another King of Slaughter. Why are you so stubborn? Can't you see the path ahead of you?"
"It's already impossible for Smoky to return now. Her soul won't be able to last much longer …"
"Dream God Arrow, do you think we're decorations? In this universe, who could oust Yao from the throne? You? Hehe! "
The people who had used the Roaring Tokens were naturally the Demon Night Clan's Heavenly Venerates. They were all supporters of the King of Punishment.
When she heard this voice, Smoky bit her lip and said in a daze, "Unfortunately, unfortunately, I don't have a Roaring Token …"
When he saw Smoky's expression, Luo Zheng smiled.
Smoky stared at Luo Zheng and frowned. "What's so funny?"