Although Luo Zheng had told her what happened after she fell asleep, Luo Zheng didn't have time to tell her in detail. He only gave her a rough explanation and didn't tell her about the Roaring Token.
However, Luo Zheng trusted Xun completely, so he wouldn't hide anything from her!
Xun was slightly surprised when she heard Luo Zheng say she had a Roaring Token.
In fact, the Roaring Token wasn't that valuable in Xun's eyes.
The Kings of the Night Demon Clan had a high status. Although they weren't very powerful, they were the spiritual symbol of the whole Night Demon Clan. Even Celestial Venerables had to follow the three Kings.
Xun used to have more than 300 Roaring Tokens, which was much more than the Roaring Tokens of many Celestial Venerables.
The problem was that this Roaring Token was not precious to her back then, but to ordinary warriors, to Luo Zheng, it was an extremely precious item ….
Xun thought she knew Luo Zheng's situation very well. It wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to earn True Origin Stones, but Luo Zheng had just ascended to the Immortal World. The value of this Roaring Token was equivalent to the expenses of a tenth-grade Holy Land. How could Luo Zheng have a Roaring Token?
"Did Yun Luo give it to you?" Xun asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "It's mine." After saying that, he handed the Roaring Token to Xun and said, "You can use it. I'm not good at talking …"
"Why?" Xun asked curiously.
Luo Zheng just shook his head and said with a smile, "You'll know in a while."
Xun didn't know that Luo Zheng had used this Roaring Token to scold Celestial Venerables. He was so bored that he even used it to count for fun. Most people should have remembered his voice.
However, there were millions of creatures in the universe, so there were many people with the same voice.
If Luo Zheng used the Roaring Token now, it was likely to arouse the suspicion of "Yao", so he gave it to Xun.
Xun looked at Luo Zheng strangely. After Luo Zheng helped her activate the Roaring Token, she said coldly to the Roaring Token, "Yao, who said I don't have a Roaring Token? Let's see how long a bitch like you can be so arrogant! I, Xun, am the King of Slaughter of the Night Demon Clan, and I'm the eternal King. If you want to kill me, you'll have to destroy the entire Night Demon Clan. otherwise, I'll kick you off the throne! "
Xun's's voice, through the Roaring Token's's's's voice.
Because there was only one Roaring Token, it was her only chance to speak out in the universe, so she tried her best to speak as much as she could …
"Xun, you're really back! ....... where are you? Celestial Celestial?
The voice of Yao, the King of Punishment, rang out almost immediately after the voice of Holy Master Divine Arrow. "Yo, you little b * tch, I didn't expect you to get a Roaring Token. I underestimated you. Humph, since you have come to the Upper World, prepare to die at any time!"
Hearing Yao's words, Xun's expression turned cold. She thought that the roaring order in her hand had been nullified, which meant that she couldn't respond to Yao. Therefore, she didn't plan to respond.
But at this moment, she suddenly realized that the Roaring Token in her hand hadn't shattered.
"What's going on with this Roaring Command?" Xun's expression turned even stranger.
Generally speaking, after the Roaring Token was used, the "law of causality" would be triggered, and the sound would spread to the entire universe. The entire Roaring Token would turn into a pile of dust, but the Roaring Token in her hand was still intact.
Luo Zheng smiled and activated the Roaring Command again, "Continue! You can scold this bitch to your heart's content! "
"Ah …" Amidst her shock, Xun could not help but cry out.
Because Luo Zheng had already activated the Roaring Command, this cry of surprise reverberated through the entire universe.
At this moment, Divine Arrow Heavenly Master, Yao, and the other members of the Fiend Night Clan all had strange expressions on their faces.
What was going on? Xun still had a Roaring Command in her hand?
With Xun's current situation, it didn't seem appropriate for her to waste the Roaring Command like this.
Xun looked at the Roaring Command in her hand and was stunned for a long time before she came back to her senses. "Luo Zheng! Your Roaring Command! "
"It can be used an unlimited number of times," Luo Zheng said with a shrug and a smile.
"Ah …"
Xun screamed out again.
When Qinglong first learned about the Roaring Command, he was also extremely shocked, just like Xun. It was just that his expression wasn't as exaggerated as Xun's.
Xun was indeed shocked by Luo Zheng's words. Xun knew very well what it meant to be able to use the Roaring Command an unlimited number of times!
She had high hopes for Luo Zheng. As long as he was given enough space to grow, he would one day stand at the peak of the universe and look down on it!
However, Xun never expected that Luo Zheng would obtain such an incredible item right after he ascended. She couldn't believe her eyes!
Luo Zheng's lips curved upwards. Xun had always been indifferent in front of him, as if there was nothing in this world that could surprise her. The reason for this was because her previous status was too high. Seeing how shocked she was, Luo Zheng felt slightly pleased.
Xun didn't even bother to reply. Instead, she held the Roaring Command in her hands and carefully examined it. After a long time, she sneered and said, "Very good, I can finally scold this bitch to my heart's content, and in front of all the living beings in the universe!"
"Haha, Xun, you little bitch seems to be seriously ill. Do you only have two Roaring Commands? Or were you having fun with some wild man just now? "Yao said coldly.
A cold look appeared on Xun's face. "Help me activate the Roaring Command!"
Luo Zheng reached out and helped Xun activate the Roaring Command …
"Bitch, I don't only have two Roaring Commands. As for the few Roaring Commands you have, don't spout nonsense. I know that every time you use one, your heart will ache. I have a lot of Roaring Commands, so I like to waste them. What do you think?" Xun said coldly.
Before Yao could reply, she continued, "I want to announce to the entire Yao Ye clan that this bitch is not suitable for the position of King of Punishment. Back then …"
"…"
"…"
Xun's words resounded throughout the universe.
Most of her words were insults directed at Yao. Occasionally, she would reply to Divine Sword Empyrean.
At the start, Yao Yao could use the Roaring Tokens to refute Smog, or even curse Smog back. But, the number of Roaring Tokens in Yao Yao's hands was limited. After using over a hundred Roaring Tokens, Yao Yao looked at the remaining several dozen Roaring Tokens in her spatial ring and suddenly felt powerless.
Where did Xun get these Roaring Commands?!
Two hours, four hours, six hours ….
Xun didn't mind that her mouth was dry. She continued to use the Roaring Commands, bombarding Yao's ears.
In the depths of Misty Cloud Palace, Yun Luo was still bathing. When she heard the voice ringing in her ears, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. She couldn't help but shake her head. Luo Zheng was really ruthless …
As for the many Empyreans of the other clans in the universe, they kept their mouths shut.
The two kings of the Yao Ye clan were bickering. Naturally, it had nothing to do with them. In fact, many other clans were happy to see this scene.
Although the Yao Ye clan didn't have many people and didn't occupy many great worlds, they were extremely powerful. The more intense their internal struggle was, the happier the other clans were.
However, the other clans were also puzzled. Wasn't the Yao Ye clan's King of Massacre close to death? Where did they get so many Roaring Commands from? Why did it feel like the Roaring Commands were becoming more and more worthless?
First, it was that mysterious woman. Then, it was that mysterious youth. Now, it was the Yao Ye clan's King of Massacre. How did they do it?!
And now, Yao felt that she was about to go crazy!
She already regretted bickering with Xun. Xun's Roaring Commands seemed to be endless!
In her own palace, Yao covered her ears with her hands, desperately trying to stop the sound from entering her palace. However, the Roaring Commands were impossible to stop. They directly entered her mind. How could she stop them?
"Enough!"
Yao used a Roaring Command and screamed at the top of her lungs.
"That's enough? Beg me then! If you beg me, I won't speak, "said Xun coldly.
"You're just a dying soul. Do you think you're worthy of me begging you? Dream on! "Yao replied resolutely. How could she possibly beg Xun in front of the entire Yao Ye clan?
"Then … let's continue," said Xun.
＝＝＝＝＝