This war of words was even more outrageous than the last time Luo Zheng used the Roaring Token.
This went on for a full fourteen to fourteen hours ….
Until Xun found that Luo Zheng was staring at her in a daze.
"What …" Xun suddenly felt a little unnatural. Was it inappropriate to curse in front of Luo Zheng?
"It's nothing. If you're unhappy, just curse as much as you can," Luo Zheng said.
Xun suddenly shook her head. She seemed to have lost interest. She didn't have such a strange feeling before, but now she suddenly wanted to pay attention to her image in front of Luo Zheng. She didn't want to act like a shrew …
Thus, Xun's bombardment of voices stopped.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He knew that Xun needed to vent her anger. This method was indeed good. At least it was enough to make the King of Punishment suffer for a while.
After seeing Luo Zheng put away the Roaring Token, Xun asked, "Where did this Roaring Token come from?"
Even though she had used the Roaring Token tens of thousands of times, Xun still felt a little incredulous. There was actually a Roaring Token that could be used infinitely in this world. Who on earth created this Roaring Token?
"Didn't I tell you about the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion?" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Xun nodded, "Yes, I know."
When Luo Zheng mentioned the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, it was relatively simple. Xun didn't take it to heart. Even if it was called the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, how "Holy" could it be?
"This Roaring Token was obtained from the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. In the future, I may enter the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. At that time, you will know," Luo Zheng said.
Xun nodded. This Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion actually had such a divine object. The Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion must be an extraordinary existence.
Just as the two of them were talking, the door of Luo Zheng's small palace was smashed open with a "boom".
"Boy, I've been waiting for you for a day and a night. Why haven't you come out?" The person at the door roared.
Luo Zheng frowned and gave Xun a meaningful look. Xun escaped into Luo Zheng's body. Then he walked to the door of the small palace. After a quick glance, he found that there were actually many warriors at the door.
What was the meaning of this?
It was not the first time Luo Zheng had seen something like this. However, he had just entered the Misty Cloud Palace. He had no family or friends, so naturally, he had no grudges against him. Looking at how aggressive this guy was, Luo Zheng had no idea what he was trying to do.
Luo Zheng walked forward slowly and said lightly, "What's the matter?"
The martial artist at the door was a burly man with a face full of whiskers, making him look ferocious. "Boy, I'm called Bi Yuanjia! He is ranked fourth in the Lingyun Hall! "
"Oh?" Luo Zheng's eyes fell indifferently on Bi Yuanjia's body, and then he said, "And then?"
"I heard that you have a sword, the sword of the previous Palace Lord?" Bi Yuanjia asked with a sinister smile.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded slightly. He even raised his hand and took the Dark Thunderfale Divine Sword in his hand. His finger gently slid along the blade of the Dark Thunderfale Divine Sword, and then suddenly sped up. The thin sword suddenly emitted a sword cry. "Yes, this is the Dark Thunderfale Divine Sword."
Hearing this guy's words, Luo Zheng understood that this guy came for his sword. However, he was not in a hurry. Instead, he wore a faint smile on his face, waiting to hear what this guy would say.
Many warriors outside the door saw the first-grade divine weapon in Luo Zheng's hand, and their eyes suddenly lit up.
A first-grade divine weapon, and this first-grade divine weapon was much stronger than an ordinary first-grade divine weapon. If it was strengthened a little, it would be able to enter the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Tablet!
Bi Yuanjia stared at the sword in Luo Zheng's hand, and his eyes shot out rays of light. "I am lacking a good sword. Thank you for helping me take it out of the Divine Weapon Hall. Give it to me obediently! Lest I waste my strength, I will reward you with a full punch! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face suddenly revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. The long sword shook slightly, and then he said, "I took this sword myself. If you have the ability, go to the Divine Weapon Hall and spend three hundred Zhen Yuanyu. There will be plenty of opportunities for you."
"It seems that you don't plan to obediently hand it over?" Bi Yuanjia certainly knew that Luo Zheng would not take out the sword so easily.
Luo Zheng nodded and said with a stupefied expression, "It seems that you don't plan to obediently leave?"
The grin on Bi Yuanjia's face deepened. "I told you from the beginning that you don't seem to understand what it means to be the fourth in the Lingyun Hall! Do you have to be taught a lesson to understand? "
Luo Zheng's face turned colder and colder. He knew that he would not be able to communicate with these idiots. He said, "I indeed don't understand, but you don't seem to understand what it means to take this sword. I will give you three breaths of time to scram. Do you have to be taught a lesson to understand?"
When Luo Zheng took the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword, the news spread like the wind throughout the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace.
The degree of jealousy in the hearts of these cultivators could be imagined.
Thinking that Luo Zheng had just entered the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, and his cultivation base was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm, many people started scheming in their hearts.
Some people wanted to spend money to buy it.
Some people thought that Luo Zheng was a newcomer and was unfamiliar with the place, so they wanted to scare him and make him obediently hand it over.
There were even some people who wanted to snatch it.
This Bi Yuanjia was one of them. He first came up to scare people, and now it seemed that he was about to make a move.
Many cultivators sighed inwardly. They had let Bi Yuanjia take the initiative. However, Bi Yuanjia was very overbearing to begin with, so no one dared to fight in front of him. They probably wouldn't have this opportunity.
As for that Luo Zheng, he would probably be beaten up badly by Bi Yuanjia. However, he deserved it. A guy who couldn't understand the situation before him couldn't blame others for courting death.
However, these cultivators didn't expect that Luo Zheng was even more arrogant than Bi Yuanjia. It was as if he didn't put Bi Yuanjia in his eyes at all!
"Three breaths of time, hahahaha … I haven't seen such an arrogant junior in a long time … hahahaha …"
"Rumble!"
Everyone saw Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flash, disappearing from where he stood. The next moment, Bi Yuanjia's entire body was like a huge rubber ball, flying backwards. His originally tall and straight chest was now like a deflated rubber ball, completely deflating. He crashed heavily into a small palace behind everyone, which was the residence of the other cultivators.
Luo Zheng held the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword in one hand, while his other hand was clenched into a fist. His eyes were full of indifference, "Three breaths of time is very fast."
"What a fast speed!"
"This is too fierce. He sent Bi Yuanjia flying with one punch?"
"Bi Yuanjia isn't this weak because he was careless. Even so, this kid's strength is very strong!"
Actually, some of the more rational cultivators were able to figure out that Luo Zheng's strength wasn't just ordinary to be able to obtain the Thunder Wind Ghost Sword.
However, many cultivators had heard that Luo Zheng was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm. So what if Luo Zheng's strength was outstanding? Could he fight against a Divine Sea Realm expert? This wasn't a comparison of levels!
Luo Zheng's thunder-like punch just now made everyone understand that this seemingly handsome guy was even more difficult to provoke!
"Just now, I should've tested the power of this sword …" Luo Zheng shook his head and muttered, reaching out to close the door.
The power of this sword …
Many cultivators couldn't help but swallow their saliva. That punch had already seriously injured Bi Yuanjia. If he had used his sword just now, Bi Yuanjia might not have wanted to keep his life!
Everyone heard Luo Zheng's words and understood that this was a threat. However, they didn't doubt that with this kid's decisiveness, he might really dare to take someone's life in Misty Cloud Palace.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to close the door, another voice rang out. This time, it was a short cultivator. "Wait!" The short cultivator said with a smile.
"Wait for what?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I can spend money to buy your Thunder Wind Ghost Sword! The price is absolutely fair! "The short cultivator said.
"Not for sale," Luo Zheng shook his head.