Zhen Yuanyu was worth ten thousand times more than top-grade True Origin Stones.
Three hundred thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu were equivalent to three billion top-grade True Origin Stones. It was an astronomical sum.
Hearing this short martial artist's bid, many of the martial artists present sucked in a breath of cold air!
The Thunder and Wind Divine Sword was indeed a first-grade divine weapon, but the price of three hundred thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu was still shocking!
"Jia Hao's family controls eighty percent of the mineral veins in dozens of great worlds. His offer is indeed shocking!"
"However, if it were me, I wouldn't sell it for three hundred thousand pieces of Zhen Yuanyu! Zhen Yuanyu can be earned slowly. This first-grade divine weapon … can save a life at a critical moment! "
Jia Hao stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "How about it? I'll buy this sword at a fixed price! "
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. "Sorry, it's not a matter of price. I'm not selling this sword."
Jia Hao was at his wit's end. His strength couldn't compare to Bi Yuanjia's, so he couldn't force him to sell.
Thus, Luo Zheng prepared to close the door again. He didn't want to waste time with these warriors of the Lingyun Hall.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to close the door for the third time, a round piece of Zhen Yuanyu was suddenly thrown over. It hit the ground with a clatter and rolled toward Luo Zheng.
At this time, another voice rang out. "Young Master Jing of the Swallow Cloud Hall said that he'll buy your sword for one Zhen Yuanyu. If you give the sword to him, he'll guarantee your safety. No one in the Misty Cloud Palace will dare to provoke you. If you don't agree, he can't guarantee anything."
"This …"
Luo Zheng was a little annoyed.
What was going on? He wanted to take a sword, but these guys didn't try hard to go to the Divine Weapon Hall. Why did they use all kinds of methods to compete with him? And it wasn't just one or two. It was endless. Wasn't this too much?
Now, he had sent Bi Yuanjia flying with a punch. His purpose was to intimidate these guys, but he didn't expect it to be so ineffective.
Why did the people of the Swallow Cloud Hall appear again?
Luo Zheng knew that the disciples of the Lingyun Hall couldn't compare to the Swallow Cloud Hall, but Luo Zheng didn't take them seriously.
He shook his head and stared at the piece of Zhen Yuanyu. He walked over and gently stepped on it.
"Bang!"
A rich True Essence burst out from the True Essence Jade!
The True Yuan contained in the True Yuan Jade was almost a thousand times more than the True Yuan Stone. The True Yuan contained within the True Yuan Jade had been compressed to a terrifying degree.
"I don't care who you are. Scram …" Luo Zheng closed the door as he spoke.
............................................................
The man's face turned cold. He didn't dare to push the door open since Luo Zheng had already closed the door. But he burned a Sound Transmission Talisman on the spot.
Some of the spectating martial artists wanted to disperse, but most of them stayed because they heard the words' Young Master Jing '.
Compared to the Lingyun Hall, the warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall were a level higher in strength and talent.
Young Master Jing wouldn't let this go. There would be a good show to watch.
Luo Zheng closed the door and looked helpless. The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was a mess. There seemed to be no rules. Everyone was robbing each other.
When he first ascended to the Spirit Martial Holy Land, at least there were some rules. At least, people did not dare to fight in the settlement. But why were the people of Cloud Mist Palace so arrogant? Why was that? Why didn't anyone do anything?
He had to ask Yun Luo when he had the chance.
But..
. Luo Zheng looked at the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword in his hand. His eyes flashed coldly.
He hadn't tested the sword's power yet. Suddenly, the corner of his mouth twitched. The Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword was held horizontally in front of his chest.
He didn't know this Young Master Jing. If he dared to cause trouble, he could use him to test the sword.
Whoosh..
Seeing Luo Zheng close the door, Xun's figure suddenly flew out.
"Why did you come out?" Luo Zheng sat on the ground and placed the sword horizontally on his knees.
Xun also sat next to him and smiled. "Nothing. I just want to see how much your strength has grown."
"They might not come," Luo Zheng said.
"They will definitely come," Xun said with a smile. Luo Zheng sat cross-legged. She hugged her knees and sat to the side. Her two astonishingly long legs were curled up. She tilted her head and put it on her knees, looking at Luo Zheng.
"Why are you so sure?" Being stared at by Xun like this, Luo Zheng felt a little unnatural. However, he was more focused on the outside.
Xun said, "You are an outsider. You took the best thing here. It would be strange if they didn't come looking for you."
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He didn't agree with Xun's words. If the geniuses of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace didn't even have this little bit of tolerance, then they shouldn't be called the place where the three thousand geniuses gathered.
How could the real super geniuses be jealous of others?
Sure enough, as Xun said, in about the time it takes to burn an incense stick, several cultivators flew over.
As soon as the leading cultivator landed, the cultivator who threatened Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Young Master Jing, that kid is in the palace. However, he said that he won't see anyone."
Young Master Jing's skin was delicate, and his hair was meticulously combed behind his back. He looked very feminine. When he smiled, there was even a hint of flirtatious aura. Hearing that person's words, Young Master Jing took two steps forward and said indifferently, "I have passed on my message. I will give you one more chance. One Zhen Yuanyu. Sell your sword to me, and I will guarantee your safety."
Although his words were calm, the overbearingness in them was obvious. One Zhen Yuanyu was forcing a deal. If you are willing to sell, then I will guarantee your safety. If you are unwilling to sell, then you will not be safe.
Luo Zheng's eyes were tightly shut as he continuously poured the Chaotic Energy in his body into the Thundergale Divine Sword.
Luo Zheng was also looking forward to seeing the power of a grade-one divine weapon. He waited for Young Master Jing to finish speaking before he uttered a word nonchalantly.
"Scram!"
Young Master Jing was an extremely arrogant person. As one of the super geniuses in the Swallow Cloud Hall, who would dare to tell him to scram?
Hearing this word, Young Master Jing's face suddenly sank. His eyes were filled with murderous intent. However, that murderous intent disappeared in a flash. He said with a smile, "I, Jing Xuan, am a swordsman. In my life, I like to collect all kinds of famous swords. I treat swords as my friends. With your cultivation, you are not a good match for this sword. I believe that the sword will not be happy. I advise you to sell it to me and give it a good home. "
Luo Zheng almost vomited when he heard this. You like this sword, so I have to give it to you? What kind of logic was this?
Although Luo Zheng had ten thousand reasons to argue, he was too lazy to speak. If he wanted to have a foothold in the Misty Cloud Palace, his only choice was to kill the chicken to scare the dog. It was like this in the Lower Realm, and it was also the same in the Upper Realm.
Seeing that Luo Zheng did not respond for a long time, Young Master Jing shook his head. "You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. If I, Jing Xuan, attack you, I'm afraid you will lose an arm or a leg …"
After saying this, Young Master Jing walked towards Luo Zheng's small palace.
Everyone knew that today's show was bound to happen. With Luo Zheng's character, he would definitely not obediently hand over the sword. Moreover, Young Master Jing was an existence that could not be underestimated in the Swallow Cloud Hall. Luo Zheng was afraid that he would suffer.
As Young Master Jing came closer, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. His body did not move. He was still sitting cross-legged, but the Thunder Wind Divine Sword in his hand was pointed forward. His arm was slightly raised.
On the side, Xun looked at Luo Zheng's imposing manner with a faint smile on his face. This guy's eyes were getting sharper.
When Young Master Jing was fifty feet away from Luo Zheng's palace, Luo Zheng's arm shook slightly. The five feet long sword suddenly fluctuated. The power of wind and thunder directly merged with Luo Zheng's sword intent, forming a faint and invisible wave that suddenly pierced out.
Luo Zheng did not use his full strength. After all, he had just entered the Misty Cloud Palace and was not familiar with the rules. However, this guy could teach him a lesson, but he would not kill him!