The invisible ripples released by the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword only left a crack on the door!
When the ripples surged out of the door, azure lightning and pitch-black wind blades burst out. The two types of Law Energies intertwined and formed a blurry figure that dashed toward Young Master Jing at an extremely fast speed!
"This is!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly focused.
"The fourth level of the Law of Wind and the fourth level of the Law of Thunder …"
So far, Luo Zheng had only grasped the third level of the Law Power. In other words, whether it was the Law of Wind, the Law of Thunder, or the Law of Fire, he had only comprehended the third level.
However, when he infused the Chaotic Qi into the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword, it directly touched the fourth level of the Law Power!
Xun hugged her knees and looked at Luo Zheng's sword through the crack. She said indifferently, "This sword has the ability to enhance the Law Power. It's not bad among first-grade divine weapons."
"Enhance the Law Power?"
"That's right, this sword can improve your power of laws …" Ye Zichen nodded.
"Doesn't that mean that when I comprehend the fourth level of the Law Power, I can use the fifth level of the Law Power?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
Xun shook her head. "It's not that easy. The difference between the fourth level and the fifth level is huge. It's not difficult to control the first few levels of the Power of Law, but the difference between the later levels is like heaven and earth. This sword only increases your Power of Law, it doesn't really give you a level."
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded. Even so, it was already very helpful to Luo Zheng.
Moreover, the mysteries of this first-grade divine weapon didn't seem to be limited to this. For example, the blurry figure!
As a cultivator of the Swallow Cloud Hall, Young Master Jing was very confident in his own strength. The Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Lingyun Hall and Swallow Cloud Hall weren't simple newcomers and veterans. Those who could enter the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace were considered figures in the upper realm. Many top geniuses of tenth-grade Holy Lands were qualified to join.
Only those who stood out in the Lingyun Hall and joined the Swallow Cloud Hall were considered super geniuses worthy of the Alliance's resources.
That was why Young Master Jing was so arrogant. In his eyes, although this guy who had just joined the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace obtained the Lightning-Wind Ghost Sword, he was just a little lucky.
He even thought that Luo Zheng wouldn't dare to fight him.
But just as he thought so and walked over without any hesitation, an azure bolt of lightning suddenly appeared in front of him. This bolt of lightning was actually revolving around a black wind blade, and behind this wind blade was a faint silhouette …
At this moment, his pupils reflected the radiance of lightning, and all the hair on his body stood up. Before he could finish sucking in a breath of cold air, his entire body was sent flying backwards!
At the same time, a sword. Young Master Jing was Young Master Jing.
Young Master Jing wasn't lying. He loved collecting all kinds of swords. Swords of all shapes and sizes, swords with special functions, broadswords, two-handed swords, serpentine swords, piercing swords, profound artifacts, spirit artifacts, immortal artifacts, saint artifacts … He had all kinds of swords.
This Shieldsword was actually a modified version of a heavy sword. The blade was one and a half feet wide and three feet long. It looked like a shield!
As a lower first-grade divine artifact, the Shieldsword had saved his life many times in critical moments, helping him block several terrifying attacks!
Young Master Jing had never imagined that Luo Zheng's attack would be so swift and fierce. It was precisely because of this swift and fierce aura that he felt the threat of death, so he had used his strongest life-saving technique without any hesitation!
"Earthly Shieldsword, help me destroy this calamity!"
As he kept retreating, he poured a stream of True Yuan into the Shieldsword!
"Pop!"
A yellow light suddenly appeared on the Shieldsword, and a dense aura of the Law of Earth was released, making the Shieldsword seem even thicker and more solid!
At the same time, the violent lightning struck the heavy Shieldsword, leaving a pitch-black pattern on the surface of the Shieldsword. It looked like small snakes were spreading across the surface of the Shieldsword.
"Pull!"
The moment the lightning spread on the Shieldsword, Young Master Jing didn't dare to hold on to it. He pulled his hands apart, and Ling Xu stabilized the Shieldsword in front of him. He kept retreating!
However, Luo Zheng's sword didn't just contain the power of lightning. Very quickly, the black wind blade in the middle sliced the Shieldsword in the center. Under everyone's gazes, the Shieldsword was sliced into two by the wind blade!
Retreat!
Young master Jing's heart ached as he watched the shield sword being destroyed. However, his life was more important. He didn't hesitate at all as he continued to retreat. That was because there was another person besides the lightning and wind blades.
He didn't know what was going on with this figure, and neither did Luo Zheng.
However, he had lost the protection of the Shieldsword. He was bare-handed, and the figure was coming straight for him. Even a fool would run away!
However, the figure was extremely fast. After quickly closing in on Young Master Jing, it threw a punch.
This punch was the simplest punch, but it couldn't be underestimated. Young Master Jing subconsciously raised his arms to block in front of his chest.
"Boom!"
"Crack!"
Young Master Jing's arms suddenly broke, but the power of the punch didn't weaken. It landed directly on his chest, and he was sent flying backwards like a kite with a broken string. Finally, he smashed into the ground.
Luo Zheng sat in the room, and everyone stood outside. It was very quiet inside and outside.
The power of this sword had not only exceeded the expectations of many warriors, but also Luo Zheng. Only Xun looked indifferent.
There weren't many things that could shock Xun. For example, the Roaring Token that Luo Zheng had displayed before was completely beyond the scope of common sense. Naturally, she felt that it was inconceivable. However, this first-grade divine weapon was normal in her eyes.
Luo Zheng stared blankly at the gradually dissipating figure and exclaimed, "How could my sword stab a person out?"
Xun said faintly, "If I'm not wrong, that figure's moves can be modified, and it can do more than one punch …"
Hearing Xun's words, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. Indeed, when Luo Zheng had just stabbed with his sword, he had felt a telepathic connection. He had thought that it was because of the first-grade divine weapon, but now he realized that at that moment, he must have felt a telepathic connection with the figure!
However, Luo Zheng didn't know how to modify the figure's moves. He would have to spend time pondering about this in the future.
Young Master Jing lay on the ground for a long time before a figure flashed out, picked him up, and fiercely glared at Luo Zheng before leaving.
As for the other warriors, they didn't stay any longer, and no one dared to approach Luo Zheng's room.
Even Young Master Jing of the Swallow Cloud Hall was almost crippled by Luo Zheng's sword. How could these warriors of the Soaring Cloud Hall have designs on the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword? Weren't they courting death?
Soon, Luo Zheng's door was empty …
Seeing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up into a smile.
Finally, he could have some peace and quiet.
Luo Zheng didn't expect that taking out a sword would cause such a big reaction. The people of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace weren't easy to deal with. However, for the time being, no one would cause trouble for him.
"What do you plan to do next?" Luo Zheng asked Xun cautiously.
At present, Luo Zheng's strength was far from enough in the upper realm. Not to mention Realm Lords, he couldn't even fight against Extreme God experts.
As for the Punishment King, she should also have the cultivation of a Realm Lord. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he didn't even have the qualifications to stand in front of her.
However, Xun smiled faintly and said, "Wait!"
"Wait for what?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Wait for you to grow strong," Xun replied.
This answer was not bad, but Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry …
At present, Luo Zheng's cultivation had already reached the peak of the fifth level of Life and Death realm. He should be preparing to face the sixth minor heavenly tribulation.
However, just as he was preparing, someone came knocking on his door. What Luo Zheng didn't expect was that this person was actually the owner of the Thunder and Wind Divine Sword, the previous Palace Lord of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
＝＝＝＝＝