In the hall on the top floor of the Misty Cloud Palace.
An old man in a black robe sat at the side, and beside him stood a lady in green.
The lady was very young, and her bone age was only 20 years old. She was two years younger than Luo Zheng.
"I passed by the Feihong Territory this time, so I stopped by to take a look. In addition, I have one more thing to ask of you," the old man in the black robe said slowly.
Yun Luo, who was standing at the side, was very respectful to the old man. She replied with a smile, "Since the Old Palace Master has asked, I have no reason to refuse." As she spoke, she looked at the lady beside the old man and continued, "Could it be that the Old Palace Master wants to let this lady join our Misty Cloud Palace?"
The Old Palace Master that Yun Luo mentioned was the former Palace Master of the Misty Cloud Palace. He was also the former owner of the Thundergale Divine Sword, Xiao Daolai.
The current Xiao Daolai was no longer the same as before. It was rumored that he was planning to become a Heavenly Master. He was considered a popular figure in the alliance!
Unexpectedly, Xiao Daolai shook his head and smiled, "I have been in charge of the Misty Cloud Palace for 13,000 years. I have educated countless people, but I have never taken in a direct disciple. This lady is my last disciple."
After Xiao Daolai finished speaking, the lady in green beside him stood up straight, and a trace of arrogance appeared on her face.
Seeing the expression on the lady in green's face, Yun Luo smiled faintly. If Xiao Daolai could become a Heavenly Master, then this lady would be considered a Heavenly Master's successor. She was indeed qualified to be proud of being able to obtain the true inheritance of a Heavenly Master at such a young age.
"Then I must congratulate the Old Palace Master for taking in such a disciple. If I am not wrong, this disciple of yours seems to have the destiny of a Great Era Battle?" Yun Luo congratulated.
Xiao Daolai also seemed to be very happy, but after he finished laughing, his face revealed a trace of dullness. After a while, he sighed and said, "The great era has already been unveiled. We are destined to be onlookers when we attack the position of Celestial Lord. It's time to see how the darlings of this era will perform …"
At this moment, the girl in green said, "Master, I definitely won't disappoint you!"
Xiao Daolai nodded. "An Xin naturally won't disappoint me." Xiao Daolai then turned to Yun Luo and said, "If I remember correctly, the alliance is going to open the 'Torch Flame Inheritance' this time. Hence, I want An Xin to follow the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace and participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance. I will have to trouble you, Yun Luo."
Hearing Xiao Daolai's words, Yun Luo finally understood the purpose of the old Palace Master's visit. It turned out that Xiao Daolai wanted his disciple to participate in the Torch Flame inheritance.
It was not a bad thing for the Cloud Mist Palace, so Yun Luo would not reject it.
The various races in the universe all had their own methods of testing talent. The method used by the Human Race was called the Torch Flame Inheritance. It was similar to the three pagodas of the Demi-Immortal Clan. It was a very authoritative method in the universe. The only difference was that the Torch Flame Inheritance was only for Human Race cultivators, while the three pagodas of the Demi-Immortal Clan were for all geniuses in the universe.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "Old palace master, you're being too polite. If this girl can achieve a good result in the Xin Huo inheritance, our Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace will also be proud. Yun Luo can't thank you enough!"
Xiao Daolai chuckled and said, "An Xin has already opened the Nine-leaf lotus. Her result in the Torch Flame inheritance should not be too bad."
Although he said it so calmly, he was still quite proud of the fact that An Xin had opened the Nine-leaf lotus. How many super geniuses had opened the Nine-leaf lotus in the universe? With An Xin's potential, it would be strange if she could not achieve a good result in the Torch Flame inheritance.
The girl called An Xin pursed her lips. Her master had placed such high hopes on her. Her goal this time was not to achieve a good result, but to get first place!
During this conversation, Xiao Daolai seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly said, "If I remember correctly, one of my weapons is in the Divine Weapon Hall. Yun Luo, can you take me there and let An Xin retrieve it?"
Xiao Daolai did not directly ask for his weapon. Instead, he asked An Xin to retrieve it herself!
For so many years, no one had been able to retrieve the Thundergale Divine Sword. He was very confident in An Xin and was sure that she would be able to retrieve it.
These words stunned Yun Luo, and a helpless smile appeared on her face.
"What? Can't I? "Xiao Daolai's face showed a strange expression.
Yun Luo shrugged. "It's not that problem. It's because … that sword was taken away a few days ago."
"Oh?" A smile appeared on Xiao Daolai's face. With his strength and status, a first grade divine weapon was nothing in his eyes. He asked An Xin to retrieve it herself. Firstly, it was because An Xin's cultivation method was suitable for the Thundergale Divine Sword. Secondly, he wanted to prove An Xin's strength in front of Yun Luo.
However, Xiao Daolai never imagined that the sword would be taken away by someone else. As the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, he had personally placed his weapon in the Divine Weapon Hall. He was very familiar with the rules of the Divine Weapon Hall. Wanting to take away his sword was not an easy matter.
"I wonder which genius took it away. What's his cultivation base?" Xiao Daolai's interest was piqued.
"His name is Luo Zheng, an ascender. His cultivation base is at the fifth layer of Life and Death realm." Yun Luo answered truthfully.
"Ascender? Fifth layer of Life and Death realm? " Xiao Daolai's eyes flashed. He was very surprised that someone with such a cultivation base could take away his sword. "I didn't expect such a cultivator to appear in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!"
Hearing her master's words, An Xin's eyes faintly revealed an unconvinced expression. Although her master didn't compare her with Luo Zheng, the sword should have been taken away by her. But now, it was taken away by this guy called Luo Zheng. Naturally, she was somewhat unconvinced.
"I'd like to see this cultivator called Luo Zheng. I wonder if it's convenient?" Xiao Daolai said indifferently.
Yun Luo nodded and said, "There's nothing wrong with that. Luo Zheng is currently cultivating in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. I'll summon him now."
Before long, Yun Luo's Sound Transmission Talisman burned in Luo Zheng's ear. This was to tell Luo Zheng that the owner of the Thundergale Divine Sword wanted to see Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was somewhat baffled. Could it be that the former Palace Master went back on his word and wanted to ask for the sword back?
But on second thought, such a person probably wouldn't ask for a first-grade divine tool. After tidying up his clothes, he rushed over according to Yun Luo's instructions.
Soon, under the guidance of the two deacons, he entered the hall.
When Xiao Daolai saw Luo Zheng, his eyes were firmly fixed on Luo Zheng. His eyes did not leave Luo Zheng at all, and his face was filled with bewilderment. However, he quickly suppressed that expression and smiled, "I heard that you were the one who took away my Lightning Wind Serene Divine Sword?"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Xiao Daolai and said, "I was the one who took away the Thundergale Divine Sword."
"Yes, Life and Death Realm cultivation base, and you've only passed five Life and Death Tribulations … It's not an injustice for this sword to fall into your hands," Xiao Daolai said indifferently.
"From what you're saying, could it be that you want to take it back?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Xiao Daolai's disciple, An Xin, was the first to speak, "Why would Master care about a first-grade divine tool? How could he take it back? That sword is naturally yours! "
The woman's words made Luo Zheng wrinkle his brows slightly, "I took this sword with my own strength, and I also used Zhen Yuanyu. How can you say that I'm giving it back?"
In fact, if the old Palace Master said that he was giving it to Luo Zheng, he wouldn't have refuted. But the woman beside the old Palace Master made it sound like she was giving alms, which made Luo Zheng feel a little uncomfortable. He, Luo Zheng, was not a beggar, and he didn't beg for the sword.