The true mystery of the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword lay in that human figure.
After Luo Zheng displayed his first sword move, he discovered this mystery and naturally pondered over it for a long time.
Every time Luo Zheng slashed out with the sword, it would incite lightning and wind blades, and at the same time, a human figure would accompany it!
At the same time, it would be accompanied by a feeling of telepathy.
However, Luo Zheng tried many times, but he was unable to control that human figure! In the end, he came to a conclusion. This Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword should have a special cultivation method that matched it. As for this cultivation method, it would be difficult for Luo Zheng to obtain it.
So when he heard the Old Palace Master's words, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and asked, "Could it be related to the cultivation method of the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword?"
Xiao Daolai nodded, "It seems you've already tried this sword. I'm afraid you're unable to control the divine figure in the sword …"
"Yes, I've tried many times, but I still can't grasp the trick," Luo Zheng replied.
"This isn't something you can test." Xiao Daolai took out a jade slip and handed it to his disciple An Xin.
An Xin originally wanted to step forward and hand it to Luo Zheng, but after thinking about it, she gently tossed it with her hand. The jade slip flew towards Luo Zheng at an extremely slow speed!
She didn't use true essence to rely on it, nor did she use any other method. Instead, she changed the time in the space between her and Luo Zheng!
"The Law of Time?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly in his heart.
In fact, this was only the first level of the Law of Time. Any cultivator who comprehended the first level of the Law of Time could do it. However, An Xin's use of time was extremely ingenious. She controlled the range of time very precisely, and the distance between her and Luo Zheng was neither too long nor too short, neither too short nor too short.
As for why she did this, there was only one reason, and that was to show off.
Luo Zheng was one step ahead of her and took away her sword. She refused to accept it in her heart. She wanted Luo Zheng to understand the gap between them!
She didn't care about the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword. She knew her destiny. As long as she didn't fall, she would be the darling of this era. As the curtains of the Great Era slowly opened, she would eventually become the main character of this era!
As for this Luo Zheng, what was he?
Luo Zheng could feel a trace of hostility from the green-robed woman, but this trace of hostility made Luo Zheng feel somewhat baffled.
Of course, with his current temperament, he wouldn't bicker with her …
However, as the jade slip flew forward, it began to slow down. Although it was still moving forward, its speed was like that of a crawling insect. If one didn't look carefully, they would think that the jade slip was frozen in the air.
As a result, Luo Zheng smiled slightly, took a step forward, and stepped into the area where she controlled time. He reached out and took the jade slip.
From beginning to end, the Law of Time had no effect on Luo Zheng!
Seeing that Luo Zheng easily dealt with her Law of Time, An Xin gently bit her lips and directly said, "You will participate in this Torch Inheritance, right?"
"Torch Inheritance?" Luo Zheng was stunned, "What's that?"
Seeing that Luo Zheng didn't know anything, An Xin whispered, "You don't even know about the Torch Inheritance. As expected of an ascender …"
On the other side, Yun Luo patted her head and said to Luo Zheng, "Sorry, I didn't have time to tell you. Luo Zheng, you must participate in this Torch Inheritance."
Luo Zheng shrugged, "I don't care, but I want to know what this Torch Inheritance is."
Yun Luo told him, "The Torch Inheritance is a way of testing one's potential in the Thirteen Palaces. It is held every once in a while." After thinking for a while, she said, "You can think of it as the tower of the Heavenly Immortal Clan!"
Yun Luo had the complete memory of the Tower of Sin!
She didn't forget that Luo Zheng had obtained the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal.
In the Great Yan Era, only a few people had obtained this title. Yun Luo was naturally looking forward to Luo Zheng's performance in the Torch Inheritance.
As for the Old Palace Master's disciple, of course, she was also good, but it seemed that she was overestimating herself if she wanted to compete with Luo Zheng in the Torch Inheritance!
If the Old Palace Master knew that Luo Zheng had the title of Golden Heavenly Immortal, he would probably immediately dispel the idea of "An Xin".
However, Yun Luo certainly wouldn't take the initiative to tell her this. This little girl was young, but because of her extraordinary talent, she was spoiled by Xiao Daolai to be so conceited. As an elder, Yun Luo couldn't stand it. This kind of girl should be defeated by Luo Zheng!
Of course, Yun Luo only subconsciously felt that An Xin was inferior to Luo Zheng, but the real situation was hard to say. The universe was so big, and there were so many strange people. Many things could inadvertently produce unexpected results. It all depended on the performance of the two people in the Torch Inheritance.
"Oh, I understand." Luo Zheng nodded. He turned to the woman in green and said, "I will participate in the Torch Inheritance. Why do you ask?"
An Xin stared at Luo Zheng and said indifferently, "I will leave you far behind!"
"And then?" Luo Zheng asked again, a stubborn smile hanging on his face.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, how could she continue to answer Luo Zheng's question? She just glared fiercely at Luo Zheng and returned to her master's side.
The smell of gunpowder between the two juniors was nothing in the eyes of Xiao Daolai and Yun Luo. The world of martial artists had always been like this. Only competition could bring out one's limits and potential.
Luo Zheng temporarily put aside the issue of the Torch Inheritance. He held the jade slip in his hand and thanked Xiao Daolai politely. No matter what, this mental cultivation method was quite useful to him. He had taken away this person's sword and received this mental cultivation method for free. Luo Zheng's gratitude was justified.
After leaving Yun Luo's place, Luo Zheng also learned about the contents of the Torch Inheritance.
The Torch Inheritance could indeed be used to test a martial artist's potential and talent, but its function was still biased towards testing …
The Tower of Sin, also known as the Exquisite Pagoda, was a place to hone a martial artist's will to fight. The Talent Stele was an important part of it, but the focus was on fighting and cultivation. Not only could one obtain good rewards from the Torch Inheritance, but there also seemed to be some very important Human Inheritance. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't refuse. He was even faintly looking forward to it. Now, Luo Zheng wouldn't give up any opportunity to enhance his strength.
A few days later, Luo Zheng was in the main hall, holding the five-foot-long Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword.
As Luo Zheng's fingers trembled slightly, the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword shot out a sword light and shot through the air!
There were no lightning or wind blades in the sword light.
At this time, Luo Zheng had complete control of the first-grade divine tool. He temporarily filtered out the power of the two Laws and only stimulated the figure within.
The mental cultivation method that the old Palace Master passed on to Luo Zheng was called the Ghost Mental Cultivation Method, which allowed him to control the "Ghost Shadow" in the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword.
The first time he had used this sword, the figure had only used a simple punch. After a few days of practice and using the Nether Spirit Mental Cultivation Method, the figure's movements had become much more complicated.
Whoosh!
The figure in the hall sped out. After taking a stride forward, he twisted his body in a snake-like manner. Then, with another roll, he gradually dissipated ….
The sword stabbed out again, and the other figure shot out again. The figure's fist punched out densely. In a short time, it punched out a full set of punches, and then gradually disappeared.
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng gently put away the sword, and his face fell into deep thought.
If one sword could stab out a Ghost Shadow, then wouldn't he be able to stab out several Ghost Shadows consecutively?
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng extracted a lot of Primal Chaos Qi from his Dantian and poured it into the long sword. His eyes suddenly revealed a murderous aura, and the Thundergale Ghost Divine Sword nimbly waved!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
In this breath, Luo Zheng stabbed out ten times!
Ten stabs in less than a blink of an eye. For an ordinary swordsman, this wasn't a difficult task.
However, when he stabbed out ten times, ten Ghost Shadows appeared in front of him, and each of them had a different movement technique …