As long as it was a divine artifact, it was basically an item with a great origin, let alone a first-grade divine artifact.
Although the Thundergale Ghost Sword couldn't be listed in the Chaotic Myriad Spirit Stele, it could definitely be called a masterpiece.
Xiao Daolai was the owner of this sword. In the past, he could at most slash out three Serene Spirit Shadows at the same time, and according to the description in the 《Serene Spirit Mental Cultivation Method》, this Thunder Wind Serene Spirit Sword could at most slash out three times …
It wasn't that Xiao Daolai's sword wasn't fast enough. At his level, his understanding of swordsmanship wasn't something Luo Zheng could compare with. It was just that when the fourth Ghost Shadow appeared, the first Ghost Shadow would disappear. In other words, only three Ghost Shadows would appear side by side at any time.
But now, Luo Zheng could make ten Ghost Shadows appear side by side with a casual slash of his sword. In fact, he had broken the rules of the Ghost Mental Cultivation Method.
As for the reason, Luo Zheng couldn't say. He could only attribute the problem to the Chaotic Qi. It seemed that any cultivation method driven by the Chaotic Qi would be much more effective. Even the laws were the same.
However, the Ghost Shadows were really very interesting.
Using the Ghost Shadows, Luo Zheng could derive countless battle tactics. For example, several Ghost Shadows could cooperate with each other at a time, or directly use the human wave tactic to swarm up. There was a lot of room for him to display.
In addition to these Ghost Shadows, Luo Zheng originally had his own sword spirit, Xun. She could even hide among the Ghost Shadows and carry out assassinations.
Now that Xun's Soul Strength had recovered by more than half, she, who possessed a Silver Soul, could even kill some experts if she caught them off guard.
The news of Luo Zheng entering the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace quickly attracted attention because of the matter of him taking the sword.
And the news of Luo Zheng's sword was even more hotly discussed in the Heavenly Palace.
The cultivators of the Lingyun Hall didn't dare to find trouble with Luo Zheng. Although the cultivators of the Swallow Cloud Hall were very concerned about this matter, and some genius cultivators even threatened to challenge Luo Zheng, they didn't do it in the end.
On the other hand, the few talented cultivators of the Swallow Cloud Hall were very indifferent. They didn't seem to have much interest in Luo Zheng.
After all, those super geniuses were quite reserved. Although the Thundergale Ghost Sword was attractive, if they went to find trouble with a Life and Death cultivator who had just entered the Heavenly Palace, they wouldn't be so unsightly.
As for the legendary sword Ghost Shadow, they didn't seem to care about it.
Because the Torch Flame was about to be ignited, no one paid attention to Luo Zheng. All the geniuses were actively preparing. Through the Torch Flame inheritance, not only could they confirm their status, but they could also obtain some extraordinary rewards.
Therefore, Luo Zheng slowly immersed himself in what happened after he came to Misty Clouds Palace.
Luo Zheng himself did not want to stir up trouble. Now that no one was looking for trouble with him, he was naturally happy to be free.
...........
He was even considering if he should get a spear for Xun.
With Xun's current soul strength, she was no longer a good match for Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit. However, her fusion with the Sword Spirit was a kind of "attachment" to Luo Zheng. So, Luo Zheng naturally let her be.
But a Saint Tool Spear didn't match Xun's current strength!
At this stage, helping Xun get a Divine Tool Spear was also an urgent matter.
However, to enter the Divine Weapon Hall, he needed to spend three hundred Zhen Yuanyu … Getting so many Zhen Yuanyu was still not an easy thing for Luo Zheng.
In fact, borrowing money from Yun Luo was also possible, but it didn't fit Luo Zheng's character. It was better to wait until the Flame Inheritance was opened!
This peace only lasted for a few days. Soon, Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace became noisy again. It wasn't because of Luo Zheng, but because of Luo Zheng's neighbor …
The woman called "Anxin" was called Ai Anxin.
She was brought to Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace by the old Palace Master. Her goal was to participate in the Flame Inheritance!
But now, with the departure of the old Palace Master, a residence was naturally arranged in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. The area Luo Zheng lived in was the area for Cloud Mist Hall warriors. The new warriors were basically settled in this area. Ai Anxin joined Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, so she was naturally a member of Cloud Mist Hall. It wasn't surprising that Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin became neighbors.
Luo Zheng didn't have any objections to this. Anyway, under normal circumstances, he didn't step out of his house. He usually stayed in his house to cultivate.
But although Ai Anxin looked like a slender and weak woman, she was really restless!
On the first day, she announced that she wanted to challenge all the warriors in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, whether they were from Cloud Mist Hall or Swallow Cloud Hall …
She used the "Lion's Roar Command" to issue this challenge!
The "Tiger's Roar Command" was similar to the "Roar Command". Of course, the "Tiger's Roar Command" wasn't as precious as the "Roar Command", nor did it have the abnormal ability to transmit sound to the entire universe.
Below the "Roar Command", there were other treasures that could transmit sound, such as the "Dragon's Roar Command", "Lion's Roar Command", and "Tiger's Roar Command". The "Dragon's Roar Command" could transmit sound to the range of ten realms, while the "Lion's Roar Command" could transmit sound to the range of one realm.
As for the "Tiger's Roar Command", it could transmit sound to the range of hundreds of miles. In fact, some Divine Sea Realm warriors could transmit their sound to such a large range without using the "Tiger's Roar Command". Ai Anxin should be able to do it as well. But to use her True Essence to transmit her voice was a bit unreserved.
However, the "Tiger's Roar Command" was the same as the "Roar Command". Both of them could forcibly transmit sound to the mind of others …
The Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace was filled with geniuses from all walks of life who had come here to cultivate. Everyone was busy with their cultivation. Occasionally, they would be disturbed by the thunderous roar. After all, Heavenly Lords would not bother about it.
However, the moment she entered the Misty Clouds Heavenly Palace, she used the "Tiger's Roar Command" to make a ruckus. Moreover, she directly challenged the warriors of the Lingyun Hall and the Swallow Cloud Hall. Her words were full of contempt, which was somewhat inappropriate.
Her challenge was like a spark that had been thrown into kerosene. It immediately ignited the anger of the martial artists from the two Halls!
The warriors of the two halls weren't the only ones who were annoyed. Some of the deacons and some of the Deputy Palace Masters were also annoyed. However, when they heard that Ai Anxin was sent here by the Old Palace Master, they didn't say anything. Anyway, the super geniuses of the Lingyun Hall and the Swallow Cloud Hall would naturally find trouble with this girl. She had to pay the price for her arrogance.
Originally, because of the shock of Luo Zheng's sword, the area in front of his door gradually quieted down. When the warriors of the Lingyun Hall passed by his door, they even felt a sense of fear. They knew that the person inside was someone they couldn't afford to offend.
Because of Ai Anxin's ruckus, the area in front of his door suddenly became lively again. After all, he was this girl's neighbor, and his door was right next to hers …
Early in the morning, Luo Zheng cultivated in seclusion for the whole night.
He quietly lit three concentrating incense sticks. The faint fragrance could make people feel refreshed and refreshed.
At this moment, there was already a commotion outside the house.
"I, Lu Zhan Yang of the Swallow Cloud Hall, accept your challenge …"
Then, there was another round of cheering outside the house.
"Come on, Senior Brother Zhan Yang!"
"This girl is too arrogant. She should be taught a lesson!"
"Lu Zhan Yang is ranked seventy-ninth in the Swallow Cloud Hall. This girl shouldn't be a match for him …"
Hearing this noise, Luo Zheng couldn't help but smile bitterly. This was really not going to stop.
In the past few days, four or five warriors had come to challenge Ai Anxin in succession. Furthermore, they were all warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall. From the 400th to the 200th to the 100th …
Right now, this person called Lu Zhan Yang was ranked seventy-ninth.
The previous few warriors had all suffered a crushing defeat in front of Ai Anxin.
The more the warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall lost, the more they wanted to win back.
If the Swallow Cloud Hall didn't win a single battle, the challenges wouldn't end …
Now, Luo Zheng sincerely hoped that Lu Zhan Yang could defeat Ai Anxin. Otherwise, there would really be no end to this.
Xun glanced at the door indifferently and said, "This Lu Zhan Yang is not a match for Ai Anxin."
Her soul perception was much stronger than Luo Zheng's. Even from such a distance, she could determine the strength of the opponent.
Luo Zheng curled his lips helplessly. What happened next would be exactly the same as a few days ago.
＝＝＝＝＝