If nothing unexpected happened …
Soon, waves of True Yuan erupted outside the house.
Under the violent Qi, the door frame and windows of Luo Zheng's small palace shook unceasingly, as if a violent storm was blowing outside.
After a few breaths of time, a blood-curdling scream came from outside the house. Soon after, Luo Zheng heard a gust of wind. He frowned. In the next moment, his door was smashed by a heavy object!
It was Lu Zhan Yang's body that smashed his door.
After smashing through the door at an extremely fast speed, the momentum of his body did not decrease at all. He directly crushed a messy trench on the floor, then penetrated the wall of the palace. After smashing a large hole, he flew out of Luo Zheng's small palace.
Luo Zheng stood there alone, curling his lips helplessly. This was already the second time.
The cultivators outside the house sighed.
"Sigh, Lu Zhan Yang also lost so easily!"
"Could this Life and Death woman really be able to overturn the entire Swallow Cloud Hall by herself?"
"I'm really not convinced!"
While sighing, they faintly sized up Luo Zheng …
Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng were both newcomers to the Misty Cloud Palace. Moreover, the two had become neighbors.
Both of them were in the Life and Death realm. However, Ai Anxin's cultivation was slightly higher, at the ninth layer of Life and Death realm, while Luo Zheng was in the fifth layer.
Seeing the Swallow Cloud Hall's cultivators being crushed by Ai Anxin one after another, they couldn't help but compare Luo Zheng with Ai Anxin.
These two were both monstrous geniuses. Who was stronger?
Unfortunately, this Luo Zheng seemed to only know how to cultivate and didn't have any intention of challenging Ai Anxin.
When he first came in, he caused a disturbance by taking out his sword. However, it quickly calmed down. Everyone knew that this Luo Zheng wasn't a troublemaker.
"Is there any way for Luo Zheng to challenge Ai Anxin?"
"What can I do? Can't you see that Ai Anxin is doing this on purpose? She deliberately threw Lu Zhanyang into Luo Zheng's palace. This is a blatant provocation. Last time, Luo Zheng tolerated it. This time, he will probably tolerate it again … "
"Our Misty Clouds Palace is filled with geniuses, yet we are suppressed by a woman. How embarrassing …"
Luo Zheng followed the groove on the floor to the door. At this time, Ai Anxin, who was dressed in green, also came forward.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Ai Anxin said, "I'll pay for the damage …"
Luo Zheng frowned. "It's not a matter of compensation. This is the second time. You did it on purpose."
Ai Anxin chuckled but refused to admit it. "How could that be? In this challenge, there will always be a mistake. I'll get someone to fix it for you!"
Before Luo Zheng could speak, the warriors on the other side had already opened their mouths.
"This woman doesn't even blush when she lies!"
"He did it on purpose!"
"Just now, she directly lifted Ai Anxin and threw her here on purpose. I saw it clearly!"
After those warriors finished speaking, Luo Zheng stared coldly at Ai Anxin. "Did you hear that?"
"I didn't hear it." Ai Anxin smiled with a carefree expression.
"Misty Clouds Palace has a dreamy space specially used for challenges. You won't get hurt in the dreamy space, and you can use your full strength. But every time you accept a challenge in front of my door and disturb my cultivation. What do you mean?" Luo Zheng stared at Ai Anxin and said.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was really angry, she curled her lips. "It's very simple. If you are willing to compete with me, I won't bother you!"
"I'm not interested." How could Luo Zheng not know what this woman was thinking? It was just that he really wasn't interested now.
Ai Anxin smiled faintly. "Then I'm afraid I'll continue to trouble you in the future. In this challenge, mistakes are inevitable …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache. Why did he have to get into trouble for no reason?!
Soon, some craftsmen came to help Luo Zheng repair the palace. Then, Ai Anxin's challenges continued. Every time she "made a mistake," she would bring disaster to Luo Zheng's house.
However, after enduring for a few days, Luo Zheng seemed to have finally calmed down.
In the past few days, the people who challenged Ai Anxin in the Swallow Cloud Hall were ranked higher and higher. Ranked 60, 32, 17, 9 …
The last warrior was ranked fourth in the Swallow Cloud Hall. His battle with Ai Anxin lasted for nearly two hours!
Warriors who had reached this realm could split mountains and split the earth with a raise of their hand. Previously, they hadn't caused too much damage because Ai Anxin had an overwhelming advantage. Usually, she would win in one move. However, this warrior ranked fourth in the Swallow Cloud Hall was indeed not weak. One could imagine the damage they had caused in the two hours of battle.
Luo Zheng's small palace had been completely obliterated. Not only his house, but the surrounding dozen or so palaces that were meant for martial artists to live in had all been razed to the ground. Only Ai Anxin's house remained standing. She seemed to have used some sort of secret divine runic technique to strengthen her house …
He sat on the only intact piece of floorboard and felt some regret. If he had known this would happen, he would have accepted this woman's challenge.
The fourth ranked warrior of the Swallow Cloud Hall was ultimately defeated by Ai Anxin.
After she clapped her hands, she looked at Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the floorboard with an innocent expression. She smiled faintly and lightly tapped her toes on the ground. Like a little bird, she floated in front of Luo Zheng and said apologetically, "I'm sorry … I'll compensate."
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. He was too lazy to speak.
However, Ai Anxin was very efficient. The flattened palaces were quickly repaired in a few hours.
Her current status in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was rapidly rising because of the battle with the fourth ranked warrior of the Swallow Cloud Hall!
Everyone understood that Ai Anxin was probably a strong competitor for the Torch Flame Inheritance!
She had already challenged the fourth ranked warrior of the Swallow Cloud Hall. This cycle of challenges had come to an end.
The top three warriors of the Swallow Cloud Hall were also top geniuses of some Great Worlds. For the Torch Flame Inheritance, they had all gone into seclusion. Naturally, they couldn't come out to challenge Ai Anxin.
Luo Zheng also had a rare moment of peace and quiet. Ai Anxin had finally calmed down …
Unknowingly, another month passed. During this month, all the warriors were focused on cultivating and preparing for the upcoming Torch Flame Inheritance.
During this month, the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace was very quiet. Except for one day, when the light of six stars shone down from the sky, which attracted many warriors' guesses.
Normally, when a star produced a phenomenon, it was mostly because some martial artist practiced a cultivation method related to the stars. And, cultivation methods related to the stars were all extremely powerful cultivation methods. However, they couldn't guess who this person was …
Luo Zheng's "Starry Battle Body" didn't go to waste. During the last period of time in the Lower World, Luo Zheng still tried to communicate with the stars, hoping to attract more stars. However, attracting stars was a matter of luck. He could only try again and again!
In the Lower Realm, every time Luo Zheng's perception left his body, it would take nearly a night. A round trip would often take a day.
Now that he had ascended to the Upper World, Luo Zheng was much closer to the stars. The time he spent was greatly reduced. Therefore, whenever night fell, Luo Zheng would tirelessly try to communicate with the stars.
As he continued to experiment like this, the number of stars that Luo Zheng had attracted had increased to six.
This was the only transcendent divine might in his possession. Although it was only half of an incomplete transcendent divine might, Luo Zheng would still work hard to cultivate it. The opponents he would face in the future were far too powerful. Not to mention Luo Yan, but the Demon Night Clan's King of Punishment, Yao, was far stronger than Luo Zheng could imagine. Besides painstakingly cultivating, he had no other choice.
One month later …
A voice resounded throughout the entire Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Yun Luo's figure was like a pure white lotus, floating alone in the skies. She lightly said, "The Torch Flame Inheritance has begun!"
After speaking, several more figures floated out. They were Xu Can and several other Vice Palace Masters.