Whether it was the Soaring Cloud Hall or the Swallow Cloud Hall, all of them walked out of their residences and looked at the crimson ring in the sky.
Some of them looked excited, while others looked gloomy.
Only by passing through the Crimson Ring would one be qualified to follow the Palace Master and participate in the Torch Inheritance. However, not everyone could pass through the Crimson Ring.
In fact, the warriors who joined the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace more or less had a certain degree of understanding of their talents. Everyone knew if they could pass through the Crimson Ring.
Those who were excited were very confident in their talents. Those who looked gloomy thought they could not pass through the Crimson Ring at all.
"I heard that only warriors with at least five leaves are qualified to pass through the Crimson Ring!"
"Not necessarily. There have been Three-leaf warriors who passed through the Crimson Ring before. However, there is some basis to the story of five leaves. Most of the warriors who passed through the Crimson Ring have opened the Five Leaves."
"I only opened the Three Leaves when I went through the Tribulation last year. Does that mean I have no hope?"
Many warriors looked at the Crimson Ring and discussed among themselves.
At this moment, a figure shot up into the sky and flew toward the Crimson Ring.
"It's Zhan Hongtang of the Swallow Cloud Hall. He must be qualified to pass through the Crimson Ring!"
Zhan Hongtang flew up at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, he was in front of the Crimson Ring. Without any hesitation, his body flashed and passed through the Crimson Ring.
Whoosh!
The moment he passed through the Crimson Ring, the entire Crimson Ring bloomed with a dazzling crimson halo.
"What a bright red light. I heard that Zhan Hongtang was a genius who opened the Five Leaves Lotus a few years ago. With such a bright red light, I guess he has opened the Seven Leaves!"
After Zhan Hongtang passed through the Crimson Ring, he stood behind a Vice Palace Master. He was introduced to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace by the Vice Palace Master, so he could be considered the Vice Palace Master's direct disciple.
The Vice Palace Master smiled slightly, looking a little proud. Zhan Hongtang's face was also arrogant as he looked down at the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
After the first person passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, very quickly, the second martial artist also flew up!
When the warrior was about to pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring suddenly emitted a black light. Then, a transparent membrane appeared in the middle of the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, blocking the warrior outside.
"Failed?"
"Well, this guy is a martial artist from Lingyun Hall. His talent is not enough to pass the Red Cloud Ring!"
"The passing rate of Lingyun Hall is not high!"
A look of disappointment appeared on the cultivator's face. Although he was not convinced, he did not dare to question the Palace Master. He could only leave unhappily.
Following that, there were martial artists flying towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring in the sky!
But looking at the speed and momentum of their flight, it was actually possible to tell whether or not they would be able to pass through the Scarlet Dawn Ring. Those martial artists who were extremely confident were flying at full speed, almost without slowing down! Such martial artists, eight or nine out of ten, would be able to pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring. Of course, there were very few who were blindly confident and rushed towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring at an extremely fast speed. As a result, they were directly bounced back by the membrane, making a fool of themselves.
And those who slowed down and hesitated, most of them could not pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring. They were well aware of their talent and were just giving it a try. Of course, there were also a small number of martial artists who originally thought that they would not be able to pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, but inexplicably passed through it. Their faces were immediately filled with ecstasy!
Luo Zheng looked at the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the corners of his mouth slightly raised. He was not in a hurry to rush in like a swarm of bees. It was better to wait until there were fewer people.
But at this moment, he noticed the gaze of Ai Anxin, who was next to him, and he suddenly frowned.
Luo Zheng felt that this woman was very conceited and very willing to accept challenges and challenges. She had been waiting for an opportunity to compete with him.
The problem was that Luo Zheng was not very interested in this kind of thing.
After experiencing the Spiritual Dilemma, he understood his goal. What he needed to do was to achieve his goal step by step, and not to prove anything to others. Or rather, he had already passed this stage. Clearly, this Ai Anxin had not passed this stage …
"The more lotus leaves you open, the stronger the reaction to the Lotus Flower, and the brighter the Scarlet Afterglow Ring should be." Ai Anxin said with a smile, "I wonder how many leaves you have opened?"
Luo Zheng pursed his lips and replied, "I'm not sure."
"You don't want to say?" Ai Anxin smiled.
Luo Zheng shrugged. He was indeed unwilling to say.
Just as the two of them were talking, another blue figure flew up. It was a martial artist dressed in blue. As he flew up, his body exuded a fierce aura.
"It's Xue Muyang!"
"The number one monster in Swallow Cloud Hall!"
"That Xue Muyang should be a nine-leaf Lotus Flower martial artist. It's certain that he will pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring …"
"I heard that he is also an ascender! He ascended six years ago! "
The moment Xue Muyang passed through the Crimson Afterglow Ring, the entire Crimson Afterglow Ring bloomed with an even more blazing light. Rays of crimson afterglow lingered on the ring and fluctuated, causing the faces of everyone in the Heavenly Palace to turn red!
There were already hundreds of martial artists who had passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, and this Xue Muyang was the one who shone the brightest when passing through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring!
After passing through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly, and he flew towards Yun Luo.
Yun Luo smiled faintly, "Not bad!"
"It's far from enough," Xue Muyang said, "I will prove myself to you in the Torch Inheritance!"
The expression on Yun Luo's face was a little unnatural, but she said, "Don't say anymore!"
However, Xue Muyang did not listen at all, "I joined the Misty Cloud Palace for you! I will prove myself to you. I will prove to you that I am the main character of this great world. Just give me twenty years, twenty years, and I will definitely catch up to you! I will be a good match for you! "
Hearing this, many martial artists, including the vice palace masters, had a strange expression on their faces!
In front of so many people, he actually expressed his true feelings to the palace master, this was too ….
The key was that the difference in strength between the two was too great. Xue Muyang was only at the Divine Ocean Realm, while Yun Luo was already a half step sector lord. Although martial artists respected strength, other than the Yao Ye Clan, there were far more male martial artists than female martial artists, and they were usually stronger than female martial artists.
If Xue Muyang was really interested in Yun Luo, he had to consider his own cultivation first!
Yun Luo's face sank when she heard this. She said coldly, "Xue Muyang, what you saw and chased was only a clone created by my cultivation method. It was only an illusion. Please don't have such boring dreams!"
After being scolded by Yun Luo, Xue Muyang gritted his teeth and stood behind Yun Luo. Although his expression was not good, his eyes were still burning with passion.
"Who can tell me what's going on with this Xue Muyang?"
"Haven't you heard? Palace Master Yun Luo cultivates the Million Soul Clones Technique. She severed a million clones and scattered them in many lower realms to cultivate. Xue Muyang was originally a lower realm cultivator, but he fell in love with one of Palace Master Yun Luo's clones! "
"He's also a weirdo. It's said that the upper realm he ascended to is more than 60 great realms away from our great realm! He relied on his perseverance and luck to cross so many great realms and arrive at Misty Cloud Palace! "
"He's not really a weirdo. His talent is high, and he'll be valued in any sacred land. As long as he has a request, there's no reason for them to not send him to Misty Cloud Palace!"
"However, he fell in love with one of the palace master's clones. Now that the palace master has taken back all her clones ….. it's not the same thing!"
Hearing the discussions, Luo Zheng's face was filled with shock.
He roughly understood the reason ….
Xue Muyang, as an ascender, encountered Yun Luo's clone in the lower realms, but it was just a clone. He was trying to prove his talent and strength to pursue Yun Luo.