When Luo Zheng first came into contact with Yun Luo after he ascended, he had a very strange feeling.
In fact, this strange feeling had not disappeared until now.
In Luo Zheng's view, the Yun Luo in front of him was no different from the two Yun Luos in the mortal world in terms of appearance, but in fact, they were completely different people!
In other words, the Yun Luo Luo Zheng once knew had disappeared and was swallowed up by the Yun Luo in front of him.
Although Palace Master Yun Luo in front of him had inherited the memories of the two Yun Luos, it was only two out of a million memories after all.
The reason why Yun Luo had a deep impression of Luo Zheng was that she had extracted the memories of Luo Zheng from the memories of millions of Yun Luos …
If Yun Luo had not extracted the memories of Xue Muyang, Xue Muyang would have been equivalent to a stranger to Yun Luo.
Even though Xue Muyang had followed Yun Luo to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace and his outstanding performance had attracted Yun Luo's attention, and she had also understood Xue Muyang's intentions, this still did not change the fact that he was a stranger to her.
However, looking at Xue Muyang's posture, who seemed to be determined not to give up until he achieved his goal, Luo Zheng could only shake his head slightly. So what if he proved his strength in the future? Feelings were not won by strength. If Yun Luo was an ordinary woman, it would be fine, but she was the son of a Celestial Master, and now she was in a high position, so how could she give herself to anyone casually?
Of course, this matter had nothing to do with Luo Zheng …
The cultivators below still flew towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring in an orderly manner. Those who passed stood behind the Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters, while those who failed left dejectedly. Gradually, the number of cultivators flying up became fewer and fewer.
"Aren't you going?" Ai Anxin asked.
"You can go up first," Luo Zheng suggested.
Ai Anxin said, "Actually, I asked you to go first … but since you asked me to go first, I'll go first!"
After saying that, Ai Anxin tiptoed and circled in the air. Then, she nimbly moved towards the Scarlet Afterglow Ring. When she turned around, she even turned around and smiled at Luo Zheng. Then, she passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring with her back to him.
The moment Ai Anxin passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, a scarlet radiance burst out from one end of the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, spreading rapidly along the ring!
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring began to hum!
At the same time, dazzling rays of light surged like waves on the Scarlet Cloud Ring, refusing to disperse!
It was also because the light was too dazzling that the Scarlet Afterglow Ring no longer looked like a ring-shaped object in the eyes of the crowd. Instead, it looked like a huge fireball, like a sun.
"What a strong reaction, this woman! Her lotus flower has opened up a few leaves! "
"Xue Muyang is already at the Nine-leaf stage. Could it be that this woman has surpassed the Nine-leaf stage?"
"No wonder she's so arrogant and dares to challenge the entire Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Her talent is truly unimaginable …"
The few Vice Palace Masters of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace looked surprised as well. They remembered this woman. Not long ago, she had used the Tiger's Roar Token to challenge all the geniuses in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. The Vice Palace Masters had asked around and found out that she was the Old Palace Master's direct disciple.
Since the Old Palace Master had placed her here, they would just let her be.
The Old Palace Master's direct disciple was, naturally, not weak in terms of strength and talent. However, they did not expect Ai Anxin to trigger such a strong reaction from the Scarlet Afterglow Ring.
Yun Luo looked surprised as well. "For the Scarlet Afterglow Ring to react like this, her lotus flower should be at the Nine-leaf stage as well!"
"Mhm." One of the Vice Palace Masters nodded. "That should be the case. If I'm not mistaken, she should be at the peak of the Nine-leaf stage. If she goes through ten minor Heavenly Tribulations, there's a chance she'll grow a Mahayana lotus flower!"
"The Mahayana Lotus Flower …" Another Vice Palace Master sighed. "The Old Palace Master's luck is so good. Not only was he able to become a Celestial Venerable and escape the Five Decay of Heaven, but he also picked up such a treasure!"
Those who possessed the Mahayana Lotus Flower were few and far between even among the various races in the entire universe!
Yun Luo nodded and smiled faintly. "This woman should have a place in the great world …"
However, Yun Luo did not dare to speak with absolute certainty. The great world had just begun, and the Battle of the Great Worlds would last for a long time. Many things were unknown and could not be judged. Even if one had a heaven-defying Luck and was the favorite of this era, one might not necessarily become the main character!
Moreover, in Yun Luo's opinion, this woman was too arrogant. Although Yun Luo did not leave her palace, she had heard some news. In particular, Ai Anxin had repeatedly provoked Luo Zheng. To put it bluntly, Ai Anxin was simply courting death.
If she kept courting death, even heaven-defying Luck would not be able to save her!
Naturally, Yun Luo did not care about this. She did not give Luo Zheng any advice, nor did she give Luo Zheng any special treatment. Since Luo Zheng had Dual Birth Charts, she would let Luo Zheng walk his own path.
"Luo Zheng, why haven't you come up yet?" Yun Luo glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently.
In fact, Luo Zheng and Xue Muyang's identities were very similar. Both of them were ascenders and both of them had encountered Yun Luo's clone in the lower realm. Both of them were very outstanding …
However, when Yun Luo recalled the memories, the shock that Luo Zheng gave her was much stronger than Xue Muyang's! Therefore, Yun Luo's impression of Luo Zheng was much deeper than Xue Muyang's.
Ai Anxin stood in the sky. She was introduced to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace by the Old Palace Master. Logically speaking, she should stand behind Yun Luo. However, she was floating alone on the side. As for the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, it was still extraordinarily gorgeous. The fiery red glow shone on her face.
She felt everyone's shocked gazes. Her expression was somewhat calm, but she was slightly proud of herself!
Being proud did not mean that she was satisfied.
Her goal was definitely not limited to the small Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. In the future, she would face the top geniuses of the entire universe. She wanted to win a place for herself in the only great battle of the era!
And this Torch Flame Inheritance was just the beginning.
As the glow slowly dimmed, the entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring returned to its calm state.
Behind her, a few more warriors flew up. At this time, she was also staring at Luo Zheng below. "Luo Zheng, it's yours. Don't you plan to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance?"
Luo Zheng had rejected her challenge time and time again. She had no choice but to choose to defeat Luo Zheng in the Torch Flame Inheritance!
Hearing Ai Anxin's words, Luo Zheng smiled faintly. Many people also focused their gazes on Luo Zheng.
During this period of time, the two newcomers with the most outstanding performances were Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng. In fact, many warriors in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace were also curious. If these two fought, how would they determine the winner?
However, Luo Zheng had only fought twice in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. The first time, he defeated a warrior from Lingyun Hall, and the second time, he almost killed Swallow Cloud Hall's Young Master Jing Xuan!
However, Jing Xuan was only ranked around 200 in Swallow Cloud Hall … So it was difficult to determine Luo Zheng's true strength through Jing Xuan.
However, Ai Anxin had defeated more than ten people in a row. Among them, there were those ranked in the top hundreds of Swallow Cloud Hall, and there were also those ranked in the tens. Ai Anxin had also defeated the fourth-ranked warrior in Swallow Cloud Hall!
When Ai Anxin passed through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring, the light she attracted was several times more than Xue Muyang's. It also made everyone understand that this woman's potential seemed to be far beyond their imagination.
Therefore, although the vast majority of martial artists did not like Ai Anxin, compared to Luo Zheng, their hearts were still biased towards her …
"Come up quickly!" Ai Anxin stretched out her hand toward Luo Zheng. Her five slender white fingers spread open as if she wanted to pull Luo Zheng up from a distance of several hundred feet.
Luo Zheng nodded. Then, he urged the Chaotic Energy to slowly float up into the air.
"Look at Luo Zheng. He doesn't seem to be confident!"
"It seems that no one knows how many lotuses he has opened. Could it be that he has only opened three? Is he afraid that he can't pass through the Scarlet Afterglow Ring? "
"That's impossible …"
"There is a slight possibility. After all, he knows how many lotuses he has opened. Look at those hesitant warriors. Most of them can't pass!"
＝＝＝＝＝