Hearing those words, a faint smile appeared on Yun Luo's face. She was full of confidence in Luo Zheng.
She didn't know how many lotuses Luo Zheng had opened, and she couldn't get any relevant memories from the memories of her two doppelgangers. Luo Zheng's tribulation was something that happened in the Divine Kingdom Continent. Of her two Yun Luos, one was in the Eastern Territory, and the other was in the Sea God Continent.
In front of Luo Zheng, she didn't ask. Since Luo Zheng was able to obtain a golden heavenly title in the Tower of Sin, it would be a joke if he couldn't even pass the Scarlet Cloud Ring in front of them.
Luo Zheng just maintained a steady speed, slowly flying towards the Scarlet Cloud Ring.
Those who should have passed had already passed, and those who didn't stayed below. Everyone was very curious about whether Luo Zheng could pass the Scarlet Cloud Ring, so everyone's attention was focused on him.
Although Luo Zheng's speed was slow, the Scarlet Cloud Ring was only twenty to thirty feet high. In a short while, Luo Zheng arrived in front of the Scarlet Cloud Ring.
The Scarlet Cloud Ring, which had calmed down, was like a burning iron ring, faintly emitting a dark red light.
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng quietly flew towards the Scarlet Cloud Ring …
Everyone saw very clearly that the Scarlet Cloud Ring didn't produce a transparent film to block Luo Zheng outside. The moment he passed through, the Scarlet Cloud Ring seemed to sense something, and a scarlet light began to accumulate on the ring.
"The momentum of that light … is so fierce. It seems like it's going to surpass Ai Anxin's?"
"It can't be. The light that burst out when Ai Anxin passed through the Scarlet Cloud Ring is probably the limit of the Scarlet Cloud Ring. Since it's the limit, how can it be surpassed?"
"Let's wait and see. There will always be a winner!"
Above the Scarlet Cloud Ring, Ai Anxin also bit her lips and stared at the Scarlet Cloud Ring.
Why did she consider Luo Zheng as her opponent?
It was definitely not because he took away her Master's Thunder and Wind Ghost Divine Sword.
However, that day, her master had secretly told her that Luo Zheng was the same as her. They both had the fate of the Battle of the Ages. Moreover, there seemed to be an additional uncertainty in Luo Zheng's fate. In other words, he was a fateless person.
This Luo Zheng was qualified to be her opponent.
Ai Anxin didn't care about the super geniuses of the Cloud Mist Palace at all. Xue Muyang was not bad, but she still didn't think Xue Muyang was a match for her.
Therefore, ever since she entered the Misty Cloud Palace, she could have been assigned to a very secluded residence, but she chose the small palace in the Lingyun Hall and insisted on being Luo Zheng's neighbor.
After using the Tiger Roar Command to issue a challenge, Ai Anxin hoped that Luo Zheng would challenge him. However, this guy was unmoved and ignored him …
They had provoked him many times and even destroyed his house, but he still ignored them …
In the end, Ai Anxin had no other choice. She couldn't just attack Luo Zheng without saying anything, right?
Although the most important inspection was the inheritance of the Torch Flame, she could see a thing or two from the reaction of the Crimson Cloud Ring.
Seeing the light accumulating on the Crimson Cloud Ring, which should be more intense and more dazzling than hers, Ai Anxin suddenly became nervous. With her proud personality, she believed that there were not many geniuses in the world who could stand shoulder to shoulder with her, and in the Alliance, there should be even fewer people like her!
The light on the Crimson Cloud Ring was constantly accumulating, and it was about to erupt along with the ring.
Yun Luo also watched everything indifferently, and there was a look of disbelief in the depths of her eyes. As for the Vice Palace Master, Xu Can, his face didn't look too good …
However, at this moment, the light accumulating on the Crimson Cloud Ring suddenly disappeared! It wasn't just the glow that had disappeared. Under normal circumstances, the Scarlet Afterglow Ring maintained its dark red appearance. However, at this moment, the dark red color had also disappeared. The entire Scarlet Afterglow Ring had turned into a black iron ring. The ring no longer had any luster.
Everyone was stunned when they saw this scene.
"How could this be?"
"Could it be that the Crimson Cloud Ring is broken …"
"How could it be? The Crimson Cloud Ring is a first-grade divine artifact, and it wasn't attacked. It can't be broken just like that!"
Regardless of whether it was the martial artists above or below, they were all discussing in low voices.
The Crimson Cloud Ring was the screening treasure of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, and this had never happened before!
Luo Zheng had just passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring, and when he saw this scene, he was a little stunned. What was going on?
As for Ai Anxin, she secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Perhaps she didn't think that the Crimson Cloud Ring would be able to prove anything. This was just a small screening before the Torch Flame Inheritance. Even if Luo Zheng could make the Crimson Cloud Ring shine brighter, it didn't mean that Luo Zheng's talent was better than hers.
However, Ai Anxin still didn't want Luo Zheng to surpass her in passing through the Crimson Cloud Ring. But when she saw the Crimson Cloud Ring grow brighter and brighter, she became worried. Now that the Crimson Cloud Ring seemed to have suddenly lost its effect, she was indeed relieved.
Yun Luo gently floated to the Crimson Cloud Ring, and her expression became more and more strange. She glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently, and then reached out to touch the Crimson Cloud Ring. With a gentle touch of her finger, the black Crimson Cloud Ring was activated by her, and it bloomed red again.
"What's going on?" asked Luo Zheng.
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng, and the corner of her mouth slightly raised. "You want to try again?"
Luo Zheng nodded, and as Yun Luo asked, he bypassed the Crimson Cloud Ring and went up from below.
The result was exactly the same as last time …
The red light on the Crimson Cloud Ring suddenly extinguished after a while, and the whole Crimson Cloud Ring became black and lost its luster.
Seeing this, Yun Luo blinked her eyes, moved her finger slightly, and said, "Okay, you've passed."
Luo Zheng nodded, and no longer wondered why the Crimson Cloud Ring was like this. He flew into the air and stood side by side with the other warriors who had passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring.
But at this time, Xu Can, the Vice Palace Master, said, "Palace Master, isn't this a bit against the rules? According to the previous rules, to participate in the Torch Inheritance, one must pass through the Crimson Cloud Ring's selection. This Luo Zheng didn't … "
Yun Luo said indifferently, "He has passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring."
"But there's a problem with the Crimson Cloud Ring!" Xu Can argued.
"There's a problem, but he still passed," answered Yun Luo.
Xu Can smiled coldly, and quibbled, "According to what Palace Master said, if the Crimson Cloud Ring is not activated, then everyone can pass through and receive the Torch Inheritance, right? Then what's the point of the Crimson Cloud Ring's selection? If this kid passes through like this, won't it be unfair for the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace? "
In fact, as long as one was not blind, one could see clearly that Luo Zheng had passed through first, and then the Crimson Cloud Ring was extinguished!
However, Xu Can's sophistry resonated with the martial artists below.
About less than ten percent of the warriors in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace had passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring, and the other ninety percent of the warriors could not participate in the Torch Inheritance. Besides being disappointed, they were naturally unhappy and felt that it was unfair.
Hearing Xu Can's sophistry, one by one, they echoed.
"Yes, if we let him pass like this, then everyone can go, right?"
"No, we must let him pass once, or it will be cheating!"
"…"
Hearing the voices of the warriors below, Yun Luo's eyes became colder and colder.
She had already guessed where the problem was, but she did not want to deliberately say it. Just now, when Luo Zheng passed through the Crimson Cloud Ring for the first time, he extinguished the Crimson Cloud Ring's glow. She knew that Luo Zheng had probably opened the Mahayana Lotus!
The Crimson Cloud Ring could only sense the limit of the Lesser Realization Lotus. Beyond this limit, the Crimson Cloud Ring could not respond normally, so it was extinguished in an instant!
According to Yun Luo's previous judgment, Luo Zheng's lotus had at least opened seven leaves, and it was very likely that he had opened the ninth leaf like Xue Muyang, or the peak of the ninth leaf like Ai Anxin. However, she did not expect Luo Zheng to open the Mahayana Lotus at the fifth level of the Life and Death Realm.
However, her judgment was based on the reaction of the Crimson Cloud Ring. As for how many leaves Luo Zheng's Mahayana Lotus had opened? Was it eleven leaves? Or thirteen leaves? Or even fifteen leaves? She still did not ask Luo Zheng.
Facing Xu Can's doubts, she smiled coldly, stared at Xu Can, and said, "In the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, am I the one who has the final say, or are you the one who has the final say?"