With Yun Luo's personality, she didn't like to compete with others.
Although she was the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, she spent most of her time quietly cultivating. She didn't care much about the position of Palace Lord.
As for why Xu Can liked to aggressively find her every time, his purpose was naturally for the position of Palace Lord.
This time, Yun Luo acted out of character and questioned them. Who was the one in charge here?
In the end, Yun Luo was the Palace Lord of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!
The other Vice Palace Lords didn't have much of an opinion. In fact, they also knew the reason why the Scarlet Glow Ring failed. It was most likely because it couldn't accurately determine Luo Zheng's level, which led to this situation.
However, Luo Zheng was indeed qualified to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance. If Luo Zheng wasn't qualified, he might have been directly blocked when he passed through the Scarlet Glow Ring.
They were just curious how many lotus leaves Luo Zheng had unfolded.
As for Xu Can, he was just looking for trouble.
Now that Yun Luo was strong, Xu Can's eyes revealed a trace of viciousness, but he didn't dare to say anything.
As for the cultivators below who didn't pass the Scarlet Glow Ring, how could they dare to say anything in front of Yun Luo?
"The Scarlet Glow Ring's screening is complete. The 356 cultivators who passed the Scarlet Glow Ring this time, follow me!"
After speaking, Yun Luo flew in a direction without looking back. Xue Muyang's Swallow Cloud Hall cultivators looked at each other and followed closely behind Yun Luo. As for the other Vice Palace Lords, they also led some cultivators to follow.
Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin followed at the back of the group.
The two of them were considered outliers in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. Although they were Lingyun Hall cultivators in name, they actually had strength comparable to Swallow Cloud Hall cultivators! The most important thing was that the two of them were Life and Death Realm cultivators, and Luo Zheng was the most ridiculous of them all. He was only at the fifth level of Life and Death Realm …
After following Yun Luo all the way, they left Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace and turned into a spatial passage.
In the next thirty hours, hundreds of people followed Yun Luo and hurried on their way.
Although everyone's speed wasn't slow, traveling through a Great World would take years. Even if they turned into a Great World's passageway, the distance that many martial artists traveled was still insignificant compared to a Great World.
After following Yun Luo out of the spatial tunnel, a big city appeared in front of them. This was not their destination, it was just a relay station.
Of course, this was just a relay station for warriors, but the function of this relay station was that there were tens of millions of living creatures living in the city.
When they arrived at the relay station, they boarded a large ship. Once again, they entered the great world passageway and continued on their way.
Fortunately, there was no need for them to use their Quintessential Essence to fly on this ship. Luo Zheng also found a place to close his eyes and cultivate. While cultivating, Luo Zheng also tried to use the memories of the Great Thousand Realms to check the situation in the lower realm.
Although he was very far away from the Great Thousand World, with the fusion of his soul and will, he could still continuously retrieve the memories in it at any time. However, he could not use the power transfer ability.
When he checked, he discovered that Liu Yu had already ascended.
When he returned to the Sea God's Continent for the second time, Liu Yu had already successfully passed his tribulation. It was very likely that he had been forced to ascend by the Great Thousand World just like himself.
With Liu Yu's talent, he should be able to develop smoothly in the Yao Ye Clan. Luo Zheng thought to himself.
When he looked at the Central Domain again, it seemed to be in a peaceful state while he was away. Su Lingyun's cultivation was steadily increasing, and Xi Youqin was still missing. As for Ning Yudie's figure, it seemed like she had gained some weight.
Luo Zheng suddenly thought of something. When he retrieved the memories again, he realized that Ning Yudie was pregnant!
This was the memory of the Great Thousand World, from its birth to the present moment, it had recorded almost everything that had happened in the past. Luo Zheng was constantly looking up Ning Yudie's memories during this period of time by tracing back the flow of time.
Only then did Yang Kai realize that Ning Yudie had already discovered that he was pregnant a few days before he had left.
"I'm going to be a father?" Luo Zheng was still in a daze, but his face was soon filled with joy. Unfortunately, he only managed to find out about this after he ascended. He realized that this matter was not under Luo Zheng's control. He had wanted to stay in the lower realm for a while, but the Great Thousand World did not allow him to do so.
Now that Luo Zheng had ascended, it would be impossible for him to return to the lower realm in a short period of time. He could only leave Ning Yudie to suffer. She had to face all of this alone.
A warrior's cultivation was to go against the heavens, and a woman's home was a hero's grave. Although Luo Zheng missed her, he knew that there were some things that he could not change. There were bound to be losses. He could not take all the benefits in this world.
He searched through the memories again, but there was still no trace of Xi Youqin. It seemed that she had really been staying in the Extreme Purple Realm, but he did not know what this girl was up to.
At this moment, in the Extreme Purple Realm …
There were three floors and one tower in the Extreme Purple Realm. The third floor was the Purple Jade Tower, the Soul Sweeping Tower, and the Moon Embracing Tower. The first tower was the Indefinite Tower. Among the three floors and one tower, one tower was the highest.
The Indefinite Tower was naturally related to the Indefinite Old Man. However, the Indefinite Tower was indeed an indefinite tower. It was three thousand feet wide and one million feet tall. Rather than calling it a tower, it was more appropriate to call it a huge and majestic building.
At this moment, Xi Youqin was throwing a tantrum on one of the floors of the Indefinite Tower.
"I … I don't want to cultivate anymore! Wuuu … "Xi Youqin waved her hand, and countless giant swords that were floating in the air smashed down with a loud bang. The other warriors under the giant swords quickly dodged.
"Young master, you can't do that!"
"The Tower Master has ordered you to cultivate for two hours today!"
"Young master, your progress is really fast. You're a thousand times faster than ordinary warriors. Cultivating for a while more will bring you great benefits …"
Many people came to Xi Youqin's side and comforted her.
"I don't want to cultivate anymore!" Xi Youqin felt wronged and cried.
Ever since she was born, she had never been so serious in her cultivation. When she was still in the Void Sky City, her family had always let her throw a tantrum. Because of this, even though she possessed the Extreme Purple Yin Body, she was still weaker than some Divine Reflection Realm warriors when she was still in the Divine Core realm, and her foundation was weak.
Luo Zheng had ascended to the Immortal Realm. She wanted to meet Luo Zheng in the Immortal Realm and give him a big surprise. That was why she agreed to enter the Indefinite Tower and become his disciple.
In the beginning, Xi Youqin could still bear it, but as time passed, she couldn't bear it anymore …
A warrior's cultivation was all about cultivation. After reincarnation, it was still reincarnation. How could Xi Youqin, who loved to play the zither and admire the flowers, get used to this?
Therefore, she became more and more resistant to the idea, which made all the other disciples in the Indefinite Tower feel depressed.
Xi Youqin had only been in the Indefinite Tower for a short period of time. Compared to the thousands of years she had spent in the Indefinite Tower, these few months were just a blink of an eye. In these few months, Xi Youqin had continuously broken all kinds of records. Her talent was so outstanding that it made all the other disciples jealous.
The key reason was the Extreme Purple Yin Body. The Extreme Purple Yin Body possessed by ordinary warriors couldn't be compared with hers. Almost all the cultivation techniques in the Extreme Purple Realm were related to the Extreme Purple Yin Body.
What made everyone speechless was that Xi Youqin had only endured for a short period of time, but she couldn't bear it anymore. She wanted to waste her great talent!
Of course, Indefinite Old Man wouldn't allow such a waste. Although Indefinite Old Man had gone out for a few days, he had ordered a few elders to take care of Xi Youqin. He was treating Xi Youqin like a treasure. No wonder she attracted so many jealous gazes.
"Youqin, the path of martial dao is about perseverance and perseverance. If you don't have perseverance, how are you going to achieve great things?" One of the elders said.
"What great things do I want? I have my own husband. I'm just a little girl!" Xi Youqin whimpered.
Another Elder shook his head, "I know that your husband is not a fish in a pond. The world of cultivators is also very cruel. Even if they are husband and wife, there is a reason why they are compatible. In the future, if you want to be together with your husband, the effort you put in today is the most important!"
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng is not that kind of person!" Xi Youqin retorted. Anyway, she really couldn't stand this kind of boring cultivation.