Upon hearing Xi Youqin's words, another elder sneered and said, "I admit that you're not wrong! However, it's normal for a man to have multiple wives. Since he has ascended to the Upper Realm, it's hard to guarantee that he won't have a new lover. Your strength is too weak, how can you compete with him? "
In fact, this elder was only guessing. She didn't know Luo Zheng, so how could she know what Luo Zheng's character was like? However, she had heard the Pagoda Master mention that Luo Zheng was the little fellow that her old man favored …
However, in order to make Xi Youqin focus on cultivation, she could only say such nonsense. At least, it would make Xi Youqin alert or motivate her to focus on cultivation.
"I don't care …"
It was a pity that this method had been used too many times. No matter how good the effect was, it would be obliterated by the boredom of cultivation!
Xi Youqin sat in a corner and refused to cultivate with her sword.
Seeing Xi Youqin so willful, the elders couldn't do anything about it. They all felt a headache coming on. This little fellow was really difficult to train!
In fact, Xi Youqin's talent was not bad since she was young. At least, it wasn't worse than Xi Xiaojie's. However, she had been stubborn since she was young. Coupled with the fact that she was pampered by everyone, no one dared to force her to cultivate.
Everything had its vanquisher. If there was anyone in this world who could make her listen to him, it would probably be Luo Zheng.
These people weren't nobodies in the Extreme Purple Realm, but they really couldn't do anything to Xi Youqin …
At this moment, a figure quietly appeared not far away.
When Xi Youqin saw the figure, she said with an aggrieved expression, "Master …"
When the others saw that person, they respectfully called out, "Pagoda Master!"
Indefinite Old Man slowly walked back. When he saw Xi Youqin's reaction, he smiled faintly and said, "In a few years, the Illusory Battlefield will open …"
Xi Youqin's face revealed a strange expression. She asked, "Master, what is the Illusory Battlefield?"
Indefinite Old Man smiled and said, "Youqin, you've been to the Illusory Battlefield before, right?"
In the Upper Realm, building the Illusory Battlefield was a very common method. Many Holy Lands had such a battlefield for warriors to compete with each other.
Xi Youqin nodded. Of course, she had been there.
Indefinite Old Man continued, "When the Illusory Battlefield opens, all the younger warriors in the world will enter it to fight and compete with each other! I believe that at that time, Luo Zheng will also enter it! "
Xi Youqin thought for a moment before saying, "Then …"
"If you can enter the Divine Sea Realm, I'll let you enter the Illusory Battlefield. If you can rely on your own strength to fight for a place in the Illusory Battlefield, meeting Luo Zheng will be easy! "Indefinite Old Man said with a smile.
"Ah!" Xi Youqin was stunned for a moment, then a look of surprise appeared on her face.
"However, you'll encounter all the races in the world in the Illusory Battlefield. There are countless geniuses from all kinds of races, and the strength of those super geniuses is not to be underestimated. It won't be easy to meet Luo Zheng …" Indefinite Old Man continued smiling.
"Is that so?" Hearing this, Xi Youqin's expression slowly changed.
In fact, after entering the Indefinite Tower, Xi Youqin understood many things. She naturally understood the advantages of her Extreme Violet Yin Body and the heights she could reach in the future.
However, she was very confident in her talent, but not in her willpower …
As for her lack of willpower, the biggest reason was that she did not know when she would be able to meet Luo Zheng again if she continued to cultivate like this. Ten years? A hundred years? A thousand years?
Just thinking about it made her scalp tingle!
If it was really like what her master said, she would break through to the Divine Sea Realm and wait for the Illusory Battlefield to open. Naturally, she would not give up this opportunity!
"Yes, I can guarantee that if you cultivate diligently, with your talent, the probability of meeting Luo Zheng in the Illusory Battlefield is very high!" Indefinite Old Man said seriously.
Xi Youqin pursed her lips, and a trace of unswerving determination slowly emerged in her eyes. All her perseverance was for Luo Zheng.
"I understand, Master …"
…
…
Luo Zheng's ship entered the trans-boundary passage and began its trans-boundary voyage.
In contrast, Luo Zheng was not as lucky as Xi Youqin. Since she entered the Indefinite Tower, no matter what she wanted, Indefinite Old Man would satisfy her to the best of his ability. Moreover, he had a respected status in the Indefinite Tower and even called her Young Master. As for cultivation, he spent a lot of effort coaxing Xi Youqin to do it …
Now, Luo Zheng had to rely on himself to fight for everything.
It was said that there would be good rewards in the Torch Flame Inheritance. Of course, Luo Zheng would not let it go.
A few days later, the ship finally left the trans-boundary passage, and what appeared in front of everyone was a grotesque and variegated world.
Yun Luo led the people of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace away from the ship and continued to fly forward.
Under everyone's feet was an orange sea. This vast and boundless orange sea indeed gave people a strange feeling.
"This world …" Feeling the strange atmosphere of this world, Luo Zheng could not help but reveal a puzzled look on his face.
On the other hand, Ai Anxin looked indifferent and then said, "This is a Broken World."
"A Broken World? Just like the Purple Extreme Realm? "Luo Zheng asked.
Ai Anxin nodded and then said, "That's why the Alliance set the Torch Flame Inheritance here. This Broken World used to be called the Orange Sea Realm because the sea water in this realm is orange!"
In the Orange Sea Realm's sea water, there were extremely small creatures. There were many of these creatures densely distributed in the sea water, dyeing the entire Orange Sea Realm's sea water orange.
Millions of years ago, the Orange Sea Realm was also a complete great realm. But because several human Empyreans were at odds with each other, they fought in the Orange Sea Realm. The entire great realm could not withstand such a huge amount of power. In the end, the great realm collapsed. Now, the Orange Sea Realm was only a tenth of its former size. It could no longer be considered a complete great realm.
This time, their destination was a huge island in the Orange Sea Realm called Changsu Island. Everyone would participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance on Changsu Island.
In fact, Changsu Island was called an island by Ai Anxin, but that was just the view of the Upper World warriors. According to the standards of the Lower World, Changsu Island was ten times the size of the Central Domain and could be called a huge continent.
After listening to Ai Anxin's introduction, Luo Zheng nodded slightly. Although Ai Anxin came to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace to stir up trouble, he had done his homework.
However, Luo Zheng came from the Lower Realm, and Yun Luo was the only person he knew in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace. He wouldn't ask Yun Luo about everything he didn't know, so he didn't know what the Torch Flame inheritance was for.
Two hours later, the people of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace finally entered Changsu Island.
After another hour of walking along Changsu Island, a huge rock appeared in front of everyone's eyes!
The huge rock was more than ten thousand feet high and tens of thousands of feet wide. Someone had carved a poem on the surface of the rock!
The strokes of this poem were as sharp as knives, and it seemed to contain a kind of magical power. With just a glance, many cultivators revealed uncomfortable expressions. It was as if these strokes contained a sword that could cut their hearts at any time.
However, when they saw that the people around them were suppressing this uncomfortable feeling and trying to keep calm, the other warriors also suppressed their discomfort. As warriors, they were not willing to fall behind others. If others could bear it, they could also bear it. Otherwise, they would lose face.
However, at this moment, Ai Anxin smiled and turned to Luo Zheng, asking, "How do you feel?"
Luo Zheng looked at the big words and said indifferently, "A little uncomfortable."
Ai Anxin curled her lips, "You are honest. Look at those guys in front of us. They are all uncomfortable, but they have to pretend as if nothing happened. They are willing to suffer because of their pride!"
Her voice was not soft, and many warriors in front of her heard it. Naturally, they were enraged. Ai Anxin had hit the nail on the head. The brush strokes on the boulder were indeed a form of torture for many warriors.
"This poem was carved by a Celestial Master with a sword. The Sword Essence contained in it can point directly to one's heart. His Sword Essence can be said to be perfect, without any flaws!" Ai Anxin felt the anger of the warriors in front of her, but did not care at all. She continued to explain to Luo Zheng as if nothing had happened.
＝＝＝＝＝