Upon hearing Ai Anxin's words, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. "No more flaws?"
Although Luo Zheng had comprehended the Perfect Sword Intent and even created his own Formless Sword Intent, he couldn't guarantee that his Sword Intent was flawless.
However, Formless Sword Intent didn't have any fixed moves. It was very difficult to break through the moves.
Although it was difficult, it didn't mean that others couldn't break it. However, Luo Zheng hadn't met anyone who could break his Formless Sword Intent!
"Of course. How could the Sword Intent of the owner of the Massacre Sword Mountain have any flaws?" Ai Anxin said with a matter-of-fact expression.
"The owner of the Massacre Sword Mountain?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a sharp light.
Ai Anxin curled her lips. This Luo Zheng really came from the Lower Realm and didn't seem to know anything …
At this time, a cold voice floated into Luo Zheng's mind. It was Xun. "It's Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword. Among the many Heavenly Venerables in the universe, Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword is an extremely powerful Heavenly Venerable. His sword is inserted at the top of the Massacre Sword Mountain. It's in the highest position! If you have any questions, ask me directly. Don't ask this woman! "
Xun didn't like this woman from the bottom of her heart …
However, Xun didn't know much about the affairs of the Human Race. For example, the broken Orange Sea Realm and the Torch Flame Inheritance. After all, these were internal affairs of the Alliance.
However, how could she not know about Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword and the Massacre Sword Mountain?
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, but his eyes were still fixed on the poem on the huge rock!
Every word on the poem was dozens of feet wide and tall. The closer one got to the words, the more one could feel the sharp Sword Intent in the words!
The warriors in front had already turned their heads away, unwilling to look directly at the words.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze became more and more serious!
Under Luo Zheng's gaze, the words seemed to come alive, and a Sword Will shot toward Luo Zheng!
The shadow of the Sword Intent was very faint. Luo Zheng stared at it for a long time, but he could only see a shadow.
Luo Zheng didn't try to defend himself. Instead, he allowed the sword intent to shoot towards him. The moment the sword intent shot into his body, he felt very uncomfortable. It was as if someone had really stabbed him with a sword. It was a little uncomfortable.
So that was the reason why everyone felt uncomfortable when they saw these words. It was because of these invisible sword intents.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed with a bright light!
Could this formless sword intent be used to refine his sword intent?
Although he had this conjecture, Luo Zheng was still uncertain … Even if he was uncertain, Luo Zheng would still test it!
Yun Luo, who was in front of them, was about to lead them around the boulder. At the same time, she turned her head and told everyone, "Our destination is behind this boulder." After saying that, she saw Luo Zheng stop.
Ai Anxin also looked at Luo Zheng curiously and asked, "Hey, what are you doing? Are you stupid? "
Yun Luo also circled over. Although she did not care much about Luo Zheng, the inheritance of the Torch Flame was very important. She did not know what Luo Zheng was doing here.
"What's wrong? Luo Zheng? "Yun Luo followed Luo Zheng's gaze and asked," Is there a problem with these words? "
Luo Zheng said, "I want to try …"
"Try what?" Yun Luo asked curiously.
Ai Anxin was also curious and looked at Luo Zheng strangely.
At this time, Luo Zheng had already taken out the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. Holding the long sword, he pointed at the words and said, "I see some faint Sword Intent. I want to try and see if I can use these Sword Intents to refine my Sword Intent."
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, Yun Luo and Ai Anxin's eyes suddenly widened.
"Impossible! Is the legend true? "Ai Anxin cried out softly.
Yun Luo also looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. To be honest, when she brought Luo Zheng to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, Yun Luo once told herself that anything could happen to this kid and that there was no need to be too surprised! However, she did not expect that Luo Zheng had only been in the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace for such a short time. She already found it hard to accept …
Because of their overreaction, Luo Zheng's face showed a strange expression. Because his mind was not focused enough, the faint Sword Intent shadows disappeared. It seemed that he could only see these Sword Intents if he concentrated very hard!
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Yun Luo did not answer Luo Zheng's question. Instead, she continued to ask, "Can you really see those Sword Intents? What do they look like? "
Ai Anxin also stared at Luo Zheng. She did not speak. Yun Luo had already asked the question she wanted to ask.
"They're pale white swords …" Luo Zheng described. "They're about two feet long. They're quite short."
The Thunder Wind Divine Sword in Luo Zheng's hand was five feet long. It was almost twice the length of those white sword shadows.
Yun Luo nodded and exhaled. "It is indeed the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable's two-foot Bright God Sword. Bright God Sword … two and a half feet long, white. It is said to be the Sword Heavenly Venerable that can play chess with God …"
Ai Anxin curled her lips. She believed Luo Zheng's words more than Yun Luo. Yun Luo had just asked Luo Zheng because she was somewhat suspicious. However, Ai Anxin had just come here. She already knew that Luo Zheng knew nothing about the Orange Sea Realm. He did not even know who the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable was, so it was even more impossible for him to know about that legend.
Naturally, it was impossible for him to make up a story to fool them …
Seeing Yun Luo's stunned expression, Luo Zheng asked, "What's wrong with you two?"
"Although this matter occurred within the Human Race, that legend is still very famous." At this time, Xun told Luo Zheng.
This Heavenly Venerable was named Bright Sword because his sword technique was said to be able to play chess with True Gods!
However, the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable did not have a successor. His Bright Sword Technique also disappeared with him …
Legend had it that the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable had carved his sword technique into a poem. This poem should be the words on the boulder in front of them.
If he could see his sword intent in this poem, then he would be able to comprehend his Graceful Sword Technique, which could be considered as inheriting his legacy …
This legend had once been very famous.
Countless swordsmen had spent all their savings, and some had even become poor and destitute, just to read this poem and comprehend the Bright Sword Heavenly Venerable's lifelong secret skill. That was a sword technique that could play chess with True Gods. It was the master of Slaughter Sword Mountain's lifetime secret skill. It was a sword technique that could play chess with True Gods!
It was enough to drive all swordsmen crazy.
Xun spoke the first half of the poem in Luo Zheng's mind. As for the rest, it was Yun Luo who spoke. Yun Luo pointed at the island below them.
Below this boulder was a desert. "Look at the numerous small pits in the desert."
Luo Zheng looked in the direction Yun Luo was pointing at. Only then did he notice that below them was a desert. But, this desert was covered with numerous small pits. Just looking at them would cause one's scalp to tingle. There were probably millions of these small pits …
"What is this?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"Those are the swordsmen that sat in front of this boulder, meditating and comprehending …"
In this world, there was never a lack of martial artists with great perseverance. In order to comprehend an Empyrean's secret skill, what did it matter how hard they worked?
Some Life and Death realm and Divine Sea realm martial artists had spent their entire lives in front of this boulder. For thousands of years, tens of thousands of years, they would meditate, meditate, and comprehend, hoping that one day they would be able to see through the mysteries of this poem.
Thousands of years, tens of thousands of years of sitting here would cause the ground to sink, creating countless small pits.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air. He asked with concern, "Did anyone … succeed?"
Yun Luo faintly smiled, shook her head, and replied, "No, not a single one."
"This … if they spent their entire life here and still couldn't succeed, wouldn't it be too much of a loss for them?" Luo Zheng sighed.
Yun Luo faintly smiled, and said, "They are like gamblers. The more they lose, the more persistent they become. In the end, they can't leave, so they spend their entire life on the gambling table. If they succeed, they will cultivate the sword art. If they fail, they will accept it. At least they have paid the price!"
"Worthy of admiration," Luo Zheng sighed.
Ai Anxin curled her lips, "Not everyone will accept it. There are still some who feel it is unfair. I heard that many people cursed Empyrean Empyrean after Empyrean Decay! It is said that he also carved some words, but I don't know where … "