Looking in the direction that Yun Luo was pointing, Luo Zheng and Ai Anxin saw some densely packed words.
These words were of varying sizes. The larger ones were as tall as a person while the smaller ones were only the size of a palm …
"I burned my lifespan and gave up my bright future. In the end, I gained nothing. I will tell the world that this is nothing but a scam set up by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword!"
"Liar! Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword is a big liar. Unfortunately, he wasted ten thousand years of my lifespan and entered the Five Decay of Heaven! If I can reincarnate in the future and have the fortune to come here again, I will break this stone … "
"Hey, latecomers, don't dream. You should peacefully cultivate your own martial arts. Wanting to comprehend Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's sword intent from these words is nothing more than the ravings of an idiot! Life is short, wasting time here is really sad and lamentable. "
These densely packed words were filled with pessimism and advice for latecomers to give up on their futile observation.
Seeing these words, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. He could understand the feelings of these people. They had thrown away so much of their lifespan here only to gain nothing in the end. When their lifespan was nearing its end, it was inevitable that they would feel resentment. If it were Luo Zheng, he would also find it hard to accept.
"Why is there no one observing now?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
From the potholes on the ground, Luo Zheng could imagine that many martial artists had once come here to observe. But now, not a single one could be seen.
"Ever since this Orange Sea Realm became the Eternal Flame Inheritance of the Alliance, ordinary martial artists have been unable to enter. Moreover, for millions of years, no one has been able to comprehend the mysteries within. Many martial artists have begun to doubt the words on these boulders … but occasionally, there will still be martial artists who come here to comprehend them." As Yun Luo spoke, she looked around and shook her head, "I haven't seen any today."
Ai Anxin stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, are you sure you saw that white sword shadow?"
Although Yun Luo and Ai An both believed that Luo Zheng was not lying, they still could not believe that Luo Zheng could see the white sword shadow …
After all, in the past several million years, it had attracted countless warriors to comprehend it, but no one had been able to comprehend it. Luo Zheng had just arrived here, and he saw the white sword shadow. It was really incredible!
The other vice palace masters of Misty Cloud Palace led the other geniuses to wait on the side of the giant rock, avoiding the sharp light of the words.
"What is the Palace Lord doing?"
"It seems like that brat said that he saw through the mystery of this huge rock!"
"This is simply impossible. Empyrean Bright Sword's poem should have already become a joke in the universe, a complete scam!"
"You seem very excited?"
"Nonsense! One of my uncles originally had a high chance of entering the Ultimate Divine Realm. Back then, he spent all his time here, watching him enter the Five Decays of Heaven and Man, and watch him die … "
When Vice Palace Master Xu Can saw this scene, his face was full of disdain as he smiled and said, "Hmph, this kid is most likely bragging that he has seen something. However, this kind of thing is too common on Changsu Island. He obviously didn't see anything, yet he still wants to deceive others. This kind of person is a scourge. Back then, many people swore that they had seen the Heaven and Earth Chessboard, the Snake Shadow, and the 10,000 Swords Formation!"
Xu Can's words weren't without reason. Trying to comprehend the mysteries of this giant rock had almost evolved into a real scam in the end. Some swindlers would fabricate strange and bizarre things and tell other martial artists that they could see them. In this way, they would be able to swindle a lot of martial artists out of their possessions …
In short, there were too many disputes around this huge rock, and it was difficult to describe all of them.
"Let's go! They can't wait any longer. There's no need to wait for the Palace Lord. Let's go first! " Xu Can said coldly. He had brought his people to participate in the Torch Inheritance, not to accompany Yun Luo to observe the huge rock.
The other warriors also left one after another …
In their opinion, Luo Zheng wanted to solve a puzzle that even tens of thousands of people could not solve. It was undoubtedly a fool's dream.
Ai Anxin asked Luo Zheng. After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng shook his head cautiously. "I'm not sure …" He did see the faint white sword shadows, and he also saw those sword shadows piercing his body, which produced a kind of "heart-piercing" feeling!
But Luo Zheng could not conclude that this was the mystery left behind by Heavenly Master Bright Sword. In addition, Yun Luo and Ai Anxin had exaggerated it. So many people had not been able to comprehend it, so how could Luo Zheng understand it? Even if Luo Zheng was confident in his own luck, he could not be sure.
Ai Anxin curled her lips, and a trace of disappointment appeared on her face. She had really believed Luo Zheng just now, so she looked at the team on the side of the huge rock and said, "Then let's not waste time here. Let's go first!"
Yun Luo stared at Luo Zheng suspiciously, not knowing what she was thinking. Then she nodded. "Let's go first. The other warriors of the Twelve Palaces should have already arrived."
"Can I stay here for a while?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yun Luo smiled. In fact, she had already guessed that Luo Zheng must have seen something, so she nodded. "After the Torch Inheritance begins, I will inform you." After saying this, she rushed to the back of the huge rock with Ai Anxin.
After they had all left, Luo Zheng's figure quietly descended.
The ground was a hard desert. Luo Zheng could not imagine the amount of time it would take to create so many small pits by meditating. In any case, it was not something that could be done in a few decades.
He casually found a place to sit down and looked at the big words on the huge rock again. Just now, when he was concentrating, he could see the white sword shadows. However, as long as he was distracted, the sword shadows would disappear from his sight.
"Can I see them just by staring?"
Luo Zheng's eyes were fixed on the big words, and his expression became more and more focused.
However, after staring for a long time, Luo Zheng did not see the white sword shadows again. However, he could feel the "piercing" feeling, which meant that the sword shadows were still there. It was just that he could not see them.
Was his mind not focused enough?
Perhaps because he heard Yun Luo and Ai Anxin exaggerate, Luo Zheng's state of mind was slightly impetuous.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng silently chanted the word "calm" in his heart. After dozens of times, his breathing gradually became even, and his whole person was immersed in a quiet state.
After dozens of breaths of time, a very faint thing seemed to come out from the big words!
This was indeed the shadow of a sword …
Although the shadow was faint and inaudible, Luo Zheng was very sure that he had seen the sword shadows again.
Just when Luo Zheng planned to concentrate even more, hoping to see more clearly, an ear-piercing laughter suddenly came from the side. "Haha, another friend has come! These days, young people who are interested in the mysteries of the Heavenly Sovereign Bright Sword are really rare! "
Along with the ear-piercing laughter, the white sword shadow that Luo Zheng had been struggling to see suddenly disappeared. He furrowed his brows.
He was so focused on comprehending that he hated being disturbed the most!
The most taboo thing between martial artists was to disturb others when they were cultivating. That was why there was the saying of closed-door cultivation.
After all, when one's cultivation reached a critical juncture, even a light cough could cause one's cultivation to go berserk, causing irreversible consequences …
Luo Zheng looked up with a gloomy face and saw a middle-aged man in ragged clothes. This middle-aged man was slightly fat and his whole body was pitch-black. It was unknown how many years he had not bathed. As for the beard on his face, it was also unknown how many years he had not taken care of it. It was scattered all over his face, making him look quite sloppy.
This middle-aged fat man was very excited when he saw Luo Zheng. He hurriedly called out, "Old Chen, Old Chen, another person has joined us! Come quickly! "
"Whoosh!"
On the other side, another person shot over. That person was thin and weak, but like this middle-aged fat man, his clothes were ragged and he looked like a beggar …
"These two people's cultivations are not low!" Luo Zheng frowned and sized them up. These two should be peak Divine Realm experts.
The martial artist called Old Chen flew over and sized up Luo Zheng with a smile. He then said, "Little brother, you also want to comprehend the mysteries of this huge rock?"
Luo Zheng nodded. He was indeed a little interested, so he temporarily stayed here. However, when Luo Zheng saw the appearance of these two people, he asked, "How long have you been comprehending here?"