Luo Zheng had heard from Yun Luo that many people had come here to observe and comprehend for tens of thousands of years.
But when he heard that Old Xu had actually observed for 20,000 years, he couldn't help but sigh.
The scenery on Changsu Island wasn't bad, but to stay in this environment for 20,000 years while facing this barren boulder, one could imagine how boring it was!
Luo Zheng turned to look at Old Chen and asked, "What about you?"
Old Chen chuckled and stretched out a finger. "60,000 years …"
60,000 years …
Luo Zheng took a deep breath.
Luo Zheng had only lived for about 20 years since he was born, but this person had stayed here for 60,000 years just to observe and comprehend the mysteries left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword?
Old Chen seemed to be used to other people's surprised expressions. He chuckled and said, "60,000 years is nothing. There was an old guy who lived for 130,000 years, but … he went back after entering the Five Decay of Heaven and Man. He should have died by now …"
These two people didn't have any bad intentions and were even very enthusiastic about Luo Zheng. After chatting for a while, they realized that Luo Zheng had come to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance.
"Since you were able to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance, you must be a martial artist who is highly valued by the Alliance. You still have a long way to go, so I suggest that you don't try to comprehend it. This stone has a kind of fascinating magic. Once you fall in, it's hard to extricate yourself. I'm afraid that once you're truly captivated, you'll waste your time like us." Old Chen actually warned Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Since you know you've wasted your time, why don't you leave?"
As soon as he asked this question, Old Xu revealed a bitter smile. "Hahaha, we've spent so many years here, and now you want us to leave? Wouldn't all our previous efforts be wasted? "
"Actually, we also understand that it's impossible for us to obtain anything in this lifetime, but so what if we leave? We can't take another step forward, so we might as well persevere. If we die, we die here. "Old Chen smiled helplessly.
Previously, Luo Zheng still couldn't figure it out. Since these guys couldn't comprehend it, they could just give up. But now, he somewhat understood the mentality of these martial artists …
On the path of martial arts, "perseverance" was the most important thing. Warriors who could persevere were all people with great perseverance. Their achievements would certainly not be low. For example, these two were Ultimate God Realm warriors. In fact, in any Holy Land in the Upper Realm, they would be like fish in water. In a small place, they would be powerful characters who could call the wind and summon the rain.
The willpower of these two people was definitely not weak.
However, this "perseverance" also required him to find the right direction. If he persevered in the wrong direction, he would be further and further away from his goal …
They already knew that they were wrong, but they had persisted for too long. They had walked too far down this wrong path, and there was no turning back.
Luo Zheng nodded with a smile. "I understand. I was just passing by and got curious, so I wanted to give it a try!"
"That's great!" Old Xu nodded. Then, with a flip of his body, he sat down in a large pit. The entire pit had sunk ten feet deep, and the walls of the pit had been rubbed until they were extremely smooth. It was like a mirror, perfectly fitting Old Xu's entire body into it!
This big pit was the result of Old Xu's 20,000 years of "meditation"!
Old Chen's figure flashed, and he sat down in another depression. He stared at the huge rock with his eyes wide open, as if he was fighting with someone else. In an instant, the two of them had entered a meditative state!
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and raised his head to look at the huge rock again …
After dozens of breaths, in Luo Zheng's vision, faint white sword shadows appeared again!
As Luo Zheng became more and more focused, the shapes of these sword shadows became more and more real!
At first, they were just white sword shadows, and the swords were not very clear. But after the time it took to burn three sticks of incense, those sword shadows had become like real swords.
As these sword shadows became more and more real, when they pierced Luo Zheng's body, the feeling of "heart piercing" became more and more clear, and it made Luo Zheng's heart more and more painful!
This was just an illusion. His body was not injured! Luo Zheng warned himself.
But this warning seemed to be of no use. The pain seemed to be real. Later, every time Luo Zheng's body was pierced, his heart would twitch, as if a sword was really piercing him. It was just that he was not injured or bleeding.
"No …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. He could not let these white sword shadows bring him pain!
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng turned over, and took out his Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword. Facing the white sword shadows flying towards him, Luo Zheng suddenly slashed out!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's sword intent came from the Thunder Wind Dark Divine Sword!
At this moment, a strange scene appeared. The white sword shadow directly swallowed Luo Zheng's sword intent!
After swallowing Luo Zheng's sword intent, the white sword shadow continued to rush towards Luo Zheng. Unable to dodge, it entered Luo Zheng's body!
"Pu!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body emitted a muffled sound. Immediately after, Luo Zheng felt a sweet taste in his throat, and he spat out a mouthful of blood.
This time, Luo Zheng was really injured!
Although Old Chen and Old Xu had already entered a meditative state, when they saw Luo Zheng's actions, strange expressions flickered on their faces ….
In front of this huge rock, many things had happened that made people not know whether to laugh or cry.
Some people swore that they saw the soul of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword, and even pretended to kneel down to acknowledge him as their master, and talked to him while facing the air. Some people said that they were surrounded by a sword array, and as long as they could break this sword array, they would be able to comprehend Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's sword technique …
In any case, all sorts of melodramatic things had happened before.
It could be said that Luo Zheng's crazed actions were the most common, as he constantly brandished his sword towards the words on the huge rock!
Many people used their own sword techniques in front of this huge rock, as if they wanted to use their own sword techniques to break through Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's mysteries. But in the end, this was nothing more than wishful thinking.
However, what Old Chen and Old Xu were curious about was that Luo Zheng had been injured? How had he been injured?
The reflection of the brush strokes on the poem on the boulder was indeed very uncomfortable, but it was only uncomfortable. Those who were not used to it would even feel uneasy when facing those words, but after getting used to it, like Old Xu and Old Chen, they did not feel anything at all.
How could it possibly injure someone?
But Luo Zheng vomiting blood was a matter that was set in stone …
"This boy, what kind of trick is he playing?"
"He might be deliberately injuring himself, but what's the point of playing this trick in front of us?"
The two of them quietly used true essence sound transmissions to converse. What had they not encountered in this place? They could be considered shrewd people amongst shrewd people. With a casual inference, they felt that Luo Zheng was putting on a show for them, and that the blood was deliberately shaken out by Luo Zheng himself.
However, the two of them couldn't figure it out. Luo Zheng had no reason to put on a show in front of them. The two of them had spent their entire lives here, and they had no value to speak of. Although Luo Zheng's cultivation wasn't high, he still had the qualifications to participate in the Eternal Flame Inheritance. He was a seed of the Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance, and his future prospects were limitless. There was no reason for him to deceive them.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what the two of them were thinking, but his face revealed an unconvinced expression!
He had just released his sword intent, but it had been directly swallowed by the white sword shadow. Moreover, when it struck back, it had actually injured him. This was equal to Luo Zheng injuring himself with his own sword intent!
"Again!"
"Whoosh …"
This time, Luo Zheng didn't slash out with his sword intent. Instead, he wrapped his sword intent around the Thunder Wind Ghost Divine Sword. When the white sword shadow approached, he blocked it with his sword!
The two swords collided. The white sword shadow was an illusory object, and there was no sound from the collision. But this time, Luo Zheng's sword directly deflected the white sword shadow to one side. However, the white sword shadow circled around and shot into Luo Zheng's body again!
"I can't block it. It seems useless." Luo Zheng frowned and thought. It seemed that even if he saw the white sword shadow, he couldn't do anything about it!
But this time, Luo Zheng wasn't injured.
＝＝＝＝＝