So many people, so many years, yet none of them were able to comprehend the mysteries within.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't think that he would be able to comprehend anything in such a short period of time.
The reason he stayed here was purely because he was curious about those white sword shadows …
These sword shadows should have been left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword. When he carved this poem, he imbued his comprehension of the Dao of the Sword into these large characters!
Therefore, these large characters, from sunset to sunrise, ten thousand years, a hundred thousand years, a million years, had been constantly releasing those white sword shadows outside …
However, from the looks of it, while others were unable to see these sword shadows, Luo Zheng was able to see them when he concentrated.
Through his own sword intent, Luo Zheng was able to resist these white sword shadows. However, after Luo Zheng blocked the sword, the white sword shadow changed direction and continued to stab towards Luo Zheng!
Couldn't block it?
A trace of stubbornness appeared on Luo Zheng's face!
Again!
He still didn't release his sword intent. If he released his sword intent and it was swallowed by the white sword shadow, it would cause him to be injured!
Facing the white sword shadow flying towards him, Luo Zheng was especially serious this time!
His five foot long sword floated over and lightly blocked the white sword shadow. In the instant it bounced off, the white sword shadow spun a few times in the air and once again shot towards Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng was already prepared. The Thundergale Dark Divine Sword gently twisted, and with a light push, it once again bounced off the white sword shadow …
Once, twice, thrice, thrice …
The Thundergale Dark Divine Sword in Luo Zheng's hand danced with a blue sword flower, and the white sword shadow was bounced off time and time again!
In a breath's time, Luo Zheng directly bounced off the sword flower seven times!
After bouncing off seven times in a row, the white sword shadow loudly shattered!
"Shattered?"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised.
After the white sword shadow shattered, it turned into faint light spots and once again shot towards Luo Zheng's body!
"Is this a sword spirit?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Inside Luo Zheng's body, Xun asked, "What sword spirit? Why can't I see it? "
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm not sure either …"
Whether it was the white sword shadow or the white light spot, it seemed that only he could see them. Xun couldn't see them, and neither could the two Ultimate God Realm warriors behind him.
And this white dot of light didn't seem to be a sword spirit …
However, just as Luo Zheng was pondering, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.
The characters on the boulder had been releasing thousands of white sword shadows in all directions, and one of them was aimed at Luo Zheng.
However, when Luo Zheng shattered the first white sword shadow, all the other sword shadows disappeared...
Luo Zheng looked at the several dozen words left behind by Empyrean Bright Sword in a daze. He didn't know why, but he had an ominous feeling in his heart.
This feeling was also felt by Old Xu and Old Chen …
Of course, their feelings were different from Luo Zheng's. Because at this time, the two of them suddenly discovered that the "piercing heart" feeling that had always existed had actually disappeared.
Old Chen had meditated here for 60,000 years, and Old Xu had meditated here for 20,000 years!
In such a long period of time, the world of mortals had probably changed dynasties hundreds of times already …
However, this "piercing heart" feeling had never disappeared. It had lasted for a day, two hours, an incense stick's worth of time, and even a breath's worth of time! As long as one stood here, they could feel the fierceness of those large characters, and their hearts would constantly feel a stabbing pain!
Old Chen and Old Xu looked at each other in dismay.
The two of them had already gotten used to this feeling and didn't feel any discomfort. However, after it suddenly disappeared, they actually felt unaccustomed.
More importantly, this feeling had suddenly disappeared. This was too strange. Could it be that the characters left behind by Empyrean Bright Sword had already lost their imposing manner?
"What's going on! That's impossible … "
"Could it be that brat?"
"Impossible, impossible …"
"But that feeling has really disappeared." The two of them revealed disbelief in their eyes.
This Luo Zheng was pretending to be mysterious and performing sword dances here. In the eyes of the two of them, it was just a little baffling. The two of them had the mentality of watching a play, wanting to see how long Luo Zheng would keep up this act.
However, this kind of situation just had to happen at this time. The two of them couldn't help but associate this situation with Luo Zheng.
And at this time, the two of them saw Luo Zheng suddenly turn around, and then madly run away at an extremely fast speed. The speed at which he flew away caused the two Divine Realm experts to raise their eyebrows …
"What's this guy doing?"
"I don't know …"
Luo Zheng had no choice but to run.
After the large characters on the huge rock stopped for a while, countless white sword shadows suddenly shot out, and all of the white sword shadows shot towards one direction — the direction where Luo Zheng was!
Did he provoke a hornet's nest? Didn't he just shatter one of your white sword shadows? Did he have to go so far?
Luo Zheng's face revealed a trace of helplessness. He also didn't know what was going on, but every time a white sword shadow pierced his body, he would feel a piercing pain in his heart. With so many white sword shadows shooting towards him at the same time, wouldn't he die of heartache?
Of course, he wouldn't stupidly stand there …
Seeing that the white sword shadows were like a swarm of hornets, Luo Zheng could only turn around and run.
"Swoosh …"
Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, but the white sword shadows were even faster.
He only ran a few hundred feet before his entire body was submerged by the white sword shadows …
Then, Luo Zheng felt a stabbing pain in his heart, and then he felt as if his heart was about to explode. He no longer had the strength to escape, and let the white sword shadows shoot into his body.
Luo Zheng's eyes rolled back, and he directly fainted, falling down from the sky.
But the moment he was about to hit the ground, Xun shot out from Luo Zheng's body, held Luo Zheng in her arms, and stood gracefully on the ground.
With the strength of Luo Zheng's body, he wouldn't be injured even if he fell from this height, but Xun still took action.
Xun then put Luo Zheng on the ground, stretched out her finger, looked at it, and murmured, "Just now, it seems that this Sword Spirit Body has become more powerful?"
This Sword Spirit belonged to Luo Zheng, and Xun's soul was just attached to it.
However, Luo Zheng gave full control to Xun, so this Sword Spirit Body could be regarded as Xun's temporary shell!
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to his Sword Spirit, but Xun clearly felt that the Sword Spirit Body seemed to have strengthened a lot just now.
With the strength of Xun's soul now, she didn't need to attach herself to the Sword Spirit Body. But since her soul was released, it had been hiding there, so she was used to it.
She was also very curious. How did Luo Zheng strengthen this Sword Spirit? What happened to him when he was wielding his sword in the air just now?
Luo Zheng didn't faint for long. This kind of pain was actually a kind of illusory pain, and it didn't really exist, so it wouldn't bring any harm to Luo Zheng …
"Xun?" He slowly woke up, and saw Xun standing next to him.
Xun stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Just now, you seemed to have honed your Sword Spirit again?"
Luo Zheng touched his head, and said with a puzzled face, "I'm not sure." Thinking of the huge amount of white sword shadows, Luo Zheng still had a lingering fear!
"I've become more powerful!" Xun said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
In fact, the Sword Spirit Body had only strengthened a little, and it didn't match Xun's soul at all. Rather than saying that she had become more powerful, it should be Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit that had become more powerful.
"Ah …" Only then did Luo Zheng feel something strange.
He felt that the Sword Spirit's aura seemed to have become sharper. That aura didn't come from Xun's soul, but from the Sword Spirit itself.
"That's true." Luo Zheng was slightly happy. "It seems that I can use those white sword shadows to hone my Sword Spirit!"
Luo Zheng's Sword Spirit had indeed reached perfection, but perfection wasn't the limit. When Luo Zheng entered the Killing Sword Mountain, he just stuck his sword in the mountainside.
It was indeed a good thing to be able to hone his Sword Spirit again. But thinking of that swarm of white sword shadows like hornets, Luo Zheng's mouth was full of bitterness.