Luo Zheng didn't believe that he could unravel the mystery that Empyrean Bright Sword had left behind here.
But if he could use these white sword shadows to increase the strength of the Sword Spirit, that was enough.
Those white sword shadows truly caused Luo Zheng great pain. Every time a white sword shadow shuttled back and forth, he would feel as if his heart was being pierced.
And when thousands upon thousands of white sword shadows shuttled back and forth, he felt as if his heart was about to explode!
However, this sort of pain paled in comparison to the pain that Luo Zheng had experienced when he replaced the primal chaos energy … Luo Zheng had forcefully endured the pain of replacing the true essence in his dantian. Of course, he could also endure the pain in front of him!
But when Luo Zheng returned to the front of the boulder, the two Ultimate Divine realm martial artists glared at Luo Zheng!
These two martial artists were originally very kind, but now they revealed ferocious expressions, as if they were wild beasts that had gone berserk!
"You, you … what did you just do!?" Old Chen asked with a trembling voice.
"How did you do it? How did you make those words … that feeling disappear! "Old Xu also asked.
No matter how much they didn't believe it, this matter had happened right in front of their eyes …
They had meditated here for tens of thousands of years and had dreamed countless times that they could have some sort of inconceivable reaction with the words on the boulder. But in the end, the miracle didn't favor them.
This boulder and those words had experienced countless years of wind and rain, sun and dew, but they still persisted here, still emitting a sharp aura, without any change.
Not long after Luo Zheng had arrived here, a strange change had occurred. How could they remain calm?
In truth, because these two martial artists had been meditating for a long time, they had already lost the edge of a martial artist. Their strength was also inferior to an ordinary Ultimate Divine realm martial artist. Their moods were also relatively calm, but at this time, they couldn't control their emotions!
After all, Empyrean Bright Sword was an Empyrean that could play chess with a god! The sword skill he left behind was also a sword skill that could play chess with a god. As long as they could comprehend it, they would be able to earn back everything they had invested in it. Their life's work would be worth it. In this sort of situation, who could control their own emotions?
Seeing them so excited, Luo Zheng's face was filled with surprise. "I didn't do anything!"
"Impossible! You better tell us the truth! "
"Do you think we're three years old? Do you think you can fool me so easily? "
Previously, they didn't believe that Luo Zheng could comprehend anything, so they just watched indifferently from the side.
This time, their faces were filled with murderous intent …
In fact, Luo Zheng could understand their feelings. These people had spent their entire lives here. It was as if they were guarding a huge treasure trove, but they couldn't enter it. They had been guarding it for tens of thousands of years.
After coming here, he had indeed caused some sort of phenomenon. Although he might not have solved the mysteries left behind by Heavenly Exalt Bright Sword, he had still let them see a sliver of hope.
It would be strange if they didn't go crazy!
Luo Zheng was not worried. Yun Luo was not far from here. These two people were basically courting death if they attacked him. Moreover, although the two of them were ferocious, they could not control their emotions. Luo Zheng did not feel any killing intent from them.
At this moment, Luo Zheng faintly felt pity for them …
"I really didn't do anything. I just saw some faint sword shadows. After I shattered the sword shadows, it became like this." Luo Zheng shrugged. He had no need to hide it. Moreover, he had told Yun Luo and Ai Anxin before.
It was just that no one believed him.
"Sword shadows!"
"What did the sword shadows look like …"
Luo Zheng casually made a few gestures and explained. At this moment, he felt the "piercing" feeling again. He smiled faintly. "Those sword shadows appeared again."
If Luo Zheng could feel it, so could the two of them. It seemed that the words on the boulder had returned to normal.
"So that feeling all these years was caused by the sword shadows?"
"Why can't I see it? Why can't I see it …"
The two of them murmured with a dazed expression on their faces.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He could not be bothered to pay attention to these two lunatics. Even if they saw the sword shadows, it was not a big deal. There were many ways to sharpen the sword intent. Why would these two be bothered by this?
As the two of them murmured, their eyes widened, as if they also wanted to see the sword shadows.
Luo Zheng raised the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword again. Seeing a white sword shadow flying towards him, his sword intent once again circled around the sword and he slashed seven times in a row!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After seven slashes, the white sword shadow shattered without any suspense!
Therefore, all the white sword shadows once again rushed towards Luo Zheng!
This time, Luo Zheng did not choose to retreat. In any case, he could not outrun these white sword shadows. Since he wanted to sharpen himself, he would do it thoroughly!
He held the long sword straight in front of him and pressed two fingers on the sword with his other hand. His eyes were full of seriousness!
The white sword shadows were like a tide, rushing towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Luo Zheng once again attacked with his sword.
This was not a battle, but a tempering of the sword intent. Luo Zheng did not display the power of law within the Thunder and Wind Ghost Sword. He just crazily urged the sword intent and waved the sword in his hand. His feet were firmly planted on the ground, not moving a single step.
If a mortal saw Luo Zheng, that mortal would not be able to see Luo Zheng's right hand or the sword in Luo Zheng's hand. They would only see the flickering sleeves and the blue sword flowers …
The speed at which he waved his sword had already exceeded the limits of the eye.
"Whoosh —"
As he brandished the sword at high speed, gusts of wind swept out from his sleeves, and the white sword shadows that were rushing towards Luo Zheng were continuously blocked by the Thunder and Wind Dark Divine Sword that was wrapped in sword intent. The white sword shadows that were blocked circled around before flying back towards Luo Zheng.
After repeating this seven times, they shattered with a loud bang …
Therefore, this time, the white sword shadows shattered one after another, and the white specks of light quickly rushed into Luo Zheng's body and fused with Luo Zheng's sword spirit.
There were too many white sword shadows, and the speed at which Luo Zheng waved his sword had already reached a limit.
At present, Luo Zheng was like a giant standing in a valley, resisting the torrent by himself. At first, he was able to block the torrent formed by the white sword shadows, but after a few breaths, he was unable to block the torrent. The torrent once again submerged Luo Zheng.
"My heart … is going to explode!"
Very helpless, Luo Zheng's eyes rolled back and he fainted again. This was what he thought before he fainted.
After Luo Zheng fainted, Xun once again left Luo Zheng's body and coldly stared at the two people in front of her. While Luo Zheng fainted, she silently protected Luo Zheng.
With Xun's current strength of the Silver Soul Stage, even if she was only left with her soul, she could still fight against these two warriors of the Divine Realm. However, if these two did not harm Luo Zheng, she would not take the initiative to attack.
Old Chen and Old Xu stared blankly at Luo Zheng, who had fainted.
No matter what, they were certain that Luo Zheng must have discovered some mysteries, but they could not see these mysteries.
Although these two were on the verge of losing their minds, they still knew the identity of the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces.
Ever since Changsu Island was designated as the territory of the Thirteen Palaces for the Torch Flame Inheritance, it was not easy to enter and observe the huge rock. Even the two of them had to spend a lot of effort to not be chased away after bribing everyone …
Now that the people of the Thirteen Palaces had come to Changsu Island, if they really dared to touch Luo Zheng, they would be courting death.
The two of them also had some other ideas. Perhaps, when Luo Zheng comprehended the mysteries of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword, they could also get a share of the profits?
Therefore, although they were excited, they forcibly suppressed some of the impulses in their hearts, such as kidnapping Luo Zheng and forcing him to reveal the truth …
After a while, Luo Zheng woke up again.
At this time, he was becoming more and more courageous. At least, after resisting just now, the Sword Spirit had become stronger, and he found that it was not impossible for him to block these white sword shadows!
"Again!"
As Luo Zheng slashed out seven times in the air, he once again triggered the torrent of sword shadows and was drowned again …
This time, Luo Zheng lasted a little longer, at least six or seven breaths of time. Then, he once again experienced the feeling of his heart exploding before he fainted.
In this way, he was drowned by the hundred sword shadows again and again, and woke up again and again.
Xun's Sword Spirit Body began to become stronger at a visible speed. At the same time, Luo Zheng also felt that his Sword Essence was changing again.