Originally, Luo Zheng's Perfect Sword Essence was already close to perfection.
The cyclones of Sword Essence seemed to be extremely full. Luo Zheng had seen many Perfect Sword Essences during his travels. His Perfect Sword Essence was close to perfection, and there seemed to be no possibility for it to be improved.
But now, Luo Zheng found that his Perfect Sword Essence began to become extremely unstable!
Previously, Luo Zheng could easily release the Sword Essence with a single thought. However, the faint Sword Essence lingering on Luo Zheng's long sword was becoming fiercer and fiercer, but Luo Zheng found that it was very difficult for him to control it!
The cyclones formed by the Sword Essence were no longer full. Instead, they were like snakes, constantly jumping on Luo Zheng's long sword!
In other words, the Sword Essence didn't seem to be getting stronger. Instead, it became extreme!
"Why did the Sword Essence's characteristics become like this?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Using the white sword shadows to temper the Sword Essence did make the Sword Spirit stronger than ever, but it was difficult for Luo Zheng to control the Sword Essence.
For a moment, Luo Zheng hesitated whether he should continue or not …
Looking at the white sword shadows scattering around, Luo Zheng's face flashed with a touch of persistence again.
There were some things that one either didn't do, but once it was done, one must do one's best. Giving up halfway was not a habit for Luo Zheng. He wanted to see how far his Sword Essence would go if it continued to develop like this!
At the present stage, although Luo Zheng's Sword Essence was extremely unstable, he could still forcibly suppress it.
Moreover, as the Sword Essence became fiercer and fiercer, the speed of shattering the white sword shadows also increased a lot.
At the beginning, Luo Zheng needed seven strokes to shatter the white sword shadows. Now, Luo Zheng only needed four strokes.
Of course, when facing the torrent of white sword shadows, each stroke of his sword could sweep away hundreds of white sword shadows. Therefore, after four consecutive strokes, he was able to shatter hundreds of white sword shadows!
Unknowingly, he had already stayed in front of this huge rock for four hours.
Just as he was trying his best to kill the white sword shadows, Yun Luo's voice rang out.
"Luo Zheng, are you still trying to decipher the words on the boulder? The Torch Flame Inheritance is about to begin … "Yun Luo said faintly.
Luo Zheng thought for a while and said, "Can we wait?"
"I can, but after the Torch Flame inheritance begins, there will be a first round of assessment. You should hurry …"
The disciples of the Thirteen Palaces had to go through another assessment. If Luo Zheng was delayed, he might be ranked last. Moreover, after the assessment, the Origin Source Law stone inscriptions would be distributed. Luo Zheng being the last to pick would definitely have some influence.
Luo Zheng couldn't care less about that now!
The Lightning Wind Dark Divine Sword in his hand danced faster and faster, and the sword intent also became sharper and sharper.
"Sou!"
In a moment of carelessness, the sword intent lingering on the sword suddenly shot out. After shattering dozens of white sword shadows, it directly entered the desert nearby, leaving a small crack!
After losing the sword intent, Luo Zheng naturally couldn't resist the white sword shadows. Before he could condense a new sword intent, the white sword shadows once again drowned Luo Zheng …
After a short period of fainting, Luo Zheng turned over and stood up. This time, he became braver and braver as he continued …
After two hours, Luo Zheng only needed three strokes to shatter the white sword shadows!
After another two hours, Luo Zheng only needed two strokes to shatter the white sword shadows!
After six hours, Luo Zheng didn't faint again. No matter how many white sword shadows there were, they couldn't break through the sword flowers he formed. No matter how many came, Luo Zheng could shatter them all!
However, at this time, Luo Zheng was completely unable to control his sword intent. Although he tried his best to control the sword intent on the sword, every time he condensed a new sword intent, it wouldn't take more than three breaths of time for the sword intent to explode!
However, at this time, the white sword shadows were no longer able to devour his sword intent. If the white sword shadows were still able to devour his sword shadows, then Luo Zheng would have been seriously injured, if not dead.
However, he couldn't control his own sword intent. This was something that gave Luo Zheng a headache. In three breaths of time, he could slash out hundreds of times, but after three breaths of time, he had to quickly condense a new sword intent. Under this repeated process, the Primal Chaos Qi in his body was consumed at an extremely fast rate!
If his dantian was still filled with True Essence, then he might have already replenished it with over a thousand top-grade True Essence Stones. Fortunately, it was Primal Chaos Qi. He only needed to take out a little bit each time and it was just enough!
To the side, Old Chen and Old Xu were already staring blankly at Luo Zheng's sword practice. They remained motionless for several hours.
Although they couldn't understand what was happening in front of them, they could faintly feel that something was about to happen ….
No matter what it was, they didn't want to miss anything. If this boy were to reveal the secret of Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword, then they could act according to the circumstances!
About an hour after Luo Zheng continued to shatter the white sword shadows, Luo Zheng stood still. The sword intent in his hand suddenly shot out, but he didn't condense a new sword intent. This was because the large characters on the boulder no longer shot out sword shadows ….
"What's going on? Are there no more?" Luo Zheng curiously stared at the large characters. "Could it be that there aren't enough? I don't even know how many white sword shadows I've shattered! "
In these several hours, one sword shadow after another had been shattered in front of Luo Zheng. The number was naturally difficult to calculate.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that in these several hours, Luo Zheng had already shattered 9.96 million white sword shadows.
In the past, Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword had used a sword to carve these characters, leaving behind a sharp sword intent that could pierce the heart. And what pierced the heart of a martial artist were these white sword shadows!
Originally, there were nine million nine hundred and ninety thousand white sword phantoms, but in the past several million years, countless cultivators had come here to meditate. Although they weren't able to see the white sword phantoms like Luo Zheng, there were still some people who had accidentally broken them!
Thus, there were some people who had inadvertently shattered a white sword shadow, causing the other white sword shadows to attack them, causing them to faint! It was just that there were too few of them. Even if there were people who noticed, they would only think that they couldn't withstand the 'piercing' pain. Instead, they would be ridiculed by others …
Now, Luo Zheng had shattered all of the white sword shadows, and Luo Zheng's sword intent had already reached the pinnacle! This was a sword intent that he couldn't control, but the power contained within this sword intent was also extremely sharp!
"It seems that Heavenly Venerate Bright Sword made such an arrangement in order to temper his sword intent. The question is, what is the purpose of tempering such a strange sword intent?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
And at this time, Xun also left Luo Zheng's body and stood beside him.
Xun was also sizing up her own body …
Besides her sword intent becoming so sharp that she couldn't control it, her sword spirit body had also undergone earth-shaking changes.
Originally, a sword spirit was an illusion. Although Xun looked exactly the same as an ordinary person, if one looked carefully, they would be able to see some differences. Like a reflection in water, it still had a somewhat fleeting feeling. If there was a strong light, it could even penetrate Xun's body and shine through.
But now, if Xun didn't tell the other party that she was a sword spirit body, one wouldn't be able to see the difference at all. The body that the sword spirit had transformed into was exactly the same as a real body!
Elegant black hair, snow-white skin, everything was vivid and lifelike. It was no different from an ordinary body, appearing incomparably solid.
Xun slightly raised her wrist, her slender fingers lightly brushing against her arm. She tilted her head and smiled faintly, "The feeling of this sword spirit body seems to have become real! When I control this Sword Spirit Body, my strength will also increase greatly. "
Before she found a new body, she still liked to rely on Luo Zheng's body. Or it could be said that her motivation to find a new body wasn't that strong!
In the depths of Xun's heart, perhaps she thought that accompanying Luo Zheng's side was also a kind of good home!
Luo Zheng indifferently sized up Xun. Under the contrast of her pitch-black hair and snow-white face, his heart palpitated. However, he once again turned his face to the huge rock.
It seemed that there was no way to solve the mystery left behind by the Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword.
After spending a few hours, being able to strengthen the sword spirit to this extent could be considered a good harvest. As for solving the mystery of the Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword, it was something that could only be encountered and not sought. He wouldn't be obsessed with it.
Since the Torch Flame Inheritance had already begun, Luo Zheng didn't delay any longer. He directly flew to the side of the huge rock.
Not long after Luo Zheng left, the two Divine Realm warriors, Old Chen and Old Xu, were still staring blankly at the big words on the rock. At this moment, a slight cracking sound suddenly came from one of the big words. A crack appeared on that big word!
＝＝＝＝＝