The two of them had mixed feelings about this.
They found that the sharp sword intent on the words had completely disappeared.
The root of the problem must be Luo Zheng …
However, they didn't dare to stop Luo Zheng and force him to tell the truth. Besides, Luo Zheng probably didn't know what the truth was.
Therefore, they could only watch as Luo Zheng left, while they continued to stare at the words on the boulder in a daze ….
After losing the sharp sword intent, although these words were exactly the same as before, they had already lost their charm. Even the strokes that were carved were no longer sharp.
If someone had said that this poem was carved by a Heavenly Venerate, everyone would have nodded! Only a Heavenly Venerate could carve such sharp words.
If others saw it now, they would probably think that it was carved by an ordinary craftsman.
"That kid took away the spirituality of these words … What's going on?" Old Chen said with a stupefied face.
Old Xu shook his head, his face full of disinterest.
Under such circumstances, a crack suddenly appeared on one of the words. How could the two of them not be surprised?
This boulder had been here for countless years and had never been damaged by anyone. Now that a crack had appeared, wasn't this a huge anomaly?
The two of them looked at each other, their faces full of excitement …
Compared to the past million years, they were the last of the countless martial artists that had persisted until the end. Perhaps what was happening in front of them was a turning point in their destiny!
…
Luo Zheng didn't know that cracks had appeared on the words after he left.
When Luo Zheng arrived at his destination, he saw a magnificent ancient building. These ancient buildings had stood there for countless years …
Yun Luo and dozens of others were waiting here.
"Yun Luo, there is still one person in the Misty Cloud Palace who hasn't returned. It has been several hours. If he still doesn't come, I will seal the Clear Growth Pond!" An old man in linen robes said impatiently.
The inheritance of the Torch Flame was a great fortune for any warrior in the Thirteen Palaces. However, someone still hadn't come. He didn't know what they were waiting for, so the old man in linen robes was naturally angry.
Yun Luo said indifferently, "Wait a little longer."
After she finished speaking, a tall woman dressed in green sneered and said, "Hehe, Yun Luo is really influential. If it were any other palace master, I'm afraid the Clear Growth Pool would have been closed long ago!"
The Thirteen Palaces of the Alliance had rushed over from the Thirteen Great Worlds to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance. The green-clothed woman was the Palace Master of the "Sorrow Heavenly Palace".
The green-clothed woman was actually right. The old man in linen clothes was not a patient person, and he hated people who were late the most. Normally, not to mention being late by so many hours, even if it was only 30 minutes, the old man in linen clothes would not show any mercy and would directly close the Clear Growth Pool. How could he give this latecomer a chance to participate in the Torch Flame inheritance?
However, Yun Luo was the daughter of a Celestial Venerable and had a high status, so she patiently left a back door for the late guy …
At this time, another cultivator also said to Yun Luo, "Actually, it doesn't matter if one person is missing. Why do you doubt this cultivator, Yun Luo? Could it be that he really has something special? "
In one Heavenly Palace, there were hundreds of people participating in the Torch Flame inheritance. When these Palace Masters saw that Yun Luo insisted on waiting for Luo Zheng, they were very interested in Luo Zheng's identity. They wanted to see what this little guy who could make so many half-step Realm Lords wait for him looked like!
Yun Luo curled her lips. From the bottom of her heart, she had high hopes for Luo Zheng. However, since she knew that Luo Zheng was a fateless person, she would not interfere with Luo Zheng's thoughts and let him do as he pleased. She just did not know if he had any results from comprehending the words of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword.
"That's right, Yun Luo. Why is that little guy so late? Shouldn't he come with you? " Another person asked, "You want us to wait for a little guy? Isn't that unreasonable?"
According to the rules, everyone who entered the Torch Flame inheritance land would be sealed off. Now that Luo Zheng had not come, it could not be sealed off. How could the Palace Masters of Tang Tang Heavenly Palace not be annoyed when they were delayed by a little guy?
"Hehe, that little guy should be comprehending the poem of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword! He might even need to comprehend it for a few thousand years! "said Xu Can, the Vice Palace Master of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Hearing Xu Can's words, many of the Palace Masters had strange expressions on their faces as they all stared at Yun Luo.
These Palace Masters were very clear about the mystery of Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword. Whether it was a scam or not, they would not express their opinions for the time being. However, any cultivator who was slightly smarter would not waste their entire life on it!
"Haha, I didn't expect Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace to have such a stupid little guy. He actually believed in Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword's mystery? "laughed a Palace Master.
One of the Palace Masters sneered and said to Yun Luo, "You won't really make us wait for a thousand years, right?"
This was, of course, a sarcastic remark that was very harsh to Yun Luo's ears. Facing the urging of many Palace Masters, Yun Luo could only send a sound transmission to Luo Zheng again. However, before she could speak, a figure rushed over from the horizon. It was none other than Luo Zheng.
After seeing Luo Zheng arrive, Yun Luo let out a sigh of relief and said, "He's already here."
"Whoosh!"
After Luo Zheng landed, he cupped his hands towards Yun Luo and said, "Sorry for making you wait for so long!"
Yun Luo nodded slightly, but before she could say anything, the old man in plain clothes said, "Long wait? Humph, you're not qualified to make us wait for so long! "
His tone was very unfriendly. However, Luo Zheng was indeed late, so he didn't say anything. Speaking of which, the old man's words weren't wrong. He was just a little guy in Life and Death realm, so he wasn't qualified to make these big shots wait for so long.
The other Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters also frowned as they stared at Luo Zheng. They didn't expect that after waiting for so long, a little guy in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm would come. Was there really no one else in Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace that could make up the numbers with this little guy? Or was it because this little guy had some kind of background?
"Since you're here, quickly enter the Clear Growth Pool," Yun Luo said in a low voice, "The others have already entered the inheritance ground for several hours. You're already behind …"
Luo Zheng nodded, then looked in the direction Yun Luo was pointing and saw a round pool.
This pool was filled with clear water, so clear that one could see the bottom. The aura emitted from this pool reminded Luo Zheng of the Ascension Well he had stayed in before …
Everyone was urging him. Luo Zheng didn't want to make things difficult for Yun Luo, so he didn't ask any more questions. His figure suddenly flashed, and he jumped into the Clear Growth Pool! However, the moment Luo Zheng jumped in, he found that the water in the pool wasn't as simple as it looked. The resistance of the water was much greater than Luo Zheng had imagined.
After jumping in, his whole body floated on the surface of the Clear Growth Pool, and he couldn't sink at all.
Seeing this, Yun Luo said, "You can sink. This Clear Growth Pool can clear your soul for a short time, and double your comprehension!"
In fact, what Luo Zheng didn't know was that the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces had a round of competition after passing through the Clear Growth Pool!
The buoyancy of the Clear Growth Pool was great. The Clear Growth Pool in front of him was only twenty feet wide and twenty feet deep. If the Clear Growth Pool was expanded countless times, even a mountain range wouldn't be able to sink!
Many martial artists of the Heavenly Palaces took pride in sinking to the bottom in order to show their strength!
However, it was not easy to sink to the bottom of the Clear Growth Pool. Most of the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces couldn't sink to the bottom, and most of them only stopped in the middle …
Of course, the Thirteen Palaces never lacked powerful martial artists. For example, Ai Anxin, Xue Muyang, and other martial artists naturally sank to the bottom. In addition, more than ten martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces also sank to the bottom.
In fact, it didn't matter whether they sank to the bottom or not. This was just a way for the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces to compete with each other.
"Little guy, you can try and see how deep you can sink," a Palace Master said to Luo Zheng with a smile.
Luo Zheng glanced at Yun Luo. Was it important to know how deep he could sink?
Seeing that Yun Luo didn't speak, Luo Zheng didn't bother to pay attention to her. He just turned his body and dived into the Clear Growth Pool. However, he just soaked himself in it and didn't dive to the bottom of the pool.