The Clear Sage Pool was a small measure to measure the strength of the Thirteen Palaces.
In the past few hours, thousands of cultivators had jumped into the Clear Sage Pool one after another, each displaying their Divine Abilities.
Entering the Clear Sage Pond was originally a highlight of every Torch Flame inheritance. Many Palace Masters had told their martial artists to try their best to perform better.
Among the Thirteen Palaces, Ai Anxin from the Cloud Mist Palace was the fastest and easiest to reach the bottom of the pool.
In just a breath's time, she had silently sunk to the bottom of the pool. The resistance of the pool water didn't seem to be an obstacle to her.
Luo Zheng was also from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, and he had arrived late. Yet, his performance was already so bad …
Ignoring the fact that Luo Zheng didn't use his full strength, just by floating at this depth, he could only be ranked low among the Thirteen Palaces. Don't wait!
"I thought he was some kind of super genius. I've waited for nothing!"
"I believe in the secrets left behind by the Glorious Sword Empyrean. How smart can this guy be?"
"Alright, we can seal the Torch Flame Inheritance path!"
"I still want to see how much the little guys in my palace have comprehended!"
Some palace masters were very dissatisfied.
Those voices passed through the Clear Sage Pool to Luo Zheng's ears. His face was calm. At this moment, he noticed Yun Luo staring at him and smiled at her.
Therefore, the two laughed at the same time, although they didn't know what the other was laughing at …
After soaking in the Clear Sage Pool, Luo Zheng felt refreshed. His thoughts were much faster.
After Luo Zheng left the Clear Sage Pool, the old man clapped his hands and a huge "Seal" word appeared in the sky!
When the word "seal" appeared, it isolated the Orange Sea Realm. It was as if it had become an independent space within the range of the word!
"What a powerful move." Luo Zheng was slightly shocked when he saw the old man make a move.
The old man should be a half step Sector Lord or even a Sector Lord. Luo Zheng was naturally amazed by the great ability displayed by such a cultivation level.
After sealing off the Torch Flame Inheritance Path, Luo Zheng followed the crowd into a square. In this square, there were a few lonely square stones placed there!
These stones were about two feet long and were engraved with densely packed words the size of mosquitoes.
At the end of the plaza, there were thousands of warriors sitting at one side. They were all holding square stone engravings in their hands. They were lowering their heads to comprehend the contents of the stone engravings.
"You, choose a stone engraving yourself! Sit there and comprehend it! "The old man said coldly....
Luo Zheng had left an extremely bad impression on the linen-clothed old man, so the old man naturally didn't have a good tone.
At this time, Yun Luo glanced at the lonely stone inscriptions on the square and said to Luo Zheng, "The easy stone inscriptions should have been taken away. I'm afraid that the remaining stone inscriptions will be very difficult …"
There were thousands of stone engravings in the plaza. The stone engravings were all different in difficulty. The remaining stone engravings were naturally the leftovers of others.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked into the plaza. His gaze swept across the stone engravings …
His gaze flashed. "Isn't the power of law recorded on these stone engravings?"
Luo Zheng walked towards one of the stone engravings and looked at it carefully.
"This is the fourth level of the metal law …" Luo Zheng had comprehended three levels of the other eight laws, but he hadn't comprehended the fourth level.
However, it wasn't that Luo Zheng couldn't find the fourth level of the laws to comprehend. It was just that he didn't have enough time.
After reaching the fourth level, even though Luo Zheng had been baptized by the laws, it still took him a lot of time and effort to comprehend it.
"No, it's not pure metal law!" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
This square stone carving had a total of six sides, and the center of each side contained the power of a Law. Naturally, the six sides recorded the power of six Laws!
The place where the six types of law intersected was where the two types of law merged …
"Comprehend six types of law at once?" Luo Zheng was very curious. What was the test of this Torch Inheritance?
No matter what, Luo Zheng held the stone engraving in his hand and walked to one side of the plaza, preparing to sit down in a corner.
Unexpectedly, when he walked over, Ai Anxin suddenly waved at Luo Zheng and said loudly, "Luo Zheng, over here!"
Her voice was suddenly bright and pleasant, but the thousands of warriors on one side of the plaza were silent. They were all focused on comprehending the stone engraving in their hands. Wouldn't such a loud voice disturb them?
Ai Anxin's character was like this. When she first entered the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, she directly used the Tiger Roar Token. How could she have considered the feelings of the many warriors in the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace?
However, her performance in the Clear Growth Pool had attracted the attention of all the young cultivators in the Thirteen Palaces. This woman's performance in the Clear Growth Pool was the most outstanding. She could be said to be the biggest competitor in the Torch Flame inheritance.
In private, many warriors had already inquired about Ai Anxin's identity and heard some of her origins. Coupled with her unparalleled beauty, some male warriors were even more attentive …
Therefore, her loud voice didn't arouse public anger.
Many of the cultivators who had noticed Ai Anxin earlier had noticed that she had left a space beside her, but they didn't know who it was for. Now, everyone understood what was going on.
Therefore, a row of eyes uniformly stared at Luo Zheng.
Seeing Luo Zheng's cultivation in the fifth layer of Life and Death realm, they looked at him with disdain, disdain, strangeness, and so on. Anyway, there were all kinds of expressions, but none of them could be called friendly.
There were quite a few Life and Death Realm warriors here, but most of them were at the 9th layer of Life and Death Realm. They all had the chance to break through to the 10th layer of Life and Death Realm. This legendary special realm was not any weaker than those Divine Sea Realm warriors.
As for the fifth layer of Life and Death realm, this kind of cultivation base was ordinary and unremarkable. Why would Ai Anxin leave a space for him?
Luo Zheng felt those unfriendly gazes and felt somewhat innocent. He thought resentfully, 'It's not like I'm the one making a scene. It's as if they're blaming me.'
Therefore, he ignored Ai Anxin and sat down on the spot.
What he didn't expect was that Ai Anxin was also a stubborn person. Seeing Luo Zheng ignore her and sit in a corner, she shouted even louder, "Luo Zheng, come here! I still have some things to ask you! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was even more speechless. He lowered his head and began to comprehend the law on the stone inscription. Previously, he couldn't stay calm because of this woman, so he really didn't have the mood to pay attention to her.
Ai Anxin saw Luo Zheng acting as if he didn't hear her. She actually stood up with her stone inscription in her arms. She bypassed those warriors and crossed more than half of the square, all the way to Luo Zheng's side. Then, she gently lifted her skirt and knelt on the ground, placing the stone inscription next to her. "I'm talking to you. Can't you hear me?"
Luo Zheng said indifferently while comprehending the law on the stone inscription, "I hear you."
"Why don't you answer me?" Ai Anxin didn't let him off easily.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders, "Nothing, I don't want to answer."
"I didn't make you angry!" Ai Anxin saw that Luo Zheng was so perfunctory, but she still didn't let him off easily.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache. He just hoped that this woman wouldn't make a fuss next to him. However, Luo Zheng was never too cold to women. After letting out a sigh, he looked up at Ai Anxin and asked, "Okay, what do you want to ask?"
Ai Anxin rolled her eyes and asked with a smile, "What did you comprehend from the words left behind by Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and replied, "Heavenly Venerable Bright Sword hasn't been able to comprehend it for millions of years. What kind of profound mystery can I comprehend?"
"If you didn't comprehend anything, why did you waste so much time?" Ai Anxin continued.
There was no end to it …
Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes, "Can you not talk? I still want to comprehend the stone inscription! "
He had already wasted a few hours. Now that Ai Anxin was still asking him questions, Luo Zheng really couldn't stand it anymore!
"Oh …" Ai Anxin said resentfully, "Actually, if you want to comprehend the six laws on the stone inscription, this amount of time isn't enough. However, the law storm is originally the fusion of many laws, so the more you comprehend, the further you can go …"
"Law storm?" Hearing this, Luo Zheng raised his head and asked.