Ai Anxin's words finally aroused Luo Zheng's curiosity. Instead, a triumphant smile appeared on her face.
She lifted the corners of her mouth and smiled, "Aren't you not going to talk? Do you want to concentrate on comprehending the stone inscriptions? "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng glared fiercely at Ai Anxin!
Ai Anxin didn't keep him in suspense. She continued, "The most important part of the Torch Flame inheritance is to move forward in the storm of Laws. And this storm of Laws is the gentle fusion of various Laws in the universe, forming a storm!"
"There are all sorts of Laws?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
Ai Anxin nodded, "More or less. But these Laws are extremely fragmented. They are the remnants of the storm of Laws left behind after a battle between two Empyreans in the past. In the end, they were imprisoned in the One Thought Barrier Tower!"
The One Thought Barrier Tower was an enchantment left behind by an Empyrean. It looked like a tower, but in fact, it was an enchantment laid down by an Empyrean.
In the past, several Empyreans took action and caused the entire Orange Sea Realm to fall apart. Because the turbulent flow of Laws couldn't be restrained, the Orange Sea Realm was still a dangerous place. If one wasn't careful, they would be sucked into the turbulent flow of Laws and die without a burial site.
It wasn't until a human Empyrean took action and gathered all the turbulent flow of Laws together and created the One Thought Barrier Tower that the shattered Orange Sea Realm gradually calmed down.
The turbulent flow of Laws slowly evolved in the One Thought Barrier Tower. As it continued to weaken, it formed a storm. The storm's power had weakened by a great deal. In the past several hundred years, it had evolved into a method used to assess the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces.
Hearing Ai Anxin's explanation, Luo Zheng finally understood. No wonder the martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces were asked to comprehend these stone inscriptions. There were six Laws on the six sides of these stone inscriptions, and the storm of Laws was originally a composite of many Source Laws. If one wanted to resist the storm of Laws, they had to comprehend a sufficient number of different Laws.
"So, this is cramming at the last minute! Not to mention forty hours, even if you give me twenty days, it won't be of any use! " Ai Anxin pouted, her face full of pride, "If one wants to go further in the storm of Laws, they have to rely on their own background and accumulation!"
Luo Zheng glanced at Ai Anxin indifferently. This woman was both proud and confident in herself …
"Even if it's a last-minute effort, I still have to do it," Luo Zheng said.
"It's useless! You see, I don't need to comprehend this stone inscription. This time, I must get first place and break the record here! "Ai Anxin laughed again." Let's chat! "
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. "I'm not as confident as you." After saying that, he didn't raise his head, but concentrated on observing the stone inscription in his hand.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was ignoring her again, Ai Anxin's face once again revealed a resentful expression. However, after thinking for a while, she smiled again. She was very confident in herself. She was indeed thinking about how Luo Zheng would react if she still left him behind despite his serious comprehension. What kind of expression would Luo Zheng have at that time?
Luo Zheng didn't know what Ai An was thinking. He stared at the stone inscription and fell into deep thought.
What would happen if the power of six Laws were completely fused together at the same time?
Before this, Luo Zheng had seen the perfect fusion of two Laws. For example, King Yan of the four Divine Kingdoms and Sima Yulong's sword painting technique had perfectly fused the Laws of Metal and the Laws of Wind.
However …
It was very difficult to completely fuse Origin Source Laws with each other.
Some Origin Source Laws were existences that reinforced and restrained each other. For example, the Laws of Fire and the Laws of Water and the Laws of Five Elements were even more powerful …
However, was there really no one in this world who could fuse all the Laws together?
The six Laws on the stone inscription were only fused in pairs, and the fusion wasn't complete!
However, Luo Zheng didn't know how powerful the storm of Laws would be. He couldn't imagine the scene of multiple Laws fusing together, but he could obtain the method of fusing two Laws from the stone inscription.
Soon, Luo Zheng fell into a state of immersion.
Most of the thousands of warriors in the Thirteen Palaces were immersed in the world of Laws like Luo Zheng.
Ai Anxin was bored to death. She even stretched her body. Looking at Luo Zheng's serious expression, she curled her lips and finally picked up the stone inscription in her hand.
The time provided for the various martial artists to comprehend was also only 40 hours.
Luo Zheng was delayed for a few hours in front of the huge stone. Therefore, after more than twenty hours of comprehension, Luo Zheng …
A voice sounded in everyone's ears at the same time.
"Okay, time's up! Everyone can put down the stone inscription in their hands and enter the One Thought Boundary Tower! "The voice belonged to the old man in linen clothes.
The warriors on one side of the square put down the stone inscriptions and quickly got up.
Naturally, everyone was well prepared to participate in this Torch Inheritance. However, some were very confident, while others looked hesitant. There were also some warriors who asked, "What is the reward this time?"
The old man in linen clothes continued indifferently, "The reward this time is a Calamity Annihilation Pill for anyone who crosses a thousand miles!"
"Calamity Annihilation Pill?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly.
Fortunately, Ai An was talkative and immediately explained, "Calamity Annihilation Pill is a pill that can extinguish the punishment of the Heavenly Dao!"
"Extinguish the Heavenly Tribulation directly?" Luo Zheng asked curiously, "The warriors here shouldn't need the Calamity Annihilation Pill, right?"
For ordinary warriors, the Calamity Annihilation Pill might be incomparably important. For some warriors, it was a true tribulation. If they weren't careful, they could die!
When Luo Zheng crossed the minor Heavenly Tribulation for the first time, he was almost annihilated by the black light.
However, crossing the Heavenly Tribulation was also greatly beneficial to the warrior. The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces were all geniuses of tenth grade Holy Lands. Crossing the Heavenly Tribulation wasn't a bad thing, but a good thing. For example, Ai An, a ninth level Life and Death Realm warrior, was looking forward to the tenth minor Heavenly Tribulation!
If the Calamity Annihilation Pill wasn't a good thing for them, it would be a great loss instead.
Ai An smiled faintly and said, "Of course, the Calamity Annihilation Pill can't completely neutralize the Heavenly Tribulation! If so, I don't want it! This Calamity Annihilation Pill can only delay the arrival of the Heavenly Tribulation! In case a warrior is in danger or is seriously injured and can't cross the Heavenly Tribulation, the Calamity Annihilation Pill will naturally come in handy! "
Luo Zheng nodded. This was also true. Back in the Sea God Continent, the Twin Demon Holy Land launched a surprise attack while Liu Yu was out crossing the Heavenly Tribulation. Although Liu Yu succeeded in crossing the Heavenly Tribulation, it was still extremely dangerous.
This Calamity Annihilation Pill could indeed come in handy at a critical moment.
"One Calamity Annihilation Pill for a thousand miles …"
"The reward for this Torch Inheritance seems to be too stingy!"
"And then? Hurry up and say it … "
These warriors participated in the Torch Inheritance for the sake of the rewards. Naturally, they would pay attention to the following rewards.
The old man continued, "Those who can cross three thousand miles will be rewarded with a Minor First Grade Divine Artifact!"
Luo Zheng was somewhat interested in the Calamity Annihilation Pill, but Luo Zheng was somewhat uninterested in the Minor First Grade Divine Artifact …
As for the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces, they were somewhat dissatisfied.
"I heard that there was a Minor First Grade Divine Artifact as a reward for crossing three thousand miles in the Torch Inheritance. This time, it's actually downgraded to a Minor First Grade Divine Artifact …"
"Indeed, the reward this time seems to have been downgraded."
The old man ignored everyone's dissatisfaction and continued, "As for the reward for crossing ten thousand miles, hehe, I'll announce it when someone can cross this boundary!"
Clearly, this guy was keeping them in suspense.
Naturally, everyone was dissatisfied …
The difficulty of advancing through the storm of laws was definitely not low. Not many people could cross a thousand miles!
As for the difficulty of crossing three thousand miles, perhaps only a few dozen people could complete it.
As for the difficulty of crossing ten thousand miles, it was even more unimaginable. The warriors of the Thirteen Palaces doubted whether anyone could complete it. There was no point in announcing the unfairness …
However, although everyone was dissatisfied, no one chose to give up. They knew that the benefits of the Torch Flame inheritance were not limited to this. If they could achieve a good result, they would be valued in the Heavenly Palace, and the resources they would receive would be several times more than now.
＝＝＝＝＝