Under the linen-robed old man's arrangement, everyone moved forward and entered the One Thought Barrier Tower.
This year, although the Boundary Tower was called a tower, it was actually a huge space that firmly imprisoned the Law Storm within.
The Law Storm continued to wreak havoc, making it seem as if this space was boundless, but in fact, it had a boundary. However, in the deepest part of the One Thought Barrier Tower, there were remnants of the battle between several Heavenly Venerables. The only consequence of being sucked in was dying without a complete corpse.
Of course, that was the depth of a hundred thousand li. It was impossible for the younger generation of the thirteen palaces to reach such a depth.
Several thousand cultivators entered the One Thought Barrier Tower in a single file …
Just as they entered the One Thought Barrier Tower, everyone immediately felt an intense power of law rushing towards them!
"This power of law contains many different kinds of laws!"
Luo Zheng raised his head and gazed ahead. The Law Power before his eyes formed a violent storm that covered almost every corner of the One Thought Barrier Tower.
Even though they had just entered the tower, everyone could feel a powerful pressure. Many of them operated their Protective Zhen Yuan to protect themselves.
Only a few people didn't activate their Protective Zhen Yuan, such as Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace's Xue Muyang and Ai Anxin, as well as the other super geniuses of the twelve Heavenly Palaces.
As for Luo Zheng … he didn't activate his Protective Zhen Yuan either. It wasn't that he didn't want to, but that he didn't have Zhen Yuan. Although the Primal Chaos Qi had similar characteristics to Zhen Yuan and could be regarded as a strengthened version of Zhen Yuan to a certain extent, it wasn't evenly spread out like Zhen Yuan.
In other words, Luo Zheng hadn't grasped this method.
The martial artists of the Thirteen Palaces were recruited from many Great Worlds. They were core existences in any Rank Ten Holy Land. Naturally, they had the intention to compete with Ye Xiwen.
Seeing Xue Muyang, Ai Anxin, and the other cultivators easily adapt to the Law Storm without activating their Protective Zhen Yuan, everyone was naturally convinced.
However, seeing that Luo Zheng, a fifth level Life and Death expert, didn't activate his Protective Zhen Yuan, disdain appeared in everyone's eyes.
"Hold on for now. If you can't hold on for a hundred li, then you'll lose face!"
"Hehe, there's no shortage of people who puff themselves up at their own cost …"
This year, the Spirit Barrier Tower wasn't a competition of speed. After everyone entered the tower, they began to approach the depths of the tower.
In the beginning, the people were still very concentrated, but gradually, the thousands of people formed a long line, and the whole group became scattered.
The storm of laws continued to roar. Occasionally, a few strands of the Law of Fire would condense together and form a fist-sized flame, which would suddenly hit Luo Zheng's body and give him a burning sensation.
Or when several strands of the Laws of Wind collided with each other and formed a few tiny wind blades that swept over.
Luo Zheng's speed was not fast. His gaze was indifferent, but he was quietly sizing up this world filled with all kinds of laws.
The power of these Laws didn't fuse with each other. They only intertwined with each other after being shattered!
At this moment, Luo Zheng noticed from the side that several Time Laws had condensed together and turned into a small ball that flew towards him.
He stretched out his hand and gently poked the small ball. The moment his finger drilled into the small ball, its speed suddenly slowed down. However, after Luo Zheng silently operated the Law of Time, he offset the time limit of the Law of Time, and the small ball burst like a soap bubble.
"These Laws are intertwined. There's a very familiar feeling." After Luo Zheng entered the Spirit Barrier Tower, he was somewhat absent-minded. This feeling originated from this familiarity.
But after thinking for a long time, he still couldn't figure out where this sense of familiarity came from …
Ai Anxin had already rushed to the front of the group, and Luo Zheng was now at the tail of the group. There were still some cultivators behind him who sped up and overtook Luo Zheng.
When they passed by Luo Zheng, these cultivators' faces showed surprise.
"This guy didn't use True Essence to protect his body. It's very difficult for him to move forward in this storm of laws. What is he trying to do?" Many people thought so in their hearts.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't care about the gazes of others. He still maintained his speed and moved forward at a constant speed.
At this cultivation level, the flying speed of cultivators was already extremely fast. If there were no Law Storms, this distance of thousands of miles would probably only take them three hours.
But the further they went, the more terrifying the Law Storms were. Naturally, their speed would be greatly reduced.
Outside the One Thought Spirit Barrier Tower, on the rooftop of an ancient building, many Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters of the Heavenly Palaces were sitting around a large round table, and the linen-clothed old man was sitting in the center of the round table. They were indifferently watching every movement in the tower.
"There are a few little guys who have begun to speed up, hehe." The linen-clothed old man smiled faintly.
A Palace Master smiled faintly and said, "The one rushing at the front seems to be Fang Xiaobing of our Cambrian Heavenly Palace! Hehe, it seems that Fang Xiaobing will be the first in the competition of a thousand miles! "
"What first? It's not a competition of speed. The one who can last the longest will have the last laugh!" Another Palace Master retorted.
The linen-clothed old man smiled faintly and said, "In this time's Torch Flame Inheritance, I think the most highly of that girl!"
After saying that, he pointed into the distance, and the gazes of the Palace Masters fell on Ai Anxin …
"Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace?"
"This girl seems to be called Ai Anxin, right?"
"She does have potential, but it's a little too early to draw this conclusion …"
Ai Anxin was indeed very outstanding, but there were also some super geniuses in the other twelve Heavenly Palaces. They wouldn't be defeated so easily.
The linen-clothed old man shook his head firmly. "You all know that this old man has always been very good at judging people! This Ai Anxin is too outstanding. The degree of her excellence far exceeds that of a genius in the ordinary sense! "
Hearing this, the faces of the other Palace Masters turned a little ugly. After all, the thirteen Heavenly Palaces had always been on par with each other. In each competition of the Torch Flame Inheritance, there might be winners and losers, but the gap between them was not that big.
"This Ai Anxin is Xiao Dao's disciple, and she has the fate of a Battle of the Worlds. It's not surprising that she's so outstanding. In fact, strictly speaking, she's not a cultivator of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace! It must be Xiao Dao's idea to let her participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance! "A Palace Master said faintly.
"I see …"
"The fate of a Battle of the Worlds is monstrous. It's indeed difficult for ordinary geniuses to compete …"
When the other Palace Masters heard this, they heaved a sigh of relief in their hearts. After hearing this, they felt a little better in their hearts.
Yun Luo also nodded faintly. "Yes, Ai Anxin is not a cultivator of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace."
She didn't pin her hopes on Ai Anxin, so her answer was very calm.
At this moment, the linen-clothed old man pointed again and said with a smile, "This kid is actually the last one again!"
Everyone's eyes swept over and found Luo Zheng at the tail.
At present, thousands of cultivators formed a long line, advancing in the storm of Laws. Only Luo Zheng was at the back, and he was the last one to finish. Naturally, he attracted attention.
Several Palace Masters also smiled. This kid was the last cultivator to arrive late, and now he was also the last person in the One Thought Seal Tower. It was indeed strange.
Some of the Palace Masters even glanced at Yun Luo with a hint of mockery in their eyes.
"This kid doesn't use True Essence to protect his body?"
"It's really interesting, but I don't know why he's advancing so slowly!"
Yun Luo's eyes were still indifferent. She believed in Luo Zheng's strength, but she was a little curious. What was Luo Zheng thinking about?
Luo Zheng was still orderly, maintaining his speed. These Law Fragments were extremely messy, and he couldn't comprehend them at all. Of course, he wouldn't comprehend the Origin Source Law here.
And at this moment …
The dozens of cultivators at the front had already advanced a distance of eight hundred miles, and they were beginning to sprint to a thousand miles!
The first to reach the top would not be rewarded, but the linen-clothed old man would announce the names of the top ten cultivators who had rushed over a thousand miles, which was also to win glory for his Heavenly Palace.
Ai Anxin naturally wouldn't fight for any glory for Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, but she was proud, so how could she fall behind others?