The long dragon formed by more than four thousand people could be divided into three echelons.
The first echelon only had more than twenty people. At this time, they had already entered the eight hundred kilometer area.
Although the Law Storm in this area was much stronger, it did not pose too much pressure to these super geniuses.
Therefore, they were now scrambling to compete in speed. It was also because of this that after these people entered the One Thought Sealed Tower, they rushed all the way to the one thousand kilometer area …
Right now, the one in first place was a cultivator surnamed Li from Twilight Heavenly Palace. This cultivator surnamed Li was surrounded by a dark Domain. Any Law Fragment that approached him was directly swallowed by the dark Domain. He used this method to rapidly advance. The Law Fragments in the Space Storm could not obstruct him at all. Instead, they became his driving force after being swallowed.
Xue Muyang was ranked second. He was indeed considered a peak existence among the ascenders. He didn't use any tricks to advance in the storm of laws. Instead, he relied on his own strength to advance while staring at the storm of laws. His speed was extremely fast.
"It's already nine hundred kilometers …" She muttered to herself. "One hundred more kilometers." At this point, a smile suddenly appeared on her face. Her figure, which had been rapidly advancing, suddenly stopped in place.
The twenty or so cultivators in the first echelon were not far apart from each other. There was only a one or two kilometer gap between them. Everyone was also pushing their speed to the limit!
Therefore, when Ai Anxin suddenly stopped, the cultivators in the first echelon overtook her in an instant!
In the blink of an eye, Ai Anxin fell from third place to the end of the first echelon.
The cultivators who overtook Ai Anxin also had strange expressions on their faces. They did not know why this woman suddenly stopped.
However, Ai Anxin only paused for a few dozen breaths of time. With a light wave of her wrist, rays of green light blossomed from her back. Under the constant refraction of these rays of light, they finally formed a pair of wings that emitted a green radiance!
Then, with a light flap of her wings, she shot forward agilely.
Sou …
At this speed, Ai Anxin's body and wings left a long trail behind her!
The cultivator surnamed Li's face was filled with excitement. He had already traveled 950 kilometers, and only 50 kilometers was left before he could break through the 1000 kilometer mark.
He did not care about the reward of the Thousand Mile Competition. It was just a Calamity Annihilation Pill. This reward could be obtained by anyone. However, the Dimmed Heavenly Palace that he belonged to had privately promised that if he could obtain the first place in the Thousand Mile Competition, he would be rewarded with an additional first-grade divine artifact!
He wanted to help Sorrow Heavenly Palace reap this glory!
And this glory was right in front of him. It seemed to have come a little too easily …
However, just as he was rushing forward, he suddenly heard a whooshing sound beside his ear. A shadow flashed past his eyes, and his eyes were suddenly dazzled.
"Eh? What was that just now … "
This martial artist surnamed Li hadn't been able to clearly see Ai Anxin's figure. After all, under the devastation of this storm of Laws, everyone's field of vision had been compressed to an extremely small range. He thought that the movement just now had been caused by a storm.
After a few breaths, the crowd heard the old man's voice.
"The first cultivator to break through the 1000 kilometer mark is Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace's Ai Anxin!"
Hearing this, the cultivator surnamed Li froze, his face filled with disbelief. "This, this … what's going on?"
Outside the Sealed Tower, the old man and the many Palace Masters stared at the wings on Ai Anxin's back. Their eyes were also filled with shock.
"That's the Nimble Azure Wind Wings!"
"This girl can control this pair of wings in the Life and Death realm …"
"Nimble Azure Wind Wings … Doesn't she need to cultivate the Azure Wind Spirit's Dark Embryo in her Dantian? She's only in the Life and Death realm and hasn't opened her Divine Sea. How can she cultivate it in her body? "
The Nimble Azure Wind Wings were not something that humans could possess. It was the ability of a special creature in the storm, the Azure Wind Spirit!
Those who possessed these wings could Ao Xiang a thousand kilometers in the blink of an eye …
However, the Azure Wind Spirit was not an ordinary creature. Cultivators could not inherit or obtain their bloodline!
However, in order to become stronger and faster, every cultivator would rack their brains. In the end, someone came up with a method, which was to capture the Azure Wind Spirit's Dark Embryo and find a way to place it in her Dantian. Through Zhen Yuan cultivation, hatching, and gradually controlling it …
This method was extremely dangerous, and the cost was also extremely high. Moreover, if there was even the slightest mistake, the Dantian would be implicated by the Dark Embryo, turning the cultivator into a cripple!
In the universe, there were very few cultivators who could not capture the Azure Wind Spirit's Dark Embryo, and those who could successfully cultivate it were even fewer. Even if they succeeded, they would at least be Extreme God experts, or even higher.
They just could not figure out how Ai Anxin could obtain the Nimble Azure Wind Wings at the ninth level of Life and Death realm.
After Ai Anxin rushed over a thousand miles, she stopped and turned around to look. She had already left everyone far behind, and her face revealed a faint look of indifference.
"There's no challenge at all. I wonder what's Luo Zheng's rank now? That guy definitely won't fight for first place … "Even if she obtained first place in the 1000 kilometer mark, Ai Anxin did not let down her guard. Her premonition was always easy to verify. The competition between her and Luo Zheng was still to come!
Four hundred kilometers away, Luo Zheng was still flying forward at a neither fast nor slow pace. When he heard the old man's voice, a smile appeared on his face.
The first echelon had already crossed the 1000 kilometer mark. The second echelon's cultivators were concentrated between seven and eight hundred kilometers, while the third echelon's cultivators were between five hundred and six hundred kilometers.
Luo Zheng could not even catch up with the third echelon's tail.
"If I can't figure it out, then I won't think about it …" Luo Zheng suddenly shook his head, emptying his mind of thoughts, and increased his speed.
The intensity of the storm of laws in the first 1000 kilometer mark did not fluctuate too much.
After the time it took for two incense sticks to burn, Luo Zheng finally crossed the 1000 kilometer mark.
At this time, all the cultivators in the third echelon had also crossed this mark. He was still the last one.
When Luo Zheng broke through the 1000 kilometer mark, he felt that the storm of laws seemed to have become stronger …
"This storm of laws should also be circular, and now we should be approaching the center." This reminded Luo Zheng of the storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea.
However, the storm in the Chaotic Astral Sea was purely a storm formed by the law of wind, not the chaotic power of laws in front of him. However, although this storm of laws was a little stronger, it still did not put too much pressure on Luo Zheng!
Outside the Sealed Tower, the plain-clothed old man said indifferently, "Three thousand miles is a threshold. At this distance, many little fellows should be eliminated!"
A Palace Master next to him nodded. "After crossing the 1000 kilometer mark, some of the power of laws will condense. The strength of the Law Spirit formed will not be weak. Let's see how these little guys deal with it."
"What about the last little guy? Is he still the last one? "A Palace Master laughed.
"Yes, this little guy is really a little strange. He's already crossed the 1000 kilometer mark but he still hasn't used his true essence to protect his body. Does he plan on not using his true essence to protect his body?" Another Palace Master smiled.
In fact, these Palace Masters also discovered that Luo Zheng was a little special.
Of course, this wasn't a compliment. Rather, they felt that Luo Zheng was a little strange …
Their thoughts were still focused on the martial artists in their own palaces. The first place in the 1000 kilometer mark had already been taken away by Ai Anxin. Now, it was time to compete in endurance. Who would be able to travel the furthest in this storm of laws?
In the vast and boundless storm of laws, many genius martial artists were struggling to move forward. Besides the martial artists in the first echelon, many of the martial artists in the second echelon had slowed down by a great deal.
From time to time, an extremely powerful Fire Spirit would drill out from the storm and try to swallow a martial artist.
It might also shoot out a black wind blade …