Everyone's speed slowed down, but Luo Zheng maintained a steady speed. He slowly caught up with the main group.
Not long after, he finally overtook a martial artist, followed by a second, a third, and a fourth …
The martial artists at the back were probably not strong enough, so their speed could not keep up. Some of them even had the intention of giving up when faced with the fierce storm of laws.
After all, everyone had different goals. Some martial artists knew that their strength was limited, so they were satisfied with just one Calamity Annihilation Pill.
However, there were also some martial artists who gritted their teeth and persevered even though they were not strong enough. They knew that they could not surpass the threshold of 3,000 li, but they wanted to challenge themselves and not others! The mentality of these martial artists was rare and commendable!
Amidst the storm of Laws, a strange space suddenly formed. A cultivator inadvertently entered this space but was bound by this space. It was too late for that cultivator to escape. But at this time, a sharp black wind blade appeared in front of him and shot straight towards him, cutting off his arm from his shoulder …
A martial artist inadvertently triggered a fluctuation of laws and was surrounded by scarlet flames. At the same time, beams of fierce golden light shrouded him, and a few holes appeared on his body …
After crossing 1,000 li, this situation kept happening. Martial artists kept getting injured and could only give up midway.
The speed of the martial artists in the third and second echelon also dropped sharply. Every martial artist advanced cautiously.
However, the speed of the martial artists in the first echelon was still not to be underestimated!
The martial artists in the first echelon were the elites of the Thirteen Palaces. They were also the elites of the younger generation in the 3,000 Great Realms.
Moreover, they were basically martial artists who had unleashed the Nine-leaf Lotus Flower!
Whether it was their mentality, perseverance, talent, or luck, they were far from what ordinary martial artists could compare to!
Therefore, the distance between the martial artists in the first echelon and the second echelon was widening …
When the martial artists in the second echelon reached 1,700 li, Ai Anxin, who was the leader of the first echelon, had already broken through 2,000 li.
As for the third echelon, they had just reached 1,500 li.
Currently, Luo Zheng was already in the middle of the third echelon as he continued to overtake them.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Spears of ice suddenly appeared in the storm of Laws, shrouding down on Luo Zheng not too far away!
And in front of Luo Zheng, there was a warrior, who happened to be in the middle. That warrior's face revealed a trace of fear. Just as he wanted to escape, he found that his speed had become extremely slow! He was shrouded in a cage formed by the Laws of Time! Although his speed was not slow, under the hundred times time law, his speed was reduced to 1% of his original speed. It was impossible for him to dodge the ice spears above his head!
If one was pierced by these ice spears, the result was obvious. Even if one didn't die on the spot, they would be seriously injured!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly flashed, and he traversed a distance of several tens of meters and arrived by the side of the cultivator!
The laws of time …
With a thought, Luo Zheng operated the Law of Time.
The Laws of Time and Space were rather special. When comprehended together, they could cancel each other out.
After breaking the cage of the Laws of Time, Luo Zheng pulled that warrior away, and those sharp ice spears nailed to the ground …
That warrior was scared out of his wits by the scene just now, but after being rescued by Luo Zheng, his face naturally revealed a look of gratitude. "Thank you for saving me!"
Luo Zheng nodded faintly. Without stopping, he maintained his speed and continued to move forward.
The number of people eliminated by the storm of Laws continued to increase …
Especially the warriors in the third echelon. Just like that warrior, if it weren't for Luo Zheng, he would have been eliminated.
There were about three thousand warriors in the third echelon. After crossing a thousand miles, more than a thousand of them had been eliminated.
As for the second echelon, there were more than a thousand warriors, and more than three hundred of them had been eliminated!
As for the super geniuses in the first echelon, none of them had been eliminated!
"This year's performance is not bad. The elimination rate is much lower. In the past, there were only seven or eight warriors in the first echelon. This time, there are more than twenty people, more than three times!" The old man in linen clothes smiled with satisfaction.
"Since the Great Era is about to begin, these young geniuses will naturally appear at the same time. It's not just our Thirteen Palaces. The other forces in the alliance, the human race, and the other races should be the same!" Another Palace Master replied. "That's right.
The white-robed old man nodded. "If that's the case, the Torch Flame Inheritance should be breaking the previous record?"
In this One Thought Seal Tower, the best record of the younger generation of genius warriors was 18,000 miles!
A Palace Master shook his head and said with a smile, "I'm afraid you're dreaming if you want to break the 18,000-mile record of Celestial Venerable Huan Hai. However, other than the first place record, there's a high chance that the second place record can be broken this time!"
Celestial Venerable Huan Hai was the warrior who used four hours to adapt to the Heaven and Earth Yuan Qi in the upper realm!
In the past, he had also participated in this Torch Flame Inheritance. When he entered the One Thought Seal Tower, he had created a jaw-dropping record of 18,000 miles.
At that time, Celestial Venerable Huan Hai's cultivation base was only at the ninth level of the Life and Death Realm.
Why was 18,000 miles so jaw-dropping?
Because before that, the best result of the younger generation of martial artists was only twelve thousand miles!
With the appearance of Celestial Venerable Huan Hai, he had increased it by 6,000 miles. This result was too terrifying. Since then, no one had broken this record!
Afterwards, there were also some extremely monstrous martial artists that broke through 12,000 miles and reached 14,000 miles. This result was also the second place result of the Sealed Tower!
"Right, I also think that Ai Anxin might be able to break through 14,000 miles!" Another Palace Master said.
Yun Luo was a little absent-minded about everyone's discussion …
Her eyes were still focused on Luo Zheng. Although he was still in the third echelon, he had slowly come to the front of the third echelon. It would not be long before he entered the second echelon.
Many Palace Masters were only concerned about the genius warriors in the first echelon. They naturally did not notice that the little guy who had fallen on the tail was advancing at a steady speed and had already surpassed many people.
Not long after, the first echelon warriors finally broke through the 3,000 mile stage, and the white-robed old man once again announced the top ten names.
Ai Anxin was still in first place. She was worthy of being the focus of this Torch Flame Inheritance. In addition, Ai Anxin's identity was quite special. Although she participated in the Torch Flame Inheritance in the name of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace, the Palace Masters did not treat her as a warrior of Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Therefore, many Palace Masters were full of praise for Ai Anxin.
"This woman is definitely going to be the tide of this great era …."
"I think so too. Sigh, Xiao Daolai has a discerning eye!"
"…"
However, Ai Anxin's face was still dull. After crossing the 3,000 mile stage, she took a break. It was impossible to compete in speed between the 3,000 mile stage and the 10,000 mile stage, so she was not in a hurry. However, she curled the corners of her mouth and looked behind her. Luo Zheng had not come up yet!
The warrior in second place was not the warrior surnamed Li from Mourning Heavenly Palace, but Xue Muyang!
This ascender who admired Yun Luo held his breath and surpassed the warrior surnamed Li with his great perseverance, becoming the second warrior to cross the 3,000 mile stage!
After he crossed, he looked at the vast and boundless storm of Nomological Laws and shouted in his heart, "Yun Luo, do you see this? I will definitely grow to the point where I can match you!"
Third place …
Fourth place …
The entire first echelon of warriors, after crossing the 3,000 mile stage, slowed down one after another!
There was still a long way to go. The 10,000 mile stage was a huge hurdle, and it was not easy to cross this hurdle!
Not long after, Luo Zheng finally left the third echelon and entered the second echelon. When he entered the second echelon, the second echelon had also crossed the 3,000 mile range. However, the original 1,000 people in the second echelon were now reduced to a mere 300 people. 70% of the warriors had been eliminated.
＝＝＝＝＝