In the One Thought Seal Tower, three thousand miles was a big hurdle.
None of the warriors in the first echelon were eliminated, while 70% of the warriors in the second echelon were eliminated.
As for the warriors in the third echelon, it was even more tragic. 90% of them were eliminated. Out of more than three thousand warriors, only three hundred passed this hurdle.
However, the warriors who were able to pass three thousand miles were already proud enough. They could be nurtured as seeds of the entire alliance. The reward of a Secondary Grade One Divine Artifact seemed somewhat insignificant.
After three thousand miles, the warriors in the first echelon slowed down, and so did the warriors in the second and third echelon.
As for Luo Zheng, he still maintained his speed.
If someone was paying attention to Luo Zheng, they would find that Luo Zheng's speed had not changed at all from the beginning until now.
Moreover, he still did not use True Essence to protect his body. He only relied on his physical body to face the Law Storm all the way here.
However, from the beginning to the end, only Yun Luo had poured Luo Zheng into her body.
Not long after, someone finally found Luo Zheng.
After the linen-clothed old man glanced at the warriors in the first echelon, he looked all the way back and found that there was something wrong with the warriors in the front of the second echelon.
"Huh?" The linen-clothed old man's eyes flashed. "This little guy didn't activate his True Essence Protection!"
When he looked over, he was stunned. "Isn't this the guy who was late? Hasn't he been hanging on the tail all this time? How did he climb to the second echelon unknowingly? And he even passed three thousand miles? "
Three thousand miles was not a big deal in the eyes of the linen-clothed old man.
However, Luo Zheng's previous performance was so bad that he almost forgot about this little guy. If Luo Zheng had not used his True Essence Protection, he was afraid that he still would not have noticed Luo Zheng.
However, this guy had been hanging on the tail all this time. Now, he suddenly appeared here strangely as if he had teleported. The linen-clothed old man was naturally surprised.
"Is this the little guy who fell on the tail and refused to use his True Essence Protection?" A Palace Master also remembered.
"That's him! How interesting! Unknowingly, this little fellow is already at the front of the second tier! "
"It's a bit strange. At this stage of 3000 miles, he still hasn't opened his protective true essence. He is very confident in his own strength!"
"Hehe, Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace has a few interesting guys this time. Let's not talk about Ai Anxin, the guy who is ranked second is also from Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!"
Many Palace Masters also focused their gazes on Luo Zheng. Every one of them was filled with interest!
"I'd like to see if this fellow plans on not using his protective Zhen Yuan all the time."
In truth, protective true essence was only a method that a martial artist used to protect themselves. This method might be useful within 3000 miles, but outside of 3000 miles, protective true essence wasn't very effective. This was unless a martial artist cultivated a special cultivation method, such as an Earth Laws martial artist …
"Look at his speed. He's much faster than the other martial artists. It won't be long before he enters the first echelon!"
"This kid has hidden himself quite well …"
Since the linen-clothed old man mentioned it, these Palace Masters began to comment. Although everyone was surprised, they still weren't optimistic about Luo Zheng's achievements.
In the later stages of the Sealed Tower, in addition to strength, one also had to rely on one's perception and ability to respond …
The martial artists who were able to safely cross three thousand miles all had their own magical abilities. But even so, the speed of elimination was still accelerating.
After 4000 miles, no one in the first echelon had been eliminated. Half of the second echelon had been eliminated, and two-thirds of the third echelon had been eliminated …
5000 miles …
6000 miles …
7000 miles …
Luo Zheng had already crossed the second echelon and caught up with the last person in the first echelon!
At this time, the Law Storm had risen another level!
Ice spears, wind blades, earth spikes, time cages, and so on that would occasionally appear before were now everywhere. If one wasn't careful, they would appear from a certain angle.
Every martial artist was fully prepared to deal with these troubles, and Luo Zheng was no exception!
"Sou sou sou –"
All of a sudden, countless spikes grew out of the ground! Although these spikes were condensed from rocks, their surface was golden, and their sharpness was comparable to that of a Sacred Tool!
Luo Zheng's figure was like a barracuda, constantly swimming among the spikes. The moment Luo Zheng avoided these spikes, countless ice spikes burst out from the spikes, completely sealing off Luo Zheng's escape route.
After a breath, the surrounding ground suddenly trembled, and all the ice spikes were shattered by a huge force in an instant. Luo Zheng's slightly thin figure appeared again, and he continued to move forward at a moderate speed!
"This brat really has some skills!"
"His strength and body seem to be quite tyrannical …"
"His strength is qualified to enter the first echelon!"
Now that Luo Zheng had caught up with the first echelon, he naturally attracted the attention of some Palace Masters. As for Yun Luo, her expression was still indifferent. In her opinion, Luo Zheng's achievements were simply insignificant. Now was not the time to pay attention to him.
At 8000 miles, a martial artist in the first echelon was finally eliminated. This was also the first martial artist in the first echelon to be eliminated.
At this time, there were less than ten martial artists left in the second echelon! As for the third echelon, they had been completely annihilated, and not a single person had reached 8000 miles!
Now, the more than 4000 martial artists that had entered The Seal Pagoda had returned to the square, watching the situation in the pagoda. After being eliminated, they could only be reduced to temporary spectators!
Ai Anxin could be said to be far ahead. Of the remaining 30 or so martial artists, most of them had just broken through 8000 miles. Ai Anxin had already reached the distance of 9500 miles. With another 500 miles, she would cross 10,000 miles!
When she reached the distance of 9800 miles, she turned her head and looked at the endless storm of Laws. She faintly said, "You can't be eliminated, right? If you were eliminated, you wouldn't be qualified to be my opponent … "
After saying that, she turned her head again. The green wings on her back flapped gently, and she quickly flew through the storm of Laws …
"The first martial artist to cross 10,000 miles, Ai Anxin of the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!" When she crossed 10,000 miles, the old man's voice rang out again.
The warriors in the square were also discussing among themselves.
"10,000 miles, Ai Anxin has crossed the distance of 10,000 miles!"
"Didn't they say that the reward for crossing 10,000 miles would be announced? Why haven't they announced it yet? "
"She's too strong. How could a woman crush so many men like us?"
The old man continued to announce, "The martial artist who crosses 10,000 miles will receive a Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!"
As soon as the old man's voice fell, the eliminated martial artists in the square suddenly became excited.
"Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill!"
"How could there be such a good thing!"
"Oh my god, if I had known, I would have risked my life to persevere!"
This Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill could trigger the Heavenly Tribulation! It was similar to the Calamity Flower that Luo Zheng swallowed in the four Divine Kingdoms!
However, the Calamity Flower increased the number of Life and Death Tribulations to nine!
Many martial artists in the Upper Realm didn't need to swallow the Calamity Flower. With their talent, they were not accepted by the Heavens and Earth, so it was natural for them to face many tribulations. The nine Heavenly Tribulations were also a standard that the super geniuses of the Upper Realm had to face!
If a genius entered the Divine Sea Realm at the eighth level of the Life and Death Realm, he wouldn't be qualified to be called a genius.
However, the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill was different. Although it was also a pill, the two couldn't be mentioned in the same breath …
The Calamity Avoid Pill was only a seventh grade pill, while the Ten Direction Calamity Guide Pill was a ninth grade pill!
Most importantly, this pill could help a martial artist trigger the tenth Heavenly Tribulation. The tenth Heavenly Tribulation was also known as the perfect Heavenly Tribulation, because it was said that after the tenth Heavenly Tribulation, a martial artist's foundation would be in a perfect state. The impact of such a foundation on a martial artist's future was almost immeasurable!
Ai Anxin faintly curled her lips and continued forward …