Not only was Xue Muyang injured, but all the cultivators in the first echelon, except for Ai Anxin, were injured to varying degrees.
Although all the martial artists who entered the One Thought Sealed Tower were equipped with many healing panaceas, the tower was filled with space storms everywhere. There was nowhere to hide, and there was no chance for one to stay in a certain place to heal their wounds.
Therefore, at this time, everyone was holding their breath. Now was the time to test their endurance.
After Xue Muyang rushed past ten thousand miles, the other cultivators in the first echelon also rushed past ten thousand miles one after another!
In the previous Torch Flame Inheritance, there were usually only two or three cultivators who could rush past ten thousand miles. Sometimes, there was even only one person. This time, the results were obviously better than in the past.
When Luo Zheng rushed past ten thousand miles, he was already in the thirteenth place.
Except for occasionally dodging some powerful power of law in the storm, he could still maintain a constant speed!
His speed was not considered fast. After all, some warriors had already begun to use special methods in order to strive for a good result. When they were at the last moment, they would make a dash for it.
However, compared to the other cultivators, Luo Zheng was calmer. At least, there was not a single wound on his body …
And now, among the people in the One Thought Sealed Tower, only Ai Anxin and Luo Zheng were not injured at all!
"I found a problem! This little guy called Luo Zheng seems to have maintained his speed from the beginning to the end! "
"Yes, he is not fast nor slow. In this level of law storm, he is actually unscathed. It is really incredible!"
Hearing this, Yun Luo's eyes flashed faintly. These guys, only now did they realize …
The current Luo Zheng was already in the limelight.
Although he still did not rush into the top ten, his calm appearance made people feel that he was more and more unfathomable.
After Luo Zheng maintained the thirteenth place for half an hour, two super geniuses in front of him were injured and eliminated from the One Thought Sealed Tower.
With their elimination, Luo Zheng's ranking also rose by two places, reaching the eleventh place!
As for the cultivator in the tenth place, he was not far away from Luo Zheng. It seemed that he was also ravaged by the law storm. Now, it was difficult for him to move forward. Surpassing that person and entering the top ten was also right in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
However, just as Luo Zheng approached the cultivator's back and wanted to surpass him, the cultivator turned his head and glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. After a cold snort, he bit the tip of his tongue and directly burned his blood essence. Then, a wild aura was released from the cultivator's body!
"Whoosh —"
The cultivator's speed suddenly increased by more than three times, leaving Luo Zheng far behind!
Obviously, he did not want Luo Zheng to surpass him!
Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's, Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng, Luo, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng.
This cultivator should possess the bloodline inheritance of some ancient species. His blood essence was also very precious. Burning his blood essence just to keep his position in the top ten was a bit wasteful …
What's more, at the stage of ten thousand miles, speed was no longer important. What was more important was the competition of endurance.
The cultivator quickly flew away in the vast law storm. His figure soon became blurry and gradually disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
Luo Zheng still maintained his speed, flying in the air unhurriedly!
After another incense stick's worth of time …
As Luo Zheng continued to move forward, he saw a huge black hole appear not far away. This black hole firmly sealed the cultivator in the tenth place.
The power of law at this stage was already very terrifying. Moreover, some very rare laws were born in the law storm. Although these laws were also derived from the Origin Laws, they had become another law system.
Just like this huge black hole, it was the legendary Law of Darkness. It was said that when the Law of Darkness was cultivated to the extreme, it could swallow everything, including the entire universe …
Although the black hole in front of him could not achieve this effect, it would not be easy to get out after swallowing this cultivator. At the very least, Luo Zheng himself would not be able to escape!
When he passed by the black hole, Luo Zheng also felt the powerful suction force produced by the black hole. At the same time, he saw the cultivator in the black hole shouting at him.
Luo Zheng could not hear any sound. This black hole could suck everything in. Even the sound made by the black hole could not escape the suction force.
Relying on the shape of his lips, Luo Zheng was able to read his words. "Help him!"
Luo Zheng shook his head faintly.
It was not that Luo Zheng wanted to watch this cultivator be eliminated. Even if he released him, it would not be a big deal for Luo Zheng.
It was just that Luo Zheng himself was not familiar with the Law of Darkness. If he was sucked in, it would be bad luck. If he was trapped, he believed that the Palace Masters would get this guy out. However, at that time, this cultivator would face elimination. Or rather, he was already eliminated.
Replacing this martial artist's position, Luo Zheng was now finally ranked tenth.
However, just as Luo Zheng entered the tenth place, a figure in front of him rapidly flew back. In this vast law storm, Luo Zheng could not see very clearly. He only felt that the faint shadow seemed to be a big bird.
But when the "big bird" approached, Luo Zheng discovered that it was Ai Anxin, but she had a pair of wings on her back!
After Ai Anxin flew closer, Luo Zheng asked with a strange expression, "Why did you turn back?"
Ai Anxin glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently and said, "I thought you were already eliminated!"
"How could it be that easy?" Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Too slow!" Ai Anxin said again.
"It's not a competition of speed." Luo Zheng would not increase his speed to catch up with someone, nor would he deliberately slow down for someone.
"But it's fine as long as you're still here. I'll wait for you in front!"
After speaking, Ai Anxin spread her wings and flew out directly. But at this time, a "blizzard" suddenly appeared in front of her. Giant fireballs condensed from the Law of Fire and ice spears dozens of feet long directly smashed down.
But Ai Anxin's flying speed was extremely fast. In a flash, she drilled through this "blizzard". Occasionally, there would be fireballs blocking her way, but she would wrap her body with her wings and directly rush through them.
"She turned back just to say a few words …"
"This Ai Anxin, isn't he too confident in himself?"
"Within a range of 12,000 miles, she can still move around with ease. This woman … may be qualified to challenge Celestial Master Huan Hai's previous record!"
At this moment, there were not many cultivators left in the Sealed Tower. Every cultivator was paid attention to, and Ai Anxin, who was previously ranked first, was naturally the last to receive attention.
When she resolutely turned back with the purpose of saying a few words to Luo Zheng, these Palace Masters were quite speechless.
Other cultivators were struggling, but this woman did not seem to know what difficulty was. In such a fierce storm of Law, she was still able to move around with ease. They could not help but have a whole new level of respect for her!
Luo Zheng's ranking was still rising in an orderly manner!
Ninth place, eighth place, seventh place …
Under continuous overtaking, he quickly entered the top five, then the top four …
At 13,000 miles, he was already in the top three.
Because among the top ten martial artists, seven of them had already been eliminated!
Strangely, the top three cultivators were all from the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace!
The first place was still Ai Anxin, the second was Xue Muyang, and the third was naturally Luo Zheng …
At this time, the Palace Masters and Vice Palace Masters of the other Twelve Palaces looked a little embarrassed.