The Dimmed Heavenly Palace's Palace Master sighed. "Looks like we'll have to watch Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace perform this year."
The other Palace Masters were speechless as well. They had no idea where the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace had found these geniuses. Judging by their momentum, these three young men could even break the record of the second place, which was a distance of 14,000 miles!
Yun Luo's expression was still indifferent.
Putting Xue Muyang aside, in Yun Luo's opinion, Luo Zheng's potential was definitely more than that. The best part should come later.
At this time, the linen-clothed old man said, "If I'm not wrong, this Luo Zheng and Xue Muyang should both be ascenders, right?"
Yun Luo nodded. "Yes, both of them are ascenders."
The linen-clothed old man chuckled and said, "Looks like we'll have to perform another ascender miracle …"
The so-called Ascender Miracle was only a very broad concept that was circulated in the Upper Realm.
Because over the years, there were many ascenders, but most of them were very ordinary in strength and talent. There were few highlights.
This result was normal. After all, the cultivation techniques, inheritances, and foundations of the Upper Realm were incomparable to those of the Lower Realm.
However, ascenders were usually quiet, but once they did, they would amaze everyone!
For example, Celestial Lord Huan Hai's talent was so high that it shook the entire Alliance. After he became a Celestial Lord, he was also one of the best among Celestial Lords!
"Ascender miracle … It can't be, right?" A Palace Master shook his head.
"You mean, they can break Celestial Lord Huan Hai's record?" Another Palace Master asked.
18,000 miles, this record was like a mountain erected in front of the many super geniuses of the Thirteen Palaces. This mountain was so tall that it was suffocating. It was almost insurmountable!
In the previous Torch Flame inheritances, there was no warrior who dared to charge at this mountain!
The linen-clothed old man only chuckled and didn't speak.
In One Thought Barrier Tower …
Ai Anxin didn't stop at all. She was like a happy lark, wandering freely in the nomological storm!
Now that she was sure that Luo Zheng was following behind, she didn't need to wait anymore. She wanted to leave Luo Zheng far behind, as far as possible.
Therefore, Ai Anxin's speed directly increased by two times. No matter how the nomological storm raged, it couldn't trap her nimble figure.
Xue Muyang felt very tired now!
Before participating in the Torch Flame inheritance, Xue Muyang had been in seclusion.
He was different from Luo Zheng. Not long after Luo Zheng ascended, Yun Luo brought him to the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
After Xue Muyang ascended, he went through a lot of hardships and finally found Yun Luo through his outstanding talent. After all, he successfully entered the Cloud Mist Heavenly Palace.
Here, he learned of Empyrean Illusory Sea's deeds!
He understood that ascenders were also able to obtain supreme achievements. They could become Celestial Venerables and become existences that all living beings in the universe looked up to!
When they were in the lower realm, Xue Muyang and Yun Luo had met in a crisis. Yun Luo had helped him a lot, and she was also the foundation for him to roam the Great Wide World!
When he achieved his goal and wanted to find Yun Luo, he realized that she was just a clone that was destined to return to the Upper Realm …
After knowing Yun Luo's identity, he had followed her all the way. He had never given up on this belief, and he still hadn't given up even now, even though he knew that Yun Luo didn't like him.
Now, he wanted to prove that he could become someone like Empyrean Illusory Sea!
But now, the storm of laws was getting stronger and stronger, and the injuries on his body were getting worse and worse. His legs and arms were riddled with wounds that were so deep that his bones could be seen.
To be able to hold on until now, he had relied on his incomparably strong willpower and belief …
As for Luo Zheng, he was still ranked third. His speed still didn't increase or decrease!
The deeper he went into the storm of laws, the more he sighed with emotion at the magnificent wonders of the storm.
For example, along the way, he saw purple ice crystals that formed strange patterns on the ground in a regular pattern. These patterns were naturally formed, but they contained a very unique power of laws.
Another example was a terraced pool with purple liquid flowing in it. But if one looked carefully, the liquid was actually a lightning pool formed by lightning.
Of course, these magnificent wonders also contained layers of murderous intent. If one wasn't careful, these power of laws would pounce on Luo Zheng …
Just as Luo Zheng continued to move forward, a violent roar suddenly came from the front!
"Ah ah ah …"
Luo Zheng squinted his eyes and saw a person.
Xue Muyang?
Luo Zheng wasn't familiar with this person, but he knew that he was the number one cultivator in Swallow Cloud Hall. Moreover, when Yun Luo used the Scarlet Afterglow Ring to select cultivators, he seemed to have said something strange.
This person seemed to be Yun Luo's pursuer.
As Luo Zheng walked closer, he found that Xue Muyang was entangled by golden vines. He was frantically struggling as if he wanted to break free from the golden vines. His aura was waning, and his body was covered in wounds. He looked very miserable.
Seeing his injuries, Luo Zheng sucked in a breath of cold air …
These golden vines weren't living creatures, but vines formed naturally by the law of wood. No matter how hard Xue Muyang struggled, he couldn't break free from these vines.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and floated in the air. He asked, "Do you need help?"
Xue Muyang struggled for a long time but still couldn't break free from the golden vines. When he heard Luo Zheng's words, he fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. "No need!"
"But you can't break free from these golden vines yourself." Luo Zheng lowered his head and asked. He knew that some cultivators had strange tempers, so he didn't attack right away. The more talented a cultivator was, the more strange tempers they had …
At this time, Xue Muyang suddenly raised his head and stared at Luo Zheng. There was a hint of madness in his eyes. "I want to prove my strength. How can I rely on others?"
Hearing this, the corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. "Because of Yun Luo?"
"You … called her by her name!" Xue Muyang said coldly. There was a trace of coldness in his eyes.
In the Misty Cloud Heavenly Palace, Yun Luo's status was revered. Generally, these young genius cultivators would respectfully call Yun Luo "Palace Master". How many people dared to call Yun Luo by her name?
Xue Muyang was an exception. He knew Yun Luo in the lower realm. Because of this, he always felt that he was a special existence in Yun Luo's eyes. Moreover, Yun Luo herself didn't care about this kind of address!
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Is it strange? You're not the only one who knows Yun Luo in the Great Thousand World … "
"You're also an ascender, and you're also …" For the sake of the Torch Flame Inheritance, Xue Muyang had been in seclusion. Naturally, he didn't know Luo Zheng's origin.
Before Xue Muyang could finish his words, Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes, Yun Luo has so many clones. Of course, you're not the only one who has seen her."
Hearing this, Xue Muyang fell silent. The ruthlessness on his face lessened a little.
Luo Zheng continued to say to Xue Muyang, "I know you want to prove yourself to Yun Luo, but you seem to be mistaken about one thing."
"What is it?" Xue Muyang said coldly.
"The Yun Luo you like is not the same person as the current Yun Luo …"
"After all, a clone is not the main body. When she was swallowed by Yun Luo, that clone disappeared from this world …"
"So you don't need to prove anything to the current Yun Luo."
Luo Zheng was not an emotional expert. It was just that Xue Muyang was also an ascender, so he said a few words to persuade him.
However, these words made the atmosphere outside the One Thought Sealed Tower a little awkward.
Even Yun Luo, who had always been indifferent, showed an unnatural expression on her face. The other Palace Masters were secretly looking at Yun Luo with a playful expression.
As for the linen-clothed old man, he chuckled and said, "Little guys nowadays are getting weirder and weirder. They can talk about this kind of thing in this storm of laws. Haha!"
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xue Muyang remained silent. On the other hand, Luo Zheng shook his head. He didn't wish to enlighten Xue Muyang. He only wanted to tell Xue Muyang his feelings. To Yun Luo, her clones were nothing more than insignificant memories. How could Yun Luo's true self succumb to her memories?
After saying that, Luo Zheng did not stay any longer and continued to move forward. As for whether this guy could figure it out or not, it would depend on his own brain …
This was just a small interlude. After everyone's eyes stopped here for a short while, they quickly gathered on Ai Anxin because at this time, Ai Anxin had already broken through 16,000 miles.
She was only 2,000 miles away from the record set by Celestial Master Huan Hai, but these 2,000 miles were even more difficult to cross.
＝＝＝＝＝