"Sixteen thousand miles. This Ai Anxin is really …"
"I'm afraid this woman will be accepted into the Spring Fragrance Pavilion after the Torch Flame Inheritance!"
"She's really impressive. When I was in the One Thought Sealed Tower back then, I only walked thirteen thousand miles. That was already my limit!"
Ai Anxin's current achievements shocked many of the Palace Lords.
Even though this woman's previous performance was not bad, they never thought that she would actually reach such a distance!
However, the next scene was even more shocking!
After Ai Anxin crossed sixteen thousand miles, her speed increased again. At this time, her entire body was enveloped in a layer of green light. A crack appeared between her eyebrows, and a small green stone appeared in the crack.
It was a stone the size of a fingertip and looked very ordinary.
However, when the Palace Lords saw this stone, their expressions changed drastically. The linen-clothed old man even stood up abruptly!
"Jade Gate Immortal Combat!"
"She actually has the Jade Gate Immortal Combat!"
"That old man Xiao Daolai really hid it well …"
Some people were surprised, while others sighed.
As for the warriors on the side of the square, they were somewhat confused. They did not know what the Jade Gate Immortal Combat was.
The linen-clothed old man sat back in his chair and muttered, "That's not right. If Ai Anxin had the Jade Gate Immortal Combat, Spring Fragrance Pavilion would definitely know about it. Xiao Daolai would not have sent her to participate in the Torch Flame Inheritance …"
"From the looks of it, the old Palace Lord probably does not know that Ai Anxin has the Jade Gate Immortal Combat." Yun Luo nodded. At this time, she was also looking at Ai Anxin in a new light.
In fact, Yun Luo had always thought that Luo Zheng would surpass Ai Anxin sooner or later. It seemed to be a matter of course. That judgment was inferred based on the memories of her two clones.
However, when she saw the Jade Gate Immortal Combat, she began to doubt her judgment.
The Jade Gate Immortal Combat was an extremely special talent. It was also an extremely powerful talent.
In the Upper Realm, there were all kinds of special physiques and special talents. For example, the Ancient Giant Demon's Indestructible Physique. After cultivating to a certain level, the body was almost indestructible. Even if it was reduced to powder, it could still be restored …
Another example was the Extreme Purple Yin Body, the bloodline of the True Phoenix and True Dragon, and the bloodline of various divine beasts. There were always warriors who possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon World. Almost all of them possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon Race. It might be extremely precious in the Lower World, but it was very common in the Great World.
But the Jade Gate Immortal Battle was different.
Up until now, martial artists who possessed the Jade Gate Immortal Battle were extremely rare in the entire universe, and they were also extremely mysterious!
It was said that each Jade Door Celestial Combat Scroll had different abilities, but it definitely recorded a Karmic Law! What was even more frightening was that this Karma Law would grow along with the growth of the martial artist.
A weapon that possessed the Karma Law was a supreme divine artifact. But, supreme divine artifacts only numbered around 3000 in the entire universe. A normal martial artist would only see the names of these weapons on the Universal Myriad Spirit Stele; they would never see one in their entire life!
And once a supreme divine artifact was forged, the Karma Law within could not be changed, and it was even more impossible for it to grow …
Thus, it was understandable why the Palace Masters were so shocked when the cyan stone appeared on Ai Anxin's forehead.
After Ai Anxin activated the Jade Gate Immortal Battle Scroll, her speed continued to increase explosively!
17,000 miles …
18,000 miles …
19,000 miles …
20,000 miles …
In less than half an hour, Ai Anxin easily broke the record set by Celestial Venerable Illusory Sea.
In half an hour, Ai Anxin easily broke through 20,000 miles.
Ai Anxin was creating records with every step she took …
As for the Palace Masters outside, their expressions were also very excited. They were also very curious. How far would Ai Anxin go before she stopped?
Yun Luo pursed her lips and shifted her gaze back to Luo Zheng.
In fact, Luo Zheng's current results were also very shocking. His speed was not slow, but he had already entered the 16,000 mile mark.
If not for Ai Anxin, Luo Zheng's achievements would also be the focus of attention.
Unfortunately …
Ai Anxin was already so outstanding that it was terrifying. Luo Zheng had only broken through the 16,000 mile mark, but Ai Anxin had already entered the 20,000 mile mark!
In comparison, Luo Zheng's results were somewhat overshadowed.
"Ai Anxin's speed is still increasing!" a Palace Master could not help but shout.
At this time, who would pay attention to Luo Zheng?
Every Palace Master was staring at Ai Anxin. As she continued to move forward, the storm of laws behind her became more and more terrifying. However, not only did her speed not slow down, but it also became faster and faster. This strange scene was not only inconceivable, but also deeply admirable.
21,000 miles …
22,000 miles …
23,000 miles …
Every time Ai Anxin broke through 1,000 miles, it attracted a round of exclamations from the Palace Masters.
As for the genius martial artists on the side of the square, they were also amazed. They were not qualified to be envious of such a woman. In the future, Ai Anxin would become an existence that they could only look up to.
However, at this time, the linen-clothed old man said faintly, "Luo Zheng has also broken through 18,000 miles …"
The Palace Masters, who were staring at Ai Anxin, turned their gazes back.
"Luo Zheng also broke the record set by Celestial Venerable Huan Hai?"
"It's really a miracle … If not for Ai Anxin, Luo Zheng's results would also be very terrifying …"
"What a pity. Hehe, Luo Zheng is also unlucky. He should have created a new record, but in the end, Ai Anxin directly created an even more terrifying record and blocked his path!"
The martial artists on the square also began to discuss.
"Not necessarily. Although Luo Zheng's speed is not fast, he is still moving forward. Maybe he can catch up with Ai Anxin!"
"Impossible. Ai Anxin is almost at the 24,000 mile mark. The gap is almost 5,000 miles, and the further she goes, the more difficult it will be. How can it be so easy to catch up with her?"
"Of course not. Everyone, look, Luo Zheng has stopped!"
At this time, the crowd saw that Luo Zheng had suddenly stopped.
Previously, Luo Zheng had been moving forward at a constant speed, neither slow nor fast. However, he had been moving forward neither too fast nor too slow. From the last place, he had finally reached the second place!
Now that Luo Zheng had stopped, it meant that he was in trouble …
"I'm afraid he can't hold on any longer, right?"
"It's very likely that the storm of laws at this time is already at a level that he can no longer resist …"
"Ai Anxin has broken through 24,000 miles!"
Ai Anxin's continuous creation of records was already a little troublesome for the crowd. No one knew how far this woman could go.
However, they believed that it must be an unprecedented record that would never be broken in the future. It was a record that was countless times more terrifying than the record set by Celestial Venerable Huan Hai.
Just as they believed, after Ai Anxin broke through the 24,000 mile mark, her speed was still astonishing, and there was no stagnation.
As for Luo Zheng, he had been staying at the 18,000 mile mark, motionless, as if he was comprehending something.
Yun Luo pursed her lips and stared at Luo Zheng, but there was a faint sense of anxiety in her heart. She had been optimistic about Luo Zheng from the beginning and hoped that he could surpass Ai Anxin, but now Luo Zheng had stopped in the storm of laws. Who knew what he was comprehending?
"Twenty-five thousand!"
"26,000!"
"27,000 … I'm going crazy. This woman is definitely a monster!"
It was not until 28,000 miles that Ai Anxin's speed gradually slowed down.
"She finally slowed down …"
"She has already surpassed the record set by Celestial Venerable Huan Hai by 10,000 miles. This result, tsk tsk …"
"Nonsense, if you go any further, the storm of laws will be in a completely out of control state. That place is already in the inner layer of the storm of laws. It's impossible to observe!"
Ai Anxin's speed rapidly decreased. After reaching 28,000 miles, she had advanced 200 miles and finally stopped at this position!
Not long after, Ai Anxin's figure appeared at the entrance of One Thought Sealed Tower with a faint smile on her lips.
She was very proud, but her nature was still relatively amiable. However, when the warriors of the Thirteen Palaces looked at Ai Anxin, they faintly looked at her as if they were looking at a superior …